SQL Server - Index Including PK
overstating field size in database design
Performance of SQL Server indexing
Does SQL Server read all of a COALESCE function even if the first argument is not NULL?
Query optimization: Which is better in my case - CURSORs or a Set-based approach?
Rebuilding Index - sort in temp db
SQL Drive getting full delete millions of rows
forensically deleting/updating data
Write to different schema with own tablespace from another account
Is it possible to tell the source of a backup?
Generate a new Sub Plan/Sequence ID in SQL 2005/8 Business Intelligence Development Studio
Is raid 5 suitable for a mysql installation?
Temporarily Disable Sql Replication
copy schema across different physical databases in db2
Ready-to-Use Database models example
Using View filters for tenants in SQL-Server 2008
Msg 2534 : DBCC CHECKDB allocation errors
Database restoring taking too long
Advantage of using a database snapshot for reporting purposes
MS SQL Server 2008R2, "Login failed for user" from time to time, IIS 7 , NET 4.0
Restore a database to different databases without losing any data 
Merge Replication from SQL 2008 R2 to SQL 2005 Express: SQL Server version (10.50) is not supported
ORA-20000: ORU-10027: buffer overflow, limit of 10000 bytes
MySQL: What field types for large numbers?
Going from separate databases to shared databases and schemas (Multi Tenant Data Architecture)
Effect on performance on retrieval of image column from a table with half a billion records on remote server
Is it a good idea to use Synonyms to avoid creating a duplicate table?
oracle distinct doing sort
How can Oracle use a Range Scan here?
Why select max partitioned column is much slower than indexed one?
How can I generate call stack on error on the fly
Is there any collection of PowerShell scripts that help the task of SQL Server maintenance?
Table structure/schema for spreadsheet-like web app (ex: Google Docs)?
What is this error about in sql server?
Why the query scan all the partitions?
Installed SQL Server 2000 with wrong collation.. how to correct for entire server instance?
SQL Server many active create procedure processes
Is it possible to convert a .mysql file to a .sql file?
Export pipe-delimited data with progress db
SQL Server Management Studio Change User Server Roles to sysadmin?
sql 2008, select from a view as a different user, like owner
Generating Invoices and Tracking
Access SQL Server from a different subnet
how to Grant Permission on a table to a user on the other database in oracle
How to use sqlplus to connect to an Oracle Database located on another host without modifying my own tnsnames.ora
can't remove "GRANT USAGE"
MySQL replication: "Houston, We've Got a Problem"
SQL Server Maintenance Plan Fails to Rebuild the Indexes
Maintaining or Re-Gaining access after SQL Server database restore without SYSADMIN rights?
Tracing/Logging of Sybase ASA
How to change data location on Ubuntu
Does replication with SSL encryption work on MySQL 5.5?
MySQL replication to slave having VPN connection to Master
Filtered indices: Why include the filtered-on field?
What's the difference between a CTE and a Temp Table?
SQL Server - Transaction Slowness
Why is my MySQL dump file and my phpMyadmin export file different sizes?
"Undo" some transactions from backups
How do I use `sys.dm_exec_connections` in combination with SUSER_SNAME()?
SQL Server 2008 R2 Express - Runs at an average of 2-3% CPU, but gets stuck at 100% sometimes
How to implement soft deletes?
How to implement Draft functionality, with attached files?
Is there a way to force an index to stay in memory with SQL Server 2008?
How could sequence.nextval be null in Oracle?
SQL Server 2008 R2 Standard with SSIS Enterprise
backing up selected tables in a database
Get the most recently completed step for each SQL job
transaction log after restore
How to serialize a record / row in SQL?
Controlling the order in which merge articles are applied by snapshot at initialization?
Does the max_allowed_packet variable have any effect on LOAD LOCAL INFILE?
Is there a PostgreSQL proxy running queries on several servers at once?
Scheduling a task that happens very frequently in Sql Server
How to check when statistics was last executed?
Database structure for a mailing list.
MySQL IS NULL / IS NOT NULL Misbehaving?
dangers of using SHRINKFILE in sql server 2008
Trying to figure out when a table was dropped?
What effect does serializable isolation level have on DDL-statements?
Client to use the slave when the master is down in MySQL replication
SQL Server Collation for Arabic, Hebrew, English and French
Same restore file (.bak), huge difference of execution duration time on various computers
SQL Express 2008 R2 on Amazon EC2 instance: tons of free memory, poor performance
Postgres - how to randomize two columns in a table
What Problems Does an Eager Spool Indicate
Oracle aggregate function performance
How to migrate from MySql to HSQLDB?
Import .pde file on PL/SQL Developer
How can I allow an Oracle database to be accessed remotely?
TempDB data files don't shrink well on SQL 2008
What is the undo pass that SQL Server does during a RESTORE WITH STANDBY operation?
How to run bcp utility from root drive?
When to open your MySQL cursor
How to monitor SQL Server data and log file growth?
SQL 2008 R2 - Odd timeout issues
SQL command to remove prefix from a set of tables
ORA-12505: TNS:listener does not currently know of SID given in connect descriptor
Oracle Trace File Interpretation: enq: TX - index contention
How do I automatically deliver the SQL Server built in reports?
Data warehouse: using day number in Epoch in a date dimension
Space Consumption for SQL Index Rebuild
How to select bytea data as binary data, inserted as hex-encoded from binary
SQL Server - DBO without Backup
Installing Oracle 11g on Ubuntu 11.10
After I replaced master mdf/ldf files, can no longer log in
Best index for this scenario
Should I use a Column naming convention or rely on column descriptions?
Sql Server 2005 - sqlcmd with output to shell and file
Grant create permission on a specific schema in Oracle 11g
Is it good idea to change Simple Recover Model into Bulk-Logged on ETL system?
Slony not replicating changes from a dump file
What is the mysql.db table used for?
Get Job id OR Job name from within executing job
Does MVC architecture design pattern effect MySQL database performance?
Is to possible to forbid access to tables in own schema - Oracle?
Shrink Log File without breaking Log Chain
How do I model data from arbitrary CSV's in a database?
Why can't I connect to SQL Server 2008?
How to improve restoring the PostgreSQL database?
MySQL : Why are there "test" entries in mysql.db?
How to manage a large SQL Server database: transaction log, reduce size, alter table
How do I add a time dimension to this forecasting database without having to duplicate every data point @ each reforecast?
Using 100's of schemas in a database SQL2008R2?
Primary Key Type's Effect on Performance in Oracle?
Execution Plans Query
Insert if not exists, concurrently
Is there a more helpful way to detect lock acquire/release stats in SQL Profiler?
Can I use the "import" tool on PHPMyAdmin multiple times?
Why is using a table variable more than twice as fast as a #temp table in this specific case?
What is the difference between setting the directive default-character-set under [client] as opposed to [mysqld]?
How to recover previous values in Mysql Table?
Need to find duplicate entries
What should I use as a primary key/index for a table with no unique columns that are mostly written to?
Do SQL Server disabled databases cause any usage concerns?
Can I be notified of a rollback in my DDL Trigger?
How do I update a table with the aggregated values (min, max) of a related table, fast?
Screwed up MySQL init_connect
Sending SQL Server query as CSV via e-mail
update with nested join problem
MS SQL Server - update row value to next row with row id
slow load speed of data from mysqldump
Installing SQL Server 2008 R2 Service Pack 1
SQL Data aggregation
How to store data in a database without tables?
Index physical stats DMV - Object ID/table not found
Idiomatic way to implement UPSERT in PostgreSQL
INSERT performance difference between temporary tables and table variable
Would it be considered as a bad practice to have multiple nullable FKs on a table in SQL Server
SQLSTATE[HY000]: General error: 1025 Error on rename of
SSAS Dimension Help - Finding Values Not In the Dimension using Role Playing
Can I query a copy of a database without impacting performance of the primary?
How to sync a database with an external full text engine?
Displaying parent attributes alongside child attributes
What's the best way to ensure referential integrity on a replicated database?
Send SSRS Report Many Times Based on Sql Query
Span single transaction over several sequential psql sessions
Is there a way to force Deferred Name Resolution even if the table exists when creating a stored procedure?
SQL: What is slowing down INSERTs if not CPU or IO?
Ubuntu Multiple MySQL instances and Apparmor
tempdb on raid1 isolated or raid10 shared with high write db
How can I set up SQL Server 2008 users without Windows/Domain accounts?
How should I interpret the "lock time" within mysql slow query log?
GRANT command not working in MySQL Server
Summary of locks for a query
Is it possible to have indexes for like '%*%' type queries
Create unique DB_NAME and DB_DOMAIN for an Oracle 11g instance
Thwarting some awful parameter sniffing
How can I execute multiple DDL statements within a transaction in Oracle?
Usage of RESTRICT or No ACTION in FOREIGN KEY Constraints
SQL Server : Execute as multiple users simultaneously?
Limit WHERE to MAX() & COUNT()
Very slow performance from MySQL
How do I restore a plain text postgres .backup file
Mysql database design with XML
On-Demand Fuzzy Lookup
Virtual Oracle server for education?
Why do I get leading zeros when converting from decimal to char in a db2 query?
Fastest validation query in PostgreSQL
Slony lib not found
Ibdata usage and Recommendations?
Tracking of deleted records who delete the transaction in SQL server 2008r2
Taking MySQL dump from another machine
Save Transaction: Is the name local to the stored procedure or not?
Update primary key
Where can I find example databases for MySQL, SQL Server and Oracle?
Connect to a Windows Authentication SQL server in SQL Server Authentication mode?
Does sp_spaceused data contain more than the sum of each table data?
Query database by date, month, year
Does the transaction isolation level affect indices as well?
Query tuning - SQL Server
don't want to be able creating stored procedures with incorrect
Does SQL Server execute queries in parallel?
Get statistics of open connection to linked servers
How to index dynamic attributes in MongoDB
MariaDB XtraDB Performance Tuning
Design SQL Server 2008 new install ... which collation?
Does a SQL Server bit column really use a whole byte worth of space?
MySql cluster data node replication
What is the best approach to parsing a large amount of strings?
Performance difference between SQL Server Linked Server and direct query
Database for building a realtime analytics system
Error importing back a postgres db after dumping
Remove an instance of "SQL Server 2008 R2" after reinstalling "SQL Server 2008"
Execute Queries Against CMS within SSRS Reports?
How do I resolve this data source connection issue with Cognos?
What is the difference between a connection and a session?
Get the rank of a user in a score table
Table Statistics Affect Index Only Query?
Table view created with triggers, someone please explain why?
Migrating Sql Cluster Installation To New Drive
export data from oracle 10g
Remove nulls from TSQL connection string
Profiler: Only want to see Provider Errors
How could one monitor MySQL replication?
How to prevent high memory, CPU and time consumption by MySQL restore?
Regular expression problem
Fix missing performance counters
Plural vs Singular Table Name
How to revive SQL Server 2008 R2 performance counters?
How to design a schema to store search keywords
email a database made by My SQL
Does running pg_dump on live db produce consistent backups?
Database suggestion for a social network/ knowledge base community?
Mirroring multiple source databases to a single destination in SQL Server 2008
Printing \G on shell using mysql client..?
How can dm_db_index_usage_stats show 0 for user_seeks and user scans but a large number for user_lookups?
Using Apache/ mod_proxy_ajp/ APEX Listener together
Safely deleting a SQL Server log file (.LDF)
Getting recovered db files to work on rebuilt server
User Windows login name has been changed in AD yet session in SQL 2008 Profiler shows the old Windows login name
WAL backups with pg_dump not possible?
Create Index with a WHERE clause
SQL Server Primary key / clustered index design decision
Table-Valued Parameter as Output parameter for stored procedure
Slow enumeration of schemas and tables in a largish database
MySql: Change from latin1 to utf8
Why is the next scheduled run date for my SQL Server job NULL?
Is it possible to schedule table update/refresh in Oracle Application Express?
PostgreSQL dump/restore from 8.4 to 8.1 in a shell script
Oracle 11gR2 expdp table converted to CSV from Linux
Why is my maintenance plan save overwriting job ownership?
What is the simplest way of excluding the current row from the result of an analytic?
Concat issue has me perplexed
How to obtain SIDs of Sql Server installed NT Service Accounts
Archive a single giant table from a SQL 2008 database - filegroup backup?
Can MySQL 5.1 read a MySQL 5.5 MyISAM file?
SSIS error Property BackupDirectory is not available for Settings
Mysql 5.5 strange behavior with group by with limit based of INDEX vs INDEX FOR GROUP BY
Access denied for user 'myuser'@10.% to database 'mydb' - Mysql Import SQL Script
Are there any good reasons for keeping date and time in separate columns?
Adding Security to a legacy DB with Schema
Should the host machine always be restarted after upgrading an SQL Server 2008 instance?
sql server 2008 email notifications
Where to start learning to understand SQL Server architecture and internals?
Does the number of indexes effect the modification of table?
Tuning dedicated Percona Server with XtraDB for OLTP
Why shouldn't I have one table for multiple relationships?
Speed up INSERTs
Copy 8 Million Records
sql server maintence plans. What account to use?
Insert triggers to eliminate sensitive information
Requirements for IIS server used for web sync, merge replicaiton
Complex SQL query - need help
Database redesign opportunity: What table design to use for this sensor data collection?
Simple SQL queries not finishing
How do you install MySQL 5.1.34 on CentOS 5.5?
Is there a concept of an "include file" in SQL Server?
How to Determine the input and output values of stored procedures?
Disk file effects of delete and vacuum
Is there a MySQL maximum database or table count?
how to enable temporal database capability in mysql.?
how to import mysql database structure?
Error attaching database after deleting NDF file
How to find the SQL statements that caused tempdb growth?
Deadlock between two databases
Implementing a one to one (1:1) relationship between Person and User
After upgrade of SQL Server 2000 database to SQL Server 2008 the view is not sorted on the group by column
SQL Server backup, attach to BAK file?
Why can't relational databases meet the scales of Big Data?
How to restructure this slow query containing subquery?
MySQL: ORDER BY useless?
How are deadlocks detected and reported in an RDBMS?
How does SQL Server control which users get automatically added to a new database?
Move Oracle data to and from MySQL with the help of PHP?
How do I restore a SQL backup, while excluding a specific table?
How to create rolling backups for SQL Server 2008 R2
How can I use a MySQL query in an openquery query on Microsoft SQL Server.?
Which database is best for deeply embedded database or through C DLL?
Database Tuning Advisor can't find tables across two databases
Schema designing for handling multiple payment gateways
How to check the status of SQL Server?
Cancel SQL Job execution make automatic rollback
Can SHOW TABLE STATUS query performance on MySQL be improved ? - Amazon RDS
MySQL connection count much larger than query count
Sql Server Index Data File Drive Location
Database growth causing issues sending backup over network
Innodb UPDATE performance
How to set up tns listeners for Multiple Oracle Installations on One machine
Overhead of DBMS_Profiler
Deadlock on Insert/Update
Reference a newly created computed column in the same query where we create it
Copying a subscribed database to the publisher server
mysql, changing tables from myisam to ndb
Postgresql 9 table lock resolution
Database Design: What is the best structure for storing site offices and locations?
shall I use multiple separete tables or one table with multiple partition on oracle
SSIS SQL Server 2008 errors
SQL Server database on an SSD - any advantage to a separate file for every table?
How do I determine why my stored procedure is getting deadlocked?
Is this procedure to Failover to Logshipped secondary and Fail back again procedure correct?
Start Windows Service If Replication Fails
PostgreSQL partitioning query performance inexplicably bad
How can I call a remote User Defined Function with Parameters?
Is there a restriction which prevents you from creating a user and a role with the same name?
Issue with CAST using linked servers (possible bug?)
Using Foreign Key and References for ON DELETE CASCADE in mysql
What is the difference between a SQL Login and a Database User in terms of security?
How to find out what is causing my Identity column to keep going up
What's a good tool for visualizing SQL Agent jobs?
Attempting to avoid SORT in query planner
Do agile software development approaches apply to SQL?
Merge Replication Large Table
Escaping a single quote in SQL Server
Is it safe to change the name of a database?
PostgreSQL Complete Database Backup
Managing schema changes between transactional and analytical databases
MySQL using trigger instead of check
map non unique attribute to a unique attribute
How can I prevent gaps in a MySQL table AUTO_INCREMENT field?
Usefulness of Foreign Key WITHOUT reference option
Separate Address Table, Latitude, Longitude
Two-sided UNIQUE INDEX for two columns
MySQL hang in load data infile command
Alternative of replication in internet disconnection period of time
Mirror log empty on primary but fine on the mirror
Installing Sphinx on Mac OS with XAMPP
Need help configuring Memcached to store values in MySQL Cluster
Postgres: trying to fix some unicode encoding issues
Is configuring Database mail considered as a security threat?
Right Distribution of Databases amongst Multiple Instances
What DML commands can be allowed / limited on a reporting server?
Postgres shared_buffers and pooled processes
oracle 11g seems to die every 2 days, how can i debug what's happening?
Database mirroring on Rackspace or Xeround
Number of locks exceeded when adding foreign key constraint
How much memory is a table taking up?
Treating certain Arabic characters as identical
Joining based on date (or date range)
How to use RESTRICT for Foreign Key in mysql?
What is the maximum number of parameters I can pass using the SQL IN clause in SQL server 2008 and SQL server 2000?
strategy for enabling a general query log on MySQL 5.0.95 with no restart?
Trouble setting up Postgres for the first time
Impact of changing schema name
Getting duplicate primary key for auto increment column
Using MSDTC in SQL Server 2008
How to export an ER diagram from an Oracle DB?
Clearing SQL Server 2005 event log
Is there a setting to force an error when asigning a varchar longer than a variable?
How can I determine who dropped a DB in SQL Server 2005 (and when)?
Temporary replication of data between continental datacenters
How to load more than one MS-Access-db tables with data in SQL-Server-DB
mysql out of available memory
Postgresql performed a "fast shutdown" by itself. Why? How was it able to do that?
PostgreSQL Failover - What tools should I use?
Jet OLEDB driver refuses to open a linked table where the original has a lock - any way to force this?
Update Postgres on server that already has version included with system
A few questions regarding Sql Server Utility
Error when tring to get lots of data
Storing massive amounts of data from a sensor array
how do I limit the characters in selected row and con-cat with '...'
Oracle: what permission is necessary to "grant create table" to another user?
How do I diagnose missing rows on a MySQL slave?
Is the "load data infile" command in MySQL unsafe in general, or just when using statement based replication?
Where and with what should I be looking for a good hardware backup tool?
What objective factors indicate it's time to implement SQL Server replication?
How can I import the contents of an Oracle database into Visio to create an Entity Relationship Diagram?
innodb_file_format Barracuda
Storing NULL Values in large VARCHAR fields
Create multiple files for each file group for table partitioning?
How to model double relationships?
Why can't I get a lock on an InnoDB table?
How is INDEX on Composite Primary Key in mysql?
How can I find who holds the lock based on the hex-dumped?
MySQL Cluster over WAN: Best Architecture Options?
InnoDB table SELECT returns ERROR 2006 (HY000): MySQL server has gone away (after power outage)
How to lock a Row while I'm using it
ParallelPeriod returning null for Feb. 29 in date dimension
Activity Monitor Showing Long Duration for WAITFOR
Found errors in table after executing DBCC CHECKTABLE command
Should I put the error handler inside the loop, or the loop inside the error handler?
Best practices for change management with indexes
Design the big data with mongo db
Get failed SQL Server agent job?
What will happen when a forum uses 24 char length as an URL ID?
How should I configure the RAID array of SSD drives on my SQL Server?
Table not getting created under dbo schema
Database growing like crazy - what do I do?
How to log verbose output from mysqldump?
Can I query stored procs in all databases with one query without dynamic sql
creating a table from a selection and then using group by - oracle sql
What server property makes TransactionScope escalating to MSDTC?
How can I move a MySQL database to another drive?
Unable to connect to MySQL cluster database
oracle - does this have the potential to cause a lock?
OCIEnvCreate failed to create environment handle after installing oracle_fdw
Repairing corrupt SQL Server database backup?
Can I use a Clob as a table key (from Java)?
Trace To the Error Log
How to backup a MySQL database without slowing the application?
Calculating disk space usage per MySQL DB
Soft delete: Copy row data to archive table when deleting
SQL Server 2000 to 2008 R2
MySQL replication fails due to duplicate keys after master is restarted
ORA-01034: ORACLE not available
How to install MySQL server on Mac (OS X 10.6.8) from command line?
Find old linked servers on a restored copy of master/msdb db
How can I restore a single record from a MySQL backup file?
Oracle "Import from Export Files" screen refusing both SYSADMIN and Normal users
What is this database dump format?
Entries disappeared, auto_increment also reversed, web app security vulnerability or DB Error?
Performance degradation after rebuilding indexes
Perform UNION ALL regardless of column order in the two joined tables
When you back up a database and scripts are running at the same time, at what point in time does the backup reflect?
How can this data be joined?
Tables with hierarchy: create a constraint to prevent circularity through foreign keys
How to detach corrupt database in SQL Server
Help with Query. Finding records that have the same relationships (MySQL)
Huge database logging of event type rows and ways to optimize it
Creating a table from variable names
Tombstone Table vs Deleted Flag in database syncronization & soft-delete scenarios
How to make sure that simultaneous INSERT and SELECT on one table won't make a deadlock?
Full-text index in partitioned table
How do I show warnings when loading data created from mysqldump?
SQL Server 2005 uses 1GB of RAM
Building a custom database in C with/without SQL?
alter table (mysql) adding column with default value of space (' ')
How to see the value of a variable being used in an sql statement during a server trace?
"Data truncated" vs "Incorrect string value"
How to install SQL Server 2008 R2 Profiler
Full Outer Join in MS Access
SQL Server Stored Procs not parameterized, leading to high compilations?
Impact of miss-ordered fields in a composite, clustered primary key?
getting error while installing memcached_function
How to find out which data I just imported into Oracle?
MySql - Read only on slave
Oracle Benchmarking (SQL_NO_CACHE ...)
What are the differences between Mirroring and Failover Clustering and when is each one recommended over the other?
stored procedure returns ERROR 1305 (42000): FUNCTION does not exist
Poor SQL Server performance when management studio closed
Database Design - Employee Clocking In and Out System
PostgreSQL: Trouble accessing another server's Data via NFS
parallelism repartitions, ordering, and hash matches
How does using separate schemas affect SQL Server 2008 performance?
Is there a performance hit by breaking out tables into different schemas in SQL Server?
Rows already DELETEd on MySQL slave; How to DELETE on master?
Definitive list of steps for SQL Server baseline testing?
Having trouble with Merge Join with SSIS
Oracle ash report
Common Table Expression (CTE) benefits?
How to change database owner for login and database created inside stored procedure?
When was data last inserted/updated/deleted in a table?
Can I move a system database from one version of SQL server to another?
Is it possible in a view to reference a linked server implicitly rather than explicitly?
~15 data sets w/ 25k rows & ~20 columns + quick  one time reports = Access VS SQL?
Should date formats be specified in SQL statements?
Triggers not being run on a partitioned table
Rolling changes to production databases
ACID-compliance of MySQL master-master replication?
DROP SCHEMA in db2
how to insert multiple columns(around 40) into my sql database using java
Table size and table partitioning on a single drive server
Can not add list partitions
use of signal for insert statement in mysql stored procedure
How should I store time series in mongodb
How much of a security risk are published conceptual schema?
Diagnose slow SQL in SQL Server
MySQL switch between data directories for individual databases
Is Tablespace something like Logical Volume?
Processing occasionally fails with "Unexpected end of file has occurred."
Most efficient way to get stats on an entire SQL Server database
Splitting a column in two and returning a summary of results
Design for storing data only applicable to a small subset of records
Error: Specified cast is not valid. (SqlManagerUI)
MySQL subquery slows down drastically, but they work fine independently
Cannot get a message to go to a SQL Server Service Broker Queue
Does an IOT guarantee order in a select?
Deny view definition at DB level and symmetric keys
Oracle: UTL_RAW.BIT_OR(2,1) gives me 2 instead of 3. Why?
sql server - could not allocate space for object
do user_scans and no user_seeks mean the index is useless?
How can i model this data
MySQL replication risks for the master
SQL Server: query performance (search 2 million rows)
Keeping MySQL staging database on same server updated from production
Odd SQL Server Studio error, but not on SQL Server Express?
What does a DBA have to know about SSAS?
Sql Server Full Text Search one table for text values in another table
SQL Server "empty table" is slow after deleting all (12 million) records?
Guidance on simplifying the following diagram
What are some key configuration settings for using an InnoDb table for session storage?
How to get actually allocated tablespace size by each postgres database?
Is a process created in Oracle for every SQL statement?
How to recover the suspect mode database in SQL Server 2008?
Is (and if how) it possible in Oracle to "insert into <table> values <rowtype-variable>" if <table> has virtual columns
Access Data that is stored in Primary FileGroup On SQL Server through DBLinks on Oracle
What does a SQL Server DBA need to know about Windows Server?
SQL Server R2 and HyperThreading - Max Worker Threads and performance
Keeping an eye on contention
SQL Query Against Previous SQL Query Results
What does Threads_connected=-1 signify in MySQL?
What is this host?
Execute Stored Procedure against CMS from within a SQL Server Agent job
A join aggregate behaviour I can't understand
Do you know an easy way to generate one record for each hour of the past 12 hours?
ODBC Connection As Clustered Resource
how do I model this in database?
Linking identifiers across tables in MySQL (Foreign Keys)
Upgrade to SQL Server 2008 R2 Standard with Mirroring (1 Thread Limit)
How to retrieve the definition behind statistics added to tables
Restore bak file to smaller mdf and ldf database files
How to import the data of postgres 8.x to postgres 9.x
How do query notifications detect changes in the query result?
index not being used
Where does a type specific field go?
MySQL chain replication
performance of multi field primary key or 'contrived' 'semi artificial' key
Dropping unique constraint on PostgreSQL table taking 10+ hours
Are there any fully declarative implementations of SQL
can I copy-paste SQL Server 2005 Express on XP Pro or Vista machine and make it work without installer?
Can mysql restore a single table from a large mysqldump?
Nonclustered Index Insert
PostgreSQL Scheduled Database Backup
Interpreting SQL Server's Showplan XML
What are Objective Business Reasons to Prefer SQL Server 2012 over 2008 R2?
Relational database: in-RAM partitioning? Theoretical structure discussion
How to automatically stagger transaction log shipping to minimize bandwidth usage peaks?
decrypt/get sql user password
How to use psql with no password prompt?
Transfer ERD between Databases on SQL Server
Getting the value of 'foo' for the closest previous row with higher 'bar'
How do I prevent updates on an entire table (but allow inserts) in Mysql 5.5?
Lock Pages in Memory for SQL Server
How should I Schedule SQL Server 2008 queries to run every month?
Query logical processing phases while mixing old and new join syntax
Recommended plugin for SQL server 2008
Where to learn advanced SQL coding
Best way to compare strings using pre-built ngrams?
Finding five-minute interval prior to current time
How many rows were copied from table
What is the replacement for EXEC sp_dboption <dbname> in SQL Server 2012?
access columns returned by psql from bash
SQL SERVER Storage of TinyInt
Performance settings for MyISAM tables - keep everything in memory
SQL Server Storage sql_variant
Multiple databases, in multiple geographic locations while preserving PostgreSQL triggers and data consistency
Can you explain this execution plan?
How to identify columns order in a table
stack data into a single column
Best pratice to store dates group by months-year key par value
What is the meaning of n_live_tup and n_dead_tup in pg_stat_user_tables
Difference between SSAS 2005 and SSAS 2008
Read mysql config (my.cnf) using mysql console
Configuring SQL Server profiler
Opening a .backup file for PostgreSQL
Connecting to SQL Server 2008 on windows server 2008
How to drop variable in SQL Server
Natural (numeric) sort on string
Are foreign keys better than indexes?
Entity relationship many to many
SQL Server Management Studio .bak files
Adding Timestamp to Exported Filename in SQL Server Management Studio
General strategy for updating a full text search index
Move (Restore) SQL Server 2005 database which does not exist before
can I get SQL Server to choose between a table and a view?
Preventing replication of alter table command to change engine
MySQL ignoring index, index cardinality is the same as number of records in the table (?!)
Test if any columns are NULL
Single field instead of several fields
PostgreSQL WAL Archiving: Does having archive_mode set to 'on' without copying logs cause performance issues?
How to set a specific directory location for individual MySQL database?
Oracle build_plan_xml visualizer
Is it possible to edit sys.messages texts?
How to determine if a column is the first part of an index?
Declaring cursor to loop over some values in SQL Server 2008 R2
Optimizing IP Range Search?
MySQL UPDATE to replace text in LONGTEXT field
What's difference between standard view and indexed view in SQL Server
oracle - list users with access to certain tables
How to Get the Sum (total) of a column in a query result set
why does my clustered index scan have ordered = false
Which SQL Server system database is more important: master or resource?
If i issue a rollback when recovery mode is bulk logged, will my bulk operations be rolled back?
Synchronising databases / database technologies
Data - Changes Audit Trail
Records in table not showing on form Access 2007
Just how much is a query supposed to slow down the whole system?
Views - Indexes/Keys/Execution Plans
DBCC CHECKDB firing every 20 - 60 seconds
How do you structure a database that organizes post by location like craigslist?
How to qualify variable inside trigger body (PL/SQL )?
Merging Results while avoiding Key Constraint Error?
Upgrade postgres without messing with ports?
How to identify fragmentation level of the table data itself not the table indexes, and then defrag
CREATE DATABASE vs. CREATE ANY DATABASE permissions
Why is SQL Server 2008R2 using more memory than the "max server memory" setting?
Triggers and the Transaction
PostgreSQL versus MySQL for EAV structures storage
Why are these queries slow in some environments and not others? Can we fix their performance?
How do you structure a database that allows for groups to be formed/added by users and also be a part of like facebook?
MySQL table with multiple values in one field
Milliseconds to datetime
Update Statistics Maintenance Plan - Ambiguous column name error
pg_upgrade fails with an unspecified error
Dropping and recreating indexes for performance reasons?
Cursor doesn't print text when I tell it to
What's the difference between functions and stored procedures?
Are there any performance benefits to using a hash table with no clustered index?
Which is the most efficient way to run a particular select query?
How to change a user's name in SQL Server 2000?
How to set datadir to different values based on the hostname in my.cnf?
How do I get a list of all the partitioned tables in my database?
Microsoft SQL server 2008 and linked servers
How to initiate MySQL on Mac OS X 10.6.8?
Change length of varchar on live prod table
Can Oracle SQL developer export data as a set of Update commands?
Installing Oracle XE 11gR2 on Fedora 15 - linux group permission deadlock
Product of n Rows
MySQL row length is almost the triple of what I expect
Why does my heap not fill its pages completely while an identical clustered index can fill to m_freeCnt = 0?
Can I mysqldump an entire database while using where='condition' on individual tables?
MySql recommended hardware
Can a clustered index with low cardinality cause deadlocks?
Data Base Administration Oracle vs MySql?
Oracle Discoverer like app native for SQL Server?
Using Oracle client to connect to remote database
Keep original column names in SSRS report designer 3.0?
Getting ratio of reads to writes on SQL Server
Creating Archiving database for old data in MySQL
How do I preserve the leading zeros when I insert a number into this table?
Slot Array and Total Page Size
PostgreSQL: Unable to run repmgr cloned database
Howto use Windows Authentication with SQL Server 2008 Express on a workgroup network?
Transactional Replication - table does not have the identity property
Problem with Error: InnoDB: page ... log sequence ... number is in the future!
SSRS set datasource of report model
Computed column with less size than the "referring column"
Reindexing a large database
How can I check if the keys are enabled on a MyISAM table?
What is the impact of large varchar data types on indexing?
Dual management node for mysql clustering
Why do MySQL tables crash? How do I prevent it?
Is my ER Diagram correct? Why use relationships?
Postgres multiple joins slow query, how to store default child record
Out-of-sync Replication in Sql Server
Tutorial for installing and setting up 'streaming replication' with PostgreSQL on Windows XP
Why does it take a long time to drop a function based index in Oracle?
How to query the names of encrypted stored procedures?
Remove sub-string from WHERE clause
Can I be automatically notified of prolonged blocking in SQL server?
Install SQL Server 2008 Express on same machine as normal SQL Server 2008 install?
Why is mysqlhotcopy slower compared to rsync?
Tips for using DML Statements
Correct SQL Server linked server connection settings to MySQL that will allow inserts
how to use "mysqld -O thread_stack=#"
Why does my SQL Server database triple in size after deleting millions of records?
Reindex Task Failing Randomly
Update existing data with excel import
What should be checked after an Oracle migration
Using N-Tier in Business Intelligence
Querying a big database
Review Technical ETL process for knowledge management
Disable automatic login in pgAdmin
Using multiple cores for single MySQL queries on Debian
Why aren't primary key / foreign key matches used for joins?
SQL Server 2008, cpu 100% until recreate an index
Is there a reason/benefit I am not aware of for this kind setup?
Speed up search across multiple columns
How to propagate a grandparent relationship throughout a tree?
what are the checklist when looking at MySQL database for first time?
changing a range into discrete values for a field in oracle
What is an audit table?
Comparing Columns that can contain NULLS - is there a more elegant way?
Replication and REPAIR TABLE
"freeing items" taking forever on inserts, updates and deletes
Inventory database structure when inventory items have varying attributes
Sensible data management tool for importing and exporting of large data files
Why is the output of this query being returned like this?
Right Tool for Data Mapping in Relation to Business Intelligence
select for update gives error on indexed column
SQL Server 2008 R2 Express with management tools installation failure
Recommended Data profiling tool for BI developer
Why is LIKE more than 4x faster than MATCH...AGAINST on a FULLTEXT index in MySQL?
DATETIME2 and IDENTITY as composite key
How should I distribute my tables for better performance from fragmentation point of view
How do we create spatial index on views if it is possible?
Upgrade SQL Server database Using Compatibility Level
Very small MySQL table keeps crashing
100 TeraBytes Capacity Database - Resources and Time Estimates
Running each SQL Server service under different Windows accounts
Create a new column in a view and assign it a data type
SQL on Mac OS X
What happens to non clustered index when included column is updated using update statement?
getting error while starting memecached service with ndb engine
How to do a case sensitive search in WHERE clause?
Big size of database logs SQL Server 2008
Large accounting table, best way to partitioning by two dates
How are binlogs updated for MySQL temporary tables?
Why does a query run slower in a Stored Procedure than in the Query window?
How to apply a theme to SQL Server Management Studio 2008?
Resolving frequent LGWR switch events recorded in Event log with heavy dblink/materialized view activity - Oracle 11g XE
Monumental difference in execution time between queries when using RECOMPILE query hint
SQL Server Activity Monitor - Resource Waits - Logging > 1400 ms/sec, how?
Linked servers login failure: Impersonate works, Username/password fails
Is there a way to grant a user access to only all non system views of database?
How do I fix this corrupted page?
How to dump an advanced revelation database?
Should I use DynamoDB or stick with MySQL via webservice for my mobile app syncs
SQL Server: in what situation can snapshot restore be blocked after SET SINGLE_USER?
Reverse engineer Oracle database in visio
How to recover the innodb when mysql data dir moved from one system to another system?
Copy SQL table to other server identity becomes int
Would appreciate some advice on using external data with SQL Server 2005
Why is an aggregate query significantly faster with a GROUP BY clause than without one?
IDENTITY_INSERT seems stuck
Can you recover to a point in time using the LDF?
Modelling an E-R diagram for a Pizza place database, need help representing the payment method for the customer
Difference between table fillfactor and index fillfactor
Why is this Full Outer Join not working?
Sql Server 2008 Database server Minimum Requirements
Equivalent of include clause while creating non clustered index in sybase?
optimal table design mysql with primay key and varchar value
ALTER TABLE SWITCH statement failed
Is it safe to delete dummy tables Oracle 11g XE
How long does it take for Oracle Flashback Database to restore the data?
Using slash in MySQL database
How to export mysql database based on a where condition
Are many NULL columns harmful in mysql InnoDB?
Notification mail not sent on failure
Restoring a database is not working
What is an appropriate datatype for an RFID, and is there a standard definition for the format?
Recovering logical space from a tablespace
Does the SQL Server optimizer inline function calls in stored procedures?
How can I add a rowversion column to a large table with minimal downtime
Copy huge amount from 1 table to other
Total locking time
Are Views optimized when I add a WHERE clause to them?
how to design movies with show times database structure
How do I get the execution plan for a view?
SQL Server: How can I read server-side traces with limited permission?
Sum values from two tables ORACLE
Update and select concurrently running on same set of rows but different indexes are referred?
SQL Server 2008 R2 Express high insert slowdown possibly due to PAGEIOLATCH_SH
Using Foreign Keys in database
Where should you define foreign keys?
What type of datastore should I use for high volume time series data?
Sort buffers and tables on disk, MySQL/InnoDB
How to combine UNION and INNER JOIN?
Error installing Microsoft SQL server 2008 R2 with tools! Error code
data driven subscriptions in SSRS - pulling a password value from the database
Is one-to-one relationship normalized?
How to install MySQL 5.1 on Ubuntu 10.10?
Anyone Know of Some Desktop Software that Searches an SQL server for a String
Postgres full text search with multiple columns, why concat in index and not at runtime?
Rounding of SMALLMONEY Data Type in SQL Server 2005
Trouble With Database Permissions for sp_send_mail
Import Oracle full dump file to fresh Oracle installation
Rights needed to see database files in Properties dialog?
MySQL import csv only gets half the lines
How can I limit MySQL connections?
What's a good (free) client for MySQL on Windows?
Data migration between databases in the same instance
Need suggestion for placing foreign keys in the databases
Why does MySQL choose this execution plan?
Replicate RDS-MySQL to a non-amazon host?
Where can I download older versions of Oracle Instantclient?
SQL Server 2008 Installation pointers for optimizing Performance and Scalability
Chart creation in BIDS 2008
Data from two table in SQL server 2008 R2
SQL Server asks for 100GB for a dump with 1GB
Working of window functions and idea window size for window function
Data base structure of a subscriber list
MySQL Locks while CREATE TABLE AS SELECT
Create table statement in MYSQL
do partitions make sense when dates are not involved?
Transaction independent writes inside a trigger
Does the order of keys in compound Primary key make any difference?
Performance Inserting and Updating Millions of rows into a table
Designing An ACL Based Permission System
Behavior of data in indexes based on fill factor
Running different instances of SQL Server from different networks on one box
What is the signifigance of a fillfactor of 20?
Return a fully dynamic table from an Oracle function
Get notified when SQL Server 2008 Audit Server logs something?
Postgres synchronized backup - what's with the archive?
How can I create different sets of sequential values based on another column in a table?
apache hang on deadlock
Understanding block sizes
How should an object that can reference an object of multiple types be modeled in a relational schema?
Update statement errors, parenthesis, failed validation ORACLE
How to store and query products the price of which depends on a complex set of conditions?
What does 'ibfk' stand for in MySQL?
Why does InnoDB store all databases in one file?
Creating UUID extension as the non super privileged user
How to display database structure in phpMyAdmin?
Speeding Up Querying Views
What factors prevent and delay TRUNCATE command?
export SQL statements from Oracle 11g database via command line
Look for software that can convert sql (mysql) to erd
Difference in between HAS MANY and BELONGS TO in Yii framework
How to increase the amount of memory sql server uses on the server?
Error with Oracle trigger, invalid identifier
How to get a unique highscore per user
What is the optimal way to select the parent and child rows on a table with a self-relationship?
Is UNIQUE(), INDEX() different from UNIQUE INDEX()?
SQL database with temporal data
Differences between "Unique Key" and "Primary Key"
3 Databases, Best Replication Setup?
Replicate SQL Data Inside Firewall to Outside Firewall - Suggestions
Limit results to the first 2 ranking rows
Check against multiple duplicate records
Does Snapshot Isolation only give you what has been commited? (And General Snapshot Isolation questions.)
How to use ON DUPLICATE KEY for UPDATE
Percona vs MySQL
SQL query slow-down from 1 second to 11 minutes - why?
SQL Server 2000 DTS package, filter rows using stored procedure returned date
When are InnoDB table index statistics updated?
Why is this MySQL proc using cursors failing to retrieve results?
Setting Alerts for Autogrow
Elegant way of sending e-mails with Service Broker
"Table of Constants" - is this common practice?
Import and Export database in Mongo just like MySQL
Master-Master Replication in MySQL
Are existing entries immediately included into a newly created index?
How to recover SA account password without restoring it?
SQL DB design to support user feeds (in application like facebook)
What is different bettween Cassandra NoSQL data model and SQL data model
Difference in between MySQL affected num rows and num rows
How to search for an ID and its descendants in this query?
Storing date as integer (numeric), what are the advantages
Adding Row Version to SQL Server table
MySQL performance on Mac vs Linux
Recommendations on creating user-objects on system database
Cast NTEXT to INT for calculation and comparison
migrating from SQL server 2005 to 2008
What is WITH QUERY EXPANSION MODE in MySQL Fulltext Search
How to create a Job for Merge Replication?
Does the order of columns has a significant effect on INSERT?
Requirement of SQL Server 2008
what does SHOW /*!50000 GLOBAL */ STATUS do ?
Storing Changes To Records
How do I manage column order when using PL/SQL's %ROWTYPE records?
querying a linked PostgreSQL database in SQL Server 2008
SQL - double column used from primary key with autoincrement
some SQL Server MSX targets show as Normal, Blocked
SQL Server 2012 backward compatibility for backups with 2008
SSRS: how to handle unavailability of service when datawarehouse is being rebuilt
How to maintain referential integrity of an object graph when a node is deleted
MySQL SBR vs RBR
Update many rows in a table with a single statement?
How should I update ID field values for all records based on previous values?
memcached service stopped unexpectedly
Where can I find a good tutorial or book for various MySQL performance guidelines?
ORA-01017: invalid username/password; logon denied
How to create oracle linked server in oracle server itself?
Oracle explain for cascading delete is wrong
Why does Oracle keep working on MySQL 5.1
How to free up disk space? which logs/directories to clean?
Synchronize MySQL databases between local and hosted servers
PostgreSQL 9 'pgstats wait timeout' problem
Handling newsletter mail subscribers data
Why did Postgres UPDATE take 39 hours?
Are resource_semaphore_query_compile waits causing 100% CPU on server?
Restoring a DB issues
Storing prices in SQLite, what data-type to use?
Atrocious performance joining INSERTED and DELETED tables in a trigger
Sql Server 2008 Replication "Generate Scripts" option not available
drastically different runtimes in BIDS and the SSRS Web Portal
Acceptable size for MS Access Database?
How to create Sql Server login for a domain account?
SQL Query to get last day of every week
No luck trying out Firebird 3.0
Maintenance Plan Takes Too Long - Locks Tables - Indexing To Blame
How to set indexes on a table with a FILESTREAM ROWGUID?
How do I recreate a deleted logfile on an Oracle database?
Maintaining referential integrity in a booking system
How do I auto-fill data in Microsoft Access 2003?
Why does the fill factor in SQL Server default to 0 (100%)?
"show create table" output with out "show"?
Spatial data modelling tools
User Rights - Database Security
How do oracle date time work?
How to toggle a boolean field by sql in postgresql?
How to convert a MySQL database to PostgreSQL?
Order by sub select
Have less tables with a lot of data or a number of tables with smaller amounts of data?
Redesigning a multi-instance MySQL server for performance and resiliency
InnoDB - How to get top locked tables and rows which are locked
Reduce Size of SYSAUX
DB2 Express-C on Mac OS X
mySQL query optimisation  multiple joins or select  where not in (select distinct)?
Editing built-in templates in Management Studio
OVERLAPS for Informix
Group_by and having vs Joins when table is self joined 5-6 times
Bit vs. Boolean columns
Commercial database systems versus open source database systems
Cannot connect to DB2 database after restoring an offline backup
ProcessID Owner with third party app
Log Custom SQL Results During Maintenance Plan
Will removing a 2nd log file break log shipping?
migrating tables from Postgres to SQL Server 2008
Execute a script with SQLPlus containing blanks, semi-colons, and forward slashes
SQL Server equivalent to MySQL UNIQUE index?
Is there a performance benefit to placing transaction log files on a separate drive?
SQL query to INFORMATION_SCHEMA.TABLES to only return those I have select access to
Can I Set The Value of App_Name() AFTER Login?
psql won't list databases
Error creating linked database to oracle
how to GROUP BY on specific column and COUNT() the other columns?
How to deny drop permission for a table?
Rank Partition?
InnoDB row locking - how to implement
Upgrade process from SQL Server 2000 to SQL Server 2012
How can I identify when to create a new table to hold data that can be obtained from a query?
Upper or Lower Case Optimisation on MS SQL Server
MySQL slow log configuration
Dimension Help - Deciding Fact or Dimension
Do I need a separate Id column for this "mapping" table?
What do these statements mean in the MS  exam 70-461 "skills measured" list?
Oracle Shutdown Method
How to grant access for multiple tables to a user in MySQL DB?
SQLConnections 100 + instance problem in database
Mysql int vs varchar as primary key (InnoDB Storage Engine?
Master-Slave Database. How to activate a secondary database whenever the primary database is down?
Is innodb_file_per_table advisable?
SQL Join slower than subquery on View with a Function
Foreign key constraints with MySQL/InnoDB
Designing a database for a site that stores content from multiple services?
Is business intelligence (BI) primarily a technical project or a business project?
Request suggestion for a database between MySQL and Postgresql
How to prevent redundant relationships in data?
Does the order of columns in a columnstore index matter?
MySQL CLuster SETUP
User Rights - Can alter Sp's but not tables
How to use the 'select benchmark' command on a procedure
Oracle RAC on Virtual machine
SQL Server Restore DB from MDF file, lost LDF and DB was not cleanly shutdown
Error while creating index in SQL Azure
SQL 2008 Developer Edition, not using all CPUs
Running an SSIS package owned by a domain user from SQL Server running on a local service account
SQL Server 2012 data striping
Delete all highscores from a certain country
Proper Design for Datamart Invoice
Query results in a strange explain output
DTC in SQL server 2008 R2 Clustering
How do I delete rows from a table on a linked server
Link-table(s) vs Redundant Columns?
Silent truncation of last character when using SSIS with Oracle
Move data from one table to other in batch's
Get multiple columns from a select subquery
How to change ANSI_NULLS option for a table?
Is there any way to clear all tables using Liquibase?
Checking if the query is made async or sync on SQL Server 2008 R2
How to scale my SQL Server 2008?
If I SET ARRAYSIZE 1 in SQL*Plus, the records are still fetched in pairs. Why?
Union of Columns
Survey database design: associate an answer to a user
Management Studio 2012 Backward Compatibility
oracle tablespace character set
Why are periodic restarts required to keep my instance performing well?
Are SQL Server Database writes slower with Snapshot Isolation?
Is this an appropriate development environment MySQL backup strategy?
Using SSIS to get record counts for tables that may not exist
Copy a SQL Server 2000 database to another box without interrupting the backup chain
How can I set the index fill factor back to server default?
Oracle's Merge v. Select->Update/Insert
Web application using SQL Server 2008 starts hanging
time executing inserts + slow SSH
PostgreSQL synchronized commit performance
Compare a date and a timestamp with time zone with now() in the same query?
Distribute MySQL in different cities?
What is the best identifier for a UserID?  64 bit integers, UUID V5,  or 64 character SHA256 UID?
Is it possible to virtually vertical partition and oracle database table?
Linked servers: Transaction context in use by another session
Choosing the right field data type in SQL Server 2008
Seconds Behind Master in Cloud Service
querying multiple values from one column
CROSS APPLY-ing a parameterised function
Survey database design: first version. Are there errors?
How to make a union view execute more efficiently?
Add columns Query With parameters
Are there any benefits in certain ordering of columns when defining indexes
Measuring the relative performance of queries given the assertion that "cost" isn't reliable
Should I use the Infobright database or is there a better aggregation solution?
SQL Server cluster failover
Distribution database compatibility level
Most efficient (or meaningful) way to index grid-based data
Initial recovery Postgres with backup in sync commit mode
Discover SQL Time on Oracle10g
How does innodb_stats_on_metadata relate to query execution plan stability?
"No such interface supported" after upgrading SourceSafe project to 2012 SSMS format.
How to connect to remote PostgreSQL server
What are the security implications of sp_executesql?
Beginner design of biological sampling database
sdo_tune.quality_degradation returning negative values
MySQL cache is not getting hit by subqueries
PostgreSQL Database Migration
CTE Running in Infinite Loop
Unique index corrupted SQL. Select query returns single row but create unique index fails
Database choices for big data
SQL Server 2008 R2 - Set tempDB size on full disk
How to create a train schedule in SQLite3?
What is the easiest way to use a SQL Server backup to retrieve just a few rows?
INSERT statements in a transaction and locking a range of rows
How Does Oracle Handle Multiple Concurrent INSERTs Against One Table
Microsoft Access constrain view by date in outer query
Is it normal to use many Triggers?
MySQL Conversion to DATE Type
What units used in DBA_TABLESPACE_USAGE_METRICS?
slow index scan on postgresql 9.1
Exporting SQL Server 2008 R2 Activity Monitor Log
sp_ExecuteSQL, performance and table variables
Trying to optimize query for performance (MySQL)
Creat Temporary Id in SQL Statement
How to speed up audit trigger?
Concept to keep track of changes in all tables
Best practices in securing Oracle Standard edition one
How to assign CTRL+F1 to sp_whoisactive in ssms 2012?
SQL ServerRecovery Model Change Tracking
Optimization: One time vs Staging
Joins in MySQL database
InnoDB UPDATE slow need a better option
MySQL case sensitive table names on Linux
PHP -> Mysql persistent connection pooling WITHOUT mysql_pconnect - Possible?
encoding format of multilingual text while saving to database
Change-set SQL optimization
How to make MySQL 5.1 connection ignore kills?
Why using innodb_file_per_table?
Making the Oracle optimizer use a virtual column to find out about a partition
What are the canonical NoSQL resources for people who never used this technology?
How not to distribute reads in pgpool
Mysql users deleted
if-clause in select query
pg_relation_size does not show any difference after VACUUM ANALYZE
Sql Server 2008 database is suspected
Changing ANSI_NULLS setting on a table
how to see multiple column values in new line
I couldn't compile this little query (needs 2 tables)(mysql)
how to query multiple row data in single column in oracle?
Not able to attach database file without transaction log file
How can I detect broken stored procedures after a schema change?
Is there any performance difference among MariaDB (xtradb plugin) and XtraDB Server for InnoDB?
What to use, CASCADE DELETE rule or ON DELETE trigger for one to many constraint?
2NF decomposition + database normalization
upgrading sql server 2000 database to sql server 2012
New table or new column
Availability Strategies in MS SQL Server 2008
What is the performance difference between local text index and domain text index in oracle?
Disk performance causing SQL Server Command Timeout?
How do I design a database for continents, countries, regions, cities and POIs?
Unit testing with InnoDB transactions
How expensive are SELECT FROM LIKE statements from a design perspective?
Log to record activity against a database
How to sync two MySQL high load tables with 10M rows?
Cross-database call fails in a job but succeeds in SSMS
One query two MySQL servers
Solution to error NID-00135 in Oracle 10g, Solaris 10
Repair with keycache in mysql runs EVERY time. Can't even log why it's happening
How can I remove an index scan from a SQL Server SELECT statement?
send jobs via psql asynchronously
How to INSERT row in another database/schema in MySQL
Unable to telnet to port 1433 in SQL Server clustered instance?
Reinitializing Subscription Performance
why can I only install MySQL 5.1 on cent OS 6.2?
Slave settings not working
Cluster communication - SQL Server Failover Cluster
SQL Server Database Mail failing to send emails with error Sender address rejected: Access denied
Can I replicate views with Slony?
Improve performance for my plsql block
Strange behaviour with MySQL 5.1 TO_DAYS partitioning schema
MySQL flush logs, unknown error
How do you remove fragmentation from InnoDB tables?
Prevent Data Sources from being deployed outside designated folder
Is there a benefit/drawback to adding LIMIT 0,1 when performing SELECT on unique key field?
Why isn't the following query using the `always` index?
SQL Data type for "Reference" fields in table - SQL Server
Activity Monitor showing long duration for WAITFOR RECEIVE
SQL Server Clustering for HA combined with Log Shipping for DR
how to use database mail from SSIS
mysql products db design
Correcting the imported latin1 data to be utf8
When to use views in MySQL?
Is there any benefit to having one sql server login for multiple users?
pg_restore: [archiver] unsupported version (1.11) in file header postgresql
See actual results of SQL UPDATE command
How can I write a proper query to JOIN all of these tables without duplicates?
What's the difference between a temp table and table variable in SQL Server?
Mysql: Insert performance INNODB vs MYISAM
Microsoft SQL Server 2008 encryption over multiple DB versions
Cannot GRANT privileges as root
Model a family tree database in Access 2007
Materialized view taking too much time
USING construct in JOIN clause can introduce optimization barriers in certain cases?
Manage select results in sql
How to restructure this slow query
Error when load db dump (cross platform)
How to drop all connections to a specific database without stopping the server?
Has Replication Stalled?
What does NVL stand for?
RSync Database File Deltas in SQL Server 2008
Optimizing ORDER BY in a full text search query
Can I store half of a record on one page and half of the record on another page?
Will an ALTER TABLE ADD COLUMN on a slave break replication?
SQL Calculation based on 'similar' rows within table
How to compare (in MySQL) a DATETIME value to a TIMESTAMP value?
Join on clustered tables shows greater cost than non-clustered tables?
SSAS 2000 vs 2008 Cube processing times
MySQL: Why is DATEDIFF and TIMEDIFF/60.0/60.0/24.0 results different?
PowerShell error for installation SQL Server 2012 RTM Developer on Windows 7 X64
Convert a Unix timestamp to a DATETIME in a View
What is the use of creating full text catalog in full text indexing
Can't connect to Analysis Services or Reporting Services on localhost
horizontal partitioning or multiple tables?
Is there any way to get the position of a value in a table returned by a SELECT statement?
async_network_io issues with BIDS
Cassandra cqlsh browser queries possible only in bytes
Is it correct, order of where clause doesn't matter when it is used with join?
What is the preferred method to roll out updates to hundreds of databases
How can I select using the same fields from an undetermined number of tables using MySQL?
How can I change three hundred procedures at once?
High Disk I/O from sql server or is High disk I/O slowing sql server?
Tracking stored procedure usage
What is the name of this schema pattern
In trying to setup back up device, net use command throws operating system error 53 when passing in a unc
Oracle: DB *partial* constraint?
SELECT with large WHERE IN clause taking long time
How to determine the size of a SQL Server database for a specific date in the past?
Mysql Innodb: InnoDB: ERROR: the age of the last checkpoint is InnoDB: which exceeds the log group capacity
MySQL Workbench ERROR 1064
Oracle SQL Loader - load file where record is composed of "n" delimiters
Subqueries' aliases same as main queries' aliases
What's the point of WHERE 1=2 for SELECT INTO table query
What happens when InnoDB hits its tablespace autoextend max?
Setting up database structure for Students, Managers, and Administrators
Scalar function used in calculated column, what's the cleanest way to update the function?
Implementing an encrypted table in SQL Azure
collection partitioning in mongodb
The sort column must be the last column used in the index - MongoDB Indexing Advice
Do I need SQL_NO_CACHE for write intensive query?
How can I select the latest record having one state where no later records exist with any other state?
Concurrency with Select-conditional Insert/Update/Delete - PostgreSQL
Supertype/Subtype deciding between category: complete disjoint or incomplete overlapping
How to avoid listing FIELD/IN twice?
How can I move LOB_DATA ( varbinary/image/text) to different Filegroups
What normal form does a surrogate key violate?
Postgres Client - save table sorting
City Distance Map Database Design
My SQL 5.6.4 DATETIME column milliseconds is not getting stored
One table or several tables?
How does MySQL coerce types during joins?
Cannot Check if the Access Database Engine is Installed and Configured
Service Broker & AlwaysOn Availability Groups: Odd Transmission Queue Behavior
GUID as reason for MySQL import slowness
file not found - how to remove its configuration?
Using an RDBMS for querying tens of Terabytes of time-series data?
What exactly is binding in DB2?
How do I troubleshoot loss of connection with SQL server
Table order in Join Query
What are the design alternatives when having multiple "type" tables
Which Optimistic Concurrency Control method will work out best in the long run?
Select total number of records from common table expression
Prevent reset of auto_increment id in Innodb database after server restart
Migrating data in SQL Server from source to target with schema change at target
Managing features for a real estate agency
Index on primary key not used in simple join
Sql Server Resource Governor - track IO
Why do people recommend not using the name "Id" for an identity column?
Index fragmentation while continuously processing
How to control the excessive use of ram by SQL Server?
SQL Server Merge Replication - Safely shrink transaction log
SQL Server 2008 R2 - VLDB Backup Strategies
Difference between backup methods: Oracle and MySQL
Human relations between users
SQL Server 2008 R2 .mdfs write protected
Select rows where value of second column is not present in first column
Why might a table scan have a huge I/O Cost?
Is SELECT COUNT GROUP BY more efficient than counting a result set?
Attach database from SQL Express 2008 Edition to SQL Server 2008 Enterprise Edition
Data Backup and Restoring the same if requried in SQL SERVER 2008
How can I generate Cassandra data model from a MySQL schema?
FILESTREAM is enabled, but I get a message that it's not. Anyone able to help?
Automation of backups of Large Number of Database
Impact of using mirroring to migrate between SQL Server 2005 and SQL Server 2008 R2
Sum values at a group level rather than detail
Can I create a second filestream container on an existing SQL Server 2008 database without going offline?
ORA-39142: incompatible version number 3.1 error work-around
MongoDB working set size on capped collection larger than capped collection size?
LEFT JOIN conversion to INNER JOIN, can't change FROM clause
MySQL : Does 'bytes_sent' and 'bytes_received' include mysqldump data?
Which should be used after messing up clustered index? Update statistics, Reindex or Reorganize
Get minute part from time data type
moving large number of tables to different filegroups
Identifying rows which don't match a master row
MySql Database solution for specific web app problem
Is there a standard approach to rolling out database schema changes?
Script to query multiple instances
REBUILD - Clustered Index, TABLE, or both?
SQL JOIN Syntax in MS SQL
How do I create logins for all database users in a database that was just restored for a different server?
where clause short circuit? (sybase)
MySQL Server is Restarting automatically after some minutes
SQL Server - server-side tracing
Handling growing number of Tenants in Multi-tenant Database Architecture
Get Total in a single line in SQL Server
MySql - Clean ibdata1
MySQL suddenly running very very slowly
What's the latest on MySQL Proxy?
How do I query only for committed data while avoid a deadlock
How do I run a large script with many inserts without running out of memory?
Should I use table hints with a process-keyed table?
Autogrowth and Merge Replication
How to change the create and use statement in a large sql file without opening it
Is there a quickish, straighforward way to measure Transactions Per Second on SQL Server 2000?
Oracle Databases - need to export nightly for backup/DR purposes
PostgreSQL 9.1 Hot Backup Error: the database system is starting up
Allow a user to create folders and linked reports, but not "real" reports
create more logs in Mysql, pros and cons?
Normalization: Should common columns of two tables be pulled out into a third table?
ERwin Data Modeler Support
oracle crash with ORA-00942: table or view does not exist
For MySQL, is there tool to dump a set of rows from one tables and all related (by foreign key) rows from all related tables?
Overloaded Database - Batch Updates vs Atomic/Single Updates
Optimisation Newbie: How much of a 'sin' is redundancy?
Checking when a row was inserted into a table on SQL Server?
MySQL Table level Replication
Why is 'LOAD DATA INFILE' faster than normal INSERT statements?
Can we use SQL Express to send messages to SQL Standard using the Service Broker?
Why keeps Oracle writing into WARNING_SETTINGS$?
SQL Server 2005 Percent Log Used Alert fires too fast?
Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2 Subscriptions
Recalculate Time Dimension in BIDS
changing Virtual IP interface names on RAC nodes - how to reconfigure
Are problems with parallelism more common today? What issues can arise from parallelism?
restore database from dmp file
Design question about student assessment data
Is there a name for this "restricted one to many" relationship? Can it be enforced in the DB?
Data type for currency 'type' column, e.g. usd, cat, etc.
How can you have two auto-incremental columns in one table?
List all database containing table and value
Mysql 5.1.X How to upload data from dump file without the partitioning commands?
Why am i getting deadlocks with 1 read and 1 write thread in SQL
mysql 5.5 corrupt - missing temporary table
SQL Server consuming all my CPU
bad bind variable in trigger
Do auto created statistics indicate that you should build an index?
restore table from .frm and .ibd file?
MongoDB: Should I combine fields for performance in limited circumstances
Selecting large data set on windows and linux
MySQL Cluster Node Connections
Analyzing TCB Index Status for DB2
Copy snapshot files from Publisher, Paste and Apply on subscriber in SQL Merge Replication
As a DBA, how would I go about transitioning from Oracle to SQL Server?
Can the table spool operator be parallelised?
Is it possible to configure Oracle's CONNECT THROUGH based on roles?
Mysql:Need to upload data to database, get duplicate key error - how can dup keys be ignored
Why do my ON UPDATE/ON DELETE rules disappear?
Why is a secondary index chosen over a clustered index for SELECT COUNT(*) ...?
MySQL not returning successful results on statement - query looks like it's hanging but is successful
Referencing database programmatically via T-SQL
How do I limit Oracle to use specific ports?
Dropping indexes doesn't seem to release space to the OS. Can it?
unreachable SQL Server for a group of computers
Rotate a table in PostgreSQL
pull records that are inactive
What factors contribute to lock-percentage with MongoDB
Why does DBMS_JOB.SUBMIT execute immediately when NEXT_DATE is in the future?
Rename cell based on duplicate compound key in MS Access
Executing a stored procedure on remote database
Mysterious disappearing consistency errors in SharePoint DBs
Is a year-to-date dimension the same as a time dimension?
MySQL Character set and Collation Issue.?
What can cause an UPDATE statement to execute endless?
PageIOLatch_Sh waits noticed after tuning an index
MySql 5.5 in ubuntu repository
MySQL: Show full processlist has empty Host name. Why?
Investigate peak in MySQL throughput
sqlplus not working on opensuse
A good SQL sniffer
Oracle Client vs Oracle Instant Client on Linux!
Database Design: Linking 'vague' entries to associations?
Single query sending and retreiving duplicate data on MS SQL Server?
innodb_flush settings on Amazon RDS
How costly is opening and closing of a DB connection?
Recover lost data from .LDF file
In a simple table with no complex indexes, does a large number of existing rows slow down an INSERT?
How to prepare a date and double for a mysql replace statement?
Transfering data from one MongoDB server to another while eliminating users/authentication
Oracle Database Enterprise Users & Roles with Microsoft Active Directory?
Out of memory mysql was aborted
Configure sp_send_dbmail to send emails ONLY to certain recipients
Changing TimeZone of an Oracle Database
Simple Car Rental database
How to view data in pgAdmin III
how does SQL Server know to lock view objects?
SQL Server falling below 5000 free pages
Change root password of mysql database
How to export a table on postgresql command line
How to speed up a loading data into MySQL from a zipped archive
Changing collation type database-wide in MySQL
Find the disk size of specific rows
Help with this query
Using a foreign key on multiple fields in one table
Does Restore "From database" restore from the most recent backup of the database or the actual live database?
Does it ever make sense to use RAM Disk to force RAM allocation for tempdb with SQL Server 2008
Mysql dump restore doing some funny stuff
Cannot output MySQL data to file
Add column taking too long
Restoring SQL DB from down SQL Server (on domain) to existing SQL server (not on domain)
How can I restore a MySQL database after formatting my hard drive
When should you specify PAD_INDEX?
ORACLE SSL using Microsoft Certificate Store for PKI
MySQL Innodb corruption
Efficiently select beginning and end of multiple contiguous ranges in Postgresql query
Very Large Log Files
mysql change password in session
I need to run VACUUM FULL with no available disk space
mysql picasa like photo tags store and query
Greater than operator ignoring a nonclustered index?
Frequently slow queries while in the 'Update' state
In SQL Server, is it possible to have a PRIMARY KEY on a table without either CLUSTERED or NONCLUSTERED indexes on the same key?
Is it possible to sync a Pervasive SQL database to a PostgreSQL database, and vice-versa?
Cannot Login after configure oracle-xe
innodb_buffer_pool_size not changed
Secure method beside phpMyAdmin for remote mysql
Does Oracle support table-level & column-level permissions?
database connection time expired issue
how to get count(*) from table which either has column or not?
Fast general method to calculate percentiles
MySQL: A better way to write this query?
How do I count rows with two properties in one index scan in SQL?
Is the CPU performance relevant for a database server?
how to pull data source information on data-driven subscriptions
barcode inventory design - transaction or master?
Granting Execute Permissions on Stored Procedures, Functions and Views
Automatically Execute Stored Procedure After Any RESTORE DATABASE Event
In SQL Server 2008, in DMV sys.dm_db_index_phsicial_stats, what does compressed_page_count mean in comparision with page_count
How is it possible for mysql storage engine to be NULL?
Teradata: How to design table to be normalized with many foreign key columns?
Improving performance of nasty nested-view joins
How to convert PostgreSQL to MySQL
Why we use low numbers for concurrent in MySQL benchmarks or HTTP_LOAD?
What is the recommended Buffer Pool size on a 2GB RAM PC?
Is it possible to add index to mysql with multiple column to optimize order by performance?
Will altering order of columns in GROUP BY affect performance?
Creating Indexes to optimize query
Backup database and clean old backup question
User has no password set
Having multiple refs in an intersection table
I cannot write into SQL Server 2008 R2 express edition from C#
In Sybase, what can I do to figure out why my Transaction Log is filling up?
What is a parse tree object?
SSAS - Inferred Dimension Attributes - are they necessary?
mysqladmin user account not secure?
Mongo Collection `Size` is *larger* than `storageSize`?
Changing Query Results?
How to add a user with access to a single view?
to what "scale" of applications does nosql support?
Re-subscribing to a merge publication after edits made offline
What is a common way to save 'debit' and 'credit' information?
MySql - How can I improve this query?
Weak entity and one-one or many-many relationship
Improve sort performance in PostgreSQL?
Alias Names and Two Table Query Problems
Returning a result set with multiple rows based on max date
ETL: extraction strategy for 200 source databases
Improving Oracle SQL Query
Advice on choosing a really fast DBMS
Best practices for ensuring up to date sequences after table import
How do you query supertypes to get subtype data?
A beautiful trigger issue. Flawed logic? Updating Orderheader when orderlines are complete
Slow insert in SQL Server 2008
Performing aggregations and calculations: SQL (CTE) vs MDX
Diff in Transactional and Non-transactional tables
What are the limitations of Toad for SQL Server freeware?
How do you ensure accuracy of your query
PHPMyAdmin incredibly slow
SQL Server 2008 R2 on Windows 7 x64 Professional - what are the downsides?
Slow remote SELECT statement due to long "client processing time", but fast locally
Optimizing queries against a set of tables that contain partitioned data
How do I create a user-defined aggregate function?
SCD Type 2 Dimension -> Is this the correct layout for a type 2 scd with this type of data present?
Index Strategies on Text or NVARCHAR(MAX) Fields
When is it OK to shrink a Database?
BigInt or Varchar for a large number I won't ever sort / calculate on
noSQL ACID and consistency for banking
Thoughts about Oracle backup procedure for 11.2 (beginner question)
MySQL: Try to Port a Trigger from SQL Server
SQL Backups - Full vs Differential vs Log Shipping
Do I really need to keep .LDF files?
Anybody using HierarchyId in production? Is it reliable?
Is this Dedicated Server good enough to Run MySQL on Linux Ubuntu?
Including clustered index key in non-clustered index
Database design: how to handle the "archive" problem?
what is bigger than a longblob?
Restore data from remote server using ".sql" file
Can you rename replication jobs?
Why do I see sp_OACreate, sp_OASetProperty in sp_WhoIsActive?
Can you rename or name Reporting Services jobs?
Write Access Client App for SQL Server 2005 Backend
What are the minimum matching criteria recommended for reliable demographic based patient matching?
View foreign key constraints so I can delete a table
Service Account Groups in SQL Server 2012
Clarify - Need to add Multiple foreign key constraints
SQL*Plus, @, and relative paths
PostgreSQL schemas, select same table from all schemas
Problem with View When Restoring a MySQL Backup
How to convert data from XML format into Excel workbook or database table
Is it possible to do a ALL SERVER DML Trigger?
I want to know about the IOPS (I/O Per Second) and How it influences the DB CRUD operation
In a CASE Statement, which is faster: "WHEN [field] in (0)" or "WHEN [field] = 0"?
Finding Duplicates in LEFT JOIN
How can I monitor the progress of an import of a large .sql file?
Can Availability Groups replace transactional replication?
Which mysql storage engine to choose?
FLUSH TABLES stays in the processlist even after execution
PhpMyAdmin Missing parameter
Who is the original author/creator that took the time to fill/create Northwind SQL server sample database?
Find and remove gaps in sequence across two different columns
Looking for example design of using an SQL database as a queue for throttling web service requests of multiple users
Upgrading 10g database to 11g database
Can't connect to MySQL Cluster Storage (data) nodes
Keeping 2 tables in sync
Hosting ASP.Net session database on same same instance as the user database?
Changing the default schema of a user
I have a powerful machine with 70 GB RAM. How many Oracle instances with 20 GB can be created?
Is any possible way to get warning message through by oracle
Oracle to PostgreSQL
Why does NOT IN with a set containing NULL always return FALSE/NULL?
Changes the default database owner in SQL Server 2008
Assignment of Thread IDs?
Best way to work around NOT IN NULL issue?
Why does OS login not exist in the user table, but I can still login to MySQL?
Amazon RDS I/O requests - 1 query = 1 billable I/O?
Which is faster, InnoDB or MyISAM?
Oracle extents - How can I have so many with this small size?
Which PowerShell technique should I use to talk to SQL Server?
What is the easiest way to get started using databases with real data?
PostgreSQL vs MySQL benchmarks when a 2nd level cache is included
After dropping the clustered index, it is still attempting to do a clustered insert
Is it OK to create hundreds of databases in SQL Azure versus one big one and run the risk of deadlocking
Can this be accomplished with Oracles Fine Grained Auditing?
Converting RTF in a text column to plain text in bulk
Relationship with a default value
How to consolidate script duplication?
removing group by clause with SUM
Postgres table size doubles are transaction completes
FATAL ERROR IN TWO-TASK SERVER: error = 12571
Does SQL profiler affect server performance?
Recover from Postgres FATAL: could not open file pg_tblspc/
Memory utilization per database - SQL Server
Recover a MySQL InnoDB from ibdata1 that won't repair using innodb_force_recovery
SQL Server 2005 Express in VMware causing very high CPU load
How is a join performed by a database engine?
Few Questions about SSAS Cubes
How to design database for tree view with an infinite depth
Which is better for long term database scalability: adding columns or having key/value store
Monitoring replication on mysql
MySQL EXPLAIN doesn't show 'use index' for FULLTEXT
ORA-12899: importing a .dmp file + character set conversion
How to know there is a maintenance job running on a postgresql database
ORA-07445: An unexpected error: core dump
What is the use of ibdata1 file in mysql?
MySQL Server Performance
What do the columns in SYS.USER$ represent?
Stored Procedure doesn't show result in SQL Server
Is Index causing timeouts?
Associate a piece of data with a session
How to schedule function in Oracle?
Setting Circular Replication in mysql
Is commit necessary after DML operation in Function/Procedure?
Setting up users and admins with schema privileges
How to query EndDate value from ReportServer..Subscriptions.MatchData
Oracle extents - How can I have so few with this large size?
MySQL lost records in a master slave scheme
Why is pg_dumpall throwing an "OID does not exist'' error?
Can I anchor my data type to system type?
cross self join to get more rows - better solution?
Minimizing the number of parent rows for a distinct column in a child table
Database security through stored procedures
Cannot login to Oracle11g with System username
Error while importing a ".sql" file in database
Transaction Lock Timeouts When Updating a Row
Database design problem: where to put UNIQUE constraint
how to set/change the font style in database?
How to update SQL Server 2012 from Evalutation to Developer edition?
SQL Server Cache population on server / service startup
ASM diskgroup drop from another ASM instance
Stored Procedure is not returning complete result
Find last (max) value according to TimeStamp using update method
Why isn't there a way to label a column as "keyword"
In MySQL, how to manually edit values of a BLOB column in few tuples?
What does COUNT(1) actually count?
A Huge Database: Picking the right schema and data model
How to properly stop MySQL server on Mac OS X?
How do I resolve Postgresql error, "could not determine which collation to use for string comparison"?
Database Design Advice for Expert Systems - Rule Based Systems
 How do I resolve Postgresql error, 'no collation was derived for column "foo" with collatable type citext'?
SELECT for values in a table
Truncate parent table in Oracle when child table is empty
SQL Server Database Size much higher than the backup size after restore
Shell Script / Tool to check the MySQL Replication Status?
Performance Improvement in SSRS' Reports
JDBC Read uncommitted in SQL Server
SQL Database to XML?
Cause of High Disk Queue Length in SQL Server
Error handling in container procedures
Database for efficient retrieval of data from large data set
What joins are available in Informix 9.2?
Preloading a Java library in DB2, similar to ORACLE's loadjava
SQL Server memory usage
What is the best database design for this situation?
Performance degradation while updating tables having 10s of millions of records
Does DB2 have equivalents for Oracle's UTL_ENCODE and UTL_RAW modules?
SQL Server to Oracle Export - Data conversion error
ENABLE KEYS on a large table is crashing mysql
Strange Sybase / SQL Server linked server issue
Is there a set based way to load/read a tree branch with HierarchyId
Grouping records based on intervals of time
Why is MySQL is creating so many temporary tables on disk?
Triggers vs Views in MySQL
Disabling Indexes and Auditing for large data import
MySQL replication constantly checking tables
Why are my results returned twice?
Script to show MySQL health status?
ORA-39165 Schema was not found in export
Why is there a PostgreSQL Turtle?
Optimization around static cursor use
Is it possible to retrieve the specific databases selected in a maintenance plan step?
Can I export a maintenance plan without using Integration Services?
How to store many smallish time-series in a relational DB?
RAID vs Replication
Altering table schema takes too much time
Data type for storing an array of flags (a bitmap/bit array)
Total number of DML and DDL operations performed in a table in oracle
My database dramatically increased in size. Why?
Override default SERVICE_NAME in init.ora
MySQL Cluster Installation
Graph database with Erlang driver
varchar performance impact
Is there a repository for pgadmin plugins?
How to get a working and complete PostgreSQL DB backup and test
How do I configure SQL Profiler to show me queries to the views sys.databases and sys.tables?
TSQL performance - JOIN on value BETWEEN min and max
What language and data structures does MYSQL uses as backend?
Is it better to populate variables using SET or SELECT?
Do you still use MyISAM or prefer Aria storage engine?
Getting slaves of a master-master setup stopped in sync
Why does the order of parameters matter for sp_trace_create?
How to use Unique key via combinations of table fields?
Why does Management Studio not automatically create FK column in the parent table?
Naming question for functions: implicit or explicit naming of grouping in function name
Faster alternative to scalar UDF with recursion to walk tree hierarchy?
pt-table-checksum from remote server
Merging two Access DB's
MongoDB replication to one machine
Recommendations for building a big search engine
Retrieve free data
when to use technology like hadoop?
Behavior of PostgreSQL COPY FROM
Cannot update certain rows in innodb tables
Partial vacuum and whole table vacuum
Created user can access all databases in PostgreSQL without any grants
How to split tables without affecting all stored procedures
How to order query results by tag weight in IN('tag1', 'tag2', 'tag3')
Recover deleted records
How to translate high level entity relationship into schema
Table with contacts: how to differ between people and organizations?
Is using multiple foreign keys separated by commas wrong, and if so, why?
Syntax changes between DB2 for i (DB2/400) v5r4 and v6r1
Logic to convert a UTC date-time to a specific time zone
ERROR 1100 (HY000) at line 11084: Table 'search_index' was not locked with LOCK TABLES
how to use mysql temporal cache tables
Both Primary and Foreign Key Needed on Table?
Why can the SA account no longer access the master database?
Will more indexes on a table affect performance?
timestamp based concurrency
How to convert SQL Server .MDF database to Mac OS PostgreSQL database on Mac OS X?
Is there a better way to create dynamic time averaged series over a dynamic frequency?
slow query with fulltext and left join
Dealing with Invisible Referencers
Normalization and Breaking down tables for InnoDB
TFS2010 for SSMS 2012
Are there DBMS that allow a Foreign Key that References a View (and not only base tables)?
Clients timing out with no apparent reason
Does Sql Server 2008 support Database Sharding
Single AND operator and multiple OR operators
Difference between idx_tup_read and idx_tup_fetch on Postgres
How can we add BOOLEAN datatype in mysql query browser?
Oracle 11, incremental backup goes wrong
Saving SQL Server backup file in multiple parts
How to get all non deleted messages from one user 
--local-infile=1 using MySQL Workbench?
SQL Server 2005 maximizing performance
Filter On Indexed, Formatted DATE
Is it possible to give the optimizer more or all time it needs?
NULL values on MDX query (Total Column has Values)
SQL Server Partitioning - Parent / Child tables
Import CSV file into SQLServer
Convert varchar column to datetime
SSAS Cube in Excel - Show only applicable rows with KPI?
Verification that my SSRS subscription was emailed to a valid address
InnoDB missing from MySQL
Combine column from multiple rows into single row
SET QUOTED_IDENTIFIER issue
Why doesn't InnoDB store the row count?
Rewriting a query to be more efficient
Group By part of a strings
performance issues when concurrent requests
Poor MySQL for Drupal on Shared Hosting
encryption of SSRS subscription emails and attachments
Copying distinct rows from one table to another
Is there any significant difference between Month(date) and DatePart(month, date)?
How do I find out *why* a user has certain effective permissions?
Where clause for aliased column
Can you search using an index while indexes are being updated in oracle11g?
SSIS ETL Question/Option
Is it possible to estabilish Dedicated Administrator Connection (DAC) using SSMS?
DML operation against synonym oracle
How can I automatically trigger a script when my DB fails over?
Query to find optimal filegroups for objects
823 errors on tempdb
How do I resolve Postgresql error, "PL/Perl function must return reference to hash or array"?
Group by minute and two minute intervals
Exporting/Importing a large MySQL database without mysqldump
Use multiple columns for location or supertype/subtype?
How to Create Snapshot Backups in MySQL
MongoDB Replica Set SECONDARY Stuck in `ROLLBACK` State
Performing data update operations while backing up a large SQL Server database
Can I read data from a 'hash field' in a legacy Ingres database?
What are the challenges of administrating an International stock trading database?
Model for Distributed Database
Using an older MySQL binlog filename (with position zero)? Risks? Downsides?
Good reason to denormalize?
mysql: How do you determine the ideal 'open_files_limit' setting value?
Replication with only update and insert
Why is the following query so bad performance-wise
Convert a datetime column to number of seconds
Select a value for the max
Are these extra Index fields needed?
Parsing a string result from a query
converting mysql columns to bits in a single column
Copy complete structure of a table in MySQL without using a backup?
Copy complete structure of a table in Oracle without using Backup
Copy complete structure of a table
InnoDB possible error
SQL Server DATEDIFF: How's dayofyear different from day?
How to get non-deleted messages for one user_id if the same user_id appears in two tables at same time?
Tools for synchronizing database schema with Oracle, SQL-Server and Netezza databases
why is mysql still writing data two hours after all transactions have stopped
What methods are available to create a snapshot of an oracle database for testing purposes?
full outer join where join key in result always has value
Performing a "Spread Negitive" over a dataset
What are the pitfalls when storing data retrieved from an api
Way to update many (>3000) records with unique data, using a character limited web form
How to select/count rows where the same value exists in a column but not in other column all at the same table
What is the purpose of having a table NOT LOGGED INITIALLY
is it possible to create a form in the intranet that can be stored in a database?
When was the syslogin's password last updated?
MySQL - Master/Slave Replication with different server specs
Mitigate negative effects of shrinking
sybase format datetime yyyymmdd
Will an index that is a partial key of the begining of another index perform any better than the longer index?
oracle 10g xe to 11g xe upgrade
Creating Bitmap Indexes on a Materialized View
Is there a way to skip errors in procedures and resuming procedure
Oracle, error while exporting schema
Backing up an Oracle 10G Express on Windows 2000 Server
Load database from Solaris (Sybase 15.0.3) to VMWare Solaris (Sybase 15.7.0)
Point in time database restore
Same field but different contents
For 768M RAM server is 617M allocation in my.cnf good or bad?
Database Administrator vs Database Architect?
Will a composite Primary Key use the 15/16 page fill factor or the 1/2?
alert when any job in a job category fails
Drop constraints vs disable constraints during a data import
How can I force SQL Server Management Studio to update the IntelliSense cache?
SQL unpivoting multiple rows/columns, but keeping the rows grouped together, and in the same order they were selected
Difference function in SSRS
How to boost performance of virgin queries in MS SQL Server?
Does this cause overhead ? Select name from User where user_name LIKE '%alex%'
Can you edit the context menu options?
Cube dimension relationships confusion
When using expdp to create a snapshot of an oracle schema, how do I ensure that no post-export additions are retained upon using impdp to revert?
How to do Row Level Security in SSRS 2008 R2 (or 2012) with Active Directory Groups?
Unknown relationship
Updating SQL Server 2008 R2 using slipstreamed source
Second instance of query designer for a single table in SSMS (Express)?
Slave start to generate relay log files but not master server
Where do I find the meaning of TdsInputBufferError numbers?
Rule of thumb: AUTOALLOCATE or UNIFORM size for tablespaces
Can RMAN duplicate be used to "replace" an existing database?
MySQL - Installing InnoDB Plugin
Creating an index in both asc and desc directions
Centos 6.2 mysql configuration file help
Restore the data from Snapshot Backup when the data spans over multiple directories?
Update existing rows with squence number/char or any unique data
Better diagnostics when starting ndb nodes?
How large will a MySQL database be relative to the dump file?
Full and differential restore with two backup files - SQL Server 2008
Inconsistent information from different DMVs
How can I mimic functionality of SQL Server `TYPE` in Oracle?
Transaction log growing on a mirrored principal
Need help optimizing mysql on a busy server
Export multiple tables among servers
Are there any caveats to installing MySQL 5.5 on CentOS 5?
Connection to localhost dramatically slower than to network server
ssis delete database on error
Variable for element name
Replace cursor with set-based approach
Using Same CASE WHEN Conditions For Multiple Query Columns
How should I save apache logs into a mysql table?
Default values in SQLite3
Upgrade Postgres without doing a pg_dumpall
All manual settings get wiped out when saved in My.cnf, why?
Changing to InnoDB increases iostat
Return many rows on a plsql Oracle10g
Complex MySQL Query returning almost all the correct rows
MySQL Server Backup
Which tools can be used to clean CSV files prior to bulk insert?
Failure to detach database
Named Parameters in MySQL Workbench Queries?
php/mysql database redesign and migration: changing databases to tables
Is it recommended to clear the query plan cache
Returning Row Count in a Stored Procedure in Oracle
How to store GPS coordinate and search places in a radius from a NoSQL DBMS (like DynamoDB)
can I convert an integer to base-2 without a function
PostgreSQL memory spike upgrade from 8.2 to 9.1
Performance of query with a range condition and order by
Dog slow query, needs optimizing, please help
Trouble with Alerts and Notifications on SQL Server 2000
SQL substitution feature in Oracle 10g
Oracle DB administrator-specific security features
How to troubleshoot/debug Oracle permission problems
Can spatial index help a "range - order by - limit" query
Decode query truncates a date
How to use insert delay with the InnoDB engine and use less connection for insert statements?
Where to learn SQL Server Service Broker?
Restore database excluding FILESTREAM data
Sorting the Table and getting the position
How do I design a database to store quotes online?
why do SSRS reports run longer for a particular user
Rewriting a query and eliminating subqueries
Enforce a hard limit on write execution time during Amazon RDS write stalls
Should I use mysql_upgrade after mysqld_safe when upgrading MariaDB?
Stored Procedures Best Practices: Fenced or Unfenced?
SSAS -> New cube contains two fact tables. How do I relate these so I can use measures from both at the same time?
some InnoDB settings in My.cnf are messing up everything, why?
Log file for mysql
How to store count value in DB
Schedule replication of SQL Server views to MySQL remote database
Are there alternatives to the TOAD tool for SQL Server?
PK Violation after transactional replication
How would you implement conversation groups/ locking for multiple users of a Service Broker Queue?
What permission is needed to set Database read-only?
Windows could not start the SQL Server service error
Does a dual key or single key lookup perform better on a table with a lot of data?
How to handle reporting of an extreme amount of databases in SQL Server 2005?
Is there a way to DENY CRUD operations on connections from linked server?
Why index REBUILD does not reduce index fragmentatation?
Can I grant a user ALTER TRACE permission to a single database?
LogShipping frequency for backup/copy/restore
How to optimise read/write performance a MySQL table with many rows?
How to store a date without the year component
Need advice for a 'tag' table design
Database Design: New Table versus New Columns
Maximum table capacity in SQL Server 2008
SQL Server SMO Method "Discover()"
Splitting a wide table
Move data from one oracle db to another db using toad
Tables don't exist after MySQL restart
Can I have one table be an "alias", or "symlink", to another?
SQL Error while connecting with SQL server Authentication
Splitting a table based on business logic
extremely slow MyISAM slave updates
Trying to understand SHOW SLAVE STATUS\G
CAP Theorem vs. BASE (NoSQL)
What happens if we copy neo4j's data folder while the server is running?
how to grant a user permission to create databases?
The primary key issue with slave
Using surrogate key after merging the person's data?
Configure second SQL Server Alias for named instance
Reduce load off primary server by using log shipping, or mirroring, or something else?
Why does SQL Browser service get disabled?
MySQL 1264 warning from libmysql
Does SQL Server evaluate functions once for every row?
View delete statements in the Transaction log
mysql server is not sending result set back after query execution to client and staying in sending data state
php/mysql merge duplicate records in table and create a new table
going from heirarchical XML to heirarchical SQL tables then SQL to c# objects to go to user view, how should I store the data in the databases?
Clarification on Cloud Computing Database
use variable table in OLE DB source
Can I safely kill OPTIMIZE TABLE on an InnoDB table?
Microsoft SQL Server says my login is disabled, even in single user/DAC mode
Varchar(max) field cutting off data after 8000 characters
tuning postgresql for large amounts of ram
What is a database with ".res" in its name?
What happens when checkpoint_segments reached?
Save SSMS tabs with timestamp on a daily basis?
mysql wont start after increasing innodb_buffer_pool_size and innodb_log_file_size
Transactional versus Merge Replication (Restore backup after downtime)
Why does sqlcmd -Lc not show the local instance?
New foreign key and merge replication
MySQL using a index referencing a different column
mysql: deleted performance_schema, is it a problem?
Difference between fsync and synchronous_commit - postgresql
mysqld-multi with first DB as Slave and second DB as Master
how do I merge two views
using COPY command and wal_buffers
SSRS email subscription with custom file name on the attachment
Named Parameters in SQuirreL SQL?
Can a poor database layout cause performance issues for simple queries?
how do I execute a void-returning procedure in pgsql 9.1?
In InnoDB, does a Transaction imply any implicit locking of a table?
Performance difference between Clustered and Non Clustered Index
db2 range partitioning attach and detach issue
Creating a test database from Production database (different machines & servers)
How to make SSMS Properties Window coincide with object selected in Object Explorer
SQL Server Rebuild/Reorganize Fragmented Indexes causes CRC error or consistency errors
Best way to store units in database
Is it possible to make a reference to the result of an aggregate function in a SELECT clause from the same SELECT clause?
How to get online the database which has missing/corrupted FILESTREAM files?
Is there a way to make the subscriber database read-only when using Transaction Replication?
What is causing all of the msrepl_tran_version columns to become out-of-sync between locations in transactional replication setup?
Are InnoDB tables harder to backup and slower?
Executing the query "UPDATE STATISTICS [dbo].[Contact] WITH FULLSCAN ..." failed
How to troubleshoot enq: TX - row lock contention?
Change the same field from all the tables from a particular database
Enterprise Manager Database Control on host with an underscore in it's name
querying a table of events for reporting
How to detect whether MySQL server is running as Amazon RDS
Should I use an index or a hash function on a primary key if I have 100000 rows of data?
SQL Server stored procedure keeps restoring to previous one
Informatica Source Qualifier not working from Windows ODBC data source (system DSN) from Excel xlsx file
Should I migrate data using detach/copy/attach or through backup-restore-replay?
datetime index skipped for same query different params
SSIS PL/SQL task hangs with message "Multiple-step OLE DB operation generated errors."
How to estimate database size needed?
What is the purpose of the database 'owner'?
Can't do any changes to a job in SQL 2000
WAMP server performance tuning for MySQL
Can I recover an overwritten incident trace file?
Understanding optimisation of complex SELECT queries
Explicitly update a table after sp_tableoption "text in row" advices wanted
Defragmenting SQL Server data and log files live with MoveFile API
Flat query to Column structure
Migrating and normalizing data
How to get the total days per month between two dates?
Unexpected scans during delete operation using WHERE IN
SQL 2012 Upgrade Advisor cannot detect SQL Server
How do you get the explain plan?
Receive strange error during mysql auto-repair check optimize
Comments in EXPDB parameter file
sqlcmd slow against SQL Server 2008 R2
How do I find out who is the resource hog in SQL Server 2008?
Creating SQL Servers on VMWare
Random write freezes
Are regular VACUUM ANALYZE still recommended under 9.1?
Can I do something like RESTORE DATABASE <server>.<databasename>?
What database technologies do big search engines use?
I've got 16GB of ram, how should I configure MySQL Server?
Linking table or column key
Custom SQL Server Computer Build
Lost connection to MySQL server during query
Is there an easy way to debug and find out why a query runs slow?
Help Optimizing Query
Is it imperative that I backup my index files?
What exactly is "pinning" in relation to indexes?
ignore table does not exist error
What is a "database"?
Is there a way to display current noise words in SQL 2000 Full Text Indexing?
how to config SSRS 2005 email setting with google apps
MySQL query took 98 seconds to run but EXPLAIN looks okay
Replication Broken, List Out of Sync Tables
Why does SQL Server "Compute Scalar" when I SELECT a persisted computed column?
How to connect to an remote PostgreSQL database on Ubuntu using pgAdmin3?
Does the order of columns in a table's definition matter?
Circular Replication, prevent failure
Need to filter dimension where two attributes are the same
Electricity off while shrinking database, how can I recover my database?
How to write a shell script to check the mysql database backup status.
How many files should I create for one filegroup and 9 weekly partitions?
Incremental backups - differences
Postgresql sync databases
tds: unable connect to SQL Server using servername specified in freetds.conf file
SQL Server log shrinking Issue
Where do caching servers conceptually fit in my architecture?
Schema qualification necessary for query plan reuse?
Database Schema for an address book with different mailing lists
mysqldump fails to dump database
Ordering with custom paging when using pivot to convert a query
How to calculate query that access system view cost in Oracle?
SQL Server Data Tools and partition functions
Connecting to SQL Server using cached credentials
Tutorial in datamining
How do you set the MySQL password on Mac OS X?
Query pauses after returning a fixed number of rows
Fix for orphan user 'guest'?
Multiple Publications for Merge Replication?
Want to create an SQL function that removes table row duplicates
Recursive CTE performance
What Happens When Identity Range IsExceeded?
speeding up a deletion in postgresql
Replacing a table with new version
Does MySQL Enterprise Backup work across Operating Systems?
Query optimization [Oracle]
How to import a.csv file into a postgresql database using \copy?
sql server , set N prefix as unicode for all queries by default
Using the correct database when calling a system stored procedure in SQL Server 2008
How to speed up this simple mysql query?
Cannot retrieve values from LEFT JOIN (2 tables)
Why do we have SHRINKDATABASE command in SQL Server
MySQL Permissions Necessary To Reset Password
best way to consolidate data
replication monitor: why is current average performance poor?
Get the id_user_app if not exists in id_user_rq
Could a large log file be the reason cron job keeps dying?
Mirroring and Buffer Page Write/s
what is mongodb telling me when it logs an update?
Populate database column with drop-down menu item
Get the rows where id_user_rq exists in id_user_ap and viceversa
Transactional replication from SQL Server 2000 to 2008
What is retrieved from disk during a query?
Change Location of VALIDATE RECOVERY FILES work area
How does performance of SQL Server CE and SQL Server Express compare?
How does merge replication work with SQL Server CE
Ways to stop access to a SQL express database
How to sync a table between oracle and sybase
How to get last identity row Inserted when using instead of trigger
Service Broker Procedure that will be used by multiple initiators to begin dialog conversation.. how to pass a parameter into it
Release SQL Server Memory usage
"set-variable = innodb_thread_concurrency=4" or "innodb_thread_concurrency=4"
Best mysql db design to solve timezone issues
Convert datetime stored as char the YYYMMDDHHmmSS format to datetime
Filtering on a virtual column from a UNION ALL with LEFT OUTER join causes a table scan?
Slony initial subscription is causing out-of-memory kernel panics. Why?
can I add a custom SSRS e-mail subscription that forces the "TO" address
What are the differences between Cognos and SPSS modeler products?
simple question about group by and custom groups
How can I get the Oracle TNSListener to start after changing my host name?
Limiting database security
Get wall_post and profile data for several users
How can I get my LEFT OUTER JOIN to work in SQL Server 2008?
Any problem with same conversation handle used by multiple services communicating with one target queue in a multiplexed service broker order queue?
How should I use indexes with MySQL?
open files limit
Calculate number for each row
Index Proposals
Create a Function in sql server without specifying return_data_type
Some book suggestions for performance tuning
Resource Usage Statistics by Login
Tools for Identifying Needed Indexes
Find the largest databases on my server
How do I handle importing high amounts of transaction data into application DB?
Database Design for updatable sequential records
Query intermittently fails with "The multi-part identifier could not be bound"
Why is the page life expectancy 0 (zero) on SQL Server 2005
How to script database validations?
Replicating Triggers
Disable explicit commits in JDBC, detect them in SQL, or put the database in a readonly state
How to improve MySQL Server Performance..?
how to run limit query within condition in mysql
MySQL Unions/Subselects not utilizing keys from associated tables
Cannot CAST '33.33' to INT
Remote to a remote oracle server and get running instances?
SQL 2005 Replication - How do I get the DA Profile MaxBCP option to work with a Transactional Publication?
Update rank on a large table
replication warning: transactional replication latency alert not working
shoud we normalize user profile table with fields like interests,musics,videos,sports, etc?
Is there such thing as automatic ENUMs?
Why does 10^37 / 1 throw an arithmetic overflow error?
Matching a smaller piece of text in a local variable to a larger piece of text that I have pulled in a query
difference of left join and left outer join
Create new function by code if it doesn't exist
Why ALL PRIVILEGES ON `db`.* gives access to all databases?
Can we assign mysql Key_buffer_size value for particular table?
MySQL get next unique value without auto increment
Importing LARGE quantity of data into a PostgreSQL database
Setting NLS params in logon trigger don't work in oracle 11g
Locking order in cursors (Oracle)
SQl code performance
How should I model an "either/or" relationship?
Simple date calculation to show old records
ARCHIVELOG mode
is id and phone number enough to uniquely identify a row in phone numbers
Custom aggregation for non-leaf level nodes to avoid double counting
How To Set Up Web Synchronisation With IIS 7.5
SQL database backups methods-tools-procedures
SQL 2012: Import DB changes original data scheme
Convert Rows to columns using 'Pivot' in SQL Server when columns are string data type
Configuration Persistance Design
Comparison Tool for MySQL data base schemas
How to update conflict resolver when upgrading from SQL-Server 2005 to SQL-Server 2008
Upstart script in ubuntu for mongodb
Are two indexes needed?
SQL Server 2008 ODBC
Parameter Sniffing: Why Does This Become An Issue?
Change Oracle IP
Why do I only see SYS and INFORMATION_SCHEMA tables? Access 2007 ODB to SQL Server 2008
Create a view with dynamic column headers based on original table row data?
Do all users need access to the postgres database in pg_hba.conf?
Which database system can break me free?
SQL 2005 Replication Create/Delete Tables, Views, and Procs
DB2 equivalent to T-SQL's REPLICATE?
What options exist for copying data between servers on a regular basis?
Can a RDBMS connect to a remote server, execute a select query and copy them into a local table just with SQL commands?
How can we automatically replace a table with a view for a specific user?
MySQL function to return breadcrumb-like string from hierarchical structure
Can MySQL Handle Geo Location
MYSQL only Show columns which allow null
Full Text Search not searching special character
Combine column from multiple rows into one row in SQLITE
Can MySQL be patched
SQL Server Linked server query problem (group by)
SQL Server 2008 Multi Page Allocation
SQL Server (2012) non-blocking DDL?
When To Update Statistics?
MySQL Error Reading Communication Packets
Streaming Replication in PostgreSQL
Alternatives for SSMS solutions & projects?
Prevent a single query from hogging all resources
Oracle - query by two column combination
How to tell what user has synced
field with multiple foreign keys
How to make a flexible service broker receive in a stored sql procedure, how to pass "FROM" parameter into receive
How to Delete Restoring Database
which database engine is best for full text search on a 10M rows table?
Sort order specified in primary key, yet sorting is executed on SELECT
What to set innodb_buffer_pool and why..?
Scriptable command line access to SQL-Server from linux
How to extract a whole database schema using only ODBC access?
How to log successful login attempts to a database?
Implementing a family database using Access 2010
SQL Server 2012 performance v SQL Server 2008 R2
Recover registered servers in SQL Server Management Studio 2012
Is there a way to use a SQL Server 2000 database in SSIS 2012?
Freeing disk space after dropped database
What overhead is there if I MERGE row by row?
Copying a database for testing in a safe way
Can't get past password lock on fresh install of postgreSQL
eliminate extra spaces in VARCHAR columns
Sql Server Measuring Query Memory Consumption
SQL Server 2005 - Map login to pre-existing user
SQL Server Replication Stored Procedures sp_MSdel_db, sp_MSupd_db, sp_MSins_db
How to Archive Only MySQL Master not the Slave.?
Which are the most often used SQL queries?
Storage order vs Result order
Are SQL Server's Date values stored as a single int?
SQL Server, remove all users' access right to a table object
Restore a Database into a Current Database and merge
Error in login in with root user in new mysql server
Change in datatype?
Special Formatting of Numbers
Fastest way to move a database from one server to another
How does the MySQL Query Optimizer react to a SELECT COUNT sentence?
Does the PCI require to protect the Credit Card Info in the transaction log?
Thought CTEs were syntactic sugar
Tempdb is getting full very quickly in microsoft sql server 2008
Configured MySQL replication but its not working
What is the proper way of Adding a Field in a MySQL table with 1.6 million row
Methodology & Architecture to Create ETL Process
Why innodb doesn't store geospatial data?
Determine sql server installation (server or client tools only)
What are the arguments in favor of using ELT process over ETL?
What are the risks of the parameter PRESERVE_COMMIT_ORDER of Oracle's DBMS_LOGSTDBY?
SQL Server Log shipping standby db stuck restoring
SQL Server 2008 R2 High memory usage
while restoring mysql database, views changed into tables
strange situation with very large partitioning table
Can't get SQL Server 2012 RTM LocalDB working on Server 2008/x86/ SQL Server 2008 machine
is my postgresql-server thread-safe?
SQL Server 2008 R2 High CPU
Should we add extra 5 columns or build a separate table?
How to prevent daily index fragmentation of 99%
computed columns, index, clustered index and covering index?
Show data point values in the legend section
What is the "Data partitioned, Shared-Nothing, Parallel Database" solution for PostgreSQL ?
Table values being cut-off by table lines
log_warnings doesn't seem to work for aborted connections in MySQL 5.1
What steps are required to move data from a custom schema in one database to the default schema in new database
Passing arguments to psql
This refactoring from cursor on a dblink'ed Oracle table OK?
What are my locking options for a Merge statement?
How to use merge hints to isolate complex queries in SQL Server
Can we use innodb to store latitutude and logitude and retrieve 20 closest points well?
Can You Replicate Sequences
How do I get spatial index feature if I mainly use innodb?
Is there an easy way to copy one database to another
Partitioning a table will boost the performance?
SELECT every nth value by Date from large table
MySQL 5.5.8 InnoDB Foreign Key, JOIN performance
Trying to optimize a MySQL query that has sub selects
Accessing XAMPP/MySQL through SSH
Cross Database Chaining vs. Trustworthy Option
Disallow new UDFs that contain a cursor
SQL Server 2008 R2 recognizes a domain account as a SQL Server account
UPDATE Statistics with full scan
Create view in a different database with dynamic SQL
How do I grant execute permission to an Oracle database user?
Creating a schema for various sizes of varchar
postgres composite index design
Oracle - capture row commit order in a table
How to efficiently check EXISTS on multiple columns?
SQL NULL Value to = A Sequential Number, Help!
Design best practices for last tracking with indexed view
Innodb: Operating system error number 1117 in a file operation
How to order by 5, 501, 50101, 6, 601, 60101, etc?
Restore one table from SQL Server data file (.mdf)
User in multiple windows groups mapped to sql logins
How to specify the system database location when installing SQL Server?
Perf of query of large table by date?
MySQL Cluster On Cloud vs MySQL Cluster On Dedicated Cluster
Tuning Question
This query is choking the server. How can I improve it?
Will using bigint vs mediumint have a performance impact?
Why does MySQL only sometimes use my index for a range query?
Why is a Login losing a User mapping?
oracle 10G forms connection with Oracle database 10G Enterprise Edition in windows 7
Is a two column primary key the most performant way to go if (a,b) should be unique but I will only be querying against a?
timelines and history files PostgreSQL 9.1
enq: TX - row lock contention creating session waits
View in SQL Server 2008
MongoDB: queue vs. realtime write/update
SQL Server Agent
SQL Trigger to verify account, if not verified dont process stored procedure/transactions
Restore SQL Server database backup to other directory than root
It is possible to export a MySQL database without BLOB fields?
log shipping backup fails every so often on only one server
How can I reset the index of the rows?
creating an index for varchar column greater than 900 bytes
Realtime SQL Server Monitoring Tools?
One table with many rows or many tables with a few rows
JBoss/Alfresco cannot write on slave after failover
JBoss don't fail over MySQL slave using datasource
Log-shipping : Broken Chain
The database principal owns a schema in the database, and cannot be dropped message
Is there a way to setup a user to run SPs, but not access the underlying data tables?
Copy Database wizard fails but leaves no text file log
Unable to connect SQL Server 2008 from SQL Server 2005 DB
Script to Restore/Create SQL Server 2000 Database from Another Database's Backup
MySQL - automatically update all references to specific table to use on delete cascade?
Why is loading data into MySQL cluster taking so long?
Oracle: How to create a not null column in a view
Database structure, relational or data warehouse?
SQL Server 2005 SP3 Memory Errors when plenty of memory is seemingly available
Create a Table only Schema
MongoDB: RAM requirements
Tool for Reverse Engineering of PostgreSQL Database on Linux (Ubuntu)
MYSQL Slow SELECT with multiple joins and ORDER BY
Can I optimize for the zIIP processor?
Error calling stored procedure from trigger in Oracle Database 11g
Where is this mystery trace going (SQL Server 2000)?
Running total with count?
Getting unique names when the IDs are different (DISTINCT ?)
Merge multiple table output but indicate which tables the records came from
SSIS - Derive column values based on join/subselect from a non-table source
Self blocking session
Massive peer-to-peer replication topology?
Powershell Format Table Combine Values
Best Approach for Mirroring Data from SQL Server to MySQL
Reading SQL Server 2008 transaction logs
Capture all queries that use hints
Safest way to perform mysqldump on a live system with active reads and writes?
Add a new Column and define its position in a table
In Oracle how do you move a Schema to a different Tablespace?
How badly do SQL Compilations impact the performance of SQL Server?
MongoDB: Replica Set - master vs. slave
Problem installing DB2Express
Bitwise operators affecting performance
What are commonly used database types?
Very slow request with small difference
Database file size from sys.master_files and sys.dm_io_virtual_file_stats are different
Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2 Developer Edition Data Tuning Advisor tool
Starting postgresql service and specifying data directory
Delete by primary key takes too long
Passing in the table into a stored procedure
MySQL transaction size - how big is too big?
SQL Server 2008 linked server to an Access 2007 DB that is in a protected directory on the Network
Encoding problems with sqlplus, Linux
Indexing or changing one-to-many relationship
Best practice for entry position indicators
How to build dimensions from SCD tables
SQL Developer Data Modeller and Data Dictionary question
How do I copy databases from Postgres 8.4 to Postgres 9.1?
MySQL Partition based on month-year
What is the SQL command to get 20 closest points from some center location
forcing Oracle to use hash join for a subquery
SQL to select random mix of rows fairly
best mysql field type for temperatures
How can primary keys in a Netezza table be indexed?
Why number of matches in fulltext search get less when we put less strings?
Transaction Log and mirroring - looking for dumbest explanation possible
Why do we need myisam spatial extension anyway?
NESTING_TRANSACTION_FULL latch
What database do most mobile start ups use?
How to create column in DB with default value random string
Why does MATCH (FullTextSearch) AGAINST ('*' IN BOOLEAN MODE) return nothing?
How does R-Tree outperform B-Tree for simple check if a point is within a rectangle
Storing all data in a single db versus multiple dbs in Mongodb
How do I reset the postgres password for PostgreSQL on Windows?
Optimization of an Oracle query
A query on two joined tables
How to set lower case for identifiers in Toad?
MongoDB deployment best practices
delimited values in a column value
How to create custom error messages in APEX?
Less restrictive query return less result due to simple removing one additional constraint
SSRS Merge Data Across 2 Group Values
Plan Cache Pages by Database in SQL Server 2008R2
MDX - Sum values greater than then a median calculated measure
MySQL REPLACE appears to corrupt data
MySQL Replication - replication issues; procedures registered on master not giving same result on slave in MySQL 5.5.20
Can I execute a prepared statement inside a MySQL SELECT?
How to set Postgresql database to see date as "MDY" permanently
hostname incorrect in sysprocesses
PDO count(*) does not work with LIMIT and OFFSET
Database Exceptions with Jetty 8.1.0 with BTM
Unable to reset the password of users in postgres
SQL Azure: More Intermittent Timeouts
Hard Drive Configuration for my setup
How to move all non-unique and non-clustered indexes to a different filegroup?
MySQL upgrade on Ubuntu - any heads ups?
What storage engine should I use for this MySQL table?
`SELECT FOR UPDATE` in master-master mysql setup
PG_bulkload utility postgresql need help
2 Very similar queries return different number of result (one is null)
Return a percentage of the full record set
Copy Database option not found in SQL Server Management Studio 2008 R2
mysql workbench *reverse engineer* is not connecting tables graphically. How to fix?
Slow ORDER BY with LIMIT
How can I delete repeated rows?
Database Mail to Distribution List
This version of Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio Express can only be used to connect to SQL Server 2000 and SQL Server 2005 servers
Search for null in id column over all tables programmatically
SQL Server Table Move Stalled
Reconcile users with logins using 'sp_change_users_login'
What should every DBA know?
Backup and trimming data idea
Is it possible to recover day's worth of queries from sql server log file?
How do you grant execute permission for a single stored procedure?
Problem restoring a database in SQL Server
Review my logical model for gaps
Cannot fetch the rowset from OLE DB provider "SQLNCLI" for linked server X
How to avoid duplicating information in a series of nested SELECT statements?
Why CDC records nothing while being enabled?
Syncing two (or more) PostgreSQL 9.1 clusters
Recommended MySQL statistics for production environment
Database inserts/updates slow only in Production
Postgres primary key sorted in the reverse order. Will it use the index efficiently?
Is it possible to resume an interupted mysql import from a backup file?
Any disadvantages of "SQL_BUFFER_RESULT" for MySQL SELECT?
Really slow DISTINCT ON query with multiple joins
Should I use select count(*) for counting records or having a field like comments_no for tables like post, comments?
Attacks on Postgresql listening for requests on 'localhost'
Extract mdf & ldf files from backup file?
Can I rollback/abort a transaction if no rows were inserted?
How to manage a huge database?
Which database?
Installing SQL Server 2008 Express Edition in quiet mode issue?
Is it possible to query "NOT IN" in NO SQL?
How can I check the integrity of disabled foreign key relationships for each individual table? (SQL Server 2008)
Check Index Fragmentation on SQL Server Audit Queues
set integrity not enforced in DB2
Trouble recovering data from corrupted PostgreSQL tables
What are the advantages of having a centralised SQL database server for development?
SQL query optimization in Prestashop e-Commerce solution
logical reads vs. scan count
How to speed up mysql query?
MySql command line cyrillic Iinsert result is corrupted
mySQL Relational Tables
MySQL insists on trying to use InnoDB even when told not to, please help
SQL Server 2008 R2 : multiple files and filegroup
MS SQL 2008 Express - Database Tuning Advisor
SQL Server parallelism for DML operations
How to identify which query is filling up the tempdb transaction log?
How can I trigger this stored procedure on insert?
PostgreSQL Replication for small, low-usage database
can I create an SSRS group without adding the group to the box itself and without using Active Directory?
Is it possible to do an in-place upgrade of SQL Server 2005 Standard to SQL 2012 Enterprise?
Specify Values for Template Parameters -- command
When should indexes be dropped and recreated?
CREATE INDEX for long columns
How to log error details when using using try/catch for dynamic SQL backup commands
Why does connecting to a database use tempspace?
MySQL - SELECT INTO OUTFILE, with a UNION
Is it safe to run antivirus software on my database servers?
Easy Postgresql master/slave replication with automatic failover on Linux?
Index usage for database server
Is database normalization dead?
Replicating a Table Structure With no Data Using Merge Replication
Looking for a Trigger to change inserting strings?
Best practices to secure mysql
Using pgsql_fdw in a function result ERROR: cache lookup failed for type 0
mongodb: replica-set with load balancer
Table orders regarding Nested loop join in DB2
How to compare two SQL Server 2008 configurations
Merge Replicate and Mirrors
How do I connect to Oracle Server without installing Oracle Client on client machines?
How to configure postgresql to use multiple cores?
A Script to insert dummy Data in all tables of Database
Adding new key(s) to enable partitioning, INSERT performance?
SQL admin Scripts - Enabling read only access to all databases
How to Import Data to MySQL RDS Instance?
Store a small log file as a blob in sqlite
MDX Block Calculation Optimisation
Why can't this mysql user log in with password?
Will a delete then insert within a transaction cascade?
How do you load a data file into a specific field?
How to set the language of a doc to a DB field
Is it possible to join derived tables to actual in Access 2007
Reporting Service and Application Role
What would cause an orphaned ##MS_PolicyEventProcessingLogin##?
Should a table have a clustered index even if it doesn't have appropriate fields for it?
EXECUTE AS does not appear to be changing security context
Rename primary key constraint in Teradata
Complete list of possible database "objects"?
Does mongodb automatically move small non-partitoned databases to spread read load?
Index defrag takes forever to run
Merge Replication Subquery Filters
Need a stored procedure to check and update row when it does not already exists.
How to interpret explain sql?
Is a trade-in its own purchase order, or an adjustment on a sales order?
Tightly coupling tables in postgresql
Why is postgresql still consuming space on my other drive?
uninstalling SSRS and SSIS from clustered SQL Server 2008 R2 SP1
DBA to work from home
Would it be possible/wise to execute 2 parallel restores from a single backup?
Should I use WHERE NOT EXISTS or LEFT JOIN for getting the ids of relationship table?
How to speed up this query
Incremental level 1 backup with no Incremental level 0?
Select DISTINCT records with extra information
 Euro sign/symbol not showing up on Oracle 10gr2 and aix 6.1
How would I run DELETE queries on a Master Without Executing Same DELETEs on a Slave?
What's the fastest way to replicate a MySQL database from one machine to another?
What are the pros/cons of splitting date and time into separate fields vs. using the datetime data type and storing the date in a single field?
SQL Server dates - can I get date and hour?
Schemas and user rights
Data type for protobuf objects in mysql
Implementing a Circular Buffer (Sliding window) in MySQL
How can I tell if an index is being used to sort in MySQL?
Some queries slower in MySQL 5.5 than 5.0?
Benefits of BTREE in MySQL
MySQL slave seems confused as to just how far out of date it is
Enumerate open oracle connections
What does CREATE ASSEMBLY do with the registered dll?
Parse message_body(XML) 
Non-English characters are not imported using SSIS or Visual Studio Deploy
What is the best practice for physical deployment of data marts?
Access 2007 sql editor
Objects in v$bh but not dba_objects
Suppress SQL Server Management Studio auto complete
SQL Server how to get around the transaction log filling up when updating a column to an int
Command line switch to disable Coherence?
Can I restore a SQL Server .bak files without SQL Server?
Multitable partition guide
What's the formula for calculating Key Efficiency, Key Buffer Used, and Query Cache Hitrate in MySql?
Lock wait timeout exceeded on insert despite low lock_time in the slow query log
Create stored procedure to select the data?
Mismatched Oracle drivers - need upgrade (10.2.0.1 to 10.2.0.5)
Connecting remote MySQL database to local MySQL database?
How to get SQLCMD to output errors and warnings only?
Dynamically Define a Range in a Dimension
SQL Server 2008R2 - Why is my index not used
Is there a way to alter a table definition (add columns) in Oracle and have it replicate to materialized views on remote databases?
mongodb: drop all collections
How, if possible, can an .sql file be executed against an oracle database from a bash script
Can I Rebuild indexes in a DB except for one table?
Parameter sniffing work arounds
Oracle: How do I query a Hierarchical table?
syscacheobjects is cleared randomly
How can I automate sharding in the presence of continuous reads
SQL and Multiple Indexes
How do I set the external editor for PostgreSQL's psql client?
What is different between SQL-Server versions 2008R2 and 2012
Working Around Filtering Problems in Merge Replication
What exactly is SOLR?
mongodb: replica-set processing reads on the primary
Possible to keep max number of records in postgresql?
MySQL Handler_read_rnd_next == tablescans without indexes?
SQL Server 2005 delete corrupt table
Maintain index on SQL Server table
How to detach a sql server 2008 database that is not in database list?
SSIS Lookup Component Irregularities
PostgreSQL PITR restore
Setting up filtering for server-side tracing
Script to generate insert statements
Can't create table or database in sql server as permission denied in database master . (Logged in with windows authentication )
How does SQL Server choose an index key for a foreign key reference?
All-or-none exclusive lock on 2 SQL tables
Using FLOATs with RAISERROR
T-SQL query using completely different plan depending on number of rows I'm updating
Slow Performance Inserting Few Rows Into Huge Table
Oracle subquery column aliasing syntax?
Why do aggregate functions alter the way my rows are fetched?
Daily database maintenance using SQL Server 2008 and a stored procedure
Is index like key(timetime) usable when we query: SELECT * ....... ORDER BY timetime DESC
MongoDB: Can I perform a second query if the first doesn't match
Primary key vs. unique index: performance difference with foreign keys?
query_cache tuning for a database server to keep db from slowing
designing server side database to store user-specific data
How to use a relational database to store all users who belong to a group, and all groups which a user belongs to?
MongoDB - handling embedded documents and relations
MySQL Set UTC time as default timestamp
MySQL: Delete all but last N records
MySQL user permission on stored procedure
High CPU usage from MySQL with no queries at all running
SQL Server 2005/2008 system timezone
How to Create a Trigger in SQL Server to Update Cascade When @@RowCount > 1?
How can I improve this design?
Running SQL Query on all databases
which option is better for not slow down the performance of queries?
Directory lookup failed when adding sample database to SQL Server 2012
Optimising a query using hint locks
SQL server indexing foreign keys, covering indexes included columns
What could trigger that a login created from a certificate is not visible in metadata
PostgreSQL data type text vs varchar without length
What is this type of query called, and how can I formulate it?
SELECT TOP in MySQL
Table partitioning for archiving data
How to create a summary report that contains other reports?
Sorting Report entries on alphanumeric combination
Error reading MySQL 5.5 binary log using mysqlbinlog
Name of the product price, line-item database pattern?
Solutions for reporting off of an EAV structured database?
What is the actual lowest possible positive REAL number
creating a database scheme for storing information about an item, which option is better?
Create function in central database or repeat in each database?
Skip running trigger during cascade delete?
How do I have RMAN treat my restored data files like they are originals?
Strategy to handle an SQL Server DB with too many files (BLOBs) in it?
Table cache hit rate is 0% - is that a huge concern?
Materialized View does not import properly when importing a db for a second time in another schema
Postgres - Create table with foreign key constraint too slow
Serialized objects vs multiple tables
Oracle server connection reset by peer socket write error
Syncing Database for Server Transition
How to use simple output parameters?
Unable to add records to query in Access 2007
Sql Server 2008 x64 ODBC Linked Server to Oracle Not Working
Trigger to UPDATE after UPDATE?
Replicate DB2 table to SQL Server 2008
Constructing Circularly Referenced Tables
Converting a large SQL Server database to MySQL. Database corruption? Can't access data after transferring
Can MySQL reasonably perform queries on billions of rows?
Administration of MySQL Users
Generate create script for all indexes
Ports necessary for Oracle 11g Replication across a firewall?
Why is my postmaster process (sometimes) becoming unmanageable after a WAL base restore?
Capabilities of InnoDB INSERT Performance
Updating a table based on condition
sql server active active configuration with same database names
Very slow MySQL query. Index problem?
Wrong behavior in Backups
Parallel Statistics Update
many 'unauthenticated user', 'connecting host', in show full processlist (Mysql 5.1.5)
Large SQL Server advice
Foreign key with multiple table options
Help with a complicated MySQL Query inserting data using select from 2 tables
All pull subscriptions cannot connect to Distributor
Checking a wide table for nulls
FIFO queue table for multiple workers in SQL Server
When is a row added to DBA_HIST_SQLSTAT?
Select products for an order via check boxes in Access 2010
Should we need to use Barriers on a production database (MySQL/InnoDB)?
Does it make sense to consolidate Oracle databases?
Directly acessing the NULL bitmap of a row in SQL Server
Do indexes consume memory?
Can I prove my database does not have memory issues?
SQL Server 2008 log directory has too much dump file
Creating User for a single contained database
What is the primary key on a temporal table?
How to transfer files at remote location using sql server job?
Restore a SQL Server database to an offline copy
InnoDB vs MyISAM with many indexes
How to recover deleted/updated record in sql server or mysql?
How to determine high availability configuration is working correctly
Move ibdata1, set innodb_data_file_path
Write to Error Log
How can I find out which statistics are evaluated by the optimizer?
How do I determine if FORCE LOGGING is on for the entire database?
Need to add a Table Level Constraint to prevent bad data - Constraint is not working
Indexed View Slows Replication
Reconciling dm_os_windows_info windows_sku values, gathering same info from pre SQL Server 2008 R2 instances
what replication option should I choose?
Flashback feature in Oracle 11g?
How to resolve too many connections and fatal error in mysql running on vps
DENY EXECUTE on one schema object hides other objects in same schema
Log rotation of diag logs?
Disabling DBMS_SCHEDULER queue
MySQL table with 100,000 records queried often
UPDATE with JOIN on 100mm records, how to do this better? (in T-SQL)
SQL Server 2008 Query Saved in Logs?
Screwed up replication by sharing server ids
When did a specific database come online?
MySQL : UNION script help
Physical memory usage approaching 100%(96%)
How to check connection string in SSMS2012?
Why does my ORDER BY sort two tables before the EXCEPT (slow) and not after (fast)?
Mysql slows down temporarily after large file copying
Remove Database from SQL Management Studio Database List
What's wrong with this MySQL query?
mysql taking too long to send data
Is there a way to start a script on the publisher when synchronization starts?
Rebuilding Indexes, DB now 10x the size
Learning to Optimize SQL Queries and Understand Execution Plans - Resources?
Database is not accessible after 'taking it offline' process failed
percona mysql crashing at innodb initialization
pt-table-checksum help required
MySQL console: Ctrl+C driving me nuts
Conversion failed when converting date and/or time from character string
Active Directory domain being shutdown-- Do I have to update my DBO accounts?
Work out date difference when there is only one date
Restore SQL Server 2012 backup to a SQL Server 2008 database?
Mechanics of partitioning
Solutions to 4-byte utf-8 characters in mysql 5.1
How does SQL Server know predicates are correlated?
What can cause TRUNCATE TABLE to take a really long time?
What are the limits on the amount of slaves per master?
Oracle listagg forces SORT (GROUP BY) execution plan
Does the partition key also have to be part of the primary key?
How to remove a database server from Utility Explorer
Is there a way to get slow-query-log-like profiling information on a single query?
How to give SQL Server Job Owner permission to Proxy a Credential
Replicating only significant records to specific database
MySQL backup with no downtime
Improve performance of sys.dm_db_index_physical_stats
slave issue with load data
How can I connect to SQL server by just using local ip address
Upgrading Remote Distributor in SQL Server Replication
Unable to mount oracle instance
Oracle backup with RMAN Options?
Dates changed to 0000-00-00
Are there reasons why I should not set my db owner to [sa]?
SQL Server query slow when paginated
Salvaging data from corrupt tables PostgreSQL
How to setup mysql on tmpfs?
Optimising MySQL
Trying to import a large sql file using BigDump. Partial fail occuring
can access to a view be controlled by access to a referenced table?
How can I select data with one query?
MySQL ODBC + setting up a DSN on windows + MySQL Workbench
SQL Server 2008 replication scenario
MySQL - INSERT INTO ... SELECT ... UNION 
Why am I getting Table scan on a partitioned table query?
SQL Server 2012 - Frequent SELECT and UPDATE on bit column. Index doesn't help
How to do automated archiving for a SQL Server database based on interpretation of database metadata?
CASE statement with IS NULL and NOT NULL
mysql dummy where check to utilize multi column index
How do automaticly delete rows from other tables
Dealing with NULL values and EMPTY strings in UNION of two tables
How can I insert smiley faces into MySQL (  )
How should I deploy these SSRS reports?
How to customize constraint violation messages?
how to find oracle calculated/computed column list using data dictionary views
PostrgeSQL 9.1 Certificate Authentication: how to get certificate common name of client?
decreased performance of stored procedure when migrated from mysql server 5.0 to 5.5
How to restore mysql DB from only myi files?
Can Windows Authentication logins be disabled on SQL Server 2008 (or R2)?
Slow performance of MySQL Join Query
Oracle out-of-place upgrade on same host: impdp issues
In Oracle, how can I give one user privileges to alter the schema of another user?
"TASK MANAGER" process is taking over a single-user mode database. What is it?
sql bulk delete is much slower?
The server principal "<mydbuser>" is not able to access the database "<mydatabase>" under the current security context
Where can I find a drawing of the physical structure of a MySQL Server?
Postgresql: Two concurrent COPY FROM
Where does it make sense to store Indexes for partitioned tables?
SQL Server Management Studio slow opening new windows
Safely moving and creating new tempdb files
Date and time parameter In msrs report
Best way to copy a SQL Server database from a remote server to local computer?
Under what conditions are polymorphic associations used? What are the alternatives?
Reorganize Indexes T-SQL
How does mysql decide if concurrent insert is possible for a MyISAM table?
I run sp_who on the database, and there is a "TASK MANAGER" process. What is it?
Page Split Timing
Why would a SQL Server 2008 R2 database disable a table index when upgraded to SQL Server 2012
MySQL, "columns partitioning" when multiple columns are individiually important
Simple survey database design
Table structure for keeping track of multiple similar accounts
Is there a name for this database schema of key values?
Two-way encryption in PostgreSQL version 9.1 database
Oracle 10g: query takes long time and adding index does not help
mysql: show which users have permissions to a DB
Convert Oracle Query for Date to MySQL queries
MySQL table design / architecture, table is too big
How to take oracle 10g backup?
SQL Server : where with cast(value as varbinary) vs cast(value as varbinary(300))
Resolving ORA-01033 "initialization or shutdown in progress"
Get profiles values where message.sender_user_id = profile.user_id
Best approach to design a database model for this situation? Clients and records
Active/Passive to Active/Active
How I should fix the following update statement to make it run faster?
Do you set an index on JOIN clauses or where clauses, or both?
Most efficient way to add a serial column to a huge table
Can I check what the allocation unit size is on my drives via a query?
Are multiple dbf files better than one?
Can I check the services currently running through SSMS?
MySQL: Very slow query, not using index, no joins involved
CPU usage on RDS instance monotonically increasing with no change to query volume
Sql server database restore vs index rebuilds
What is connection time?
"Prelogin failure" when attempting to run stored procedure across linked server
Archive table does not work
Slow MySQL Database Import with mysqldump and USE .. SOURCE
PostgreSQL vacuum duration on a big table
where varcharcol = 0 returns all rows
MySql Vs. Postgresql for a blog application
Storing many small - and a few large - strings in an RDBMS
SQL Server 2012 Resource Governor Enhancement
Should indexes automatically be placed into their own bufferpool?
Export as csv or xsl file from SQL Server 2008 express R2
VARCHAR NULL storage
Help with getters & setters in PL/SQL
Cannot write to mysql database while select query in process
Help with good RDBMS transactional schema design that mimicks a sports league
Mysql load from infile stuck waiting on hard drive
Version of Witness Server for mirroring SQL 2012
Database design - many to many
SQL Server equivalent to functionality of Oracle RAC?
Stored procedure compilation blocking due to many parameters to sp_executesql
why SELECT is still using CPU & DiskIO?
Fill factor for later bigserial + index
MySQL optimized query
Port no in Oracle Forms 11G
User autoincrement ID for username
Good way to call multiple SQL Server Agent jobs sequentially from one main job?
SQL Server Management Studio Express 2012 "ONLY"
Database tables design
Oracle Forms Runtime error
db2 express c mac osx
difference between having many non clustered index with single columns and with combination of many columns
Optimizing real-time Database table in Microsoft SQL server 2008
Want to select distinct from 3 fields
Tempdb autogrowth settings
MySQL: AVG of defined variable per month
SSIS transfer SQL server objects task -> Foreign key constraint error
Why are parallel writes in MySQL as slow as sequential writes?
How to verify postgresql db restore from pg_dump file
What free database software support sequences
postgresql dump and load -- need to dump "postgres" db also?
SQL Server Decimal(9, 0) vs INT
Long JOINS Returns No result all tables have one to many relationship with a particular table
LIMIT to one row per ID
Install db2 express c on Mac OSX
Unable to restore database in Oracle 10g
Poor performance after changing SQL Server 2008 R2 database
Cannot telnet SQL Server port 1433
Reducing DB size while restoring
SQL Server: Effect of Setting These Index Options
Resource to learn writing most efficient and highly optimized sql queries
Help with Vehicle Service database
Recover PostgreSQL database from WAL errors on startup?
Ora - 00088 error: command cannot be executed by shared server
Mysql Commands out of sync; you can't run this command now
Will SYSTEM_USER return the unique user id for users authenticated by Active Directory
AlwaysOn SQL Server setup questions
Quick look at how much RAM is allocated to SQL Server?
Should I add an arbitrary length limit to VARCHAR columns?
PostgreSQL tree structure and recursive CTE optimization
How do I normalize a database with lots of many-to-many relationships?
Change column data type across database
postgresql: how do I dump and restore roles for a cluster?
oracle crash - not starting
MySQL replication - replicate to multiple DBs on slave?
Drop and restore PostgresSQL database without losing settings
Merge Replication Snapshot Files
Does a cluster index provide more benefits than pre-sorting the load file and creating non-cluster index?
Writing transactions to .MYD file to take Backup
Table was not locked with LOCK TABLES when recreating an index
How to run specific version (8.4, 9.1) of postgresql pg_* command (e.g., pg_dump)
SQL Server SSIS issue retrieve data when I enter into login of server side?
PostgreSQL Initial Database Size
How do you represent VIEWS in an ERD?
Does order matter for composite primary key in Oracle or any database?
Management Studio all buttons disabled
How does SQL Server store the information in Job Schedule Properties?
MongoDB optimization on high data
Slow-running query on clustered MySQL environment
Deleting NULL results
AG and SQL Backups
changing float->numeric casts from assignment to implicit, dangerous?
Initializing Associative Array in PL/SQL
How to concatenate psql variables?
Stored Procedure to return dynamically created table data
Trying to create PostGIS database
Primary key should be chosen so as attributes never change?
In MySQL Workbench, insert a new column at the "top" of a table?
XML parsing failed
Unit testing of stored procedures
Aggressive Autovacuum on PostgreSQL
can sql generate a good plan for this procedure?
way to prevent queries from waiting for table level lock
T SQL Table Valued Function to Split a Column on commas
How to change a MySQL previous slave to be a master and remove slave status information?
Scalable DBaaS that can scale to hundreds of terabytes with easy backup and restore
Database schema size result differs from file size when exported
Shutdown one node in RAC
Why full-text-search returns less rows than LIKE
How do I completely disable MySQL replication
Sql server 2008 filestream maximum number of rows
SQL Server 2008 R2 Dormant Users
Oracle: Interval partitioning and dependant tables
whether a big (but not used) ibdata1 slow anything down
Which edition of SQL Server express
Single query to copy data from 3 tables into a single empty table
MySQL: InnoDB keeps crashing - how to recover?
Query to find and replace text in all tables and fields of a mysql db
Should I add SET NOCOUNT ON to all my triggers?
Default value of serial fields changes after restore
How to update one table based on another table's values on the fly?
sort a varchar field numerically in mysql
ETL import more dimensions from only 1 column
.NET SQL Server Authentication Schema issue
Similar queries taking different times to complete
Inserting into three different tables, using foreign keys -- 500000x each
How can I strip non-numeric characters out of a string?
Optimizing DELETE Query on MySQL MEMORY Table
Connecting Linked Server
Is MySql's LAST_INSERT_ID() function guaranteed to be correct?
How does the database decide which Index to use
Efficient way of changing VARCHAR to NVARCHAR fields in a large table in SQL Server 2008?
How can you save all user-defined functions to txt files on your local hard drive?
Is it possible to enlist a TSX to an MSX in a different domain?
Column definition for a SQL Server equivalent to Access BOOLEAN type
SQL Server 2005 Tools makes SQL Server 2008 Express install fail
What is really wrong with this query please?
Using indexes to create multiple relationships to a table in order to enforce data integrity and add meaning
Service Broker: Queue Monitor is dropped after poison message
What does duration measurement in sql server actually measure?
InnoDB - High disk write I/O on ibdata1 file and ib_logfile0
Is it possible to do a datapump import with a different user than did the export?
What would be a good name for a job schedule?
Always being logged in as SA and not Windows account
Reviewing all new MySql queries on staging environment
Why am I getting `Impossible WHERE noticed after reading const tables` in explain query?
ON DELETE cascade alternate
When do I need to backup the Service Master Key?
Extract query fingerprints and tables from large log files using pt-query-digest
Why do wildcards in GROUP BY statements not work?
InnoDB : Deadlock from one reader and one writer
Where to place non clustered index
Downsides to using SQL 2012 Upgrade as opposed to a fresh install?
Setting up replication for MyISAM tables?
Why are my queries getting really slow?
Log Reader replication agents are constantly restarting
How to restrict multi-tenant MySQL database?
CPU or Page Reads
Security implications of guest account and database chaining on sql server?
Good articles for SQL Server Health Check specifically for Web Applications
NuoDB with Amazon S3
Understanding Oracle's ALL_TAB_COLUMNS
How to troubleshoot COPY FROM inserting less rows then expected?
Databases entering "In recovery" mode on restore
Merge queries into one
Can't access a specific database from phpMyAdmin
The time stamp counter of CPU on scheduler id 13 is not synchronized with other CPUs
ETA: translate Oracle SQL queries to MySQL
Troubleshooting Oracle ORA-08103 - object no longer exists
Error in SQL syntax
How to get the most out of MySQL on a QuadCore machine with 16 GB of RAM?
Need suggestions for best way to archive MySQL (InnoDB) tables
Is adding rows better then adding columns in case their value is not consistent?
Import data problem in SQL Server 2008
SQL Server has encountered 1 occurrence(s) of cachestore flush
Multi-Tenant Database Schema Creation
Problem with shortest distance calculation in PostGIS
MySQL's "slow query" log: strange "Query_time"
Oracle database link to MySQL database on RedHat Linux
remove duplicate rows in mysql table that does not contain primary key
Used Memory not freed up after a SQL BULK Insert / BCP Export
Query taking long on table with low record count
Advanced Replication vs Oracle Streams
BUILTIN\Administrators accidently removed
Questions about PostgreSQL backup/restores
repeatable read and nolock
Attempting to tune a Sharepoint site using SQL Server Waits and Queues
Dealing with CXPACKET waits - setting cost threshold for parallelism
Merge replication with PDAs AND P2P replication between servers?
Denormalized table designs in normalized database?
SQL Server Workspace Memory
Is PostgreSQL 9.2 autovacuum sufficient for a busy table?
How Much Overhead Does Web Sync Add?
Differences between estimated and actual execution plans
Failed to restore mysql database with zmanda
Can't create indexes on really large table!
--replicate-wild-ignore-table doesn't work?
mysql insert into indexed table taking long time after few million records
SQL Server 2012 Data Warehousing Overall Flow
Data Collection reports fail because login is from an untrusted domain
2 similar queries in large sql server table - 1 takes too long
Default Schema Problems on server
Are there any in-memory hybrid databases available?
Maximum table size for MySQL database server running on Windows (NTFS) Table type InnoDB
ORA-00379 no free buffers
List Prepared Statements
I/O is frozen on database databasename
PostgreSQL 9.1 - Query on VIEWS taking a lot of time
Error Authenticating Proxy Account when Executing SSIS job
Do schema changes "break" Availability Groups or are they handled transparently?
MySQL: reducing ibdata file size for MyISAM tables
How can I make my database more concise?
Stuck with Oracle 9i
Relocate all files to folder checkbox unavailable sql server 2012
UPSERT - Is there a better alternative to MERGE or @@rowcount?
How to copy a MySQL database which is a mixture of InnoDB and MyISAM to the same server?
MySQL 5.5 accepts password but then closes connection
Disable autocommit for SQL Server connection in Oracle SQL Developer
Downgrading SQL Server 2012 to Lower Edition
How to rename a PostgreSQL cluster?
Postgresql: what to do about upgrading "main" cluster from 8.4 to 9.1 when a 9.1 "main" already exists?
Why does ORDER BY not belong in a View?
Sharing certificates encryped by password between DBs and instances
When is Seconds_Behind_Master too big?
Why not use SQL_Latin1_General_CI_AS for a global system?
MSQL state "closing tables" taking double the time of a process
Why is DELETE so much slower than SELECT, then DELETE by id?
Help me convert SQL statement to MySQL
Bulk grant execute permissions for scalar functions & stored procedures
Database Design - Creating Multiple databases to avoid the headache of limit on table size
How to DELETE duplicate entries on a field
Drop multiple databases in one script
Error Code: 1205 Lock wait timeout exceeded in MySQL
Follow up to certificate sharing question
employee record data model
Need a solution on dataset as given below
Dynamic access to record column in plpgsql function
Mysql database replication on different vlan/subnet/another site
Mysql Join to get multiple row value from
Is MariaDB a suitable drop in replacement for MySQL on a standard LAMP stack?
Oracle big datafile restore fails using Netbackup (ORA-19511, ORA-27190)
Basic PARTITION question in MySQL
DELETE LOW_PRIORITY row visibility
Why won't Oracle alter the size of a column that is used for sub partitioning?
Scaling Percona datacenters: setup and replication
Transactional Replication snapshot locking Publisher db from beginning
Function/procedure to use dblink to fetch remote data and insert to multiple local tables
Ideal environment and cost for running a medium size MongoDb server
why/how does the number of matched columns influences the way of excecuting a query
Pipe psql timing to file
Taking backup of all the databases in SQL Server
Restoring an SQL Server 2012 MDF to SQL Server 2008
Are there any best practices before moving SQL Server to another node (controlled failover)?
SQL Server Log: The database 'master4IDR' is marked RESTORING
How to create a new DB with same data from another DB in oracle 10g
Is there a timeout for a query over database link?
Why does dbms_scheduler max_run_duration not raise event JOB_OVER_MAX_DUR?
What is the most efficient way to get the minimum of multiple columns on SQL Server 2005?
Clean trace files on Oracle 11g
Find fragmented space free below HWM Oracle
How to append some letters or numbers to already existing data
MySQL GRANT control
Implications of using a Unique NonClustered Index with Covering Columns instead of a Primary Key
Oracle - Need help with RMAN Active Duplication on Windows 32 bit to a 64 bit
Ordering of rows with different kinds of objects
Proper use of NULL, and utilizing CHECK constraints for business logic vs stored procedures
What is running right now?
Where should I fix the deadlock?
Cube Designer Aggregation Wizard Optimization Zero Percent Every Time
How can I optimize this mySQL table that will need to hold 5+ million rows?
SQL Server 2012 Standard Edition - multiple instances and memory utilization
PostgreSQL is running locally but I cannot connect. Why?
How to Remove Articles Based on User
How to match on a longer word using MySQL Full Text Search?
sp_send_dbmail fails when mailing queries, but no error returned, query just hangs
Is there a way to hint to query optimizer to MySQL which constraints should be done first?
Query to change all field in a given mysql table?
Is an X lock on an "application" a bad thing?
Deleting Entries from Table not reducing my DB file
ORA-12541: TNS:no listener using EXPDP
Best solution for search scenario
New transactions during a Sybase "dump database" command
DMZ server unable to connect through SQL Browser
Database Relationships overview appreciated
Extract some columns data from one table and insert into multiple tables
Derby slows down after 1.2 million records
DBLINK match a value from a local table
EC2 - How to correctly back up PostgreSQL data?
Can I rely on functions being executed first in SQL
Why does SELECT 1/2 return 0?
How to set constraints on UDT in SQL Server 2005 - 2012
How to store several lists and their items
What is recommended level of security for a production database?
How To insert records in SqlExpress Database tables through sqlscript while installing setup?
MySQL Statement not displaying some values
Error When Restoring Backed Up Tables
Why does altering a table and adding a foreign key create an extra constaint?
SQL SERVER 2008 TVF OR CHARINDEX to search column with comma
Merge replication fails on executing query
Warnings: Why are statements with limit clause unsafe even if there isn't a limit?
SQL Server job timeout
Unique Contraint/Index Based On Values
How do I create a user for SQL Server whose queries (any/all) are time limited?
Full Text search returns duplicate keys
More than 20 columns in database table MySQL
Mysql: Tell InnoDB to keep a specific table or database out of pool/cache?
How unsafe is it to change the data source of repl_distributor on a publisher
simulate sequence on mysql in preparation for move to oracle
Oracle Streams Setup Error
SQL Server 2008 R2 Service Broker Troubleshooting
Oracle function based index is not used in query
Access 2000 database rapid growth
sql server down bad things happens
Is there any way to speed up a query with 3x UNION on the same large table?
SQL Server - In Recovery
Which option do I have to modify to see more records without press `q`
Allow user to do anything within his own schema but not create or drop the schema itself
How to manage millions of users?
single select vs multiple selects using limit and offset
DB2 LOAD data into table - Interpreting the error messages
Verify if I can use a given directory
Merge replication - can't create snapshot  timeout
COUNT with set DIFFERENCE and UNION
sp_execute expects parameter '@handle' of type 'int'
PostgreSQL : Is this because of locks(row level)?
How can we uninstall multiple instances of SQL Server 2008 without restarting the O/S?
Should Crystal Report be allowed for certain employees for production database?
Why I cannot let EXPLAIN update statements?
Why are there Victimless Entries on the Deadlock Graph?
SQL Server 'Create Database' statement. How to inherit autogrowth settings?
Partition Key questions in SQL Server 2008
Msg 14027, Level 11, State 1, Procedure sp_MSrepl_addarticle [table] does not exist in the current database
Atypical problem with ORA-01445
How to detect compatibility errors - SQL Server 2012 
SQL Server 2012 is putting [brackets] around Table and Column Names
Questions about handling NULLs and empty strings in nvarchar and numeric fields
SQL Server database backups
Oracle hint failure
Copy database fails while trying to copy login
How to break out of error loop in transactional replication?
PostgreSQL 9.1 vs MySQL 5.6 with InnoDB ? Which is better for scaling?
SQL Server 2008 Database growth issue.
Log Shipping Monitor Stored Procedure returning Null
How do I find out the "redo log file max size" in Oracle 11R2
Should I put followers_no & following_no & product_no & last_login and etc in the user table? Won't updates cause fragmentation on the table?
Can I reorganise index on a sql server 2005 database without performance hit on production server
What does this code do?
How do I allow remote connection in SQL Server 2008 Express
SQL Server 2008: The database [dbName] is not accessible
SQL Server 2008: NULL SID for WINDOWS_USER in sys.database_principals
Set-up MySQL Server on Windows 7 64-bit
SQL Server 2008 R2 Transactional Replication "Cannot insert explicit value for identity column..."
SQL Server 2012 Performance Test
MySQL Workbench asking for password
Create SSIS package to copy data between SQL Server 2008 installs on different machines?
Are there disadvantages to contained databases?
Select TOP @N where @N is a variable from another Query
How can I set up a read only odbc connection?
Does my associated ASM Instance have any play in Re-naming my SID?
MS SQL Server - Checkpoint process stuck in SLEEP_BPOOL_FLUSH
How export a database based in a primary key of a table?
Decorating an existing database table with information that no one else cares about
Is there a way to do data export from Amazon Web Services RDS for SQL Server to On-Premises SQL Server?
Naming the parts of a supertype/subtype pattern
New Cluster Testing - Best Practice
Can SQL Express be used as a Log Shipping monitor server?
Access denied Error in MySQL and Drupal
Are these MySQL queries efficient?
Connecting pgAdmin3 to Postgres on Heroku
cannot convert yyyymmdd to yyyy-mm-dd - arithmetic overflow error
What are the differences between SQL I/O Sim and SQL IO tools?
Assertion failure from InnoDB while restoring using Innobackupex
How to find out which host / IP address / program performed a delete?
Tune postgres 9.1 to speedup deletes
SQL Server : explicitly create an index on a primary key and unique fields
Giving all permissions to all users for a database in SQL Server
Oracle 10.2g Character Set Migration
How to structure Master/Detail tables for performance without denormalizing?
System disk run out of space when running heavy SQL queries on SQL Server 2012
MYSQL dump and problems character encoding
Set a column's default value to the concatenation of two other columns' values?
Appropriate multi-language schema, or overkill?
Refactoring Series of UNIONs in single table (SQL/SYBASE)
summary column in ssrs2005 matrix
Transaction Log Truncation with Copy Only
Documenting a giant web of inter-related stored procedures in an MS SQL database: What tool or format?
Local database vs Amazon RDS
How do you figure out what planner cost constants to use in Postgres?
Oracle 11G - Index Rebuild VS GATHER_TABLE_STATS
Deleting bin logs in replication environment
What happen when changing column type for a table with clustered index?
Database Design (Stores + Products)
How to link data from a table to another table in sqlite database?
Send data from SQL to a serial port or IP address
Slow insert performance in mysql innodb table for solr indexing
I was interrupted while transferring a very large table. How can I pick it up from where it stopped?
SQL Server : KEY lock prevents FK on nearby row, but not SELECT
Session in "Sql*net message from client", but is active
How do I import a specific line from a text file into MySQL
Slow queries on SQL Server
How to import Timestamp from a CSV file
how to avoid duplicated column in two different tables?
How to handle temporary tables with mutliple connections?
Optimization problem: compound clustered keys, flag conditions and index-merge
sysschedules datatype choices
Sql Server Agent notification email  with custom message
On SQL Server Backup: Msg 3271, Level 16, State 1, Server Line 1 A nonrecoverable I/O error occurred on file
How to control the order of servers listed in the SSMS connection dialog?
Why are queries parsed in such a way that disallows the use of column aliases in most clauses?
SQL - Need some advices for building a large db
Duplicate primary key in bulk insert after truncate in SQL Server 2008?
rsExecutionNotFound when directly accessing an SSRS report
How to shard 14 gb of data for archival database?
DTS error when a parameter is added to an Execute SQL Task
How SQL server database reorganize memory
ALTER SYSTEM DISCONNECT SESSION doesn't work
How can I keep two tables in two different databases with different schemas the same in real-time?
Display Postgres server output in terminal and record to logs at same time
MySQL Editor Hangs on attempt to Launch
SQL Server database : moving from 2008 to 2005 - encrypted procedure issue
Restore MSDB data to a new server
Cannot access any database in SQL Server 2008 R2 Express after moving workstation from domain to workgroup
How to change the instance name of SQL Server Express 2008?
How to change SQL Server Service Account using PS
Warning SQL01271: The unnamed foreign key between tables [dbo].[Match] and [dbo].[Team] will be checked by checking the table
Import/export wizard code page error
Does MySQL have a limitation of one index per query?
What is going wrong with postgresql initdb? Why is the `UTF-8` encoding not getting enforced?
Running queries with SQLCMD vs. Running queries with SSMS
Primary key type change not reflected in foreign keys with MySQL Workbench
Fast Recovery in SQL Enterprise Edition
Suppress SQLCMD messages
According to the SQL92 spec, can I store the value 1 in a field where the precision = scale?
SQL Server 2008 user, group, or role already exists in the current database
Sql Server Linked Server
How to create a new instance of PostgresSQL on OS-X 10.8 Server
Power went out - Did query finish?
free database modelling software
MySQL query took 98 seconds to run but EXPLAIN looks okay
Revert to old plan in Oracle
Reset MySQL root password in LAMPP server on Ubuntu
Setting up SQL Server 2008 R2
fast bulk incrementing in MySQL
MySQL Cluster: Problem Connecting the SQL node
database schema design for school system
Tool to match mysql password encryption
How to create a SQL Server 2008 backup without logs with mirroring
Can sql server 2000 and 2012 coexist on the same server?
Does having an index on a VARCHAR column with a lot of very similar starting values have bad performance
MySQL Triggers Different Database Different Server
Unique combination key MySQL
Is there data visualisation tool for postgresql which is capable of displaying inter schema relations as well?
What is a source table, and a target table?
How does compound index help speed up query?
I have Fragmented Index on a empty table!
Converting Python's date format to a MySQL
Determining SQL Server memory requirements
Composing the "ultimate database maintenance script"
How do I swap tables in MySQL?
Shrinking Reluctant Log Files
Mapped drive for Microsoft SQL Server 2008
Implementing "ANY" aggregate operator in T-SQL
How can I import Create Table Statement from SQL Developer into Visio to create an Entity Relationship Diagram?
Export SQL Server varbinary field to string using Visual Basic script in SSIS?
Filtering data ordered by rowversion
Within a RHEL 6.3 + High Reliability Add-on, how do I add DB2 (v9.7) into a service group to have the service controlled by the cluster?
Dodgy causes of ORA-12549?
Login failed for user 'NT AUTHORITY\ANONYMOUS LOGON'. (MsDtsSrvr)
Copying View in Management Studio
Retrieve Indices of Associative Array as Collection
Testing an Oracle DB connection before it is made - ERROR?
Doing a comparison on two csv files with no Primary Key
Single query to return counts over different IDs in a single record
compare/sync databases from different computers
Remove the last character from Variable String
Oracle - How can I find the session id of a shell script (Linux)?
transactional Replication of millions of updates
SQL Server 2008 R2 Express size
Dynamic Dimension Security
Equivalent of CHARINDEX OR IN for ints
Can we back up mysql databases by copying files?
Sudden Query Performance Degradation On A Linked Server
When is should/shouldn't the Entity Attribute Value (EAV) pattern be used?
Enabling InnoDB on an existing MySQL production server
Why this query returns rows that I don't want to be there
Where are queries against a linked server actually processed?
unique constraint on a set
SELECT DISTINCT on one column, while returning the other columns?
Get a fixed value on a select
Can I move data and full text search files to another drive and change the drive letter?
Is having all entity tables inherit from one main entity table a bad idea?
Simple Search on 13 Terabyte Oracle Database to return relevant rows (.net app? Java?)
group by and having query need help?
Make sure two columns are sorted in the same order
Reporting Table Design
Is it possible to pass parameters to pt-table-checksum using an options file?
SQL Server does not optimize parallel merge join on two equivalently partitioned tables
Table and query design options
Backup and restore of RDBMS(Oracle, DB2, SQL Server) from Perl
What are the different connections of MySql?
Help with normalization - Homework
In SQL Server Replication, at what point is it recommended that one separate the distributor?
Difficulty in moving a SQL Server database
Oracle DBCA utility: "Listener is not up or database service is not registered with it"
What is the difference between SQLEXPRESS and MSSQLSERVER?
Option to tell Toad to never split a file which contains multiple objects?
CREATE FILE encountered operating system error 5 (Access is denied.)
Where can I find guidelines for building a SQL Server machine specifically for DBCC CHECKDB work?
Generally speaking, what pecking order should be used when tuning SQL Server?
How do you extend the tablespace when using innodb_file_per_table?
Escaping a single quote in SQL Server 2005
How can I track the last modified user of a file in an SQL Server 2012 FileTable
Problem joining two tables in MySQL
Query for data that is not there
Can anyone describe the step by step process of recovery , backup and restore in sql server
Creating a bar chart from datatable
Similar function NOWAIT in MySQL
MySQL re-install fails under Mountain Lion
How can I conditionally summarize multiple rows in Microsoft Access?
Best way to re-import large amount of data with minimal downtime
UDF in check constraint -- downside?
PostgreSQL schemas and search_path
InnoDB - Use combined index with primary key on GROUP BY
How can I delete duplicates records in a table efficiently
How can I speed up "show columns" on MySQL?
Is the SQLTRACE_FILE_BUFFER wait type documented? What does it indicate?
Does the MySQL primary key affect the efficiency of a SELECT query?
mysql transaction vs lock
Tiered permissions to generate conditional data access
Writing to a DKNF database, but reading from a de-normalized table for performance?
Per person weighted answers
Designing an aggregation schema
designing multiple tables while eliminating duplication?
OPTION FORCE ORDER improves performance until rows are deleted
query generate the information one column in two columns in one query
Using SQL Profiler on SSIS package
Recommendation for free event monitoring software
CROSS JOIN with temp table and CASE statement
How to copy bytea from Postgres to Oracle
Should I restart the instance after adjusting Memory Allocation and MAXDOP?
SQL Server Replication :: Dedicated Distributor Hardware Requirements
How do I list all columns for a specified table
SQL Server : reasons not to use default database settings for ANSI_NULLS?
Is possible to optimize this query or it's already optimized?
How to truncate all tables with a specific name in all databases
Memory problems with MySQLWorkbench
How to do a simple SELECT/UPDATE/DELETE performance test?
What is a good way to query data stored in multiple identical tables split by date/time
SQL Server 2008 - Run the Check Database Integrity Task with the PHYSICAL_ONLY option?
INNER JOIN making COUNT(*) slow
SQL Server EXECUTE AS trouble
Checking if 2 tables ( on different servers ) have the same exact data
Speeding up COUNT(*) - WHERE clause slowing query
SQL Server 2005: Full-text search, order by matches
SQL Server 2005: Full-text search catalog design
Get all comment.message, status.message, users.* and profiles.* where users.user_id exists in friend.friend_id or friend.user_id
SQL Server 2005: Full-text search space requirements
What can cause a mirroring session to timeout then failover?
which one is more efficient query?
How can I time-stamp data in MongoDB?
SQL Server and Over-Indexing Tables
SQL Query with ODBC, Joins and Group Bys
Why Regenerate Snapshots For Merge Replication
Can I have an InnoDB master and MyISAM slaves with Full-Text for searching?
Performance comparison in ways a SSIS package can be run
Write Intensive SQL Server Architecture
error 1118: row size too large. utf8 innodb
How to add spatial indexes through rockmongo
SQL Replication Commands
SQL Server 2005: Full-text search on a multi-lingual table
Find out what setting were used for a given stored procedure
Transfer data from database1 to database2 using task queue
Error on Oracle calling external procedures
Which RDBMS best fits my need?
User defined function performance disadvantages
Performance of Inline-TVF vs. Views
Setting up a central CLR stored procedure / function respository library for internal stored procs in other databases to use?
"Mysql has gone away" heavy multiple insert
Issues with Indexed Views in SQL Server 2008r2 on a table with persisted columns and with low DML activity
Oracle 10g Listener problem
Trouble Creating AG Listener: The WSFC Cluster could not bring the Network Name resource
FORALL on Nested Collections
SQL Server Job History Disappears After 5 Days
Several values from different tables
Starting PostgreSQL server after a HDD crash results in FAILED STATE
How do I calculate COUNT(*) for a range without needing to use multiple queries in mysql
java.sql.SQLException: Login failed for user 'sa'
Mongo cannot find my collection
Being careful about additional records being added in a duplicate record merge?
How does the QUEUE_DELAY option for Server Audits work
Help on designing SSAS Dim and Fact table
Optimizing MySQL for Read-Only?
how to fetch different data on compare rows of two tables
How can I generate a random bytea
PostgreSQL hot standby promotion, multiple hot standbys
MySQL: self-administration for multiple users
DB2: Is it good to create the LONG table space to use 32 KB data page
DB2: Is it good to create the index table space to use 32 KB data page
Is this database fine for calculation?
Can I get the union of the a Postgres fulltext index?
Where is sp_MSrepl_getpublisherinfo in SQL Server?
Commonly Used Acronyms by Database Administrators
Why restoring a large sql file via SSH seems to quit partially through the process
How To Remove Leading Characters in SQL
T-SQL command to log in as a different user?
Partition Function vs. Clustered Index
Over use of Oracle With Clause?
SQl Server Password Change after installation
Create unique numeric token on PostgreSQL
What are practical hurdles in making protein interaction database?
SQL Server: Look for column headers
How to display query result in rockmongo by using execute method
Where can I get this nice phpMyadmin features for mongodb
Cassandra upgrade/repair issues in migration
Character Set Database Migration
Architectural Question about Data analytics
Need some help with this query get all status and their associated comments of me and all my friends
Duplicate Customer Records for SQL Query from ODBC with Joins and Group Bys
Views missing on MySQL database
MySQL GROUP BY and ORDER BY giving inconsistent results
How to see what was executed in the database via binlogs for specific date?
Mysql backup strategies?
Can CDC or Change Tracking be against a read only secondary?
mongoDB rs.initiate hangs
Good tool for simulating many threads doing INSERTS UPDATES SELECTS and DELETES on an ODBC database?
Beginner problems administering users on mysql
MySQL Exec_Master_Log_Pos value greater than Read_Master_Log_Pos
BCP error near the keyword 'as'
Is there a way to create a re-usable base table definition in InfoSphere Data Architect?
java.sql.SQLException: Login failed for user 'sa'
Get a record's current partition
SQLite3 simple database design question
How and when does SQL Agent update next_run_date/next_run_time values?
Database modelling best practice question
Workaround to importing data
Why is "Lookup" colored as a function reserved word in SQL Server?
How to Create Database Audit Specification for a column?
how to change drive for Partitioned tables
How do I create a user invitation model?
Passing values to variables defined in SSIS package at run time
SQL Server Agent fails to start in Failover cluter
create trigger which inserts rows depending on enum values?
Which graph database for search engine and gis?
SQL Server Database Mirroring : strange client application behavior upon failover
When to switch from MyISAM to InnoDB?
How to log logon logoff and user activity on mySQL server for audit?
Will these queries return the same results?
Direct the OUTPUT of an UPDATE statement to a local variable
Non-Clustered Indexes - keys and nonkeys
Oracle SecureFile - DBFS
Drop user did not reduce size of tablespace file
Optimizing my update sequence
Can you make SSL and SSL-only (hostssl) connections to PGPool?
Build a three table join with a recusive table in the middle?
Difference between count(*) and count(1) in mysql?
Database table data transfer between different servers using bcp.exe and mysqldump
Does a numeric field always use the same disk space?
How do I replicate a MySql server's data without using mysqldump?
Changing the port of the postgresql server for security reasons
Oracle startup error: "end-of-file on communication channel"
Can spatial index be a part of a multiple columns index?
Does 'Cities' deserve a separate table?
Fastest way to copy data from MyISAM to InnoDB
How to use MySQL Server 5.6 for GeoIP replication?
Optimizations for new SQL Server 2000 database that will act as email queue AND API database
Analysing SQL Server Network I/O
Oracle 11g r2 standard edition installation - set environment variable PATH and create tnsnames.ora
SUM and JOIN SELF
MySQL INSERTs waiting for UPDATEs (MyISAM)?
Two SQL Server with one TCP port
Why would "Drop Database" fail on local SQL Server 2005 Express instance?
Large scale, hard to model design advice needed
Providing an ad-hoc report facility for business users in SQL Server 2008 R2
SQL server job deployment
Optimizing table and choosing storage engine
Import CSV File
Which tables to create according to relations
SQL Server 2008 transaction log full
I would like to launch a pg_dump command from a remote computer
Is shrinking a transaction log OK to do on a live database?
SQL Server : Transactional Replication Computed Column
Database is too large due to appended backup
SQL Select WHERE row updated
Best solution for cross-datacenter MySQL master-slave replication
Troubleshooting Failed SQL login from WMI service
SQL Server considerations when backing up / restoring a database that uses replication
SQL Server data partitioning
Amazon RDS MySQL 5.5 Innodb Lock wait timeout exceeded
PostgreSQL crash recovery
Listing the existing SQL Server Logins and Users
How do I create a rule for a Primary Key
Rebuilding index has impact on mdf/ldf files SQL Server 2008
Mongodb - Returning the points nearest to a location, with distance
mysql "Unsafe statement"
Show procedure code in MySQL
Data storage in innodb
How do I reindex a MYSQL table using a different disk?
What is the function of rebuilding indexes?
MySQL Workbench copies Schema, but not data, from SQL Server 2008
Can I connect to a SQL Server 2000 instance from SQL Server Management Studio 2012?
Limiting Generated Sequence Values in Multi-table Insert
Designing a user authenication (Roles & Rights) module
How to selectively replicate a PostgreSQL database
Providing an ad-hoc report facility for business using in MySQL and PHP?
How to restrict sequence like ID type to C type like int64_t, uint64_t, int32_t?
Are JOINs on non-indexed columns faster than sub-queries?
What program should I use to open .db3 files?
Why Oracle sessions are still alive after two weeks being Inactive
Optimizing a compare query
Default Constraints with Merge Replication
Microsoft SQL Server 2008 - Catching user role changes with SQL Server Profiler?
Oracle.exe (SHAD) process keeps increasing
Problems on filegroup size -- SQL Server 2005
SQL Cluster without a shared disk. Possible?
Improve query performance with index
Selecting 'edge' records in a sequence of data
MySQL standalone
How database size affects performance: Theory vs reality
SQL Server 2008: The login is from an untrusted domain and cannot be used with Windows authentication
Single or multiple databases?
MySQL - Partially restore binary log
Check ruby gem and SQLite3 for FTS3 or FTS4 support
What should I consider when deciding between passing a comma-delimited string to a stored procedure instead of calling it individually per record?
Oracle: deleting data from tables leads to data file fragmentation?
Bug in PL/pgSQL function creation
How can I save a severely fragmented database/table?
Why is Clustered Index on Primary Key compulsory?
How do I merge two XML variables in SQL Server (2005/2008)?
MySQL: Loop over cursor results ends ahead of schedule
Connecting to a Remote SQL Server 2008 Instance
Why you want to avoid Dynamic SQL in stored procedure?
Timeout on remote query over database link
Reason to not use nullable number in Oracle?
How do I perform a UNION query on a dynamic list of tables?
Unable to alter authorization on an mirroring endpoint to a login with a slash in the name
What units are 'reads' and 'writes' in dm_exec_query_stats
MySQL Innodb: What is the difference between running 'mysqlcheck --optimize --all-database' compared to running 'optimize table' in the mysql client?
Learning DB2 without a local install
Updating Multiple Rows with Data from Column A into Column B?
Calculate MSB on MySQL
Error updating sql server geography type in trigger
How can i prevent decryption in SQL Server procedures
EXISTS and sub-query cost
How can I improve the speed of a query on a 20 million+ row table?
Creating dump file with use command
how to query for rows by specifying the range of row numbers in postgresql
Exporting MySQL Database into single SQL File in TOAD
PL/pgSQL function + client-side lo_import
Database design experienced view
Escaping T-SQL Keywords
How can I manage Primary Key length limit of 900 bytes when using hirarchyid 2 columns?
What are sensible/rational character limits in a database e.g. for a persons name
Can NOLOCK in a stored procedure be overridden when executing it?
disable constraints before using pg_restore.exe
How to set unique columns combination
Managing Sql Server 2012 Standard Edition
MySQL - How much physical space will be reduced by changing the column type?
Does an analysis/optimization tool like SqlYog exist for SQL Server 2005 (and later)?
Removing physical fragmentation
Is MySQL Clustering a viable option for a DB expecting 5TB of data in 5 years?
What is a "Reporting Task for Subplan" task in SSIS, and how can I create one?
When creating asymetric key from assembly does assembly need to stay on the file system
PostgreSQL import CSV File causes Syntax Error
SQL Server Query: Inefficient where clause
Is there a way to test whether DELETE will fail due to constraints?
Login failure error log when querying Central Management Server group
Placing Transaction Log on Separate Volume [solid state]?
Does this normalized model for artist music records make sense?
Copy PostgreSQL data from one PC to another
How do you roll up header-level values on a fact table with line-item granularity?
What happens when the mirroring server goes offline (for a short while)?
Does MongoDB auto compacting
What's the fastest way to replicate data?
Determining the optimal Column Widths from a .csv File
How does MySQL 5.1 use indexes?
How to make multiple counts in one query?
Pros and Cons of virtualisation technology for database-server and datastorage
How can I test sql scripts intended to run with sqlcmd -v in Sql Server Management Studio
MySQL 5.5 not starting after master-master configuration
SQL Server ODBC Mirror/Failover Partner
How to connect once for all queries in SQL Server Management Studio?
How can place SQL Server online on the internet?
How to print out the query SQL text of a transaction by querying the "fn_dblog" or DBCC LOG('DataBaseName')?
Strugling with updating a cassandra row in FluentCassandra
Is it possible to get SQL Server 2008 to download a file from a URL
Foreign key constraints failures
SQL Server trigger (update or insert with inner join problem)
SSMS Object Explorer Details causes deadlock while job is running
DynamoDB: searching with primary key or range key, which way is faster?
SQL Server Mirroring kicks in before cluster has time to fail over
SQL Server and updating windows firewall rules
SQL Server 2008 R2 - Weekly / Monthly Statistics
Schema for 1 <-> 0..1(+), many related but only one primary
What's better/faster? MySql or FileSystem?
Why database diagrams are not working when domain account is attached to database owner?
Benefits of using backtick (`) in MySQL queries?
xp_cmdshell bcp wont save file
Sub-query executes 1 time for a parent query or more?
Unable to select the records from specific partition in mysql?
impdp import fails with object already exists in oracle 10g?
Estimate a Database Size
Mirroring Databases in MySQL
Database for an application similar to Chatroulette
How far should bind variables go in Oracle?
DB2 Express-C 10.1 database move to DB2 Work group Server/Enterprise Edition
MySQL table locks solution -> InnoDb / Partitions
Can the default minimum date range for 'datetime' be changed in SQL Server 2008 R2?
Correlated subquery and join: still the same exectution plan?
MySQL table locks solution -> InnoDb / Partitions
Secure way to connect: Windows Authentication or SQL Server Authentication and why?
Size of an empty database
How to disable case sensitivity in SQL Server 2005 for object name (Table name)?
High rise in SQL Server CPU after adding a DB
Querying a database efficiently for a huge chunk of data
MySQL trigger - delete data from multiple tables
Vehicle spare parts inventory datadase model
Proper tuning for 30GB InnoDB table on server with 48GB RAM
Performance tuning for gap analysis of table
configure remote connection for multiple instances sql server 2008
T-SQL: Convert XML to string without self-closing tags
Data Compression Through Base36 Encoding
How To Optimize and Repair InnoDB tables? ALTER and OPTIMIZE table failed
Convert datetime to europe default without time
How to convert execution time to a specific format?
WorkAround for PHP PDO(with libpq V 9.1.4) binding for use of CITEXT?
3NF decomposition + database normalization
Get and count all blog posts and all users that fits a LIKE condition (two sepparated queries)
How do I persist recurring events?
How to simplify schema for multi database / hundreds of millions of rows data set
How to convert query results into groups of common results
MySQL Query - How to get most recent demographics?
How do I design a Dimension and Fact Table from a relational database?
Finding differences between a master and slave when pt-table-sync fails
Is it possible to check a date in SQL?
Is there a way to recover a dropped mysql database?
Improve performance of a Fact Table
Database Mail Issue
Database created in sqlcmd but missing in SQL Server Management Studio
Are there any way to stop typing 'go' in sqlcmd?
Optimizing multi-table left joins
mysql: Show GRANTs for all users
Querying multiple tables
how to use a different tmp dir for INTO OUTFILE select with MySQL?
Why not use a table instead of a materialized view?
MySQL query not using an index when table contains many records
Is it possible to limit the maximum disk usage for a user
MySQL InnoDB Index in swap
Clarification about master slave configuration in mysql
Cross Apply without a function
Sql Server - Best Practices for Growing Database Files
Improving database design for category based site
Linux Error: 29: Illegal seek in LSNRCTL for Linux Version 11.2
Optimizing MySQL -
SQL Server database encoding
Sql Server And Very Hot CPU % of Total Wait Time
Many to Many Relationship Question
Find who will change a record in oracle DB
Creating a form using SSRS
Use MySQL to regularly do multi-way joins on 100+ GB tables?
Is it possible to synchronize two ms access db?
"lock request time out period exceeded" Error When Trying to See DB Hierarchies
SQL Partioning on date, how does it work for future records?
Distributing MySQL database on n systems
Connect only once for all queries in SSMS?
selecting multiple instances of a record based on record lifespan over years
memc_delete called from a MySQL trigger loop fails randomly
Removing/overwriting sensitive data located in already deleted records in ibdata files
Postgres query plan of a UDF invocation written in pgpsql
Simple queries taking ages to run after changing from MyISAM to InnoDB
innodb_force_recovery when InnoDB corruption
Does surrogate key assignment for a fact table require that the source data has natural keys?
Database design for changing number of fields
Why should a CTE start with a semi-colon?
rebuilding indexes and logshipping?
Could running ANALYZE on all databases on large InnoDB tables show some performance increase?
Is Log Shipping or Mirroring a better solution for Disaster Recovery?
Are there limitations on size or record count in MySQL?
Using Multi-table Insert for Parent and Child Table
Incremental Database/Data Change Restore
MySQL Workbench model/source synchronize issue
Import a Oracle DMP file into a Fresh install of oracle
Event Notification / Service Broker - no inserts anymore, "previously existing connection with the same peer"
How can I change the target server type for a trace template?
How do you connect to SQL Server 2008 Express when SA is disabled?
How To dump data from Oracle to Vertica
What's faster than Mirroring tables, compare or write?
What SSMS and/or Visual Studio tools sync SQL Server environments?
Rules in SQL Server 2005
Compare MongoDB and MySQL
What mechanisms do you use to notify third parties of future schema changes?
How to GROUP_CONCAT DISTINCT values in a MySQL query that gets number of records and min/max values?
Connecting to an SQL server instance without using square brackets to avoid backslash
How to force Windows to support not supported LC_COLLATE and LC_TYPE in PostgreSQL?
Error: couldn't connect to server 127.0.0.1:27017 src/mongo/shell/mongo.js:91 when changing mongodb data directory
hStmt/cursor error caused by faulty data? 
Oracle 11g .DMP viewer
Frequent MySQL table corruptions and instability
remote connection
Oracle sqldeveloper Database Diff - not seeing indexes/sequences
MySQL Database Temporarily Compromised?
Other than restarting SQL Server, is there any way to force the SQLCLR AppDomain to be reset?
De-Cluster SQL Server 2012
RETURN statement before DEALLOCATE CURSOR
INDEX on a table where I'm only filtering on a row_number()
Is it possible to increase query performance on a narrow table with millions of rows?
Merge statement deadlocking itself
EAV structure explained in Layman's terms
SQL Server index / performance help needed (index scan and a sort taking 40 minutes)
Modelling constraints on subset aggregates?
SSRS 2008 Report toggling between images for various field values
Simple Oracle query hangs depending on WHERE clause
PAD_INDEX and FILLFACTOR on clustered Identity index
Page setup and print layout in SSRS Report
Sudden MySQL connection issue
SQL Server 2008 SP1 to SQL Server 2008 R2 upgrade
how do I configure a new Oracle 11g instance to match the configuration of the old Oracle 10g server
What should I set max_connections to for MySQL?
SQL Server Transaction Log Initial Data Load
SQL Server 2008 log shipping via JungleDisk
Using Service Broker internal to a single SQL Express instance?
Why is this query not using my nonclustered index, and how can I make it?
From a design perspective, what is the difference between an inventory system and an asset tracking system?
What should I use? A string or 15 integer fields?
Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2 backup error
What are the most compelling reasons to upgrade from SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2012?
How to backup/restore SQL Server database from command line similar to mysql
SQL Server: Log Shipping Read Only
User can't see database in SQL Server 2008 R2
How can you output UPDATE / INSERT query results when using MySQL -e,--execute?
How large should my pool size be? And should I use pgbouncer?
SQL Server Express vs. Oracle Express Edition vs DB2 Express-C
Mongo connection failing with 'Transport endpoint is not connected'
Reformatting master MySQL server and temporary solution
Need for reaching data through clustered index with a non-clustered index
SQL Server 2008: use AVG() and an inner join
Store SSRS Report export directly to database
Constrain input to a few different strings
Writing select result to a csv file
Oracle High-water Mark: how relevant it is when using ASSM tablespace for tables?
How to design a table for storing news items?
SSRS Report joining data sets in BID 2008
Oracle not available error with Oracle XE 11.2.0-1.0
SQL Server performing slow
Why do we have to use SWITCH in table partitioning?
BULK INSERT permission on a single database
How to schedule a weekly backup of a database only if it has been changed since last backup
Why my application is blocked infinitely and SQL Server never timeout and kill the deadlock
Database starts always in recovery mode
SQL Server LocalDB Instance; error restoring backup (MasterDBPath not available)
How are indexes represented in an ERD?
How to get notices to the output stream?
Using Inteval Datatype to store result of calculation
SQL Server Merge Replication, Agent Batch Size
SHOW SLAVE HOSTS shows incorrect output
Create index view with self join
Best value for fill factor in index
How to remove xmlns from child elements with FOR XML
Safely promoting master to slave
Creating new TempDB files
Database Design for Questions and Answers
Can I "Execute T-SQL Statement Task" against all user databases?
How to check if a subquery has exactly one distinct result and a specified value concisely?
How do you manage a list for particular object. for eg. user comments on specific object(user post etc.)
Select ``,* from table?
In-memory SQL Server log file
SQL Server : how to drop all constraints on a table in T-SQL
SQL Server TempDB behaviour in large memory environment
What GUI tools can be used for PostgreSQL in Mac OS X?
Total of orders open on a given date for each date in a date range
What happens to existing MySQL databases when I upgrade my Ubuntu distro?
How to interpret this "db.explain()" for this mongodb query
Date format in SSRS
Is Index Used for This Query
foreign key constraints on same table
Does pt-table-checksum point out rows that are different between Master and Slave?
What does reslen and other means in mongodb log?
How do I ensure consistent MySQL backups?
The order of columns in a table
After server move a query doesn't work anymore
Arabic characters not displaying in oracle database
How to change the display of an empty string in mysql command line tool?
Is the overhead of frequent query cache invalidation ever worth it?
how to get last date of today in datetime datatype?
Disabled SQL Server Endpoint - now I cannot login
Easy way to check connectivity to SQL Server from client
Does Oracle PL/SQL have a standard ASSERT routine?
Restarting One Database Not Entire Server
When are Archived Redo Logs generated?
Is it worth partitioning a Table by single value in Oracle?
Is there any benefit to defragmenting SQL indexes in a SAN environment?
Response On Database Failover
Regular Expression Difficulty
Login to SQL Server 2k8 R2 SP1 via Active Directory Group
TimeZone parameter in postgresql.conf
I cannot get SQL Server 2012 to install the database engine
Should I create a nonclustered index on all searchable columns or just each column separately?
Test MySQL credentials from Linux command line?
How do I develop this data model without a circular reference?
Oracle integer to number conversion
Modelling Relationships in an E-R Diagram, Table or Foreign Key?
Query for fetching records from SQLite database on Blackberry
Converting Database from GUID to Integer Keys
How to Optimise Query
What else does sp_addmergefilter do
Set Backup Compression on SQL Server 2008R2 on by default
Analysing A Query Plan
Linking Tables Together
COUNT and SUM at the same time after removing duplicate rows
What is the easiest way to move data from Oracle to SQL Server?
Data obfuscation in SQL Server
IBM DB2 - store large files
PostgreSQL procedural languages - differences between PL/pgSQL and SQL
Does Log-Shipping need Transaction Log Backup from Primary Server?
Shrink database is not shrinking as much as expected on a 1.5 TB database.
"Operand type clash" with DATE column
database creation using codeigniter database dbforge class gives "Access denied for user 'username'@'localhost' to database 'database_name' "
MySql - alternate of auto_increment on multiple columns
Redundant / partially duplicated data in a DB - how to structure?
CATCH block is triggered when it should not
mdf,ldf file attach problem?
How do we free up disk space from allocated namespace? / ORA-03297
Workarounds for setting default schema for domain group?
How do I copy a view from one server to another?
How to list all views in SQL in PostgreSQL?
Can graph databases be easily distributed?
How do I query based on percentages of a subset of values?
How do I run a SQL Server 2005 job on Windows 7?
MySQL how to release memory used up by SELECT
Copy my data from a existing db to a new db
getting oracle error ora-00103 when I try to execute a package in oracle 10g
Renaming the Data Sets in SSRS
Broken NTFS Permissions for MSSQL$SQLEXPRESS
$nearSphere returns too many data. What am I missing? Am I wrong? Is it a bug? Does other see the same thing?
Mirroring - Server network address cannot be reached
Measure the size of a PostgreSQL table row
Setting up MySQL Cluster on Two Systems
Why is a Star Schema more normalized than a 3NF Schema?
Multiple schema or multiple databases for better performance
I would like to better understand the SQL Server security model in terms of users and groups to possibly replace an XML heirarchy model I am using
Preventing concurrent sends of emails from my application
Should I use left join to do my job in this scenario?
How to search a MySQL database with encrypted fields
Error restoring backup in sql server. Old server version
MySQL Replication Error, can't stop slave
SSIS: "The buffer manager cannot write 8 bytes to file"
Multiple schema or multiple databases for better performance
Some MySQL slave errors?
Non-yielding IOCP Listener
Does Oracle server installation include client components?
Comparing date and timestamp variables in a where clause in a procedure
Resume download on DB exporting
MYSQL Social Networking website - Database Design, Data Growth and Hardware
MySQL 5.1.63 - using tuning-primer - Table Cache question
MySQL replication backup
innodb_flush_method=O_DIRECT vs O_DSYNC performance impact on ext3 with LVM disk partition
query optimization for update nested query IN(SELECT
Issues with uninstalling and re-installing SQL Server 2008 R2
SQL Server - Database per company. How to query across databases?
postgres 9.1: both md5 and ident on the same connection type?
Help to understand explain plan in Oracle
MySQL database backup every day using java code
Maximum number of databases for single instance of PostgreSQL 9
Db design for a quiz with variable number of answer choices, and each worth different score in a different category?
Oracle regular expression regexp_like
MySQL: selecting arbitrarily ordered rows after a specific id 
Can operations in a loop cause table locks?
"Could not find stored procedure' even though the stored procedure have been created in MS SQL Server Management Studio
How to create a trigger that update the date field and time field upon modify of the row?
How to modify a stored procedure using SQLCMD for MS SQL?
EXECUTE sp_executesql
Reset the numbering at the tabs of the Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio
Updating data from a report: any potential pitfalls?
Postgresql WAL Archiving, How to do it properly?
How do I get the current and next greater value in one select?
Visual Studio DAC with Schemabound View containing hierarchyid::GetRoot() - Two part name needed?
User Defined Function Return value
SQL Server connection from iis website: "error: 26 - Error Locating Server/Instance Specified"
Too many TIME_WAIT connections in PostgreSQL
Prevent users deleting more than a certain number of rows in MySQL
Deadline rule date input after now
Scalability limitations of PostgreSQL and MySQL
T-SQL Syntax error copying views dynamically
Can you time how long an Oracle import takes?
Friends relations in MySQL
Oracle - abort within a "before insert" trigger without throwing an exception
Surrogate key / Primary key: Better to use an existing unique data field or create a key field?
Enabling Service Broker on a database involved in an availability group
Query two SQL Server databases on two different servers
Retrieve XML of large plan from plan cache
Alternatives to AdeptSQL Diff (for MS SQL Server 2012)
Question about new behavior of current connection combobox in SQL Server 2012
Web Database - How to store user information
Does the Amazon RDS backup/snapshot service lock tables?
Creating the database on different file groups
SQL Server Agent not observing "execute as" permissions
Count total where owner_user_id = some_value and deleted_by_owner = 0 or to_user_id = some_value and deleted_by_to = 0
WHERE clause is not filtering on LESS THAN and GREATER THAN or BETWEEN
How to select data in a sub query only once?
Identify cause of unusual transaction log growth
limit and then group by in MySQL
Replacing composite key with surrogate
PostgreSQL hardware reguirements
Does SSRS lock the table when querying?
MySQL to add to cart 1-4 Socket Server
Why $in is much faster then $all
LEFT JOIN / WHERE clause with is null and false Estimated Number Of Rows
SQL Server Analysis Services - where do I store user logins?
How to I interleave logs from two different Oracle tables?
postgresql sticking "enable_seqscan=False" in a UDF sensible?
Sql server 2008 R2 installation fails with Error: 17204
MySQL : perform a big data migration between tables
Would existing constraints and indexes applied to an old table, apply to a new table renamed like the old one after it's dropped?
What is the purpose of the USING parameter in SQL?
An "unlimited" data model
Is it possible to encapsulate a table in MySQL?
SQL Server 2008 R2 Setup Client Tools Connectivity
Data type for a fuzzy date?
What is the purpose of the keyword "ID" in PostgreSQL?
Retrieving queries when the hour of starting timestamp is less than the hour of ending timestamp
Trying to Build TreeView Query in T-SQL
PostgreSQL: Change default port used by utilites like psql, createdb, etc
Output parameter in stored procedure
ERROR 1005 (HY000): Can't create table 'phact_greenland.cache' (errno: 121)
SQL Server: Should we use TCP or Named Pipes or use the default?
What would be possible reasons for a DeadLock to occur in Mysql Database?
MySQL: Delete a record from all tables in one shot
Declaring and using variables in triggers
how is synchronization maintained between different write and read database
SQL server moved, now can't use as linked server
Where is the INNODB Performance Leak?
Does Reporting Services lock tables?
Is it possible to configure PostgreSQL to automatically close idle connections?
Should order of column in where clause be same as the index order?
MySQL Import CSV with Multiple Field Separators
How do aggregations work in SSAS?
Creating non-clustered Index on Partitioned Table that already has an existing Primary Key
Why Is oracle ignoring my index?
How to turn off header only in psql (postgresql)
linking databases for reporting
MySQL Insert into two tables using new IDs
Options for keeping two SQL Server Compact databases in sync?
What program to use for the best compression ratio for DB2 log files?
ER Modeling; multiplicity basics - one to many or many to many?
Curious Database building Problem (ER Diagram)
Selecting two values from the same table but under different conditions
Can I partially invalidate the MySQL table cache?
Failed Upgrade from SQL Server 2005 sp2 to SQL Server 2005 sp4
Mysql sub query returns more than 1 row
Will a SP which writes records fail if accessed by a db_datareader role?
Why does a VIEW with a CLUSTERED index not use the index?
How do I use the IF...ELSE condition in a WHERE clause?
Replicating multiple databases into one database
Slave I/O thread dies very often
Get two weeks of data but group by a period of 7 days
Why does using a Real data type in a mathematical equation return an incorrect result?
Logminer archived redo logs in other database
How can I ensure that only one copy of a procedure is running in Oracle?
Aren't two writes required to update a clustered index record
Can this business logic be enforced by a conditional database constraint?
How does one change the default socket used by mysqladmin?
v$logmnr_contents with username as unknown
Column level security
Tracking object use using SQL Auditing
Best embed/reference/field strategy for many inserts (mongo)
ALTER TABLE CHECK CONSTRAINT
Stored procedure to check for missing fields in a table
Does dropping a Primary Key constraint from a Partitioned Table break the partition?
gain admin access to sql express 2008
MySQL Partitioning: Is there a performance tradeoff between number of partitions and size of each partition?
Using sys.dm_os_performance_counters and DIFF to display logins per second
query optimization delete nested query
Auditing - parameter values not being written to log
User-defined sort order for a query
procedure is not executing
DB2 Count problem
Replicating only changes made by a specific database user
How to select distinct for one column and any in another column?
Optimal placement of tempdb, mdf and ldf files in SQL Server 2012 on SSD's?
What are performance benefits when using number type instead of using char/varchar?
Necessary to use a checksum on a backup and not solely the 'verify backup' option?
Dimension and Fact for same entities?
Installing SQL Server 2000 32-bit on Windows Server 2008 x64?
Can I use SQLite to share data among different applications?
Looking for an efficient way to fix "Could not parse relay log event entry..." error
Searching through lots of applications
Do MySQL sub-queries essentially use as much overhead as separate queries?
Performance impact of waiting on a service broker message
What MySQL storage engine should I choose?
Database column vs row size
How to use aes-encryption in PostgreSQL?
How to import a .sql file in MySQL?
Linked server issue
MySQL query show times in milliseconds, not seconds?
How to profile individual queries using PERFORMANCE_SCHEMA
Problem with permissions for user
Does creating an index on BIT(n) attribute in MySQL make sense?
Storing dictionaries in mongo
What is the difference between 'two way transactional replication' and 'peer to peer replication'?
Oracle 11: Change global index to local on huge production table
Memory limitations on db2 express-c version 10.1 seems stuck at 2 gig, why?
Merge 2 tables and fetch data one by one
Query performance while using sqlcmd
Migrating MySQL 5.0 to 5.5 - simple databases
What logical structure is used for storing rows in Oracle?
Change existing datadir path
MySQL Server hitting 100% unexpectedly (Amazon AWS RDS)
ora-01410 invalid RowID sporadically in a select statement
How do I optimize this database design?
Compare two tables amount with respect to priortization of FundType
SQL Server 2012 Licensing on a VMware Infrastructure
SSMS 32bit can't connect SSIS 64bit
Configuring SQL Server 2008 R2 Change Data Capture with SSAS
Map Oracle roles to Active Directory groups?
Discovering databases with specific table on a PostgreSQL server
How to install Oracle 10g Express and 11g Enterprise on same machine
Log shipping setup across domains
Exporting data from Microsoft Access table file subsets to plain text
Mobile Phone & Tariffs
Representation of circular references constraint
mysqlservice command syntax
For creating sum columns in a table that requires immediate reflection, is it better to have persisted columns or triggers?
PostgreSQL replication and large import
Should I Link a Fact to Hierarchical Dimension at ALL Levels or only the most granular?
MS Access / MySQL: unlock locked Records
Shrinking MDF File
How do I save functions to individual files in PostgreSQL?
change encoding of database from latin1_swedish_ci to utf8
How can I view what NLS settings are active for other session?
Is there an Oracle function to check for valid Japanese characters (Non-ASCII)?
How to view contents of table in mysql-workbench
Reducing Errorlog file size
Do I have to pay a license fee for Berkeley DB?
Creating a User to access multiple databases
MDF and LDF contents in SQL Server
InnoDB "corruption"
Permissions to delete large objects
Move databases on same Mac
MDX Query for RANK regardless of hierarchy
Initializing Transactional Replication From Backup
How are multiple indexes used in a query by MySQL?
How do I reduce the database size on AWS RDS MySQL?
Give privilege to new created databases in MySQL
In SQL Server, what is the purpose of grouping stored procedures?
Unique foreign key constraint between three tables
SQL Server Linked Server to Progress is slow with an openquery view
Most effective way to determine the minimum set of permissions for user
My master to slave replication stopped and is showing this error when I use SHOW SLAVE STATUS;
Create second instance of mysqld on windows xp
How to conditionally stop a psql script (based on a variable value)?
Why is SQLite adding unused disk space to "free-list" after deleting a lot of data in a database?
Oracle 10gR2 to 11gR2 upgrade - performance hit
timeout on updating nvarchar(max) after converting datatype
MySQL full text search result problem
mysql myisamchk vs mysqlcheck
MySQL: Create index If not exists
Oracle With Statement and Delete Together
MySQL database normalization 3NF
Is MySQL replication suitable for a Write Mostly application?
DBCC CHECKDB REPAIR_ALLOW_DATA_LOSS
execute() vs executeQuery() in MySQL Connector C++
How to tell when DBO was changed (and if possible, by whom)
SSIS data transfers between two remote servers
How do I switch master with slave and vice versa on MySQL?
What are the pros and cons of this schema for flashcards app?
Print table documentation with comments?
Select permission inside stored procedure?
Find which numbers in [1, 161] are not in the result set?
Not able to install any piece of SQL server 2012 dev edition on my windows 7
Combining a tree structured Group model with its HABTM User model in one VIEW
How do I monitor which Windows user is logging in as SA?
How do I import a dump for a deleted tablespace?
How to user the Tablediff Utility with Replication Filters
Writing SQL statement in sqlcmd to hide the milliseconds for column type of time
Mysql error while creating FK
MySQL: Illegal mix of collations
How would you design a table for a booking system?
Is it possible to generate table with generated data without manual INSERT statements?
ORA-00449: background process 'MMON' unexpectedly terminated with error 448
Why searching with $all in Mongodb is FAR SLOWER than the EQUIVALENT search?
Are these custom module Drupal tables lacking foreign keys? mysqldump with table structures without data is included
How do I back up and restore a SQL Azure database?
High MySQL CPU usage, queries seem fine, not running ntp
What is the underlying representation of BLOB data when I export it?
SQL Server parallelism issue
Restoring an entire SQL Server database instance
Create a copy of db and renaming it so i can attach both db
Stored procedure arguments get immediately truncated
Can I get SSMS to show me the Actual query costs in the Execution plan pane?
Does a change in a query executed with sp_executesql cause recompilations?
Where can I get information about AcquireConnection call?
sys.dm_exec_requests does not show short lived requests?
SSMS login to different domain
Will FK ON UPDATE CASCADE work?
Database design for part-number generator
Product Attribute List Design Pattern
MySQL cluster - how many hosts are needed for full HA?
What known bugs still exist in SQL Server 2005 after SP4 CU4?
MySQL 5.5 Runs Out of Memory, Drops All Connections When Creating Many Databases
MySQL Master-Slave Replication Cross Database
MySQL slow sending data
Sql Server agent can not start
Software for backing up SQL Server databases
How can I force myisamchk to modify the original data file in case of duplicate keys?
mysqlslap number in sql statement to change with iteration
Why isn't the transaction log getting truncated when taking a full backup?
Mysql giving only 25 inserts per second
postgreSQL update set only where cast is possible and ignore error?
Is there a name for a query that returns results which have sub headings?
How to find out what caused a schema change?
Minimum/Maximum Server Memory in SQL Server 2005 with /3GB and /Userva switches
Slow MySQL query, not sure why
Economic Database Architecture Possibilities w/ Data of Varying Length
Login Failed for User
How to Export SQL Server Database To A File For Later Import To Different Computer
SQL Agent job does not show up in the jobs folder in SSMS although they are in sysjobs table
What real-world problems have you solved with Extended Events?
Partitioning a table vs moving entries to another table
When restoring a SQL Server DB from dump files on a remote NAS share, copy before restore or restore directly?
Consolidating data changes in SQL Server by team
Dropping One Computed Column Causes All Computed Columns To No Longer Replicate
Production SQL Server High CPU for a Single Query
Alternative query to this (avoid DISTINCT)
Why does this cursor produce results in the incorrect order?
MySQL Partioning: Is there a performance tradeoff between number of partitions and size of each partition?
Getting statistics of a table in Oracle
Moving a 10g database to 11g with rman backup
Disabling protocols using SQL Server Configuration Manager or ENDPOINTs
Import an Oracle dump file using a second server
Restrict update on certain columns. Only allow stored procedure to update those columns
One address table for many types of addresses
SQL Server services could not be started as 2 instances sharing same 'model' file
Information sources for multiple hierachy trees in a single table
Planning simple CMS: How much relation?
Is there a tool to check if my database is normalized to the third normal form?
SQL Query - Set Date Variable by Table/Column Reference
Is it possible to use ExpressMaint with SQL Server 2012 (Express)?
Unable to view "Maintenance Plan" folder under Maintenance in SQL Server 2008 R2 Standard Edition
With MS SQL Server are the generated constraint names predictable?
Schema for an RBAC (Role-based Access Control System)
SSRS calculated field strange behavior
Restore all applicable files in a backup device in T-SQL
MySQL / InnoDB: Does daily optimization improve performance?
PostgreSQL: changing password for a user is not working
PostgreSQL psql - not working but no errors
MySQL: Optimize UNION with "ORDER BY" in inner queries
Error "cannot connect to server" installing MongoDB on Ubuntu
Move postgresql database from one server to another
INDEX Creation Advice Oracle
SQL Server 2012 : how to add missing collation
How to know what to investigate and how for a VERY slow stored procedure
MySQL replication - slave is continuously lagging behind master
Setting up MySQL circular replication in existing replication topology?
SQL Log Shipping Firewall settings
Disabling Checking of Schema On Function/Stored Procedure Creation
SQL Server single query takes longer by end of week
How to handle dimension hierarchies that re-join?
Deprecating SQL Server, need to redirect clients to new server
Connection to MS Access from Oracle over a DB Link
MySQL import file with no column delimiter
Efficiency for contact-contact relationships schema
Select statement is locking a record
mysql show processlist hanging processes;
Why does Management Studio add the second alter table "CHECK CONSTRAINT" for a foreign key constraint
Hard limitation for merge replication article count?
How (and why) does TOP impact an execution plan?
Which oracle (10g) template files (DBCA) can be be copied to different server for cloning?
Why does Oracle hang on "ALTER TABLE ADD ... NOT NULL"?
Minimizing Indexed Reads with Complex Criteria
shopping cart database schema
Is it a good idea to move high-volume and highly-accessed tables to a separate database?
Count consecutive null rows from a joined table
How to attach .mdf file to SQL Server 2005 without an .ldf file?
Listener refused the connection with following error: ORA-12505, TNS: listener does not currently know of SID given in connect descriptor
How to make stored procedure with outputs OUT sys_refcursor, OUT varchar2, and OUT number, then use in c#.net app
Is Percona xtrabackup the right choice for my 500GB MySQL backup?
A 'deeper' PostgreSQL autovacuum
Can I install sql server on Win XP machine with user profile on D drive?
connection to Informix still active despite closing?
Upgrading to SSMS with SQL Web Edition turned off Code Outlining : How do I get it back?
What are the effects of GRANT DELETE?
SQL Server 2008 Full-Text Search installation
Expanding contractions/number ranges into separate records
Can I change table structure in a transaction and then roll it back if there is an error?
how to capture the data using DMV's in sql server 2008 r2?
key value database
Getting conversion error, for value that doesnt exist in database
Remove an IP address from server config
Store categories in database or use hard coded integers?
IN Clause causes Execution plan to change from Nested Loops to Hash Match
Parallel inserts cause deadlock on DB2
Investigating/Troubleshooting I/O Spikes
Design Pattern - One of Many Parent Tables
Executing TSQL script generated from SSMS in SQLCMD. Failing on quotes
How to Rename Table or Field With Merge Replication
SELECT LIMIT 1 per column value?
How to stabilize performance on frequently updated table in PostgreSQL
Does MySQL compress the stored data?
Integrating intranet web logins with AD emails
The best way to log access to SSRS reports
Does TRANSACTION/COMMIT/ROLLBACK only work on certain MySQL engines such as InnoDB?
How to create a unique column in SQL Azure Federation
Which performance can I expect?
How to document Oracle database?
How do I shrink the innodb file ibdata1 without dumping all databases?
How do I restore 3 tables into a MySQL database from a single Windows dump file?
mysql join by 2 ways - how it works? - which gives performance difference
Choosing MyISAM over InnoDB for these project requirements; and long term options
Convert spatial points data to line data for use in Line Layer in SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)
How to protect MySQL database from sql-injection?
How to design a database for financial bond prices?
How to restore a SQL Server database along with a standalone application?
Msg 15064, 15275, and 15235 when running sp_spaceused
Oracle sequence generation performance during persists of large data sets
Why is the install of SQL Server 2012 in Windows Server 2012 taking over previously accessible hard drive's?
Replicate from master-master setup
Unable to disable SQL statement logging in PostgreSQL 9.1
SSIS Row Count: Getting a null variable error where there is clearly a selected variable
How do I get the date that each user last logged onto the server / database in SQL Server 2005
Is there a way to examine SQL Jobs for references to linked servers?
Query from database
Select a range of integers
Is it possible to wrap aggregate functions in Postgres?
SQLite Performance Tuning
'Access Denied' in MySQL on AWS RDS
Understanding MS SQL Server encryption and backups
Replacing the MS-Acccess frontend for accessing linked tables with SQL Server?
Query missing one date; only happened today
Can I monitor the progress of importing a large .sql file in sqlite3 using zenity --progress?
SELECT Statements only please
Field not being sorted in ascending order in Visual Studio 2010
Finding exact row in Clustered index leaf page
Difficult categorising of rows
Are these two queries technically equal to each other?
How can I improve this query
How to debug deadlocks in  SQL Server 2008 R2?
Install PostGIS v2 for PostgreSQL v9.2
ERROR Cannot find or open table?
When dedicated server process model should be used instead of shared process model?
SQL Server 2005, Foreign key check against part of a table
How to monitor INSERT failures?
Should I rely on Database Engine Tuning Advisor for creating indexes?
Who changed/modified stored procedure in SSMS 2005 or 2008?
Use of hash functions in group by?
Merge Replication: Where are rowguids of conflict losers stored?
Running a CTE query in a loop using PL/PGSQL
PostgreSQL - automatically create a database for users on first login
SQL Server 2012 AlwaysOn cannot connect using the Listener IP
How do I completely remove MySQL from a 64-bit windows 7 machine?
Merge Replication Optimization
Transaction log exploding during index reorganization
Should I use the PostgreSQL bit string?
Running a CTE query in a loop using PL/pgSQL
MySQL InnoDB crash post-mortem
How do I discover the Oracle Express workspace name?
Select from linked server to local server causing waits on both sides
phpMyAdmin slow for small database
help required with indexing and query optimzation
Do database servers need load balancing?
Help with database design
Incorrect data when we using the CONVERT_TZ  function on DST boundaries
How can I replicate MySQL data from many servers to one?
Impact of changing the DB compatibility level for a Published replicated DB from 90 to 100
Indexing SQL Server datetime Columns for Performance
What can I do with the new json field?
Script Contents of SQL Server Database From a Batch File
What does "*password------------" mean in a profile deadlock report?
How to take Oracle backup and restore?
For a boolean settings table, should I toggle a flag, or insert/delete?
Moving data from Oracle to SQL Server : Table size optimization
SQL Server 2012 Availability Group is it "AlwaysON"?
Working with multiple databases?
How do triggers affect last_insert_id()?
How should we handle rows which won't be queried once they are old in PostgreSQL?
SELECT permission on view querying table from another database
Enable Lock Pages in Memory for SQL Server on VM
Index max row size error
Users groups/permissions when working with PostgreSQL
Encrypt MySQL database on a Linux VPS?
Running SSIS from a different server than the primary database instance
DB2 Express on Windows 7 - Disable security?
SQL Server column level security
How to design tables for dynamic payroll items
What are the real life cases for using Oracle advanced queuing?
Closed loops in database model, does it affect the performance?
SQL Server 2008 and compatibility level 80
intermittent MySQL crashes with error "Fatal error: cannot allocate memory for the buffer pool"
Database schema - performance v correctness information
How can I create a MySQL database based on a SQLite schema?
Oracle supported linux distributions
Trying to copy a schema using impdp
Grant User Permission To Restore Database And Access that database in sql server?
Managing SQL Server MDF and LDF file size
Could not find the Server Agent in SSMS
Could not start the SQL Server Agent (SQLEXPRESS)
Mark exported rows as exported
SQL Server 2008 R2 - Merge Replication - Can the Distribution Database size cause replication problems?
How to do a mysqldump with a use database in the dump
Oracle server session terminated by fatal error
Connection to SQL Server requires TCP communication on port 50235?
SQL Server Snapshot Replication and SRDF compatability
How to script out push subscription creation at the subscriber?
SQL Server transaction log file refuses to grow
Can I replicate to a pre-existing database?
Repair Mysql table structure from existing frm file
renaming a sql server with installed named instances
How do I back up On Premise Microsoft SQL Server 2008 to Azure cloud
Good tool for making MySQL queries graphically?
Trying to take a backup of a database, but drives are different than in file explorer
SSMS Tools Pack Alternative
mysql.proc keeps crashing, cannot do a mysqldump?
Tuning MySQL to consume less memory
SQL Server  optimization techniques for rebuilding very large table
Database Design - When to use "attributes" rather than additional columns
Structuring group membership
MySQL varchar(255) limitation & Anomaly
What are the things need to be considered while creating tablespace?
Access Drizzle databases through MySQL
How to modify an update in Oracle so it performs faster?
Sql Server 2008 R2: Simple recovery model with transaction log backups
What is the best relationship model for high performance?
What's the difference between EXECUTE AS USER and EXECUTE AS LOGIN that makes the second one behave unexpectedly?
Cannot start SQL SERVER SERVICE in Windows Server 2000
Detecting if bit set in numeric value
What happens behind the scenes when adding a nullable column in SQL Server?
Pivoting data for stacked charts (grouping and creating new columns for each distinct value)?
Resolving MySQL Process ID to page that ran it?
migrations within transactions
Lookup table for a one-to-many relationship
Automate daily backup of database
Does SQL Server Snapshot replication completely copy the data every time or does it issue deltas?
MySQL year 2038 vulnerable
Viable strategies for rebuilding indexes online in SQL Server 2008 R2 Standard edition?
How is the default tablespace determined when creating a table?
Why does the query cost change so much and how to prevent it
Heap size too large for data present
Differential backup successfully completes without taking the backup of few databases
Applying Single Table Inheritance
Percona XtraDB Cluster: How to skip SST when starting?
Allowing Foreign Key to be Null
What is a good guideline for sampling for statistics updates
How do I automate converting heaps into clustered indexes?
Set priority for an SQL Server role
(MySQL) How to change the results of a view according to the user that's viewing it?
Exception Details: System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException: Login failed for user
SQL Server Database Engine Tuning Advisor vs DMV queries
Riak in SasS application
How should I migrate a large MySQL database to RDS?
Still wrong to start the name of a user stored procedure with sp_?
How to import big sql file in Phpmyadmin
Does this make my XtraDB Cluster hang?
What is stored in mysqld-slow.log?
How do I export data from Oracle 11.1 to 10.1?
How to import Sybase .db file into SQL Server database?
Choice of authentication approach for financial app on PostgreSQL
MySQL "Statement may not be safe to log in statement format" warning
Witnessing standby failure with repmgr
Upgrade SQL Server 2008 Express to SQL Server Workgroup 2008 Volume License
What tasks can only sysadmin's do in SQL Server 2000?
How to store formula method in the table
User can alter procedures without permission
Does sp_addtabletocontents Use Precomputed Partitions
MS-SQL index not using all the available columns as seek predicates
Unable to start MSSQL and SQLSERVERAGENT in Windows Server 2003
Event Scheduler: No data - zero rows fetched, selected, or processed?
Find least recently used mysql table index
How to get SQL Profiler record the user which login to your web application but the SQL username and password is specify in the web.config file?
How can I find databases with a large number of virtual log files?
Teaching Slony replication to select slave nodes
Do I have to filter the percona.checksums table in replication for use with pt-table-checksum?
Insert a 'null' string in a table in postgresql
Why does pt-table-checksum gives exit status 0 if slave is unreachable?
Is there any limit on how deep the Server Owner can access my data?
Potential risks of users connecting to SQL Server, through Excel, as sysadmin?
Calling stored procedure with select and update statement
Intent Exclusive (IX) Lock questions
Why does ANSI SQL define SUM(no rows) as NULL?
Moving a collection to a new database (v2.2)
Cardinality is so far off from reality
Visio 2010 and SQL 2012 - Reverse Enginnering
How to execute a query from psql without waiting for the result?
Is the speed of a PostgreSQL SELECT adversely affected by too many indexes on the table?
SQL Server DB restore fails
Supporting Multiple Oracle Clients
MariaDB and XtraDB/InnoDB plugins
How to troubleshoot orm queries interfering with other applications
Slow backup and extremely slow restores
Can We Perform an "Up-To-The-Minute Restore" After Taking Transaction Log Backups?
How to change type from one owner to two different types of owners
ORDER BY on aggregate field on a closure table giving unexpected results
How can I configure MySQL Innodb to handle 1000s of inserts per hour?
Select rows with repeat data within certain timeframe
Help with a multi-language medical database
How to join the updated result set of multiple servers
MySQL Server Config, Small Timeframe, Extreme Usage-Scenario
What should one do if the auto increment primary key exceeds the maximum?
myISAM data loss at DELETE / INSERT
MySQL: Show Unique key definition by name
SSRS - rsAccessDenied error
Multicolumn extended statistiscs, NLS_SORT and NLS_COMP, CHAR columns, and the bane of my existance
How does the T-SQL optimizer handle "and false"
How can I make this backup scheme more friendly for reporting?
Splitting a database into multiple databases
Split CLOB into multiple VARCHAR2
How to create database, and add user linked to login?
PostgreSQL Index Caching
Move DTC from one node to another in Windows 2003 R2 Clustering
SQL Server 2008 R2 Remote Connection issue
help in multi-language medical database?
Collect performance information on high CPU condition in SQL Server
Commit vs Fast Commit vs Commit Cleanout in Oracle Database
How can I get the actual data size per row in a SQL Server table?
What is a 'Target Server' in a SQL Server Agent Job?
Do I need an index on this?
Export table without BLOB column
get query from 4 tables
MYSQL MyISAM data recovery implementation
Separate archive tables or soft delete for inventory database
Do I need to index a key that I partition by?
How do I query to pull all data in row based MIN and MAX service date?
Structuring SQLite database with 2 relationships?
How to run 2 separate sql server engines on the same server?
Deadlock on Merge replication
Implementation Idea for login structure (login id with two different tables)
Is there any way to run the definition of multiple stored procedure at a time?
Why is SSMS 2008 prompting me "if you are certain that you have added all the necessary full-text catalogs, click OK"
Foreign Key Constraint fails
Selecting the right data type for text
Can't start mongodb in ArchLinux
Merging tables with a 1 to 1 relationship in a database
SSRS Report dependencies
MySQL DB import/export command line in Windows
database sharding on mysql
Best structure for user-level versioning of data in mysql
Best table schema to store daily hits for many items?
Finding changes for table-valued function definition on SQL Server
Proper storage size estimation technique for PostgreSQL
Convert Log table days in a state
Optimising query on view that merges similar tables with a clear discriminator
What would be a optimal index for this query in mysql
Trouble in Multi-Language DB
SQL Server database synchronization
PostgreSQL psql command line tool and SET CONSTRAINTS DEFERRED
To use or not use ISNULL(NULLIF(Field1, ''))?
How can one reliably update a LOB column with data from another LOB column in Oracle?
Why index REBUILD does not reduce index fragmentatation with a page count > 1000?
index maintenance strategy if few insertion points relative to # of rows
High Availability for postgresql
Null Values and Performance
Does this design satisfy 3NF, and can any improvements be made?
MYSQL database how to check if database is active and on which port (Linux)?
Does MySQL 5.5 support shared database with separate schema?
SQL Server virtual log size
Manually drop table from MySQL database
How to keep Mongodb log small via the conf file (or other persistent method)
Tablix cells width issue in SSRS
Oracle 11g: Part Copy of Production data to Development Environment
Deny access to information schema in SQL Server
Security Question involving Sys tables
Connection to MySQL Remotely
Is it worth to update to an x64 environment?
Set SA to weak Password in SQL Server 2012
Should a log table get an id field or primary key?
Need help in DB design?
Differences between SQL Server 2005 and SQL Server 2008 deadlock handling
SQL Server WMI Event Alert and BROKER_TASK_STOP waits
How are transactions logs inserted?
Schema blocking in READ_COMMITTED_SNAPSHOT
Save Results of DBCC ShrinkFile
Inserting query result to another table hangs on "Copying to temp table on disk" on MySQL
Scripting a Backup Process and Backup File Ownership
Does my table violate normalization rules?
Inserting query result to another table hangs on "Copying to temp table on disk" on MySQL
Multi-tenant database using SQL Server 2008?
Multiple Merge Replications on same SQL Server Database Conflicts
SQL Server 2008 mirrored Database with manual failover, need reporting database
Select query according to date
Slow mysql fulltext query
Why does PostgreSQL aggregate result in the Index or Seq scan outputting all columns of the table?
How do I tell what is filling up the transaction log?
How can I deny a user the ability to Alter DB files and options but still allow schema and data modifications?
How do I write portable SQL that refers to a linked server?
Unknown database corruption: Data error in cyclic redundancy check
Taking a backup of a single table in the SQL Server
SQL Server 2008 datetime index performance bug
Restoring Oracle prod backup to test server with new database name
Raising an error with a system message_id in SQLCLR
Mysql 5.0 on Windows 2008
If MAX(id) != COUNT(id), does that mean rows have been deleted?
How to check if there is partitions in use in fact tables?
How to add the aliases to the group by clause
To run SQL Server Profiler or to use the SQL Server Agent's Jobs function in SSMS or ...?
Why create an "oracle" user for installing Oracle 10g or 11g?
sqlcmd: no rows affected
Grouping data checking against top values
Advice on how to approach data cleaning & importing
Oracle: Output not shown even if SERVEROUTPUT variable set to ON
Enumerate drives available to SQL Server
Classes and objects (but not ORD)
Select * from statement execute very slowly, innodb io read speed is low
ORA-00984: column not allowed here
Auto Script DB Objects for SVN
Return a column per date in a range
Combine Table Hints INDEX and FORCESEEK with Two Joins Not On PK
Can I Run Two Full Backups on SQL Server 2005 at the Same Time?
MySQL performance slows down when accessed from different regions via the Internet
What characters are word breakers in English for SQL Server 2005 and 2008 R2?
SQL Server 2008 R2: Restore latest backup to new database from script
The best way to rename the tables after development completed
Regularly import tab-seperated log file to MySQL
When should I think about upgrading our RDS MySQL instance based on memory usage?
MySql - Changing expire_logs_days without restarting the server
Index strategy for a Queue Table, getting rid of filesort
Rollback generate scripts
MySQL table relations, inheritance or not?
Print variable of same datatype
Robust Mysql failover using free tools
Importing schema to new or different tablespace
How can I create a dblink from Postgresql 8.3 to SQL Server (2000 and 2008)?
Oracle XE: Transfer Database from Linux to Windows
How to extract a SQL database design into Visio in a manageable format?
MySQL-5.5 InnoDB memory issue
moving data from one db to another using SSIS
Why does MySQL (InnoDB) table get faster after OPTIMIZE TABLE, but then don't work?
Tablespace and userid info
Getting "Cannot open user default database. Login failed." for connections that don't specify a default database
Getting error when using Oracle imp command to import dmp file
Can underscore be forced as a word splitter without a full-text parser plugin?
Order questions depending on answer votes
Restricting mail sending from SQL Server 2008
Oracle 10 to 11: charset issue
Does updating a partially indexed field add or remove it from an index in Postgres
ORA-01562: failed to extend rollback segment number 11
How to determine which SQL Server user or database overuses server resources
MySQL Workbench, how to refresh EER diagram?
Database design: where do I put this data?
SQL Server Schema Security
How do I implement insert-if-not-found for transactions at serializable isolation level?
What's a good SQL Server backup schedule?
MySQL '%' hostname wildcard
System test Database user management
When using a master plus multiple slaves, how do I change over from one server to a brand new one with minimal downtime?
Will changing server_id on master break replication?
Getting a random row from PostgreSQL?
What is the Maximum Merge Articles in Merge Replication
How can I enable my-huge file on windows server?
First Normal Form, why is it good and how does it reduce redundancy
Transaction Log file .ldf is too small
debugging an ssis package which is invoked from a .net application?
Can the transaction log in SQL Server 2008 Express edition be viewed in text?
how to use dual foreign key in oracle 10g
How to restrict MySQL user to not import and export database
Why an object became invalid in oracle databse.
Trigger to automatically add values to a table in Oracle
How can I cancel index creation in SQL Server
replicate master/slave without disturbing master for dump
Creating CDC system table on SQL Server 2008
Getting the page name from a web URL in Oracle
How do I find I.O. statistics (by index) for queries in progress
What factors go into an Indexed View's Clustered Index being selected?
Trying to install SQL Server 2008 Management Studio Express
In Change Data Capture (CDC), how to configure retention with success?
How can I copy specific tables into one SQL Server Table into a separate table automatically?
SQL Server 2012 CPU core usage
Recommendations for PostgreSQL training
Regarding create index and lock word in SQL statement used for SQL Server
How to detect when ORA-00604 occurred?
PhpMyAdmin: UploadDir & SaveDir
Slow complex query with group/order
SHOW FULL PROCESSLIST for some host does not show `Client port`
MongoDB geospatial query with sort - performance issues
Logshipping alert emails are being sent out while there is no error
Pgpool install - libpq is not installed or libpq is old
Strange SQL Statement Behavior
What is the best database design for multi-language data?
Database design for Magazine website
How can I 'fake' stats for generate_series data?
Preventing users who are dbo from dropping their own databases
how to estimate rebuild index on 140 million records?
SQL Server Monitoring Tools
bulk insert from file
Selecting the popular posts using three tables
How to wait for PostgreSQL to be startable / restorable?
Where can I find a syntax reference for Oracle SQL Developer's "Generate DB Doc" function?
Encrypt/Decrypt output & input for SSIS task
Why use explicit cursors instead of regular loops?
Once in a while synchronization of the independently updated mysql databases problem
Dropping indexes and disk space
TSQL query for viewing start/end of all SQL Agent jobs yesterday
Model with variable number of "properties" of different types.
Does SQL manage foreign key constraints in terms of insertion?
How can I get a copy of the SQL generated by Management Studio?
multiple child records in a single row by join
Slow insert with MySQL full-text index
How to avoid certain characters in MySQL full text search?
MySQL optimization - year column grouping - using temporary table, filesort
Setting up DRBD on an active MySQL server
GROUP_CONCAT with ORDER BY , but results are not ordered
MySQL ignoring some params from my.cnf
ORA-39083: Object type INDEX_STATISTICS failed to create with error
What exactly are iblog files in mysql
Cannot change the Delete Rule of a self referencing foreign-key-relationship to cascade delete
T-SQL Naming Standard
GROUP BY on a dependent field
Do Availability Groups support Active/Passive?
How can I modify a trigger at subscribers SQL Server 2005?
Add an additional listener to Oracle Database Appliance
Combining columns in index
Network design considerations for Oracle Database Appliance
Are these two queries logically equivalent?
SQL Query for the following structure
List of changes required to upgrade scripts after starting to use replication in SQL Server
Oracle SQL, how to access latest queries and their data
Table schema column data type equivalents for Netezza 6 to SQL Server 2008
Creating High Availability Cluster with PostgreSQL
Alternate ways to increase column size
Identifying connection and publisher vs subscriber in merge replication scheme
How many IP numbers are there for a SQL server active active cluster setup also a active passive setup?
Optimisation of complex query - 100% cost index seek?
Update Database Fields Based On Date
correct security and user setup for SQL Server database
QBE Query By Example. How does it handle OR conditions?
MySQL: Fixing Unique key constraint violation
PIVOT SQL Server
sql server session revert
Where are Statistics physically stored in SQL Server?
Alter table on live production databases
Error 18456 trying to connect
Consistency errors for a SharePoint database
Node and Instance Relationship on Oracle RAC
Putting SQL Server data files in a different partition
Query tuning help needed (Hash Match and Table Scans)
What permissions are required to view the contents of a catalog on a remote server?
Resuming Replication w/ Database Mirroring when Principle is unavailable
Handling error of foreign key
Using the same sequence twice in a PL/SQL statement
Imports & exports under storage constraints and preallocations
Software/Hardware Upgrade
MySQL: Unique constraint on large column
Preserving whitespace in MongoDB values
Issues on defining a PK on a nvarchar column and indexing the FK referring this PK
Partitioning in SQL Server 2008
Disable console output when executing a SQL file using MySQL source command
Slow-running query on a new VM
calculate the difference between two column aliases in a SELECT statement?
`show procedure status` doesn't list all of the procedures?
How do I connect to a database which is a linked server via ODBC?
What happens when you modify (reduce) a column's length?
Availability Group configuration & licencing
Can you set up a SQL server maintenance plan to restore a database?
PostgreSQL not working, pgAdmin always says server not listening
Grant select to dbo view without select on non dbo tables
SQL Server transaction log
How to change data structure in mysql using mysqldump without deleting files
MySQL: Execute CREATE TEMPORARY TABLE SELECT just one time?
In real terms, how much effect does a bad fillfactor have on performance?
MySQL table design of logging tables
Error 1046 Mariadb: No database selected
Do my metrics justify changing the MAXDOP settings?
How can I create a stored procedure using xp_fixeddrives?
adding another table to existing MySQL replication scenario
When was a table trigger disabled and re-enabled?
Altering nullability of column in SQL Server
Fast XML, slow XML
Is there way to join every row of TableA to a row of the smaller TableB by repeating TableB however many times are needed?
"Connection to host lost" using telnet to MySQL
What are the pros and cons of using CLIENT_RESULT_CACHE_SIZE and RESULT_CACHE_MODE
Is there a more concise way to convert a UTC datetime into a local date only?
How to preserve the original order of elements in an unnested array?
Most efficient way to structure segmented data
How do Savepoints work in Oracle?
Length of LOB data (%1) to be replicated exceeds configured maximum %2
How to represent aggregates in a data warehouse
How would I build a data model for parking lot hours and respective parking fees?
Storing application settings with different datatypes
Backup to three drives suddenly slow
Partition guides and possible solutions?
Can't access Brew PostgreSQL
Users database to store access levels, can I move the non-essential information to another table?
SQL query based on foreign key relationship
Why does DELETE leave a lingering effect on performance?
What can speed up a SQL count query?
percona innobackup failed
Disabling logging on certain tables
Partitioning not working need primary key?
Is there anyway to make sql server search the master database for SQLCLR stored procedures before the current one?
How large should be mysql innodb_buffer_pool_size?
Use domain username on SQL server reporting services installed in a server which is part of a Workgroup
Management tool for managing MongoDB sharded cluster
unenforced constraints/possible duplication in my database design?
MySQL Cluster Steps To Recover Data If Catstrophic Failure Occurs
Why should pupbld.sql be run as SYSTEM (and not as SYS)?
Turning off auto shrink on all SQL Server databases. Why doesn't this work?
Problems with generating Audit SQL
Database design with different user roles connected by different relationships to one organizaiton table
how to pass url value to index
Diskspace usage of DB
Unable to open .sps.bak database backup file with SQL Server 2012 Express edition
SQL Server 2008, database completely locked
Mysql restore all data from Master
Couldn't install SQL Server 2012 on machine with Windows 7 SP1, VS 2010 SP1
Error when UPDATE all rows
How can I append a column to an inner SQL statement?
Blocking drop database command
Oracle symmetrical one-way replication for cheap HA: unfashionable or technically unfeasible?
MySQL Unique Index Keylength
Error creating index on PostgreSQL 9.1
Full-text search in SQL Server on multiple tables fails
SQL column goes from first to last position in output
How much does an index need to narrow the results of a search in order to be useful?
Linked Server Query Results: OPENQUERY vs Distributed Transactions
Optimizing User Defined Custom Columns
Oracle dump import
MySql - selecting into file and re-loading it with special characters
How can Stored Procedures and Triggers be Automatically Loaded When MySQL Starts
Is there a way to tell SQLCMD not to output rows to text or a file?
Transform all columns records to lowercase
Restoring MySQL database with db dump and binlogs
How Can I Isolate A Merge Replication Timeout
SQL Server Timeout: Drop and Recreate Index Solves the Issue
Does MySQL have information_schema.VIEW_COLUMN_USAGE or an equivalent?
PLSQL Package - Catching Errors in procedure (Oracle)
Is the optimisation fence behaviour of a CTE (WITH query) specified in the SQL:2008 standard? If so, where?
MySQL order by - one column conditional on another column
Populating an empty table using loops, conditionals, and accessing multiple tables
Data dictionary best practices in SQL Server 2008 r2
SQL Server 2000 : List of tables ordered from by number of referenced tables
PostgreSQL - How can I manage WAL archiving for different databases on a server?
How to wait between PostgreSQL DB restore and reindexing?
Simple query with date type requires explicit conversion to_date of date
Attempt to fetch logical page (5:65424) in database 2 failed
Oracle Enterprise Manager font problem, some text is displayed in Chinese and with squares
How to display differential backup date in SSMS Object Explorer Details
Add user to Server Role in a transaction
Fetch the newest row grouped by a column in MySQL
Is SELECT ROW_NUMBER() guaranteed to return results sorted by the generated row numbers?
Getting a "Request to run job refused because the job is already running" When no job is running?
How much memory do I need for innodb buffer pool?
The best MySQL configuration for my server
Postgres replication/replication to server outside firewall
PostgreSQL: Query DB for rows containing integer[] > or < than specified value
Error when installing Oracle 11.2.0.3 in Windows Server 2008 R2 64 bits
Is a composite index also good for queries on the first field?
Security and Performance implications of "View Server State"
Oracle TOAD and Team Coding with TFS: Unable to get revisions from TFS
Several variants of a string in tables
Whitelist-based SQL Server schema setup
Many to many unique combination
MySQL: Lock wait timeout exceeded
How to gauge knowledge of a SQL Server DBA?
May a query update a source table?
Are these database tables normalized?
Oracle Imp Dump Full
Unable to start SQL Server Instance 2008 R2 - DB file corrupt
Access query to select multiple records with matching field
PostgreSQL performance degradation over time on a write intensive db
One database with two schemas: cross-schema View permissions issue?
sqlnet.ora or tnsnames.ora changes require reboot?
Users cannot view tables in non-default schema in SSMS
Cannot create login on cluster
How to restore a MySQL file to SQL Server 2008
Can Availability Groups provide seamless failover (with no query failures)?
Replicating data from Oracle to MySQL
sqlite database: advanced SQL or redesign
Cleaning up transaction replication del/ins/upd stored procedures?
Migrating MySQL to new server
oracle merge operation hangs (or loops); query tuner claims it's a cartesian product operation
MySQL: how to optimize the stored procedure?
Is it possible to determine what part of a stored procedure is currently executing?
Query performance and join hints, plan cost, and duration
Availability Group reporting disconnected replica
Post replication powershell script - on subscriber
mysqldump: Error: 'Can't create/write to file
remove almost duplicates based on insert time
For absolute performance, is SUM faster or COUNT?
Select one name per person where spelling variations exist
Storing summed values
Recovering from a stuck query
How to map another server through SQL Server Management Studio
Data archival strategy that handles schema changes?
SQL Server using incorrect plan
mysql read slave to fetch entire database on start
Powershell script executing within SQL Server Agent
How to trigger an action without using triggers
Find ID columns with null value in oracle database
Logging of incorrect row in SQL Server Integration Services
Backup audit database
Calculating Median Value within a Group By
oracle how to call procedure
Joining two tables and query them
Oracle Procedure to Enable/Disable all constraints
Choosing shard key and friendly URL Ids for my MongoDB
How are foreign keys resolved when creating tables in batch?
SQL Server database has very small backup
How to choose working database in DB2?
Can't create archived redo logs
Merge two records in the same table, keeping foreign key relationships intact for both
Oracle Enterprise Manager 11g dbconsole "Internet Explorer cannot display the webpage"
AWS RDS MYSQL How do I reduce the DB size?
Query performance of a NULL vs an empty ('') varchar in SQL Server 2012
Connect to SQL Server behind NAT from remote machine
How to connect to SQL Server Analysis Server via Management Studio command line
query discrepancies on very large postgres table
Ensure correct username when using pg_restore
MySQL single table static and dynamic pivot
MySQL query with an OUTFILE to csv not working when called from a batch file
Passing path from batch file to mysql
SSIS Script to split string into columns
Does UPDATE INDEXES work for local indexes?
Oracle error "too many values", must be solved with nested SELECTs
What type of files are C-9999-yyyymmdd-00 in Oracle
How badly does innodb fragment in the face of somewhat out-of-order insertions?
Unexpected Seq Scan when doing query against boolean with value NULL
I want to perform multiple date adds on a date range and select those individual dates
Troubleshooting Postgresql spatial query failure. Next steps?
Locking issue with concurrent DELETE / INSERT in PostgreSQL
Upgrading from 10.2g to 11g by incrementals
Save data to variable and use it in stored procedure
Hibernate Query Running Slow
overhead for INSERTS using change tracking and/or change data capture (CDC)
SQL Server Concise List Of Trace Flags
Hierarchical queries without CTEs
Easy SQL, embedded select
Is it acceptable to have a surrogate/primary key of one table be the primary/foreign key of another table?
Create a plan guide to cache (lazy spool) CTE result
Check what event called the trigger on PostgreSQL?
How can I identify and fix bottlenecks in an Oracle11gR2 import
Stored procedures and network congestion
How to see list of databases in Oracle?
What would make a MySQL database create tables in a different collation other than its default?
Set names to attributes when creating JSON with row_to_json
PostgreSQL asynchronous replication (and possible data loss)
Many-to-Too-Many Relationship
How to compare two SQL Servers instance level objects for a migration?
How to solve the error "Error 'Got error 0 'No error' from NDBCLUSTER' on query"?
I have deleted a table, by exporting over the same table, and selecting the 'drop destination table before insertion'
Binlog has bad magic number
How to test mirroring with a single Microsoft SQL Server license?
Execution plan results for sp_executesql suggests adding missing index for already existing index
Finding violations of the symmetry constraint
MySQL Indexing VarChar
Set the primary key for many to many relationship
How to remove tables and indexes?
Loop through Self JOIN on table until the operand column is NULL completely
Rank in more tournaments and boards
Store table in separate filegroup in SQL Server
How to store single result in variable and reuse it in a query (Oracle)?
Getting max values from MySQL tables
Oracle 11gR2 archive log destinations
How should I best design the tables and relationships, given the following rules?
Mix of Cyclic and Chained MySQL replication - What do you do with "log-slave-updates"..?
Row level restore with Oracle Recovery Manager (RMAN)
How to summarize Bridge results?
MySQL table creation insanely slow
Same query taking 0.2 sec in Oracle database but 4 mins in SQL Server
MySQL: SELECT the n-th item from an ordered result
Applying user-defined fields to arbitrary entities
Pitfalls of creating a foreign key constraint on a system table?
Why Oracle 11g installs in folder C:\app\<name_of_user>
query to find closest lesser date
How to design this kind of relations in a database
Tabular mode disabled during SSAS installation
Finding Microsoft.AnalysisServices.Xmla dll in SQL Server 2008 R2
Query Optimizing Request
postgresql pgadmin3 queryconnect attribute does not work
drop postgres table with minimal locking
mongodb service not running after changing path
Installing and enabling both master and slave semisynchronous plugins on same server
Table Lock on INSERT - How to optimize
Conversion failure varchar to int
Sharded MongoDB backup solution
Execute job every time database changes - execute job on each change-event
SQL Server : Is it possible to have a linked server link to another linked server?
SQL query returns different results when index is dropped
Calling a .NET method in a SQL Server script
How to set an Oracle user's default schema?
Patients profiles database
Why does my query run faster after I force full table scan?
Run Unix command using PL/SQL
sp_dboption is not available in SQL Server 2012
How can I change the timezone in MySQL?
Is it safe to rely on a shadow volume backup of the mdf and ldf files?
What can I do to speed up this SQL Query?
Dump PostgreSQL schema with foreign keys and referenced data
innobackupex is failing while exporting backup
InnoDB Master-Master replication goes inconsistant after power failure tests
Increasing work_mem and shared_buffers on Postgres 9.2 significantly slows down queries
How many connections reads queue
Struggling to debug high CPU usage on Amazon RDS MySQL instance
Mysql database connector table or keys
SQL Server 2008 unable to backup due to Failed to flush the commit table to disk in dbid 11 due to error 2601
Need to count records and group count by date on Oracle
Index with multiple leaf levels
Can I make that connection?
SQL Server dbo permissions for specified databases
mongo replicated shard member not able to recover, stuck in STARTUP2 mode
How to grant multiple users privileges; MySQL
Table with identity column in merge replication
Index optimization with dates
Difference between chained and migrated rows
Telnet failed from App server to sql server DB server intermittently
MySQL: Writing log entries from stored procedure
Installing 32bit SSRS on 64bit Windows/IIS
PAGE compression in SQL Server effect on running queries
Retrieve double data type value in non exponential form
i want to modify Redgate source control Git.xml file to include commit and push
SQL Server backup devices
Do I risk losing the benefits of indexing if I have an index on every column?
Why does OBJECTPROPERTY return NULL?
Sanitizing a form's database input while retaining basic HTML markup
Partitions and Indexes, in which cases should be used
UDF performance suddenly degraded
Postgres requires commit or rollback after exception
Storing terabytes of data in SQL Server
Lock Timeouts with low Lock Waits
Fastest way to determine size of groups of FILESTREAM objects
How can I prevent SSMS from re-writing my code when saving a view?
Two-phase commit for distributed transactions: what if a commit failed?
How to properly design outgoing/incoming mailserver configuration per user?
Difference between Intel and AMD chips?
Broken SELECT in Sql Server Compact 3.5 SP2?
MS SQL to MySQL Conversion
SQL Server database generate script how to avoid adding PRINT statements
How do I enable READ-only (passive) mode in a particular RDBMS?
Tables of a huge database
Slave as a master in PostgreSQL
UTC date in DMV dm_broker_queue_monitors
Stroring a type of an entry
How to search with partitions in my query?
Efficiently comparing prices in different currencies
Periodic Oracle restarts...intentionally
Can't start postgres server, SHMMAX too small
Choosing between MyISAM & InnoDB - two servers with related tables
Migrating database from SQL Server 2005 Enterprise to SQL Server 2008 Standard
seeking a confirmation -- SQL Server backup performance
TempDB size issue after applying Indexes
Does adding page compression to a table also compress existing indexes?
What is a good auto-generated key for a federated database?
Getting "Conversion failed when converting the nvarchar value to data type int."
PostgreSQL 9.1 - Asynchroneous commits performance boost
How to check if databases are consistent in pgsql replication?
How to grant a user UNSAFE ASSEMBLY permission
How to understand what Columns Have Changed in Merge Replication
Continuous archiving: is it possible to use multiple machines?
TRUNCATE TABLE statement sometimes hangs
How to analyse innodb status on deadlock in insert Query?
ORA-01460 during Data Pump Import
How to determine the sweet spot between pool size and database connections in PostgreSQL
What AWS instance to choose for write-heavy PostgreSQL database server
"Zero" downtime and minimal space requirements for upgrade to PostgreSQL 9.2
MySQL non-sequential primary key of certain length
PostgreSQL pg_bulkload query eats all free disk space
Writing a database analysis document
SQL Server 2005 replication for a data warehouse
Restore Backup Fails - File 'Db' cannot be restored to '{...}.mdf'. Use WITH MOVE to identify a valid location for the file
Replication has failed; how to get going on again?
Empty LONGTEXT or NULL?
SQL Server upgrade single instance
SQL Server 2008 upgrade advisor tool
sql server removing service_queues
Joining 3 tables using SQL Query?
Create a linked server with SQL Server 2012 x64
Storing date increments in tables
MySql: #1221 - Incorrect usage of UNION and ORDER BY
Mysql innoDB write operations are extremely slow
SQL ANSI JOIN precedence
Single sql query to select a record from parent table only if all it's records in child table has values
transactional replication, failing with communication link failure half way through bcp
High availability in postgresql
Should ERD derived attributes be included in logical tables?
Simple Slow Query Not Using Indexes
postgresql 9.1 Multiple Cluster on same host
How do I remove duplicate entries in a given timeframe?
How do i subtract a number of days from a prepared statement parameter in db2?
Postgres Plus Cloud Database on AWS for write heavy social game?
How to create sql query results in columns from rows?
How to Handle Database for Application which Starts from Scratch Annually
PHP-MYSQL messaging system performance problems
MySQL: Assessing performance of a query by using EXPLAIN
Sybase Adaptive Server Anywhere connection problems
How to measure improvement after splitting tablespaces into multiple disk volumes? (Oracle 10g AWR)
Enable autocomplete in an sqlite3 interactive shell
Does my design adhere to 3NF?
PostgreSQL equivalent of SQL Server SQL_VARIANT_PROPERTY
Massive update to Clob fields oracle 10g
Tricky selection of grouped rows, selecting based on values of two distinct but related rows
Restore database from individual datafile backups
Pivoting row contents to produce one dimensional result
"max_packet_size" variant in SQL Server
Best practise for copying a database from production
Previous day of last day
Max and group by query help
Database Indexing - Maintenance Jobs
Performance of SQL Server Triggers
How can I get the correct offset between UTC and local times for a date that is before or after DST?
MySQL Help with Desktop Based Administration
Best practice for a DBA to login to a database
Save history editable data RDBMS
Average, between specific date/time, of the difference between current field and previous field
MERGE with OUTPUT doesn't seem to be doing the right thing
MySQL query optimization
Could Oracle ORA-08103 'object no longer exists' error be caused by size of undo_retention parameter?
Insert ignore with conditional
Download SQL Server Profiler for SQL Server Management Studio
How to COUNT number of rows with LIMIT?
SQLSTATE[42000]: Syntax error or access violation: 1071 Specified key was too long; max key length is 767 bytes
Java application unable to access Blob stream in Oracle after upgrade to 11g
Copy Postgres databases with indexes between instances
How to store massive quantities of machine generated data?
Ranking System with Different Categories
MySQL generic trigger to save identification data for later accessing of the changed row
T SQL Table Valued Function to Split varbinary(max) into 16byte GUIDs
Executing query is too slow when accessing SQL Server located in an other country
Please review my first thought-out attempt at a database schema
I just upgraded PostgreSQL with yum on Amazon Linux, now PostgreSQL won't start. What do I do?
Performance Tuning for Huge Table (SQL Server 2008 R2)
Sybase ASA 9 Central exception on connecting to old database
Required hardware to build a development environment in Sql Server
Force encryption flag doesn't save
Disk space recovery on Mongodb replicaset secondaries
Number of virtual tables that specified user is able to write queries in PostgreSQL
What MySQL storage engine and table schema should I use?
Can I do anything about a very long running KILL command?
mysql performance / cache configuration enigma
How do I automatically grant all privileges to a schema created by a user in mysql?
Optimizing SSIS Packages
Help to create indexes to improve query performance and reduce report generation time
RegEx bug in MongoDB
What's the most efficient way to batch UPDATE queries in MySQL?
Postgresql after 'for each row' triggers don't actually execute after each row?
a question in tables relations
Adding a Clustered index to a HEAP table on someone else's app
INNER JOIN between 2 tables vs WHERE on one table performance
Unable to install 64-bit Oracle 10g Release 2 ODAC 10.2.0.3 for Windows x64 on 64 bit Windows Server 2008 R2
MySQL - Create a function from another function
Recover database until cancel without prompt?
Deleting Data From Multiple Tables
Is a query with UNIX_TIMESTAMP using indexes in mysql?
How to removing or reduce the size of redo logs in MySQL cluster
Why does a MySQL MEMORY-backed table take so much more space than on disk?
Heroku PostgresApp - Fails to start with edited postgresql.conf
MySQL licensing
SQL Server backup failing. Error: 3041, Severity: 16, State: 1
Select consecutive number of rows starting from some number
How do I generate a tnsnames.ora file to connect to an Oracle Database?
MySQL Workbench is not finding MySQL service?
Instance Startup Modes & Shutdown Modes
user "sa" cannot connect to SQL Server Express 2008 R2
Finding delete or update records
emergency-mode repair failed, nothing to do?
Violates foreign key constraint
What's included in the default OSX 10.8 install of Postgres?
Merge Replication Finding Session Id
Query to check where database growth was?
Reset all IDs in a Large Table
Is there a way to list all tables and when they were last accessed?
Audit 'sa' login in SQL Server 2005
AUTO_UPDATE_STATISTICS_ASYNC ON?
Should this be an identifying relationship or not?
Multiple PostgreSQL running as primary server on pgpool
SQL Server database size didn't decrease after deleting large number of rows.
Postgres not vacuuming 1 table
what is the best choice from those two tables?
How can I reinitialize some MyISAM tables without restarting MySQL?
Query to take partial backup in MYSQL
What are valid usage scenarios for HEAP tables?
Merge Replicate, reinitialise with a different part of the data
Deadlock on insert for a table with an insert trigger that updates column in same triggered table
keeping track of certain related field changes
MySQL: many Sleep processes
SQL Server Mirror failover on failing storage
Mysql: Large Query with subqueries optimization
Silently corrupted table after power-related shutdowns, records missing, *scrambled*?
Books to start with big data
mysql : inner join takes 3 minutes
Connect to SQL Server 2012 Database from 2008 Agent Job containing 2008 SSIS Package
SQL set profiling
Oracle: Long delay opening connections
Debugging a SSIS OleDbCommand
GROUP BY two columns
Why is DBA_SEGMENTS presenting twice the amount of data than the DBA_TABLES?
Wait time differences in Oracle
TempDB Contention with 24 physical tempdb files on 48 core AMD Opteron box
Redirecting MySQL errors and slow logs into another database
Is it possible for a MySQL database to have duplicate tables with the same name?
What is the benefit of using BOOLEAN over TINYINT(1)?
IBM DB2 v9.7 HADR TSA failure on the standby server
Change mysql storage engine from Innodb to MyIsam: Max locks exceeded error
column precision exceeded. ORA-01438 is so unmeaningful
Many-to-one Subselection in single query
Why do we need to rebuild and reorganize Indexes in SQL Server
Oracle scheduler chain priority in data warehouse applications
Large Fact table and partitioning key dilemma
Postgresql - Internal Array handling - array type or pointer type
migrate SQL Server geography data to PostGIS geometry data
How to isolate general Oracle 10g issues through SQL
How do I modify the user interface language in SSMS?
Help with the query
Implications of Changing to a Static Port
Is there a backup operator role in Microsoft SQL Server 2008?
Upgrade production database during software development lifecycle
how to calculate difference of first row and last row fields value in each group
What are the criteria for a sql staying in the V$SQLAREA?
The issue of sp_MScheckIsPubOfSub stored procedure
Looking for a possible multi-column index
pgAgent installation with Stack Builder in PostgreSQL
Restore msdb from SQL Server 2008 R2 to SQL Server 2012 instance
How to know the current log sequence number in 5.0.X
Case style of tables and field (Naming Conventions)
DB stored procedures: how do they help increase security in web systems?
how to install mysql on mac?
Storing Phone Numbers - Proper design
RMAN Recovery In Oracle 11g : Backup Database To Tape
Is it any potential problem with having 2 constraints suppored by one index in Oracle?
Mysql: Large Query with subqueries optimization
How to make a trigger that will compare input with a value of other table?
Why do I have to select from the dual table?
Keep total transaction in invoice application
Data Recovery in Mysql
SQL Server imports data in wrong charset with SSIS
How much work actually happens on SSMS and how much on the server itself?
ORA-00905: missing keyword when trying to create a synonym
Setup logical Database model for measurements
Query to compare 2 table results and filter extra records found in a table
Replication Error when adding small table as new article
Managing Access for DBA and IT Support
Introducing an 'age' category in a patients database
Mysql replication and ignore tables
SQL Server fulltext_semantic_languages
Manually increase PostgreSQL's table size limit of 32 TB?
Using multiple Active Directory accounts to connect to SQL Server
Is it useful to have the SQL Server instance root directory on a separate drive?
How to insert into junction table using triggers
Incomplete MYSQL Dumps
SQL Server 2008 R2 Express password overwrite
sql*plus 11.2 client connection to oracle timing out on Linux
User can't stop Oracle listener (TNS-01190)
Integrated Security Success on Master, Fails on Other Database
How to change page size in an existing sybase database
Select the newest data (inner join + group by maybe)
Query returning data from two rows of a table in a single row
How high can I set undo retention on Oracle 11gR2
Must an index cover all selected columns for it to be used for ORDER BY?
MySQL, import SQL dump with another database
Error in SSMS when attempting to restore a database
mysql session logging tables
Transfer selected information from a SQL Server business server to a MySQL web server?
Restrict record to be update or deleted according to dates inside row for SQL Server 2005
I get the error "You are attempting to execute a query in which the selected expression is no part of a statistical function." in MS Access 2010?
Hierarchy query with 3 tables
How would I reset all of the identity values for a table, and reseed the auto-number in Sql Server 2008
tempdb usage in SQL Server
MongoDB: What does '[DataFileSync] flushing mmaps took ... ms for ... files' mean?
processlist showing '%' as host from trigger
measure the traffic throughput on mysql table
How does postgres use the schema search path when making indexes?
Why does max_used_connections status not get refreshed automatically once it reaches max_connections, even though the Threads_connected falls down
Fixing corrupted Firebird database
MySQL check duplicate with group by using wildcard?
How to Restore Postgresql Cluster from data directory
High Network usage on SQL Server port
Long disk queue when no traffic
Database archive solutions
Monstrous query hanging on "copying to tmp table" in MySQL
How define select, if bridge pair may have 3 players?
Foreign key part of composite primary key of new table
Does having Default Database Engine MyISAM and keeping InnoDB tags in my.ini create any problem?
Can indexing views in SQL Server 2005+ speed up SELECT count(*) from a View?
Created databases and inserted data on MySQL slaves in Master-Slave replication - how to fix?
What is an accepted method of keeping old data in MySQL?
does max_connect_errors not check Aborted_connects?
Execution plan shows expensive CONVERT_IMPLICIT operation. Can I fix this with indexing or do I need to change the table?
Security permission to only read SSAS Cube with Excel
SQL-08S01 error in FreeTDS/Azure when executing stored proc for a few minutes from Linux (but not from Windows)
Why does my transaction log use so much space?
Is SQL Server 2012 Management Studio "Express" any different?
SQL ISO Standard for group concatenation
How to connect multiple users/schemas in Oracle 11g?
Stuff function in T-SQL
Audit user queries on SQL Server 2005
CREATE TABLE query with SELECT having NOT NULL fields
SQL Server: Simple database restore with overwrite
MySQL daemon keeps terminating unexpectedly
Database IO comparison
Archive database on Postgres
Query performance degrades with time and use
Oracle start database with incorrect password
Select column names whose entries are not null
SQL-Server 2008 R2, update Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.dll
Large set of execution plans hangs up SSMS
Ubuntu: upgrading postgresql 8.4 database cluster for use with 9.2 server
modify T-SQL to get results
InnoDB Performance Tuning
How to speed up a query with a lot of subqueries
How to model a 1..1 Composition Relationship
SQL Recover from .bak file with NOINIT
Recompiling dependent objects in Oracle
Postgresql 9 speeding up indexed inserts (JPA)
Oracle scheduler max_jobs_Slave_processes is set to null, how many will be allocated?
SQL Server - Anyone use SUMA, trace flag 8048, or trace flag 8015?
What are the naming rules for named instances on a cluster?
Are there any tools to go from ERD to DB design and vice versa?
Locking And Blocking With Merge Replication
Should I use SQL or NoSQL for this specific design (surveys)?
SQL query to get the syntax of an existing table
Oracle locked sessions with ASP.Net
Is there a free software that can import excel into mysql on mac?
In star schemas, what should I do when a dimension has a date attribute?
Problem with sp_Updatestats
Create job to send alert using sp_send_dbmail when table value greater than x
What are my options for GUI based Administration & Management of PostgreSQL
Selecting values that are not associated with one side of a many to many relationship
Cache all mysql table
which design better when use foreign key instead of a string to store a list of id
Getting SQLSTATE in psql error messages
SQL Server connection with multiSubnetFailover fails, claims mirroring is enabled
SQL Server NTFS allocation unit size
Finding exact statement causing error 3930
What happens to the index of a primary key after a DROP CONSTRAINT?
How do I analyse a set of SQL Profiler-generated rolling trace files?
Does varchar size matter in temporary tables?
clustered and covering index ignored on delete statement. Table scan occurs
SQL Server 2008 R2 Database - Why is the database not using free space before growing again?
Semi-additive measures for other dimensions
inner join on PK with extra criteria slow despite indices?
Maatkit shows the MySQL replication error in one table, but won't fix it
How to model entities in an entity-relationship diagram about a car service scenario?
Pg install: "The database cluster initialisation failed"
Average Time to Load 1.2 million records from Oracle INTO SQL SERVER 2008R2
Modelling Hierarchical attributes
Load spike in Mysql DB server
HELP with SQL WHERE syntax
Do isolation levels only apply to SELECTS and not UPDATES?
How does one correctly implement optimistic locking in MySQL?
How to alter primary key constraint for 2 columns in same table in SQL Server?
Inside a trigger create database is not working
MySQL 5.5 Fail start Fedora 16
SQL Server 2008 R2 Management Studio : "Evaluation period has expired"
Need advises for a new MySQL architecture
Move Primary Key to Filegroup (SQL Server 2012)
mysqlcheck to optimize innodb tables -- performance/scheduling
Should I create a new table for store information of an associated object with object need to create
How to correctly implement optimistic locking in MySQL
Referential Integrity - Re-using table
Why 2 allocation units during online index rebuild to different file group?
SQL SERVER installation error for any version 2008 r2 express edition
SQL Server 2008 R2 DDL Trigger to create DML Triggers on all new user tables
How long can Deadlock info hold in innodb status page?
An inconsistency in SQL Server 2008 R2
SQL Table Indexing - Database Overloaded With Queries
How to create multi volume file backup using symantec backup.exec
Connecting to database using Toad in windows
What corner cases exist when relying on undocumented behaviour to determine values selected by MySQL for hidden columns in GROUP BY operations?
Backup SQL DataBase to C$
Table Design - Identical tables for different statuses
Moving postgresql data to different drive
250 billion rows - computing interconnectedness on a really huge scale
View for a MANY_MANY_MANY relationship
Workspace Memory Internals
SQL Server 2008 encrypted connection using multiple server names
Isolation Level for a Data Warehouse
Excel Spreadsheet Import to MySQL
query processor ran out of internal resources and could not produce a query plan
Determining whether column in view can only contain unique values
Defrag a HEAP by creating clustered index and immediately dropping it
How to update an SQL column using a known perm link while appending a value from another column within the same table?
Standby controlfile error
How to properly design this type of relationship
DBF file exist while user has been dropped?
Database Design - One table for different types of transactions
Distinguish between schema and database
Error on SELECT - Primary filegroup is full
Best way to increase no of partition in SQL Server Table
PostgreSQL custom domain with trigger
Advice for designing a complex/multipart application
SELECT Data Set Using Stored Procedure with BCP Error
Why isn't the objectname and indexname populated in deadlock graph?
Parameters in queries using vba
Another BCP Export [Fail]ure
I have multiple ibdata files : What should I do with them?
Restore Database on Active Passive Failover Cluster
Update ranking on table
Searching for pairs of date/time values in a single row
Imposing column level security on a view for different user
Selecting Without Repititions
Does The Stored Procedure sp_removedbreplication Remove Rowguids
Oracle 10g using collection with sql
Database development/admin - What exactly should I be trying to learn?
Sharded Mongodb Communication
My SQL server showing different result with same query execution at different time
Is it advantageous to scale out using multiple SQL Server instances on the same server?
Referential Integrity in schema, cascading the renaming
Best patterns for encrypting database columns/tables in SQL Azure
How to determine why connection creation lasts so long?
How do I store spatial coordinates in SQL Server 2005
Retrieving data if control file is lost in oracle Database
PostgreSQL duplicate key violates unique constraint error
Finding the bottleneck by analyzing Munin graphs
How to Update same table on deletion in MYSQL?
Transactional Replication Error adding new subscription (null) article
Dynamic database reference in T-SQL scripts
One Complex Stored Procedure Causes Estimated Cost Exception
What is PostgreSQL database ownership
SQL Server how to test filegroup IO
Is it normal for tempdb TPS to be higher than all other databases combined?
How can I improve this DB query? it takes too much time
Why might my Postgres table be growing?
restore compressed dump query in postgresql asks password
SQL Server memory issue
Is it possible to see the (completed) SQL Statements executed by a specific session?
Innodb, MySQL 5.5.28 - Segmentation Signal 11 faults, on high load. .. my.cnf file included
MSMerge_contents Table Populated After One Sync
How can I organize my tables?
How to modify MySQL 5.5 settings that were set during the installation?
How triggers are called when we have two triggers?
Simulating having multiple Control Flows in a SSIS package
Use of Shrink after rebuilding Indexes in sql server 2005
Is it always bad to use SELECT * FROM?
When should startup parameter -E be used?
Named pipes connection closed when subjected to load
Insert command not showing schema details
Two slaves using the same server-id
"Thread was being aborted" error when inserting 25k rows
Exporting .txt file (tab-delimited) to mysql
using IDENTITY column with increment -1
Executing SPs in parallel (maybe with a cursor)
Error on SQL Server 2000 backup (.bak file) restored on SQL Server 2012
Doubt :: my sql performance tuning
When to use MySQL handler syntax?
SQL Server Management Studio 2012: How to have folders in the SSMS project?
Application with "configurable" columns : how to model this
Microsoft Visual Studio is Busy
MySQL 5.5 : (InnoDB) - Manually edited an .ibd file to test recovery, now entire MySQL installation is broken!
Why Do Replication Deletes Require sysadmin Access
MySQL performance tuning
Understanding the use of Sql command parameters
PostgreSQL - insert/update violates foreign key constraints
force to forget logins
What is Better SQL Server Configuration?
What is the fastest way to export a table to a text file
How to optimize a log process in MySQL?
mysql select query optimization
mysql replication: replicate all but one table to different database on different server
What's the maximum number of listeners an Oracle database can have?
"Log file for database is full" running an INSERT statement
Restriction on self referencing on insert in MYSQL?
Does MariaDB-Galera Cluster support LAST_INSERT_ID and mysql_info?
Not able to create a new table new_table from t1 by comparing primary key values of another table t2 in MYSQL
Preferred node for read on Availability Group in a multisite configuration
Invalid data types in restore headeronly resultset
Force number precision in a view with Union
MySQL query optimisation advice for search query
Special Oracle Order
What happened to my-*.cnf in MySQL 5.6.8?
Optimisation sub query SQL Server
Merge Replication SQL
ERWIN create and use database
How compatible are Sybase and SQL Server clients connecting to the alternate back end?
MS Access database in a network
Looking for a database that supports fulltext but does not lock table on insert or update
Understanding COUNT() as `count`,
Running queries against multiple servers
Complex SQL Query
Resolving DUPLICATE for a column with UNIQUE
Too many records on database and how to handle it? MySQL is it good to clone?
Can I connect to SQL Server 2008 R2 database from SSIS 2012?
Can I place the attribute in the Entity, when the foreign key is also already present?
How to write signal function in MySQL that can be called from Triggers and Stored Functions?
How to check parameter value existence in a procedure?
jdbc+mysql: "Deadlock found when trying to get lock; try restarting transaction"
Why am I NOT getting a mutating table error in trigger?
MySQL 5 on Mac 10.5: "problem connecting to the database"
Why I don't need to COMMIT in database trigger?
What is the difference between ON SCHEMA and ON DATABASE triggers?
Is it possible to monitor role and privilege grant/revoke using triggers?
Is there any risk associated with stopping mysqldump incomplete?
Denied access sending dbmail while impersonated under a login with sysadmin privilege
How To Diagnose Slow sp_mssetupbelongs
How can I export a subset of tabledata from a prodution database into my local testing database?
Besides attaching the debugger, is there any other differences between "(local)\Instance" and "MyLocalName\Instance"?
command or query to ping SQL server
How To Use Publication Without Precompiled Partitions
I have to update all the rows of a Column in a table. Here is my query
How should I model a worflow of status/activities ? (rules like "if is 3 go to 4, if is 4 go to 5" etc)
Does the Query cost in Sql Server account for buffering?
Does the Int type primary key insert order affect query performance in MySQL?
Is a clustered index locked while a (clustered index) scan is in progress?
How To Profile Stored Procedures
Understanding SQL Server encryption (by password)?
Options for setting NOLOCK hint in dataset queries
Derby/SQL - How to increase performance when left joining and retrieving varchar columns
How to force the use of row locks?
Oracle 10g - Sudden change in execution time for specific query
SQL Server Filetable document properties
Real Time SQL Server Analysis Services Cube Processing Report
Can I query a tab-delimited file from SSMS?
Audit tables in different databases
Select fields from multiple tables
Bitwise operations in TSQL
MySQL cluster stuck in start phase 4, how to proceed?
Will one nvarchar column affect query performance?
JOIN 2 tables, and query data from them 3 times
"InnoDB: error clustered record for sec rec not found" MySQL 5.5.28
Replicate MySQL 5.0 Master to 5.5 Slave?
SELECT/INSERT Deadlock
SQL Server / MySQL to DTD (+XML)
Are SQL Server in-place upgrades as ill advised as they used to be?
DBCC TRACEON (652) does not disable read ahead reads
Reloading .sql file from java into PostgreSQL - Windows
MySQL unique constraint across two columns
Can I see the RAID group name for my SQL Server Database files?
SQL Server permissions to create, restore, delete only some databases
jdbc: does setAutoCommit(true) commits past executions?
fundamental difference between Primary/Clustered and Secondary/Non-Clustered index
Update field with new string made from characters in existing value
SELECT multiple sensor values in one query
Create Enumerated Function Parameter Type
Does it make sense to use full recovery if the data and log files are on the same HD?
Unable to take backup of mysql database using Xtrabackup
SQL Server Dynamic Memory management
Database structure for a system with multisite
Database Link from Oracle 10g on Windows over to MySQL database
Import Excel Table to SQL Server - with date column
How does SQL Server order results when joins are used?
Installing Oracle 11g XE on Ubuntu 12.04
What permissions are needed to view dependencies?
Logging to a file in PostgreSQL windows service
What's the most unsafe MySQL configuration?
MySQL error in where clause : Unknown column
SQL Server Buffer Pool Utilization under VMWare
Display all tables and their columns
Changing column value
How to balance SQL Server memory with SQL Server Analysis Services memory
sql server instance using maximum cpu usage
Can I use SQL Server Management Studio 2012 on a 2008 server?
MySQL Start/Stop
How to Restore data from binary log
Merge and formatting of data from two tables
Parameter for Sybase Sql Anywhere 12 Serverport
How to create a partitioned table based on date?
Divide by Zero Causing Error transaction to fail with Arthimetic Abort and ANSI WARNINGS FALSE after upgrade
SQL Server 2005-2008 Compatibility Check
Adding specific information to a local file
Does mysqld wait for init-script code to complete before opening the instance?
How to update views outside of update/insert transaction in SQL Server
how to get avg() size by day using two decimal places
how to retrieve rows of different dates using IN clause
Renaming SQL Server Agent operator
Executing Powershell SMO against a cluster with elevated privileges to update service accounts
Query Linked Server Logins
limiting sql server backups inside .bak file
Transaction level difference between using a large IN filter VS. "BEGIN TRAN/COMMIT"
How can I inspect the security settings of a SQL Server Endpoint?
Error restoring Postgres DB
Can I use a foreign key index as a shortcut to getting a row count in an INNODB table?
Database setup/design for multiple services
Clustered Index vs Primary Key Performance
SQL Server Row Count sp_spaceused rows discrepancy
Workflow for SQL Server + Azure SQL development?
How to switch master server and warm standby (with streaming replication) in PostgreSQL?
Slow query on large table with GROUP BY and ORDER BY
How to merge Oracle data
GRANT privileges to table elements
SQL Server Database Diagram in SQL Management Studio creating multiple schemas
How to run a cold backup with Linux/tar without shutting down MySQL slave?
Use of CASE statement in a MySQL query
Take individual MySQL database offline
Issues installing SQL Server 2008 on Windows Server 2008 R2
How to constrain data
InnoDB, What would cause: "db1/tableABC contains 6 indexes inside InnoDB, which is different from the number of indexes 5 defined in MySQL"
Is SET INTEGRITY of any use after IMPORT statements, or just after LOAD statements?
MySQL Benchmark on FreeBSD and Ubuntu
Getting notification when log truncation is delayed
Why does ALTER COLUMN to NOT NULL cause massive log file growth?
How to test permissions on an empty database?
Can this SQL be made more efficient and combined into one select?
Load Numerical Column with Variable Comma
Query to report disk space allocation and used space
Rollback group of DDL statements
SQL 2008 RTM Temp Tables
What is best practice to organize / normalize database tables?
What is the difference between int(8) and int(5) in mysql?
MySQL server taking multiple seconds to run COUNT(*) query using an index on a MyISAM table
innodb changing row format doesn't decrease table size?
SQL queries break our game! (Back-end server is at capacity)
MySQL Explain: Using index, using temporary, using filesort. Can this query be improved?
Why SQL Server doesn't support foreign key constraints on views?
mysqldump not escaping single quotes properly
Replication master binlog rotation when network is unavailable
PostgreSQL: permission denied for relation
Sybase SQL Anywhere 12 - Get all indexes which are unique -> ambigious sysindexes error
Enabling "log_queries_not_using_indexes" disables "long_query_time"?
Transactional Replication not sending all commands
How can you monitor if MySQL binlog files get corrupted?
How do I configure multi master replication on WAMP?
SQL Server 2012 Edition Upgrade Error
Conversion of statements to E-R Diagram
How do I determine what MDF files are in use
SQL Server update and database transfer
SQL Server Cache Flush and Disk I/O
Check of SQL Server upgrade success
Oracle TRANSLATE Not Returning Expected Result
MySQL not responding, Writing to net status
Oracle not trusting statistics after an import?
Login failed for user - Error 18456 - Severity 14, State 38
We are running database maintenace with indexing the system, indexing fails due to locking?
A function to check if a column allows NULL
How much does table size affect performance?
considerations when using triggers on a replicated (target) database
Is it possible to record incoming parameter values in a procedure call while tracing in SQL Server Profiler?
Is it bad to create many mysql temporary tables simultaneously?
memcached+mysql cluster maximum memory
Microsoft Synchronizer Framework
Why default character_set_server is latin1?
Repair MySQL table without downtime
User already exists error
SQL query for combinations without repetition
Agent job will not run
COUNT (*) = 0 does not work?
How to best encapsulate monetary values in a database
Postgres Backup queries on AWS after reading Postgres docs
Many To Many Relationships
Correct way to design a shopping cart websites database
Relation candidate keys
Cannot INSERT into database on a shared server
Error migrating a big table from mySQL to SQL Server 2012
How to get how many rows are inserted in ORACLE?
SQL Server Maintenance Plan multiple database backups in a single folder
Backup a database with a huge number of tables
how to add removed partition?
Only a single WITH MOVE clause should be specified for any logical file name
Oracle User Profile for REST API
Is it possible to shrink an .MDF file on a drive with low free space?
Is the SQL Server Express memory and CPU limit per instance?
Correct Selection of SQL server instance db owner login name
Identify why a user can drop a database
Shrink a large log file for a "Throw Away" database
SQL Server Full-Text Index rebuild causing latency on other indexes
Getting a "type" column from each table in query
Transaction stays in capture queue
SSRS max upload size limitations
The four properties of a primary key
Estimated versus actual query plan with function calls
Support ticket system - when/how to move old tickets?
Performance effects of database file size and available space
Large files in wamp\bin\mysql\mysql5.5.24\data directory
What is the best database design to keep track of fields with multiple values?
Separate stored procedures for inserts and updates?
How do I terminate a running SELECT query without restarting MySQL?
How to design tables for players in a tournament?
trigger in MySQL to disallow multiple row deletions at a time on a table
Permission denied in file trying to import
Check if relation is in BCNF
How shared nothing and shared everything architectures look like in Oracle?
Know when a database has been restored
Join tables on a partial string match
Importing Oracle database from dump where source dump is spread across different tablespaces
SQL Server 2008R2 - How to prevent a role from creating or altering views within a database?
Uninitialized Merge replication subscription
Increase Oracle buffer cache gets slower
How group with min(date) and select an another column in the same table
Oracle 11g: "With Clause" very slow
Could not continue scan with NOLOCK due to data movement SQL Server 2008 R2
Backup and off-site restore setup
Access denied when trying to run an agent job
SQL set allowed values for a column
ASPState Log file growing tremendously - SQL Server 2008
High insert rate on MySQL
ON DELETE CASCADE on pg_class in PostgreSQL does not work
Does Microsoft Security Bulletin MS11-049 affect SQL Server 2008 SP3?
Slow query with straight_join for small result
Is there a major RDBMS that DOESN'T allow column name quoting/escaping?
Grabbing data from a query with specific criteria, then the data around it
How to concatenate a column after x rows?
SQL Server 2005 merge replication failure
MySQL Slave Relay Logging but not logging Binary Log
Why Does the Transaction Log Keep Growing or Run Out of Space?
I need help using hierarchyid datatype and requiring a unique constraint on a varchar field
error in Execute SQL Task with parameter
Binding errors with dependent stored procedures
Is this partial dependency?
Get week/month data
Walking a BTREE index as far as possible in MySQL
Removing duplicate entries for each hour
What is the purpose of session pool_mode in pgbouncer?
Generate insert statements for table AND related data
Pattern similarity in time-series
How to determine the read / write ratio of your server?
Any advantages if we use multiple database instead of only one in PostgreSQL?
MySQL INNODB corruption after server crash during concurrent truncate command
Cross Database transactions with Availability Groups
Tablestructure for fast inserts/deletes with foreign keys
SQL Server Index vs Statistic
halt on error in a sqlplus script
I need help to migrate denormalized table content to normalized form- MS Access
SQL Server Replication tools
Execution plan flips Filter and Execute Scalar when using the PK, causes cast to fail
Advantages of using PgBouncer vs HAProxy?
What are SQL Server Securables?
Inline Select Causing Incredibly slow query performance
Is there a way to write intelligent queries against a merge table in MySQL that represents a bunch of tables partitioned by date?
How can I restore the sql_variant_property of baseType back to a table variable in SQL Server
DB2 Defining remote database alias
query to identify all data types used in postgresql database tables
Logins aren't syncing across Availability Groups
PostgreSQL replication for archiving
Deriving formulas for input/output
Joining 4 tables and 2 counts
InnoDB insertion faster
In-memory and hard-drive hybrid
SQL Server: Collation of the resource database
Firebird monitoring tables
How can I stop SQL from validating an OPENROWSET query when its not going to be executed?
SQL Server Full-Text Indexer with stoplists/stopwords
Group By - Incorrect syntax near 'mycolumn'
How can I list all tables without a primary key?
Appending backups while overwriting expired sets
Database instance keeps restarting
How to determine the collation of a table in PostgreSQL?
Multi part identifier in Microsoft SQL Server
microsoft webmatrix deleted my wamp databases?
MS DTC errors on SQL Server 2008 R2 but not SQL Server 2000 running on difference instance
Why isn't partition-level lock escalation the default?
Logging query text without Profiler
Why/how did the behavior of extract(epoch...) from "timestamp without time zone" fields change between PostgreSQL 8.4 and 9.2?
How do I set and get custom database variables?
Dynamic change to innodb_flush_log_at_trx_commit
oracle streams - how to get last successfully applied scn for crashed apply?
Mongodb multikey index and $all in queries
Can't grant role permissions under sysadmin login
Can't connect to a PG database from MicroOLAP, but can connect from SSH?
restricting users to rows they created
How to Audit for Access with Cross Database Ownership Chaining
Determining if indexes are redundant
MySQL user defined rollback procedure
what are the implications of setting up a subscriber as a publisher?
ODBC Data Source SQL Server Connection - Login Failed For User
Where are partitions defined in mysql
Bulk insert into SQL Server from VMWare guest using distributed switch
case versus isnull versus coalesce
How Can the Same Query in Two Nearly Identical Instances Generate Two Different Execution Plans?
Backup Disappearing?
How are these two user drops different?
Usefulness of a multi-attribute index
how to reduce mysql overhead?
MySQL: Tree-Hierarchical query
Moving database file locations in SQL Server 2008
How to find an text in entire Oracle database?
When hash indexes should be used in Oracle?
What are the alternatives for prefixed indexes in Oracle?
How to link users and logins in an Availability Group?
What structure is used for storing CONTEXT, CTXCAT and CTXRULE Oracle text indexes?
Topics and posts represented by one table or two?
SQL Server - Ignoring object dependencies to copy a DB (despite some column referenced in a stored procedure no longer existing)
Help with SELECT queries
SQL Server - Varbinary Column - Extremely Slow Statistics Update
LOAD DATA INFILE blocks on concurrent use against MyISAM tables
Merge replication SQL Server 2008 publisher with SQL Server 2012 subscriber
SQL Server Installation choices
Determining which isolation level is appropriate
Simple filesystem cube
How do I list all tables in all schemas owned by the current user in Postgresql?
How to check on my partitions?
SMO v11 (SQL Server 2012) not scripting key definitions, indexes, and constraints
Best way to organize compound indexes on partitioned table (date by range)?
How to run this MySQL statement?
Inherit audit columns and triggers
How to prevent SQL Server database server from running out of disk space?
Login failure when running a SSIS package from a SQL Server job
Depending on Foreign Key Constraints to avoid deletion
Advices for modeling facts, time hierarchies based on two conditions
MySQL "Limit" clause grabbing more results than requested
SQL Server 2008 R2 DMV Question
After truncating a single partition its Primary key's index becomes unusable and all inserts/updates into that partition fail
Use data in a tablespace to populate another postgres database instance without actually inserting
Oracle aggregate functions slows query down massively
Get the windows account which runs the query?
How many control files should I have?
how often to run Tablediff
Do I have to retype information every time I make a mistake in SQLPlus
Why can't I create a database in a 107GB dbspace I created for my instance?
Large inserts breaking indexed queries
MySQL Enterprise Backup error: Log scan was only able to reach xxxx
Does SQL Server 2008 store the creation date of execution plans?
Foreign key of multiple tables
Trouble setting up Nagios to monitor Oracle services
pg_dump freezes on windows service application
SQL Server 2012 setup fails immediately (Error result: -2067529723)
Pivot rows into multiple columns
Kerberos authentication not working with Linked Servers in SQL Server 2012
What is shared between two instances on the same server?
Should a MySQL replication slave be set to read only?
Risks of changing to ARITHABORT ON
Comparing dates in a BEFORE INSERT trigger
How do I force a JOIN to use a specific index in MySQL?
MySQL metadata function to get projected column type in query?
How can I use select distinct and have a range for my rows?
Performance impact of setting PostgreSQL to log all statements
why is io_stall_writes_ms so much higher for tempdb?
Why is this key lookup required?
SQL developer: Setup debugger for plsql
Solve conflict between affinity mask and I/O affinity mask?
Forcing an index spool
exist (select * from my table)
mysql replication delay very serious
Why won't SQL Server optimize the UNIONs?
Is there a way to speed up an ALTER statement in SQL Server
Conditional compilation of SQL Server stored procedure
MySQL on RDS, data transfer from one instance to another as a production job
Lost databases in SQL Server 2012
What would be the correct size of redo logs?
In Postgres, how do I cast character varying to an enum type?
Where to put utility (not administration) stored procedures in SQL Server?
separating tlog and db file when using fusionio
Trouble with triggers and insert .. on duplicate key update
Searching transaction logs for changes
Which backup files are needed for a successful restore?
"In Use" memory on a SQL Server box
How do Availability Groups work with cheduled jobs and SSIS packages?
Why are there execution plan differences between OFFSET ... FETCH and the old-style ROW_NUMBER scheme?
How can I optimize this query and support multiple SKUs?
Which MySQL storage engine is the most similar to ARCHIVE when that is not available?
Downgrading SQL Server 2008 R2 Standard to Web Edition
How to update one database from another?
Do I need to RUNSTATS after a REORG in DB2?
How to split a string to and get info from another table in mysql
Msg 7391, Distributed Transactions (DTC) on SQL Server
Select Count(*) FROM with-clause-named table order by a, b not working
Why is this table structure so slow to CRUD?
Schema for multiple identical queue tables
Database structure for affiliate system
mysql freeze/crash on JOIN
MySQL query slow even with indexes
How do I display subtotals in cube browser in SSAS 2012 (Sql Server Data Tools)?
Transactional Replication Snapshots causing serious locking after 2012 upgrade
Postgres Incremental Backup (Continuous Archiving WAL)
Showing data in a table horizontally
Recommendation for synchronizing SQL Server DBs
Way to add referencing and referenced entities of a specific entity in E-R Diagram MYSQL
What is the modern way to partition PostgreSQL across machines, when the data is "naturally partitionable"
SQL Server Profiler behavior?
Unable to access mysql database remotely
Rebuild a table from history records
Deleting MySQL table with pending transactions
SQL Server 2000 to 2008 to 2012
Bin logs with high i/o
Materialized view for the last 24 hour period
mariadb ignoring force index
DB_ID context from farther up call stack
Map records to a time interval
Why is my database stuck in the Restoring state?
Is it possible to get schema ID in another database without using dynamic sql?
pt-table-checksum generates no output
DELETE vs TRUNCATE
How to store lots of small text in a SQL Server database?
Defrag or Backup+Restore
Issue with connecting to the mysql database
Where is the MySQL variable - innodb_flush_method?
what's the optimal partition setup for a linux db server?
how to improve query performance
Duplicate an Oracle database user
IBM DB2 9.7, possible to temporarily disable transaction logs?
How to properly secure MySQL database?
NEWID() In Joined Virtual Table Causes Unintended Cross Apply Behavior
Partition pruning with multiple date columns
How to Drop Database in Single_User Mode
Updating directly from SP1 to SP3
Connect to SQL Server using OLEDB or ODBC?
Should I rebuild index after truncate/large insert?
Getting last row for each day in MySQL
Input requested on localization setup for DB
How to prevent SQL Server service account from registering / deregistering SPN?
Force chain to start immediately after completion instead of on a timer
Performance benefit of taking unused databases offline
Where to put login.sql in Windows environment to configure SQL Plus?
Cannot restore Amazon RDS SQL Server database to given point-in-time using SQL Server Management Studio
MySQL InnoDB locks primary key on delete even in READ COMMITTED
Cannot start SqlLocalDB instance with my Windows account
MariaDB allowing select only user to create databases
An unknown error occurred while processing the request on the server
how to convert xml to database table
SQL Server Security Hierarchy
Expanding a partitioned table
What is the migration/deployment path from a LocalDB solution to Enterprise instance?
Simplify and optimize a complex query
Troubles with creating initial PostgreSQL base
Cardinality rule for bitmap indexes
Splitting a column to normalized table
Retrieving a fixed range of rows from Postgresql
Analysis of MySQL database in real time Amazon RDS similar to phpMyAdmin
My SQL Replication to an online database server
Server load discrepency in Slave with Master load being low and constant
Design database to query a date range for scheduling
How do I attach a database in SQL Server?
Improve the performance and stability of a MySQL server
ASPState database locking and growth problems
Performance tuning a cascading delete with many foreign keys
Non-clustered Index Update not displayed in execution plan
How do I fix SQL Server assembly optimization errors and memory exhaustion?
ANSI/ISO plans for LIMIT standardization?
What does it mean if the spt_monitor - table in SQL Server is empty?
avoid insert xml duplicate data
Covering Index isn't being used and I don't know why
MongoDB Not Using All Available RAM
Select blocking issue
How to GROUP_CONCAT between given rows?
ETL: extracting from 200 tables - SSIS data flow or custom T-SQL?
Profiler TextData output is null
Deadlocks From Locks on Same Temporary Tables In Different Processes
How to Recover My Oracle 9i Database From Just The Datafiles
Where can I learn about MySQL master/slave, master/master, or clustering setups?
How can I correctly choose maximum number of occurrences of a string while grouping by another field?
How to aggregate datapoints in a table?
Issues with a Table having 120 fields in mysql
Is it possible to CREATE EVENT to another server?
Optimal way to ignore duplicate inserts?
2012 Transactional replication not delivering new articles
grant permission
How to UPDATE a column to SET previous row value to NULL cells?
Why does MySQL produce so many temporary MYD files?
clustered index - data warehouse
Difficulty in finding Candidate Keys
Combining two similar SQL queries
How to transfer data using expdp and impdp commands?
XML Large DataBase is the best?
Merging multiple databases as separate schemas in PostgreSQL
Database timestamp
Saving every mysql user login attempts
Covering Index - Include columns
Optimizing index creation
Copy data between two databases periodically
How to setup a PostgreSQL cluster
Create MS SQL login for support engineer to access only vendor database
How can I ensure that in a insert trigger a column gets filled before other column?
How to restore replication after server crash
viewing Original Object under synonyms
Difference between database dump (export) and database backup?
Importing CSV file to MySQL via PHPMyAdmin
How to solve MySQL The table is full error 1114 with Amazon RDS?
Two way replication
MySQL concurrent INSERTs
check listener status other than 1521
How to avoid using the IN clause in sql query used in a stored procedure
Enable slow_query_log tries to write to slow_log.CSV
mysql index on derived table
Track access to database
Databases design decision - Mobile & Web
Automatic create SQL database and table relationship
Can't create/write to file MySQL
big mysql database optimization
Is there a compact way to use a NOT IN (1,2,3) syntax when setting a variable?
how to insert the remote table data into another table in my local computer in mysql?
need suggestions to improve view performance
What is actually happening when postgresql discovers the trigger file and promotes it self from slave to master?
MapReduce performance on a single PC
MySQL proxy to replication configuration
grant permission
How to prevent SQL Log from being too full
Calculate MATCH() AGAINST() scores from UNIFIED QUERY not FOR EACH TABLE
How to categorize rows by SUM of a column in mysql?
PostgreSQL: Can I do pg_start_backup() on a live, running db under load?
Fill ibdata1 With Zeros/Nulls/etc Or Change A Table's Tablespace
Does firing off an indefinite WAITFOR increase the log file size?
Requesting advice on creating a table controlled SQL job scheduler
Why does WAITFOR (RECEIVE FROM QUEUE) show up in the monitor incorrectly?
Running pg_dump on a hot standby server?
Expanding system tablespace
MERGE a subset of the target table
Read ancient Oracle database into current Oracle version
MySQL Partitioning, Reorganize Max Value partition (Known Bug / Feature)
Dynamic MySQL partitioning based on Unix Time
Oracle XE TNS Listener fails to start
Converting dbo file from windows to linux
Localhost vs LAN Database Performance
How many fields is too much for a primary key?
MySQL binary logs - skip a table
how can I ignore duplicate inserts?
Delete all rows within transaction: what would happen to other transactions?
Unknown option '--no-beep'
How do I configure SQL Server 2012 so that it can restore and see files in my user account?
Parse hyphenated word to unsigned integer
How to delete large amount of data from a sql table?
Timeout expired error while using copy database wizard
Sql Server 2008 to R2 Restore Backup from R2
Shrinking SQL Server 2000 database
SQL Server 2008 Setup Error 0x80070490
How can I backup a large SQL Server database without impacting performance?
Improve performance of query using IN()
database sharding - handling common/universal tables
sql server database sharding - what to do with common data / non sharded data
Securely Send Database Mail via an Insert Trigger
Postgres scalability - What is the impact of connection pooling?
Delete Archive log file
db_recovery_file_dest_size issue
DBT2 benchmark for AWS RDS
Recovery time effects of Availability Groups
Privileges required to install PostgreSQL
"Waiting for initial communication packet" error 0 in MySQL
MySQL index on column comparison
More than 4000 chars gives string literal too long error on oracle
What is the right way to manage users data?
Getting the first day of week
Bulk Data Loading and Transaction Log
MySQL my.cnf vs my-huge.cnf
Get disk space percentage free with SQL Server 2005?
how to deal with foreign keys with fixed values (on a db-table-basis)
Postgresql, write archive file over mount, secure against simultaneous access?
Accessing a network share via a SQL Server 2012 Availability Group
How do I check for a null or empty table-valued parameter?
SQL Server SMO and PowerShell formatting
SQL Server 2008 R2 database is suspect, tried it all. Final destination?
Deleting folders after Oracle upgrade
Access denied for user 'root'@'%'
Why am I missing some output?
Create a "barrier" (prevent parallel execution) in Oracle PL/SQL?
Changing a materialized view column's length after a change in the base table?
How to re-arrange rows to best fit within groups?
Update MySQL slave when changing the hostname/IP of master
Error deleting more than 1 row
Specifying the node to connect in db2
"AT TIME ZONE" with zone name PostgreSQL bug?
Finding longest matching prefix
How to re-assign two variables in a conditional UPDATE
Bayesian ranking
Best Way to Partition By City / State in MySQL 5.5
Transposing data
How to optimize this query?
Long running query
Storing user search keywords
Index fragmentation and SSD disks
Riak Key spaces and Indexes
Problems connecting to Windows-based Postgresql
Query taking too much time
MySQL Workbench table organisation
Generating an arithmetic sequence
how to select * from XML where id=1?
Reducing the size of a database
Optimising MySQL query with lots of self-joins
moving a 13 gb table to amazon rds
MySQL Stalls and stops all queries
MySQL stored procedure: loop through table, delete rows. Logic problem: won't exit loop because of LIMIT option in query
Connect to Postgresql 9.2 from Eclipse Data Tools Platform
Mysql Server optimization tips needed! (InnoDB)
Optimising plans with XML readers
How well, if at all, does Oracle NoSQL database integrate with Oracle RDBMS?
Size of TempDB Microsoft SQL Server 2005
Error in restore database
Cannot generate reports from SQL Management Data Warehouse
Backup a sample of a PostgreSQL database
Procedure cache (plan cache) size
SQLite or CouchDB for Locational Data Mining Project?
How to save mongodb data sub data more properly in this case?
Best cloud platform for PostgreSQL
How to mix pairs of rows without JOIN (in a temporary table)?
Monitor Sql Server 2000
MySQL replication - some values are not being replicated
Distribution Agent running but subscription does not exist?
Oracle database migration or copy
Set up replication and migrate to InnoDB with low downtime
How do I use the unload command to export a table to a IXF file
Normalized Table Structure for Logging
Why doesn't more memory necessarily make Postgres more performant?
SQL Server table appears locked for no reason
Is there a progress indicator for OPTIMIZE TABLE progress?
Practical application of EXISTS vs. LEFT JOIN to find addresses for delivery
Computer restarted and Postgres 9.2 service cannot be started?
How soon after updating expire_logs_days param and restarting sql will old binlogs get deleted?
I'm using the SQL Server Agent to schedule even non-database tasks - is this a bad idea?
Getting UserInfo data out of Sharepoint via OPENROWSET
Inline table-valued function vs inline sql
MySQL incredibly slow on WAMP and XAMPP
What's the best practice for representing set operations in a relational database?
mysql_select_db() very slow on a busy server
Postgresql 9.2 won't start after rerunning installer
Multiple "GROUP_CONCAT"s with WHERE clause
Cannot shutdown old postmaster when upgrading to Postgres 9.2
What's complexity of select * from table order by id desc limit a, b?
MySQL, wait_timeout, Mac OS X Mountain Lion - how do i set it?
Cannot remove .bak file
LOCK error after creating a clustered index
Where is my old partition in mysql show create table?
Backup and restore "mysql" database
oracle streams apply: how to get a reason why LCR message was not applied
Extracting entity from attribute in entity-relationship diagram
What causes Transactional SQL Server Replication to need to be rebuilt/re-initialised
Mysql replication - Error No. 1146&1062
Is it possible to determine mysql pre-allocated memory footprint
Sql server update query locking stages?
a query that shows the load request received through GPRS by salesman
How to find Oracle error log in 11gR2?
New login is created but 'sa' cant assign grant/deny permissions to user in SQL Server 2008 R2?
what is difference between last_worker_time and last_elapsed_time in DMV sys.dm_exec_query_stats?
pg_dump and ERROR: missing chunk number 0 for toast value
How do you set the pagesize, codeset and table space when creating a database in DB2?
query optimization: time intervals
Design for archiving a sorted list (with ability for a few INSERT)
I lost my database in SQL server 2008 R2
SQL Server Leaked Transactions
How do I solve an error code 127 when doing a pg_dumpall through a cronjob?
MySQL Replication and High Availability
Pivot a table to repeat the first column for each following column
Decomposition of a relation to 2NF then to 3NF
mysql cannot find database after dropped of it and restored
Swap Columns on some rows?
Powershell to dump database schema to text file
PostgresSQL: Cannot get to console under different user name
ERROR: database "dbname" does not exist
Restore a Database to a New database (T-SQL)
Connecting to AWS RDS DBInstance with MySQL workbench
listener does not currently know of SID given in connect descriptor in oracle 10g and solaris 10 env
How to design sales model for escrow type payment process
MySQL Workbench sync keeps requesting the same changes
Mysql database replication (failover solution)
How to login in database if we have lost password?
How to number SQL results sequentially?
Inner Join or direct data save in SQL Server
How to open Oracle listener for three database instances?
Remote database connection problem?
Which SQL Server Express edition is right for me?
SQL Server Log Shipping: Where is the hottest IO during RESTORE LOG: To db or to log?
Calling a SQL Server job within another job
How can I capture queries that fail on the SQL Server due to connection failures?
How to drop a DB2 instance when the instance owner was removed
SET extra_float_digits = 3
SQL Server 2005 on Windows 7 along with SQL Server 2008 R2 Express edition
SQL Server account delegation setup
Giving a name to a dynamic column
How much do foreign keys affect performance?
SQL Server 2008 R2 Restore a back up to a new database
Which database to use?
Deleting duplicate records when using text datatype
Sequential GUID or bigint for 'huge' database table PK
Is there a way to export Oracle's UNDO?
libreadline.so.6
phpmyadmin - Login issue, takes me back to the login page after logging in
Proper Index for WHERE X <> 1 AND Y <> 1 ORDER BY Z
Upgrade SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2012
Counting results for cross join
Changing field length when foreign keys reference primary key field in table
Rebuilding system and tables, should I change primary key to int?
Restore .mdf data file for a File Group in SQL Server
Model to handle music release artwork
Max connections sql server express could have?
How to split the comma separated list in the stored procedure
SQL Server Plan Guide vs Plan Freezing
Max connections SQL Server Express could have?
RMAN backup script failing
Lost postgreSQL password in Windows installation
Mysql slowly uses memory until it starts to use swap
Query not using index when it should
Log shipping and log file: Can the log on the master or slave every be truncated/shrunk?
Viewing MySQL Account Resource Limits
Separate or Combine 2 Tables with Similar Attributes?
Large Transaction Log Backups in Service Broker-enabled system
Why max_allowed_packet is larger in mysqldump than mysqld in my.cnf?
How to efficiently hit an index in a query that uses IN (mysql)
Unable to open BCP host data-file error
Performance impact of Splitting Table across files
Custom Postgres function not working
SQL Server Job logging best practice
Preventing PostgreSQL from starting on boot in Ubuntu
Automatic MySQL Replication Fail-over Strategy
SQL Server becomes slower over time until we have to restart it
Network issues with sql server
After piping a file with SQL statements to mysql, how can I keep the command line session open?
INNER JOIN Giving time out on large database
Master - master replication not working
Deadlock free MERGE-alike in MySQL?
Is it possible to use Native Clients from previous releases to connect SQL Server 2012?
Removing duplicates from a query with conditions in Access 2007
PostgreSQL - using password/md5 authentication with empty password
T-SQL Case functionality
Queries getting stuck on very simple COUNT queries
Does this mean the 'public' has full select, insert, update, and delete access?
PostgreSQL Return Joined Results of Select
Performance impact of including result column in indexed columns
Consistency in ACID and CAP theorem, are they the same?
Why would a SELECT INTO cause an arithmetic overflow?
Is this schema usable for multi-tenant clients?How to remove multi-cascade paths?
How does Postgres 9.2's streaming replication handle schema changes, and initial table setup?
Transaction and Try-catch in SQL Server Job
Count consecutive rows in mysql
Query Regarding Database Instance not proper
mysql 5 vs 5.5 memory usage
Migrating development and production databases to AWS
Safe way to truncate SQL Server Error Log
SQL Server Select Count READ_COMMITTED_SNAPSHOT QUESTION
Delete and archive old data from several related tables
Color syntax printing in SSMS 2012
mysql_install_db: How to set the root password
How do you reset the master key in sql server 2005?
How to manage 3.1 billion rows of data?
What is the best and most performant MySQL cloud solution?
Why does SqlSentry Plan Explorer not give the duration of my queries?
SQL Server 2008 R2 - Deadlock Trace, Need Help Understanding It
Support both stored procedures and functions with same TSQL code base?
SQL Server 2000 export database to csv
Advantages of Database Snapshot
Adding User access to DB2
Optimised Schema for City-to-City Distance Table
how to connect remotely to oracle database
Why do I get an incorrect error "ORA-01775: looping chain of synonyms", when the base table does not existing?
is it reasonable to use NoSQL for my project
Small Cloud Database
mysql statement based replication - unsafe statements
does last_insert_id() returns correct result when writes from multiple sessions?
Is there a recommended way to update a database schema when updating and app's RPMs?
Contents of transaction log file in more detail
How can I make only *one* user controlled database
How do I use MySQL Workbench to edit an existing, in-production database?
SQL Server 2008 - Adding a column and a filtered index within a single transaction?
Perl vs Ksh for Unix Database Administration
MySQL SELECT query: i want show duplicated entries
Point in time recovery from the same database - what does it mean?
can you run sql server 2005 and sql server 2008 r2 in mirror mode?
Multiple triggers vs a single trigger
Error trying to run SSIS Packages in SQL Server 2008 SQL Server Agent
What is the difference between NORECOVERY and RECOVERY when restoring database?
Thought about this SQL Server backup plan?
How to prevent query execution after exiting the \e editor in psql?
Why SQL server unload CLR assembly every midnight
PostgreSQL: Recommendation size for shared_buffers
Equality query on NVARCHAR column yields multiple results in SQL Server 2012
Easiest Way to Move 100 Databases
Is there a MySQL engine or trick to avoid writing so many temp tables to disk?
SQL Server drop and create all users in every DB
Attach database failed for Server '{SERVER_NAME}\{INSTANCE_NAME}'. (Microsoft.SqlServer.Smo)
How to downgrade my mdf file from version 661 to 655 or earlier?
Database Design - One table from many source(One to One)
Maintain table with too many insert
which mysql version to use - 5.1 or 5.5?
Collecting trace info of SQL Server 2005 using SQL Server 2008 R2 profiler
Contains statement Query
How to create unique index for month and year column?
SQL Server 2005 Blocking Issue
SQL Server - how transactions and transaction log work (simplified)
BCP stops after the last "1000 rows sent to SQL Server. Total sent: ..."
MySQL - Creating a user and specifying a password
SQL Server 2008 - How would I create a dynamic query for finding relationships and references to the primary key?
SQL Server 2008 - How did I solve the need to check the column definitions quickly?
mysqlbackup mysql enterprise utility issue
How can I set a default session sql_mode for a given user?
How can I find out the last time a MySQL table was analyzed?
Can I normalize my experimental data table further?
Right Trimming Binary Data in SQL Server
Is it a good practice to apply Vertical Partition to a newly created model?
Moving rows from one table to another
Schema design for privacy settings in MongoDB
Restore SQL Server database using Windows Powershell 3.0
How to check for null in column? and use other column instead?
How Count Row Value in SQL Server database?
SQL Server script to delete accounts no longer in Active Directory
Basic Question on input to PostgreSQL
Slow MySQL query with float using BETWEEN and ORDER BY
How to scale MySQL transaction wrapped queries?
Select columns from 4 tables
How can I simplify this query?
SQL Server 2008 DB size grown huge
How to get Sum and put condition in SQL Server database?
Limit memory used for mongoDb
"connectivity libraries needed are not found" error in IBM Data Studio
Is a surrogate key better than a natural key in this case
How do I know what indexes to create for a table?
Group activities in activity feed by users and products
Is a Secondary Index in MySQL the Same Thing As a Non-Clustered Index in SQL Server?
How to know when to scale RDS MySQL instance? How to scale it?
MySQL: Can't find record in tablename
What are the practical limitations on a column family in Cassandra?
import data from csv to mysql - good database structure
Remove sql server service from windows 7
mysqldump, preserve update_time and modify_time attributes as listed by show table status from
Update many-to-many relationship table
Database space doesn't match ibdata1 size
SQL Server recommended MAXDOP settings for NUMA
Oneway sync of two SQL Servers via FTP
Is it possible to use the same directory for 2 MySQL servers?
MySQL Dump/Import progress on Windows
Real-Time SSAS cube status notification
Facebook generates a Post record when I rename a group's name or just an ActivityItem?
T-SQL Purpose of MAX in this Group By Query
How does disabling a network protocol affect SQL server performance
Migrating SQL Server 2000 to SQL Server 2008
How to determine SQL server version install history? I.E. When it was updated last
Advice about Backup Solution
How can I create a view that spans multiple databases?
assistance with mongodb setup on windows server
What are good resources on data modelling for business intelligence?
MySQL 5.1.66 SSL connection error ERROR 2026 (HY000)
How do I use SSMS to compare Database 1 Table 1 against Database 2 Table 1?
Parsing and binding variables for SELECT .. WHERE column IN ( .. ) queries
mysql duplicate entry error 1062 when restoring backup
Which stored procedures are using a specifc index
inet_client_addr in PostgreSQL don't return IP
Stored procedure encryption and master service master key, SQL Server 2008
MySQL installation and data location on Windows
InnoDB row level locks without SELECTs?
Job fails overnight intermittently because of a windows authentication failure to log on to SQL Server. How do I troubleshoot?
The Merge Agent failed because the schema of the article at the Publisher does not match the schema of the article at the Subscriber.
What would be the first things you do to find out about an MYSQL environment you are taking over?
Tuning query to remove joins for reporting
How to resolve TNS error in Oracle when using an ODBC DSN
Does sp_droparticle @force_invalidate_snapshot=1 invalidate the entire snapshot?
Sql Server rollback to some point in time
Strange behaviour of the float type
Ok to drop indexes on FK's if they have no stats in the DMVS
Very Slow MySQL Queries, even with indexes
FOR XML EXPLICIT problems in SQL Server 2005 Express
Remote queries and linked servers
Find fulltext indexes in SQL Server 2008
Is there a SQL Server equivalent to "OVERRIDING USER VALUE"
How much overhead is involved with querying a DB on the same server?
SQL Server 2000 performance
cannot connect to sql server in single user mode
Oracle delete technique for table's segment size (data compactness)
How much of a view is persisted when you create an index?
improving this goal query
How do I add minutes to a time data type?
SQL Server Event Alerts Lack Enough Details
Modify MySQL foreign key related column without dropping foreign key relation
Best Practice to update columnstore indexed tables
Is there a bug with PL/Scope in combination with associative arrays?
Verify all Stored Procedures
Change a partitioned global non-unique index that is the primary key to a non-partitioned unique index
SQL Server 2008 - get current LOCK_ESCALATION on particular table
Why would mysql "show global status" query be taking 15 minutes?
Get percentage free space on database volumes
How to get SQL of single time zone
Finding and fixing InnoDB index corruption
Remote Desktop Session's Machine ID for SQL Server Query
Availability Groups and Partition Swapping
SQL Server 2008: Diff table data on different servers with exact schema
SQL Server : Transactional Replication Filter By Computed Column
Find the Foreign Keys Associated with a Given Primary Key
Group By on column from joined table
WSUS for SQL server patching
Cannot execute stored proc linked to C routine in DB2
SQL Server - How many type of timeouts can happen, and how?
Possible Causes of a Slow Sql View When Filtered
Database can be accessed by all
MySQL: To use MYISAM or INNODB engine? (plot twist enclosed)
MySQL collate error occurs when sent by PHP app but does not occur in phpMyAdmin
Migrating SQL Server 2008 R2 to new server
Efficient SQL database design for recording examples of a word
How to create an index view?
MySQL LOAD DATA INFILE slows by 80% after a few gigs of input with InnoDB engine
Cannot install DB2 Express C 10.1 on Mac OS X 10.7.5
Dynamic pivot: sum of sales per month
Error while restoring database in SQL Server 2008 R2
PostgreSQL: how can queries possibly be "immutable" / functional?
What to call a column that references another row in the same table?
Reset / force SQL Agent Next run date
SQL Server 2012 database backup successfully report but no backup file
SQL Server 2008 R2 Database Diagram Error Code
With the advent of integrated source control, do stored procedure changes still need comments?
Same Query takes 0 seconds on Server A, 7.5 minutes on Server B (same db/hardware/config)
SQL Server database backup file is double final size until backup completes
Big Data vs Relational Database on making structure of Data-ware house for telecom data analysis
View SQL's errorlog in Amazon RDS
Very poor insert performance MySQL / Percona Server
sorting groups of related rows by average values while keeping the groups together
Setting up simple relational database structure
Is there a combination of columns in sys.dm_exec_sessions that is unique per the server?
Restore only one datafile in SQL Server 2008 from partitioned database
Translating backup size to database size
What is the difference between a "record" and a "row" in SQL Server?
Does SQL Server cache data results for DAO?
MySQL master/slave replication... structure not being replicated
Oracle 10gR2 Data Guard Switchover
weird sql server behavior when inserting and selecting
Optimal PostgreSQL setup for Windows 2008 R2
Allowing end users to kill their own queries
SQL Server BPA 2008R2
What does 'system lock' mean in mysql profiling a LOAD DATA INFILE statement?
Subqueries run very fast individually, but when joined are very slow
MySQL large databases, unique index effect on efficiency?
store a file into table from TSQL
pg_hba.conf from PostgreSQL
How to disable ldf file or limit its size
Verifying Oracle*Net network encryption
Mysql synchronization databases on one machine
Connecting to a SQL Server database from a Flash program
sql_slovak_cp1250_ci_as vs Slovak_CI_AS
Comparing table structure and contents using pg_dump output from two different databases
High Cardinality, Time Series Data.. what DB should I use?
How to check growth of database in mysql?
How to increase fast backup and restore of 500GB database using mysqldump?
Size of the ldf file increasing
Is there any reason that metadata should not be a part of my database schema?
Retrieving data from inner join using LIMIT and OFFSET
Oracle Express edition on Ubuntu - control file missing
Proper indexes or anything else to optimize
Stateful views in SQL Server
Bandwidth usage in Sql Server
Performance on SQL Join
How does paging work with ROW_NUMBER in SQL Server?
SQL Server help tables?
PostgreSQL pg_stat_activity shows COMMIT
How to use a foreach loop with project deployment model
Storing 5TB web server access log vs OLAP DB
Experience using ScaleArc in test or production?
How do you authenticate the database connection when using Reporting Services Forms authentication?
Time Out issue, can I set the Ping Property?
Shrink database operation in maintenance plan failed
Is it OK to use WITH INIT for my Transaction Log Backup to avoid having it grow too large?
Inserting rows into other table whilst preserving IDENTITY
How to Log IP Address for Inbound Connections in MySQL
MAX function and group by usage - postgresql
MySQL: Does Amazon's RDS Multi-AZ feature use binary logs?
SQL Server Reporting Services Slow TotalTimeDataRetrieval Fast ExecuteReaderTime
How do I compare data and schema of on-prem vs off-prem?
Payment methods conceptual and logical model
Configuring SQL Server Job agent
Fetch Records alternatively from database
tuning feed item's table query with multiple condition
Best option to back up mysql innodb partition
Cannot connect remotely to sql server 2012 instance using SSMS
Oracle RAC with single node Data Guard physical standby
Finding similar values in columns
Using MyISAM for reading and InnoDB for writing data
What is the locking behavior for Updatable/Insertable Views?
Execution plan in simple query in PgSQL depends on offset clause, why?
How can I do a differential query (delta plus/minus) telling me what rows are in view A that are not in view B and vice versa?
Access 2010 linked table - solve the "decimal field's precision" error
How to model a user/group relationship where users are assigned an unique number within the group?
Are the following statements concerning sys.dm_exec_requests true?
Can't SHOW GRANTS after MySQL re-install
DB2 to require password each time
ERROR: could not find array type for datatype information_schema.sql_identifier
How to keep off-site developer databases up to date with production?
Mysql 5.5: Optimizing all tables with mysqlcheck - is it useful to run the -check option along with -optimize?
Best MySQL storage engine for read heavy table with two indexes
Page Header DB Frag ID Property
Delete word, its meanings, its meaning's example sentences from DB
MySQL server connections capped at 1013
cloud computer to speed up sql big data queries?
creating user related user specific content
Unique Non Clustered Column in Partitioned table
How to select row and column name where field is null?
Split date range into indiviual records
Restore InnoDB tables / database using only data files
Row_number and wrapping select ?
Performance of different precedence pseudocolumn solutions with LIMIT
Backup Only Database Schema Everynight
What should be done before upgrading MySQL?
Does MySQL have problems with nested insert like with subqueries in where?
Data warehouse support tickets
Find top by values by percents using range in SQL Server
Do locks on readonly secondary databases propagate to the Read/Write Database
Snapshot not picking up new articles in SQL Server 2012 transaction replication when added through script
Phantom Table in MySQL
Why do I have to drop a snapshot in SQL Server 2012 to restore a database?
Is there any way to get recently inserted value in a table without using aggregate functions?
Database Restoration Issue
Relationships in a school database
Filestream database backup error
Correct Code Page or Collation in SQL Server for Portuguese characters
Can I use symlink or data directory for ARCHIVE MySQL tables?
Save output from multiple SQL SELECT commands to a file
Can't create table with this script
PostgreSQL replication
MySQL 5.5 - Innodb - innodb_log_file_size higher than 4GB combined?
How to identify the db orphan mdf and ldf files
Is it bad to assign specific processors to SQL Server 2008 R2 cluster instances?
Indexing issues while partitioning with dbms_redefinition
Setting READ UNCOMMITTED when reading DMVs
Is it a good idea to have an index when the column value changes several times over record lifetime?
Speed up data transfer from db to application
SqlDependency permissions
Rename Primary Key constraint on Azure
Decryption not working when SQL Server database copied to new server
At What Point Does Having an Index Become Efficient
Why does SQL Server 2012 Express use 9.5GB of RAM on my server?
SQL Server OPENQUERY vs Regular Query against AS400
SSIS SQL Server 2012 cluster Availibility Group
Billing Module (Fee) for School Management System
Storing Different Products and Joining on table Names
Is there a way to export an Oracle database to a CREATE DATABASE command?
Postgres DB - Commit xlog files after server crash
Read only/Standby database - Set user permissions
How to handle huge table
Mysql: privileges to get access to "mysql" database
How to create an object and then alter it
Postgres 9.1 query plan not using check_constraints on partitions after large data load
What are the advantages of a monitor server for log shipping
How to delete and create user remotely on SQL Server 2000
Restore to a point between two full SQL Server backups
SQL services wont start due to incorrect drive letter
SQL services wont start due to incorrect drive letter after windows restore
MySQL 5.5 - determining correct write[read]_io_threads on high-end system?
Postgresql nested row_to_json not working
Slow Query Gets Even Slower After Indexing
Autosync master and slave when master goes offline
Consolidate does not work with my subquery
PostgreSQL 8.4 no levenshtein fuzzymatching?
SQL Server Table keeps big after schema change
How can I rename a table, but also all FK etc. references to that table?
How to avoid log space error while executing SSIS packages?
Drawing an entity-relationship diagram for a movie sales business domain
PostgreSQL Fuzzymatching Error
What is the nature of "LGWR: Setting 'active' archival for destination LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_2"?
PostgreSQL How do I convert struct text to plain *char in C functions?
SQL Subquery , One to Multiple rows
What is the way to paginate last updated rows from multiple tables?
Huge index for covered queries (indexOnly: true) or (indexOnly: false) with collection scan
SQL Server transaction log - shrinking and reattaching
How can I change collation for all tables and columns in MySQL database?
Allow access for localhost and named server
How can I best combine 3 queries into 1?
MySQL: select a row if that row is equal for every user
MySqli - select from db based on time difference with CURTIME() or SUBTIME()
SQL Server Transaction Logs in the Cloud
Having trouble with a T-SQL scalar variable during a create table
sql agent job hangs without any errors or warnings
Indexing a LONGTEXT column
Last Known Successful DBCC CHECKDB
Insert with 0 Writes?
Question regarding 2NF partial key dependency
Multicolumn index and performance
Deadlock graph with a lock on an index on a seemingly unrelated table
How can I use with differential backup of SQL Server
Setting up simple question & answer database
Is it possible to check all constraints in a MySQL database?
query_cache_type = 0 vs query_cache_type = 1
Backup plan for MySQL NDB cluster databse not innoDB
Rename interval partitioning system generated partition names
tempdb objects creator wanted, bufferpool issue caused by tempdb objects
Single DB shared across multiple servers
Cannot remove Mirroring / nor restore or delete database:Error 3456 (SQL Server 2012)
Internal architecture of cursors
In MySQL Multiple instance, default instance is running, second instance is not
MS SQL and MYSQL
What to do with alerted variables phpMyAdmin for MySQL databases?
How to design functionality to comment about a user joining a Facebook group?
Archiving fga_log$: sys.dbms_audit_mgmt.clean_audit_trail doesn't delete anything
Why ORA-00932: Inconsistent Types error?
Algorithmic order of table indexes for table operations
Factoring out subselect (with clause) ends in ORA-00904
Change the Existing Topology of a MySQL Replication Setup
Setting up a Postgresql Partition with foreign key
Getting repeated value in a group_concat only if ids are different
MySQL Dump all rountines except one
TMD auto create
Can I manually reset the "internal status flag for a full database backup"?
Is there a standard way to replace codes with values from a lookup table for reporting or analytics?
Why don't SQL Server queries use more than 7MB/sec of disk I/O
Granting a user account permission to create databases in PostgreSQL
Replication and linked server security
SSIS package with BULK data load
SQL Server manage indexes
SQL Server Agent - Run Query at the end of each month with date variable
Does implicit casting negatively affect index usage?
Designing a Products database: One Products table or many separated by vendor?
Ensuring Only Fresh Data Gets Accessed on SQL Server 2008/2012 Replication For Reads
INSERT succeeds but all inserted values become NULL
In the domain of SQL Server backup, what is a backup set, backup device, backup media, backup media set, backup media family
What is a proper way to handle a "sequence number" like field?
How to forcibly create/modify MySQL user grants, without restarting the database service
Issue with composite type in an UPSERT function
How often does the slow_log table get updated in MySQL?
how to add trigger in mysql workbench, without UDF, using EER design
SQL server 2000 transactions with the same time
replicate-wild-ignore-table does not stop already logged queries on slave
How to search for a specific column name in all the tables in MySQL Workbench?
SYS_CONTEXT INSTANCE changing on failover?
How to connect to a Database made by Oracle SQL Database?
Reflexivity axiom for inferring functional dependencies
Package state not re-intialized on raise_application_error
How do I go about creating this SQL query?
How widespread is the adoption and usage of database snapshots?
RAND in T-sql function
Tell MySQL to start using utf-8 encoding without `convert to`ing it
SQL Query Killed, remains in Kill/Rollback with estimated time increasing
When to create Indexes?
Oracle and TimesTen - Can you bind it?
Interactive INSERT / UPDATE function to implement UPSERT
How to simplify SSAS deployment from DEV to PRO environment
SQL Server Error 833 On LDF File
How to partition the table, week-wise?
How to retrieve disk spaces by removing tables from tablespaces in Oracle 10g?
Problem with nested UPDATE queries
dropping and adding subscription only picking up new article on some subscribers
What's the difference between POINT(X,Y) and GeomFromText("POINT(X Y)")?
Best way to index a table with two datetime columns that are equally queried
View server login permission
Local users access SQL Server correctly, but domain users don't return all the data
Use Older Versions Of SQL Server Databases With 2012?
Create two tables with identical superkeys?
Query for localization app
does a subquery pull the entire table?
Select Table Vs Select View?
Select multiple columns in subquery
How to list all users that have grants over a package
How should I configure these disks on a SQL Server for a BI configuration?
SQL Server Database Synchronization
Should a SQL Server TempDB space be allowed to be reclaimed?
Connect Error (2054) - mysql_old_password issue still not solved
Splitting TempDB into multiples files equal to number of CPUs
Why can't I read my transaction log backup file using fn_dump_dblog?
Configure phpmyadmin to run on different hosts
Query difference with where condition
How to tackle a large undocumented database
looping through a table type variable
XML errors while copying dependents during a redefinition to an interval partitioning scheme
How to add 'root' MySQL user back on MAMP?
Tuning reads (or perhaps the truncate!) for unusual database structure requiring regular truncates
Enable TDE for existing AlwaysOn databases
Importing Excel files with SSIS
Changing InnoDB data directory prevents MySQL service from starting
Proper procedure for migrating a MySQL database to another Debian machine?
SP for Restoring Database and performing other tasks on it
what is relation between sql server back file size and space required for restoring database
Increased RAM, Worse Performance
Differential backups in SQL Server 2008 R2
Query: All employee with sum of salary > 500
invalid object on a table that exists
Is there a way to get instance_id from msdb.dbo.sysjobhistory during the execution of a SQL Job step?
Active/active SQL Server Clustering in Installation Center (setup.exe)
How to get the information of the optimizer of sql server?
What exactly do database passwords protect?
History table design for supertype/subtype
Query Performance Issue
Which MySQL table to use for read-only, bulk-loaded tables?
Database design of Ledger Account and Balance sheet generation
Oracle 10g weird behaviour
Oracle 10g slow performance on first query
Warning in query plan "Cardinality Estimate"
Query optimization with extreme statistic
What to have in the main table and what to have in meta_table?
Oracle extract slow function call from a WHERE clause
How to keep history of SQL Server stored procedure revisions
sql error 1241 operand should contain 1 column
Set based solution to group multiple rows within a sequence
Is that a good idea to use one database for 50.000+ shops?
Can I retrieve all database objects owned by a particular user?
Using SELECT in the WHERE clause of another SELECT
sp_startpublication_snapshot Parameter(s)
How much disk space needed for 100GB of DBs?
How can I fix "Cannot perform a differential backup ... a current database backup doesn't exist"?
Full Text Search With PostgreSQL
Transaction log for SQL Server is too big
Mysql - show results from 3 tables excluding NULL or EMPTY values for certain fields
Missing 'Microsoft Office 12.0 Access Database Engine' in SSMS
How to scale when database gets huge?
Performance for fast filling table
Conditional WHERE clause
Determining the full postgresql size on windows
Inside SQLOS  Scheduling
Index included columns
Outer Join vs Dummy Rows
There is an equivalent of login.sql on PostgresSQL?
Why did my transaction log grow so much?
Need help with long running query
Query optimization or missing indexes?
To drop a table, do I have to drop all foreign key constraints or can I just NOCHECK them?
Open source alternative to SQLMaestro for PostgreSQL
Relationship that are optionally more specific
Is there a way to avoid duplicating the definition of a foreign key?
Is the Memory engine adequate for a read intensive/lookup table?
How to link each column in sql?
Could not find stored procedure
Identifying postgres db health tool similiar to mysqlcheck
How to login with Windows Authentication mode after domain name changes in SQL Server?
MongoDB Master and Slave Replication - Windows or Linux
How to change the replicate_*_table variable without modifying my.cnf?
Oracle Packages, Procedures and Functions Not Respecting Roles
SYSAUX tablespace is 98%
mysql logging activity from specific user or ip
Invalid File Name on login to SQLPLUS
Disabling "SHOW TABLES;" on mysql
Removing Databases in Recovery Pending Status after AG group was removed
sp_setapprole taking 100 - 200 ms
oracle clob export/import across non linked instances
MongoDB - Should I separate the journal and the data to different drives?
Invalid use of side-effecting operator 'INSERT EXEC' within a function
How to recover data around corrupted data in table?
What are the performance implications of creating an index in MySQL?
PostgreSQL 8.3: Slow GROUP BY on large table
What are the advantages and disadvantages of storing binary data in a SQL table vs a network drive?
How to get a list of global temporary tables in the current database?
Is there an analog of GETDATE() that returns DATETIME2
How can I determine the date of a snapshot in SQL Server 2008r2?
Parameter Sniffing vs VARIABLES vs Recompile vs OPTIMIZE FOR UNKNOWN
SSRS report viewer - log on failed (rsLogonFailed)
Primary filegroup is full SQL Server 2008
How to query last restore date in SQL Server?
Coding an accounting database from scratch?
Returning rows where all non-NULL values are equal
Is "Estimated Number of Rows" always per execution within SSMS execution plans?
Difference between full and level 0 rman backups?
Getting SQL Server query history
Can you have multiple Oracle ACL files?
Looking for a scalable relational database
MySQL Cluster - partitions on disk
What is the effect of replacing indexes with filtered (non-null value) indexes?
Mysql not closing connections
Is it OK to keep a value which updates in a table?
Can't return data from SQL/Plus and Toad but can from SQL Developer
SQL update satement taking a very long time / high disk usage for hours
Error: 9245, Severity: 16, State: 1. / During the last time interval XXX query notification errors were suppressed
Disadvantages of reorganizing all tables nightly
Is it possible to create a trigger on a table synonym in SQL Server?
Can 2 tables lock each other if concurrent read/update do not affect same rows? pagelocks off
when can AG primary replica be a different host to WFC primary?
Is it ALWAYS possible to avoid cursor?
What is the correct result for this query?
mysqldump not generating USE statement
How to do something like UPDATE DELAYED in MySQL
Count events on "user based" sliding window
postgresql out-of-memory
How can I use mongoDB efficiently in this scenario?
One database per company for "security" reasons
Use GIN to index bit strings
Oracle View Ignoring External WHERE Clause
InnoDB temporary table location
Slow MySQL query with Order and Group by
ERROR: Error 1005: Can't create table 'progetto.museo' (errno: 121)
Transactional Replication Over Domain
SQL Server replication subscriptions marked as inactive
Dump of a mysql table on import replaced existing records
Qcache_free_memory not full yet I get alot of Qcache_lowmem_prunes
Show processlist / Max concurrent connections seem to max out at 131
one trigger for multiple tables
mongodb heartbeat - unicast, broadcast or multicast?
Possible to query all SQL Server Indexes which have page locks enabled?
How to create two database copies in two users from same dump file
MySQL cannot start
Slow query performance
optimize this query
Index Key Column Order
Which Database to choose: MySQL or Oracle
To Foreign Key or not to Foreign Key..... (inet -> cidr)
How to set up data entry in many-to-many database in Access 2010 with forms/subforms?
Non-Clustered-Index on a temporary table
Downloading image data type contain to desktop SQL Server 2008
SQL Server Alert - Description (None)
Slow SQL Server query using a DB2 linked server in virtual environment
The difference between sys/ and sys@xe (Oracle)
MySQL slow queries - Fast using PHPMyAdmin , low CPU and RAM usage
SQL Server Create Access Denied even after adding MSSQLSERVER user permissions
Restore database from backup file of different version / edition
Steal ownership on database from user that no longer exists
SQL Database automatic back up
What is the proper way to backup MySQL database with rsnapshot?
inconsistent Data Type -ORA-00932
Who changed the size of the transaction log?
automated data sync after Primary node is down
Store a formula in a table and use the formula in a function
How to model Week Commencing / Week Ending scenario
Add additional disks to FRA diskgroup in ASM
Database Is In InRecovery Mode.
2 databases in sql server 2005 "Production Server"
How to Perform Two Simple Queries using Select Value from First Query
Best way to determine if a MySQL InnoDB table is in its own file, not in system tablespace
Master to Slave to Slave Configuration in MySQL
return percentage of records based on value in column
How to select only the number from "show global status like 'Com_insert';"
Total of Same Customer ID from a Single DB Table
Privileges needed for Oracle Text
error altering database collation
How can I copy data from one MySQL server to another based on a SELECT statement (then delete the data from the original)?
Which is more efficient, trigger or PHP code?
Query Performance Tuning on a huge table
Good, Bad or Indifferent: WHERE 1=1
Installation of SQL Server 2012 does not contain Virtual Interface Adapter?
Granting access to all tables for a user
Renaming the system generated partitions during interval partitioning
MySQL Tables crashing randomly
Trying to create a sequence in Oracle that starts with the max value of primary key of a specific table. Why does this not work?
compare the same table
SQL Server 2008 Mirroring
PostgreSQL: Can the archive command for master and standby point to the same directory?
What is the importance of customized data spaces in SQL Server and what are the quantitative measures that can be used to efficiently design this?
Make sure MySQL is not accepting remote connections
What is correct process to physically move an availability replica to another location
Is there a way to determine if SQL Server queries are running in memory or going to disk?
Get counts grouped by month and year
Does the order of fields in SELECT query matter when using composite indexing?
MySQL crashes with Signal 8 after "Table has no partition for value" error
Oracle 11g release 2 32 bit client Installation
MySql include partition key in index?
"can't return a result set in the given context" error when calling stored procedure - differences between mysql 5.0 and 5.5?
Capturing datetime of change in SQL Server CDC
How to return all values from a stored procedure casted as varchar(max) in sql server due to PHP mssql_query() ntext issue?
mysqlslap running very slow on a specific computer
Which is better: many join conditions or many where conditions?
Select Into a table on server1 from server2 without using 'Linked Servers'
Dissecting Joins
12c Grid Agent installation issues - Shell path is incorrect or not defined
Using Solr/Lucene for searching non-text tables?
How do I add/remove tables to a Windows Azure database?
Server requested authentication method unknown to the client [mysql_old_password]
Configuration options for relational algebra evaluator "ra.jar"
With MyISAM is there any index size savings when using INT vs BIGINT?
Does a standby slow down Oracle imp?
SQL Server - storing ulong as primary key
SQL Server Troubleshooting Replication and Long-Running fn_dblog query
Can't understand results of pg_stat_statements view
Something wrong in pg_hba.conf
Many to Many and Weak Entities
Cannot delete publication
SQL Server: reset all database tables
Master Slave Replication in Mysql
Cast to date is sargable but is it a good idea?
Using data from other database to populate a new database
SSRS appears to be ignoring Permissions set using Report Manager
How to avoid Repetition in the Database Design?
how to insert data from one table to another
Query in procedure occasionally does not finish
Error 9001, Severity: 21, State: 1 The log for database 'DB_NAME' is not available
Why one database is so much slower than other?
How to efficiently model this simple data structure?
Is there a SQL Server 2008 R2 specific target for SSDT projects?
About GRANT statement for user creation
can't create schema for mysql database
Tracking changes to a table via the update/insert cmds executed against it daily
creating table syntax error 1064
Variable substitution in psql when using \copy
 being converted from database to site
Change data capture - how to know who made the change?
Get ticket sales and reservations grouped by time slot
MySQL Point in Time Recovery For Just a Single Schema?
MySQL InnoDB locking on combined UPDATE-JOIN statements
Isolation and atomiticy of SQL Server UPDATE
Inserting data to a table which is being cleaned up by SQL job at the same time
Rolling Back DB Changes After Deployment Edge Cases
How do I check if a stored procedure is defined in MySQL
MySQL case sensitivity for table names
Use a Context namespace in a multi-tenant database?
MySQL selects/updates only using 1 core
MySQL: optimal configs / methods for ALTER of large MyISAM table to InnoDB (17gb+)
Database suitable for data mining
How do I dump only the data for all tables using mysqldump
Choice- or ids-list- field representation
Identify applications with locks
Monitor user to query processlist
How export a sql server 2008 diagram to PDF filetype?
Changing subscription expire days
Struggling with pgBouncer
Optimistic concurrency check failure when updating linked server table with timestamp column
Change SQL Server 2008 name
SSD for production database
Efficiently Filter Large Set With Disjunctions
comma delimited column fix
12154 error when using PL/SQL Developer
Automatic MySQL Sync from master, where Slave was offline for long period of time
How to have a one-to-many relationship with a privileged child?
Best way to defrag/compact a database for archival purposes
Oracle Table Design, Storing Small Values
Using MySQL EXPLAIN to analyze the performance of a function
Trouble with SQL and aggregates
Identify File Growth Events
TFS 2012 - Database Project - User with NO LOGIN map to Windows - best practices
Open source and commercial tools to build dynamic queries of fact tables in star schema
Can SQL Server Management Studio Express be installed standalone?
MySQL partitioned tables?
Unexpected Unique Constraint Violation
How and when to use sys_refcursor in oracle
sql job cancel triggers failure notification
How do you avoid a foreign key constraint creating deadlocks?
Should I be alarmed by this NO JOIN PREDICATE warning?
Continuing failovers on production server
Server default collation change or not change
SQL Server Deadlock on two updates due to index lock order
SQLQueryTableData-Important
unable to login oracle as sysdba
Assign most elevated permission to Sql Server DB
Reference the database from a stored proc?
how to dump a single stored procedure from a database
MySQL Left Join Select all rows
Does rowlocks on index cause keylocks? : Transaction (Process ID xy) was deadlocked, example included
Deciding between an IsDeleted/DateDeleted column or a separate History table?
Looking for industry standard and/or tool to represent and export RDBMS metadata
Clustered index in SQL Server vs index organized tables in Oracle
Update row based on match to previous row
Restore backup fails - not enough disk space
Getting Identity values to use as FK in an INSTEAD OF trigger
MySQL: optimal configs / methods for ALTER of large MyISAM table to InnoDB (17gb+)
Different Results From sys.databases As Different Users
How to force drop database in SQL Server 2008
selecting where two columns are in a set
Dealing with large log files
Deploying to an existing database from VS 2010 on TFS
Does SQL Server care about the location of accounts in Active Directory?
Updating SQL Server Database
Handling exceptions in stored procedures called using insert-exec blocks
temporary table inside procedure oracle
Is there a canonical list of MySQL defaults which should be changed
Importing data with a lot of SELECTS during transaction
SQL INSERT Query takes 2 seconds and sometimes much longer to execute
how to return table on sql function
MySQL join two table if second table is not empty
What am I doing wrong with the Database Tuning Advisor?
How to replicate from SQL Server 2000 to SQL Server 2008 R2?
SQL71561 Error on Schema compare after initial import from database
Optimize simple query in SQL Server
declare keyword error mysql
Import batches of rows from Excel in parallel
identify blocking and send alert
Can one assign a performance score to a stored proc to compare performance of 2 procs
I accidentally set password to blank for a PostgreSQL database, how do I change it?
Aggregating statistics from child rows
SSDT 2010 and SQL70590 errors
SQL Server 2008 and extended properties
How can I change SQL Agent Log file to use unicode format?
Postgres 9.1 statistics in pg_stat_database
Where can I read about views for MySQL?
Import indexes with SQL Server
In SQL Server, what are the typical symptoms of parameter sniffing?
Efficient query plan for selecting all data duplicated on several columns
How to return different statements in where clause ? (oracle)
Slow queries to remote PostgreSQL db
How can I install a provider for linked server?
Quick way to validate two tables against each other
SQL Server Restore a SINGLE table from a backup
Any issue in referencing a unique index from a foreign key table?
Transaction in SQL Server
MySQL | Complex (for me) SQL Statement, how to?
Strange MySQL database that I can't select
Is it possible to drop data from OLAP database (and to keep definitions)?
mysql fine tuning: open_tables, opened_tables
Migrate DB2 UDB (Iseries) to SQL Server
conversion of high_value to date datatype
What is the actual difference between innodb_autoinc_lock_mode 0,1,2
SQL Update Efficiency and Blocking Concern
What happens when changing column type DATETIME to TIMESTAMP in MySQL?
INSERT trigger dying with with #target columns not equal to #expressions, but they are equal
db INDEX on ORDER BY FIELD in very simple query does not help - still slow response?
MySQL - Performing an IF statement for each row in a query
Which hot backup tools for MySQL InnoDB database : Percona XtraBackup, Zmanda Recovery Manager Enterprise or Community or?
Copy files using script to a network share
MySQL InnoDB logfiles resized - review mysql-err.log for potential problems
Detecting SQL Server Utilization with a query
Integration Services Catalogs - Version Description
selecting more fields causes catastrophic failure
Struggling with complicated date query
Query is slow for certain users
Oracle 11G Can't create database from template
Append to an existing backup setup when doing a Transaction Log backup?
How to influence Oracle backup output size?
How arrange columns in sp_whoisactive by Adam Machanic
Oracle 10 UPDATE query
The backup of the file or filegroup "fileStream" is not permitted, because it is not online
MySQL Workbench and Optional Many's
Issue with Storage Engine
Oracle 10g dump file into Oracle 11g database
Is PostgreSQL replication production ready?
What would cause Mysql database entries to be truncated to 253 characters?
Postgresql - Segmentation fault (core dumped)
Designing Simple Schema for Disaggregation of Demand Forecast
Difference between SQL batch, statement and RPC?
What relationship type to use for this messaging system?
DB2 error - SQL Statement too long or complex
SQL Server Express in a shared hosting environment
Delete with subquery with no unique columns
32-bit ODBC driver on 64-bit SQL Server
How to troubleshoot SQL Server Merge Replication Conflict?
Restore the latest backup on the database
SQL Server distribution database log file grows uncontrollably after full database backup
MySQL Index Fragmentation
Query taking long time
Disaster recovery plan - Having multiple servers
Commit Insert but Hold Lock
table is full in innodb
PostgreSQL 9.1, how to restore a Hot Standby Slave w/o any Wal Files?
Amazon RDS for MySQL vs installing MySQL on an Amazon EC2 instance
Efficient way to query set of rows from MySQL
Symmetric self-referential many-to-many
SSAS Drillthough Limit
Indexing strategy when using the between operator SQL Server 2008
Worth investing in MS SQL?
MySQL auto increment problem with deleting rows / archive table
Is there any way to break out of the string and inject SQL without using a single quote in oracle?
In Mysql 5.5, why is the upper bound of a character range not inclusive?
Conceptual Design of a data warehouse (declaring the grain)
Anyone want to try a script bash or python?
What is a Storage Definition Language (SDL)?
MySQL Create table syntax error
Indexing is not working
SQL Server 2008 - is "NT AUTHORITY\ANONYMOUS LOGON" login "mandatory"?
How many database licenses do we need for setting 2 servers (nodes) into a cluster?
How to create Buffer Pool in Database dedicated only for ONE BIG table?
NOSQL Database for
One CPU in a 32-core system is getting to 100% usage and hurting performance
Why would one need multiple instances of same Oracle database?
Can a table belong to multiple tablespaces?
Database not naturally shrinking log file
Moving data between Oracle and PostgreSQL
Does installing SQL Server Database Engine and Reporting Services in Azure require two virtual machines?
Identify NON-ANSI joins in SQL Server 2008 R2 on a Database that's in 2000 (80) compatibility mode
Synchronize Queries Retrieving Sessions And Locks From DMVs
are there significant differences with 500+ million row tables in Oracle?
Parameter triggers different execution plan, but why?
SQL Query to replace character based on join
How can I disable utf8mb4 entirely on MySQL 5.5?
How do I debug an ETL process that is unable to commit any records?
Give permission to select from system tables
How should I model a binary-tree like data using Adjacency List?
How to design data about a column can belong to the whole table?
Are view references in a query properly called "derived tables" as such?
Error in SQL Server 2012 OUTPUT clause
How do you manage SQL jobs that belong to a database?
Permission Denied Copy
What platform for a large record based mathematical database?
SQL Server merge replication across domains
Can we minimise the risk of using xp_cmdshell?
Installing SQL Server 2000 x86 Enterprise on Windows 2003 x64
Changing data type from DATE to CHAR(10) with a query
Starting a Postgres slave that is in hotstandy - stuck after start
SQL Server - Must be first statement in query batch - what and why?
Installing Full Text Search on SQL Server 2008 R2 Express
Should I use Asynchronous Mirroring?
Getting the exact edited data from a column in SQL Server
NoSQL, CouchDB vs. CouchBase, What should i do?
Using SQL Server 2012 for Business Intelligence Features Only, No Database Engine
How to normalize data based only on the repetitions
Row locking or avoiding duplicate insertion on primarykey/otherfield combo
Logical reads amount difference with almost identical indexes
SELECTing multiple columns through a subquery
MySQL performance tuning + queries stuck on "Copying to tmp table"
Migrating from Oracle to MySQL using WorkBench Migration Tool
Restrict access for Windows administrator
Replication between SQL Server 2005 and Azure database
MySQL Installation error: Unable to update security settings
How can I make sure the SQL Server query optimizer uses the exact tables in the query
MySQL: Adding Routines to a Slave
Adding indices to views
Should I update to sql server 2008 sp2 before restoring the db's or do the update after?
PHP and mySQL - Binding a parameter in an if statement
Is it possible to have a valid backupset with null position?
What is the difference between Oracle clusterware and Real Application Clusters?
Safe way to stop/abort REINDEX
Does a transaction cover the subroutines?
How to use SUBSTRING using REGEXP in MySQL
Does TRUNCATE TABLE affects isolation level in Sql Server?
Why are non-digits LIKE [0-9]?
Mysql query - find out 1000th row from a table for each user
How to set Password for sqlplus /as sysdba
mysql remote connect
SQL Server connection failed for domain user from Mac OS machine
Why does MATCH() give Score 0, if there are less rows in the database?
SQL Server replication for off site copy
PK Fragmentation on INT IDENTITY column
Check for records that break a foreign constraint (created with foreign_key_checks = 0)?
Pricing of databases in Azure
Oracle insert max from two date
Can I recover a TDE certificate by restoring the MASTER database?
Where can I find the SQL standard document?
SQL Server Report Manager 404 using HTTPS
Creating new database and insert values in Oracle 10g xe hr account?
SAN block size for SQL Server on 4KB NTFS
Are MySQL transactions under-utilised?
How to remove symbol from file
Convert rows to columns in SSIS. Unpivot?
Can this array group count query be improved?
Stored Procedure as Create Table proxy?
AWS performance of RDS with provisioned IOPS vs EC2
Should a table be partitioned before or after an INSERT?
Is it possible in SQL Server to change default "order by" direction from asc to desc?
Naming foreign key columns
Postgresql Two-phase Commit Transaction Identifier
Mysql Incremental Backup and point in time recovery
Using multiple server databases
LIKE character length limitation
Materialized view for a yet-to-be-defined DBlink
can not execute LIMIT on sql Developer
Do I need a locking read?
Normalization of DB
LoadBalancing JDBC DataSource Connect without URL
Column order for better index
Negative numbers in InnoDB Status
What to do with duplicate lookup information
MySQL query to search string in Master-Child tables and return all rows with Master-Child relation
Receiving error Error: 18059, Severity: 20, State: 1 in the SQL Logs
What would this non-'unique index with a unique search condition` query lock?
Finding out the hosts blocked by mysql server
Performance Optimising MySQL query
SQL Server 2008 Restore from D2D
DB2 9.7 - Find rows inserted by a specific trigger
SSIS Validation slow. OLTP OLAP running on same server
Unique insert performance: Primary Key vs Unique Index
Database design for voting module with long-run and high-load capability
Query design for tracking order status
How to search whole MySQL database for a particular string
Problem with (not) Locking Tables during Restore
MySQL Reusing calculation in SELECT clause in a VIEW
Same product name with different price in different states
Most efficient way of bulk deleting rows from postgres
Stored procedure performance metrics
Postgresql: Return Unique Rows
Which database type to use
Reindexing plan
Setting up a use voting table
stored procedure examples
How does sampling work when updating statistics?
Mysqldump tables excluding some fields
Why can't RDBM's cluster the way NoSQL does?
How to start running queries in Oracle?
Storing logs on per day basis in PostgreSQL
Execution of sequential delete and uncommitted read
Examples of a database with no consistency measures that ensures consistency through schema alone
index doesn't work properly
Restore SQL Server database from .sql files
Root cause for Invalid arguments in call (ORA-17068)
Storing IPv4 and IPv6 hosts and networks
simple query is not using indexes
An admin (GUI or shell tool) for managing all kinds of databases
What is a suitable index for this query?
Why does sql server need to convert count(*) result into int before comparing it with an int variable?
mysql update unique values from 2 different tables based on 2 index fields
Partition of tablespace
How to retrieve master log position and master log file in shell script
SQl Server 2008 R2 - sa can login but not access database
Safe to kill SPID as long as its a SELECT
Everyone warns against shrinking a database, but will it work in my case? 1 GB db with tables removed now 100 MB
Adding a user to MySQL with 'name'@'%' fails with ERROR 1396
Can I launch a stored procedure and immediately return without waiting for it to finish?
Create a VIEW that spans 3 tables
ORDER BY clause is allowed over column that is not in SELECT list?
ORA-12154 TNS: could not resolve the connect identifier specified with SQLPLUS
SQL Database Structure for RESTful API
PostgreSQL can't start after tuning some options
mysqldump including deleted rows
dbo.DTA_* tables in MSDB
Find orphaned users
Resetting a SQL Server 2012 sequence
AlwaysOn Availability Groups: Confusion with some concepts
Phpmy admin not showing my table but mysqldump
Query is not using indexes on third table in left join
Move named instance to another server
Missing PK/FK after database migration
How to design future proof tables?
Insert Value based on One Column based on Value on another Column
What are the implications of changing the SQL Server Service Logon Account?
Are there problems with using SQL Server AlwaysOn Availability Groups with Windows 2008R2?
Multiple primary keys
Log all errors in queries
Correct data model for users with clients
Database Design Cars-Models / Car Classifieds
Trigger in combination with transaction
Query notifications and connection options
Generate XML using Oracle XML schema
MYSQL Triggers syntax
Does MySQL's MyISAM use cache before insert?
how does SQL Server 2008 handle joins internally?
How do I get ER Studio Data Architect to automatically add SCD Fields to my Dimensions?
Need Some SQL help
MySQL: Improve performance for one row insert into table with unique constraint
Database functional dependency BCNF help
MySQL Scheduled Event and server offline?
Trying to start a newly created cluster in PostgreSQL on Windows
Are there differences in performance of getting data between FullText Search and indexed columns
Is it a best practice to contrast table and dependent view metadata to target which views to refresh?
How to set the timeoffset in a Datetimeoffset column without changing the date part
Why is this relation in 3NF?
Modify all tables in a database with a single command
DB2 DBM paramter NUMDB has value 8. Should I change it to 1 because I have only one database?
MySQL General log not working on Mac OS X
Any option for mysqldump to ignore databases for backup?
What exactly does "No Join Predicate" mean in SQL Server?
Normalisation from 1NF to 3NF
How to apply patches in MySQL in any version
Mysql: disable unused schemas
Oracle create user with privileges to grant references
How to sort category by path and sort order?
Mysql optimization help
ERD Review Please
How can I query for existing database snapshots in SQL server?
SQL Server 2005 database corruption. Advise
issues with encoding and pg_dump/restore between windows and linux
Can Oracle Named User Licenses be reused?
How to choose a good value for MySQL relay-log-space-limit?
SQL Data Collector - SSIS required on source server?
How to do point in time recovery of binary log files into .sql file
Graph Database with "non-graph" data
Altering same table across multiple databases
How can I programmatically grant (and revoke) temporary database access in MySQL?
How does MySQL resolve schema information?
Microsoft Access - performance difference between index and constraint?
Analysis service database security at application level
Why is this query so slow?
Undefined reference to my function
How to change Oracle user password without showing the actual password on screen?
SQL Server 2012 defrag job runs interactively, but not as a job - why?
Does MYSQL join before LIMIT?
Does PostgreSQL optimize queries in transaction?
How can FLOOR(3) equal 2?
How can I select the OS User in MySQL?
Selecting data from multiple rows into a single row
Advanced column in MS-BIDS
best way to create multiple similar tables - CTAS vs INSERT
Twice job results in sql server, last one is left in progress
Partitioning on a single filegroup
Automatically restart SQL Server 2008
Manually set log file size after shrink SQL Server 2008 R2
Mysql : Maximum number of connections on a per user basis - Possible?
Tools and methodologies to keep to DBs aligned
Twice job results in sql server, last one is left in progress
Regular Expression Integrity Constraints in SQLite3
How do uninitialized variables differ from NULL in Mysql?
how to find vertica community edition and how to export / copy data
Update to session table slow
Query records that chain together based on date gaps
Set up AlwaysOn in virtual environment: How to add nodes to domain?
Microsoft Baseline Configuration Analyser on Production
Choosing the right algorithm in HashBytes function
SQL Cluster Resources Disappear After Removing Disk Resource
Strange behaviour of a query with order by and rownum on Oracle's Exadata server
Cannot grant, deny, or revoke permissions to sa, dbo, entity owner, information_schema, sys, or yourself
The login already has an account under a different user name
Live monitoring SQL statements on SQL Server
Difference between Owned Schemas and Role Membership for Microsoft SQL Server
How does mysqldump take place when there are more than one database?
CouchDB views and references
"The SELECT permission was denied" only for some of my tables
Understanding WAIT_TIME_MS
Postgresql server causing a lot of IO activity
Sybase ASE 15 "reorg rebuild" fixes performance issues - why and how to tell when it's needed?
Understanding the time difference between data grid initial display and export/full display using Toad for Oracle
SSMS 2008 Object exploer not showing
DB2 Online Restore but Without Roll Forward?
How to include the value of the query parameter in the email body using sp_send_dbmail
What are the best practices for backing up a secured SQL Server 2012?
Does SQL Server use pointers instead of storing duplicate rows?
Transaction Log maintenance on Mirror database
Should master and slave have same mysql version?
Is it better to separate a big query into multiple smaller queries?
can I get a list of all parameters and their values while inside my stored procedure?
Mysql Can't create test file + 1067 Error
Storing metadata of various data types in a MySQL database
SQL Server - backup / restore schema only
Is data retrieved from SQL Server compressed for transmission?
Database encryption and key management with pg_crypto
Does fast bcp replicate in sybase sql statement replication?
Difference between reorg-rebuild and index re-create in Sybase ASE
ORA-06512: at "SYS.DBMS_ADVISOR", line 201 PL/SQL: numeric
ER Diagram translation to tables
Multiple parents and multiple children in product categories
What is the error in this TRIGGER?
Why is a new user allowed to create a table?
How does mysql deal with queries that touches myisam and innodb tables?
Problems executing pg_ctl during pg_upgrade from 9.0 to 9.1 on Windows
Why did PostgreSQL choose an elephant as it's logo?
Should I manually VACUUM my PostgreSQL database if autovacuum is turned on?
PostgreSQL Hot Standby
Mysql setting a record as deleted or archive
Add Check Constraint On Varchar Column to enforce no duplicates
Online backups with VENDOR library: what should be set for ACTIVE LOG PATH?
Avoiding performance hit from GROUP BY during FULLTEXT search?
DB2 online restore - SQL1035N The database is currently in use.
PostgreSQL 8.4: How to tell if a procedural language is installed or not?
Query to find Maximum friends not giving correct resuts
System to track what Zip Codes my vendors service
Slow access to table in postgresql despite vacuum
The size of the tablespace doesn't change when I import a smaller dump or deleting old data
Locating row in index page
Constructing an SQL query with time intervals
How and what is the most efficient way to join two tables, retaining a particular field from both?
Global locking for multi-master Oracle GoldenGate replication
Named Pipe Provider Error code 40
How to solve index missing problem in one table, while other table of same property does not produce any error?
Is it possible to pipe the result of a mysqldump straight to rsync as the source argument?
Database 'msdb' cannot be opened. it has been marked suspect by recovery
Select longest continuous sequence
Should I create a separate user table for different web products within the same platform?
How do I create a CLR UDF with external name specifying namespace, class, and subclass?
Subquery in the VALUES clause
MySQL 5.6 on OS X 10.8.2 disconnects on user creation?
Is there a graceful or safe restart for mysql like for apache httpd?
Connecting to Oracle SQL Developer locally on Mac?
Faster joining on 'most recent' related rows
Stored Procedure Performance Issue
How to aggregate calculated measures involving dimension attributes?
How to organize a single query to several sql servers?
SQL Server - Separating data, log, and TempDB files on a SAN
Create a mysql slave database from master database
Why is SQL Server memory showing in task manager
How to refresh AD security group on Sql Server permissions
How to import table's data in MySql from Sql Server?
What are the advantages of a database design with single table for MtM relationships?
Oracle ASM Backup Strategy
Specifying the failover partner when using Availability Groups
Is storing archive logs on local disk and backups on vendor storage possible?
Log all than queries taking more than X seconds
Output count percentage in 2 decimal places
Reseed a newly created table
Problem with order by in MySQL subquery
MySQL optimization
How to use 2 auto increment columns in MySQL phpmyadmin
Postgresql: type_modifier in UDT
SUPER privilege not defined for master user in Amazon MySQL RDS
Unrecognised system process saturating CPU
How to tell what's failing at making backups?
Filtering data that could have more than one category
Whether it means the end time of the SYBASE LICENSE?
What is the significance of root and page level fragmentation in a clustered b-tree index?
how to import mysql system "mysql" database
Pervasive linked server provider missing
Sybase Database Migration from 11.5 to 15
What utilities can I use to simulate I/O load for a DB restore and DBCC check?
Connecting to an SQL Azure Database from SSMS - IP Restriction
Is there any difference between putting a column alias at the start or the end of the column definition?
Special ordering
slow queries - set weight to token type in tsquery - postgresql
How to tell if database tuning is fruitful (PostgreSQL)
SQL Server 2005 not collecting logins in the log file
Suggestion for storing a lot of simple data
Is there a sortable ('order by') alternative to CURRENT_TIMESTAMP
Display user-defined types and their details
Why would I NOT use the SQL Server option "optimize for ad hoc workloads"?
Maintenance in MYSQL when innodb_file_per_table disabled
Better query to select multiple columns into a single output column?
What is the difference between optimize table and analyze table in mysql
How to check for mutiple rows with same data?
What is the difference between using varchar(100) and varchar(255)?
How to select the first 10 records for each table in the same database using sql
difference between UPDLOCK and FOR UPDATE
Mysql. Block/disconnect slow queries
SELECT only values THAT are different
Select the top 5 records and the specific column from each table in the same database
some tips on setting up sql server database server
Create procedure in else block on SQL Server
Single column join vs multicolumn join
Avoiding "Waiting for table metadata lock" when `ALTER TABLE DROP PARTITION`?
How do I update last row of a group in MySQL
psql asks for password, CREATE USER didn't specify one
How to pass a table type with an array field to a function in postgresql
Would a NoSQL solution be relevant for a real-time mobile game?
structure when storing books in elasticsearch
Index Evaluation
Pull Access schema into a SQL Server table
What causes InnoDB to write 100% more pages while slowing down answering queries?
Group By days interval (aging type)
SQL Server 2012 slower than 2008
managing a growing database in the long run (10 years from now)
multi-master to single-slave replication at table level with PostgreSQL or MySQL
Database mirroring - link failure between principal and witness
How might a corrupt partition in TempDB result in DBCC CHECKDB reporting no issue?
Is a join optimized to a where clause at runtime?
Error on data node startup in MySQL-cluster
A database trigger is an alternative for?
How to get non repeat results
Create index if it does not exist
Is there a tuning parameter for MySQL that allows you to set an on-disk gap between non-sequential primary keys?
Is there a better option than Union All for multiple selects from the same row?
Best practices for history/temporal tables?
Dumping and restoring on db server - postgres
Why is InnoDB auto_increment column skipping over large blocks of unused values?
Domain group hierarchical group membership and SQL Logins mapped to AD groups
Is it okay to have different lower_case_table_names value on master and slave?
View dropped, now shows as table "in use", can't drop
Is there a term for a table that has an "effective date" column?
SSIS 2008 Package Configurations being ignored
Can connect to SQL Server through tsql but not from the bsqldb
mysql restart won't kill child processes on CentOS
How to Correctly Estimate the Average Number of I/O Operations my RAID 10 disk can offer?
How to get CPU usage of PostgreSQL server?
How can one improve the performance of a query that selects on a low cardinality column in MySQL?
PostgreSQL 7.4 data corruption
SQL Server 2005 Replication
Backup failure in SQL Server 2005
Different results rebuilding an index online and offline
MySQL Replication using SSL
GROUP BY and ORDER BY problem
Password reset for database for VCenter Install
String handling in postgres 8.4
Making a message system
Which text-index I should create for xooops engine to achieve better search results?
In Oracle, will certain users only be able to see certain data in the privileges tables?
mysql query - how to delete duplicates based on highest int?
Is there any reason to use index for very small tables (up to 1000 rows)?
MySQL specific database configuration file
Find all the queries executed recently on a database
Compressions vs shrinking a database
Load balancing after clustering is failed in SQL Server cluster
Open source tools to manage Data Quality
How much data is needed to show MySQL Cluster's performance scaling vs. InnoDB
"custom archiver out of memory" error when restoring large DB using pg_restore
Unable to change engine to MyISAM in MySQL
Declare variable of table type in PL/pgSQL
How to calculate running total based on dynamic values?
How to take a database dump for selective set of values in few tables?
INSTALL PLUGIN 'rpl_semi_sync_master' SONAME 'semisync_master.so' not working
Message system - delete message, or flag for deletion?
Should I always make an attribute id that's an primary key?
The Cluster service failed to bring clustered service or application 'SQL Server (MSSQLSERVER)' completely online or offline
When a record is locked in Oracle, can we know which record is locked?
returning set of records in stored procedure
Difference between return next and return record
Replication issue - CREATE SELECT alternative?
Database Design - different objects with shared tagging
SQL Server xml performance
Find a string in a SQL Server database
Hard Parse on Non-Identical Statements?
How to find which edition the SQL Server installation media belongs to
Is it possible to use two different drivers for sql server on the same machine. Say 2000 and 2008
Separated databases, separeted datas
which one is the fastest way of moving database form local to live server in sql server
Can I run a Report Server and a Mirror server from a working Log Shipping secondary instance?
Error in creating trigger
Need logic to collate data
check constraint that has dynamic list
Unable to start Oracle Database Server : Get an error as I try to start it
When to use identity increment?
Scheduling a backup in SQL Server 2005
Selecting with varbinary(max) criteria (in the where clause)
Implementation of stack in MySQL
How does optimistic locking actually enforce re-read/update?
Why is optimistic locking faster than pessimistic locking?
How to view the current settings of Autovacuum in Postgres?
How to improve INSERT speed in large table that has unique constraint
Possible INDEX on a VARCHAR field in MySql
MySQL design problem
Only one NULL for one part of primary key
Process sessions foreach minute
Problem with a surrogate key?
What queries is Oracle executing, how frequently, and time-taken?
How to grant permission for am administrator account in SQL Server 2012?
Adding an ID column to a join table (many-to-many) so that it can be targeted
mysqldump: flush-privileges option
Database describing databases and references to tables
How does MySQL determine the 'index first key' and 'index last key' with indexes?
Unable to restore dump file in mysql5.5
Installing PostgreSQL 9.2 and PostGIS 2.0 on Ubuntu 12
How to avoid deadlock while updating 2 rows in MySQL
What's the best way to backup DB files via network on Linux and Solaris machines?
Consolidating indexes
Install MariaDB without password prompt in Ubuntu
How to succesfully run a batch file in an SQL Agent job?
Performing a Transaction Log Backup on a Live Database
PreparedStatement caching size on Oracle and SQL Server
How to backup a running SQL Server CE database with full data?
how to avoid deadlock while updating 2 rows in mysql
Concurreny update error when using SSIS
Enable MySQL to use more than 1 core (multicore)
Advice for ETL from Oracle to SQL Server?
How open oracle DB Linux (After installation)
Efficiently retrieve big amount of data based on date range
What is ERROR_STATE() in SQL Server and how it can be used?
STARTUP command fails : Why is that?
Access 2003 (SQL Server 2000) migration to SQL Azure
PostgreSQL 9.1 streaming replication problem: replica fails to use an index properly
SSMS Oracle import using OpenQuery over LinkedServer (Oracle Provider for OLEDB) - XML Parsing: unable to switch encoding
Will a primary key be added as a clustered index?
A database in MySQL is a schema in Oracle : I do not understand this statement
MDW performance_counter_instances table running out of identity values
How to manage dynamic tables in Visual Studio 2010 Sql Server Database Projects
FETCH API_CURSOR causing open transaction in tempDB
Help with tricky update statement
Question about Oracle's interpretation of "host cpu utilization" in v$sysmetric view
moving to AWS RDS (InnoDB vs MyISAM
Can I query data_space names when not in context of the database for multiple databases?
SQL Server Database Mail - Why can't I run an execute against xp_sysmail_activate?
Are "create user" and "grant connect" functionally equivalent?
How to display Oracle Enterprise Manager 11g (OEM) alerts and reports in Nagios?
Why do I need to use a sub query to filter down a grouped select?
Change Data Capture and the __$update_mask binary
Tuning Postgres config for new Database Server
SQL Server 2008 R2 not starting after moving model database
How many queries per second is my Postgres executing?
ORA-00990 error while trying to grant priviliges: Why is that?
How to copy MySQL Database from Linux to Windows?
Restoring a differential backup in SQL server 2005
Restoring a differential backup in SQL server 2005
Error when dropping InnoDB database
How to restore mysql dump file?
mysqld_safe version different than mysqld?
Issue With SSRS Emailing Reports As PDFs
Migrating Oracle smallfile to bigfile tablespace
Partition Fact Table
SQL Server domain account login and user
Two dichotomy views of a table, and means to express this as a stored procudure?
MySQL Replication without stopping master
Fixing a query that returns failed job information
Oracle Case when problem
Need a way to query a table, and JOIN it with the TOP 1 related record from an other table
Join To a @Table Variable is running ineficiently
Multiple database servers for performance vs failover
Sleep Processes are Running Longer Than Allowed
SQL Uniqueness Across Multiple Tables
How to fix "The OLE DB provider "MSOLAP" has not been registered"?
Slow Queries Not Logging
How do I understand this deadlock?
How can I configure SQL Server 2012 to use multiple NICs?
Creative workaround for granting edit rights to individual jobs for a group?
Error 1044 Access denied to user
Optimizing an audit table for inserts and deletes
How do I get more details on a full text catalog error?
MySQL Table not repairing
MySQL Fulltext match with forward slashes
What does the bit data type map to in a Java Domain Object
Error while connecting SQL Server management studio 2008
Run job in agent based on table data
RSExecRole missing
How to properly kill MySQL?
Running a TPC-C Benchmark Without sleep() i.e. key-in + think time
Materialized View PostgreSQL
MS Access ER diagram
Handling a big table in mysql
Mongo replication lag slowly increasing
SQL Server alter table to change TEXT to NVARCHAR(MAX) greatly increasing database size
Mongo replication lag slowly increasing
ORA-16000 when trying to perform select on read only Oracle database
Select MaxDate where hh:mm:ss makes the difference
Killing idle pooled connections
MySQL: Create multiple tables with one query
Check if row exists
Can PostgreSQL's COPY create CSV with Locale-specific number formatting?
Backing up a 400-500 GB database on MySQL/Amazon RDS?
Can I configure MySQL's typecasting to consider 0 != 'foo'?
Write differences between varchar and nvarchar
Migration advice from SQL server 2000 bak
Can I programmatically generate reports that are emailed as Excel docs from SSRS?
Manually moving SQL instance to another node causes immediate database mirror failover
TSQL DateTime DataType - fractional seconds vs milliseconds
Type conversion in expression may affect "CardinalityEstimate" in query plan choice?
Sequential joining of tables in order
How to properly kill MySQL?
Using MySQL InnoDB as an Archive
SQL Server Database Hot Backups: Which Technique(s) to Use for Multi-Level Replication?
SQL Server 2005 upgrade to Service Pack 4 (SP4) via command line
Relational database for address model
Efficient way to move rows across the tables?
Why do MySQL MyISAM table indexes go out of date?
Automatically create linked row in a different table
Log Shipping - RESTORE WITH STANDBY - on SQL Server 2012 keeps breaking
mySQL Quickly find rows linked to another row
PostgreSQL user can not connect to server after changing password
Minimising downtime implementing merge replication on live system
MySQL information_schema doesn't update
How do I add a database in IBM DB2
How to find DELETE and UPDATE statements that have been executed on a database?
What is the maximum number of rows in a clustered index on datetime column?
upgrade mysql 5.1 to 5.5 on Ubuntu 11.10
Is it possible to enforce unique values in a column, excluding nulls?
Large time difference between two almost identical simple queries....why?
How to monitor space usage on ASM diskgroups
Key Lookup and Full-text index
Is it possible to make one column readonly?
Copy Permission From Windows Based user To Local user
I killed a session and it is still running?
Set encoding from within SQL*Plus
Linked server error not caught by TRY-CATCH
Backup strategies for zero data loss
Logging and saving user activity
What is the equivalent of a "Certificate of Destruction" when using a cloud-hosted database?
Integer comparison in MySQL. does it cause lots of overhead?
Does this query make sense?
Why do I get "The initial snapshot for publication is not yet available."?
Logging only mySQL logins on heavily used system
How can I calculate time spent at work in a single column?
Which database is designed for storing and incrementing values?
Is there a way that I can export a list of all table triggers on a server?
Apply in a CSV file to multiple databases
SQL Max() revision number
SQL Server 2005 upgrade service pack via command line
EMS SQL manager permission problem
Export remote Postgres table to CSV file on local machine
Possible reasons for slow BLOB updates in Oracle?
MySQL5.6 on Mac OS X 10.6.8 problems when granting permissions to root
Is this relation in third normal form (3NF)?
Unique Identifier with Extra Characters Still Matching in Select
Oracle Illegal use of long datatype when moving tablespace to bigfile
PostgreSQL no relations found
Table Size Analysis on SQL Server 2000
Covering Index Question
Load Testing Crash Course
Can I open a table twice using different recordsets and update the second without affecting the first?
Complex query with multiple normalized fields
Delete a variable number of records by a chronological order
TimesTen performance as compared to 10g
Moving site to amazon EC2 - better to have 1 large instance or 2 medium instances?
Creating indexes with t-sql scrips vs rebuild indexes in maintenance plan
Update field1.table1 based on compound join between table1 and table2 - Oracle
UPPER Case issue postgreSQL when importing from text file
How are DB locks tied to connections and sessions?
Update Table A row if Table B row is changed
Do I need tweak something for this MySQL setup?
Why isn't my includeThreadNamesAsStatementComment JDBC parameter working?
Search every column in every table in Sybase Database
Does large table variables fill up logs in tempdb?
Schema design: Use of association (aka: bridge/junction) table vs foreign key constraint with composite index containing a non-key field
Permissions for a MySQL user which will monitor replication status?
Email alerts and Server Side Tracing
What are some best monitoring tools available for mysql?
Fast paginated result, for various filter clauses
mysql_connect() system error :111
I would like to query a range of criteria on multiple columns in MySQL
table design to track significant events associated with an item
Storing multiple settings for multiple users in a SQL Server table
Simple scenario needs to go from Unnormalized Data to 3NF - Review Please
Finding stored procedures with missing indexes
'Incorrect datetime value: for column 'last_login' at row 1'
"Lost connection to MySQL server during query" error
Stress Test to Saturate Memory for MySQL InnoDB
Physically migrate MySQL without a dump
SQL availability groups log maintenance
SQL Azure: Drop Constraint and Index
"ORA-01017: invalid username/password" : Why is that?
Postgresql Run 'Jobs' At Specific Times
How to sync MySQL database between two servers
SQL Merge Replication: Cannot resolve conflict
Mysql Join with filters
Oracle 11g R2 - same query sometimes fast, sometimes slow
Best practice for database where the values can't change
Oracle 11g listener fails with ORA-12514 and ORA-12505 errors
Most efficient way to sort data fields into SQL
"ORA-01950: no privileges on tablespace 'SYSTEM' " : What error is it?
PostgreSQL Sequential Scan instead of Index Scan Why?
How can we achive the replica of databases for SQL Server?
How should I tune Postgresql for 20 GB of RAM?
Find transactions that are filling up the version store
What fillfactor for caching table?
Database design for an E-commerce website
How to safely take an SQL job out of the schedule?
Is there an execution difference between a JOIN condition and a WHERE condition?
MariaDB, Triggers and last_insert_id
SQL Server deadlock too long
Extensible Asset Database Schema
Use single table with foreign key or two twin tables for text entries?
How to read this output from MySQL?
Representing SQL constraints on a table
Stop SQL Server service(s) before defragmenting drive?
What is the best way to store X509 certificate in PostgreSQL database?
What index to add in case of join by two optional fields
Blocking incoming database links
Time as a measure
In SSIS 2012, what is the purpose of flagging a package as an "Entry Point" package
Granting permissions only on a set list of objects
How to make Greenplum 4.2.3 only scan the intended partition?
Postgres copy data with \xYY as plain string instead of interpreting as encoded string
IP Address lookup star schema design
Why is this user "Admin" created in all databases?
Convert the IP Address range to two BIGINT for faster lookup
How to Reorganize Microsoft Access Table
Script to get duration
how to add attachment(text file) to database mail?
SQL Server Profiler 2005 on remote SQL Server 2008 Express?
Is my.cnf for mysql 5.5 is suitable and well tuned for below hardware spec?
Public Database for Mobile Application
Breaking Semisynchronous Replication in MySQL 5.5
Track grant permission on tables
Query to determine a count by rolling interval
Primary key with "NOT FOR REPLICATION" option
DB2 Server Table Space Locked
How I prevent deadlock occurrence in my application?
SQL Server weird issue with indexes and query planner
Effects of enabling service broker
SQL update set column = @ parameter
how to create and insert into a table in an anonymous block
Does spgist extension in PostgreSQL 9.2.3 support float or int array?
How can I store a pdf in PostgreSQL
need to use PLSQL to insert distinct rows
Two corrupted indexes found by DBCC CheckTable
SQL Server 2008 can't repair consistency
Performing SELECT on EACH ROW in CTE or Nested QUERY?
Can the same database be log-shipping secondary and primary at the same time?
Sum Up values in a query based on other information
Is there a Postgres admin GUI that can execute a master file containing multiple sql files
MAXDOP setting algorithm for SQL Server
After streaming replication has failed, how to get it back again?
UNION is slow but both queries are fast in separate
Specify Server for DBMS_Scheduler Job in Policy Managed RAC
Leaf nodes for averages
Strategies for organising SQL Server with large amount of RAM
How do I remove duplicate records in a join table in PostgreSQL?
List DB2 backups
unique constraint violated (ORA-00001) in concurrent insert
Digital asset management
SQL Server 2008 query planner failing after index drop & recreate
how do I insert a default row?
Alternative tools to export Oracle database to SQL Server?
Implementing soft delete
How to return resultset from MySQL Stored Procedure using prepared statement?
Images, PDF, audio and video files in MySQL
Approach to Analyzing Database Requirements
Command line export and import CSV in SQL Server 2008 R2
How to model inheritance of two tables MySQL
How to improve performance on PostgreSQL when using multiple concurrent processes?
What alternatives exist when a table requires too many foreign keys?
How to find the schema name of a data pump dmp file?
oracle null value in quotes - yet another newbie question
Data Warehousing strategy
SQL Server cluster questions please
SQL Server 2005 Database move and rationalisation - Recommended maintenance processes
Where's my Network Alias list in Oracle?
Handling concurrent access to a key table without deadlocks in SQL Server
INSERT BULK in SQL Profiler without values
Why is truncate DDL?
How to Install/Configure Oracle Instant Client on Ubuntu
Create Oracle ASM Disks Without Installing Oracle
Oracle startup error (could not open parameter file)
Database Relational Design for Multiple Categories
List all permissions for a given role?
Can't add field that begins with an underscore in Crystal Reports
Why is SQL running the same query longer from another connection?
1286 - Unknown storage engine 'InnoDB'
Join Calender Table
Consistent Database Export of Oracle Database
How to properly configure pgBouncer transaction level pooling?
How to properly configure PostgreSQL RAM usage?
Postgres Automated Install
Completely uninstall Oracle server on Linux
Adding column from SSMS wizard in SQL Server
Conditionally INSERTING columns into Table
Can a view affect ALTER TABLE commands?
Bypass MyISAM table lock
Can memcached improve performance for InnoDB in mem with a large innodb_buffer_pool_size?
Indexed view not being used - SQL Server
SQL Server service shutdown due to 'bad?' SSL cert
How to re-simulate a long query stuck in mysql queue?
Dutch characters in DB2 problem
Cannot initialize the data source object of OLE DB provider "Microsoft.ACE.OLEDB.12.0" for linked server
View Disc Usage
MySQL scheduler is not running
Enforce data integrity with a recursive table
mysqlbinlog (mysql5.5) output errors out (char length)
MySQL: can not get rid of Using filesort in a simple query
Can't query one view from another?
Is Reorganizing Indexes required after ShrinkDatabase or can I just reogranize index with fragmentation more than 10%?
Does PgBouncer create a separate pool for every database config entry?
Right Join vs Left Join - My joins are broken and I don't understand why
Index use and column type
Migrate SQL Server database to multiple files (shrinkfile emptyfile vs log shipping)
QGIS PostGIS Authentication Failure with "trust" option
IF NOT NULL then UPDATE else keep the value of the field
Database Design question, calculate or save financial positions
How do I determine if a database is the principal in a mirroring setup?
SQL Server 2008 R2 high Buffer I/O causes
Rent weekly cost database design
PRIMARY KEY CONSTRAINT fundamentals
postgresql 8.3 possible checkpoint and memory misconfiguration
SQL server performance and tuning
Database design that handles data growth with time
How can I verify I'm using SSL to connect to mysql?
Adding a bool column; tracking untouched vs. false
Conflict handling, SQL Server 2008 R2 Peer to Peer
SQL Server 2008 R2 replication high delivery latency
Ms-Access 2007-2010 SQL - from single row record how to create multiple rows
Getting timeouts and backup errors after mirroring and log shipping is setup
Collect CPU, reads and writes when replaying SQL Profiler Trace
MySQL backup InnoDB
Best way to perform SQL Server replication over multiple servers?
After Rackspace server creation, PostgreSQL query planner doesn't work as expected
MySQL 5.6 Failure
Cannot initialize the data source object of OLE DB provider Microsoft.ACE.OLEDB.12.0 for linked server
Where are PostgreSQL databases stored on my computer?
What are the differences between leaf and non-leaf pages?
Database Tasks in C#
oracle huge hash_area_size
Under what circumstances can a division expression reduce the number of rows in a query's result?
How to best use connection pooling in SQLAlchemy for PgBouncer transaction-level pooling?
Changing passphrase for EncryptByPassPhrase
NoSQL approach: design table "scheme"
How to implement security model?
MySQL user created via command line can't access PHPMyAdmin
SQL Server Schemas ownership
how to chain postgres RULEs?
Multiligual database design
How to restore a filegroup from its backup in SQL Server
How to get only month from MySQL date/time?
SQL Server 2005 Transactional Replication
Can I use mysql to serve 100's of millions of small image files?
MySQL: Can't find .ibd files after turning on innodb_file_per_table
Remotely shutdown a MySQL server
Search within same ID across several rows
MongoDB: Aggregation workaround by helper collection
Permission denied in Postgres
Arbitrarily ordering records in a table
SQL Server 2005 encrypted database works on new PC without restore keys!
SQL Server 2005 encryption - What Grants should I give
Minimize locking on UPDATE with multiple WHERE columns
MySQL 5.6 OS X 10.8: how tell if my.cnf read?
Synchronize creation of rows between tables
SQL Server update query on linked server causing remote scan
LOAD DATA INFILE on a MyISAM table blocks user read-queries, can we get around this?
MySQL replication between VPS and shared host
Slave SQL thread got hanged
Selecting minimum value using a subquery
Does MySQL limit the number of users (not connections)
MySQL Slaves lag behind master
SSIS Recordset Destination error
where can I get mysql-5.1.7.tar.gz or mysql-5.1.9.tar.gz?
Defining constraints in `CREATE TABLE` statements
Issue with ROW_NUMBER and DISTINCT
Import data from Oracle to SQL Server
Structuring data in MongoDB for a to-do list type application
Database Design Regarding a Relationship for Patient Visit
Accessing a SQL Server Denali CTP1 database with Management Studio 2012 SP1 Express
Best relational database structure for this data
Date dimension changes between Test and Production Server
How to generate TPC-DS query for sql-server from templates
Postgres 8.4.5: Bad query plan vs Good query plan when changing date range on large data table
I have multiple sources INSERTing into a MySQL innodb table. My periodic aggregation script never makes accurate aggregates. Why?
How do you move a SQL Server 7 database to SQL Server 2012?
Find "n" consecutive free numbers from table
big db for managing user files and settings
how to set a row's value from a certain row's value?
UNIQUE index key violation
What does wait_resource LOG_MANAGER mean in SQL Server 2008?
SQL Server 2008 R2 database mirroring - is it possible to have a slave server for multiple master servers?
What is a good way to determine the performance I should expect from a PostgreSQL server?
What type of SQL Server Replication fits our scenario? Merge or Transactional?
Performance Counters for SQL Server Related to iSCSI Disk Access
Postgresql: Difference between pg_dump and backup/restore?
Is there any way to find out when particular view was compiled?
Retrieving all PK and FK
Segmentation fault (core dumped) with self-complied mysql-5.1.9-beta.tar.gz
How to determine if a postgres database needs to be vaccumed?
get account activity in postgresql
SQL Server in a state of confusion: Does the database exist or doesn't it?
Why would splitting up a query make it faster, and can I/should I fix this?
How can I move 5 GB data from one database to another faster?
READ_COMMITTED_SNAPSHOT support in SQL Server 2005 Express
How do I check if a constraint exists on Firebird?
Storing a transaction sensitive constant in Firebird
Difference between database vs user vs schema
Create database on new partition
In what data type should I store an email address in database?
Replicate some tables without transferring the entire log
MySQL monitor prompt does not return for slave
Checking of one specific element of one array is in another array?
Need to suppress rowcount headers when using \G
Execute sp_WhoIsActive as a query
VACUUM returning disk space to operating system
Very slow DELETE in PostgreSQL, workaround?
Update strings for all cmdexec Jobs
Investigating high SQL waits, especically LCK_M_U
Unable to decompose this relation to BCNF
INNODB real-time locks?
Load sybase .db into new sybase developer server
Create Temp Table From Stored Procedure Result
sysadmin cannot drop login when ddl audit trigger enabled
Custom sp_who/sp_whoUsers
Is it ever harmful to set a database owner in SQL Server?
SQL Server 2008 Restore
Can't start SQL services
What settings should I use in my.cnf
SQL Server 2008 R2 Restore COPY_ONLY full backup with transaction logs
Appropriate Action for Dead Locks / Blocking
Overview of how MongoDB uses its various threads
clusterdb stopped working for PostgreSQL database in Ubuntu 12.04 server
content types of insertion
Merge Replication identity field issues
When to periodically RESTART SQL SERVER 2008 R2?
Looking for performance improvements for this query
SQL Server 2008 SP2 randomly slow down query
Deadlocks on same wait resource
Create log file only for my executed queries
Fastest way to delete matching rows in MySQL?
How to Model / Quickly test for set membership in SQL?
Inserting a new lookup value for the SSIS Lookup Transformation
MySQL Notifier Error
Postgres TupleTable like data structure
Database and query optimizacion
Oracle: How to gather stats in a logical standby database?
How do I write backup procedure
Item Index for all items in nested XML query
Replication on MySQL server
Is there an easy way to replicate MySQL data?
Avoiding repetition without creating a view
How can I rename an auto-named constraint when I get this error 15248?
SQL Server Performance Counters Relating to Disk Access and Log Files That Appear Concerning
When is it appropriate to use SQL Server Developer Edition?
How can I determine the size of a dump file prior to dumping?
Modeling staff dimension in data warehouse
Optimal drive configuration for SQL Server 2008R2
PostgresSQL: Get single attribute of UDT in SELECT statement
SQL Server 2008R2 DBCC CheckDB never finishing
When is data moved during an Oracle partition split?
Communication link failure for some queries to linked server
sql server-percentage calculation
Why does that query cause lock wait timeouts?
Retrieving cached plans fails due to cached objects of database Mirror
Resume Logshipping after Primary database restored
Tinyint structure is confusing
Backup stored procedure for full, differential and log backup
Pessimistic locking worst case
When Creating a Foreign Key Relationship
ALTER DATABASE command to set log filegrowth and size?
Performance about this simplified where-condition query
Does 'update global indexes' not work if the index is already unusable?
Log statements from within triggers in Postgresql
Single entry point for mysql cluster
Find the average number of n:m connections of two tables?
pessimistic locking and client death
Will table inheritance in PostgreSql suit this situation?
Recursive query using plpgsql
SQLite writing a query where you select only rows nearest to the hour
DB2 UPDATE TRIGGER
Two insert statements inside trigger - Duplicate entry '521-2' for key 'PRIMARY'
Giving permission for each table within a database
Large queries on MyISAM tables crashing MySQL
Using Mirroring for incremental backups?
can I replace nulls in a PIVOT with zeroes?
Ternary Relations three attributes and an association
Sql server snapshot isolation overhead when read_committed_snapshot is enabled
What is the real-world purpose of an optional 1:1 relationship?
MySQL Permissions
RESOURCE_SEMAPHORE_QUERY_COMPILER waits in Microsoft SQL Server 2008 Enterprise
Best solution to fixing database design with GUID as primary key
Does MySQL Replication hamper the performance of my DB?
Upgrade SQL Server 2012 Express to Evaluation Edition
Does avg_query for PgBouncer include update and inserts?
media family on device is incorrectly formed. SQL Server cannot process this media family
Couldn't open extension control file plpython3u.control : No such file or directory
Refactoring/normalization - but almost empty table
Is using the alpha version of Percona 5.6 safe?
Sending a mail using DB2's Proceude UTL_MAIL
Unable to start Oracle (11g1) due to bad memory configuration (ORA-00837)
Primary Key efficiency
Even when user has 'bulkadmin' role, query says user does not have role - SQL Server 2012
SQL Server split mdf into multiple files
postgres backup / restore: restored database much smaller?
Database is read-only
Does the SQL Server Backup Database Command also backup views from a Database?
New Database vs New Table for User Registrations
Error creating scalar function "Invalid Object Name dbo.fnMyFunctionName'"
Unique indexed column in where clause and mysql execution after finding first row
Troubleshoot abnormal connections
Cannot `create function` in plpython3u, permission denied
join the two tables which possess one to many relationship
SQL Server to MySQL migration - how can I remove UCS-2 surrogate pairs in SQL Server?
Compare two MySQL dump files
IntelliSense alternative using SSMS 2012 in a contained database as a contained user?
effective mysql table/index design for 35 million rows+ table, with 200+ corresponding columns (double), any combination of which may be queried
PostgreSQL EXCLUDE USING error: Data type integer has no default operator class
Postgresql query speed
SQL Server Sandbox
Materialized view log not updating
Why can't we write ddl statement directly into the PL/SQL block
Can the OUTPUT clause create a table?
Modeling a ticket system based on a set of disparate kinds of tickets?
Backup Access Database Daily/Weekly
SELECT every second row without auto_increment
Limit connection rights on SQL Server
Generate script to automate renaming of default constraints
PostgreSQL CREATE EXTENSION file not found error on Mac OS
Unable to run union in parallel on SQL Server
Correct use of VOLATILE COST (and ROWS) indications in Postgresql stored procedure
Linux 32b MySQL periodically crashing with signal 11 and OOM errors
Special syntax sth.name() in the CREATE FUNCTION statement, what does it mean?
MySQL - What exactly does smallint(2) permit?
Please Review my Schema
Reserving dates with quantities, table schema wrong?
sp_testlinkedserver taking long time to time-out
loading a csv file which is on local system in to Mysql DB which is on remote server
Unique index on 2 columns in mysql
MySQL export user with semi-colon ";" on the end
How to migrate data from SQL database to MySQL including flat files?
Custom unique column constraint, only enforced if one column has a specific value
mysql table not updating, no errors
Normalization/normal forms - May a field describe an other field?
Monitoring real-time statistics on PostgreSQL
How to access the number of rows accumulated by RETURNs in PL/pgSQL
How do I fix the definer problem The user specified as a definer ('fred'@'192.168.0.%') does not exist
Two different ON DELETE paths, how do I need to change the schema?
How to represent class table inheritance (current DBMS-specific way please)?
SQL Server sync databases between enterprise - web edition
MySQL - run SELECT statement on another server without defining the table structure
How to continuously keep two databases in sync
SQL server 2012 installation
MySQL Slave Lagging Almost Daily -Ver 5.5.17 ( Master & Slave )
Closure of attributes definition clarification
Cascading Inserts in MySql
How to connect Powershell to the SQL Server named instance?
SSRS Timeline Chart for each day / minute
SQL Server database design for "archived but available" data
Index before or after bulk load using load infile?
MySQL 5.1.67 - Replication failure Mysql, Master Log Truncated or corrupted
MySQL data too long error
Expanding parent-child tree with additional tables
SQL Server in a state of confusion: does the database exist or doesn't it?
Can SQL Server 2000 and SQL Server 2012 CoExist?
Best way to query huge data
SQL Server 2008 search joining query
Achieve PostgreSQL hstore functionality in MySQL
Optimization of a select statement
Back up my ASPNETDB
Mysql - Problem speed of access on query (Low latency query sometime)
In Change Data Capture (CDC), why lsn is used instead of timestamp?
MySQL Partitions
why would command text not execute at all?
How to write this self join based on three columns
Replicating databases for local and cloud instances
Error on creating database in SSMS
Foreign Key constraint on fixed value field - Ever appropriate?
Foreign Key - One Child Table to Multiple Parent Tables
How can I count the total number of document indexed by my oracle.text index?
SQL Server 2012, triggers missing after restore database
Can't select database for transaction log backup in maintenance plan
Landed as BI, but databases are a big WTF, what to do?
Why Am I Getting Deadlock - Please Read Trace
Concatenation of setof type or setof record
Postgres continuous backups - should WAL numbers be sequential after pg_start_backup call?
MySQL my.cnf won't take any effect
Oracle 11g: performance improvements of inserts
Speed efficient query for membership first joined, latest category from membership table (min, max)
Login failed for user Error: 18456, Severity: 14, State: 11
SQL Server Express on Windows 8 isn't locking MDF database files
Error: set_valued function called in context that cannot accept a set. What is it about?
SSIS Package Data Flow Task RollBack on Error
Merge multiple "is exists" queries into one statement
how to use mysql to delete only the first ten table records?
PLSQL: BEFORE INSERT Trigger
Moving SQL Server to different domain
ISNULL on NTEXT causes fatal exception on SQL Server
Reindexing and its effects on SQL cache
Would I lose data if I change a column from varbinary(8000) to varbinary(max)?
Should I snowflake or duplicate it across my facts?
Secure Linked Server - Non privledged user possible? Registry corruption?
Stored Procedures under Source Control, best practice
Run Multiple Remote Jobs
How can I tell if a SQL Server backup is compressed?
Postgres RIGHT JOIN with custom array
Invalid rowid error
Optimize query execution based on two datetime columns
SQL Server TDE Stuck at Encryption_State 2 and 0% on a Tiny DB
Differences Between Two Different Create Index Commands
Identifying which values do NOT match a table row
FOR XML is generating a empty first line
How can I improve my table design for different types of an entity?
MongoDB: move documents before capping
SQL Server Restore from one database to another
Update oracle sql database from CSV
Are there implicit indexes in InnoDB like MyISAM?
Best practice around sys.dm_db_missing_index_group_stats in SQL Server
How to resolve ORA-01031: insufficient privileges error on Windows installation?
Is it possible to have extra tables in a Slave with MySQL Replication
How to make postgresql SUM to be more accurate on large amount of floating point data?
optimize big sql query
REST webservice as a Foreign Data Wrapper in postgresql
Postgres caching and bytea
Passing argument in trigger dynamically
How long does it take to do RESTORE WITH NORECOVERY
Do I need client certs for mysql ssl replication?
Oracle BLOB store performance
Expand sparse table with self outer join on distinct values
MySQL subqueries that use range based on values of main queries don't use indices properly
ISO Week vs SQL Server Week
Mysql performance for a nullable unique id column in a large table that references a record in another table
Programmatically find indexes that cannot be rebuilt online
Oracle Forms 10g to 11g migration Error
How this simple Stored Procedure ended up in Deadlock
SQL Server 2008 R2 SP1 - Tempdb Available free space showing negative value
SYSDBA password in Oracle DB
Record with variable number of columns?
SQL Server 2008 R2 SP1 - Tempdb "Available free space" showing negative value
Should I use a compound or surrogate PK in a many-to-many table?
How does PostgreSQL physically order new records on disk (after a cluster on primary key)?
SSIS File System Task Copy File Could not find part of the path error
Using MongoDB and PostgreSQL together
What is the algorithmic complexity of a PosgtreSQL greater than or lesser than index query (compared to equality)?
Newly discovered SQL Server Express has all databases inaccessible/offline
SQL Server 2012, rebuild not lowering avg fragmentation
MySQL inserts/deletes slowing down after a while after Start/Reboot
Oracle: Non key-preserved table should be
No network ACL, yet my user can successfully connect to external server
Creating a copy of production database for reporting purposes
Providing access to the SQL server database for outside developers
Drupal 7 Uses InnoDB, so do I need other configs?
How does ORDER BY really work?
Two databases of same size, backups sizes are very different
Install by command line
Advise On SQL Server Data Replication
H2 SELECT NULLABLE or other equivalent to check a column has NOT NULL constraint or not
Postgres: Use result of group by as column names
Restore Replicated Database on Different Server
sp_getapplock doubt
How to create via sql and detect via ERRORLOG SQL Server 2008 Deadlocks
Can pg_hba.conf trust processes?
How can I skip reboot check and remove command line appearing during install of SQL Server?
Database Schema/Structure advice
How can I migrate a sybase database to mysql?
Long time, sporadic 'String or Binary data would be truncated.' Wisdom would be appreciated
For a InnoDB only DB, which of these elements can be removed?
How to make a copy from a Emergency Database?
Which database could handle storage of billions/trillions of records?
h2 Java server synchronization and caching
Missing data after attaching .mdf file
MySQL - ERROR 1045 (28000): Access denied for user
Relating ExecutionInstanceGUID to the SSISDB
MySQL: parallel restores at same time from backup files?
Extracting Multiple Values from Single Field
Inheritance and its alternatives in PostgreSQL
On duplicate key do nothing
Mysqldump from the Amazon RDS
mysql second slave not syncing while first slave works fine
How to use array variable in query in PostgreSQL
Oracle 11g R2 on CentOS 6.3, and Net Configuration Assistant
Automatic database file creation based on database file size in SQL Server 2008 R2
Getting error while importing large data through csv
SQL Server Change Tracking
Best way to set up database tables
How to create column
SSIS Visual Studio 2008 reference variable scope in expression builder
How to migrate SQL Server to MySQL
Role of Database Administrators
How to create view in SQLite using INSERT INTO?
MySQL not allowing text columns?
How to undo DROP TABLE statement?
Recreate Indexes on 1 billion record table
get rank in marks database in mysql
Scheduled event did not start when expected
ORA-01435: user does not exist
MySql Cluster for educational use
mysql trigger on update with insert statement
Insert from one row to another using cases
Database design - do I need another table?
Getting next and previous document
Oracle trigger to update columns daily
Shrinking the SYSTEM tablespace in Oracle
Retrieving Alternating Values
How do I design a database for a resource scheduling and allocation application?
Understanding MySQL Integer Types?
Cannot create perlplu function
mysqlworkbench after cmd mysql startup went wrong
Mysql - How to Optimize Retrieval Time in a Table
Executing sys.dm_fts_parser without sysadmin server role
Copying my Oracle 10g Express database to another PC
MySQL UPDATE statement using a table created on the fly
which postgres do i have installed? what directory needs to be in my path to run initdb?
mysql optimize table crash
Limiting number of results in a Partition using OVER(PARTITION BY)
Why is a hash match operator in this very basic query
Very fast replication
BIT columns all "1" after a phpMyAdmin export/import
Can you create an unrecoverable SQL Agent back log?
Read-only on an SQLite database which is being modified by another program
Most efficient to prevent duplicates
List partitioning or filtering a non-partitioned table, which incurs lower cost?
Bi-directional replication for the same MySQL table
How do I demonstrate Transaction Log activity?
sql server partitioned view execution plan questions
Real Time data collection - Help select Database
MySQL slave stuck in "Reading event from the relay log"?
Can I use replication/mirroring to have a "Current" database and a "Full History" copy?
Using Oracle hierarchical queries for transposing field value into rows
BCNF when no keys are available
How to suppress an informational raiserror message
SQL Server 2012 catalog.executions to sysjobhistory - any way to join them?
Setting DATEFIRST to 6
Ubuntu / MySQL / Percona XtraBackup gives error "sh: 1: xtrabackup_55: not found"
SSIS SQL Result to tab delimited txt file
Bitmask Flags with Lookup Tables Clarification
How can I determine what is using a particular resource (table, view, or function, etc) on my SQL Server?
SSIS Expressions Date Format get just YY for year
Foreign Keys with Composite Key
Find out number of active locks on a table
IO Frozen in error SQL error log
which process has created a load spike on my server last week?
Maitenance Plan - job failed
Estimated Execution Plan SQL Server Sort?
Innodb Slow queries since convert from MyISAM
Oracle insert through dblink performance issue
DBA group in Linux
How to create Mysql Replication on mysql 5.5 master-slave
extproc env variables oracle 11g
Foreign keys - link using surrogate or natural key?
Automated SQL backup on a timely fashion, & cleaup the database for the backed up data
Will deleting data in master automatically delete data in slave?
Process attempted to unlock a resource it does not own
Backups script completes, but doesn't back up all dbs
SQL Server uses only 1 CPU of 4 available
How to reinsert corrected rows from the conflict table?
Concatenation Physical Operation: Does it guarantee order of execution?
Inner join using an array column
Database theories possible topics to research through
ODBC connection for Active Directory user who doesn't log in to Windows
What must be in place to validate a XMLTYPE against a schema?
Login Failed for Domain\ServerName$ when trying to create a new SQL Server Reporting Services Application in SharePoint 2013
Oracle equiv of T-SQL UNION ALL query
Handling expiration in a course registration or ticketing system
Unexpected Table Scan with Parameterized LIKE
SQL Server data migrations go through client machine or not?
Set field values to newly imported rows in PostgreSQL table with existing data
Restoring multiple differential backups SQL Server 2008
What happens to a Trigger if a table is dropped and rename and recreated with same name
Bandwidth comparison between log shipping and transactional replication
Zip based search in mysql.
ODBC--connection to 'SQL Server' failed
Data usage increases initially when reorganize partition mysql cluster
Modify legacy table schemas that have no primary key
Why should an application not use the sa account
ibdata1 grows exponentially when innodb_file_per_table is configured
SQL Server 2008: How to send an email when a step in a SQL Server agent job fails, but overall job succeeds
Select query having count and variable
Oracle 11g exception on Fedora 14
SSIS Design consideration with object variables
how to know how many instances of an application are running on server
How to add additional hard drive(s) to existing database
Postgresql querying trends
Comparing two tables for a UUID change and fix it
How to trace SQL queries which are crashing SQL Server
PL/SQL for Updating 1 Column in Table A Where PK = a row in table B
Research studies on electronic vs paper record keeping accuracy
How to have MySQL Slave Replicate From a Master's Master
Determine if existing Trigger acts on field DB2
Reset every Oracle sequence to the MAX value of its target table PK?
SSIS Data Flow Task Excel to SQL table NULL value will not work for small INT datatype
SQL Server database backup on Remote site
SSIS Raw Data Import Into SQL Server 2008 R2 - Truncation and Condensed Data Type
Is there a query to set a table's engine to innodb if it's not already?
Deployment Manager Vs DBA Cage Match On Pushing Releases To Prod
Is SQL Server data compression categorically good for read-only databases?
What are the different ways to keep track of active and archived data?
Slow SSRS Report in production
SQL Server 2008 DB Performance on single disk
What query can give me this result?
Need help in converting this cursor to a set based operation
Autoincrement by 2
How SQL Server detects a record internally?
Mysql DB server hits 400% CPU
SQL Server 2005 error while starting service
Stress test MySQL with queries captured with general log in MySQL
Limit Access To mysql information_schema
Find all the SP's where a particular column is not updated
The DELETE statement conflicted with the REFERENCE constraint
Idle connection plus schema-modifying query causing locked database
Circular replication with servers in different locations
Securely generate a UNIQUEIDENTIFIER in SQL Server
Multiple instances in Oracle
How I can copy from local file to remote DB in PostgreSQL?
Stored Procedure Create Table from Variable with Variable Constraint
SQL Server 2008 Group by 30 minute Time Intervals
SSIS keeps force changing excel source string to float
How does this syntax work? {fn CurDate()} or {fn Now()} etc
Exploring and optimizing SQL performance of your system (PostgreSQL and Hibernate)?
How to check which tables in DB (MYSQL) updated in last 1 hour / last 1 minute?
Backup database directly to FTP server
Add partition works but not the drop partition
Gaps and islands: client solution vs T-SQL query
Convert SQL Server UPDATE Statement for Use in Oracle
RID vs INCLUDE on a large field
Write performance of Postgresql 9.1 with read-only slave
update column based on the sort order of another query
Can I deactivate log shipping jobs without raising errors?
Preferred Methods of Indexing MS SQL Server Audit Data to Splunk
Sybase SQL - Truncation error occurred. Command has been aborted and find CACHE QUALITY
Changed server name, now maintenance plan fails
merge replication too big
Postgres 9.1 wait events
Insert performance progressively deteriorating for indexless table
Shortest method to upload database to server
Do roles have an owner in oracle?
Multiple Aliases in an SQL Query
Registry error while trying to install Oracle 11g on Win 2008 R2
double date conversion when adding partition
"Site Offline" MySQL server failing to start and stop
How to JOIN two table to get missing rows in the second table
Should all queries where you expect a specific order, include an ORDER BY clause?
Turning on TF610 in SSIS
Oracle Alternative to EXISTS EXCEPT
How to recover data from corrupted SQL Server database?
Database Install Issue
Adding slave to existing master-master config throws foreign key constraint failed error
How do I find an invalid utf8 character "somewhere" in my MySQL/trac database
Why is there such a huge performance difference in these two join statements?
good practices of creating tables in mysql
MySQL Cluster SQL Node not synchronizing
How to deny access to see the logins in a database
Moving MSDB database
Login failed for user sa ssis 2008
sql server full text search - fuzzy searching?
Return hierarchical data from a self-referencing table (parents, children)
How to grant only functions while revoking tables?
I need help in Nested Cursors in SQL server
How to enforce full integer (no floating point)?
How to move folder of SQL Server LocalDB instances from the default location?
Reinsert data in new table with new IDs
Object-oriented programming CRUD design pattern
While restoring copy of SQL Server 2008 backup file in SQL Server 2008 R2 degraded performance
MySQL format numbers with comma
How to handle TimeZone properly in SQL Server?
Adding users to a list and sort by category?
How to import data from a pair of .mdf/.ldf files into a MySQL database
Unique index for subquery with RANK() function
Archive partition before delete it?
DBCC CHECKDB Notification
mySQL- large database
SQL Server taking a lot of memory
Trying to create a Data Model
How to turn off all RAISE NOTICE on production server?
importing MySQL dump to SQL Server 2012
Get most recent 100 records from the database
pt-table-sync error: Called not_in_left in state 0
Oracle Undo tablespace users
MySQL performance impact of increasing innodb_buffer_pool_size
find and insert row to another table using mysql trigger
ORACLE restore - how to restore specific .bkp file?
What must I already know to get profound knowledge in Oracle
Transactions, references and how to enforce double entry bookkeeping? (PG)
After adding a slave to Master - Master configuration, slave syncs from only one master
select count(*) in mysql 5.5 innodb-- rewrite advice?
Delete the N oldest entries grouped by multiple columns
Moving model database
Why does this procedure raise a privilege error?
Why is CDC capture failing due to a missing dbo principal
SQL Server BULK INSERT
MySQL PDO Cannot assign requested address
Incremental backup in postgresql
Should I disable triggers, timestamps in a slave in mysql?
If MySQL isn't caching, then what is?
Execution of a Java program by a trigger.
increasing mysql table open cache?
How can I alter the fill factor of an index outside of an ALTER INDEX command?
Update one table from another table while sorting that table based on one column
Restoring a database back to a point in time before full backup was made
Delete entry from related tables
I want to create a mirror in SQL Server 2008, but the database is in the status "restoring ..."
POSTGRES DB Server Blunder
MySQL Stress testing issues?
Immediate refresh materialized views (MQT) with OUTER JOIN under DB2
When and why can this kind of deadlock occur?
How to copy data from table to another and automatically change the values to match the other's data type msql
Mysql query is very slow
How is SQL Server host identity ensured?
Calling a function in remote database inside a stored procedure
Changing TEXT to VARCHAR
SQL Server 2000 trace file extension
Linked Server to SQL Server 2000 server from SQL Server 2012
disallow SET command in a postgresql server
Oracle schema import is not importing all the tables present in the schema dump file
Mysql: order by field or select union?
PGPool Frequent Queries
Optimizing queries on a range of timestamps (two columns)
mySql Relationships / Index - Checking for duplicates
Can I delegate SQL Agent rights without granting sysadmin rights?
SQL Server how to detect unused views and/or get usage stats
Update Sql Server from Mysql
Microsoft SQL Server how can i detach localdb to run on any computer
Should I separate frequently updated columns?
What is the best way to insert a XML input to an oracle table in stored procedure?
Main Considerations When Moving From MS Access Programming to SQL Server
Error in alter table reorganize partition for MySQL Cluster
Connect to SQL Server using windows authentication from another PC without Active Directory
Database user permissions: GRANT VIEW DEFINITION but DENY on some object types
Why is this query creating 300+ temporary tables in Mysql?
Getting error when trying to use OPENQUERY Msg 7321, Level 16, State 2, Line 1
SQL Server 2008 Cluster Across Two VMWARE Hosts
sql server 2005 deadlock error 3930
How to Drop Tables using a variable in SQL Server?
Shared locks taken under Read Committed Snapshot Isolation (RCSI)
Add user to sql server with the required permission
What would cause extra records to be inserted during a INSERT trigger
How do I open local files using heidiSQL?
Database Timeout Error from VB Application
Redo Logs Mysql Cluster
how to show only changed rows
Error AWR Operation failed: CATPROC not valid when creating database with dbca
MySQL-5.1 is not updating some rows with a simple UPDATE query
Is a REINDEX required after CLUSTER?
Column partially determining accepted values of another column, should be somehow normalized?
PostgreSQL newbie - how to create objects in a database
Is there a workaround for lack of support of cascade triggers with MySQL?
Objects in Tempdb that are not associated with a session
Enabling/disabling/changing Oracle auditing without a shutdown?
With SQL Server 2008, how can I roll back a transaction done some time before?
Database locked
Why is a "non-single-group group function" allowed in a subselect but not on it's own?
SQL Application Role access-control
SQL Server Internal Memory Pressure
Are the cost percentages in this SQL Server plan over 100% for a valid reason?
Is it possible to re-initialize sequence
Why does using a variable make a difference in performance?
How can I remove a bad execution plan from Azure SQL Database?
How to speed up queries on a large 220 million rows table (9 gig data)?
Multiple SQL Server data files on same SAN disk
Could too many idle connections affect PostgreSQL 9.2 performance?
SQL server slow on Xeon machine, fast on Corei7 x990
How to handle update or insert situations
Transfer data from DynamoDB to SQL server 2008?
SQL 2008: Why is *any* user, with minimal permissions able to restart/stop the SQL instance through Management Studio
SQL Index order and performance based on cardinality and data
Oracle's UTL_FILE
MySQL upgrade 5.0.88 to the latest version
How to determine if there are [idle connections with] uncommitted transactions in PostgreSQL?
Get the list of all Tables, Views, Stored procedures that are not added in a publication for replication
Subscriber database to be in sync using Distributor
grant execute on utl_file to user in Oracle 11g XE
"Variant" values structure and their use for multiple columns
Understanding Deadlock graph on one table
Query requires 'Update statistics' very often in SQL Server
Error PLS-00436: implementation restriction: cannot reference fields of BULK In-BIND table of records
Is it possible to use Oracle XMLTABLE and %type column type selector?
Postgres sql dump import error
System Preferences quits unexpectedly due to MySQL plug-in
DB2 PureScale on Linux
Lock escalation problem on a trigger
how to resolve ELFCLASS32 error in mysql for UDF lib_mysqludf_sys.so
dead lock when updating
file extension of the file types cdump, incident, trace
PLSQL : DBMS Jobs - parallelization?
Individual queries run on 10ms, with UNION ALL they are taking 290ms+ (7.7M records MySQL DB). How to optimise?
Column or new table
Would using timestamps solve consistency issues with snapshot isolation?
SQL Server bulk insert performance
MySQL my.cnf Optimization
Oracle: Full database (user) restore requires drop?
Tuning advisor with Extended events?
When REBUILDing indexes on SQL Server, what bearing does tempdb & LOG disk speed have?
MySQL tuning (my.cnf) for very large tables and ad hoc queries
Suspended in index rebuild
One call to `decryptbypassphrase` for decrypting all columns
Show all results for past N "insert batches"
best database for a real estate system
Database atomic operations implementation
create database table with a owner in my SQL
ERROR 1034 (HY000) : Wrong aligned block, while importing in mysql
How database administrators can see my requests to SQL Server?
Oracle database uses wrong parameter file
how cursor implementations are different for each cursor type in sql server
Use CASE to select columns in UPDATE query?
mysql column naming conventions for foreign keys
Streaming Replication Failover - how to point second slave at new master?
What could cause the wrong ID to be inserted?
Increasing the decimal precision abruptly increased the size of table
How to implement posts with seen by like facebook?
What is the best permissions to set for only creating and managing own databases?
Functional Dependencies and Normal Forms
Why are constraints applied in the database rather than the code?
Recursive query in mysql
Which system databases should I checkdb and defrag indices?
extra steps after changing storage engine and adding index
Recommended Approach to Programmatically Backing Up/Restoring Oracle DB
Best way to perform backups with filegroups and then restore those backups
Windows native backups makes SQL Server think that databases backup has been done
How do I optimize large table so queries that target only recent data perform optimaly?
MySQL: OPTIMIZE after TRUNCATE?
High amount of Read Misses and Pages To Be Flushed
Service Broker - Communication not happening between servers despite ssbdiagnose saying all is well
How does mysql transaction works?
mysql error creating table
admin user can not login to other databases after upgrading to mongodb 2.4
Can I make sure two columns dont have the same value
Space at the end of string
Use cases for NoSQL databases: Time series
Correct way to perform an UPDATE on multiple tables?
which sql server edition is good for practice
Mysql suddenly stopped after is said to be crashed
Object name 'Clean Up History' in use when trying to complete the maintenance plan wizard in SQL Server 2008 R2
Game database- many to many relationship
Db design for historical option data (~200GB)
Which privileges for MySQL extended status?
do MYSQL views occupy physical space?
Replication Monitor reports little to no latency, but my tracer token is taking hours to go from Distributor to Subscriber
Oracle error handling strategy
Can a production Oracle DB server also have a dataguard active standby for a different production database?
Database design: Dividing multiple identical tables, good or bad?
Do I need to reenter old data after adding an index to a table?
How can I improve this nested MySQL query to avoid redundant WHERE statement?
database design- diagrams
To find a version for your pc check with the software publisher install mongodb
speeding up a query on MySql
In Postgres, How can I merge two tables?
MySQL: replicating to a different table engine type
What are the disadvantages if indexes are added on all columns?
SQL server disk write queue dramatically grows sometimes
SQL Server AFTER INSERT trigger
Why does pgAdmin3 set OIDS=FALSE and owner to postgres by default?
Which MySQL directories to back up using FTP
SSIS Merge Join Trouble: 3 tables into 1
In MySQL, does the order of the columns in a WHERE clause affect query performance,why?
Approach for a 2,000 table migration
How to search for a name in two columns in MySQL?
Syncronize mysql databases between local and hosted servers automatically
SHOW TABLE STATUS very slow on InnoDB
getting error when i use merge statement
How to change the data directory on Postgresql 9.1 on Ubuntu
MySQL users corrupt
Trying to allocate 3G for buffer pool in InnoDB fails
Linked server performace issue?
VARCHAR, InnoDB MySQL, is inline allocated space variable or fixed?
How to fine-tune Postgres for IO usage?
Updating column in underlying table causes massive transaction log growth
Oracle Database: View schema without access to data
Temporarly disable cache in oracle 11g
Granting privileges to dbms_crypto
Memcache implementation
Getting the data from a foreign key table
Error log - What does this mean and what can I do about it?
Hiding variable input in psql
How to Return XML Node Ordinal, or delete node based on element value?
Multiple like conditions for same column?
How do I list all schemas in PostgreSQL?
Is there a way to truncate table that has foreign a key?
MySQL database drop insanely slow
Order by on an alphanumerical column
import csv data stored in a blob column
Generate script for SQL Broker objects
Reclaiming space from a large partitioned database
mySQL data table seems to stuck at 16777215 rows
Can putting mysql DB into memory or having the innodb_buffer_pool_size match the size of DB increase performance?
Avoiding Multiple Queries when Searching for Records Associated with a Set of Records
SQL Server stored procedure working when run manually, not running from SQL Server Agent
impdp failing with ORA-01031: insufficient privileges
Does WITH SCHEMABINDING on a multi-statement TVF improve cardinality estimates?
PostgreSQL cannot start after replacing contents inside its Data folder
Database schema design help needed
Load balancing MySQL ndbcluster
How can I convert an Oracle dump file into SQL Server?
How does order of index affect performance in SQL Server?
How to allow a user to create databases only with a certain prefix?
PostgreSQL concurrent increment of counter
Amazon RDS MySQL performance issues
Reducing high VLF count
Drop database from remote that has connected users
PostgreSQL stored procedure which can return one of two custom rowtypes
Referencing multiple tables from a single table and store additional data
Pass a table array as a parameter to an upsert function in postgresql
SQL Server 2012, Network for: AlwaysOn Availability Group with AlwaysOn AlwaysOn Failover Cluster Instances
MySQL and window functions
Find application password expiration date
In Postgresql, is it possible to change the maximum number of columns a table can have?
BUILTIN\Administrators allowing access via linked server but not locally
Backing up MySQL database
Is high Extent Fragmentation a problem?
postgres deadlock without explicit locking
MySQL failover - Master to Master Replication
Moving DBs (including System DBs) to new LUNs on a single node cluster
Query runs slow in test site on first execution. Why?
MySQL - Connection blocked because of many connection errors - How to find root cause?
MySQL: Join one Row in a table with two Rows in other table
Prevent users from using power pivot excel connections to a database
Using postgres with the command line without pgAdmin
viewing the population? (sql server full text search)
How do I execute an Oracle SQL script without sqlplus hanging on me?
MySQL: CAST + SUBSTR vs. FLOOR + MOD
Databases list not showing up?
db2 tables altered, reorg
If an account has REQUIRE SUBJECT, does it still need a password?
How to insert binary data into a PostgreSQL BYTEA column using libpqxx?
Linked Server Risks
Validate Primary Key and Index Selection
Optimizing ORDER BY for simple MySQL query
How to take SQL Server database under this scenario?
How to check if Oracle DB process is running in Unix and where Oracle DB is installed
What is the T-SQL syntax to connect to another SQL Server
MySQL statement-based replication and stored procedure
Can I rely on the order of columns on an index generated by database tuning advisor
PostgreSQL stored procedure to return rows or empty set
MySQL slap with custom query
search for something in the first 1000 records in the table
Unique Constraint with multiple null columns
MySQL replication using a lot of IO
Exporting and importing a database
Querying number of subscription to each publication
Migrating from SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2008 R2 on a different box
SQL Server 2012 Availability group disk configuration options
look for missing datetime records in database
Can SQL Server 2008 / 2012 have execute permission in a function for a user, but not for a table used in the function?
What data type should I use: ENUM, TINYINT, or CHAR?
How to recover data from corrupted innoDB table from a crashed mySQL server?
Executing Child packages without using master package
How can I verify that a full database restore reflects the exact source database in SQL Server?
Should I create an enumeration or individual flags?
Buffer usage for index with no reads
MSDTC on SQL Server 2012 with mount point for data disk
How can I join one to one to (many to one) without using group_concat
Best practice for copying tables from server to server
How to permanently delete a row in oracle forever
SQL Server 2012 AlwaysOn: need to automatically add databases by script- T-sql or PowerShell
How does SQL Server generate a query execution plan that adds up to 6,000%?
How to optimize a query that's running slow on Nested Loops (Inner Join)
problem running xp_cmdshell when Application Name set in connection string
exec xp_cmdshell 'sc \\<servername/serverip> start <service_name>'
Oracle SQL, how to filter on a set by a rank?
How should I set up these tables in my relational database?
Moving one TempdB on 3 instance server
SQL Server Transaction Backups vs Logs
PostgreSQL, How to keep only one schema?
How do I remove a SQL Server 2008 instance from command prompt w/o removing the server?
Can't get users default schema to change - SQL Server 2008
Unsure how to implement certain constraints and relations in this relational database schema
Recovering a dropped table in PostgreSQL
Is it possible in Oracle to trace SQL statements that result in errors?
The client need 'SUPER' privileges to the reports DB in order to create and maintain my Functions
Only allow one checked row in a Column in SQL Server
How to write a script to push the server time to out?
How is PostgreSQL extension feature compared to SQL Server extended and CLR stored procedures?
EXECUTE AS over Linked Servers
How to count selectivity rows in PostgreSQL 8.2
PostgreSQL: Cannot change directory to /root
Proper way to export database to other servers
Different Results between stored procedure and UDF
Optimizations Possible - SQLServer
.mdf vs .ldf Performance considerations
SQL pre-login handshake connection failure
Best practice for tempdb log file
Are database servers less scalable than web servers?
Steps to upgrade MySQL from version 5.0 to version 5.5
Time to apply transaction logs: does it matter how many logs?
MySql master and slave design
Reducing Log Impact During Re-Indexing
replication breaks after upgrading master
Pull Subscription: process cannot read file due to OS error 5
Single slave - multiple master MySQL replication
Delete shared memory segments left over by an Oracle instance
Need ideas about OPTIMIZE TABLE
Reinstall MySql but keep database tables and data
Update "NULL" string to Actual NULL value
MySQL Tables Require Daily Repairs - Server, Table or HD?
Loading data in mysql using LOAD DATA INFILE, replication safe?
I'm trying to disable xp_Cmdshell and rpc_out and when i run the commands on query analyzer it shows its diabled
mysql: need help to optimize my query/table
MySQL: logging queries which would execute without using indexes
Equivalent of MRG_MYISAM in databases other than MySQL?
MySQL hogging memory
MYSQL score by rank
Find who and when changed a specific value in the database
How to set Proxy Settings when installing Oracle 11g on Windows 7 Ultimate Edition?
Different queries result in big difference in performance
Server side trace to database
How to get user-specific settings in PostgreSQL?
SQL Server backup devices autentification by user without access to local computer account or AD
Get all partition names for a table
Compress backup file using T-SQL
Replacing a PHP loop with a MySQL Query
Limiting user access to tables based on a ROLE
MySQL Full Text search increase relevance for exact matches?
How can I automate copying DB2 table data between remote Servers?
How Should I Configure Memory for Multiple Instances of SQL Server?
In regards to GS1 barcode - what size DB field are used?
LATCH_EX Waits on Resource METADATA_SEQUENCE_GENERATOR
Tool to export data with all relational data?
IIS takes longer to run queries than SMSS
Clustered vs Nonclustered Index
Why use separate databases for high traffic/volume tables?
Reasons for incremental backup on Progress OpenEdge
Accidentally turned down SQL memory too low to log in, how do I fix?
sql web-application Connection String for member of a domain group
PostgreSQL and default Schemas
Accidentally Deleted SQL Server Log Reader Service Account
Relational vs Non-Relational Database for Events Database
How do I stop a query from running if the row is locked?
Creating sequence for longer numeric values
How do I specify a linked server to a remote database over tcp/ip?
Accessing Database without using SQL
High Mysql Load , over 700% CPU
SQLCMD command is not able to insert accents
Help with modeling this table
Database design: nested tagging
After moving a DB to a new disk, the log file isn't dumping data to the DB
parenthetic grouping of join clauses
how to build table relationships in a firebird database?
trying to execute SQL query on an oracle 10g database using java but getting ORA-00911 error
Is there a way to recover this database (MySQL)
Switching to NoSQL for native JSON use?
Is there a way to stop MySQL Replication on the master?
how can Audit All Login To SQL Server BY ODBC Connection
Postgres: Given some parent id's how can I SELECT X child records for each?
How should I store multiple relationships (many posts to many categories)?
What is a "partitioned view"?
how to set a column to fetch the date now?
How to fix filestream?
Creating an admin user in Oracle
Misunderstanding statement in MySQL documentation
How to create a database for unknown kinds of data?
Does PostgreSQL work well as a workstation-based DBMS?
Mismatch between size computed from pg_buffercahce Vs shared_buffers in postgresql?
Storing data in PostgreSQL: One table or two?
Restoring a database backup to a local machine in MySQL
Updating a table with more than 850 million rows of data
/usr/libexec/mysqld: Normal shutdown, but my team doesn't do that?
Loading XML documents to Oracle 11g DB with control file
Simple MySQL query randomly takes forever
Deleted rows but database size is still large
mysql ibdata1 file corrupted or increased unusually
Referencing system views in SSDT?
How do I shrink the physical Transaction Log file when it's the principal in a mirror?
SQL3550W: ... target column has been defined as GENERATED ALWAYS
Header and line item data source mismatch
Can I shrink the transaction log file on a mirror database?
Does creating / updating statistics have an impact on the transaction log?
MySQL replication -- issue with mysql.proc during replication from 5.0 to 5.5 host
Error installing pgcrypto extension
Does SQL Server place shared locks on scanned records when using REPEATABLE READ
High IO when switched to InnoDB
What are the hazards of upgrading a SQL Server service pack?
Why some of mysql system variables are readonly
Oracle SUM - ORA-00937: not a single-group group function
Does SQL Server place shared locks on scanned records when using REPEATABLE READ
Why would SequelPro only import 23k rows out of 130k?
How to override SSIS 2008 package config file path?
SSIS Suddenly Requires DCOM Permissions
Is it possible to select internal InnoDB columns?
How to flatten results of a table with two related "many" tables?
Backing up file groups with restore to earlier backup
Can I drop and recreate a system extended stored procedure?
Is this table in 3NF?
How to properly format sqlite shell output?
Getting the name of the column that was used in a join?
SQL Server Replication: "ALTER TABLE ALTER COLUMN" is not propagated to subscribers
Simple query not using indexes
Is transaction log lost after backup on SQL Server?
Identity proceeds as normal, but with a leading 10...?
Query not returning items in the original order
Getting sql statement to refer to more than 2 tables?
How to enhance the SQL query performance for thousands and millions of huge data
Start/Stop MySQL
How to count number of rows inside Oracle dump file?
Procedure generates an error
Should database files be on different disk(s) than OS?
Error "column does not exist" in a SELECT with JOIN and GROUP BY query
Conditional WHERE Clause in a Table Valued Function
need the most efficient way to handle unique constraint errors
Cannot Utilize Maximum CPU and Memory Usage for MySQL
Can I copy the table structure of a #temp table to a new physical table?
A query for a latest version of data
T-SQL Issues With Defining 'AS'
Dynamic where condition in a stored procedure
How can I identify the number of times a View is called in SQL Server?
Proper names for SUM(col) fields
Conditional Where Statement Involving a NULL value?
Is there slowdown inserting into an InnoDB table that has no index set?
When converting a table valued function to inline, why do I get a lazy spool?
Dictate edition during unattended install?
How can Innodb ibdata1 file grows by 5X even with innodb_file_per_table set?
Optimize UNION query in MySQL
Switch MySQL lag slave to new master and keep lagging (5.1)
ALLOW_SNAPSHOT_ISOLATION and READ_COMMITTED_SNAPSHOT
Best way to synchronize several databases in different computers
Using a table swap for a data load but I have triggers
Storing data as rows as opposed to columns
mysqldump: Got error: 1017: Can't find file: 'drupal_install_test' (errno: 2) when using LOCK TABLES
How can I set Timeout by View, User or Role?
update statement with self join
speed up data transfer from SQL server to application
How to snapshot or version a relational database when data changes?
Key lookup partition pruning
Will OPTIMIZE TABLE have any impact on my data?
PostgreSQL socket not listening on the right one
GROUP BY with OR/AND clause?
Why we need auxiliary instance in TSPITR
Generic SQL Job Scheduler for multiple RDBMS's?
Rebuilding, truncating etc SQL Server 2008 maintenance
mysqldump error on bash script
Live backup without lock
Is it better to use multiple one-to-many relationships, or polymorphic?
Tips for catching changes in table data over time interval for export to Data Warehouse
Executing a table type parameter stored procedure or function within a select clause
Paging in SQL Server 2012 vs. previous versions
Is the data fetched by an explicit cursor immutable in PL/SQL?
How to store a sequence of events related to a transaction
Database migration, how to
Error while taking backup using SSMS
SQLPlus: Cmd vs PowerShell
Alternative to sequence and timestamp: uniquely ordering records in time
Is it better to add an index and search via the index or add a unique constraint and let an insert fail?
Is there better way to 'touch' a row than performing a dummy update?
"Rewinding" a Postgresql database
How can I modify this trigger with loops and concat?
MySQL - SQL statement to test minimum length of the word 'ft_min_word_len'
How to clean up duplicate objects in SYS/SYSTEM
DB2 db2fm proccess
Msg 21, Level 21, State 1, Line 1 Warning: Fatal error 9001
How best to maintain SQL log file sizes
Shrinking log files with SMO
MySQL stored routine performance while using PREPARE
After moving database (backup, restore), I have to re-add user
One to at most one relation or multiple null columns?
Can view adapt to implicitly reference user's default schema?
How do you correct a corrupted index in Oracle?
Creating a PostgreSQL SERIAL column using pgAdmin3
Are database query optimizers aware of storage performance differences?
How do you correct a corrupted index in Oracle?
What is the benefit of two FK, when one of them can be deduced from another table?
Using T-SQL to dynamically create Extended Properties
valid index on SQL server 2008
Recover data from accidental update
Registering a SSDT database project as a data tier application fails
Running a Job from a Stored Procedure in another server?
INSERT INTO #temp taking 1000 times longer than SELECT INTO #temp
Can we Configure Change Data Capture in another Database?
Partitioning in Oracle 11g
Is it possible to upgrade MongoDB from 2.0 to 2.4 directly
Combine multiple queries into single query
How to backup to local drive and network drive simultaneously?
How to get default locking hint of a table
MySQL: Error reading communication packets
MySQL-test suite not included with windows mysql installer?
Relational Database tables
Removing the Oracle Instance details from windows machine
Exporting schema data (tables, permisions) into another schema on same database
Troubleshoot Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services unexpected error
How do I change SQL Server 2012 Availability Group DNS subdomain?
Which of tables key to reference?
XML Data convert to SQL database,
WITH ROLLUP WHERE x IS NULL
How to enforce a nullable foreign key?
How to insert in a table with only an IDENTITY column?
Extract part of string based on nth instance of character
best relationship for this design?
Transactional Replication Concerns
SQL Server 2012 indirect checkpoint
Enforce indirect relationship
Will SSIS 2012 work with SQL Server 2008R2 (not integrated)
Efficient way to perform approximated search?
How to determine cause of runtime increase given two query plans with SpillToTempDb warning
Logging queries and other T-SQL
Selecting the first purchase item of each customer
Is it possible for a trigger to update a row in a table using a value that was deleted?
Login failed for user 'domain\username'. (Microsoft SQL Server, Error: 18456)
Ideal frequency to gather table statistics in Oracle for database of 1GB in size
Changing Charset to utf8 for all the fields and tables in mysql
Does a simple select query acquire locks?
tempdb logs on same drive as tempdb data or with other logs?
How to design database table to store process status?
mysql replica ignoring server-id
Database creation on Linux with dbca: "command not found"
How to create trigger on database that 'triggers' when mirroring role changes from mirror to principal
Summation query with complex grouping criteria
Easier way to handle so many isnull() situation
Separating tables vs having one table
limit the number of rows returned when a condition is met?
Composite field in SQL Server, does it exist?
Rebuilding Unique Index with uniqueidentifier in SQL Azure never succeeds
maintaining full text index on large table
Fulltext stoplist replication
Creating a partial unique constraint for MySQL
Why PostreSQL 9.2 does not use index scan if it can?
Usage of COPY FROM STDIN in postgres
using row data for column headers
Sharded key-value store using MongoDB
Is it safe to delete mysql-bin files?
adding fields to 2LIS_12_VCITM datasource in ECC
Total Memory capped far below available memory
SQL nested select (query rows after variable), running slow
Optimizing bulk update performance in PostgreSQL
Defining system scope and boundary
Should I keep pg_xlog on the same disk as data if using disk snapshotting?
Visualiser for spatial query results
Getting SELECT to return a constant value even if zero rows match
How do I connect to a database with a blank password using a shell script?
Problems in opening mysql query browser
How to purge logs by using Flashback feature in Oracle Database
PosgreSQL: setting high work_mem does not avoid disk merge
Database for opening times of locations
MySQL replication: most important config parameters for performance on slave server?
Dropping a group of schemas with similar name patterns
Cannot create PostgreSQL user
Postgres: count(*) vs count(id)
Oracle transactions deadlock
Mysql Forcing close of thread 946 user
From SQL Server to NuoDB: Common Table Expressions, Stored Procedures and Bulk Uploads
Oracle 11g delete by unique key slow
How to use CREATE TABLE ... AS with Primary Key in SQLite
Unable to connect to SQL server 2008 R2 via Instance name?
Storing no of players the last seven days in an online game
Referencing a Join table
checking number of occupied occupied neighbours
Performance issues moving 1 million rows between tables
Database search with multi joins
Why does DBMS_UTILITY.COMPILE_SCHEMA break function-based indexes?
How to access SQL Server 2012 on EC2 server from my ASP.NET website published on the same EC2 server?
Is it ever a good idea to denormalize for integrity?
How does "Be made using the login's current security context" pass the users password to remote server
What is the correct model for related tables with millions of rows?
Unable to drop the table since its showing waiting for meta data lock
how to check which background process are running in my oracle database?
PostgreSQL: Slave doesn't replicate the Master's data
Speed up large clustered index creation?
Windows Server 2008 R2, Active Directory, and Oracle Database Server
Transactional replication creating a fixup index that's sleeping, but blocking other processes
xtrabackup backup grants?
Get data from two tables with recursive relationships
Table for optional parent/child relationship
Optimizing Query
Upgrade SQL Server 2005 Enterprise to SQL Server 2008 R2 Standard
DB2 Load Failure due to timestampformat
Oracle database created whats next? Create Schema or Create Tablespace?
Why does CREATE INDEX ... WITH ONLINE=ON block access to the table over a period of minutes?
Why would I use the MySQL "system" command?
Monitor For Disabled Queue On RDS SQL Server
I can't install db-mysql in node.js
Image fades on the SSRS report
Create SQL Script for Statistics
MySQL Read Speed and Partitioning on Separate Drives
Denying direct remote access to SQL Server
Master updates Slave but not Master itself
Shrinking the log file does not reduce size
Issues converting MyISAM table to InnoDB (auto column issue)
Copy data through SSIS package from one machine to another
Worse performance on a new server
Difference between accessing SQL Server by instance name and cluster name
Performance difference between MySQL and PostgreSQL for the same schema/queries
Read Committed Isolation Level
How to find which tables and views a user has access to?
What is the size of currently-existing tmp tables in innodb?
Using dynamic sql inside Oracle stored procedure
Untyped functions that return tables
Identical subquery optimisation in an update
Indexes file damaged, was on ramdisk
Publishing stored proc execution in transactional replication
UPDATE table based on the same table
Are shards distributed randomly across machines in MongoDB or are they in order?
How does OPTION (FAST 1) actually interact with a client?
Is there a behavior change between SQL Server 2000 and SQL Server 2008 R2 OPTION (FAST 1)?
PostgreSQL datasource URL?
OK to put temp tablespace on volatile storage or to omit it from backups? (Postgresql)
Restore SQL Server 2008 R2 Express from Description
Sync Indexes between two tables
Configuring Postgres 9.2 streaming replication with Redhat Clustering Suite for High Availability
Join two group_concat result
Database Restore Failed Due to Incompatible Version of SQL Server
How to handle "many columns" in OLAP RDBMS
Not getting the expected result with 'IN' and subquery
SSRS Deployment
Repeated values in group_concat
Restoring SQL Server 2012 database onto 2008
How can we get table name from inside trigger?
Load the AdventureWorks database into Oracle
Database Design Confusion
Is there a better way than the ones listed within to join data in an excel spreadsheet to a table in a SQL Server database?
What are the risks for logging across databases via a trigger?
Big jump in search time for Postgres Index query for results with high selectivity
Why does this 120 GB insert grow the log by over 780 GB?
Schema information within Trigger?
Challenge. Split database 500 records in two smaller datasets, randomly
Teradata performance statistics
Oracle Express intermittently stops responding, requiring a OS reboot to fix
Foreign Key to Multicolumn Primary Key?
How to create a mysql stored procedure through linux terminal
How to avoid lagging when enabling log-slave-updates?
Can I find out what version of MySQL from the data files?
Watch output of MySQL query over time
Force SQL Server to run query conditions as written?
Trying to write a function that doesn't require dbo. prefix
Auto-generate scripts to create tables, indexes, etc
How do I selectively purge MySQL table rows using a list of column values?
DB comparer field by field for all tables
The multi-part identifier "xxx" could not be bound
Normalizing a database without access to source data?
NLS_TIMESTAMP_FORMAT changing automatically and randomlly
Service accounts for SQL Server 2012 only allow pre-Windows 2000 name?
CPU column 5x higher on one machine vs another?
Error statement is not logged, only *password---- with many dashes
phpMyAdmin Error After Upgrade to 3.5.8.1
Many:Many with Shared Relation
Compare dates problems
Problem in Fetching Result set in Desired Format
Why do psql queries take longer when inserting many rows. Why is it non linear
SSMS 2012 is not showing the tables of the system databases
Migration of SQL Server to Oracle Database
Trigger not firing when deleting a record from stored procedure MySql
Varchar index - will hashing value make it faster?
How to tune mysql to be inmemory-like
Is it possible to backup a database that is not ONLINE?
Database user specified as a definer
Best practice: Unions or a derived table?
Restoring differential backup from SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2012
Database design - People and Organisations
Use cases for hstore vs json datatypes in postgresql
Query optimization when no row is returned
The job failed. The owner (pc\user) of job FULL DB BACKUP does not have server access
Timezones in Oracle 10
Is there an effective way to create extended event data that includes stacktraces in SQL Server on a local db instance?
Daily and Differential Backups
Wanted: Android versions of JDBC drivers for common RDMBSes
Postgresql Retrieve / Find Primary Key Serial Autonumber field for Audit logs
What can I do to make mysql use the expected indices?
Changing PostgreSQL port using command line
Same Parameter in MySQL stored procedure
Working Linked Server Query fails in sp_send_dbmail
Real-time merge of two databases on different servers
MySQL InnoDB does not return the last row on select with DESC order
What's the meaning of the Collation Code (blank, 90, 100, 110) in SQL Server 2012
How can I copy a user while preserving all privs?
Can I use Try_Cast to give me a query result column with different datatypes?
Different Result When Insert Data Contain Quote on Localhost and Online MySQL Hosting
Exporting 30 million rows to CSV
Does MySQL 5.6 support fan-in replication?
Index on a query with order
Select first row (grouping) + add aggregate function
Ubuntu / MySQL - How to choose from the various downloads?
DR - Moving databases from Active/Active cluster to Standalone server with LUN sync
Insert data in current table and update another table MySQL
Duplicating a Database with RMAN
Getting "BadImageFormatException" when attempting to connect through Visual Studio to Oracle
MySQL localhost vs Amazon RDS instance
What is the optimal response time for file growth
Calling a MySQL stored procedure with parameters in SSRS reporting through ODBC
Is it safe to call pg_ctl reload while doing heavy writes?
Why disabling a clustered index makes the table inaccessible?
SQL Server 2000 dateformat permanent change
Error "#1118 - row size too large" on the first row of the table only
Modifying replication distributor & publisher
InnoDB errors after having deleted "ibdata1"
Maximum memory setting in SQL Server
Duplication Oracle Database to remote host
Question about MySQL Semisynchronous Replication
Issue after moving the ib_logfile1 and ib_logfile0 files
User with dba privs can't login to APEX, but can from SQL*Plus
force PostgreSQL into recovery mode
Find Underlying Data Type (int - integer) of Oracle Table instead of number
"Replicate" sql structure between testing and staging on same database instance
selecting the month day and year from a transaction table
Is it there anyway to restore updated records in Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2?
Trigger doesn't run when value of a column changes from null to 1
pg_dump from 9.2 to 8.4
How to design this database to avoid cyclic dependency?
Why doesn't DELETE + REORG free diskspace (DB2)?
Index optimization
MySQL installation broken after Windows crash - how to repair MySQL and recover data?
Why decrease the wait_timeout configuration parameter in MySQL?
How to connect to Oracle 11g using "Navicat for Oracle"?
SQL Server database schema (and likely, some data changes) - how to auto-distribute over many database instances
Testing AFTER INSERT Trigger
Backing up SQL Server 2008 database in different recovery model
Total Memory used by SQL Server (64 bit)
MySQL high CPU usage (MyISAM table indexes)
Is replication from SQL Server 2008 to PostgreSql possible?
Converting Non Unicode string to Unicode string SSIS
Table corruption: How to perform Innodb Checksum checks in MySQL 5.5 for Windows?
How should permissions for anonymous users be modelled?
Can I get notification when event occur?
Log file growth issues
How can I query data from a linked server, and pass it parameters to filter by?
TokuDB not much faster than MySQL
Transfer data from DB2 to Oracle
pros/cons of different ways to store whether a record is one of two options?
Writing with multiple psql processes to database seems to damage data
mysqlslap chokes on strings that contain ";" delimiter?
Cannot rebuild index, but there's no reason why not?
Tool to view intermediate query results
Lock wait time out exceed restart transaction
Is there a difference in performance between @date and getdate()?
Inhibit Sql Server Log Shipping Alerts during certain times
WorldWide site - should I save UTC or in fixed time?
Using a Having clause with an outer join
Plugin 'FEDERATED' is disabled
Is it okay to use rsync on InnoDB database if the MySQL server is shutdown?
How do I refresh SQL server cross database references after a database is reattached with a different name? (Are there hidden synonyms?)
When performing a cross-database transaction, in which transaction log(s) is the information stored?
What is the meaning of this anomaly warning message?
How do I check if a certain SQL statement is being run?
Group Database Entries by time difference
Is it possible to validate DML statements?
Selective Xml Indexing
mysqld dead but subsys locked
Oracle 10XE: Stop schemas seeing the all_users table?
How to link several tables?
Does Mongo have disappearing/phantom writes
MongoDB problems recovering a member of the replica set
Primary replica set server goes secondary after secondary fails
Sleeping SPID blocking other transactions
Do I need to use NVARCHAR rather than VARCHAR to properly store UTF8 characters in Oracle?
How to decode a query on a composite unary-encoded attribute?
Auto Disable a SQL Server User
Weak entity with a many-to-many relationship with its owner
Need help to design model with multiple rights
Can I recover CDC tables from transaction logs?
Retrieve 5th highest salary in table
How to run DB Admin Tool (GUI) in IBM DB2 Express-C?
Automatic decimal rounding issue
MySQL Replication and Triggers
Restrict access for Windows administrator in PostgreSQL
Combining full-text-search queries
How can I get this query to use it's index?
Is it possible to upgrade mongodb cluster without upgrading arbiters?
Trigger Performance : Is Using Trigger is a good way?
How to backup databases to ensure data recovery
How can I search the full text of a stored procedure for a value?
Saving a SQL Server database to a file and opening it on another server under any database name
Should I favor using a param or a scalar function result within a SELECT?
How can I minimize SQL Server data loss in AWS in the event of failure?
Export complete database to a remote server including (Tables, Stored Procedures, Triggers)
Restore exceeds licensed limit of 10240 MB per database. All I really need is the DB structure
General tool to load dump files
Are SQL Server statistics stored in database or buffer pool?
How do I identify the remote db agent name to use in create_database_destination on Oracle 11gR2?
Postgres performance difference on insert
What is the syntax for querying a spatial column?
Is the key_buffer_size applicable to myisam tmp tables?
RavenDB - Disaster Recovery on a Replicated Instance
IIS Application pool running under network service can't connect to SQL Server
Slow INSERTs to MEMORY table
To make a LVM backup of a MySQL database, would I have to reduce the logical volume size?
MySQL Hanging Completely when `ALTER TABLE... ENABLE KEYS`
Oracle error : Shutdown immediate error
Query that ranks students order by marks and give the position of student even when there are students with equal marks
Connection pools being reset with Error: 18056, Severity: 20, State: 46. & Perfmon Counters not showing
Foreign key with multiple references
mdw_purge_data_ long runtime
Why does adding LIMIT to my query make it crawl?
Should I increase max_connections in AWS RDS t1-micro for MySQL?
Startup procedure for availability replica becoming primary
DELETE failed because the following SET options have incorrect settings: 'ANSI_NULLS'
Load different date formats in mysql
How can I reliably track stored procedure ( and functions ) use over time?
SSIS convert DT_WSTR to date
What is the safest way to run SSIS on Multiple Named SQL Server Instances?
If I fail over one database, do the others that share the same mirror endpoint fail over as well?
Merge Statement + Replication difference for SQL Server 2012
Full-text search migration 2005 -> 2012 (.ndf file?)
Slow query joining on subqueries with max
Should we always prefer clustering over a master-slave configuration if the goal is high-availability?
How can I make a select statement get blocked?
Configuring MySQL (my.cnf) for MyISAM and InnoDB
How to use and optimize subquery on 100 million rows
Can't Select a View on Informix
sysjobhistory "sql_severity" codes
Table design when one data is dependant of another and the second one has repeated values
Get all the database in db2 through web
User Password Expiry date is null in user_users?
Get Maximum Value
IBM DB2 Database name not found but I can connect using IBM Data Studio. What happened?
Validate every client has a valid gender
Built-in XML functions
Encryption in PostgreSQL
Are there any disadvantages to partitioning on financial year?
Synchronise data from one table to another & vice-versa using triggers
Syntax error when trying to import database from two PostgreSQL databases
Use a condition to limit the databases a policy checks
notes / description string in another table in a relational database
What's the most appropriate NLS_SORT parameter to cover all/most European languages?
How to get rows where count() is null?
SQL Server Import Job Removed Data After Job Failed
Select records that do not have associations outside a certain list
SQL Server-MySQL master-master replication
How to add additional tables/fields into a query with multiple inner joins?
Can a surrogate key and a primary key be in the same table?
How to remove all hidden parameters from Oracle Database
Seeting up a PostgreSQL database on another hard drive than my system one on OS X?
SSRS 2008 R2 setup issue
Installation of SQL Server RAID 10 vs RAID 5
Using a keywords table with multiple other tables
In place upgrade from MySQL 5.5 to 5.6.11 removes all users from user table
Oracle RAC 11g R2 DB silent install: parameter needed for system class
AlwaysOn Architecture - SQL Server 2012 for creating a dev environment?
How to find all positions of a string within another string
How to "swap" out production tables
Restore database with zero size log file
Order of where clause evaluation
passing --single-transaction in mysqldump command line tool
how to find similar word with more similarities
Mistake during Oracle 11g PITR
How to view the full, flattened query underlying a Postgresql view?
mysql replication successful but slave not replicating
How to ensure that date-range queries involving multiple time zones are sargable
Simple model database transaction log full 'CHECKPOINT'
File locations for Full Text Catalogs using SQL Server 2005 on VMware
Drop database locked the server
Disk space full but logical space available in database
Why is MySQL order by performance poor within a single partition of a partitioned table?
How to shred .docx XML?
Multi-variance products
How can I benchmark a PostgreSQL query?
Ubnutu/MySQL - Error "Unable to locate package innotop"
How to perform ETL from RDBMS to Neo4j
Large INSERTs performance optimization
BM25 (full-text search) implementation in SQL Server
Remove collation from all database columns
What happen when Postgresql tablespace is null?
Use select query in function
Document database structure for auditors
distribution.dbo.MSdistribution_history comments explanation
How to monitor or do vacuum without stop all?
Dealing with empty strings while loading a table from a CSV
How can I enforce data integrity in this model with a M:2 relationship?
A separate table or ENUM?
Is it okay to rename the MySQL data files (FRM) manually?
Repair with 1 thread
Change SQL Server settings without restarting services
Scheduled stored procedure on all databases in my server
PostgreSQL created a PostgreSQL user on mac. Is this necessary?
How to use database users as a foreign key field in any table
Execute a T-SQL job with a different connection string
SQL Server 2012 Simple Recovery Model with LOG_BACKUP log_reuse_wait_desc
How to merge data from 2 databases
Am I overengineering MySQL?
Creating database/tables in SequelPro (or MySQL) from External FTP Server
Most efficient and practical way to store time values (HH:MM) in Oracle that makes it easily searchable
Error in trigger: table is mutating
When SQL Server uses Multi Page Allocations
InnoDB Failure of some kind
Restore a Single File from FileStream
How to share resources among accounts?
One database or multiple referencing one?
How to check if I am hitting the Express Edition size limit?
If the users need INSERT/UPDATE/DELETE permissions, is Windows auth still more secure than SQL Server auth?
How find all the data loaded on previous day?
How to install and configure Postgres-XC in windows?
Restore of Replicated Database fails with Cannot drop the table <table name> because it is being used for replication.
Passing parameters to a procedure executed by DBMS_SCHEDULER
How to clone a database from one environment to a database on another environment?
Reloading MySQL my.cnf changes
Stored procedure and prepared statements
Validate each parent intermediary is also a parent to itself
Having too many connection problem
Two identical MySQL tables, one not using indexes
Where and how to store my weird datamart
Database Design: separating reusable & instance data
Unable to use mysql_upgrade:
datetime vs timestamp in mysql 5.5
What are the host credentials for Enterprise Manager 11g?
Check programmatically if SQL Server needs restarting
Fixed length text file insert into SQL table
Accessing the insert statement which triggers a trigger inside the trigger's body
Reorganize full text catalog is offline or online?
How to do division from select statements in sql server?
Pattern matching and substring replacement in PostgreSQL
Directory lookup failed during log shipping
Left Join not giving desired result
Run two SQL Agent Jobs Simultaneously (not sequentially) as the next step
Missing or lost transaction and no errors to show what went wrong
How can I improve this query?
InnoDB tablespace critical
Oracle TNS names configuration
Mysql: Schema/Query Performance Approach for aggregated mailbox folders
Oracle UPDATE followed by SELECT in LinqPad
How do I use subquery on the same table in MySQL?
Improve performance by partitioning
How to backup IBM DB2 Database online?
excessive CPU utilization by SQL server
How to load .dbf to run select queries?
Manually entering data using Management Studio
DB2 will not INSERT into Created Temp Table that I created
Are all matching indexes (indices) searched for a query?
Auditing specific database events
SQL Server installation prerequisite fails
String replace using concatenated strings from various columns
Cannot connect to SQL Server after setting sa password to blank
Partitioning MySQL for "expired" transactions to improve performance
How to sync mysql remote database daily ?
Procedure after commit
Recommendations on how to organize Queues in Service Broker
Enable Oracle Database options in an existing database
skip columns while using LOAD command mysql
Can't set up witness in Repmgr 2.0
Partitioning and freeing disk space
How to rollback the identity seed after deadlock
SQL Server clustered index high fragmentation
Missing values in INNER JOIN MS-Access?
BULK INSERT Data from file but ignore the first occurence of field terminator
InnoDB Tablespace critical error in great need of a fix
Why does copied MySQL database have different data than source?
Running a query within a scheduled job
Configuring PostgreSQL for read performance
Can I use the database and query it while full-text indexing?
What's the most effective way to back-up / save data on Oracle 11g large data sets?
Optimizing "Removing duplicates" thread state
CREATE DATABASE permission denied in database 'master'
Table partitioning filegroup
When is it worth it to use Triggers and stored procedures/functions?
How to output query to file using SQLite3
Should I use two databases or two schemas?
PL/SQL extremely slow FETCH performance
How to add rows/columns to the table in runtime in SSRS 2008
Autogrowth of database and log file
Tablespace on ephemeral storage
Issue on mysqldump in MySQL5.6
Recommendation for mySQL table structure (no code)
Search speed increase
How to restore SQL Server 2008 R2 backup to SQL Server 2008
Create File Stream Enabled Database in Network File (NAS Server)
Use an Alias in Where Clause Subquery
Database table design question
Single quote issue
How to avoid using variables in WHERE clause
Performance Hit when upgrading to Oracle 11gr2
How do DELETE / TRUNCATE affect table / tablespace?
psql coloured prompt misbehaving
How to get the information of the optimizer of PostgreSQL?
SA permissions issues with many nested objects
Audit full text activity
CTE memory space
Time series data for ad platform
Is it a good practice to create tables dynamically in a site?
How to remove leaf member values?
How un-clustered is a CLUSTER USING table in PostgreSQL
Table Design for user-specific and user-agnostic criteria
Is there a fast way to change column type without dropping the clustered index?
PostgreSQL group roles
No way to set maximum retrieved rows in pgadmin query tool
Microsoft Assessment and Planning Toolkit for Windows server 2003
BI and Self Service Reporting Tools that Support Web (HTML) Interface?
How to simplify a nested SELECT with PostgreSQL arrays?
Hierarchical Structure
Get the 2nd or 3rd occurrence of a value in a delimited string
Convert a date to yyyymmdd format
copy package from schema B to schema C
Can't use SQL Server database on a networkpath
TokuDB/InnoDB Question
Oracle DB 11gR2 netca installation failing
How to reduce network latency during mirroring?
When to split a large table
Federated tables and triggers
Re enable Windows Authetication in SQL Server
"Truncate" or "Delete/Vacuum Full" for deleting some of the table rows
Is there a system primary key associated with each row?
Database design: Two 1 to many relationships to the same table
Understanding oracle SCN
Query WHERE clause and JOIN
using CASE with ISNULL
How to configure SSRS (SQL Server 2012) to run on a different instance, but same server as SharePoint
Mysql 5.6 and install php5-mysql , mysql-common
Performance of database with transactional data
Performance of large queries on low bandwidth connections
Candidate key = Key = Minimal Superkey?
"relation does not exist" trying to import mysql dump into postgres
Sudden increase in log_file_sync waits
Add new shard - always best?
Master/Slave without populating tables
Insert Row With Foreign Key Equal to ID - Circular Reference
Constraints based on other columns
Database structure for tags?
Errors while creating multiple mysql-5.5 instances
3nf but waste more storage space
Help with best practice of merging databases
Simple MySQL table copy from one server to another?
How to make continues cluster?
Data Migration from Oracle to SQL Server
Storing history of full/partial tables
Allocating 8GB memory to MySQL on a 64bit system
How to recover/restore corrupted Innodb data files?
LISTEN / NOTIFY privileges
Change drive letter (which contains system dbs)
Database management tool for compact edition (.sdf) database
Oracle 11g install on Debian Wheezy does not start
How to Change location of postgres cluster and database within the same machine?
Moving postgresql data directory
MySQL Master/Slave. Actual use of Slave Machine
Import - database not found error
Make rows immutable allow Insert mysql5
General error 1651 after a mysql migration
Clear schema from database without dropping it
Postgresql - how to drop a trigger
Is Logical Fragmentation Meaningful in the age of huge SANs?
format of mysql query log
How to create new users for restored databases?
Database size not reduced after compressing tables
Database running out of space
How do you create a composite foreign key when key being referenced is also a foreign key
Index Seek vs Index Scan
Which one to use? InnoDB Replication or MySQL Cluster?
SQL agent job step's connection managers
Is there a standard way to use common data and procedures across multiple databases?
Attaching a database in SSMS gives error
Should we periodically 'refresh' the mirrored copy of a SQL Server database?
ODBC - how to set up ODBC driver for 2 languages (for different code page)
How to put one table on one disk and anther table on another (a ramdisk)?
Adding a column at a specific position using DBMS_REDEFINITION
Appending data from one program to the other using batch commands
Display query which SSMS executes from Interface/WYSIWYG edits
Should I use a composite or single-column index?
ORDER BY optimization issue
Use second hard disk for database if first one is full
what's the fastest method to export a table through sql query ? 11g - performance
SQL Server Memory Clerk Description
Query returns no data
Is there any way to trace optimizer's work in MySQL?
VarChar to NVarChar causing truncate error
MySQL Workbench connect to MS Access
Getting 'specified network password is not correct' when trying to change password
Do certain string patterns affect query performance on a VARCHAR column?
Best practices with large amount of data
How to schedule PostgreSQL replication?
Backup very large table
Replicating schema changes between production and development databases
Finding oracle physical database files
can rman backup a subset of a table
Convert SQL Server 2012 SSIS package to 2008
Is it possible to use 'restore UNTIL SCN' with rman and Oracle 9i in NOCATALOG mode?
Use users / logins from another database
ERROR 13 (HY000) When Creating Database
Is it "legal" to CREATE and DROP #SomeTable more than once?
Is this a good strategy for importing a large amount of data and decomposing as an ETL?
Why does fn_my_permissions return empty rowset?
Creating oracle database physical files from migrated DB
Server permissions of an activation stored procedure of a Server Broker queue
How to restore IBM DB2 database from AIX to Windows?
Oracle 11gR2 DBCA installation failing with TNS Lost contact
custom population of full text index
Why does postgres use more space for a time with timezone than a timestamp with timezone?
One filegroup, multiple datafiles, how to get list of tables in each file
Percona Node fails to join: Operation not permitted
Approaches for deleting unnecessary records from tables
Need an Oracle query to get the Oracle Home directory for a particular instance
SQL Server TDE - add master key and certificate
SP with Encryption Read/Writes Stats
Postgres backup and WAL to S3
Will creating a view on a MySQL replication slave break the replication?
MySQL many to many relation
Start service error code 3417 with SQL Server 2012
PowerPivot doesn't install in SharePoint mode on an Active/Passive Cluster
Dropping Hypothetical Indexes
Is it better to use AUTOCOMMIT = 0
pg_restore and psql asks password for restoring dump file
Update my local db based on scripts executed in my server database
MySQL Workbench - question about creating FK relationships
How to dive into the PostgreSQL's optimizer and trace each step it takes to optimize the query?
Is there any way to prevent the memo structure from being pruned?
Merging two Access tables into one
Best strategies to have a backup of an RDS MySQL database
checksum(newid()) as primary key - what happens if a collision occurs?
Backup very large table in SQL Server
Properly index magento mysql tables to improve specific query performance
Tracking down program from Event Viewer
How to attach an .mdf file that was not properly detached?
Is there a good reason to store big text data outside database?
Creating a global temp table in MySQL
Would Mongo's ObjectID work well in InnoDB's clustered index?
How to quickly startup/shutdown Oracle 11?
Usage of foreign key when the referenced table data will not change
Why is dynamic pivoting not supported?
Migration of create statement from SQL Server to MySQL
Does MySQL reserve memory for MEMORY tables based on max_heap_table_size
Is there a way to generate an execution plan for a stored procedure before executing it?
Separate table by often changed / not often changed data?
How can I include more query in one query?
How would I change this relational model to fit a nosql database?
How do I turn off ALTER DATABASE script output in VS 2012?
dimension table with "like" condition
Migration to databases Domain Users do not have access
MySQL version confusion
Performance effect of indexing foreign keys
Cannot run job NT Authority\System error
Is it possible to remove a database server from a cluster resource, but keep it running on the node
Troubleshooting SOS_SCHEDULER_YIELD wait
View column has an 8000 character limit?
Generate List of Missing Relationships
Why do linked servers have a limitation of 10 branches in a CASE expression?
Can I decrypt TDE transaction log files for use with 3rd party software?
How to get a row_number to have the behavior of dense_rank
How to do an in-place upgrade of SQL Server 2005 Express to SQL Server 2008 R2 Express
JOIN to read first table and get possible relationship in the second table
Managing version control of Erwin file changes with multiple environments
Postgres 9.2 select multiple specific rows in one query
Percona xtrabackup Prepare Fails
Does an index with multiple columns make a similar index redundant?
How to achieve this sql server replication scenario?
How can a database be normalized when an optional field causes denormalization?
mysqlcheck: unknown variable 'max_allowed_packet=100M'
Where condition execution sequence in MySQL
How to forcibly flush the undo log/tablespace of UNDOTBS1
Where condition execution sequence in MySQL
Dropping and recreating indexes
When should I use the shrink option
SQL Server 2012 installation silently fails
Drop tables where the last update is over 1 week ago
Search for multiple keywords related to separate columns on a single table
Which is better: one database per application, or just one database?
Filter on a window function without writing an outer SELECT statement
Workaround the snapshot isolation in a writable CTE
MySql is not optimizing the query properly
How can I run a T-SQL Script using SQL Credentials?
Can I trust the Database Engine Tuning Advisor recommendations?
Postgresql function to create table
How to automate Oracle DB installation (like a 'hands-free' install)?
where is oracle session timezone set?
BLOBs storage in a dedicated table
Where should I look for details about 'access denied' errors?
SQL 2008R2 Trial
Delete SQL Server logins on replicated server
Partial rollback doesn't decrement trancount
Record versioning and promotion
Query without having to specify table's schema
Role audit in Oracle 10g
Trigger for updating a count of rows from a table into another table
Is it possible to define package procedure/function outside of package body block (for Oracle)?
Remove scientific notation from an XML column
Join on different types
Running total to the previous row
Innodb table is taking randomly long time to execute the insert query and in show processlist showing as queryend/updating
Trigger not Working
Mysql settings for query_cache_min_res_unit
Exporting database Oracle 7.3 on Windows NT 3.51
Longest prefix search in Oracle
Are individual queries faster than joins?
Updating a table with millions of records, its been 4 days
Remove specific duplicates (all but latest)
Debugging SSAS Timeouts
Troubleshooting a SQL Server instance that won't start
How can I request a flush of the postgresql transaction logs?
Backup on an empty SSAS database hangs
Can you grant an Active Directory Group rights on a linked server?
How often should MySQL (stock, Percona, etc.) be upgraded?
Will Partitions and Indexes on the same table help in performace of Inserts and Selects?
MySQL Partitioning Performance
Backup SQL Server To NAS
MySQL CSV LOAD DATA INFILE ... doesn't want to load more than 72 lines
Is shrink a safe online operation?
Label data according to percentile
Migrating a database from SQL Server 2012 to the cloud
How can I add a column to multiple tables at once in MySQL Workbench?
Combining data from two databases with same structure into one database
When should tables NOT be compressed
More CPU cores vs faster disks
Is it possible to force drop of mysql tables with FK?
How to design indexes for columns with NULL values in MySQL?
How do I deal with FK constraints when importing data using DTS Import/Export Wizard?
Setting mysql slow query to less than 1 second
Is it possible to change the MySQL server-id during a SQL session?
Linked Servers pointing to same server (localhost) causing "Transaction context in use by another session" error
Communication between two database servers
how to change a user password while checking the current password in oracle?
Unable to connect to Amazon RDS instance
How to repair Microsoft.SqlServer.Types assembly
exported .SQL file won't import completely in mySQL
Can stable (or immutable) functions call volatile functions?
Table optimize command crashed MySQL server
Should xp_logevent and RAISERROR ... WITH LOG work on LocalDB?
Why does mysql show Primary key constraint on a View?
Find the partition where data lives in MySQL
Recover PostgreSQL password with admin access to host
How can I increase performance for select in select statement
MySql - set my.cnf location at server start
I want to change ORACLE level#2 to log archiving mode instead of the current mode
Stopping SQL Server Agent: Effect on runnings jobs
Multiple junction tables?
MySQL error 2006 MySQL server has gone away after upgrade to 5.6.10 using homebrew on Max OS X 10.8.3
MySQL cannot create foreign key, errors 1005, 150
Relation to original tables or to existing linking table
Is there any way to Restore a Database from newer version to an Older Version of SQL Server?
Database model: doubly linked list
Optimum configuration for 4 SSD drives
Exadata exachk.sh
Can I limit an index to only contain the newest relevant row?
UTF8 vs ASCII or custom binary format: high-performance optimization on very big tables
SQL Server Memory for Backup Buffer
Cannot see Green Button with white arrow in object explorer; DTC config problems?
Statistical Analysis of Data that has to be done in an order?
Can't get rid of filesort on joined query sorting on second table
How to restore SQL Server database with mirroring
Eliminating duplicate records in data cleansing
Check if bit is set in mysql
Mysql query grouping by two columns for max date takes too long
Table clean up taking too long
validate where each parent intermediary is also a parent to itself
how to count primary key of one table inanother table?
Like with the results of a subquery (multiple values)
Can I open a SQL Server 2008 R2 database in SQL Server 2008 R2 Express?
Shell: How to time a script running in SQLPlus and kill it after x amount of minutes?
os_buffer_descriptors blocking problem SQL Server 2008 R2
How to select nodes where all children is satisfied?
MySQL asynchronous multi master replication conflict resolution
How do you store tabular data in an RDBMS?
Copy database to local from server
Changing primary key from varchar to int
How do I open a Progress .bup file?
Shrink a SQL Anywhere 12 database
Check server activity with code
Access 2007 Work in a separate file using ACCDE
SQL Server: subscriber as publisher and hierarchical replication
Is using SUM() twice suboptimal?
SQL Server 2008 sp_send_dbmail
Is there any way to get the optimization time in MySQL?
When does PostgreSQL write logs?
Is it a bad practice to always create a transaction?
Strange behaviour DBCC Shrinkfile
SQL Server 2008 sp_send_dbmail
sp_executesql adds statements to executed dynamic script?
Addtional configuration when deploying Data Tier Applications?
Is there any way to connect to one server and utilize a linked server using Windows authentication and NTLM?
Failed copy job deletes all users
Executing local scripts against remote server?
Two nullable columns one required to have value
Restoring database backup file gives access error
Repairing Broken Binary Replication in PostgreSQL 9.0
MySQL - Faster after reload?
Updating a column after expiration of specific time in MySQL
The UPDATE permission was denied on the object
Restore Oracle tablespace to its state from 2 days ago
How to restore from a backup of a very old version of DB2 (version 6.1 backup)?
Oracle database link via ODBC to SQL Server does not recover automatically
MySQL Subquery hangs / terrible perfomance
Aggregate query on multiple values of same field
Bit column vs multiple join tables
Turning OFF CHECK_POLICY by default
How to debug a db memory-leak causing mysql to go before it's own limits?
MySQL+Web-App Performance Issues using different servers
Using Workbench to export. Views no longer work
what is the best way to update 2 tables via data entry form in access 2007 database?
Evaluation edition expired
What throughput should I expect with MPIO?
Efficient way to fetch records since a given criteria
How to embed a sub-prodecure call in a SELECT statement in an Oracle 11g PL/SQL stored procedure
Query result with X rows discarded
Why am I getting a "login failed" when creating this linked server?
Error installing SQL Server 2008 - all componets installed successfully except database engine
Does SQL Server CASE statement evaluate all conditions or exit on first TRUE condition?
SQL Server 2005 xp_sendmail error
Profiling a PostgreSQL function
Are there major drawbacks/risk of using oracle blob to store files
What is proper database design for a drupal table with an order field?
Execute output from query
Using something better than UNION for combining multiple queries
Is there any manual for the visual explain in mysql? The output plan is unreadable
When creating remote BLOB store is "RBSFilestreamFile" always the name of the file to be added to the FILEGROUP?
Change built-in default privileges in PostgreSQL?
database structure - complicated requirements
Oracle - Mysterious indexes
How to manage constants within an Oracle Database
How implement MySQL unique index with two foreign key that one can be null?
Performance impact of sp_configure blocked process threshold change
How to set SQL Server index pages per fragment?
Algorithm for finding the longest prefix
Run query faster, what index to use
SQL Server full safety mirror commit overhead less then Time to send?
PostgreSQL insert into table (not origin) based on a condition on fields on different tables
MySQL 5.5.21 ON UPDATE CURRENT_TIMESTAMP incorrect
What is Transaction Path Analysis?
Changing the SGA and/or PGA in Oracle 11g affects the performance of the queries?
SSIS Adding column to excel sheet template destination when importing from SQL Table Source
Postgres won't shut down due to wal archiving
Is there any way to force MySQL use Hash Join instead of Nested Loop Join?
Is index on foreign key used? (No difference in EXPLAIN.)
Partitioned Views - Storage of Indexes
Verify Query Request Received
memory used by Locks
How can I achieve a unique constraint with two fields?
PK as ROWGUIDCOL or use a separate rowguid column?
How much data can SQL Server full text indexing handle?
SSIS How can I write to a Specific Cell in an Excel Sheet
Autogrow. Primary vs additional data files
Oracle pivot on a column with delimited data
What are reasonable options for an in-memory multi-core database?
Fast query, in theory using index, still in the slow-query log
pgAdmin3 can't connect properly to Postgres 9.2
Different dates Oracle 11g with TOAD
All four data nodes in MySQL Cluster in same node group
Sync two Oracle production server databases
Linked Server Login Timeout but SqlCmd works
How to setup SQL active/active cluster to achieve Blue / Green instance switching?
Oracle datafile extension .dat or .dbf
How can I dynamically back up all SSAS databases on a given instance?
MySql Order by isnull() Performance Problem
Use timestamp(or datetime) as part of primary key (or part of clustered index)
How long takes populating catalog in SQL Server 2008 R2 when update a row?
`ERROR 1114 (HY000) the table ... is full` with innodb_file_per_table set to autoextend
Copy a SQL Server database from one server to another on demand
How mysql process where condition
Database with insert data every 2 minutes
Sql Server 2012 and native client 10
Msg 5145: Autogrow of database log file took 1010871 milliseconds
How to add an automatically-populated custom sequence number?
