How do I automate deployments with Kubernetes?
Jenkins - sending email after build with the build version as a subject
If a piece of work requires manual testing/QA, do we need to wait until opening PR?
Application monitoring in multiple EC2 instances
Windows Service installation on Docker Container
Best practices on how to erase everything in destination deployment folder and restart the app after deployment using Appveyor
Configuration of circuit breaker on Traefik
List encrypted RDS snapshots using CLI
docker as slave for jenkins
Why to overrule role vars?
What are the signs of an understaffed DevOps team?
API gateway and service discovery on Amazon AWS
What is DevOps?
docker container for running automation scripts using jenkins
Should I use filebeat or an app-logging module with lumberjack capabilities to collect my logs
Suspend autoscaling processes through Cloudformation template
Real-World Validating the Integrity of a Docker Container
Compare Strings to get Unique values in Jinja2
Pause/Suspend guest in KVM without virsh and libvirtd
Is it possible to run every testing.xml file with different jenkins job?
AllowedPattern for emails in Cloudformation template
How to set a Git repository when creating a job in Jenkins from a Groovy script?
pre-DevOps deployment metrics challenge
Multiple job plugin running job multiple time - Jenkins
How to use Vagrant and Docker-for-Windows on a Hyper-V system?
How can I pipe jq output
Trigger a Build in VSTS
How to add ECS attributes to an instance using terraform
Is it possible to use a JenkinsFile in one repo to build and deploy a related repo?
ELK - micro service and network latency monitoring
Where is the modules folder under filebeat to configure as a slave?
Networking between Docker containers
How to move the "All" tab to the right in Jenkins?
Is it possible to show a code coverage badge in bitbucket repositories?
How do I get Kubernetes to work when I get an error "the server could not find the requested resource"?
Meaning of metrics in Google Cloud Console
How to run Ansible with sudo no password commands with become syntax
Why are unnamed volumes created when `docker-compose up` is run and do these double after issuing `docker-compose down && docker-compose up`?
Discovering extra args needed for running ansible playbooks
Execute multiple Ansible tasks with the same list of items
Why is environment variable mangled in docker compose environment file
Software Security Testing in a DevSecOps Pipeline
Configuration for reverse proxies in a local Docker/Apache/PHP environment
Had to point localhost to remote ip for docker-compose to work. why?
Can you replicate Active Directory from a Corporate Intranet to an AWS VPC where there is an outbound-only link?
Custom Layer 4 Load Balancer
Continuous Integration and Isolated Feature Testing
How to send sms to a phone number using aws sns cli?
how is software defined infrastructure related to devops?
Is it possible to create AWS CloudWatch Metric Filters with dimensions?
Creating an effective pipeline for deploying branded IOS apps
Tool to collect developer environment parameters
What should I use for configuration management on AWS?
Run docker inside a VirtualBox of Windows Server 2016 (GUI) on Mac OS
Is it better to perform delayed jobs using queues or at app level?
How to organize infrastructure as code projects?
Vagrant box take long time to access shared /vagrant folder
AWS CloudWatch Logs Publisher plugin hangs on job completion
Passing in a file with configuration
Chef (well, Test Kitchen) hanging when using local cookbook
Best practices for CI for embedded platforms (ESP32/Arduino)
How should we automatically rebuild immutable infrastructure when new packages are available?
Reflect GitLab repo changes in VSTS code
Is icmp blocked at travis-ci?
How to automate unit testing a UWP app?
What is the major difference between continuous delivery and continuous deployment
Deployment custom App in Microsoft Teams
"DevOps Engineer is a sysadmin with more insight"?
create resource name based on terraform.workspace
What is difference between release and deployment?
Ensure a line is uncommented in an XML file using ansible
How to properly achieve dynamic parallel action with a declarative pipeline?
What's missing from this simple recipe that creates a user?
How can a Windows server be a slave to Jenkins running on Linux when there in an error installing the slave-agent.jnlp file?
Apache container cant access php files mounted in /var/www/ - 403 error
Should worker processes of web applications be placed in separate containers?
How to automatically publish git releases/comments to the site?
Migrate Rancher host from server to server
Install Java 9 headless on Docker/Ubuntu - Java 8 EOL - ppa:webupd8team/java package not up to date
Security practice for storing private keys for use by Java Applications
How do I upload my zipped lambda code into AWS Lambda?
What is the AWS user permission that allows attaching and detaching IAM Roles to instances?
How to safe restart Jenkins?
How to track (non ECS) container costs on EC2?
Which server to set up for distribution of windows based application updates, patches and upgrades?
Issue integrating acunetix with jenkins
difference between packer and matchbox
Docker on Development Workstations
Creating ansible host_vars and group_vars files dynamically
SaltStack Reactor fails with exception
How to copy files recursively to a Kubernetes pod?
How can I build & maintain a personal, cross-platform 'toolkit' of commonly used applications?
How can integration tests for micro services be written?
What's difference between on-premise and SaaS?
How can secrets be distributed in a docker swarm?
Does terraform support blue green deployments and roll backs out of the box
Test coverage of changed code in pull requests in git-tfs
Enabling CSRF Protection prevents editing/adding parameters to jobs - intentional or bug?
The right way to Ansiblically deploy environments directly from Github:
Is JS an reasonable choice for a DevOps internal tool (i.e. cloud-formation runner, scripts)?
Is it possible to set a minimum Python version in Pygradle?
Is it possible to define a minimum code coverage using Pygradle?
How to install Certbot via Ansible playbook?
What is the difference between Tasksel and CMTs like Ansible/Salt/Puppet/Chef?
Is it possible to securely delete a file from a virtual disk in a cloud provider?
terraform chef provisioning - cannot validate certificate for 10.90.239.223 because it doesn't contain any IP SANs
COPY and ZIP files in Dockerfile
Traefik configuration issue with local proxy
Scaling replication controllers via API in Kubernetes
What is the difference between modules and workspaces in Terraform
Does QA in DevOps roles means CI/CD or more?
Automated Docker swarm reinitialization and token distribution
Time series data stores in CI context - meaning?
From Java Developer to DevOps and will devops die?
Can jenkins control baremetal with ipmi
Why can I build this image from Docker for Mac but not on Docker CE for Ubuntu?
OpenShift configuration management
What is the best Windows Infrastructure to run Adobe After Effects like AWS Lambda?
Is zipping a file supposed to happen in Jenkins or on Nexus?
simulate SQL DB usage pattern of a typical cloud native web app with sysbench?
Creating a cron job with Ansible (ERROR! 'cron' is not a valid attribute for a Play)
Can we use Microsoft WSUS server to distribute non-Microsoft product updates?
How to create custom AWS CloudWatch metric for i-node
How much it will cost for AWS for deploying a inventory management application
Compatibility of http-builder-ng Groovy module with Jenkins 2
Do I use Filebeat, Ingest or Pipelines to get rid of Logstash in my ELK stack?
How to connect to a docker container?
Can Ansible alone be a complete CI-CD tool?
Git Repository Manager conditionally deny pull request
Validating custom Jenkinsfile
Ansible communication medium
Escaping curly braces in Bamboo
Measure service unavailability during upgrade
Strategy for deploying/hosting javascript-based static websites in containers
Should compilers be kept in artifactory?
Nginx reverse proxy setup issues with Docker containers
How to get the latest Tomcat version?
Github commit message when deploying to aws beanstalk in Jenkins
How to run a script or a command on EC2 instance via AWS CLI?
Is it difficult to convert grok patterns with logstash to ElasticSearch's ingest pipelines?
How to track unused resources in AWS?
Ansible does not create directories CentOS7
How to populate docker volumes in a build step to be used by a different container
Central repository hosting various binaries/applications for different platforms/architectures
Have Jenkins trigger GitlabCI
Where to put ansible-vault password
Modelling economic value of risk-reduction DevOPs efforts
How to start a VPN connection using Jenkins?
What is the meaning of source artifacts that must be in a scripted form?
How to list security groups for the specific instance via CLI?
How to get instance's route table id using CLI?
Powershell script in jenkins is hanging
Ensure that reactor worked out and see the result of execution state in SaltStack
Fastlane Screenshots with Authentication
Problem with Anaconda installation
Change Ansible module based on variable or group
What git command could be used to check when a remote branch was created?
How to write Apache airflow dag for file watcher
From a security perspective, to which location should one copy an app inside a docker image?
How to deal with docker compose's naming convention of named volumes
Coupling docker registry and source control
In the HashiCorp stack, where's the appropriate place to add users?
One Checkout When Running Parallel Stages In Jenkins
Monitoring immutable infrastructure virtual machines
How can I easily convert logstash filters with grok to ingest pipelines?
Terraform: Delay the MySQL Provider
What is the biggest Docker image on Docker Hub and how to find it?
Docker Compose V3 app container can't access couchdb container
Installing Packages from a 3rd Party Repository with FAI
Create multiple EC2 instances using python script (in loop iteration)
How to determine actual cost of specific spot instance
Actions Performed During FAI Repository Task Do Not Persist
Why Run Concourse CI in Kubernetes
Update production server (apache, wordpress, mysql) on docker containers, from staging server
What are the security risks of CD in an open source project?
Sharing mounted EFS from Linux EC2 to Windows has terrible performance
How to avoid output being truncated when running AWS SSM command?
How to get the latest stable version of Firefox?
Docker image delivery lead time SLA
PTC with Jenkins on Deployment based on the Build request which raised on PTC
Dockerized Flask: Connection reset by peer
Is a decentralized Docker swarm possible?
How to avoid branchageddon with large organisations?
Parallelising Packer with Ansible
How to create Chef Package for Redhat. I have 2 rpms agents and 2 yaml files
How to disable some branches in Multibranch Jenkins Builds?
Is it possible to load balance TLS/SSL based logstash communication to elasticsearch?
How can I get terraforms extern to execute `ssh-keygen -y -f ~/.ssh/id_rsa`?
What is the proper term for lead time from commit to deployment?
How to deploy with AWS CodePipeline a multicontainer docker environment without dockerfile
Setting ECS Environment Variables per Serivce
Ansible Remote provisioning not working in Docker container build
Error when using 'ansible-local' provisioner with Docker container
Personalize Jenkins job view per user
Multiple Kafka brokers behind a single OpenShift service?
Permission errors with non-root USER when running on Linux
How to export EC2 snapshot into S3 bucket?
Multi jobs over local (IntelliJ) and Jenkins
How to access ephemeral storage of EC2 instance?
Using Jenkins to control docker image build flow
Trigger Jenkins job from Gitlab CI with parameters
Does Oracle have an API that shows the latest stable JDK version?
how to control pod termination speed in kubernetes
Switching between blue / green services in Kubernetes using UI page
Handle OS and Software maintenance/updates on Hardware distributed to Customers
Does somebody have personal experience with integrating Rundeck with Active Directory and can recommend a guide that actually works?
AWS Batch use existing ECS cluster
Utilizing telnet with Ansible
Automated patching of docker images
how to integrate docker-compose or docker run command arguments into SCM and Jenkins build
How can I clean/delete a Jenkins workspace after merge?
In a modern IaaS microservice based system is Zookeeper still a useful tool?
Mitigating Maven Central risks as seen from the DevSecOps perspective
Count of currently active jenkins agents
Docker for Windows - How to increase verbosity when doing a `docker build`
How to define constants in Ansible?
What are Pros and Cons of various VCS and CI/CD tools to store, change and deploy configuration snippets of more than 1000 customers in a VCS?
Persistent data in MySQL with Docker
How do I provision a Windows Docker container with Ansible?
How should GCP projects be organized?
How good are heartbeat, elasticsearch and kibana as a monitoring/alerting solution as a replacement for Nagios?
What can explain ElasticSearch 2.4 not accepting to create watchers via curl?
In ansible how to select specific tasks in a role according to the playbook or a more general parameter?
Logging ansible crons in kibana
Minikube - Is there a way to run Windows Containers?
How to copy a file locally to remote pod before it starts?
How to apply DRY to k8s files?
What are Design Patterns for creating images?
What are off-the-shelf options for creating a microservice that consults a REST interface and shows the outcome in a graph?
Why does Helm time out on almost every action?
trigger command on registry update
Reference DevOps process implementation in Maven or Gradle containing working examples for acceptance testing
What is the impact of using Helm Deployments instead of StatefulSets for Databases like MongoDB or MySQL?
Does HA-git exist?
How to avoid code duplication in bitbucket-pipelines?
Microservices terminology i.e. distinguishing between "core " and "other service instances"
Is it a common practice to include the version of an API into the rest interface itself?
How to deploy applications to k8s using bitbucket pipelines?
How to login to k8s proxy nowadays?
How to pass the version to docker-compose?
How to get the ip range of github-production-release-asset-2e65be.s3.amazonaws.com?
How to solve `no live upstreams while connecting to upstream` when trying to rproxy jenkins using jwilder/nginx?
Windows Docker in swarm with Linux nodes connection issue
Launch jenkins agent from jenkins job?
Robocopy is Running Slowly on Jenkins Server
How to find interdependencies between pods in a Kubernetes cluster?
What is a suitable strategy for provisioning Chef Server through code?
What's the best way to restrict an environment to a specific CDN?
What does applying maxSeries to a single metric mean?
Bamboo Group Deploy Projects
HashiCorp Vault as a Password Manager
AWS Security group rule for certbot renewal
Conditionally run certbot
How to dimmension VMWare VM linux servers to run kubernetes container clusters?
How to add shards to a Redis cluster managed by Terraform without loosing all state?
Connect to Container over local network from iPad to Windows 10
Creating a buildspec inside the buildproject itself
Ansible Expect Module hung on attempting a simulated return keystroke
Installing Ansible Controllers to build agents which best practice to use?
How to restore default Jenkins plugins?
How do you simulate "sudo su <user>" in Ansible?
Understanding Docker swarm networking and ports accessibility on the host
Does Immutable Servers imply no source code updates on the servers?
Build Design - Docker vs Fedora's Mock
Docker MongoDB image - How to specify credentials other than in the compose file?
Error starting cloned VM in Vsphere Client
How to create a docker registry secret without passing the password on the command line?
What are trusted providers that offer wildcard certificates and associated costs to be used in an Orchestration Platform like Kubernetes?
Unable to run AWS CLI commands from Rundeck-No module named botocore.session
Can you use DTR and UCP with Docker EE basic?
CloudWatch trigger for a range of GuardDuty severities
Should I build my own pipeline or use GitLab for Kubernetes?
Is it possible to load an image into S3 via a URL
VPN container providing access to host's LAN?
Expose kubernetes deployment on master's IP
salt-stack: capture group for regex include_pat
Continuous delivery workflow: Build script for PHP Composer (Drupal) on Docker
Docker Swarm Service Health Check?
Get changes of the parameterized pipeline on the fly in Jenkins
Deploy to server after merge to master branch
Jenkins Kubernetes Plugin - How to keep containers for n minutes in Declarative Pipeline
Is it required to move a domain to Google DNS in order to use certbot in kubernetes on Google Cloud platform?
saltstack: archive.extracted template jinja
Secrets management
When your micro service in production needs a secret, where is the secret stored and retrieved from?
How do you change a secret that half of your production applications use right now?
How do you know which secrets and credentials of your production services were used, and by whom/what?
What are reasons to prefer an ingress over using `expose` in k8s?
How set and get var with Path?
How do I get Openshift to let Tomcat retain it's hosted site's changes
Automating creation of new VM and pushing code to server
Bugzilla 4.2 to 5.0.4 'Can't locate parent.pm in @INC'
Build isolation - Docker container based builds in Bamboo 6.4.0
Is there a way to run the Jenkinsfile from command line?
Amazon AWS - Amazon Connect IAM policies
Ansible Expect module times out; unable to end play or move to another module
Docker swarm replica stays 0/1 and service stays in status new
Azure - Connection String in Key Vault vs Application Settings
Is it possible to keep all the DSC configurations in Version Control and make Azure Automation fetch it from there automatically?
Multiple builds from one branch but different CSS values
Looking for a Desired State and Configuration as Code central configuration management framework
Ansible translation: Installing Apache + Certbot in Ubuntu
Docker & Django - what directory does localhost point to?
Why flask is returning a default login page instead mine, custom one
Gateway TimeoutError from server while accessing pods logs
Jenkins Health Check URL
Is there a standard pattern for doing flyway migrations on a kubernetes stack?
WinRM / WSMan - getting SSL handshake error / TCP RST when connecting with IP address, correct connection when connecting with hostname
Ansible ping hangs after one succesful ping
Jenkins pipeline + Docker integration
How to deploy Envoy EDS/SDS
Why should you do port mapping for docker containers?
Why won't InSpec admit that port 5432 is listening inside a PostgreSQL container?
Jenkins returns 502 gateway error and (104: Connection reset by peer)
Can I create an Azure VM from Ansible with NICs in different resource groups?
sshagent and jenkinsfile
Monitoring tool to microservices on Kubernetes
How to automate rolling upgrades for ec2 running linux behind elastic and/or application load balancer?
aws ecs jenkins on-demand agents not terminating after use
How to implement Auto Review Apps on GitLab with Docker Compose and Swarm
Jenkins, Jenkins SSH Plug-In, EC2, "ubuntu" user and "www-data"
Automated Integration Testing of an API in Azure Functions using VSTS
How to install Certbot plugins?
How to explain the Twelve Factors to non techy people?
Ansible Playbook Localhost Invocation Working Directory
docker micro-service cannot connect to bitcoin docker
How to use Jenkins Pipeline and choose triggers for email notifications?
Docker managers are losing quorum on AWS
How many builds does jenkins need to run before it has estimated times?
docker-compose fails to recognize when images are rebuilt sometimes ... often same code is OK
What are the best logging/metrics reporting tools for use with OpenShift?
How can I push multiple containers, created with docker-compose, to a registry
Should Jenkins apply round robin if nodes have the same label?
Is Windows in general always slower than linux?
Yaml linting failling when jinja is used
Reverse Proxy and TCP Optimization Inside the Network
How to tag source code using gitlabCI
Determine the URL for a SCM trigger from inside the build
Kubernetes create multiple jobs based on template and list
Is there a reason not to use Bamboo to run repetitive tasks instead of cron?
Local Prometheus and Grafana Installations to Monitor a Kubernetes Cluster
How do I run Ansible Azure playbooks while avoiding storing credentials in files?
Github plugin triggering to push event only for changes in specific branches
AWS REST API Query
How to find out the used Key pair name via AWS CLI?
When is it ethically acceptable to fork someone else github code and continue with that?
Build Breaker plugin on SonarQube version 7.0?
What is the proper way to install ZooKeeper on Ubuntu 16.04 for both standalone and multi-node deployment?
Git Files Encryption for Business
Challenges of using AWS Lambda chain
Consul with Nginx, not using docker
consul throwing an error
Apache Mesos - cases pro and contra containers?
Ultimate docker permission solution
use of nginx server_name
One time/set up jobs on gitlab ci?
How do I get dict key from ansible playbook variable?
Is there a way to run with_items loops in parallel in Ansible?
Do you need to install MySQL on Linux separately from MariaDB?
Is it possible to connect Jenkins Groovy Pipelines with Artifactory?
Jenkins declarative pipeline: use branch if it exist
How effective is ELK than other Monitoring tools?
How can we monitor internal or external webservices?
Which volume solutions are the most convenient when building Docker & microservices based application?
How do I make read only mount in Docker container writable?
Who is responsible for running and maintaining shared services in DevOps
How to bind ports for docker container in bitbucket pipelines?
Making thousands of microservice/dockers with different IPs
How can I make my clients (host) use my Squid proxy inside Docker container?
How do I autostart Jenkins agent machines?
Logstash multiple pipelines going into same index
How can I become a DevOps Engineer?
Why can I not run docker daemon?
Encrypted at rest persistent volume in kubernetes?
Does Jenkins support cloning git submodules with "git@" (not "https") URLs?
Running Docker images as Jenkins slave
Passing secrets to a Docker container
Saving time on an EC2 instance
Other tools to provision virtual machines
How should we organize VSTS repositories?
Limits of, or preconditions for of Blue-Green deployment?
Is this a robust implementation of database encryption at rest?
Open source microservice visualization
Git Workflow with User Acceptance and Staging Environments
Whitelist Travis CI to Google Cloud SQL
How to implement DTAP in k8s?
Do you use existing automation code (cookbooks/playbooks/dockerfiles/etc) or you write your own from scratch?
What integration test framework has the best docker support?
Linking VSTS build with jenkins artifacts
How to handle item not in list in ansible variable?
AWS CodePipeline staged deployments
Jenkins Pipeline - input only if branch matches
How to add rules to Kubernetes NGINX Ingress controller from different yml definitions?
How to make fast JSON responses (or equivalent) between server app and front-end apps all running on OpenShift?
Running additional commands on Docker image startup
Does the Chef bash resource create history entries?
Trigger jenkins pipeline job with Bitbucket hook
Tool preferences for rapidly spinning up and spinning down k8s clusters
Configuration of AWS CodePipeline for Android CI/CD
How to avoid the flakyness that comes with "gpg --recv-key"?
Apply resilience-testing in a company (to promote DevOps)? If true, why, how and what effect does it have on the Engineers? If false, why not?
What are fetching DevOps analogies?
What does "Does not have minimum availability" in k8s mean?
Deploy two independently hosted services in production at once without any downtime
Storage gateway reset cache
Issues with COPY when using multistage Dockerfile builds -- no such file or directory
How Can I Easily View Build Artifacts From AWS CodePipeline / CodeBuild?
Terraform: ignore_changes conditionally? (temporary EC2 instance public IP address)
What is the preferred method of using feature flags in Flask?
Best way to isolate programming projects?
Deploying a SaaS solution which is custom for every customer
Does Docker on MacOS support tmpfs?
How to pull a docker image from a private docker registry using Helm?
How do I replicate a Jenkins setup via automation?
Understanding DevOps opponents on stakeholder level beyond typical examples
What topics should at least be included in a Java for DevOps course?
How to move disk image in the command line?
GitLab Runner is using its Docker host's hostname as Git server FQDN/hostname
Container to Obfuscate
How to set an existing IAM role to a new instance while spinning in terraform?
Trigger downstream pipeline job via generated variable in upstream freestyle job
Why screen folder in /var/run disappears in Docker container after running Ansible playbook?
Enabling Github webhooks for multibranch jobs?
What do you need for a monorepo for a large codebase?
Can not find save handler 'redis' - session startup failed - for PHP
Rancher & gitlab-runner - is there a way to get the gitlab-runner to tell Rancher to start the CI test environment instead?
Is this an appropriate architecture, or can improvements be made?
Cannot Change Docker Size on Ubuntu 16.04
How to notate ipv6 addresses in inventory file?
Managing Security in an S3 Data Lake
Bintray returns empty list as result of attribute search
Is there a common name for describing "spans" of versions?
Kubectl: the server doesn't have a resource type "cronjobs"
does boto3 have a way to get resource limits from a region?
docker-compose local variable declare and use
What is the term for a deployment designed to make a future cutover seamless (not blue/green)?
Is it possible to set up Microsoft Sql Server in a scalable way?
Teamcity web-interface does not work
Pros and cons of different deploy strategies
Error while trying to run docker redis image on Alpine Linux 3.7.0
Issue with parametrized pipelines during deployment by seed job
CI/CD free for hobby side projects. Jenkins on Heroku as alternative, with ephemeral dyno
Cannot connect to server running on host from Dockerfile / image build
Docker swarm custom scheduler
How to change Xmx settings for sonar runner?
How to avoid running on the same docker swarm node when healthcheck fails x times
Did somebody manage to activate IAP for k8s successfully?
What are best practices for securing connections between CI and artifact managers in the cloud?
jenkins - gitparam jobdsl - branchFilter
Specify default arguments for Ansible playbook
after automatic update jenkins fails with `InvalidBuildsDir: .../${ITEM_FULL_NAME}/builds does not resolve to an absolute path`
Continuous integration azure slow or fails
Azure Equivalent for CodeDeploy
Infrastructure Stability Report
Any tools available for rollout planning / checklist
Scanning fs in a Docker container is (much) slower than on host?
Ansible Jinja template if statement
Jenkins Artifactory Integration - Custom Maven plugin creating dynamic version/build
How do I achieve Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (Ci-Cd) via JMeter?
Cross Region Copy of Aurora Snapshots
problems running Ansible with become on domain-connected Windows Server
Dependency vulnerability scanner for Conda?
Docker Swarm join-token not working
Join a Linux Docker swarm with a local Windows Docker for test purposes
Java ReST service running on docker but not accessible
Run JMeter Test in Jenkins with Parameters
Jenkin - Monorepository build only changed folder
How can I convert a production Linux server into a docker Image or container?
DevOps SOX Compliance
What Golang function could be used to enforce a minimum code coverage and return an Exit1 if false?
How can I restrict puppet to run in particular time slot
Customizing deploy key and ssh wrapper path for git cloning through application_git cookbook
Where should we keep application properties file while doing build promotion using Jenkins?
Change owner of files created inside a Docker container without changing the Dockerfile
Install Kubernetes using kops.I'm not able to connect to master api server
Ansible playbook to ensure Ruby gems are installed
Connect LAN Network to VPN with PiVPN
Database choice suggestion
Amazon Web Service (AWS): Spot request active followed by cancelled terminating
Docker container is losing network connectivity regularly
what do you think of making fast decisions?
What are best practices for sharing Docker compose files with ops team to use in Docker stack
Jenkins Github Organization Metrics
Halt execution of Bamboo build or deploy, without throwing an exception
Single Page Apps and DevOps Pipeline?
ansible tower_project module, always getting "ansible-tower-cli required for this module"
Way to Connect to all ec2-instances one by one
How to test whether a variable exists in the declarative pipeline
What's a good devops approach for a single developer writing python web applications?
Help! No development infrastructure in company! I've been tasked to implement it!
JenkinsX first installation with Google Cloud
Adding a persistent volume to a Kubernetes deployment from Gitlab Auto Dev-ops
Integration Kubernetes with rancher?
Options to assign a static ip to a service running in docker swarm
Docker Swarm loop
Email notifications to Business approvers
Pod object and Podâ€™s health
How to deal with authority bias?
CI environment being annoyed by DNS system
How to Remove a Kubernetes (GKE) Cluster node-pool without down-time
Code coverage versus functional coverage
Automated Install of PADS (Mentor Graphics) with Software Center
What are the expected effects of the acquisition of GitHub by Microsoft?
Health monitoring of web pages without using GET check
How to properly automate CM based on log events?
Copying a file with special character & spaces
Jenkins: make a credential available to all users
Ansible not able to connect to Ubuntu server/container (Error: Permission denied)
Terraform: apply only one tf file
How not to break Jenkins Pipeline when adding new parameters (declarative pipeline)
kubernetes cluster node with 4cpu can't hold two pods with 2cpu
Terraform Issue - Can't find Data Source in Sub Module?
Tools for provisioning windows testing environment on Hyper-V
How does jenkins publish over ssh store passphrases?
Heroku Slack integration without using Github
Is there an idiomatic way to create reusable Packer templates?
How can I simulate failure of an AWS Availability Zone?
Jenkins fails to start after a restart with "hudson.util.HudsonFailedToLoad: org.jvnet.hudson.reactor.ReactorException"
Terraform AWS AZ error - manually specify AZ?
Chef username/passwords best practice for multiple nodes
Does building a Docker image require the Docker daemon to be running?
What is a good storage for storing performance results and visualizing in grafana
Trigger a job and get the job log on the same page in Jenkins
Monitor Jenkins node/slave health
Ansible service module running state utility
Cheapest and easiest way to run a periodic Docker process
How to revert the Jenkins setup if plugin/Jenkins updates went wrong.
Original Helm chart gone - how can I find / get it from the cluster?
What methods are available for connecting many-to-many containers?
This server's certificate chain is incomplete
Jenkins in Docker: How to manage project dependencies in an immutable server pattern implementation
Saving core dumps when AWS restarts a docker container
Triggering specific pipeline builds for monorepos in Jenkins
Is there any relationship between "production engineering" and DevOps?
Jenkins "internal" pipeline script producing errors when running sh steps
Python Dictionary
Ansible - Handler not found on first attempt
Using docker-compose, what's the recommended way to handle different sets of containers for dev and prod?
Diagnosing large delay in file sync to Docker for Mac
Jenkins shows "No changes in any of the builds."
Chefspec preventing cookbook upload syntax error with %w()
Git repo setup for multiple dot net project
Alternating VC branches to build deployment artifacts for different environments
Trade offs of putting an international master database in us-west-2
Passing a jenkins credential (global) to a python script
Mysql with Kubernetes
Problem Restore EF Core 2.1.1 in VSTS, Hosted VS2017
Force Jenkins to reschedule parallel pipeline step as soon as node goes offline
What package managers are supported on Microsoft hosted agents with CMake enabled?
What tools should I deploy to support AWS for a Managed Services company?
How to update frontend servers behind a load balancer
Should I run CI on merge state or HEAD of branch in a PR?
Make instance with newuser by terraform
Preventing an IAM user from overriding launch template parameters on RunInstance
What percentage of microservice architectures employ polyglot programming models?
Stuck! using docker cloud from jenkins running on local osx docker
Set user in aws
docker volumes on cifs share cause permission disaster
How do I run the InSpec using a wrapper profile?
ChaosMonkey for k8s?
Provisioning times for Redis in cloud taking too long, how can we shorten it?
Planning a backup system using postgress, chef and vault
Applying ansible playbook to a docker container on a remote host
Handling request based on source ip with traefik in k8s
Is artifact promotion in this pipeline correct?
Teamcity - Conditional OctopusDeploy Create Release
How to patch AssemblyInfo in TeamCity for .net core 2.1 projects?
Docker tags for multi-stage builds for series of Docker images out of one Dockerfile
Possibility of container breakout compared to VM (virtual machines)
Hashicorp vault not writing out KV
Dockerfile base image
What's the best complete DevOps setup?
Preparation Failed Error on Centos
Helm/ YAML indentation issue
Using IPTable to restrict traffic to a Docker container
Processing message queues quickly without wasting money on AWS Lambda
Kubernetes Continuous deployment stage in Gitlab Online fails
cannot validate certificate for 127.0.0.1 because it doesn't contain any IP SANs | Vault
Re-initialize etcd-cluster completely (on coreos)
Merging Git Database Commits from One Branch to Another without Cherrypicking
Advice needed - automate everything or only new/current projects
jenkins fatal: ambiguous argument, unknown revision or path not in the working tree
Jenkins hangs on Windows CMD build that has GUI
How add Dependencies without DEP?
Bad practice having a single SSH gateway with access to all environments?
How to access report data from Sonarcloud.io aka SonarQube API, or functionality no more available?
certbot renewal fails over ipv6
Access vault secret from bash script
404 Not Found when obtaining new certificates for nginx
tomcat service fail to start due to length line limit
Why unable to find the exact path for grains storage in master?
Terraform resource definition for Azure App Service Environment
Running a powershell script via Jenkins on a Linux host
Internal network between container Docker Compose with outgoing connection
How to create AWS application load balancer using saltstack
Enabling Docker containers to connect to Internet from laptop while running only on WiFi
Aggregating JUnit test results from multiple projects
Using test kitchen from above directory
ACM SSL certificate with Elastic Beanstalk
How to change the owner of VOLUME directory in Dockerfile?
How to debug a docker on web app for containers in Azure which does not start
Why does amazon charge for free tier usage?
AWS: Application vs Classic Load Balancer
Jenkins Pipeline job - remember previous values
VSTS deployment variable
What is the most secure way to initially enter data into Hashicorp Vault?
I have an custom AMI and want to run certain config commands at initial boot, depending on the autoscale instance that starts it. How do I do this?
Jenkins Node Image at Kubernetes Plugin
Multi platform test on Travis-CI using Docker
Kubernetes Plugin on Jenkins - Is there a way to set the number of slave pods to maintain?
Can a cross platform app be run as a container on both Linux and windows hosts?
KATA vs NABLA Containers Isolation
Is Azure's B-2 app service plan better than a S-1 for production environments?
How to pass a /dev/disk device on macOS into Linux Docker?
DevOps vs SRE vs Production Support Engineers
How to deploy multiple dependent micro services
DirectAdmin 2 users same folder
Is Docker compose installation required everytime I start a new session on docker CLI
Is running load balanced autoscale apps cheaper on AWS Kubernetes than just using EC2 resources?
Docker hostnames are not resolved in a custom network
In a Database Per Service model - should i include the database in the service container?
How do I configure an AWS network load balancer with an A record in Cloudflare
Should we name names in a blameless post-mortem/retrospective?
Directory structure - how do I upload it as-is to an artifactory?
Jenkins Job vs Jenkins Pipeline
obtaining token to register a gitlab runner
Amazon EKS from local kubectl does not cache MFA token/session
AWS Security Group Creation Using AWS CLI
Chef - Setting Unique Node Attributes
pod to pod can not be reached through service clusterIP running in the same minion
Git - Everyone Pushing to Same Branch in Different Files
Are Route 53 DNS records aliasing ELBs guaranteed for their lifetime?
Initialize database with data
How to avoid an avalanche of images in Openshift when security patches keep coming in?
Kubernets docker registry behind nginx-ingress
MFA for Artifactory Cloud
How to implement the Load Balancing in Openshift ?
Where are dunder dictionaries stored in salt?
Best Practices for a multi environment deployment using Jenkins
Why don't the instances in the auto-scaling group get assigned public ip addresses unless it's a default vpc?
How to update pods if version hasn't changed?
What are the correct volume maps for zabbix running on Docker?
What is the recommended way to monitor differences between multiple Kubernetes namespaces/clusters?
Jenkins UUIDs ... oh the humanity
Dedicated physical network interface to containers in an isolated way?
CD (Continuous Deployment) best practices for managing configuration
What is a virtual repository in JFrog Artifactory / Artifact Repository Manager?
How to access Wordpress and AngularJs code in one url?
Python API requests with OAuth_requests lib behind a corporate proxy
How to optimize blue/green AWS deployments?
How to write logs for certain tasks only?
What is the Maven versioning strategy for Continuous Delivery or Deployment?
Docker: strategy-advise for a rookie
Continuous Deployment best practices for managing application configuration
After deployment, one Rancher load balanced RESTful app instance returns 404 while other returns results
Docker build not picking up built jar?
Jenkins Pipeline Kubernetes Agent shared Volumes
Software/devops engineer's personal dashboard recomendations
Set container registry auth key via command line/env variable
In Jenkins, how can parameters that contain spaces be referenced?
Jenkins slave not able to find dotnet
Modify sudoers file with ansible playbook template
DNS hosting choices - how to programmatically update DNS settings
Jenkins Pipeline GitLab API Credentials Management
Docker won't create a bridge network without being given an explicit subnet
How to use Jenkins to manage a repository from Github with a submodule from Bitbucket?
Docker exec environment different to container shell
AWS or Azure with usage auto shutdown occasional usage
why can't map local path to docker's inside?
System monitoring and reporting with Jenkins
Jenkins Pipeline "Build when a change is pushed to GitLab"
What is a glob in salt-stack?
Configure AWS cli inside chef cookbook
Error running Team City build step in Docker image: "ENOENT: no such file or directory, lstat 'C:\ContainerMappedDirectories'
When to get rid of '-SNAPSHOT'
Converting s3 URL to the desired one
Why HashiCorp vault returning null?
Is it ok to logout after calling docker stack deploy?
when does currentBuild.changeSets in Jenkins gets filled?
How to allow access Apaches from internet?
Ansible YAML inventory - Groups that are allways members of other groups
Different download speeds from AWS S3 CLI vs Console/Websites
How to detect exception occured in a Pod in Kubernetes?
Vagrant will not install a box
How to take a backup of Ansible tower?
How to prevent group from deploy to environment but allow same to redeploy?
Docker - which cache is used to build image
Executing a command in running docker swarm service
How to monitor ELK Stack Load?
Terraform Project Organization with AWS VPC Peering Connections
Persist Changes to New Docker Image - neo4j
JIRA plugin on jenkins not set the JIRA_ISSUES variable
Docker ADD always invalidates cache
Restart agent for each build
Does anyone have resources, tools, ideas, for automating database create, update, modify, delete
py2neo AddressError When Connecting to neo4j in Docker
Regarding Use On Docker
AWS ECS/EKS: EC2 vs Fargate mode
Can't access jenkins in AWS EC2 server
How to skip play in ansible-playbook?
Kubernetes Deployments & Rollbacks
How to properly assess the behavior of a site in n requests from n users?
AWS: Fargate charging model
How to calculate server capacity?
How to access environment variable in post-build access for jira plugin
What is ansible-runner about?
How to filter out system-generated calls in monitoring of Azure Webapps?
tools to gather variant information from thousands of servers and update into database
docker compose & azure key vault - passing secrets to a container on startup
Getting data from crashed docker container
Jenkins input pipeline step - Give submitter as a group
Why use EXPOSE in Dockerfile -- since you can bind to all ports anyways
Managing Cloud Formation Templates in SCM and S3 Buckets
Backing up an ephemeral Elasticsearch installation
Terraform plan -var-file="myvars.vars" does not run
Best alternative to deploy/update docker using Jenkins for CI/CD
Chef git private repo using username/password
what environment does a build "RUN" run in?
Using Google IAM for GKE service web access
Dockerfile COPY command with three input parameters
Control order of container termination in a single pod in Kubernetes
How do you handle the huge number of possible permutations of Dockerfiles / Teraform files?
Bamboo equivalent to Jenkins color
Use Traefik with Jenkins don't work
Scheduling a Docker Container or Installing Scheduler in Container
Stolon vs CrunchyData for HA Postgresql
lc_collate values for database "postgres" do not match: old "C.UTF-8", new "en_US.UTF-8"
How to safely change the config and restart a persistent ELK cluster with helm - GlusterFS Heketi
How to keep configuration files automatically during apt-get upgrade or install?
What's the practice to perform a releasing with Git?
Creating a task for a backlog item automated in the release pipeline of VSTS
Pattern for OpenShift config management?
How to install a private managed Kubernetes on-premise?
how to setup authentication for kubernetes dashboard ?
How to FTP Directly from 3rdPartyHostingServer to ClountStack like GitLab, GitHub, AWS,etc?
There seems to be a postmaster servicing the old cluster. | Upgrade from postgres 9.3
In Jenkins when to use SSH site and when to use a node?
Is jenkins-x the successor of jenkins?
Which password database system work with ansible?
How to assign static ip in docker for Windows for linux container?
Prevent new jenkins job scheduling builds for previous branches
Kubernetes - Internal only API Endpoints
Preinstall packages for a nodejs Docker Image according to package.json
How to use remote Ivy artefacts in Maven jobs with different binary repository managers?
How to configure a pull request quorum making an organizational constraint?
Placing an AWS Lambda in a public subnet
Chef vault not working
Dealing with ambiguity of the terms publish vs. deploy
Do not show all docker containers to a particular user
AWS ElasticBeanstalk Clone Prod to a temporary environment to debug
2 IP addresses for one machine, which would allow to expose 2 services on the same port, but on different ip
Jenkins executes Selenium test in headless mode while use `Jenkins as Service`
How to setup artifact filters to differentiate for deployment
Dynamically grep with less/tail
Chef resource to register gitlab runner automatically
Automated tag versioning on unchanged docker images
Is it possible to change disk size of box after initial creation with vagrant?
Vagrant package --output box how to set the version?
Separate Bamboo plans to run selected vs all JUnit tests
Multiple Ingress controllers in Kubernetes
What are the measures of size and complexity of IT infrastructure
Chef syntax with "do" statement
Built codebase doesnt appear after deploying
Blue/green deployment with micro services and DNS
Windows Server migration checklist
Jenkins pipelines vs matrix vs multiple jobs for multiple branches across multiple platforms
Do AWS backups of large empty volumes take longer than small ones?
How to intercept and redirect network communication inside docker containers?
DevOps tools and automation of manual processes
Trigger a cross project GitLab trigger
Universal CICD Pipeline?
Powershell connect to Internet via Proxy Server
Error during setup of clairctl for container scanning with clair
Failover for Azure Function Timer Trigger
NuGet package installed form Artifacts is missing files
What are the two project layouts offered by Rancher on installation?
Staging - Test multiple microservice versions together
Datapoints motivating introduction of SRE in organisation
Not able to install Docker CE 17.x or 18.x on RHEL Linux
Pass parameters to jenkins job with the help of userContent
Can I restart a container within an ECS task group without restarting the entire task?
Can ping service by its DNS x.x.svc.cluster.local but failed pinging by IP
Can't install MongoDB docker on raspberry
Inspec tests conditional on OS version
WinNMP (Nginx) returning "Directory access is forbidden."
AWS CLI --profile with duration > 1h
How to mask the credential file secured
Configuring Gitlab SMTP for QQ exmail
Autoscaling with Kubernetes daemonset
Are there any truly simple artifact repositories?
Tips for separating DevOps Git repos?
Should I use systemd or docker-compose to replace Upstart for keeping Docker containers running on my systems?
Always execute post statement in a jenkins pipeline when a conditional statement is met
Where do you start with hosting the infrastructure for your infrastructure?
How do I get the find module to work in Ansible?
How the use Docker exec to update code into a running container
Best way to launch 100 identical Docker machines on AWS?
Can the Angular CLI be used to build and deploy on a remote server via ssh?
Docker security risks passing secrets over environment variables
Is there an alternative to the Jenkins dir() to change to a directory on a Docker container?
Parallel stages running on same agent in Jenkins declarative pipeline
Kubernetes - unable to login to Dashboard
How to "inject" AWS Lambda code into a CloudFormation?
How to communicate between two manged nodes without control nodes in Ansible?
What is the purpose of AssumeRolePolicyDocument in IAM?
When exactly and what for should VOLUME in a Dockerfile be used?
How can I use a local file for a nested Cloudformation stack?
What happens when a PAT expires
How granular in purpose should FaaS functions be?
Manage Docker images and their child images in a pipeline
How can I get the first part of the API Deployment URL from inside cloud formation template?
Docker for Windows 7 with Visual Studio 2017 Integration
What are reasons for not not using Bitbucket-server for storing artifacts?
Angular Environments and Build Once - Deploy Anywhere
How to monitor AWS S3 cross-region replication process?
Identifying a benchmark to compare overall performance of VM virtualization vs hardware
What are some clear benefits of running master/agent configuration management?
Preserving ownership of a folder after mounting it
Where to state CFT dependencies
dotnet not found on travis for an F# project
Comparative analysis on when to run the smoke test (and if it should be blocking the build)
How do I prevent service A from being placed in the same node as service B in Docker Swarm?
How do I fix a "heartbeat failure" in Docker Swarm?
SSL error when deploying from gitlab runner (GitLab-CI) to remote docker host
Open source private cloud VM provisioning for container workload
ECS ELB Health Check Fails
Browser Based Programmable Workflow Engine
Fully enabled End to End CI/CD Solution
How can I get gs_secret_key and gs_access_key to use gc_storage module in Ansible
What is the behavior if docker compose fails?
Login to docker registry using chef
Jenkins vs Azure DevOps Pipelines
Jenkinsfile equivalent in Azure repos
What are some good Kubernetes training courses?
How important is it to configure a CA for a Kubernetes cluster?
How do I handle multiple AWS accounts in Terraform?
Mocking CloudStack API
Managing IAM policies with Terraform to implement CRUD of AWS resources
How does someone share a drive to be available for my containers?
How to retrigger a Jenkins build after failure using declarative syntax?
How can I force Docker Compose to rebuild containers when dockerfile changes?
What is warm(ing) up?
openshift persistance volume pod not ready
Pull request in TeamCity (bitbucket)
Environment variable names, when my development environment has multiple projects
Deploying lambda conceiving sensitive variables using serverless
How to filter GitLab jobs by runner?
Understanding and tweaking AWS policies for job functions
How to install docker in Raspbian Virtual Machine
Using Composer when php-fpm and Nginx is in separate Docker containers
Availability/Reproducibility of Ubuntu Minimal as Docker image
Tomcat deploy war with Ant - error writing to server
vagrant box tests in gitlab-ci
Passing variables between scripts in a Jenkins pipeline
post jenkins build console output to slack
Puppet directory sync does not delete absent files
Pushing Docker application logs to Logentries
Amazon EKS: using spot instances for worker nodes
Why am I unable to push docker image in gce (gcr.io)?
DigitalOcean Floating IPs - So near and yet so far!
Force tokens on just consul de-register
Jenkins Kubernetes Rancher, how to do a CI with these tools
ansible AWX is connecting through ssh as root instead of user defined in credential
Zero Downtime Deployment with Database Backward Compatibility
Cannot pull ansible docker image
Choice for scheduled task in AWS
What do you tell someone new to going oncall or PagerDutyl?
Using Red Hat Docker image as base image
How to pull all alternative tags of a Docker image?
jenkins pipeline nested parallel
Change variable inside of project. Jenkins, docker, kubernetes
Route webhook to all replicas
Docker compose curl healthcheck on official nginx image not working
Jenkins-Ansible: executing ansible playbook using jenkins pipeline script
Jenkins VCS Plug in Snapshot
Extra none:none images after docker build
Hostname from nodeexporter in Docker Swarm
Communication between VPCs and a transit VPC hosting VPN Server without Masking source IP
How to redirect tomcat logs TO console?
Dynamically change config files in c# Application based on environments(dev,QA,Prod) through Bamboo
nodes in a kubernetes cluster in azure unable to communicate with one another
How to make the Jenkins agent build then start the server?
Kibana only showing up via 1 consul service
How can I use Docker Hub in Terraform?
How do I reproduce existing S3 lifecycle rules in Terraform?
Script to enable/disable maintenance mode for Pager Duty using Riemann
How to make Jenkinsfile credential visible to many stages
Is there an established metric to describe optimal/needed ressources for a specific computational task?
DNS server with api access
How to create high availability databases?
Jmeter simulating traffic and avoiding 429
Jenkins Pipeline project can't when on branch
How to annotate ingresses for traefik to generate Let's Encrypt certificates?
How to enable CORS in Geoserver on Docker?
How to make one branch public while the others remain private on GitLab?
Docker windows server core images not available
How to implement GitLab Flow branching model for microservices?
Open source private cloud metadata service repository
Cross region replication of Redis Docker container data
How can I configure logstash-input-s3 in Dockerfile
Undeploy or deactivate an AWS Lambda
trigger a build on a specific branch when a branch is deleted?
Terraform error 403
Billing my clients for CDN usage
Pod & pod's health
Where can I find a Dockerfile + required files to create a Flask/MySQL forum/webapp with users?
The Phoenix Project and Military service
How to run Dockerized graphical applications on a headless server with packages required for display remotely on clients as part of a separate image?
Rancher, Load Balancing and own domain
Ansible Find Module
How do I resolve this error when using chef-solo from packer?
Multi-container server of PHP apps with reverse proxy?
How to use Jenkins github user credentials to access github api in my script?
Error while following Docker get-started part 3
Trying to register a check with consul using curl, check not showing up | Missing check name
How to clean up disk space for Azure Kubernetes Node?
Jenkins Groovy to parse console output and mark build failure
Consul assuming all checks are TTL checks
AutomatedTest selenium chromedriver not running after update chrome
How to monitor a REST call response?
Where is the git submodule revision actually stored?
Appropriate use cases for git submodule and braid
How can I diagnose php cli command execution time inside a docker container
What is a "mesh"?
How should I run a multicontainer app/platform with nginx behind traefik
Jenkins poll scm issue- Multiple jobs configured in single repo
Storing my Lambda Functions on GitHub
Running consul in the background using Chef
How do I return just the full path of a file found with the find module in Ansible?
How do I automate population of known_hosts and authorized_keys?
How to manage Pull request or branch environment databases?
Consul not accepting checks being registered via the API | Assumes all are TTL checks
How to exclude a certain linenumber of an Ansible playbook when testing it using Molecule?
Tfs octopus migration to k8s and docker
Digital Ocean vs AWS EC2 for Laravel based application
How to test an ansible playbook using molecule inside docker locally?
Consul reporting file missing but file exists
Configure Jenkins to take Artifact and Deploy Server Information
zip: command not found after installing zip on NODE docker image, even after installing p7zip?
Kubernetes auto scaling in cloud environment
Consul accepting check registration but no showing checks
Is there a way to use Python library, pyjulia and Julia library PyCall (which inter-operate with each-other) using two containers rather than one?
Pass Variable in pipeline script
How does Vagrant differ from Ansible and Docker?
Jenkins pipeline pass upstream build number to downstream job using Pipeline script
Browser viewport too small when starting Selenium Standalone through Windows Task Scheduler
Jenkins Code Coverage (Cobertura) overview display
Docker for Win10 + Linux Containers + tmpfs
How to make a Jenkins API call when using "Log in with Google" as security?
packge.json not found while executing on Jenkins
How to change a statefulset in OpenShift?
Is it possible to specify an IP address to connect to the Azure Queue service?
Push specific changes (defect fix) and not feature changes
How to trigger Jenkins job by deploying git pipline using webhook?
Deprecation errors using run to test an nginx container in Kubernetes v1.3.6
Maximally-self-managed hosting-platforms and OS-and-above containerizators (like Vagrant)
Tooling to get AWS STS credentials with an MFA device and a SAML identity provider
Docker Hub automated builds and Travis CI
Reg uploading additional files in docker hub
Deploy war/ear to a container' marked build as failure
Should we build our application inside a docker container, or copy it in?
What are vertical scalability limits of JFrog Artifactory Pro?
How to spawn on-demand cloud batches with GitLab similar to Jenkins EC2 plugin?
Zabbix on docker containers
curl: (6) Could not resolve host error from Gitlab Runner
Docker Deployment strategy for microservices project
Automating the creation of an Apache virtual-host file specifically
VAD (Vagrant-Ansible-Docker) stack for Ubuntu and Apache
Create clean/blank MacOS fs on MacOS or Linux
Kubernetes cluster on top of etcd cluster
Groovy script to show only selected item
Why do `docker info` and `docker df` show different amounts?
phpMyAdmin using dockerised database
Is there a php (or composer) command to change upload_max_filesize && post_max_size from terminal?
How to filter the ingress traffic to a docker container by changing IPtables in docker host machine
Consul can't register anything error 403
Nuget target framework for both net452 and netcore2.0
Can you restrict usage of a tag to certain users in VSTS
Background process not running after executing shell script
Retaining temporary job side containers with GitLab runner
AWS: Using CloudFront as CDN for non-AWS hosted content
Execute shell with multiple arguments using saltstack
AWS Cloudformation: Callback only for CREATE_COMPLETE or CREATE_FAILED of entire stack
What's the difference between "Ops Dev" and "DevOps"?
Keep getting permissions error gcloud.container.clusters.get-credentials
Consulting DevOps from the Ops side
Can a 5 US $ VPSE support VAD stack with 2 relatively-small CMSs?
Access database deployed in kubernetes
How to generate an include tree for an application configs
Remote Hyper-V server with Vagrant
How to confugure proxy for Python Apache Cloud Stack client?
Are there dialects of YAML or just differences in parsing it?
How to deploy large web app in container minimal data transfer?
Openshift EFK stack for custom application logging
How to report Code Coverage metrics across git repositories?
How fast does Prometheus data grow?
Is it possible to consolidate notification handlers when they are very similar?
What is the best way to put on a repository for a docker image with multiple tags?
How to handle large deployments using tools like gitlab and docker
Terraform: Cannot specify duplicate termination policy - [OldestInstance]
Docker: subnet clients can't ping other subnet
ECS auto deploy with ECR
SSH tunneling to hosts deployed behind firewalls
How to specify a filter for Kubectl -o flag=custom-column
Add a rule to a work item type with formula in Azure DevOps boards
ansible task -easy_install with requirements.txt file
What do we know about how open source software becomes eligible for the Docker Hub library?
How to successfully exit after deleting a VM sitting in the VM
Should I run several applications in Docker in a single server?
azure blob storage host spa/ code change without downtime
Import tarball as next revision
A cloud technology with automatic upgrades of my OS-release and web server release?
skaffold: does not update image tags if tags are specified already (for local development)
Run scripts which are stored in GitLab from Jenkins
Cookbook get and set dynamic URL
What Ansible does in cases there's a conflict between OS version and some software Ansible manages?
Is it true to say that both a "shared server environment " and a "VPS environment" can be either IaaS or PaaS?
Is Vagrant an operating system by itself?
Why are IaaS hosting services are usually fixed-priced and PaaS are usually dynamically-priced?
K8s pod hangs when starts with volume
Proper way to showcase multi-container web app to customers
How to integrate CI with federated AWS IAM roles?
Is there ERP software with DevOps data integration?
How to know where a docker image come from?
SaltStack states pattern and replace for multiple files under directory and for multiple line matches
How to explicitly kill the process with PID 1 from inside a container?
Why does AAD not Sync with Organisation users?
How to read array and loop server selection and deployment
How to allow traffic only from cloudflare to AWS ALB?
Context of DevOps in ISO 27001 security audits
Jenkins Pipeline steps that run before Jenkinsfile
AWS EKS CronJob resource not found
Is there a 5$-30$ IaaS that supports some rolling-release distro?
What is the common term for Apache virtual hosts or Nginx block systems?
How frequently do PaaS:VPS agencies upgrade OS_release in comparison to PaaS:shared-webserver?
Using chef go not found but manually exists
Quest for a missing release of Apache Cloud Stack 4.7.1.3
Are all virtualization (OS/above-OS) utilities DevOps utilities?
Creating agent policy consul
How does Vagrant differ from VirtualBox and similar software, if at all?
Tools used in enterprise level to transfer build artifacts from CI server to live server
Is there a book only about Ansible (without touching Vagrant, VirtualBox, Docker and virtualization stuff)?
Jenkins | How to trim (or preferably customise) the console output content that is sent as email content post execution of a build?
How do you instruct AWS FARGATE to provision a t2.small via ECS CLI instead of the default micro?
multicloud connect over VPN?
Ansible: Difference between the apt module and command: apt-get -y install X (module)
Accessing container by domain name
Should local Ansible playbooks be loaded each day/week with cron?
What is the difference between continuous deployment to continuous delivery?
Is it possible to have multiple gitlab-ci files in a single repo?
How to find the image name corresponding to a layer digest?
Will Docker Swarm work if masters are spread over 3 continents?
Is there a system which automates everything (OS release, and above) to host websites on?
Strategies to work around 30 sec timeout
How to pass language_in to Apache Ant build task
GitHub merge access
How to exclude a receipt from a role?
How can CaaS, PaaS, and FaaS users know if the operating system of their server environment is of the newest release?
Azure DevOps Pipeline Conditional Flow with Manual Intervention
How to get exposed ports from inside of container?
Install minimal dependencies with apt
Is it useful to track dev time with CI/CD?
how to stop and start kubernetes cluster
How can container user and host user both have access to same files in volume?
How do I get Jenkins to work in a Docker container without modifying a directory on the Docker host?
Permission issue with Persistent volume in postgres in Kubernetes
How do you deploy Kubernetes to AWS with conjure-up (and not EKS)?
Release based on restricted timeline with CI/CD
How/where are programs installed in Docker containers?
One time database update process as part of applying a patch
After pushing to registry Jenkin's settings are reset
What are FaaS "applications" as presented in the hosting models chart by AMIDO?
How can you pass private environment variables to FARGATE tasks specified from a Docker Compose config
Cannot run bitnami images on AWS Fargate with mounted volume?
What is the best way to achieve DevOps in any environment, or it is always environment dependent?
Understanding contents and workwise of a Terraform plan
Best practice for Postgres setup with docker-compose
What are the security loopholes closed by introducing Istio
How to ensure testing execution order with GitLab CI?
Keep Azure Batch Service applications up to date with Azure Devops
Move artifacts files and folders to a one (release) folder
Kafka from client to server vs. "router" in the DC
Access S3 files from Datacenter over VPN to VPC
How do I deploy an applications to Kubernetes with Minikube?
Developing a progress meter for uploading and processing a file
Take automatic screenshots of a website and send it to WhatsApp or Facebook Messenger
Containers Orchestations and some docker functions
What is the best method to start and stop an application?
Is this okay to use double proxy-server setup (on host and in container) on one machine?
Access service in remote Kubernetes cluster using ingress
Giving a meaningful name to Dockerfile's VOLUME
How to exclude storage.bucket.list permission on public gcp storage bucket
Splunk indexing
./mvnw -Pprod package command fails to download Maven
Multi configuration deployment for product based company with 100+ clients using Azure DevOps/VSTS
Use Google OAuth and AWS Cognito to send Jenkins api calls as auth'd user?
RDS IOPS utilizing fully
docker swarm init made docker go corrupted
Where would DevOps Engineers mostly look for their next opportunity and what would it be?
What does mapping in yml file means?
running httpd and nginx in the same pod kubernetes
Docker service host is not available inside container
Consul Helm chart: Connect Injector service not working
How do you create and implement a customized IAM Policy in AWS using LandingZone(Control Tower)
While deploying with MCollective and Puppi, what are the possible reasons for hosts to be not responding?
Push Jenkins Build status to Github and Trigger Jenkins build from Github Webhook
call container B inside container A using docker networks
What are tools that lend themselves for backup and recovery in a CI/CD environment?
How do I install Terraform libvrit_cloudinit?
AWS Log Insights
How to setup external service (keycloak) to protect an app in kubernetes?
Why can the certificate not be found by the Ingress Controller, while the certificate has been issued?
SQS Displaying only "data" of logs
Jenkins CLI from Jenkinsfile
Connecting jaeger with elasticsearch backend storage on kubernetes cluster
How to create a preemptable docker container?
Gitworkflow and testing short lived feature branches in Openshift/Kubernetes
Docker Persisting Data During Build
How to solve "E405: Remote package tasks should have a retry" in Ansible?
How to get all log files on kubernetes master node?
OOM when running Bitbucket pipelines
How to match a pattern and replace all files in a directory using salt states?
all volumes are geting deleted when one EC2 is being deleted via terraform
How to add LinkedIn's Burrow to a Docker Compose?
How to enable Google Maps and generate an API key using Terraform?
all volumes are geting deleted when one EC2 is being deleted via terraform
Configuring Zookeeper from Ansible
How do configuration management tools deal with someone messing up configuration files manually?
How to see when an AWS IAM role was last used?
When is it not appropriate to use serverless technology such as AWS Lambda?
How to convert a docker-compose file to kubernetes file(s)?
Nginx modsecurity fails to compile
Automate creation of branch + pull-request
How to add multiple jvm options in a saltstack jinja?
What is the concurrent operation exception in Cloud Stack?
Cannot add a new user in Azure DevOps
jenkins pipeline code to build docker images
Is there any latest technology which will replace Docker, Kubernetes in future?
Mesos-slave not picking up attributes
Jenkins in private subnet
Nexus2: How can I get a list of all artifacts from a specific repository via REST API?
Issue with custom domain SSL certification
Easiest way to manage an elasticsearch cluster in GCP?
What AWS resources are applicable to each action?
Multiple Logstash Pipelines outputting into same index
How to monitor a micro-service oriented solution?
PiHole on LXC, forwarding port 53
How to update nodejs on Jenkins master node
Trying to execute an appcmd command via Ansible
How to get kubernetes pod network CIDR
Is openstack public cloud like Google drive, aws where we can store data?? Or something else?
OpenVPN - routing public domain over tunnel?
I trying on Windows 10, Trying to connect / login to work interactively on container but I'm getting this kind of error
AWS CloudFormation Fn::If parameter equals
Entering to docker container of my elasticsearch google kubernetes pod - CONTAINER ID is changing
Terraform | AWS | vpc_id causing apply to fail
How to access URL in virtual machine from browser in host
What are the tools you recommend for deploying / automating / organizing vm in the private cloud
Recommended JFrog Artifactory Layout setup for Maven Projects
How does Django deployments happen on Servers?
What is the future of DevOps in the age of serverless?
Ansible how to know what return value is provided by a specific module
VSTS Azure for DevOps: Unit test checking mechanism on pull request
Docker DNSRR and windows ping
Ansible How to use plugin parameter
Is there any way to get New Relic or PagerDuty to not alert during nightly maintenance?
Multiple Application in single SSL 443 server NGINX
No Checkbox to" Restart Jenkins when installation is complete".Unable to restart Jenkins post plugin download
AWS API gateway call to multiple lambda functions possible?
container on same network with host
Should developer wait for CI pipeline to complete or start next task after pushing
In Azure Devops and TFS, is it possible to create a build artifact and release definition in a different collection than the original code repository?
Transfer files and execute commands from jenkins scripted pipeline to AWS instance
Deploy helm chart from Jenkins to Kubernetes
Automatic Kubernetes deployments per Github pull-request
Chef remote_file set maximum number of re-directions to zero
How to automatically remove k8s namespaces every week?
Pod's state "pod has unbound immediate PersistentVolumeClaims" when deploy Jenkins with Helm chart
Jenkins plugin recomendation
How to automate a work-flow in the cloud?
Dockerfile: How can I input an enter when in interactive .sh installer?
Can I change the mount path and port number of a built container?
Nginx will not compile after openssl upgrade to 1.1.1
echo colon to file in cloud-init
Bash Tokenization Errors on Jenkins JNLP Slave
ucp-reconcile container exited with status code:
Github Branch Remote Tracking Issue
How to keep original and new repositories in sync during a migration? (including the commit history)
How do I set up a Prometheus rule to routinely scrape an HTTP endpoint?
How to get list of env variables from the root folder to jenkins job?
Need help with massaging data from ansible modules
Azure DevOps/Pipelines seed job equivalent?
Terraform functions
How much I will pay for AWS spot: my bid or current spot price?
Jenkins - IBM UrbanCode - AWS & Azure cloud
Additional push event syncing between Artifactory instances
Archiving artifacts after build stage
How do we create credentials for Docker Hub?
How to deploy to Appengine standard from gitlab CI?
Terraform - aws_security_group_rule doesn't support import
gcloud Kubernetes API - Can't scale over 25 RPS, or how to find a bottleneck
Jenkins: What is a build?
In Docker, is there any advantage or disadvantage in using 'CMD cmd1 && cmd2' versus 'CMD cmd1 && exec cmd2'?
Specifying branch name for jenkins job through AnyStatus
Can I check whether ansible is on last batch of rolling update (serial: 25%)?
Trying to make job working AWS MediaConvert (ERROR 1040)
Artefacts, pipeline operation and SAP
Failing at multi-command ReadinessProbe that I feel should work
Define views in Jenkins Multibranch pipeline jobs
Harbor registry installation/upgrade
Is there a way to find out every resource that calls a lambda?
How to deal with untested features in the develop branch before deployment?
Can Ansible use a local repository?
Understanding AWS GuardDuty NetworkPortUnusual findings
Do I need UCP layer 7 routing or can I configure this with nginx?
What is Amazon's Borg?
In a Dockerfile, is there a way to avoid copying files to make them accessible to the RUN command?
How to setup multiple build environments in Azure DevOps/TFS2018?
M2 Repo contents is not available in artifactory server
How can we get the jenkins console output in a text file?
How to set ping response of AWS ec2 instance?
How to Allow AWS S3 Access From only Specific IPs
How to split traffic in Google AppEngine for specific IP addresses
declaratively mount a service account secret in OpenShift
azure activity log, how to find releases
Read webhook payload in Gitlab CI
How to Block Traffic From a Single IP in AWS
Flow for Confluent Plugins on Kubernetes
How to handle Webhook Endpoint that is behind an OAuth Redirect?
Saltstack Jinja template pillar merge
How can I eliminate the need for an Ansible control machine?
If we are using containers do we still need to worry about configuration management at an infrastructure level?
How to securely distribute and use Nexus credentials?
What does implementing Hashicorp Vault mean in practice?
Is there somebody who has deployed Hashicorp Vault and what are your experiences?
elastic on k8s. What do you suggest?
What are equivalents to NPM's license-checker in Java?
Docker machine connection with https
PHP-FPM with Nginx in different containers (share init.d response between)
Is there a good standard to follow when choosing a service mesh for your microservice application?
If we are using Kubernetes do we need to implement HA on both the infrastructure and application level?
How to define variable in Jenkins scripted pipeline
How to build docker image from git repository with root context and Dockerfile inside a subdirectory
How to define global variables in groovy file, which I want to load and consume?
Jenkins Dockerfile declarative pipelines: getting the built image tag
Install MDB2 in docker container while PEAR is down
How to ingest and iterate Network ACLs in Terraform
Golang, Jenkins and Kuberentes | Readiness probe failed on health check
Deploy to GKE from CI server outside of cluster
Chef14 Load a provider in a recipe Chef::Provider::DeployKeyGithub
Simulating keep-alive between HA-Proxy instances with interrupted connection
How to create a MariaDB/MySQL image using utf8 instead of the default latin1 charset?
How to kill all Docker containers based on a given image?
Docker Containers fails to DNS resolve on subnet 10.0.2.0/24
Chef - assign a value to variable in execution or converge phase
Does AWS Amazon Certificate Manager Generate Client certificates for Customer (3rd Party Clients)
Does AWS Cognito support Mutual certificate-based TLS to third-parties
Jenkins: mercurial scm: clean=false is not working as expected
How to make Terraform Modules wait for resources to be created in place of using computed values
Hygieia - How to change port value in UI
In simple terms, what is the advantage of a Virtual Kubelet?
Pack and move kubernetes to a different host
Build solution via cmake with VS2017 c++ 141 and tool set SDK 8.1
Kubernetes: How to tell on which node a local storage PV has been created on
Provisioning & Configuring VM on Azure
How to filter ELB logs by today's date?
Can I use the Jenkins Rest API with user input?
Docker stack deploy doesn't pull images
How to list the containers attached to a given user-defined network?
Is containerized deployment of jenkins on ECS better than running jenkins inside EC2 instance to secure pipeline information?
What are the benefits of spreading the various services of a multi-tiers application over several user-define bridges?
How to tar a specific folder from git repo using Jenkins pipeline?
How to restrict only one parameter in jenkins pipeline
Selective Deployment Strategy for Salesforce Project
Impact on policy after deleting IAM user
Blackbox testing vs openbox testing applications in a containerized environment
How to attach two (or more) networks to a container so they are available when the container starts?
Has `docker-compose` to be phased out in favor of `docker stack`?
Why `docker stack` needs Docker to run in swarm mode? What are the implications when working on a single node?
Github rest api post label gives error for array input
etcd cluster is unavailable or misconfigured (kubernetes multi-master)
What are the differences between application virtualization, emulation layer, and container virtualization?
CIS Benchmark for Docker and Docker Bench for Security: why, how and when?
AWS golang SDK get configuration variables
Access denied when pulling private registry image using helm with gitlab runner helm chart and ci job
Very slow network when serve container content via Nginx after published Docker port
Should development tools be installed on the host or in an environment standardized at project level?
How to raise awareness about the security risk involved with running Docker?
How to override the user for ECS task via CLI?
How to structure a IaC for production, and development?
Troubles with mapping ports on a very simple Docker container
Using volumes on AWS fargate
kitchen verify hangs on centOS, but not Debian
Coding conventions for docker-compose files?
How to create replicas in docker-compose when `scale` is deprecated?
Dockerfile parse error line 5: unknown instruction: -ESSENTIAL
What is the duration for the App Engine task queue tombstones?
Any suggestion for a provider to deploy a first Dockerized application?
How do I use docker command's "--format" option?
Does Prometheus expose the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler's "Current CPU Utilization" as shown in the Kubernetes dashboard?
Scaling services but varying the individual container configuration
When would I use docker-compose's "--service-ports" flag?
Access resources on local network from within K8s pod
How to configure Dedicated IPs for specific SES domain?
Dockerized MySql slower in Wifi than ethernet
Does Jenkins job create Jenkinsfile? On execution
What setting to use for jenkins tunnel?
How can I issue a Let's Encrypt certificate with Ansible when 'challenge_data' cannot be found?
Practical reasons for 200 limit of AWS resources in CF templates
Exclude sub .vcxproj from .sln when using Azure pipelines CI tool
How to re-enable RDP on AWS-EC2 instance
How to deploy a ZIP or WAR equivalent (built locally via npm)?
How to setup Azure DevOps Pipelines and Releases with multiple apps
Tomcat Restart from jenkins
On which interface/ip should docker containers communicate?
Connecting GitHub to Jenkins running on docker toolbox
Maven dependencies that are downloaded not available in JFrog Artifactory server
How to define a salt variable with two or more inputs from Jenkins parameter?
Docker image two-steps build
Is there an elegant way to use a Dockerfile argument to tag an image?
Azure Pipelines with Bitbucket "unresolved user"
Keeping graphs of terminated Kubernetes pods in Prometheus/Grafana
branch restrictions in bitbucket
Application monitoring on cloud foundry
docker-compose.yml - make network name configurable via environment variable
Auto-scaling, how to securely get code from private repo
Jenkins is running as a docker image in a kubernetes cluster and won't come up due to plugin version incompatibility
Recommended SVN branching strategy for DevOps
Need to list out scenarios in which roll back is required on PROD server
node js deployment on production server
Can we talk about "reproducible builds" when working with interpreted languages?
How to pass HashiCorp Vault secrets(k/v passwords) to Terraform EC2 instance
Is there a way to know which files have changed in a docker container compared to its base image?
Listing filesystem differences between a Docker image and one of its ancestors
Is there an alternative to setting up the whole project workspace in a Jenkinsfile
ansible aws windows ec2 - Internal Error: this connection module does not support running commands via sudo
Is K8S dashboard recommended for production ready server?
Is there any motivation to achieve SixSigma or similar in DevOps?
Next "big thing" in the virtual infrustucture?
How to run multiple containers with port expose
How to move a containerized application to a different host?
Nginx ingress controller failed to run
GuardDuty Default severities are they static values
Jenkins can't run Ansible playbook
Jenkins: Gradle daemon closes unexpectedly
How can I achieve better load balancing of different systems on a Jenkins?
Rollup status from task to story to feature in Azure Devops?
Understand GitLab CI/CD better
Puppet Razor broker installation is failing post to OS installation
Maintaining Jenkins configuration with docker
Chef vs Ansible: will configuration be applied if connection is lost during configuration pulling/pushing?
Can someone explain what a â€œsystem engineer practicing DevOpsâ€ means?
How to add LDAP group for ssh access by ansible playbook?
Is "running several Linux distributions on the same host" a good justification for container adoption?
Best practice for installing new jenkins server
Do I need an orchestration tool to autoscale/scale on demand my web service?
How to have Ansible move a microservice?
Where do I save docker-compose files of a swarm?
Why is build size such a concern?
How to stop jenkins trigger the build by pushing code to repo
How do you limit access to the production environment in the company you work for?
How can I check for an installed packaged version on multiple linux hosts?
jenkins-x with "jx" installer: enforce https instead of http
Code splitting practice using CDN
How to build windows image on azure dev ops hosted agent
Cancel sibling snapshot dependency on failure
Looking for Ansible equivalent method to yml Anchors, Aliases, when using include file
Change Jenkins' port to 80
How to stop a container dying at the end of an execution?
With containers & ECS -> do I need tools like puppet?
Are AWS Boto3 calls asynchronous?
How to execute an external command in Cloud Custodian (c7n)?
TravisCI did not run after adding more configuration to .travis.yml file
How to securely pass sensitive data to EC2 Spot instances?
Process auditing in containers
Which libraries generate observability metrics for applications in the cluster to prometheus?
How to install a chart's dependency using terraform?
Build an iPhone app created with React Native
How do you monitor status of multiple docker containers?
Multipatch review: How to integrate reviews on different repository in one jenkins job
Are microservices "cloud-ish medium-lived services"?
Jenkins parameters default to env variable?
Microsoft DevOps: build triggering vs release
Utilise AWS IoT on non-supported hardware
Interface from systemd-machined.service to container and VM managers
Regarding changing IP address configured in xml files of JENKINS_HOME directory based on container IP address
kubernetes - load balancing where ressources are available
Why `docker diff` does not see some file changes?
Helm install or upgrade release failed on Kubernetes cluster: the server could not find the requested resource or UPGRADE FAILED: no deployed releases
Looping through found files in Ansible
Where is it said I can safely the same local volume to multiple docker containers?
Prometheus alert CPUThrottlingHigh raised but monitoring does not show it
Ingress or LoadBalancer on AKS
How to make Load balancer to wait for custom program to finish running?
What is the difference between Container Engine Software and Container Management Software
How to create AWS shared logging with SAML federated identities?
Is it necessary to specify resource in S3 Bucket Policies?
Which S3 buckets is Lambda allowed to read code from?
What is the cheapest way to get CI for a Qt project?
Seeking help configuring Jenkins MSBuild plugin
Kubernetes on k3s can't resolve domains from custom dns server (fritz.box with dnsmasq)
Working with ConfigSets in AWS::CloudFormation::Init
Secure Jenkins X on kubernetes
Send logs to logstash from another swarm stack
How to use ecs service dicovery
Can Terraform S3 remote state be kept in a different AWS account?
Jenkins - Scripted Pipeline - Input String
unable to save register value even if the play is skipped!
How can I test native macOS UI software in a container before deployment?
Every jenkins build shows error: ln builds/lastSuccessfulBuild /root/.jenkins/jobs/Build/lastSuccessful failed
Organizing the build steps on AzureDevOps
How to completely replace master with another branch in TFS Azure Devops
How to avoiding the clone of jobs such that existing configuration can be reused for new releases and bringing in optimal usage of Jenkins?
KeyCloak, PrivacyIdea and Email Gateway
How do i specify the path of a Dockerfile using Blue Ocean
How to assign saltstack pillar values from Jenkins comma separated input parameters?
Installing Helm charts using Terraform
WorkItem Tracking error when performing clone operation in Azure Devops
What is the difference between dockerd and com.docker.service in Docker for Windows?
What are some effective questions to ask someone who is considering me as their DevOps person?
What are your companies policies for S3 data durability?
How to run a Windows container inside Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL)?
Terraform: Provide credentials for docker hub registry
How should CI/CD deploy to production environment - copy artifacts or git pull from the server?
Nginx routing setup within Docker container, request timing out with 502
What options are available to report the build status of Jenkins Multi Pipeline's first branch build on k8s to bitbucket-cloud?
In jenkins, how to re-run old builds of a job?
Jenkins SSH connection on remote server immediately closes after login
One Jenkinsfile or multiple?
Terraform - referencing existing security group
Terraform get variable from Vault
Multiple levels of parallel stages in a Jenkins declarative pipeline
What is a secure way for storing AWS IAM credentials?
Docker disk space required using over 100 gigs
How to to access one cluster from the other one in the kubernetes on the google cloud?
What are the best practices of merging dev to master?
git - develop base and extended feature - commits in base should reflect in extended in pull
shell script to pass values properties file in java
Google Cloud Registry and multiple projects
How to use shared runner (dind) for build stage and runner with shell executor on my server for deploy stage?
How to avoid build scripts duplication
Can anyone explain what is happening in an Azure Devops build and release in more detail?
How to differentiate logs on the Error Reporting in the GCloud?
compiled opencv copy to another host
What strategies exist to transition DB Migrations with Stored Procedures to Continuous Delivery?
replacing values in shell script using sed
Accessing External REST api From Wthin Kubernetes Cluster
TravisCI build continues to fail even after changing alpine version
How to manage 10+ team environments with Helm and Kubernetes?
Remote Maven build server
Can't reach by REST API one site from another which are both on the same docker container
How to run mongoconnetor in kubernetes
How can I change Docker Image Repo Path in Docker Registry?
running a phpUnit test within a docker container
Running a rollback pipeline on abort in Jenkins?
Which option do I select for Security Group Source?
How to track number of connections of a Meteor app in Datadog
Copy multiple files using * wildcard from kubernetes container
Can't access docker container from outside
Programmatically scrape the latest version of Tomcat for an installation script
How can I access the console of a booting EC2 instance in AWS?
Using application config file kubernetes configmap for mongodb failed when pod is deployed
How do you write an SLO for a service when higher reliability is needed only during special events?
Trigger SaaS CI Build (i.e. CircleCI, AppVeyor or Travis) based upon a GitHub Release of a 3Ê³áµˆ Party Repository
Docker Hub to VPS
Azure Devops: Filter Test Projects in Nuget Build Pipeline
SRE Role at Google
How can I convince someone that 100% reliability is not the right target for anything?
error validating data: ValidationError(Deployment): unknown field "spec" in
How to segment Pods in firewall zones in bare metal Kubernetes?
Automate Helm's tiller installation with Terraform
How is Continuous Integration different from using git to integrate external code?
Ansible cloudformation vs cloudformation
Get parameters for all currently running builds of a jenkins job
ElasticSearch Regex Query
Best practice for Jenkins docker to deploy to other container
External access to internet from Kubernetes Pods
Is it allowed to remove mounted directory from inside Docker container?
CodeDeploy with blue-green, an ASG, AND more than one TG?
DevOps in research and science projects?
How react server will contact node server through private IP
How to use same Helm dependency in many charts?
How do you hide sensitive information held in variables on a docker-compose file
Manage private cloud resources via configuration files, what tools to use
App engine Flexible environment - Readiness check not working properly
Unable to validate certificate chain: cert.pem in Zimbra mail server
Create MariaDB/MySQL HA Cluster on Kubernetes using master-master replication
Cleanest way to prematurely exit a jenkins pipeline from inside a withEnv
Config S3 in Halyard
Kubernetes ServiceAccount token rotation
Assign bug from different repo when creating a pull request
How to secure persistent user data with docker on client location?
How to use port 5433 with Azure managed postgres
Structuring Ansible playbooks for low volume, purpose-built images
How to I get a TFS CI Build to Bastion Host?
What is DOCKER_CONTENT_TRUST flag?
Getting rid of redundant Ansible roles
POST larger than 400 Kilobytes payload to a container in Kubernetes fails
Issues creating Lambda functions and stepfunctions
GoCD build on VSTS pull request to develop
No space left on device when running job on photon-os
How trigger a build by a commit in a branch prefix?
Override Ansible task parameters from role
How to connect to host during a Docker build?
Cross account access from ec2 to other accounts
Ansible authorized copy from remote source to remote destination
Elastic Beanstalk give error Root Object doesn't exist in Jenkins
Is FaaS required to have an official "Cloud"?
Lambda function not being invoked by SNS topic | Step Functions
Vagrantfile order of execution problem
Jenkins Shared lib not working properly
How to choose appropriate number of replica sets for kubernetes
How does an &&, || work with jenkins pipeline groovy?
Is there a [ci skip] option in GitLab CI?
Get vars in Jenkins Pipeline
Possible to preferably route incoming traffic to local task(s)/container(s) on worker in a swarm cluster?
How do I create a Docker container which just waits to be shelled into?
Can GitHub Enterprise listen to JIRA Webhooks?
How should I deploy my projects using Docker, Git and VPS?
Will google cloud take money from me in this situation?
jenkins pipeline parameters grouping
Python Script in Jenkins
AWS instance store volume - Create volume when instance is stopped/started thru SystemD(centos)
TeamCity HTTP Request in the context of Kotlin DSL
Terraform Elastic Beanstalk managing provisioned EC2 resources
Docker image labels in fargate are not applied to containers
Load Balancing of Jenkins Nodes without Load Balancing Plugin?
How do I automate the process of pulling the latest code and restarting a service on git push?
Ansible: Copying different files to different guests for use with the same role
TFS Back-up Notifications
ansible does not play roles and tasks
Can I configure a swarm node to automatically pull latest images and restart containers?
Trying to install MySQL on Docker
Is there an exporter that monitors traffic for virtual hosts in Prometheus?
In Azure Devops, is it possible to pass an argument that is variable on the source environment?
Docker - Mount a volume from a container to an other (equivalent volumes_from) in docker-compose 3
Can I contact another service during the build phase of docker-compose?
Building ASP.NET core app with dockerfile in Jenkins
Best Practice Authenticating Jenkins to Bitbucket to Access Team Repository
Virtual Switching Sanity Check - BGP
Cloudwatch alert for any new resource provisionin
How to include releases of some repo in another GitHub repo?
what is better between Jenkins & AWS CodeDeploy for CI/CD
Packer and compressed ISO images
How to shrink k8s node pool (GKE) and underlying stateful set in an orderly way
How to deploy my Express/React app to server with docker-compose and Dockerfiles
How can I automatically tag master branch after pull request has been rebased and merge on github?
Securing communication between cloud VMs without private networks. Any strategy besides building own VPN? Spiped?
Why label k8s deployment?
How to create a load balancer for a one click deployment vm instance (e.g. LAMP stack)
How to run/deploy devilbox (Docker image) docker-compose on GCP without a Dockerfile?
Validating release artifact provinence
Is there an equivilent of a Kubernetes ingress for Docker Compose?
How to deploy Node app via Jenkins to Ubuntu(18.04)?
How to connect to a server tunneling through multiple servers using Winscp?
Why is IF failing with satl state file from Jenkins?
How to install Jenkins X platform on Kubernetes
Kubernetes multi cloud
Is OpenStack the same type of software as Azure, AWS, etc.?
Jenkins fails to start after restart because of google login plugin had an exception
Get Ansible to print lines for include_role(s)
Can Load Shared Libraries in Jenkins But Not Able to Create New Objects
Lambda Billed Duration is taking more time
Overview of Gitlab CI/CD process for multi-project SOA application. Releasing and Versioning
Code review with GitLab?
compute a default value with helm
Where to get the --generic-ssh-key for the docker-machine create --driver generic command?
Serverless framework: how to specify a c++ lambda function with provided deployment package
What does the RAILS_ENV environment variable do in Ruby on Rails?
Error with declaring volumes in Docker-compose, 'no such file or directory, open '/app/package.json'
i have questions about docker-compose
Using HTTPs in application vs reverse proxy
AWS lambda: works locally but fails in deplyment
Find appropriate AWS policy
TFS Service hook should not fire when work item is updated via REST API
DevOps Newbie - How to automate windows infrastructure deployment?
Unable to run playbooks using Ansible best practices layout
AWS Automation Document Run Steps Against Different Servers Targeted By Tag
Create a Cronjob in Spinnaker
How to do CD when developing a CMS with multiple installations
Gitlab - Is there any reason not to default enable 'Allow Users to Request Access' for Projects?
Why does Docker fail to start on AWS ECS instances. ECS stateful instance fails initialization. ECS stateful instance doesn't join the ECS cluster
How to add customer headers to Openshift Web Console HTTP responses?
Docker not exposing port on mojave mac
Installing azcopy in Gitlab Runner (Alpine Linux)
Can I keep a container started with --rm option?
passing args to shell module in Ansible adhoc command
Environment variables inside the container during use "exec"
File not uploading properly in Azure using Postman
Web dashboard with customizable actions (handles, levers, actionable buttons)
How do I make NFS volumes reliable in Docker?
Understanding Vagrant virtual machine import
Update ECS task definition with new image from ECR
Optimally handling async requests
Is it possible to locate the temp keypair generated by Packer?
Configuration Management Tools and Rollbacks / Approaching Immutable Infrastructure
Container unable to connect to external Oracle DB only on specific host!
How do you monitor status and view logs for multiple distributed java applications at a centralized place?
Persisting data in docker context
chromdriver issue docker and ruby on rails with selenium/standalone-chrome-debug
Terraform - failing download modules in too long paths
Using password protected ssh keys
What are the levels of monitoring and their importance?
Docker Hub Build triggers with POST URL
Which system user should I use to run Postgres?
how to install docker-php-ext-install mssql
GitHub and Travis integration broke down for a branch
How do I get the hosts from a specific section of an Ansible `hosts` file in a Jinja2 Template
How to use stored certificate in Jenkins declarative pipeline?
How does Joyent ContainerPilot stand vs Kubernetes?
Testing R package on Travis fails because of TeXLive incompatible versions
Travis tests for R package fail with little explanation
AWS Offsite or cross-account RDS (mysql) backups
How do -dev apk packages differ on Alpine for the purposes of creating docker images?
How to query all resources of specific type in terraform?
Connect two PCs to Azure vnet then RDP from one to the other
Docker Node.js Error: Cannot find module
Download Google Cloud Bucket as a file (zip)
Is there any Selenium-like software for executables?
use different kubectl configs in different terminal sessions
Pre-install Jenkins plugins using Docker image
AWS CodePipeline with Artifactory
Transferring Azure subscription to another account
Set environment variables then run script in Jenkins Scripted Pipeline
how to run an Ansible command for specific number of hosts
How to trigger Jenkins Pipeline by push in specific branch in Bitbucket?
helm - cannot get resource "namespaces" in API group
how to give a user privilege to run Ansible commands or just an specific tag?
Docker NGINX issue -- unable to edit nginx.conf
Deis Workflow Alternative
Azure virtual machine stalls in R due to parallel package
How to approach dynamic environments per Git feature branch workflow?
Kubernetes scheduler trying to assign pods to node that no longer exists
jar file is not displaying in docker container
Jenkins constantly loses build history
Ansible playbook fails with: no test named 'success'
Problems mounting GlusterFS when starting up pod (in Kubernetes)
Gitflow with pull request or pull request
Is there a way to acquire metadata about an Amazon RDS database instance using only SQL?
Is there a DevOps methodology aimed towards academia and students?
Jenkins run build in docker on server (withDockerServer not working)
Preventing accidental production deployments
Is there a way to map ports two docker container
What is the parent linux image of golang:1.7
How to make PM2 as a autostart service?
Can not run Ansible command with another user
Jenkins pipeline lock resources
redirect all of commands output in a file on ansible server
How to keep previous containers on docker-compose up?
Restart service in a docker container
How to pull beats from logstash?
What options are available to get a value that is associated to a key in yaml?
Why is "service fabric mesh" the largest single cost item in my Azure subscription while I am not aware I am using that service?
Jenkins Tool vs Slave local tool
Automatically write new bash history to change-log file
Scheduling Selenium Tasks
What package manager does the gitlab docker CI image use?
Auto Deploy after push to git
Authentication in Azure Point-to-site VPN
Hide a custom field from work item layout and set its default value
Does Docker Swarm have anything comparable to StatefulSets?
Build custom Linux distro ISOs with Docker?
Construct kube/config for kubectl from ca.crt, namespace, serviceAccount token in the pod
How to run a build from a specific old tag in gitlab ci?
Ansible to check version of software on remote hosts before install/upgrade
CI/CD pipelines Azure devops automatic merge after deploy release
Performance test - simulate multiple users activity through RobotFramework on AWS
How to launch a docker container from within a GitLab Shell runner?
ElasticBeanstalk - best way to keep EC2 instances stopped at specific time frames?
How to remove the --config ***** option on Jenkins with mercurial plugin?
How to automate the process of patching Jenkins Slave instances in AWS
ASP.NET Core appsettings.json secrets values transformation per environment using Gitlab
Inspecting UDP GELF traffic with tshark
How to write a dynamic declarative pipeline that contains sequential job inside parallel job
How to solve 'upstream connect error or disconnect/reset before headers. reset reason: connection termination' in Istio?
AWS Site crashes every few hours
What are sources for configuration management best practices?
How to have kubernetes (re)build containers on deployment similar to openshifts ImageStream
Why can I connect to my docker socket.io server with http but not directly to the socket?
Automated testing of machines built using Vagrant+Ansible
Why etcd wouldn't scale down when nodes lost in the cluster
How to use in Chef different attributes values for different nodes
connect_write timeout - Fluentbit (Processor), Fluentd (Aggregator) and Elasticsearch in Kubernetes
Why is Prometheus not a good choice for data with high cardinality?
Docker-compose for tomcat, nginx and node webapp does not connect to backend
How do you monitor and alert on thrashing containers?
Terraform aws_ecr_repository resource always attempts to destroy
Install and configure libreoffice online docker image on ubuntu 16
Ansible, use restrictive file perms if vault secrets in file
How do i configure my docker services to communicate with one another in a swarm?
Ansible - stop when host is success, exit with IP
What is the lowest meaningful boundary for time required for Ubuntu network installation?
Unable to create container after installing mysql and phpmyadmin | Ubuntu
How to access VSTS (Azure DevOps) Service Endpoint through PowerShell?
Why many companies prefer Jenkins than Aws CodePipeline?
How to send Rocket.Chat notifications when Concourse jobs fail
run ansible command as another user using their ssh key
Artifacts mentioned in secondary-artifacts section not getting uploaded to s3 bucket
How to add status flags or manual steps to CI/CD process with GitLab Pipelines
Spot block vs reserved instances
Jenkins plugin site to ignore certificates
Host a docker registry native
Increase Kubernetes Nginx Ingress limits for large images in Docker registry
Failed to start Container after reboot
Interacting with a Trident container (NetApp) via CLI within a Openshift/Kubernetes cluster?
Azure DevOps extract unique visitors
What does 1 vcpu mean precisely/exactly?
Is there any way of getting code coverage with molecule?
What artifact managers are available in GCP?
How to keep polling GitHub repository and get commits by it's messages on a regular interval using Jenkins?
Make container start if docker daemon or host system is restarted
How to perform low-level inspecting of a Docker network traffic?
How to override default aws region credentials for Terraform?
Kubernetes metric or command to show liveness delay time (app startup time)
Reset time vs alerting window size in alerting strategies for SLOs
LAMP in docker must be multiple containers or one?
How can I expose port 3389 using a secure approach
Using the terraform github provider on an existing github organization
Scanning CoreOS for CVEs
Add mapping ip and host into /etc/hosts with docker
limit prometheus alert to kubernetes nodes of a specific label
How to integrate firebase functions into devops pipeline
Jenkins Pipeline milestone unexpected behavior
How to download a VM image from GCP?
GCE metadata not defined on Travis CI
Google Cloud search resources in organizations
What is the difference between RUN and CMD in a Dockerfile?
Why isn't my S3 Cross Region Replication working for some files?
GitHub Payload in Jenkins
Deploying Anchore to Kubernetes Cluster using Helm
Building a CI/CD pipeline on GCP
How to get dependency from file share in Azure DevOps pipeline
What is the optimal size of a Jenkins Pipeline Stage?
How to downgrade Jinja for Ansible?
WebPack 4 command hangs when deploying to GAE (Google App Engine Flexible)
Update Service Hooks in TFS2015 through Jenkins Job
Mounting ssh keys on ephemeral container from a Windows host
Kubeadm ignores podSubnet from configfile
No swap limit support - docker engine
git deploy to specific Azure app service slot
Certbot installation fails inside Docker
Set global repository access to GitLab via GitLab connections and Gitlab OAuth
How to cache node_modules folder when using Jenkins Multibranch Pipeline
Can't get P3 spot instance on AWS
Can we reuse Variables across variable groups in Azure DevOps?
Deploying a pod per REST request?
How to get Github username variable in Azure DevOps build pipeline?
AWS IAM policy and reduce access to only the latest services used
Jenkins Webhook Management
Ansible equivalent of below sed command
Azure DevOps Service Connecion does not exist or has not been authorized for use
How to scale the control plane of a service mesh?
Block binaries from Git
Deploy desktop application in Azure DevOps
GitLab CI/CD job without pulling LFS files?
Does K8s ClusterIP service supports custom timeout?
Docker fails to mount volume inside Jenkins scripted pipeline
Equivalent of GitLab's "before_script" for Jenkins?
How to manage the database in an environment per branch, creating a new instance per branch is the best approach?
Using the builded binary of a docker image in another docker image
Terraform: Route53, LB and CDN interdependencies
Terraform | The "count" object can be used only in "resource" and "data" blocks,
How do I specify a database name for a SQL DB Deploy task?
Accessing Azure Cosmos from P2S VPN into Azure
Issues trying to run multiple php-fpm containers for different environments for the same application behind a traefik proxy
Why is docker container recreated
Task to delete users without mount points in /home (using register and when)
Harbor replication to docker.io
What is the advantage of using Prometheus over ingesting metrics using logs?
How to build asp core 2.2 linux image on Hosted Windows 2019 with VS2019?
kubernetes - custom downscale stabilization delay per Horizontal Pod Autoscaler
Running Protractor tests in docker through teamcity
Giitea Webhook x509: certificate signed by unknown authority
Why Docker cant launch container?
Jenkins Kubernetes agent: multiple containers on dynamic agent pod - jnlp connection refused
What is the most common server permission policy for web application deployment?
Video Wall Benefits and Considerations
View logrotated log continuously
Commit messages from Submodules to Jenkins Change Log
How to forcibly remove the resource created by the broken module?
How can we automatically transition Epic Jiras based on the transitions of underlying Jiras?
How to manage volumes correctly with CI/CD workflow with nginx and laravel
How to trim spaces for parameter value in jenkins pipeline?
Unable to parse YAML: mapping values are not allowed here
kubernetes service's dns not resolved inside cluster
How can I install Jenkins on Azure?
Jfrog Xray API - dependency graph
Google Container Registry giving 'Access Denied' when trying to push Docker container
Resource Group Deployment never ends
Using Amazon VPC provided DNS trough AWS Site-to-Site VPN
CI platforms versus simple git hooks
What options are available to encrypt the content of git repositories?
CloudWatch Math queue size diff (processed count) 5 min average
Build one time, deploy multiple times. How does this apply to configuration?
How to enable "Detect Drift" feature in AWS Cloudformation through the Cloudformation Templates or other Automation process?
Jenkins: Managing Multiple Environment Configuration and Deployments
How to get into an App Container Manually with Garden-RunC Backend
Docker COPY symlinks on windows replaces slashes to backslashes
Docker ps shows a container that doesn't exist anymore
How to configure Helm Feed on octopus deploy
What are best practices for setting SLOs for a new service?
Jenkins won't substitute variables when trying to check out from perforce
Store named volumes on another drive
Purchased AWS reserved instance in wrong region
Hook execution failed Net::ReadTimeout when trying to clone a repository
Jenkins pipeline: do "Declarative: Checkout SCM" step only
Ruby and Rest service in Docker
kubernetes statefulset - communicate addresses of other pods when pod launches?
Facing issue while using â€œPublish Over CIFS Pluginâ€ jenkins plugin?
Amazon S3 bucket does not redirect folder URLs to index.html
Distributed git directory shared between directories, but with different branch on each directory
Managing Custom Maven Dependencies in JFrog
Iterating through multiple list variables within a dynamic block in Terraform .12
Ansible nested playbooks with variables
Ansible: Exclude a parameter if variable is not set
Install docker on Windows Server 2016 fails due to SHA256
Accessing TPM from inside a Docker Container
Load Balancers with different droplets
Azure SQL Server Configuration Management
Service account permissions error when provisioning instance group from template
Remove members from Google bucket policy
How can I 'aws s3 sync' two buckets, which are located in different accounts
Python Azure Function using docker stopped working displaying error
How to determine mappings between Azure VMs and Azure storage accounts
What is the performance different running docker on Windows versus Linux?
"Error: forwarding ports: Upgrade request required" Error in helm of a kubernetes cluster
"NetworkPlugin cni failed to set up pod" error when deploying Pod, while Deployment work
How to configure bitbucket pipeline and deploy to alibaba clouds
Performance testing as part of Behat browser testing for Drupal in Drone CI
Docker instance of Gitlab EE Initial Configuration will not start
docker mysql container not running suddenly
Problem with build jenkins on Dokcer Container with Ubuntu
Jenkinsfile for monorepo & monobranch
Azure DevOps Server deleted builds don't free up space
Azure Security Center with Ubuntu 19
npm not found but installed from the shell script file in Dockerfile
Why do many pods fail to communicate with the master
Cloudfront for ELB, automatic redirection
Unit Test AWS Glue job in CodePipeline
packer vsphere-template error uploading virtual machine
How to view statistics on code churn per developer and commit data using Power BI?
Proper way to setup multiple Apache web-servers behind a load-balancer?
How to get GitLab on the cloud to run command with alias specified in the Dockerfile?
Why does logstash not output to the correct elasticsearch index with date?
Volumes Not Mounting with Docker-Compose
Permission denied connecting to Docker daemon socket under Jenkins with Kubernetes Plugin
Limit on Jenkins for 1. Builds per hour OR 2. Number of uploads per hour on Nexus from Jenkins
docker-letsencrypt-nginx-proxy-companion certs for non-docker servers
How to fail stack when EC2 spot is refused?
Kanban Board: customising number of fields displayed on the board items for individual user preference
How Build Retention Policy Works in VSTS/Azure DevOps Server 2019 using Build Definitions
Can "When" like keyword be used in scripted pipeline?
Jenkins Rerun Old Build with Specific Commit
Azure monitor and deployment slots
Traverse nested dictionary with keeping the keys in ansible
Docker container is running but when using curl not accessible
Alerts for instance replacement by EC2
What is the need of plugins in Jenkins (Sonarqube)
What is a reliable process for continuous load testing?
Gitlab + Kubernetes on GCE + DIND - how to get access to docker subsystem in the cluster?
Is a ReplicaSet pulling a fresh image at every spin up?
Are using TestContainers safe for integration tests?
Trigger a GitlabCI pipeline after it detects a change via a curl callback
How to pass Gitlab env var with sensitive characters to bash script?
Trigger cicd pipeline after merge request accept on master, Gitlab
Self-hosted alternatives to SonarQube?
Is it possible to mount an s3 bucket as a point in a docker container?
Azure ARM template limits - what is a template expression
Run Docker Containers without having a logged in User on Windows
Building .Net apps outside Docker?
Maintaining constant VM number over multiple datacenters
Artifactory - Open Source License Question
How to handle different credentials in continuous integration?
How can Bitbucket webhooks be invoked after they are deleted?
Which Users Should I Create With Terraform And Which With Ansible?
copy contents of file on ansible server to another file on remote servers
Unable to import pyodbc in an Azure function
How to resolve the host operating system 'localhost' address from within a container?
Conditionally stopping SQL replication during deployment
Running services on different ports in development environment and production environment
Azure DevOps and private Docker registry
TeamCity web interface not accessible on Chrome
kube-controller-manager unable to communicate with etcd
Where do I start learning DevOps?
Custom metric for a Windows process on a Windows ec2 instance
Kubernetes UDP Ingress options
run docker-compose in context of other directory (docker-compose.yml is in other directory)
How do I configure Jenkins to trigger on a pull request based on the Git branch's name?
Puppet cannot find epp template
How to make sure the storage of an AWS isn't accessible without a private ssh key?
Acquiring the names of docker containers when microservices register to the Eureka server
Automated docker builds with private bitbucket server
What networking tool can help me install windows on all linux machines simultaneously?
Docker on Windows: Write directly to host's EventLog?
GIT Monorepo with enterprise Jenkins
Get available CIDRs from existing VPC
Command returns 0.0.0.0 for IP but only for leader
When setting up HashiCorp Vault in HA mode, is it normal that you have to unseal each Vault node?
What are some reasons for using an Ansible role for Certbot vs. Ansible's native `acme_certificate` module?
Git-based CI/CD Pipeline for Monorepo
Sending Exceptions to Elastic Stack via REST
reboot server during Ansible tasks
What is the correct regulair expression to only show master builds on a Jenkins multibranch monitor?
Confluent: Schema registry terminated ( logs inside )
Git Remote Access in Azure Pipelines, possible?
Expanding recipes via the Chef REST API
Migrating from TFVS to GIT using GIT-TFS
s3 static hosting not redirecting my request
Rancher Pipeline: How to pass environment variables from one stage to another
How to use comments to trigger rebuilds of Bitbucket pull-requests on Jenkins multi-branch pipeline
Mobile CI: Versioning and Tracking Builds in JIRA
Installing Composer Fails in Azure
using copy module with wildcards
DeamonSet pods priority
What considerations should be taken into account for a good log file format?
Kubernetes local-path-provisioner with better readable paths instead of random ids on PVs
Persistent storageClass for GitLab on Kubernetes
Ansible fetch all vars files from a directory to generate a combined vars file
Prevent misspelled variables passed to Ansible roles
Is scrum or kanban really useful for SRE teams?
Should developers and SREs use the same monitoring set up?
How do I trigger a job on rolling update in kubernetes
Can't connect to Nexus Docker repos with HTTPS connectors
Storing Code Signing Certificate
AWS API Gateway not transforming a path sent to Lambda
multiple projects per EC2 with Load Balancers
Aws autoscaling group in private subnet, private communication?
Debug Docker caching issues
Ansible on Ubuntu Core
How to manage Hashicorp Vault patching in AWS?
What is alert fatigue?
docker-compose environment variable which is not used is giving null(str) instead of None
How to list containers that are using redis/ubuntu image in Docker
Google cloud container running 40x slower then on aws
Restrict user logon in Jenkins
AWS Cloudformation GitHub to S3 Bucket Pipeline
Which AMI was my EC2 instance created from?
Not possible to ping or reach a container under its local IP
Dockerfile "ADD" equivalent for Packer
Container runtime Vs orchestrator
Docker Compose for Multicontainer WordPress
How to get Memory Usage from Windows Server 2012 R2 in OpenStack
Packer : write output per builder into separate log files
How to automatically update Docker containers in development?
Terraform destroys and creates new AWS resources
Infinite builds in Jenkins
Gitlab CI/CD fails to build docker image
CICD using jenkins which is installed in other machine
AWS beanstalk deployment policy
Problem with logging in docker when using fluentd for logging of three flask apps running in a docker network behind an nginx
High-level initialization/deployment options
how to probe all running aws ec2 instances and their sec groups, etc to generate templates
Multiple VPC with overlapping CIDR
Can a server used for GitLab runners be used as a deployment server?
How to add my own columns to Jenkin's Dashboard
cannot import OpenCV in a Docker container in Raspberry Pi
How to get the AWS Access key of an already created Access ID
How to clean up old images in docker registry with jenkins
Does Tomcat Realm + Redis support Cluster Environment?
Ansible - when statement task always return false value
Running COM object from Jenkins as a Windows service
Fluentd log shipment. Index assigning
Azure Service SLA Violation Report
Securely saving AZURE_STORAGE_KEY and storage account name in Linux systems
aws - Connect two private subnets?
Hacking attempts to our server - what does this code do?
Gitlab CI\CD Error: Failed to create container volume for /builds/root Unable to load image
Docker, binded volume track/log synching
Reducing number of lines in log file
Alternative to puppet "if defined(...)" that does not depend on evaluation order
Why does chown not work in RUN command in Docker?
xwiki (docker) installation on synology with 500 â€“ Internal Server Error
How do I run a SonarQube Google Cloud integration?
API Gateway - How Deploy API works?
How to parse command output (docker log) through goaccess?
Pushing code changes from Pipeline back to repo/branch, using Git!
Jira Server 8.3 + PagerDuty
Why docker define invalid IP address of service?
Passing arguments to the same container that admits two different arguments in jar file to docker-compose.yml
Pushing to bitbucket from within container using ssh in Jenkins declarative pipeline
Jenkins Email notification for multiple builds
How do multi-cloud organizations handle DNS public zones?
Scale number of pods in OpenShift from oc command line
Prevent replay of old builds
Execute a step after an approval step, using "Promoted Builds Plugin"
How to make an AWS S3 bucket accessible over HTTP?
IOS_Command Module - Delayed Prompt Issue (Cisco 3850 - IOS XE)
Azure Standard Load Balancer HTTP Probe timeout
How do I get more control over the NodePorts my Service assigns to my Deployment?
Ansible ec2_vpc_net and ec2_vpc_subnet - where to set subnet default public ip
Migrating from TFS 2015 to DevOps Server 2019
How to calculate burn rate for SLOs
Route53 Routing Policies - Best Policy for US-based Ecommerce?
Is it possible to pass environment variables to multibranch pipeline job in a time of generating it via DSL?
Why access is denied by GitHub when docker-compose is run to start docker containers?
CI pipelines, concurrency and build results possibly overwriting each-other
How to avoid a high number of requests for avoiding Amazon AWS EC2 instance AutoScalin?
GitLab test reports are failing on xml parsing
Kernel random numbers generator fails on VMWare in a Debian VM - "Cannot find a hardware RNG device to use"
Restore Github organization account
Waiting for privilege escalation prompt
Can/should I use Jenkins to monitor whether a website is up and send out an email if it's down?
Terraform | Upgrade to 0.12 error Reference to "count" in non-counted context
Travis CI R CMD check error: could not find function "stde"
What software ihandles shipping to ElasticSearch the standard output of a .NET Core web application running in a container?
CORS and subdomains - do subdomains matter?
What's are the advantages of using CloudBees Core over Jenkins?
Add Artifactory License Property for Closed Source software
initContainer with huge size software like magento2
Recommended resource configuration for Rails on Kubernetes
MSSQL and AD in a Docker Container
Microservices Deployment Manager
Jenkins pipeline running using containers on an orchestration platform
Is there a way to set build parameters outside of the pipeline directive?
How to execute a Jenkins job until the build is green
Understanding why Docker container would lose access to a host through VPN activation
Git Release branching strategy for Continuous integration and deployment
Is it safe to run "Repair - Reconcile component database from blob store job" in Nexus 3
Use cURL with Kerberos to auth on Keycloak
Problem with Vagrant : Nothing happens on vagrant up command
DNS name creation with VPC and Route 53 DNS name difference?
Terraform | After upgrading to 0.12 receive a lots of error "unsupported value for "%s" at 0: string required."
How to create ALB that can handle traffic on 2 ports
Pooled Build Server and Multibranch development to stabilize the trunk?
ERR_SSL_PROTOCOL_ERROR signin.aws.amazon.com
DataDog API - Get Docker Container Stats
How to run WSGI Python server without Apache or NGINX
Triggering a SNS notification when an object is accessed (downloaded) in AWS S3
GKE ingress multipath not working
How to manage services inside the container
Error passing arguments to ansible playbook
How to build chef-server package from source code
Docker compose volume syntax valid for Windows and Linux
How to get started with CloudFormation?
What is the ideal composition of a devops team?
How can I find the cost of an already removed resource on Azure?
Install phpredis version 5.0.2 on Elastic Beanstalk doesn't work to me, what the reason?
Deploy Vm Vmware with simple Ansible playbook
ansible error 'first argument must be string or compiled pattern'
Per machine credentials for privileges escalation using AWX
Looking for good books on Immutable Infrastructure
How to build Java project on existing virtual machine in Azure?
Obtaining a list of diffed files in Jenkins multibranch pipeline
Cross-Platform Deployment Tasks in Bamboo
Kubernetes - How to show all service accounts
Multi-branch release pipeline in Azure Devops for multiple artifact triggers
Using serverless, how can I deploy multiple stages with different api keys for each stage on a single AWS account?
How to mitigate "[DEPRECATION NOTICE] registry v2 schema1 support will be removed in an upcoming release" in quay.io?
How do I access the web UI for Kubernetes clustered that were created via EKS?
Should I use release branch to push my changes?
How do I install kubeadm on RHEL 8.x?
How to SSH from Jenkins node to Jenkins node safely?
Create multiple S3 buckets at once
Ad-hoc processing on immutable instances
Manage build dependencies in GitLab but not through triggers
Helm - Installing stable/elastic-stack with version 7.3.0
What should we look for in a time tracking solution?
Terraform | Error "transport is closing" when "terraform apply" after upgrading to 0.12
Why does docker not restart on a stack trace?
Jenkins multi branch pipeline configuration for bitbucket
Deploying Jupyterlab Helm with no Exernal IP in load balancer
