A/C system reports Limit Switch Stuck Open
How can I color concrete?
How do I install uninsulated halogen can lights?
How do I restore boiler pressure through the filling tap?
Where could all these flies be coming from?
Designed a floating corner table, unsure of its potential strength. Any ideas?
DIY pool heater - best methods?
Gap between sash frame and pane of single-hung window sash - DIY-able?
Add a toilet to washing machine drain line
What is this small L shaped bracket thing called?
Is a multi wire shared neutral circuit a 220 volt circuit
What are the basic differences between a mesh and regular/iron pool fence?
How do I reduce door shut noise?
Is it possible to fix a leak in PP-R piping by injecting some type of substance?
Common kitchen/bathroom countertop devices that use 120V20A
How much is a good estimate for a pro to add a railing to stairs?
Why use a screwdriver when we have drill/drivers now?
How to deal with Mice coming into the Baby's Room
How can I protect A/C condenser wires?
WR outlets; is it trying to tell you which way is up?
How do I repair a chain link fence?
Is it safe to run a USB cable inside a wall?
Why is there an extra plastic container in my toilet tank?
How can I tell what electrical service I have?
What should I do with leftover sulfuric acid from a sump pump battery backup?
When did it become illegal to use lead solder in residential plumbing?
Is there any corelation between housing and lamp data?
What are these large pieces of plexiglass?
How to take the sandpaper off of a Makita palm sander
I have a leaky shower. Builder thinks a total renovation to bathroom is needed to waterproof whole bathroom
Can I use plastic as moisture barrier under fiber cement siding?
Brass screws stripping and snapping, what am I doing wrong?
Risk from installing a "Nest" thermometer without shutting off home power?
How to repair botched, colored concrete?
Do refrigerators struggle with too warm a temperature setting?
Who to call to fix electric oven?
Understanding US Screw Sizes
Decking fastening schedule?
Are home warranties worth it?
How to level a section of raised concrete floor?
How to determine if paint is sandable?
How can I fill this gap between the plasterboard and window architrave?
How can I improve air flow in my basement?
Is wolmanized wood different that just treated wood?
Can I clean my under-the-floor dryer vent?
How can I replace a sliding glass door with a broken seal?
How can I remove a coffee stain from carpet?
How do you replace missing vertical blind slats?
How can I regulate pressure to a BAXI LUNA 240i boiler?
How do I fill in around waste pipes?
What primer should I use to paint over nicotine stained walls?
How can I remove a mark from a freshly painted wood cupboard?
Why won't my water heater stop filling?
How much thinset is enough?
Where can I find a temperature sensor that tweets?
How far can I move ceiling joists up?
Are galvanised steel pipes suitable for supplying hot water?
Would wrapping a wood fence post in plastic help protect it?
What advice would you offer somebody who is building a laundry chute for the first time?
How can I connect two indoor ductless A/C's to one compressor?
What to expect when tearing up carpet?
What are the drawbacks to bridging phases in my home electrical?
Are there any cordless power tool systems that offer a corded option?
is there a sandable compound I can use for a final skim coat over StructoLite plaster?
How can I insulate my attic in southern California?
Should I put some glue in the pre drilled hole before installing an eye screw?
How do I drill a hole in a shelf without going all the way through?
Why is my A/C condenser fan motor wiring backwards, and how can I fix it?
How to build a brick wall on the front of a CMU retaining wall?
is it possible to do a 3 way switch if power source is in the second switch?
Are there any good videos available that teach basic carpentry?
Should a new asphalt driveway have rough sections where stones are showing?
How can I make these bath valves easier to use?
What accessories, aside from faucets, fit into sink faucet holes?
What could be causing my spa filter to clog regularly/often; and how can I fix it?
Why is the fridge water line popping out of the connection when under pressure?
Vertical adjustment slider for VESA mount?
How can I install a wired smoke detector without compromising the fire rated sheetrock?
What could be leaking after installing a pet sprayer on a tub?
How can I best create a motorcycle tie-down point on or through my cedar fence?
Could water temperature fluctuations be caused by new plumbing?
Will an electronic air filter harm my furnace?
Do external faucets have an indoor shutoff valve somewhere indoors?
How can I repair/replace tires on a hand cart?
My house has steel "2x4s" in the walls, can I hang cabinets, a TV, or some other heavy item from them?
Stopping wheelie bins blowing over in the wind
Are hot water returns worth putting in?
How do you know when you need a new water heater?
How do I properly wire GFCI outlets in parallel?
How can I fix a ceiling above the shower that was damaged by water?
How should I build a raised subfloor for my basement bathroom?
Is it code to have a concrete floor in a bedroom?
Why would an iMac computer cause lights on a circuit to flicker when it goes into sleep mode?
Is this fluorescent light fixture a major electrical problem / fire hazard?
How can I build a long lasting low maintenance fence?
How can I clean and paint my basement floor?
Should I install a wall before or after hardwood floor installation?
What type of underlayment should I use for an above ground pool?
What could be causing water to drip from the relief valve of my new gas water heater?
What is a good way to humidify a (temporarily) vacant desert home?
Is a negative reading from a non-contact voltage detector sufficient?
Socket wrench: Is there an advantage of a 3/8" drive over a 1/4" drive?
How to remove rusted tank bolts
Rain/irrigation run-off drain pipe opening constant dripping
Flip a door frame?
How easy is it to fit a garage door opener?
How to cut off an old swing to get rid of it
How can I add a carbonated water tap in my kitchen?
How to tighten/fix ice-maker's drainage tube connector?
Is corrosion on top to an otherwise working electric water heater dangerous?
How should I wire a GFCI outlet and a switch to isolate the switch but provide GFCI protection further in the series?
Drywall screws for subfloor
Should I superchlorinate a freshly filled pool?
What is the best way to apply Shellac-based primer?
Why use a Thinner Water Pipe to Branch off From a Tee
It is dangerous to have a power outlet run from a light circuit?
Replacing a hot water heater: tank or tankless?
Can I use a standard extension cord with my refrigerator?
HVAC unit won't come on
Mold in grout or just stained by mold...is retiling needed?
Do waste water pipes for kitchens and bathrooms require a minimum slope to avoid clogging?
Laminating hallway with opposing doorways - how to tackle the last piece/row having undercut the architrave & door frames?
How to fix leaking PVC fitting?
Vampire Power Draw and Power Strips
Will an ungrounded light fixture on a GFCI circuit cause the GFCI to trip?
How good are steam cleaners compared to vacuum cleaners?
Locating (and, more importantly, removing) mysterious foot smell?
Outdoor kids playset - type of lumber use/look for
Replacing the remote for an older garage door opener remote?
Mildew resistant mud need for bathroom?
How much can you do as a homeowner in Texas without requiring a permit/inspections?
Chair rail or tile cap in bathroom?
Can I use a neutral from another circuit to install a 3-way switch?
How can I add insulation to this roof?
How large of a hole can I fill with putty in cedar siding?
How can I make my room darker at night?
How can I reconnect home ethernet that has been terminated outside?
How much water is too much water underneath the basement concrete?
How do I design and build a simple, sturdy, and affordable table?
How to replace a standard 2-gang light switch with an electric dimmer switch
What would cause air to be pushed into pipes from a well tank?
Is my toilet refill issue more likely a problem with the fill valve or supply pipe?
Can I use epoxy grout on tiled shower and bathroom floors?
How should I prepare the shower walls for tiling to prevent mold and mildew?
When should a waterproof membrane be installed for shower tiling?
How do you install zinc strips in a roof without creating leaks?
How to replace a single light switch with an electric dimmer switch
What's a good way to customize or recess a lightswitch?
What are some easy non-expensive ways to clean a toilet?
What do the numbers on a cordless drill mean?
How can I reattach this pivot bracket for bifold doors to the wall?
What is the standard range hood clearance?
What are the things to look out for when buying a motion detector?
Can I apply stain to an oil treated oak counter top?
We built a pergola, is it safe?
How to clean a toilet pan properly?
Do I need a box-spring for my bed?
Screen Door Pneumatic Tube stopper: What are they called and why is mine not working?
How can I mount a tablet on a wall?
Does the Lutron Maestro C.L Dimmer Exist?
Toilet does full-blast, one-second refill every hour or so
Spacing for recessed lighting in bedroom
Tile Around bathtub. Over drywall vs. vapor shield & backerboard
What is a good way to attach vent covers to ceiling vents in my basement?
What should the water main connect to first: carbon filter or water softener?
What does the low pressure light on my Rinnai tankless water heater mean?
Solutions for a moist basement?
What could be eating or removing the insulation in my garage door?
Circuit breaker trips every couple of weeks
Sound deadening in a small (~5x6) room with a glass wall
Why are my wall hooks ending up crooked?
How can I eliminate play in a water tap?
What's the best way to plug circular drywall holes left by electrician?
How can I hang a skateboard deck on the wall?
Can I use a water tank and pump to feed a boiler?
What type of wood should I use as an outdoor table top for a BBQ?
Does the NEC allow electrical wiring to run next to a ventilation duct?
How do you trigger the HVAC with wiring only?
How can I stop PVC decking from squeaking?
How can I repair severly water-damaged interior wall plaster or sheetrock?
How to fix a through hole in a concrete step?
How do you calculate if it's worth it to insulate?
What could be causing my water heater inlet pipe to corrode?
How can I trace cable through floors and walls?
What size expansion gap should I leave between my wall a hardwood floating floor?
No hot water, but exhaust blower running continuously
Inferring wire gauge from cable size
Does bare drywall need to be primed before painting?
Running cat 6 networking cable in the attic: what is up to code?
How should I use a plumber's snake?
Can I replace broken clips in a recessed light fixture?
Are there any other reasons to use 130 volt halogen light bulbs instead of 120 volt bulbs?
How do you install blocking in a straight line?
What is best way to thoroughly clean airless sprayer after using shellac primer
Repair holes in copper pipe
How can I replace a pressure gauge on a well pump?
How do I fix a Well Pump that is on Constantly?
How would I go about turning a tree in to a tabletop?
Is it safe to splice these cords with tape instead of a terminal?
Network Garage Door opener/ how does the switch work
Suggestions for dealing with the sharp corner of a storm drain
Where should this seal ring from a syphon go?
How can I join 2x6 pressure treated wood for a shed base?
Why do the burners on my stove turn on and off while in use?
Which nails should I use for shoe molding installation?
Can I use drywall screws to stop floor squeaks?
Should I sand each layer of mud when joining drywall?
What are the differences between wood and composite shoe molding?
How could I fix up some old plaster
How much room does a fridge coil need to dissipate heat?
How do I install a generator pass through?
I have two unconnected drain lines in the kitchen. If I start using one, can I just put a stopper on the other?
Running Shower Faucet After Hot Water Heater's Off
Faulty grade and pest infestation
How do I install an air conditioner on a horizontal sliding window?
Potential wall socket fault
Is there a way to prevent mildew/mold from forming on vinyl siding?
Can I use the white from one switch, but the black from another?
What is involved in installing a free-standing electric oven range?
Does this 3 prong 250V outlet in the Philippines have two hots and a neutral or hot/neutral/ground?
Will this drill bit work on concrete?
Do primer + paint products work well?
Why does my oven temperature keep rising?
Can a yurt be a dwelling?
What's the most economical way to remove a wood stove?
How can I identify the manufacturer of my windows?
Did the plumber hook up my water heater backwards?
Is it possible to anchor a cabinet to a wall without damaging it?
How can I remove small paint specks from a wooden floor?
What does blocking refer to in relation to floor joists?
What type of paint and how many coats should be used to paint a radiator?
What's the best way to lay tile in a straight line
What is the best way to wire a Cooper E-Z Wire recptacle?
Easiest way to cut, shave, or chisel bottom 8" of posts to fit footings
Do two 5k BTU air conditioners produce the same cooling power as one 10k BTU unit?
How do I properly size an air conditioner for a very sunny room?
Help identify this electric clothes dryer part from an Asko T701 dryer?
How to check the heater element of an Electrolux ESI 6160 dishwasher?
How can I enlarge a hole in a brick wall without drilling?
How do I connect a dryer with a four prong plug to a three prong socket?
Why was the speaker wire installed this way for a media room?
How to repair (and is it worth the trouble to) a rusty dishwasher rack?
What kind of bracket am I looking for?
How can I find out where a door is sticking?
How do I determine if adding an air conditioner will overload a circuit?
How can I locate the entrance of a wasp nest, and prevent wasps from entering?
Space heater efficiency and light bulb efficiency in winter
Is underlayment necessary in a room over a garage?
Is there anything special needed to cut out a section of carpet?
How can I restore the waterproofing behind a shower/bath mixer/diverter?
How much drywall should I cut to re-route some wires?
How do I size this wall to make tiles look right?
How much should brick "give" when pushing against it?
What is this plumbing fitting?
What is the labeling scheme on these outlets?
How can I coil up a rope so that it doesn't get tangled?
What type of air conditioner to look for
Can I use an airless paint sprayer to paint kitchen cabinets?
What could be causing the delay in the start up of my air conditioner?
What tool should be used to mud the inside corners of a diagonal ceiling?
How to drill a hole in a space too small to fit a standard manual or electric drill?
What does the 16" in "16-Inch Full Ext Drawer" refer to?
Best solution for file folders of custom wooden desk drawer?
With mechanical room ventilation is it necessary to have air supply in addition to extraction?
How can I determine why my A/C runs all day?
Will drywall mud stick to shellac-based primer?
How should I pump water throughout a house from holding tanks in the basement?
How do I determine which phone line goes where, without any special tools?
How do I install electrical through existing stucco (e.g. "old work")
How can I loosen a faucet cartridge that is stuck due to limescale buildup?
How can I remove a stuck tub spigot?
What type of adapter do I need to connect my water supply lines?
Is my Kenmore HE4T Washer repairable for a reasonable price?
Could there be asbestos in the thick brown paper / card backing above my popcorn ceiling?
Would this be an effective method to remove painted popcorn ceiling?
How can I change the bulb in this light fixture?
Can I increase air volume by adding more fans?
Should I replace my septic tank if I don't need to?
What is best product for stripping paint from wood?
How can I install a window air conditioner in a metal window frame?
Should I use nails or screws to refasten my subfloor to the joists?
How can I install a dishwasher under a 23 inch deep counter space?
 How much current should I expect this motor to draw when it's running steadily?
How much less power does a three-phase air conditioning unit use than a one phase unit?
How can I convert wall lights to under-shelf lighting?
What is a good wood to use to build a base for a heavy antique table top?
How do I attach storage shelving/rack to the floor?
How to get rid of a few mosquitoes/gnats that constantly sneak in?
How can I mount a projector to a concrete ceiling?
How can I repair my damaged kitchen counter?
How can I attach modern fixture to knob & tube wiring?
Can a poor application of driveway sealer be corrected?
How to adjust a pressure regulator, that doesn't have a screw/bolt?
Is there a through-the-wall A/C that works with external thermostats?
What should I do about a receptacle with 2 circuits going through it where white wires are hot?
Should I apply rigid insulation between existing basement framing?
How do I vertically connect two 4x4s on a deck to build a roof?
What is the recommended way to destroy mold?
Can salt be used to create a slip resistance surface in concrete?
How can I patch 1"- 2" gaps between coved plaster ceilings and new sheetrock walls?
How do I remove stickers and residue from a wooden door?
What is this yellow fluid in my sump pump?
What is a good depth for putting bark around a playset?
What kind of gloves do I need for working around electrical wires?
What can you do to secure a shed door?
How can I damp proof this wall?
What's the best way to measure for crown moulding and trim
Does an air return duct do anything when the air conditioning or furnace is not running?
Is it possible to retrofit an external kitchen fan in an existing house?
Is there a way to trace water pipes through walls?
How to remove a tub insert
How to reattach a tub overflow pipe that is offset from the tub
Is an LED light strip safe to use under a bed?
How should one size ductwork for a new air return duct?
How do I connect my kitchen sink sprayer
Is the permeability of normal shellac (flakes dissolved in spirits) the same as Zinsser B-I-N sealer?
Can we use both caulk and Durabond to fill in hairline cracks in old plaster walls?
What tools and techniques are required for moving & re-sloping a cement slab walkway?
What could cause water to come up from the bottom (upwards) through the tundish?
What is the typical water pressure for a sprinkler system outside a home?
How do I connect a lamp wire to an actual circuit?
Which color wire do I connect the switch to on a power cord?
How many bags of concrete do I need?
How to polish Corian countertop?
Should I hire a structural engineer or an architect?
How can I tell if I've got Cool Deck installed?
How can I install a curtain rod so that it doesn't slide on the mounting brackets when opening and closing the curtains?
Is there a device that will allow a bathroom fan to run for 5 minutes after it is switched off?
Is there a filter-reminder thermostat that uses run-time instead of total time?
Was my mold issue handled properly?
Why won't my new water valves turn on?
What could cause the hot water not to work after replacing a water heater?
Does polybutylene plumbing require lower pressure?
Which type of paint would allow the easiest touch ups?
What could cause my boiler to ignite 3 times then goes off?
Why are my cabinets peeling and how do I fix it?
How can I repair my concrete porch?
How long should I wait before painting new lumber?
Should I periodically air out the vapor barrier in my crawlspace?
Is it alright that I did not turn off the power while installing my thermostat?
How to fix broken brick staircase?
Ok to use 3 wire to wire pairs of lights, for pairs of dimmers?
Should I turn off the cold water while replacing a hot water faucet stem?
how to unscrew faucet valve stem when it's stuck?
Can I use leveling compound between plywood and cement backer board?
After installing expansion tank, massive buildup of pressure then a trickle?
How can I fix this moisture problem to stop mold growing?
How do I choose a circular saw?
How can I improve hvac air flow to my attic?
Are either of these tools suitable for tightening the pipe union nut underneath a bath?
What could cause water to not go into the gutters?
 How do I know if a firewall and mortar contain asbestos?
How can I restore balance to my pool if I added too much algaecide?
How do I drain my sump pump in a semi-detached bungalow?
How can I tile over a floor where hardwood is attached directly to joists?
Can I use Quikrete FastSet Repair Mortar to replace the mortar between stones in a fireplace hearth support?
How do I finish off a silicone sealant like a professional?
How can I insulate the floor to prevent sound from travelling through it?
How much structural support does a Gazebo require?
What kind of connection is used to attach the legs to this table?
Is there a better more flexible framing material for screens than aluminum kits?
What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast?
What exactly is doorskin?
My washing machine stopped working. Should I replace, repair or call a technician?
How can I fix a loose door frame?
When cleaning HVAC ducts, is treatment for fungi and bacteria routine and mandatory after 20 years?
How can I get the drain apparatus out of a pedestal wash basin?
What do I level a 2" slope in my concrete basement floor?
How can I test network and coax jacks?
Could space above a drop ceiling and below sound absorbing insulation increase echo in room?
Why would there be a 50 amp plug on a 30 amp appliance?
What is the proper procedure for spray painting metal and plastic?
How can I locate and deal with mold between floors?
How do I clean gutters?
Can I build a pergola on an existing deck, without digging more footers?
Do vinyl doors and windows with a foam core promote mold growth?
How to Level Concrete for Sliding Patio Doors?
How do I best build up concrete driveway where it meets the basement foundation of house?
How far apart are studs?
How to install a proper deck ledger AFTER the fact?
Can I replace all the Qest pipe in my home by myself?
How to remove rusted remains of kitchen sink tailpiece?
 How do I wire a two tube ballast to a single tube fixture?
How can I alter these wooden towel hooks so that the towels don't fall off?
How to get rid of spilled olive oil on teak table?
How to remove paint and refinish metal fan housing front plate
What can I use for a water supply for my electric hot water heater?
How to repair a closed-stringer staircase?
Is there a suspended ceiling tile that allows sound to pass through without reflecting sound?
Can I build a deck from reclaimed 2x4's?
Was coal ever used as an insulator?
Do I have to staple romex to the studs behind the wall?
Is installing a gable fan worth the investment?
How to prepare poured concrete wall for adhesion
Should the fill line be removed when decommissioning an old oil tank?
Can I use an automatic pool cleaner designed for an above ground pool, in an inground pool?
How to stop a leak of water through a concrete floor
How to operate automatic sprinkler system anti-siphon valve
How do I replace a GFCI receptacle in my bathroom?
How can I remove the old wood smell from furniture?
Should there be bubbles after a new Linoleum installation?
How long should I run my pool pump for?
How do I wire an old furnace motor so I can use it as a garage exhaust fan?
How can I properly drain heatpump condensate?
What is a reasonable expectation of decibel reduction when sound proofing?
What's this top part of this faucet used for?
Does a dishwasher require a disposal?
How can I fix this leak behind my toilet?
Is there risk in getting a larger pressure tank for my well pump?
How can I fix a leak in the pipe coming out of my water heater?
 How much pressure does it take to blow water out of a fire sprinkler in a 4-6 foot arc?
Why does the outlet short out when I turn on the garbage disposal?
Why isn't my heat pump system kicking out cool air this year?
How can I conceal an over-the-range microwave?
Can I reuse cold water copper pipes for hot water?
Is there a name for PVC pipe that's approx 1/2" ID and 5/8" OD?
How to remove bird droppings from woven patio furniture?
Do they make AC power meters that measures average, min and max watts used?
How can I remove these screws from shutters?
Can I plug an air conditioner and a chest freezer into the same outlet?
How to safely install a window AC unit?
Can I use old abandoned iron pipe as electrical conduit?
How to replace 12v halogen under cabinet lighting with LED lighting from scratch?
How to finish dirt floor in a basement?
Do you know any switches which turns on/off based on day light?
How to detect whether there is a signal on TV cable
Can I share a 240V outlet between two devices?
How do I fix a broken nipple under my sprinkler head?
Can I attach vinyl siding to a concrete foundation with Tapcons?
tiles getting spongy and water coming up between the cracks
What's a good way to sharpen a carpenter's pencil, without buying a special sharpener?
How do I replace 4 GFCI receptacles on the same circuit?
What is the easiest way for me to get a sliding keyboard for my desk?
How can I make outlet wall plates mount flush after removing wood paneling?
Small hinges for reusable domino rally
What is this component that connects to the garbage disposal?
How do I install an outdoor receptacle box on vinyl siding?
How to remove a tub drain with no spokes?
What else should I check when troubleshooting a light fixture?
How to find and fix a bad smell of moisture?
How can I remove skunk smell from house?
Can I turn a 4 X 4 deck post, eight feet high, into a 6 x 6 post by laminating a 2 X 6 and 2 X 4 to it?
Which exterior outlet cover is required by NEC?
How can I stop cracking/squeaking sounds while leveling this floor?
How can I repair cracked stairs treads?
How can I repair a big gash in my kitchen floor?
Installing a cleanout for 4" corrugated black pipe foundation drainage
Why are some submersible well pumps wired with solid and others stranded?
Does anyone make a gfci switch/outlet combo that includes a nightlight?
Can you use plywood as roofing?
Can I level floorboards with metal or rubber washers?
How can I filter iron out of kiddie pool water?
How do I replace insulation in an electric stove that has been soiled by mice and smells when the oven is on?
How can I add a circuit breaker when there are no openings available in the neutral bus bar?
How can I build a wall mounted adjustable height desk?
Is this hole at the corner of the foundation major issue?
Should I pre-built rafter units, or build them in-place?
How do I repair this broken pipe?
Is there any reason not to use a radiant barrier in the attic?
Do tiles need to be cut to fit area between back wall and the edge of the bathtub?
When to stop putting out mouse traps?
How to connect multiple light fixtures to one switch?
How can I locate and remove a lingering odor?
How can I mitigate copper naphthenate (copper green) smell indoors?
What are the pros/cons of installing glass doors over a whirlpool tub?
How do I appropriately/safely connect multiple power tools to a 20-amp outlet?
Do I run screws through the "tops" or through the "bottoms" of the corrugated steel in roofing?
How much weight should a standard cabinet be able to support?
Drilling "misting" pin holes in PVC
What alternatives do I have to cap/plug the kitchen spray nozzle
Can I repair water damage under the kitchen sink with a sintra panel?
How to patch concrete as invisibly as possibe?
How can I repair water damage under the kitchen sink?
What technique(s) is recommended for waterproofing exterior foundation walls?
Can my dryer exhaust crossing my HVAC duct be a fire hazard?
Which cheap plywood are suitable for use as siding-and-sheathing?
What should I have my dehumidifier set at to dry out my basement?
Is this fungus? What should I do about it?
How can I attach cable clips to an outside wall?
Which cutting style avionic snips do I choose if I have to choose just one?
How many blades should a decorative windmill have?
Is my window air conditioner cooling properly?
Why do I have spots showing through on stained pine?
I removed this non-load bearing wall in the corner of my basement, now 2 doors upstairs rub on their frames. Why is this?
How can I add a "C" common wire to this system?
How do I fix a hole in a hollow door?
Can I connect two load lines to a GFCI receptacle?
How do outdoor mist-cooling A\C units fare in real-world usage?
Can I build a deck close to the ground?
Where am I losing heat from my house?
How to attach plastic (vapor barrier) to the studs?
How to install tub into non-square rough opening?
What could be causing my toilet to back up?
Is this rotary hammer capable of driving a ground rod into hard soil?
Did I just ruin the flange on our toilet?
How can I reseal a shower drain on a pre-formed shower base?
How do I know what size grounding conductor is required?
How do I "un-winterize" my sprinkler system?
How can I add 100 amp electrical service to a shop?
Is there a lifetime failure count for a breaker?
What can I use to lubricate screws?
What can I do about lead paint on fieldstone foundation walls?
How can I prevent water from collecting near the blower fan blades of a portable air conditioner?
Is it safe to re-use drill holes in a wall?
What are the current and voltage limits when determining low vs. high voltage wiring?
How can I fix a leaking outdoor faucet with broken threads?
How to move a garage opener switch and minimize damage to sheetrock
How can I remove a moisture mark from a wooden table?
What are our options for carpeting the basement of a split-level house?
Should I install a vapour barrier if I'm using rigid foam insulation?
How can I separate a light switch to power two different devices?
Can I put rigid foam on studs to prevent thermal bridging?
Are there any special steps when installing drywall over vapour barrier?
Are there any dangers associated with rigid foam insulation?
How do I mount 20 lb speakers to drywall between studs?
How can I isolate my bedroom from refrigerator noise?
Are there pet friendly insecticides that kill only spiders?
What could cause polyurethane to dry with excess gloss?
How do I disable a locking door latch?
How do I use plumber's tape on a pool float?
How to clean up spilled paint on carpet?
How can I get rid of fleas in my crawlspace forever?
Why does my interior paint absorb water and darken when splashed?
Should I vapour barrier an (inside) sistered wall when the exterior wall already has it?
How do I replace insulation in the corner?
How to stop a circular saw from locking?
how to fix a poor spackle job?
Is there any reason to not tape this vent over?
What is wrong with this GFCI outlet?
What could cause low water pressure in tub and no water coming out of shower head?
What type of concrete sealer to use to prevent frost heaves in my driveway?
Can I have 2 45 degree angles in my wall from drain to vent?
How can I determine if there is asbestos in something?
What information do I need to size a sawn or hewn beam?
How do I dig a 3 foot deep narrow trench in soft clay
Is it normal for air to be leaking from where the drain hose connects to the central A/C unit?
How do I remove a wiffle ball from a pool vacuum pipe?
Are there any differences in the quality of products sold at contractor's supply store vs. big box hardware stores?
How can I remove an electrical junction box that is attached to a stud, without damaging the surrounding wall?
Quick fix for a toilet that flushes water "under" material?
How can I determine if the mildew on the bathroom ceiling comes from the upper floor?
How can I get recessed lighting on a middle floor?
What is a good tutorial on the use of a multimeter?
How can I set up a removable stair railing?
What are my options for multi-room audio?
What could cause ceiling fan lights to flicker on with power and then go out immediately?
How can I fix this garage door opener?
How can I extend a wall outlet?
How can I seal an old wood finish on a 60-year-old wall that is off-gassing?
How to make 3" concrete "legs" via reusable casting structure?
Is it OK to shut off the A/C at the breaker?
How do I improve the drainage of this grass driveway?
Best style of window for above grade basement windows?
What is the best tool to grind down a smaller metal rod?
How to determine the type of wall on which I'm putting up a shelf?
What could cause a clicking noise in an electric water heater?
In my sink pop-up stopper, the tip of the pivot rod is broken, how do I fix it?
Why does my computer have a ground fault only when a peripheral is attached?
how to fix jammed integrated dishwasher door?
What can I use to tunnel under a walkway or driveway?
Can I use a shop-vac for dust collection in a workshop?
When wiring outlets should I use pigtails or both sets of outlet screws?
Why would I run out of water for a few seconds and then get full pressure back
 Is there any way I can reclaim this space and still safely support the front steps?
What can I use as a thread "tightener" compound for a free-running bolt?
What is the most effective way to destroy cockroach and centipede size pests?
What is the max distance between top of gutter and the roof tiles?
How can I temporarily fix a cracked bathroom sink?
How can I move a non load bearing wood frame wall?
How can I make this stair rail less slippery?
How do you protect solar panels for storage during house rebuild?
How do I repaint furniture?
What is this orange clip my ground wire is connected to?
Is dropping a bromine tab in my sump pit bad?
How to frame for a porch beam?
Can I caulk a hose connection for a pool vacuum pump?
What are the names of these tools?
Connecting a digital timer with 4 wires in a box with only three wire, white, black, and ground
How to build a small set of steps/stairs
How can I further diagnose my central air conditioning compressor fan motor and capacitor?
How can high and low voltage be mixed in a junction box?
Are the wasps gone yet?
Why am I measuring low voltage when I connect this fluorescent fixture to an existing circuit?
What could cause smelly water in the bathroom sink only?
How do I attach a receptacle box to brick instead of a stud?
How do I install an air conditioner in a larger window?
How do I fix a broken tile?
How can I fill this gap between two areas of flooring 
Should I install an exhaust fan in a new garage?
How to sound-proof a loud room
How can I shorten barstools temporarily so I can reattach the bottom of the legs?
Why is ENT rarely used for electrical wiring?
How to know when a fixture needs to be re-caulked?
Can rock salt be used for sewer maintenance?
Portable home bar plans?
Where can I get NM cable clamps for a metal box?
Can I get away with 5/4" cedar decking across a 24" span in a children's play structure?
Installing subfloor and hardwood on top of concrete (2nd story)
Is there such a thing as a vacuum sump pump? No standing water above check valve?
How to cover a gap between doors and hardwood floor?
Can I add a second circut using an existing ground and neutral?
Where can I find unusual L-shaped brackets?
What size screws and spacer should I use for installing shelves on tiles?
What's the best way to lay out sheathing around a doorway?
What can I do to prevent injuries from the corners of a wooden deck?
Should we turn our oil hot water heater off every night?
Can I add four 20Amp circuits in a subpanel with a 10-3 feeder?
Do I need an air space between insulation and flooring in the attic?
I might have accidentally vacuumed asbestos. Is the vacuum ruined now?
What type of wood filler should I use?
Should I install vapor barrier in a seasonal cottage?
Options for replacing an at-grade hose bibb
How should I insulate a bedroom in the attic?
How can I soundproof an interior door?
Why do touch ups on flat paint show?
How should I mount a sliding closet door track?
What to best use to build an artificial wall in my house?
What is the cost of one percent efficiency on an oil heater?
Can I bury a 1 1/2" shower/tub drain pipe in an earthen floor?
6x6 Cedar posts for yard barn, should I glue them?
Can I stack new beam to the top of old beam to extend span?
How to diagnose an electrified refrigerator frame?
What is a GFI outlet used for, and where should I install them?
Options for adding “C” wire to thermostat
How to choose the correct bit for a screwdriver
Do I need to attach a wire fished through a ceiling?
How can I stop high water pressure from causing leaks at the connection to my washer?
How do I widen a hole in wood for flex tube?
Can air in pipes cause a faucet to catastrophically fail?
Is it safe to use a former furnace flue to vent my dryer through the roof?
Can I vent my dryer into the crawl space without creating mold and moisture problems?
Are CFLs available with mini candelabra bases?
How can I replace multiple 3 way switches with motion sensors?
How can I remove old paint from plaster walls?
Are there high flow floor heat registers available?
Do USB sockets draw power when not in use?
GFCI not tripped, but no current downstream
How do I repair drywall around a bathtub?
Is a bedframe necessary to keep a boxspring & mattress in good working order?
How can I prevent water pooling on a windowsill from getting behind wall tiles in a shower?
Is an ungrounded GFCI outlet safer than a plumbing-grounded non-GFCI outlet?
Why would a CFL bulb dim by itself after 60 seconds?
What kind of light can I install in a small, low-ceiling coat closet?
How can I add an ice maker water line?
How can I get low water pressure in sprinkler system fixed?
Will Modifying a Wardrobe Box for Temporary Use/Moving ruin its structural integrity?
What could cause my newly installed disposal to not work?
Do I really need a small fan inside my fridge?
What type of centralized home control hardware is available?
What type of motor do I need for my attic fan?
How to evaluate the suitability of an electric tankless water-heater
Can teflon tape be used on a threaded joint behind a wall?
Is a thick, unvented hot roof a good candidate for spray foam?
What actions can I take to reduce moisture on basement floor?
When to replace respirator filters?
Is my septic tank leaking?
How to clean feet of wooden chairs to replace felt pads-
How can I trim veneer edging?
Induction power source across 1/2" of wood?
Is the ability to save pictures worth it in an inspection camera?
What kind of sealant can I use on my spray painted freezer?
How can I determine what is in my water?
How effective are angle-grinder wood discs for removing material?
Can I manually run the blower on my Lennox G12Q3 furnace?
How to fix a self-turning handle on a Price-Pfister single handled faucet
How do I secure wooden balusters to an exterior stair railing?
Settlement crack - is this one?
How can I mount a TV when I can't find studs inside my wall?
How do I clean ballpoint pen marks from an LED TV screen?
Do I need water protection over tile grout in my bathtub?
Under what circumstances can aluminum be in contact with steel?
How to open NM box knockouts?
After repointing a fieldstone foundation, should I backfill with gravel?
What's the significance of orbit diameter in a random orbit sander?
How do I patch a 3'x3' hole in a ceiling made up of plaster, lath, and metal mesh?
What is the best way to remove pet odor from concrete?
Can I use an exhaust fan instead of a hood in the kitchen?
Can I put a sanding drum in a routing table and use it like a spindle sander?
How do I deal with a leaking toilet cistern inlet pipe?
How to use grounded European plug of coffee maker correctly in middle east countries?
Energy Saver on new A/C doesn't work well
Should gloves be worn when working with concrete to prevent it from coming in contact with skin?
Does one wall socket share power between both ac plugs?
What can I do about mild water/moisture damage to laminate wooden flooring?
Understanding how to read bevel cuts in woodworking plan?
How do I open my garage door without a remote from outside?
How can I remove a switch and terminate a circuit in its place? 
How can I install drawer slides so that they line up and work properly?
How can one tell which ceiling fans are reliable?
Are finishing bits sold as such?
How can I keep a router aligned correctly while running it along the narrow edge of a board?
How do I get the most torque out of a spanner?
Why is sewage backing up from this outdoor pipe?
How do I wire a duplex outlet from a switch/outlet combo?
How to separate the two parts linked by these hinges?
What to look for in a new water radiator?
What could cause a toilet to leave the flapper up and keep running?
What should I use as backing for mosaic accent tiles that are a different thickness than the main field tiles?
How to install Water Heater drain pan to sump pit?
Should I be concerned that the furnace fan is making a loud noise when it turns on?
How many vent stacks should a house have?
Why do the oven and burners work but the pilot light won't ignite?
How can I re-use a hole in wall for ventilation?
Should I use sugar soap or denatured alcohol to clean nicotine from painted walls?
How long does paint have to dry before I can tape over it?
How can I prevent water from being fed to my foundation through the gas-line ditch?
Which parts of a Moentrol transfer valve need to be exposed?
Can I make the contractor redo a roofing job because he didn't replace delaminated plywood?
What is the best way to fill a 3 inch gap under my concrete front porch?
What are these metal fittings called?
What are these beams for in my loft?
What can I do with these roof trusses to cover them up a bit?
What should I use to secure/organize data cable runs?
How can I fix an uneven and damaged transition from drywall to tile in the bathroom?
Can I pour epoxy pebble flooring over electric warm floor?
How can I fabricate a custom one-off plastic part?
How do I repair a leaking shower?
Can I apply polyurethane to my hardwood floors in sections?
How do I get rust stains off my driveway?
Should I use mastic or thinset for ceramic tile backsplash in kitchen?
Can you ID this shower system/panel product?
Do open-back low voltage boxes have advantages over standard outlet boxes?
Is there a way to make a worn laminate floor shine again?
Which type of seal on a French door refrigerator is more reliable?
Why does my fluorescent light fixture take minutes to turn on in high heat and humidity?
How can I tell if slow drainage is caused by a problem in the main sewer line or the venting system?
What should I be aware of as I prepare to replace my bathroom vanity with a wall mount sink?
How should I wire for a security system during construction?
Would it make sense to peel off paint from peeling bathtub
Can I install sub floor over carpeting?
What kind of socket is this?
How Do I Plan for an Intrusion Detection System?
How should I paint a stain on a white wall without having to repaint the entire wall?
How do I fix the stairs to the garage where the treads look like they are about to fall?
How can I open my garage door from the outside with a dead opener?
How can I add a GFCI breaker on two circuits with a shared neutral without rewiring?
What is this knob for on my fireplace?
How do I install this wall mount bathroom sink?
How can I puncture an eaves trough full of water and not get wet?
Is there a tool I can use to cut out the templates for door hardware?
I want to waterproof from outside, but my neighbors live 2 ft from us, is it possible?
What do the 32 elements in a "32 element digital aerial" refer to?
Should I spray down the shower with a diluted bleach solution after using it?
Should I be concerned by a musty smell after cleaning the shower with bleach?
How do I remove calcification from a screw head?
Can I use interior oil-based primer on window glazing?
Should the plastic walls of a shower kit have air bubbles?
Can I replace an old exhaust fan and connect it to an existing light switch?
How can you reverse a sliding glass door?
Should I separate neutral and ground wires in the main breaker panel and why?
Will security system wiring cause interference in data cables?
How can I insulate my attic on a tight budget?
Safe way to close gaps around copper pipes?
Can I put a second layer of caulk over newly installed caulk to fill a gap?
Should I secure a free-standing vanity sink to prevent drain pipe damage?
How can I resheathe behind brick fascia without removing the brick?
Should I replace this fixture box or get creative with the mounting?
Any ideas on how to keep a refrigerator from moving without wheel locks?
Should I move the furnace upstairs to help cool the 2nd story?
Should I seal around the base of a bath/shower?
How long should I wait between grout application and sealant?
Can vermin come in through your toilet or shower drain and, if so, what can you do about it?
Convert line voltage heating system to use low voltage thermostats
How should I fill 1/8" nail holes in a hardwood floor?
How to unscrew the two screws on my USB hard disk enclosure?
What type of paint should be used to paint a brick fireplace?
Does this Dewalt corded drill have multi-speeds?
How do I install a coat rack on drywall over concrete?
How to stop a whistling hot water tap which also has a mind of its own?
What are disadvantages of wood floor covering in shower?
How can I fix a scratch on a mirror?
How do you remove hard water drop stains from (shower) glass?
What is a durable and affordable flooring covering for a shed?
Are there octagonal box extenders that are slimmer than 1 1/2" deep?
Should a special type of paint be used on a forced air HVAC heat register?
What can these bits work on?
How can I remove a really stuck screw?
What can I do about a jammed tub drain plug?
Should I be concerned about fridge/freezer airflow?
How complicated is it to convert a hinged two door closet to a sliding doors?
Can I branch off of 1/4" copper tubing to a standard hose connector?
How should I install an access panel in a high traffic floor?
How can I improvise a kids double bunker bed?
How should I run speaker, HDMI and electrical wiring for my ceiling mounted projector theater room?
What information do I need to give a general contractor to get a good quote?
Can I replace my oil-based water heater with several electric ones?
How can I fuse galvanized sheet metal together so that it is water tight?
Is continuous exhaust from basement level closet a good idea?
Can we install an above-counter sink (large, about 31" x 18" x5") on a bottom-mount countertop?
Framing a 10x12 wood floor, using 2x6 PT lumber
Can I use primer for multiple purposes?
Beeping in My home
Can I wall-mount a TV when there is an air gap between the drywall and the wooden stud?
Do outlets in damp locations require GFCI protection?
What's the signalling voltage on hardwire smoke detectors?  Mix and match?
How can I make these concrete columns?
What is this bolt in my basement floor?
What are my options to replace my porch railing?
How can I deaden the vibration noise of a box fan?
How can I replace a water pipe on the second floor without the need to damage the bathtub?
What type of space heater should I use in a child's room?
How do I wire a 4 terminal light fixture
Can I repair hairline cracks in a solid wood exterior door with clear silicone caulk?
How do I reattach this light fixture?
What kind of contractor would I need to service or replace pull down attic stairs?
Can I oil a squeaking tap?
How can I attach a pipe to a flat surface?
How can I hide the wires to a self-made ceiling light fixture?
How to remove moss from my roof?
What is that new Rubber Flooring type?
What's a doorway that doesn't have a door called?
Doors have stopped closing due to humidity, how can I close my doors?
What could cause taps for both hot and cold water to suddenly stop working?
Can p-trap be installed higher than drain entry?
What could be causing the low water level in my shower trap?
How can I monitor my mains water use?
How do I wire this Australian ceiling light?
What does it mean when my fridge sounds like a machine gun?
Is checking the oil in a fridge as straight forward as a car?
what caused this new small dark hole on my hardwood floor recently?
What's the easiest way for me to cut thin metal?
Replace under warranty Bradford White or get a new Rheem water heater?
How can I install a recessed light container in an abnormally thick ceiling?
Why would a repairman install a 1/3 HP fan motor into a 1/5 HP unit?
How can I take apart this leaking outdoor faucet?
what kind of transition strip do I need to use to transition from 1/8" vinyl tile in dining room to low pile carpet in adjoining living room?
How can I figure out why my washing machine is tripping the GFCI receptacle?
How do I prepare a wall for backsplash tile?
Is there an online way to check my appliance power usage?
What are my options for installing 240v receptacles in an attached garage?
Trying to identify this box on the outside of my house
Do I need a vent for extending a drain to a new bathroom addition?
What wood should I use on a garage door?
How can I figure out why my garage door opener won't close the door?
How can I remove a Philips screw with a stripped head?
How can I get touched up paint to match?
How do I remove floorboard nails from joists?
What could cause a replacement A/C condenser fan motor to only run for 3 minutes?
Need ceiling fan remote that also uses controls at existing wall switch
What are code restrictions on turning sink tailpiece?
Are "Waterproofing Primer" and "Grout Sealer" the same?
How can I attach a security gate where there are no studs?
How to wire two light bulb sockets inside a ceiling fixture?
Is it possible to get wiring for charging USB devices?
What should I do to this basement closet so I can put clothes in it?
What can I do to a chain link fence to make it dog proof?
Who is responsible to relocate cable TV line?
Stain-grade wood repair for door mullion?
Laziest/Quickest way to smooth a wood-grain-textured door?
How do I rust proof a garage door track?
How do I fix a rotting door frame?
Is a sealed attic appropriate for Southern California?
Why does dirty water come into my second sink when the garbage disposal is on?
For pine shelves, do I need to stain before applying polyurethane?
How can I stop the boiler from heating the radiators when only hot water is wanted?
How can I remove grout and mortar from a drain?
How can I protect a house foundation from weather conditions?
How can I install a pre-hung door when soundboard has been installed?
Can I run an extension cord through my crawl space?
Under what circumstances is 5/8" drywall required?
How to protect aluminum fence posts from weed trimmer?
What could cause kerosene-like odor from a gas oven/range?
Will this floor tile break?
Can Rhino lining be used for a residential roof?
Is it safe to remove/trim jack studs to make a door opening wider?
How do I patch this hole in my vinyl window frame?
How do I clean teak oil off of a paint brush?
How should I cut these speaker stands down to size?
Should a vent cap be installed under all the layers of shingles, or just the top most layer?
How to remove yellow blotch from MINWAX Stainable Wood Filler on pine wood
Can I attach Trex handrail to wooden balusters?
How do I choose a recessed alarm contact switch?
What packing material to use between a brick and house beam?
How to reduce brightness of recessed LED?
Are there outdoor formaldehyde detection systems available?
My door doesn't close without having to push it upwards first
What could be wrong with my A/C unit?
How can I remove styrofoam bits from my equipment?
Should the support structure for a kitchen island be built on top of tiles?
How to best keep floor vent by shower dry/mold free?
How do I shut off the ceiling fan without a pull chain?
What could be causing my dishwasher not to drain?
How to reveal a mural that was painted over
How can I  repair scratches on a coated stainless steel surface?
How can I build my own deck canopy?
Can I vent a portable air conditioner inside?
How do I clean a sink overflow drain?
What can I do about foggy double glazed windows?
What should distance be between the two lower cabinets flanking a "30" inch range?
Is there a way to 'remove' blackened water-stain from hardwood floor?
Can drywall be installed over lath?
TV mounting with long reach
How do I install a bathroom wall light?
Is it safe to cut a bit into a "Double Header(?)" over a closet door that supports ceiling beams?
Why are there two layers of dry wall in my ceiling, and how can I patch it?
Does a 4 ft. chain link fence need concrete footings for the posts?
What is the name of ducting I am looking for if they even make it?
Who can you call to check on odd smells?
Can I repair the floor in the water heater closet with an old street sign?
How do I patch these sections of concrete driveway meeting the house?
How can I connect a faucet adapter to a non-standard faucet without leaks?
How can I level concrete pavement for an above-ground pool?
How can I remove stuck anti-vandal rings in tap head?
How can I repair marred veneer polish?
How to rehang vertical blinds on a damaged bay ceiling?
Should I open the top or bottom of double hung windows?
Is this a "shared neutral" situation?
If I fit a water softener, will I run out of on-demand water via bath/shower-use?
How can I remove a portion of a hardwood floor board?
Why is my sump pump still beeping after I replaced the battery?
Attaching a drain cock for my air compressor to a workbench?
What wood protection should I use for a kids swing set in the desert sun?
How do I properly ventilate my pantry?
How should I position a motion sensor?
How can I seal a smoker door?
How can I test whether my furnace issue is the limit switch or the thermostat?
Is it safe to remove a plug, and wire a light fitting into the wall?
Can I run electrical cable and sound cable in the same conduit?
What could cause this ceiling fan and light issue?
What could cause water hammer after changing a valve cartridge?
How can I remove water-based emulsion paint from paving slabs?
Does it do any good to use fiberglass insulation if you're not going to drywall?
Why won't the bulbs light up brightly in my European chandelier?
Do I need exterior grade cables or conduit to run wire in an enclosed soffit?
How to avoid window sticking to paint?
How to fill gap between brick and drywall?
How do I finish a ridge cap?
What advantages do ridge cap shingles have over modified 3-tab shingles?
Can I run electrical cable in old unused heating ducts?
How do I uninstall a velux blackout blind?
What benefit do plasterboard/drywall screws have?
What to do with leaky sink?
Where should I position a recessed contact sensor in a door?
How difficult is it to repair or replace a preserved wood foundation?
Is a cork floor pet friendly/durable?
Can I use a drain auger on a toilet clog?
Can I use landscaping lava rock as a concrete slab base?
Blown fuse replaced, still no power
What exactly is magnetic drilling equipment?
How can I fix a stripped hole in an aluminum piece?
Water from refrigerator tastes bad after 5 day power outage
How do I fix my kitchen ceiling?
How do I install carpet tiles in a below grade room?
What should I do about this possible mold I found under paint?
Why does it seem all new faucets are using braided hose instead of stainless steel?
Why won't my A/C turn on after I replaced the thermostat batteries?
Is there any harm in using shorter shelf brackets with a deeper shelf?
How Can I Fill Screw Holes In Beam So I Can Move Screws Slightly?
How can I patch holes in the roof left by satellite dish removal?
Are these brick walls properly constructed?
What is the most efficient way to dig a hole in a slope?
How do I wire a switch to control a GFCI Receptacle?
How to snake a bathtub with no overflow drain?
How to seam new stucco to old stucco when patching large areas
How can I stop a draft from an attic hatch lid?
How to keep my air conditioner from freezing when it is cool outside?
Do I need to prime/seal new drywall behind cabinets?
How can I remove the side glass pane from a patio sliding glass door?
Can a stud have a power line IN it?
How can I replace a missing IKEA drawer slide?
How to fix small holes in a wall caused by throwing darts?
Is there a correct orientation for hurricane clips?
Should I apply waterproofer on the subfloor beneath a shower pan?
How can I stop mortar plugs from popping out of slab holes?
What could be causing an A/C blower motor to turn off randomly?
How can I repair laminate floor boards with damaged edges?
Is a special outlet or wiring needed when replacing an electrical outlet under a gas fireplace.?
Should cement board be glued and screwed to the studs?
Type of firm/place to contact to have house features pre-finished?
How to clean a light tan vinyl fence?
What is the technical term for this corner cupboard?
Why is there no heating at all until we use hot water?
How to make this electrical main safe
How can I get windshield wiper fluid stains out of my garage floor?
How to determine the correct capacity for a sub-panel for a shop?
How can I reinforce a piece of furniture to put an aquarium on it?
How can I convert from 2 sconce lights to one vanity bar light?
How do I know when my wooden floor has fully dried out post-flood?
How do I fix a faucet that turns all the way around?
How can I pass cables vertically through walls that contain fire blocking? 
Are there any dangers to sistering a joist with oversize lumber?
What can I do about a hole for a dryer vent that was cut too big?
Should I use concrete, or some other method to fix this entry area?
How can I restore this interior wooden siding?
How do I fix an uneven cement floor prior to hard wood flooring install?
Do I have to remove the old thinset before installing new tile?
How can I air-condition a garage without modifying it?
Is it normal to find cracks in new concrete?
How many wires is too many for an outlet?
What would cause water to flow around the toilet flange where the concrete is?
How do I deal with a wasp nest?
How can I prevent water from pooling in the street in front of my house?
Did I break my Kwikset SmartKey lock by trying to rekey with a key that doesn't fit all the way?
Can I attach drop ceiling molding to a brick chimney?
How can I prevent animals from eating my wooden swingset?
How can I build an insert on a desk that adjusts the height of a sewing machine?
What is involved in sizing and designing ducts and ductwork?
How can I tell if stains are caused by a ceiling that is drying out, or if there is still a leak?
Is it possible to detect from the power outlet if there would be current that needs grounding?
How should I insulate the walls and ceilings of this 1920's semi-detached brick house?
What's the standard height for an outlet?
How do you access the Rainsoft water softener "advanced" settings, such as hardness?
Troubleshooting a leaking exterior door
Can an external light fixture and an external receptacle share a circuit?
How do I get the shine back on the bottom of my acrylic shower stall?
Can I move the range hood but not the roof vent (angled "flue" pipe)?
Using a solar system with a condensing boiler for the central heating instead of tap-water?
Can I use a spray sealer and primer over a patched drywall followed by painting over it?
What kind of tool is used to stir paint in a can?
Alternative equipment(s) to drill a few holes on a 0.5 cm plastic beside using a small drill
How do I prepare this porous interior wall for paint?
Can I wire a secondary 240V breaker box for lab equipment from Europe?
Is this plastic pipe connecting city water to the main line dangerous?
How should I configure my plumbing with PEX?
How do I trade the lights that these two light switches control with each other?
What are the primary differences between air paint sprayers and airless paint sprayers?
What power and type of in-line bathroom extractor fans should I be looking for?
How can I take apart this kind of tap to replace the washer?
What could cause excessive condensation drainage from my heat pump?
How do I replace this dimmer switch to a conventional switch?
What to watch out for when using lithium grease?
Can I have underfloor heating with solid oak floor?
What type of subflooring should I use for a basement?
Does the smell of paint linger or penetrate other materials?
What's the best way to keep my garage from freezing?
How can I convert Cat5e wired sockets to Ethernet?
What are the relative merits of stainless steel vs. granite composite sinks?
How can I figure out what mystery wall switches might do?
Why is this ceiling light fixture wired this way?
What important factors should I consider when building a dog house?
How can I replace a light switch with strange wiring?
How do I mount TV through 3 layers of drywall and into studs?
In this scenario is my electrician giving good advice?
What diameter pipe do I need to adjust this basin waste pipe?
How are homes typically wired for cable service distribution and what can I do so that each of my home's outlets works?
How do I protect paint on a steel outer door from scratching?
How long does latex paint last?
What could be causing wall cracks through the middle of our house
Is it possible to use this reclaimed hardwood flooring?
Why do some free-standing ice makers need floor drains?
Is it a good idea to repair a squeaky floor from above?
Can a sun tunnel be installed with a 15 to 20 degree angle in it?
How do I tell if a light switch is live?
What is the "wobble" adjustment on a jigsaw for?
Is glow in the dark paint suitable for creative usage?
Should I choose MDF or plywood for my false stair treads?
How can I protect bathroom wood from mold?
Why is the drywall in my garage sagging?
What mortar should be used for flagstone?
Why is my 3-prong dryer outlet showing 240V between hot and neutral/ground 'L' prong?
How can I support a large aquarium built into a wall?
What could cause a tap to flow well, then spurt?
Do I need a new or a repositioned TV aerial for freeview?
How can I stop wardrobe door from automatically closing?
How to determine if a ceiling fan has a DC motor?
How to drive a nail in a confined space?
Why don't my 3-way switches work like 3-way switches?
Where should a TV aerial be positioned?
How do I caulk where a caulk tube won't fit?
What do I need to install LED strip lighting?
What is the difference between fire cement and fire concrete?
How much weight can an old work box hold?
Should I take my deck apart to fix a 1/2" lean?
Should we install beadboard paneling or countertop first?
How can I fix chewed through wires?
Is it possible to use a hot water recirculation pump with a PEX home run system?
How should I pretreat painted plasterboard before gluing fiber cement sheet over it
Can I remove one side frame of the cabinets above the refrigerator?
Is there any acceptable way to cover a junction box?
How do I install a vent above a closet door?
What are the consequences of allowing paint to freeze?
How can I remove large nails from cement?
How do I install electrical through "new work" stucco?
Why do my LED lights flash on cold start?
How to unstick my light switch?
Is it a good idea to add oxidizer to my septic tank?
How to repaint an antique exterior door?
Change circuit breaker for dual purpose fitting
what sort of cable should I use to add extra tv outlets
Bending wire versus cable
What is a condensate pump on a boiler heating system?
What could be causing AFCI breaker and GFCI receptacle nuisance tripping?
How do I clear this cement pipe underground drainage system?
Will piece of Acrylic sag?
Is the light quality of halogen/LED low-voltage recessed light actually better than an equivalent line voltage light?
Pumping water using a small electric pump, does it need to be potable?
Do I need bracing for 12"x55" shelves?
Should I replace the window frame while installing replacement windows?
Can oil from a pine tree stain my exterior paint?
Light flashes on then turns off. What do I look for?
Can anyone identify this light switch brand?
How do I obtain a smooth, white floor?
How do I diagnose and fix a toilet blockage
How can I replace a non-standard (20cm) bathroom faucet?
Can I install a replacement faucet directly onto a laminate countertop?
Why isn't the switch working to turn off my ceiling lamp after I replaced a fan w/light?
How do I correctly measure this basement window for a replacement?
What should I do about this Alpha HE CB33 Boiler pressure error condition?
Which type of PVC for exposed outdoor use?
How can I install a cable jack without a box?
What is a good way to cut hard plastic so it will have a smooth finish?
How can I permanently seal or cover a crack where a steam pipe enters the ceiling?
How can I fix/polish a slate tile imperfection after it has been laid down and grouted?
Should we install an overhead tank or cistern tank?
Should a tenant be relocated while asbestos is removed from the ceiling?
How can I repair a dining room table with folding ends?
What products are available to make coved ceilings?
Can a receptacle be added to a lamppost?
What type of electric heating system is the most energy efficient?
Are solar panel films for windows ready for the end users?
How can I remove ridges from a concrete shower pan?
Should I use PVC or ABS pipes for a swimming pool control system?
How to fit clothing rails into plasterboard to hold adequate weight?
Can you identify this timer panel?
How do I locate where bed bugs hide?
Appearance of damp after dpc injection - can "good enough" plaster go soft?
What type of primer and paint are better used in a bathroom?
What is a good way to cleanly cut through steel?
How should masking tape be used when multiple coats of paint are being applied?
Is it safe to use an extension ladder in the garage?
How compatible are toilet repair parts?
Can I install cellulose insulation without a blower machine?
How do I lay "click system" laminate flooring across an opening?
Why won't my gas water heater light?
Can I use domestic hot water from a gas combination boiler temporarily, while the pressure in the central heating circuit is low?
Can I drill a hole for a faucet in a porcelain sink?
How can I join vinyl decking to metal door frame?
Will a board blocking my air conditioning break it?
Can bio fuel ethanol used as a main heating source?
How do I raise light switches so my kids can't keep toggling the light?
Should I try to remove backer board and leave the plywood subfloor in place?
Should I have my old ceiling vacuumed before installing insulation?
What should I use to transition from tiles to hard wood floor?
How do I determine the amount of paint needed for a room?
Is there such thing as joint-compound primer? And, is there a need to prime before texturing a ceiling?
Can a new ceiling be build directly onto an old one
Why won't my washing machine dry my clothes?
Why won't my Heil 7000 natural gas furnace ignite?
How do I take apart a wooden retaining wall?
Does my wood stove pipe have to be chrome to be safe to use?
What tool should I use to cut metal roofing?
What could cause water to come out of the faucet when the shower is on?
Are there any risks in removing these steel basement window frames?
When should I change / replace my water pipe?
How often should I repaint the inside of my house?
What DIY tools are very critical for plumbing works and repair?
Can I hang a hammock from basement joists?
How suitable is a reciprocating saw for cutting lengths of firewood (at home)?
How can I insulate a basement wall that has 1x1 framing installed on it?
3-way switch for light with fan controlled by switch built into fan. Odd wiring layout. Wiring assistance required
Why would a bathroom emit an odor if pipes aren't clogged?
How to cut threads on 2" PVC pipe?
How can I temporarily seal a gap underneath my door to stop water getting in while it's raining?
How do I repair a broken wooden door jamb?
Will a 15A receptacle on a 20A circuit fail if I draw over 15A combined from each outlet?
Do you need primer between layers of paint?
What cement product should I use to fix a hole in my slab?
Does polymeric sand make patio repairs impossible?
What is the proper way to clean a paintbrush and metal pan with KleanStrip paint thinner?
How to seal marble tile mixed with glass?
How do I insulate exterior basement wall? 
How do I install a garden door that's thicker than the wall?
Can having two expansion tanks above a boiler cause it to over pressurize?
Is it important to finish rafter tails, (sub)fascia, and barge rafters?
Any US building codes about a door opening into a hallway near a stairway?
How do I get this rusted screw out?
What are the standard sizes/clearances for bathroom elements?
Does water dripping through my soffit indicate a problem?
Can I replace a 3A plug on a light fixture (that comes with 3A cable) with a 5A plug?
Is this material asbestos?
Where can I find parts for attic pulldown stairs?
Can I install a hot water recirculation pump if I have a reverse osmosis filter?
Why does my ceiling fan light turn off by itself?
How can I determine what type of washer/gasket to use for an antique shower?
Do the guidelines for holes in joists apply to band joists?
How to find where crickets are entering?
Should my thermostat's blue wire be going to W2?
How do I wire this kitchen fluorescent ceiling fixture?
Is there a window or portable AC system I can use with an awning window?
How to repair latex paint on drywall in bathroom?
How should I caulk clapboard?
Door sticking, frame no longer square, is this serious?
What is the proper way to install windows on the house that is not level
How should I modify my wall such that I will not hear the electric devices noise from my neighbour?
Cladding removed from sides of dormer, should it be covered if not being replaced for a week?
Can a HVAC solve my ventilation problem?
I have no furnace, only electric blowing heaters. How do I get ventilation?
Can I install a (probably ductless) range hood against brick?
How do I measure the leg positions for a three-legged table with a circular top?
Should I leave NiCad rechargeable batteries charging when not in use for long periods?
What are the disadvantages of having electrical conduit penetrate my foundation below-grade?
Can a single metal electrical box use two ground clips?
Should I spread lime in my crawlspace before laying moisture barrier?
Should I install a hot water recirculating pump before or after the thermostatic mixing valve?
How to mount a flat screen TV above a fireplace?
How can I install a frost-free outdoor faucet with very little space?
How do I cover one side of a two-sided fireplace with bricks?
How can I prevent water from getting behind the gutter?
How can I strip & Refinish this window frame?
How should I build an exterior door landing pad?
How do I repair this hole in my ceiling?
Without having a pressure regulator or gauge, how would we determine what psi to set our new expansion tank to?
How to wire in my replacement fluorescent light fixture?
how install a new ourdoor digital aerial
How to connect Nest in Europe
How can I get my third floor radiators working?
Should I run laminate continuously through rooms, or separate with T moulding?
Puzzling leak in my 2nd floor tile shower
How do I slow further cracking in wood outdoors?
How to run an interior gas (LP) line
How do I repair this leaking toilet supply nut?
Duct and fan requirements for stove hood
What could be wrong with this receptacle?
Is it safe to drill into the metal spacer between drywall and joist?
Is it safe to use a portable microwave in a confined shelfspace?
How to use network patch panel in new house
How do I hang a prehung door?
How do I repair laminate damage on a kitchen cabinet?
What is this kind of security bolt head called, and how can I remove it?
Multiple AFCI breakers tripping at same time
How do I remove dried latex paint from carpet?
Should I use solid concrete or cement block for an egress window well?
How can I fix a toilet that is backing up with sink water?
How can I remove a stuck bath stopper assembly?
What is the pointed end of a spud or construction adjustable wrench used for?
What is this thing next to my sink?
Should I be concerned about my house settling?
Should a curtain drain be covered/back filled?
How did I mess up this wiring?
Is it OK to put hardwood flooring over 3/4" particle board that's over 1/2" wood subfloor?
Does water run through a kitchen faucet sprayer when the faucet is off?
What mortar should I use for 8x10 and mosaic wall tile?
Did I make a mistake with this fluorescent light installation?
How can I build a vertical hinging stair safety rail/siding?
How do I safely install a pole/mast on our roof?
Is standing water at bottom of dishwasher normal?
What is a dry steamer?
Can I convert a gas log fireplace to wood burning?
How do I prepare my new bathtub alcove?
How can I repair peeling finish on a faucet handle?
How do I fix a slow draining garbage disposal?
What should I consider when choosing a pocket door system?
Will grid-lines in textured ceilings show through paint?
Can a bathroom fan be vented just outside the bathroom?
Is it safe to drill small holes in load-bearing concrete beams for expansion bolts?
How do I make built-in bookcases for the corners of a room?
Should I relocate the HVAC unit in my attic?
What do I need for new home electrical service?
What can we use as a wireless switch for a ceiling light?
How do I create a curved surface drain out of concrete?
What does "DC pass" mean on a 4 way splitter?
How can I waterproof my mail box (post catcher)?
Why does the pilot light keep going out on my natural gas boiler?
Can I alter the 'timing' of my toilet flush?
Is there a comparative study of self-sustained and ecological housing?
Current flowing in to a house
How can I get a coat hanger out of a drain pipe?
How can I rebuild/repair/replace this garden faucet
What is the proper preparation to re-apply silicone caulk?
How do I mount the new work electrical boxes with the nail-in flange?
Why does my toilet overflow during my washer's spin cycle?
Should I tie into the ERV or just vent outside to increase bathroom ventilation?
How do I put together an Avid Outdoor Gazebo / Sun Shade
How do I add veneer stone to an exterior painted wall?
What is this rubber thing I found by the sink?
Is GFCI protection required for a dedicated exhaust fan circuit?
How could I flatten these warped sleepers layed on uneven concrete to an acceptable level?
How do I protect the walls next to a 24 foot tall red brick fireplace when painting it?
Why does a single radiator need regular bleeding?
What can I do about high water pressure that is causing a leak?
How does Underfloor Heating get the right temperature water via a Thermal Store?
Why can't the plumber fix my kitchen sink?
Are cheap electric brad nail guns worth it for fixing mouldings?
Two switches in same box, on different circuits
Plywood, MDF or Chipboard for painted bookshelves?
Scratched the paint off the wall. How to proceed?
How do I unstick a radiator valve?
How to clean PVC Window "inside"?
How should I remove the texture from the ceiling *without* tearing it out?
How can I build and install kitchen cabinets?
How can I prevent my dehumidifier drain line from freezing?
I mounted a vinyl picture window sideways, can I drill small weeping holes into the frame?
Should I use pressure-treated wood for a firewood shed?
What could be causing our shower fixture to not work properly?
How can I determine why my lights are flickering?
How can I "stain" wood white?
What is the allowable span of 2 stacked 6x6's?
How should I build a wooden gate?
Do termites stay in the wall?
Why does my Whirlpool refrigerator ice maker not make ice exactly one day a week every week?
How can I replace laminate with polished concrete flooring?
What is a quick and temporary fix for a cracked toilet waste pipe?
Exhaust fixture for venting bathroom fan through roof
How can I tell if a slab foundation can be built on?
Should I use glue even if I've prepped floor by sanding & cleaning with amonia & water to put down vinyl tiles over old ones?
How should I protect a gas line in a closet?
How can I seal the gap around a bathroom exhaust fan?
How can I keep my paint from freezing in an unheated garage?
How do I support vertical runs of round ducting?
Do joints in adjustable duct elbows need to be taped?
How do I remove a chimney?
What could cause my showers hot water to not work well after water main work?
How can I repair my floors' finish?
How to convert a door into a window
How do I match an old molding pattern?
Wood trim and new gutters: Gutters first or paint first?
Why does my dusk to dawn light go off when the furnace kicks in?
Should I be worried about this gap in electrical conduit?
Are there any issues with having a garage and a washer on the same circuit?
Can I shave the bottom of a metal casement window to get it to close fully?
What limits the number of skylights you can put in a room?
Where can I purchase exhaust blowers for custom island range hood and how do I install it?
How can I replace a kitchen cabinet hinge with no visible screws?
What to block a hole with to stop mice getting in?
Motion sensing light triggered by fan on the same circuit
What should I build a bench out of?
How to prevent wall-mounted TV above fireplace from getting hot?
how does temperature influence spray paint usage?
Adjusting a Mixer Tap Hot/Cold Mix
Methods of bug-proofing outdoor lights
Why does water surge out of the shower head after being turned off?
Door replacement - will door still be solid after cutting?
How to address mold/moss on newer roof?
Is it a good idea to put 1/4" XPS under engineered floors?
Where can I store outdoor patio or deck furniture over the winter?
How much ventilation do I need on a small roof?
How can I repair the carpet around a new shower?
Can I replace a spiral window balance with a constant force balance?
What could cause clothes to come out of the dryer with tiny burn or scorch marks?
How can I replace ceiling gypsum board and loose fill insulation at the same time?
Should a ceiling fan on a long rod move when using the pull chain?
Can I store unused hardwood floor and base trim in a shed (or garage)?
What is the proper deck footing depth in Connecticut?
How do I increase the volume of air going into my lawn sprinkler zones to blow out water for the winter?
How do I determine the ideal height stool for a given height surface (table, counter, bar, etc.)?
What kind of electrical outlet is this, and how do I replace it?
How can I trim off the corner of this stud?
How do you navigate an unfinished attic?
How can I replace garage door opener remotes?
How do I paint the steel crossbeam on a colorbond fence?
Is "don't mix data and power cables" and "don't loop power cables" still valid nowadays?
Can I bore my own hinge holes?
Can I hang a heavy weight from a concrete ceiling if I reinforce it with fiberglass?
Can I use blind rivets in concrete?
Do I need to cut into my drywall to install a switch?
Why is it that every DIY plumbing job requires two extra trips to the hardware store?
My house was hit by lightning. What should I do?
What's the right connector for connecting #12 solid copper to #14 stranded?
What could cause my sump pump to cycle on and off rapidly?
Why does my pool pump keep tripping the breaker?
What do I need to do to raise a subfloor?
Could a disconnected ground wire in the breaker box have caused any problems?
My living room needs more ambient light and I'm reluctant to drill holes in my ceiling. What are my options?
Is it possible to paint concrete pavers
How do I get power into my kitchen cabinet?
Dado (+glue) or just screws (+glue) for painted MDF bookcase
Can I reduce or eliminate water hammer without plumbing?
Cool bulbs into a min 90C fixture with 60C wiring
Does it matter which 3-way switch I put a dimmer at on a 4-way circuit?
Vinyl tile installation over a concrete basement floor with moisture
How do I wire a light fixture with two white wires to a ceiling box with three white wires?
How do I test the functionality of a sump pump?
Step up converter for TV and home cinema set
Appropriate tool to remove wires in push wire
How can I stop windows from rattling?
Is it safe to use Greenboard drywall in a shower?
What should I do about mold until the leak feeding it gets fixed?
Worthwhile to insulate basement ceiling while remodeling?
How do I install a glass tile backsplash on 1/2" drywall?
How can I make this old space heater more quiet?
How can I install a nest thermostat with no wires?
How can I safely remove an outlet from service?
How do I fix a Bostitch nail gun that is jammed?
How do I replace this cast iron toilet flange?
What do I need to do to fix my door hinge?
Is it likely that there is lead in the varnish of my old 1930's hardwood floor?
How large an area is needed to make a paint sprayer worth it?
How proud can a toilet flange sit above the floor?
Can I install drywall on the ceiling, without removing crown molding?
How do I connect my refrigerator water line to the house line?
Need Quick Fix for Leaky Door
Correct amps for cooktop and separate oven
How can I add a common "C" wire to my thermostat?
How can I get a wire that is outside a wall to be inside a wall
How should I connect the ground wire for my light fixture?
Can I share the neutral in 12/3 cable between two GFI circuits with different current ratings?
What is correct way for radiator plumbing/connection in multi-story flat
What could be causing water to drip from the relief valve of my new gas water heater, again?
How can I repair leaky windows/doors?
What are the implications of driving a drywall screw too far into the sheet?
Waterproofing nail holes in a hardwood bathroom floor?
Are there any quick setting floor leveling compounds?
What length of finishing nail should I use?
Should I nail, and glue my hardwood flooring?
Why is my hot water baseboard heater not heating?
Can holey metal furring channels be reused?
Should windows be sealed from the outside before the capping is done?
How should I apply brick to an interior wall?
14 day skipper not advancing on Intermatic sprinkler timer
How do I ensure my wood screws have a minimum of 120 lbs pull out or shear strength?
How do I make sure that a new washing machine doesn't overflow?
What is the code approved way to cut and patch fire rated drywall hung on the ceiling of a basement?
How secure is a live bamboo fence compare to chain link or barbed wire fences?
Why do I have a large PVC pipe venting warm air outside intermittently?
Why does my radiator leak if it's not fully opened or closed?
When does an under the sink P-Trap assembly need venting?
How to re-insert a single-hung window into the frame over the guide rods?
How can I replace these light switches?
How can I move a very heavy top window
Why did my tub drain start running slowly after going unused for a little while?
What should I consider when buying a USB inspection camera?
How can I remove the caulk from this window?
Lights lowering in the kitchen when turning on microwave oven: symptom of an unstable electric environment?
What could cause my toilets to bubble and clear water to come out of the clean out pipe?
Should I install floating solid bamboo flooring?
Should I cover a skylight well from the inside?
How can I repair scratches on door molding?
When repairing a split table top, should I use dowels, biscuits, or something else?
How do I trace a water leak inside a stud wall?
How do I make a Liquid-level-indicator for an overhead sintex water tank
How to add another network cable?
Can anyone identify this heating timer?
Is heavier weight carpet padding a waste of money?
Whats the easiest way to fix sticky painted furniture so that it's no longer sticky?
When hanging two layers of drywall, can the first layer be hung with the facing to the studs?
When making kitchen cabinet doors out of plywood, what details will impact the final product?
How can I adjust my dimmers to work the way I want?
What's a nifty way to restrict my dog run without re-installing it?
Can't seem to find solution for vinyl tube to copper tube connection
How can I get my shower tiles really clean?
Where is the best place to store cardboard?
How do I troubleshoot my Kenmore dryer that doesn't heat up?
Can I make cabinet doors out of mdf?
Was my shed repaired properly?
How to I “set out” the holes for hinges?
What could cause my Pennco 15045-vf cast iron furnace to not run?
Projects to Pursue while Studs are Bare?
Is it possible to boost an electrical circuit for more current draw?
What type of screws and rawl plugs should I use?
How do I set up drains for a flat roof?
Can I paint frosted glass panels?
Should I use acoustical insulation or acoustical drywall for interior walls?
How do I fix a sticking toilet refill float?
How can I repair a rusting dishwasher tray?
How can I hang a heavy bag from this beam in my garage?
What paint do I use to paint wood in a bathroom?
Do I have to replace my expansion tank, or can it be drained?
Why won't my new Craftsman garage door opener power on?
How can I quiet my dryer vent from the outside?
Under bathroom sink piping (exposed)
Can you have different types of vents on a single roof?
How to tell for sure if paint is eggshell or gloss?
What is the best way to seal my deck?
How can I protect a wall from flames of a gas hob?
How do I get my fluorescent 4-tube under-cabinet lights to come on reliably?
How can I remove hair dye stains from a porcelain sink?
Is it possible to use a dryer vent as a heat source in the winter?
How can I temporarily reconnect a fuel tank?
How do I replace a drain stack?
Can I get a smaller toilet installed? (picture included)
How do I repair my porcelain floor?
How to prep a peeling wall for paint
How do I adjust a Delta bathroom faucet that has a scald guard?
How can I get my ceiling fan lights working again?
My radon manometer has a red reading, what should I do?
How can I repair a towel rack that was ripped out of the wall?
How do you screw in double-ended screws?
Do I need to plug my snow thrower to GFCI outlet?
Why is my primer peeling off like plastic, and what can I do to fix it?
Should I use a carpet kicker or stretcher?
Why would a newly installed radiator only heat when on constant bleed?
How to wire modern telephone extension?
How should I insulate around pipe/cable holes in drywall?
How can I locate and repair a leak?
Where can I get a vented metal door for my furnace room?
What are some good concrete and foundation books?
How can I remove plaster board/drywall rawl plugs?
Why does my fluorescent lighting only work when it's not hot outside?
What is a "rigid surface"?
What is the purpose of this Y shaped bit?
Should I use a centrifugal or axial fan for server room ventilation?
How can I relocate a receptacle that cannot be removed from the junction box?
Can someone help me identify this spiral staircase system?
How do I seal the sink basin opening?
Should second trap under kitchen sink S-trap be there?
Should a kitchen sink S-trap be replaced?
Why is my A/C unit running when the heater runs?
Will I lose much by buying a spray gun not suitable for water-based materials?
Is a Heat pump / AC unit considered more or less effecient in hot states?
How can I repair a flexible hot water supply hose that is leaking at the nut?
How can I protect wood and preserve its natural beauty?
Should I be worried if I missed the studs while mounting my TV?
alternative roof vents
What type of wall construction is shown in these pictures?
How can I redirect the discharge of my forced air vent?
What is the life expectancy of a ratchet strap?
How do I remove a flush mounted ceiling light fixture dome?
How to wire multiple thermostats
What is the proper procedure to apply multiple coats of Polyurethane?
What model circuit breaker is this?
Are these drywall screws driven too deep into the sheet?
How can I repair a radiator bleed valve that fell out?
How to properly close a chimney hole in the basement
Why will my toilet not flush after it rains or when ground is wet
Should I use a hammer or a mallet when driving a chisel?
What's an efficient way to soundproof the space between my door frame and wall frame?
How can I tile the raised edges in my basement?
Is it OK to have a 20 Amp receptacle on a circuit with 12 AWG wiring and a 15 Amp breaker?
Is it legal in a multi-unit building to draw air for ventilation from the attic?
What to do with a cold corner?
What is the best way to insulate a room with glass window for winter?
How can I drill my wall if it contains flint?
Why does my shower head drip when the tub faucet is on?
What would cause the water pressure to be too high for just a second?
Does anybody have a source for epoxy putty (for plastics) in black color?
Why are my concrete water tanks not retaining water?
Can I add unfaced insulation on top of faced insulation which is on top of cellulose?
Is an exhaust fan over a gas range required?
Should I primer my walls/ceiling before I spray on texture?
How can I remove a key that has broken off in a lock?
Are these drywall screws properly driven/countersunk?
How can I replace a 4-way mechanical switch with occupancy sensor(s)?
Can I use the tabs to chain 15A outlets on a 20A circuit?
Can anything interesting be done with Kidde's interconnect wires?
How do I prepare this exterior concrete wall for paint?
What could have caused CFL bulbs to glow during a power outage?
How can I seal around this pipe on my roof?
Can I support a granite countertop overhang with embedded steel bars?
How can I fix a ceiling fan with 4 lights where only 1 light works?
Can I safely ground a light fixture if the ceiling box has two hot and one neutral wire (no ground wire)
Is it typical for the metal of corner bead to be exposed after it is finished being mudded?
Is there a way to install a tub such that it can dry out if water gets behind it?
What to do about a stinky sump pump
What is the purpose of these holes on my wire stripper?
Why does half the house go out when a single breaker trips?
What type of wood should I use to resurface my table?
Is there a way to know if the photocell is a switch or a dimmer?
How can I install an interior cat door to the basement and not have it kill me? (from increased radon)
Why do my pipes bang when running hot water in my kitchen?
Why is my fuse board buzzing when I'm using the shower?
How can I build a temporary support for rafters?
Drilling a hole
Furnace Draft Inducer Repair: is previously installed back plate necessary?
Is occasional puddling of water in an unfinished basement a problem that needs to be addressed?
Is this old basement floor concrete, grout, or something else?
How to determine if a faucet is plastic or metal?
Is it safe to use a log burning stove in an old fireplace?
How do I replace a broken thermostat on a metal radiator?
How do I fill holes around a newly fitted ceiling light socket?
What should I keep in mind when extending downspouts?
How to fit things to a Bungaroosh wall
What is the best way to install insulation batts in an attic?
What tools do I need to make a straight cut in laminated chipboard?
What should I do to prevent mold from flooding?
What kind of timer socket is this and how can I get it working?
Is it against code to secure junction box using Liquid Nails?
How can I counteract the effects of WD-40?
Is krypton gas more energy-efficient that low-e argon?
How can I purge air from a baseboard heating system with the spigots on the wrong side?
Will low water use toilets clog more?
Would my Lighting diagram work?
How do I repair a burner on an electric stove that is on all the time even if turned off?
can i paint my bathtub wall?
Is it wise to cut a long trench in concrete slab foundation?
Is torn kraft paper vapor retarder in the attic a problem?
What could be causing this drop in water pressure?
How can I add a common wire to the existing furnace wiring?
Can I substitute diesel for home heating oil?
How to fix broken toilet flange from over tightened bolt?
What are the proper materials and method to hang heavy-duty shelves in a garage for storage?
Why does my water heater stop after a few minutes?
Can a ½ inch water pipe supply enough pressure for a shower head and body sprayers?
How do I repair wood that's been damaged with mold and bleach
How to fix a leaking bath tub overflow drain?
How do I choose more durable screwdriver bits?
Can I use solvent based paint on waterborne primer?
Is there a mechanism to prevent a door from closing violently?
Can I use computer cooling fins to build a dehumidifier?
Can a cheap angle grinder be used to cut concrete and ceramic tiles?
Is it OK to strip a wire in the middle for attaching a fixture?
Why doesn't my freshly painted door fit back in the frame?
What to do with these tiny exposed wires?
What are these metal ducts/tubes going into the attic used for?
How do I measure a standard sliding glass door?
How do I remove blown in attic insulation?
Can I hang a bathroom cabinet on a single stud and drywall anchors?
Why will my fluorescent light not come on when it is warm in the room?
Do you need to tape and 'mud' cement board corners in dry settings?
why won't my furnace turn off once it reaches the desired temperature
Do I need to add a protective layer to insulation for wall heater?
When to stop a backsplash?
Is it common for professional drywallers to tape narrow corners, but not mud over the tape if it's going to be covered with moulding?
What is this burnt cement floor treatment called?
What could cause this rhythmic clicking/drumming sound in my bathroom sink pipe?
What goes on threads first: tape or dope?
How can I install a timer with three-way switches?
Why is this apartment's area reported much bigger than sum of its rooms' areas?
How can I mend my metal tables broken arm?
Cheaper to run central heating sporadically high or constantly low?
How to tell if a ceiling junction box is braced to hold the weight of a ceiling fan?
Can I use flexible tube to replace a segment of copper pipe?
Am I missing some obvious way to change this lightbulb?
How much energy will continuously running a furnace fan use?
How can I winterize an old solid concrete factory with a cargo elevator?
Is it possible to detect and repair a refrigerant leak in my HVAC system?
My toilet is filling very slowly with a Fluidmaster valve, how do I fix it?
How to fix a door that closes, but is still too close to the frame, causing the hinge to pull out
How do I wire a new ceiling light with power to the ceiling and 3-way switches?
What could be causing water pressure to build up after changing my under sink filter?
When should pipe dope vs thread tape be used?
What type of common materials can I use to detect water infiltration/leaks?
Can I connect a drain for my new washing machine to an existing toilet drain?
What should I consider when designing a simple bookcase that will be built without power tools?
How do I install a bathroom exhaust fan?
How can I add a chain link fence on top of a cinder block wall?
furnace for central air heating, as what for central air cooling?
Laying Tile Over Asbestos Floor Tile
How do I install an old work junction box around fire blocking?
How can I determine the STC (Sound Transmission Class) rating for my condo walls and ceiling?
Can I adjust my blinds for both ventilation and privacy?
How to add draught to simple box stove?
Why would you hook up the heat output of a wood stove to the cold air return on an electric forced-air furnace?
How can I run a coaxial cable into an existing single gang electrical outlet?
How do I start a cold gas heater?
How can I install a ceiling fan where there is no ceiling box or wiring?
How to secure aluminium window lock handle that keeps falling off?
How to drill a hole in brick with precision?
What could cause my washing machine to stop before the rinse cycle?
Why does the pressure, attached to a submersible well, keep increasing?
How to replicate holes in a wooden cabinet?
Can I modify 3 ampere table lamps to work on 5 ampere round pin plugs?
Are these walls prepared properly for tile?
What exactly is a PAR type LED lamp, how does it differ from R/BR type LED & CFL lamps?
When would one use an impact driver versus a regular drill?
Could I use a UPS to power my humidifier on an underrated breaker with a little trickery
How long will it be before my hot water heater blows up without a thermal expansion tank?
How can I stop my garage door from hanging up on the door frame?
How can I create a radiant heat system for melting ice on wood steps?
Can I put acoustical putty *inside* the electrical box rather than around the outside?
What factors need to be considered to get the most powerful shower possible?
Who is the right professional to call for drainage issues?
What type of replacement windows can I use on my log home?
How can I repair this door and deadlock?
Why does my ceiling fan turn itself on at night?
How can I replace a ceiling fan light pull chain?
Can you crimp a tubular lug without a crimper plier?
What are the elements of this apartment map?
How do I mount this non-standard wall plate to a completed drywall wall?
How can I prepare uneven concrete basement floor for vinyl planks?
How can I use this timer?
What should I use to protect and cover my floors during construction?
Is it possible to install flush mount floor vents in a laminate wood floor?
How can I remove the tile from this wall?
Where can I find good resources on solar thermal backup options?
How can I remove an anti vandal tap head?
How do I find and dispose of the dead animal that's presumably in my ceiling?
How do I quiet a noisy furnace condensate pump?
How to stop cold air from coming into the house
How do I keep my Christmas tree from falling over?
How could I go about modifying (or building) a hand dryer to be more efficient?
How do I to choose a new light fixture for the bathroom?
Can I lay new ceramic tile over old linoleum tile?
How can I fix a single radiator that is not providing heat?
How can I figure out why my breakers are tripping?
How can I prepare this concrete floor for tile?
What could I have done wrong while changing to LED bulbs in my recessed lighting?
Can I add a standard receptacle on a GFCI circuit
Wainscoting a wall that has windows without casings. Is there a typical trim method?
Is a ground required when replacing an old single pole single throw switch?
Can drywall with ripped paper be repaired?
Can I install data wiring in a clothes closet?
Who manufactures this bath tub faucet?
How to repair this metal corner siding?
What kind of glue can I use to attach a laminated poster to a wood frame?
What's the best way to get rid of ants inside my home?
What is the most common home automation technology?
Why won't my circular saw blade tighten on the spindle?
Can a Wood Burning Stove use a stovepipe made of copper for a chimney?
How can I repair battery acid damage on a Caesar-stone counter?
How long does radiant heat in a concrete floor last?
How do I replace a broken halogen bulb in the recessed light in my bathroom?
How can I add ventilation to my room?
How do I properly prepare newly-finished drywall for priming?
AC/DC adapters making strange buzzing crackling noise in all house, what causes it?
How to fix pitched floors in a brick building
Can I use a 3-way light bulb in my 60 watt lamp?
Are there any DIY polyurethane foam insulation options available?
Is it dangerous to run electrical cords through heating vents?
How can I repair a slow drip at the main water shutoff valve?
What is going on with my three way switches?
Is there anything I can do to make it easier to remove plugs from receptacles?
How to unscrew screws that are barely accessible?
What are the key criteria to consider when purchasing new locks and deadbolts?
Should a smoke alarm be installed in the attic?
Strange beeping in house
What is a good finish for a plywood benchtop?
How do I temporarily cover a hole in my roof?
What should I look for when shopping for a kitchen faucet water filter?
Why has my water filter made my water less clean?
What is the method to seal a concrete roof?
How do I properly insulate an attic ceiling?
How much temporary bracing do you need when cutting a new exterior door opening in an existing house?
Is this shower trap better than a P-Trap?
Why does my toilet still leak after replacing the wax ring?
What could be causing my GFCI to trip?
How can I insulate my garage?
How should I install a chimney for a wood stove in my garage?
Should a washer go on nut side, or the bolt side?
How do I stop grout in the corner of a shower from cracking?
How do I reinforce the ends of 2x8s that are sistered to 2"x5" (actual size) joists?
How can I attach a shelf to a tile wall in a repairable manner?
How to properly seal the transition between basement wall framing and spray-foamed box joists?
How do I deal with vapour barrier for central vac inlets in exterior walls?
Is it cost effective to close some heating vents?
Is this asbestos in my ceiling drywall?
What to look for in a new/replacement toilet?
How do I use a vaporizer/humidifier?
How to remedy noisy air ducts?
How can I convert a ventless propane fireplace to natural gas?
How do I choose the correct size pump and pressure tank?
What could be causing this weird problem with a 240v trainer?
What is the purpose of a double pole breaker for separate 15A circuits?
Does the listed gauge on a crimp cap take into account that two wires would go in the same end?
What does the latch position of a circuit breaker mean?
Why is there an opening where the burner connects to the gas line on a gas oven?
How to cut exact and identical rectangles with a circular saw?
How far apart should temporary A braces be on 18ft side walls before permanent bracing?
How do I connect a timer to circuit box which controls our outside lights?
Concrete basement: Do I need a sealer or wax only?
How can I get High-CRI lighting for a small room?
What can I do in this vented crawlspace to keep the room above warmer?
Why does my electricity blow when I plug in my oven?
What, if anything, do I do to repair notched floor joists?
Why isn't my Genie keypad communicating with my Genie garage door opener?
AFCI breaker tripped when there was no power to wire
Is dirty batt insulation on attic floor a sign of air leakage?
How can I prevent my house from smelling of smoke after having a fire in my fireplace?
How do I turn off this sprinkler valve?
Could sound insulation around copper pipes cause condensation?
What specifications should I look at when choosing an exterior door?
How much vent fan throughput do I need for my bathroom?
How can I eliminate the smell of gas and smoke when burning my new gas fireplace?
How much of this wood molding has to be completely replaced?
Can disconnecting the cold switch on a shower pump save money?
How can you tell when a vacuum breaker needs to be replaced?
Are 2" roofing nails through the nailing fins of a new window enough to hold the window in place permanently?
How I sell or donate an old gas-powered fireplace insert?
How can I make use of this non-standard network cabinet in my garage?
Why would cold water be introduced into underfloor heating system?
How can I fill a large container in a shallow sink?
What could cause poor drainage in the kitchen and baths?
Should I get a keyed chuck for cordless drill?
How should I insulate a room built into a metal barn?
Why is it taking so long for my house to heat up?
Should I remove nailed-down plywood before laying tile?
How can I fill a screw hole so it can be used again?
How can I stop my fireplace from disabling my thermostat?
How do I install a washing machine when the drain is 7.5 feet high?
Is cork an effective solution to reverberation problems?
Can I use a magnetic air seal on an exterior door?
What are the differences between hot and cold roof systems?
Why does the pilot light go out when the furnace is running?
Is it frequent to use two Ethernet cables for one phone line?
Where can I find very strong wall brackets capable of supporting a punch bag?
What new technology replacements are available for incandescent globe light bulbs for the bathroom vanity light?
What is the difference between a ball/pin detent and friction ring impact wrench?
How can I stop interior doors from opening when exterior doors are opened?
How do I build a form and pour a concrete pad?
Is it expensive to switch from an 80% to a 90% efficient furnace, to comply with the new mandate?
How can I replace failing ballasts in recessed CFL housings if I don't have access to the attic?
What should I use as a base for my wall mounted PC case?
Does turning circuit breakers off cause wear?
Should I have a break between rooms when installing laminate flooring?
Does RedGard count as a rubber sealer in a shower?
Is there any way to make a sink connected to a garborator drain faster?
How to cover a window well seamlessly so I can project TV onto that wall?
How do I set the clock on a Thermador CT227N or CT227NW oven?
What could cause my gas oven not to ignite?
Which primer to use on an old drywall?
How to remove a doorknob with no visible screws?
Will neodymium magnets harm my power drill battery?
How to fix garbage disposal leaking black sludge under sink?
What type of window is this and how can I remove it with minimal damage to the wall?
Do I need a ground for a new 240 volt 20 amp circuit?
how to find out my primer color
How do I replace a triple dimmer switch to a much smaller conventional switch?
How do I fix the cracks in my brick foundation?
How do I reduce the number of screw pops in my drywall?
Can I use 2x4s to extend studs so I can mount my TV?
How do I raise my garage ceiling after spray foaming?
Why would my garage remote stop working after replacing the battery?
How can I cover water stains on this wall
How can I prevent a screw from slipping on a slippery veneer surface when I try to screw it in?
How to choose between chrome-coated and oxidation-treated tools?
What are "concretors' nippers" for?
Will insulating pipes shorten the time it takes for hot water to reach the faucet?
Is there a name for a duplex outlet that takes eight wires, plus ground?
What size rubber grommet will a 3/4" PVC pipe fit (water tight) through?
What could be causing my bedroom to be so cold, and how can I make it warmer?
Is there something wrong with this 3-way lamp switch?
How to remove faux fireplace?
Are four gang plastic boxes stackable in a wall?
Should I use glue or o-ring joints on a buried PVC waste pipe?
How do I properly cut pre-existing kitchen backsplash tile for new low voltage wall plates?
How do I replace a damaged valve on a water heater?
How do I install child-proof drawer latches on bottom drawers?
Should light bulbs above showers be "steam proof"?
How can I stop exhaust fan vent condensation problems?
What can I use as a guide for my circular saw if I need to rip an 8' segment out of a sheet of plywood?
What is the difference between equivalent watts and lumens?
Is it reasonable to create a 30amp branch circuit for the purpose of feeding the panel from a generator?
How can I replace a 4-wire manual thermostat with a programmable thermostat?
How should I connect my light fixture?
How to shape the zone a radar motion sensor detects?
How soundproof is roxul / acoustical putty?
What type of connector is this and how do I remove it?
How do I wire 3 way switches where the power comes in at the light?
How to wire MR16 LED lights?
Why are my clothes hot after washing them?
Will a non-dimmable LED work if the dimmer switch is on full?
How can I wire an exhaust fan to turn on from multiple locations?
How do I finish an outside corner where plaster meets exposed brick?
How can I frame a ceiling tray in my dining room?
How can I repair damaged epoxy grout in a shower?
How can I identify my bathroom tub faucet pressure valve?
How can I avoid cold rooms due to combustion air intake?
How can I insulate the floor of a room above a porch?
Can I use 2-1/2" metal studs to hang 1/2" drywall?
Why does my pilot light go out continuously?
Why is the light always on after replacing the light fitting?
How can I secure a plastic toolbox to the wall?
What kind of drill bit would I use to grind down the end of a protruding screw?
How can I center a drill bit so that it drills absolutely straight down rather than perhaps a little off to the side?
Can I ground my workbench using an unused outlet's neutral?
Can I attach a kitchen vent and a dryer vent to the same exhaust?
How to calculate therms usage from oil usage?
How do I wire 3 way switches?
Can I move a UHF masthead amp power supply to a different socket in my house?
What can we do about previously filled holes so I can varnish wood?
What should I do to make good on some lightly water damaged plaster?
Is it safe to have a gas stove on the same circuit as a couple lights
How do I remove this shower stem valve?
Can I ask my contractor to redo a tile job I'm not happy with?
How can I prevent spillage from my bathtub?
Why is the first shower of the day is colder than the second?
what substance should I use to refill a hole in wood?
Is it common for faucet handles to turn in opposite directions?
How can I repair a damaged UF cable
Can I mount a router to the Ridgid R4510 table saw?
Can I use a spray sealant to seal a leak in my radiator?
Can I repurpose existing cat5 telephone line for Ethernet networking?
Can I use metal brackets to install a wood fence across an existing concrete driveway?
What type of sump pump back up systems are available?
How do you properly clean hardwood floors?
How do I fix a slow toilet flush?
how can i fix my bath tub
Ceiling wifi wiring help
Can I use 22/4 wire instead of 20/2 wire?
Are replacement kitchen sprayers fairly interchangeable?
Are these toilet bolts installed properly?
Could my wall have been damaged while the painters were painting?
Why won't my natural gas fireplace light when it's cold?
How should I protect wood gates in a damp climate?
Should a water heater's anode be replaced?
Can these scrapers be used to remove paint from millwork?
Repairing wire dishwasher racks
How can I build shower niches into an old plaster and lath wall?
How to fix a loud, vibrating Maytag top loading washer?
Where can I find a knife blade with no handle?
How much sagging is considered normal for floors in old (100+ years) houses?
What can I do about this gap between my driveway and the street?
wiring a single bathroom fan servicing 2 rooms in the master bathroom suite with 2 separate switches on the same circuit as well as lighting
Radon Manometer U-Tube is almost equal
What could cause my water heater to pulsate during cold water usage?
How can I remove a tub spout with a stripped hex bolt/machine screw?
Which way does air flow into a furnace?
How can I remove a receptacle and abandon the electrical outlet?
Why can't Bosch Detail Sander be converted as an oscillating tool?
Why don't they make wood cutoff blades for 4.5" grinder?
Can I mount an 80" TV where only one stud is available?
What are some cheap (and landlord friendly) ways to fix a drafty flat?
Are w1 and w2 both energized during a second stage heat call from the thermostat?
Can I use old bowling alley lanes as counter tops?
Are there any ductless mini split systems that offer standard HVAC wiring controls?
Why did my locked door open by itself?
How should I connect these beams to the posts?
How do I prevent this bath faucet from leaking while the shower is running?
How do I cap off an unused refrigerator water line?
How to fix stuck pocket doors?
What is a good solution for hiding insulation in an unfinished basement?
How do I install a water line for a refrigerator in a galley kitchen?
Why did my oven light stop working after cleaning the oven?
How can I determine the manufacturer of my diverter?
What is the simplest way to create custom decorative LED-lighting?
How can I safely extend a wire in my electrical panel?
Can I use low voltage lights with a motion sensor?
Can I have a handrail on only one side of the stairs?
Should I texturize my ceiling after removing popcorn?
Why won't the lower agitator on my washing machine spin?
How to seal an indoor wood planter box?
What are the different parts of a toilet seat called?
Is it possible to install a ceiling fan without an electrical box?
Can I use a rotary tool to sharpen knives and other blades?
Is it possible to replace a ceiling fan speed controller with a switch?
How do you remove Minwax stainable wood filler?
Can I attach floating shelves to the wall in this way?
What is the function of a check valve on the inlet of a household macerator pump?
What size wire do I need to connect a portable generator inlet to my main panel?
Can oscillating multi-tools be used for fitting pattress boxes
How can I tell what dimmer switch to use with LED lights?
How do I turn off the power to my programable thermostat?
Could excess water in the boiler cause overflowing radiators?
How can I finish the gap above my door with Stucco?
Is tying a knot in an electrical wire safe?
What kind of valve is this and how do I disconnect it?
Is there a state mandated cap for electricity use in Spain?
What could cause my ceiling fan light to go off after 2 seconds of being on?
Should I use a hose clamp on my furnace drainage pipe?
How can I figure out why my light won't turn on?
How Can I re-attach my bathroom fixtures which are hanging loose from the wall?
Are generator interlock kits permitted in residential applications?
Do home radiators waste water?
Why does the hot water run cold at less than 'full throttle'?
Why is there no hot water in the kitchen?
What kind of material can I use to cover a window to keep the cold out?
What should I do about baseboard anchors in plaster-over-brick walls?
Will my wood platform support my generator?
Is voltage too high in C wire going to thermostat?
What options are available for insulating interior walls myself with minimal damage to the wall?
How should I mount a TV to a wall that slants inwards 8 degrees?
Is it normal to see nails coming through the roof decking after a new roof was installed?
Where could this green residue that is clogging fixture screens be coming from?
How do I remove cat spray smell from the exterior of the house?
What hardware do I need for selling the electricity generated by solar panels to the electric company?
How can I stop veggie garbage from coming out of my basement storm drain?
How can I measure the r-value of a wall?
Can I install hardwood floors (not floating) on a concrete floor?
Should switches in a kitchen area have GFCI protection?
Is there a required spacing between where high and low voltage lines attach to a house?
How to insulate sloped top of concrete block foundation?
Can I use a polarized cord and plug to rewire a non-polarized clock?
Is flashing required to attach a landing to the exterior of a house
What's with the different FHR ratings of these hot water tanks?
What units are the clutch settings on a drill?
Should I install an inline water heater for my bathroom?
How can I remove paint from slotted screw heads?
How can I add a piece of timber to my metal shed wall without creating a leak?
How do I clean up linseed oil?
What size hole do I need in masonry for an anchor that takes a 1/2" thread?
Why do my garage door opener remotes need to be reset frequently?
How can plywood edges be finished to conceal the plies?
Is a PTHP an HVAC option for a super or well insulated structure?
Does a whole house humidifier go on the intake or outlet of the furnace?
How can I disassemble this old bathroom faucet to fix a leak, without damaging the decorative chrome piece?
Why does my central heating system comes on on its own accord?
Can I use the wiring from a disabled home security system to power wireless cameras?
Do electric push activated screwdrivers exist?
How to patch a hole in stained wood (oak) so that the patch material matches the wood as close as possible?
Why isn't my garage door opener button working on new installation?
When finishing drywall, is it a common practice not to mud the bottom of horizontally-hung drywall?
Is it a legal requirement / building regulation to have a stopcock within a property?
How can I reduce the noise from a bathroom fan?
Can I build storage in front of heaters?
How can I repair water-damaged hardwood countertops?
How should I prepare drywall for wallpaper?
How do I wire two lights with a switch?
Is it better to stain before or after assembly?
My 5th (top) floor apartment is shaking; what might cause this?
How to mount ceramic tiles in a wrought iron frame?
Why did I receive an electric shock from my microwave?
How do you remove stick-on hooks?
Is it more effective to insulate the walls, or ceiling of an unheated basement?
Can I split a 3 wire circuit into 2 separate 2 wire circuits?
What should I look for when diagnosing electrical circuit gremlins where load is much less than capacity?
How can I retrofit this existing wall-heater with an external thermostat?
Why do my pot lights flicker randomly when not at full brightness?
How do I know when to switch to a finer grit when polishing marble?
How can I fix a table top that I spilled air freshener on?
What is the preparation before painting oil over waterborne alkyd paint?
How serious is mildew on the ceiling of the top floor of a house?
What could be causing this washer to rattle very loud sometimes?
Should I purchase a hand driller?
How to build a cheap adjustable stand
How can I make my own fabric replacement slats for my blinds?
Can I connect a combination heater/fan unit to the existing bathroom wiring?
How should I neutralize restored plaster walls?
How can I fix a small puncture hole in vinyl flooring?
How do I get even temperatures in my two-story house?
What wiring do I need for a fan/light/night-light fixture?
Can I move a drain without moving the vent too?
Why does my toilet randomly start running?
Where can I find strong magnetic strips?
Should a GFCI interrupt the entire circuit?
How do you plug an unused hole as per the NEC for a liquid tight enclosure?
Can I float a tongue-and-grooved 1x12 pine floor over a concrete slab on grade?
Why won't my washer spin even though it still agitates?
Can a gas fireplace insert heat an entire house?
What's causing the rumbling sound when my furnace kicks on?
What can I do to reduce cold infiltration by a direct-vent gas fire place?
How can I find an open neutral?
How to make a Bevel Lap Splice joint, for connecting a portable floor?
Why is my GFCI/Switch combo working in such an odd way?
What should be on my pre-purchase house self-inspection checklist?
Do Wood Stove/Fireplace Inserts come in 'direct vent' configurations?
What's causing my draft inducer to stay on?
How could I use 40lb Propane tanks in a residential hook up?
Is it a problem if the frame of my house extends 1 - 2" from the slab?
Why did my dryer shut off in the middle of drying a load?
Is there a type of cement that can be used to glue tiles to a wall?
Why would my lights take 10-20 seconds to turn on after installing a dimmer?
How do I determine which wax ring to use under my toilet?
Why won't my shower fully heat up?
What could cause bubbling in the downstairs toilet of an urban condo?
Should I have cavity wall insulation installed?
How do I fix my double tapped outside electric panel?
Does my electric panel need replacing?
Can I vent my bathroom exhaust fan into a plumbing drain vent?
Why are cordless drill batteries so expensive?
How can I fix or stop moisture damage caused by the kitchen sink?
Will this moisture problem persist after drywall is installed?
Why aren't my radiators heating up?
what is the easiest way too clean adhesive residue from glass?
What type of exterior floodlight will turn on slowly (or not at all) when it's cold out?
Does clear silicone sealer damage stone?
Can I install a sink sprayer with a faucet not designed to support one?
how do I increase natural gas pressure on outdoor fireplace
What type of glue sticks to tiles?
Why do I only have 30V going to my light fixture
How do I remove a drill bit that is stuck due to an overtightened chuck?
Why won't my propane boiler's pilot stay lit after replacing the thermocouple?
How can I replace an Armstrong Astro 20B pump?
Is it safe to shut off cold water entering water heater?
How do I determine the origin of a window's leak?
How can I wire this replacement bathroom extractor fan?
How do I patch my wall with tile along the seam?
How do I reattach pool tiles?
Can I block a skylight during summer without condensation?
What happens when you test a smoke detector?
What should be done when clothes wrinkle from being too long in a tumble dryer?
How do I tape a joint between drywall and plaster?
Can my floor support Kitchen Island?
What is involved in fixing a break in a frost-free faucet?
Which side of a sink should I install a garbage disposal in?
How do I wire a receptacle and a light switch?
What is the cheapest way to stiffen a tube/pipe?
Are there lightbulb base adapters available?
Can I install a light between two three-way switches?
Is snow piled against the outer wall likely to cause damp?
Are there websites to manage home improvement projects?
Why won't my washer machine motor, gearbox, or inside basket free spin
How should I rewire this situation?
Is this radiator too small?
How should I insulate behind the last floor joist that runs parallel to the foundation wall?
How do I hang a 500lb bed swing?
How can I stop my boiler from making all this noise?
How can I insulate an area without an attic above it?
How can I locate an odor emanating from the kitchen/laundry area?
How should I clean stone surfaces prior to applying sealer?
How can double swinging closet doors be installed?
How do I cut a brick fireplace hearth to allow for a laminate flooring expansion gap?
How can I replace a Delta 1400 shower valve cartridge?
How to sand wood without flattening it
How can I fix a big crack on an old hutch?
Why does the shower get cold when I flush, and how can I prevent it?
How should I remove carpet in preparation for sanding and polishing floorboards?
Why do I run out of hot water after 5 min?
How can I remove this toilet shutoff valve?
How do you build a bookcase around an outside or convex corner?
Motion Sensor Timer
What does the low limit do, and where should it be set on an oil fired hot water furnace?
How can I shave about 1/8" from a 8'x3/4"x1 1/2" strip of oak?
How should I install hardwood flooring around spindles?
How much sag on a roof is acceptable?
What could cause my radiators to go cold when the hot water is turned on?
Do 22.5 degree pipe fittings exist?
What hinges should I use for my overlay cabinet doors?
What kinds of dimmers do I need?
Does a single-gang double timer switch exist?
What could be causing this leaky evaporator problem?
How can I wire an HD antenna into my attic?
How do I open a padlock after it has frozen?
How should I go about installing a 12 volt DC residential circuit?
How can I determine why there is no water coming from my hot taps?
How can I prevent my HVAC condensate drain line from freezing?
What are these electrical boxes in the closet that have no breakers in a house with buttons for the light switches?
How to insulate my garage walls using sheathing
How can I remove an inner wall of a gambrel house?
How can I transition from carpeted stairs to an engineered hardwood floor?
What can I do about this gap between the sill/exterior board and the subfloor?
Is it normal for tap water to turn brown/blue when the pipes freeze?
What could be causing my solid stained doors to make cracking noises?
Should I let pressure treated lumber dry before building with it?
Is it possible that no water running to one toilet could be from frozen pipes?
How can I replace my old dimmer switch?
How can I protect my (engineered) hardwood floor from scratching?
How do I run a dock circuit and what size breaker will be needed?
Why am I getting condensation on vapour barrier?
How to verify if the protective earth/ground is separated from the neutral wire in an electrical AC installation?
How can I verify that the protective earth/ground is separate from the neutral wire in an electrical AC installation?
Should I install drywall or plywood above a drop ceiling to increase the insulation value?
How do I seal a downspout leak in my shed?
How/where should I put a water dispenser on this counter?
Rewiring House (Coax and Ethernet)
Which wall should I install a replacement thermostat on?
What could be causing the grinding noise in my washing machine?
Can I Use 4" CPVC Pipe for a Dryer vent?
How to replace wire next to another wire?
What could cause neutral wires in my service panel to read 120V?
What water:cement:sand ratio gives the strongest mortar?
How can I accurately measure the angle of my walls?
Are curtains effective for keeping the room warm?
What should I do with a shallow closet?
How can I handle carpenter ants?
What could be causing a leaky p trap under my bathroom sink?
How to remove radiator pipe and value?
Why does the air flow heavily from my downstairs vents, but very weak from my upstairs vents?
How do I set the timer for a Baxi Luna boiler?
When extending a wrench using a breaker bar, should I connect the two with a spline bit?
Can an alcove tub be installed with most of it behind a wall?
How can I make wooden stairs slip-proof?
How should I treat a rusty corner bead in the bathroom before covering it again?
How do I make my bathroom pipes more practical?
What type of enclosure should I use to mount a small network switch in a crawl space?
How do I mount a TV on 1 inch of plaster that is on top of fire-board?
How do I stop a leak in a refrigerator water line connection?
How can I straighten bent refrigerator radiator fins?
Should I be able to run some 1.5" PVC chase conduits from attic to basement next to a cold air return?
How can I prevent the hose in the toilet tank from popping out of the tubing?
How should I affix a flat horizontal object to a vertical chain?
How can I securely fasten a carriage bolt?
How do I create concrete or fiberglass outdoor seating that will last?
How do I pressure test a natural gas line and what do the valve pressure ratings mean?
Which tile cutter to use for commercial flooring tiles?
How to fix a bump in the carpet?
Is it wrong to connect multiple J-bends (traps) together?
Can a modern washing machine pump high enough to reach a sewer line that's 43" above the ground?
What could be causing thumping in the wall when the bathroom shower, toilet, or sink are used?
How does 4-quadrant metering of 3-phase electricity work?
Does a humidifier cool the air?
Are all epoxy created equal?
How do I build a Gambrel roof?
How can I install a new bathroom GFCI receptacle?
How can I split my rg6 cable runs without losing my signal?
What kind of pipe insulation is appropriate for sun exposure?
Can I darken my grout?
How to clean a calcified bathtub outlet that I can't dismantle?
How do I apply the same texture to the bathroom wall after patching a hole?
Why is my electric circuit breaker tripping?
What do I need to do to change from Halogen to LED?
How do I unblock an interceptor chamber?
Can I share a stack between two toilets?
What dangers are associated with changing the pilot light assembly on a gas water heater?
What is a split bus panel, and how do I recognize it in the field?
How to remove flex hose from a single-control, tall faucet?
How can I shut off circuits when I have a generator with an automatic transfer switch?
How do I fill a gap between wall tile and acrylic shower base
How to use ceramic glaze to waterproof an earthen tank?
How do I repair cracks in the concrete pillars supporting my patio roof?
How can I repair this broken bathroom tap?
What materials could be used instead of cement for a water-tight trench
How to prevent incandescent light bulbs from heating up the room, safely?
How can I install 3 way switches that cut power to several 2 way switches?
How can I install this programmable switch?
How to drill the perfect hole in a kitchen cabinet drawer for a handle?
How can I install this automatic transfer switch?
How can I cut regularly spaced 45 degree grooves in a piece of wood?
What is the best way to wash away a bleach cleanser in the shower?
Is it code compliant to vent my bathroom exhaust through the turbine vent in our attic?
Can I convert a LH inswing door into a RH inswing?
What could cause a drumming noise in my house?
What do you call the piece that holds a router bit's guide wheel in place?
How come my refrigerator doesn't leak if I removed the ice maker?
Is it OK to have ground wire connected to breaker box wall instead of neutral bus?
How do I insulate the ceiling in my crawlspace?
How can I install this programmable switch where a neutral is not present?
Is it bad that my cordless drill is smoking?
How effective are DIN 985 self-locking nuts?
Can I replace an old closet light with multiple electrical outlets?
Why won't my toilet flush right? Did our plumbers not put something back right?
What are possibilities of balancing 3-phase consumption?
Can polyethylene backer rod be used to caulk (silicone) a ceramic tile shower wall to an acrylic base
Do I need a vent on this emergency drain?
How can I repair or replace this rusty leaking bathroom sink handle?
What could cause a ceiling fan to lose rotation speed?
Is it a good idea to have an Infrared scan and/or air quality test done during a home inspection?
Can I replace a single light switch with a 3-way switch that can individually control 2 lights in a fixture?
How do I add a new exterior door to a room?
How can I repair my bathroom cabinet?
What could cause my tankless water heater to make a knocking sound?
How do I cover nail holes in composite trim in a wet location?
How can I neatly install temperature probes in my ductwork?
How can I hang a closet rod where there are no studs?
How do I add fire protection to a common (shared) wall?
Why is an AFCI tripping when a particular light on a different circuit is turned on?
How do I rewire this circuit controlling several lights and receptacles?
Should I use 3 wire or 4 wire for a range?
What should I do about this load bearing wall that is only supported by a joist floor?
How to install invisible pet fence in frozen ground?
How do I repair a wooden door's hinge binding?
Could this cracked drywall be caused by a shifting house?
Is there any problem building a wall under floor joists at mid span?
How can I figure out where this water is coming from?
What size ceiling joists and rafters should I use for a 14' span?
Is super insulating exterior walls with rigid foam board insulation possible?
What can I do about a toilet drain pipe that is too high above the floor?
How can I clear out limescale from inside a bath's pipes?
Can I use a paint & primer combo on new wood?
How can I patch a large hole in a metal bathtub?
What is causing my light bulbs to burn out so quickly?
How can I provide my furnace with outside combustion makeup air?
What is causing my front door to sweat?
How can I repaint this desk?
Where could the air in the water system be coming from?
Why does my shower have low water pressure?
How can I fix my uPVC window that won't close properly?
How can I wire multiple recessed lights and multiple dimmers?
How do I slow down a pocket door when opening and closing?
How should I attach a chin-up bar to floor joists?
How to prevent router from grabbing board when doing face moulding?
How do I fix air leak in windows?
How do I select the right generator?
How can I remotely control electrical devices?
Is there a significant benefit to using plastic window insulation year round?
Why is my furnace blower coming on so early in the ignition process?
How can I finish and seal an interior exposed brick wall?
How can I frame this multi-level deck?
Should I carpet the stairs or install hardwood flooring first?
Where does the excess electricity from my solar panels go?
How can I attach an under-sink water filtration system to the water line?
Why does pressure relief valve state 'Not for Use with Water Heaters'?
How can I cut this semi rigid aluminum duct for my dryer?
What happens if I don't replace my water treatment filter?
Does turning the air conditioning on and skipping its "fan" setting damage the air conditioner?
Can I move my furnace room ventilation intake closer to my furnace?
How can I unbend a bent furnace filter slot?
How to make a floor plan?
What future-proofing should I include when refurbishing an apartment?
Where should I place nails when installing crown molding?
Can I connect wall sconces to an existing switched circuit?
How to drill and waterproof a hole in cinder block for PVC drain?
Can municipal authorities get warrant to search suspected building site in U.S.?
What is the proper way to dispose of used hydrochloric acid?
Is it normal for acrylic caulk to dissolve?
How can I repair my leaky toilet?
What causes a water heater's relief valve to discharge water?
Can a thermocouple be partially bad?
How can I remove an energy gel stain from my carpet?
How do I find the water main entry point to my house?
How do I remove the head off this Giacomini thermostatic radiator valve?
What's a reasonable expectation for efficiency in modern solar panels?
What is a good strategy to support this deck?
What material can I use for this custom corner desk?
Can different gauge wiring be used in the same circuit?
Can I use the glass from a gas fireplace insert on wood fireplace?
Can I change the color of the mortar in my brick wall?
Why isn't water running through our radiators?
How can I remove the wires from this lamp holder?
How can I attach a light fixture to plasterboard?
Why is my electric hot water heater producing lukewarm/cold water?
Why is there a sewer gas smell coming from my door jamb?
What cut of wood should I use for door stile & rails?
How can I wire this three-way circuit between two buildings with only 3 conductors?
Should I continue to remove the cement board, or just remove the tiles?
What is the minimum roof slope to accommodate rainwater drainage?
What is the correct use for linseed oil on outdoor wood?
How do I easily separate unglued PVC pipe from joints?
Can I re-use a roller tray liner?
How do I replace a wooden fence post that was set in concrete?
Is this a scuff on my hardwood floor? How can I fix it?
Why is my furnace blowing hot air outside?
What are the codes for electrical wiring in attics?
Is a built-in oven easier to maintain than a standalone one?
Which screw and anchor should I use to mount a projector screen?
Why is water heater making the water smell like sulfur?
Why do I have to seal my bath screen from the outside?
What could be causing my air conditioner to make a humming sound?
Can I wash and continue to use dishes that were in a sink with a brush used for varnishing?
Should I mount brackets to the wall or the shelves first?
Should I put a dimmer switch on a ceiling fan?
How can I keep neighbor's cats from using my yard as their litter box?
Is it possible to earthquake-proof furniture when you have plaster walls?
What considerations do I need to make when mounting heavy objects on plaster walls?
How can I tell if the sagging in my plaster ceiling is getting worse?
Why won't my deadbolt unlock and how can I fix it?
How do I install a range anti-tip kit into hardwood floor on concrete?
How can I plane the edges of plywood?
What is the correct way to secure a gas standalone range?
Should I install the jumper on my new limit control?
Is there a way to make a thermostat based heating system more accurate through either adding probes or hacking?
Should I use caulk or grout between the edge of a tiled bathroom floor and the walls?
What are "termination points" and why do I need them on my electrical supply?
How can I vent my bathroom through a ground floor vertical-slider privacy window?
Where should I discharge my bathroom exhaust to?
How do I cut bamboo flooring with only a hand miter saw and a circular saw available?
How can I stop water from coming up through the floor?
Why is it OK to use a 50 A receptacle on a 40 A circuit?
Which pH should I aim for when neutralizing restored/refinished antique surfaces?
Do attic vents or rafter baffles need to be as wide as the rafter bay?
How can I unclog a passive bathroom air vent?
How can I improve the insulation in the lower attic space?
Should I use Tyvek or tar paper on basement walls?
Why do I have low hot water pressure in my kitchen?
Will sealing off rafter spaces and unusable spaces help my attic insulation plan?
How do I hang a pot rack in a plaster ceiling?
What could cause a shower to give warm water for a few seconds, then only cold water?
Will I cause problem/cracks with jumping exercise in upper floor?
How can I stop heat loss due to an uninsulated porch?
Is it possible to reduce a 1" thick board to 1"/N boards?
Why do my downstairs radiators run colder than upstairs?
How do I replace a door hinge with no screws?
How do I find and eliminate a sickly sweet smell in my apartment with no obvious source?
How can I prevent my twin pocket doors from meeting too hard?
How do I install vapor-retarder underlayment paper under vinyl floor planks?
When sanding hardwood floors, should I buy a rotary or oscillating tool?
Why won't the pilot light on my gas fireplace stay lit?
How do I measure for a toilet rough-in?
How can I use a separate transformer to provide a C wire to my thermostat?
Should I remove limbs before felling a tree?
Why are some of the boards in my hardwood floors disintegrating?
What is the proper way to install a exterior door in brick/drywall wall?
How can I safely remove one baseboard heater out of a set of two?
Can I use a threaded rod for a rafter tie?
Can I steal a neutral wire from another circuit?
How to remove calcium scale at waterline in swimming pool?
How can I bore a hole through a framing member, without causing a lot of damage to the wall covering?
Whats the difference between black, blue and red PEX pipes sleeves
Is it safe to install a three pronged cable into a four pronged dryer?
How do I fix bubbles under linoleum flooring?
How can I stop gurgling at discharge outlet from sump pump?
If I turn off the breaker to the Gas furnace will the pilot light go out?
What does a Summer/Winter switch on furnace air ducts do?
How is a pre-existing condition evaluated by home warranty companies
How can I paint both sides of a door without waiting for each side to dry first?
How should I install slab doors when the jamb has been drywalled over?
What's the difference between Rust-oleum and Rust-oleum Professional?
Why does my GFCI receptacle trip when I connect the load wires?
How do I remove spots from my new ceramic tiles?
How can I remove a stuck screw that will still turn?
Is it safe to cut and put a compression end on a live cable TV wire?
What should I check if my chainsaw fails to start?
How can I convert my under cabinet lighting from halogen to LED?
What is that dripping noise I hear in the wall whenever cold water is used after sitting awhile?
What do I need to fix this leaky sink?
Why is there an arc when I pull a plug out of an outlet?
Should I add plywood or OSB between sistered beams?
What is the easiest way to remove the old grout?
How can I alter a chimney to make the smoke rise higher?
Is it safe to not have a safety cutoff on an immersion heater?
How can I replace a board in floating wood floor?
How can I drive a screw with an impact drill?
Is it feasible to use a work bench without a vise for woodworking?
Is it legal to just replace an existing extractor fan in a shower room with a similar model?
How can I mount a keyboard tray under my hollow desk?
What type of screws and anchors are used for concrete?
Can I paint over a stain on a laminated cabinet?
Is it possible to silver braze steel parts printed by a 3D printer?
What type of mortar should I use?
How do I darken new mortar in a brick wall to match the older mortar?
Will plaster on basement walls and ceiling provide insulation?
What are switches activated by a closet door called?
Why won't the GFCI-protected devices in my kitchen work even though they seem to have power?
Can remodeling work around a window cause moisture / condensation problems?
Is the back section of this house salvageable or should it be knocked down?
Can you terminate more than one common on the furnace C terminal?
How do I get a plastic bag logo stain off my finished wood table?
How can I join PVC pipe in a food safe way?
Why is my gas furnace now continually just blowing out cold air?
How can I remove paint from this window's aluminum track?
How do I fix an exterior door knob that will unlock but not turn?
Is it normal to have a bulge along the seam between pieces of drywall?
Why is cold water coming from the hot part of the faucet?
Should I be concerned with my back flow valve pit filling with water?
How do I replace a 7' drop ceiling so it matches an 8' ceiling with 2 layers of drywall and popcorn texturing?
Can I replace just the plastic frame around the glass panes on my front door?
Will the water be able to drain out of a blocked toilet?
What framing do I need to build a garage with 13 ft walls to store a boat?
Where should carbon monoxide detectors be located?
How can I turn off the power to an outlet if a water alarm is triggered?
Why is the joint compound cracking around a repaired patch in my ceiling?
Does each zone in a two-zone heating system have its own pilot light?
Is it possible to replace this board in the floor with similar hardwood flooring?
How tight should a Maid-o-Mist steam valve adjustment screw be?
How do I mount curtain rods securely into crumbling plasterboard?
Can replacing a T&P valve be done as DIY by a home owner?
Can I use my old service panel as a sub-panel when I install a new one?
Why does turning on one light turn off a different light?
Why do light bulbs all over the house burn out disconcertingly fast?
How do I replace this bathtub handle that has a plastic piece?
Is this switch properly grounded?
Can I feed a sub-panel from a sub-panel?
Is this the proper procedure for attaching a mosaic to the wall?
Any way to monitor load on a power outlet and receive notifications of usage?
What does the inspector mean by "Hot and Neutral are not separated"?
Fastest way to apply light colour on a wallpaper
What is a 'grounded neutral' and how bad is it?
Are there any advantages to using higher priced sealers?
Why won't my portable generator start?
How to repair a large hole in OSB?
What is a good uPVC window or wooden double glazed replacement window solution?
Why isn't my mini fridge staying cold?
How can I improve my hot water heater's performance?
Why do I need a shower faucet cartridge?
How can I keep the front door from blowing open?
How do I install a washing maching in my condo?
What causes hammering from a new diverter when other faucets are quickly turned on and off?
Is it safe to install a heating duct register in the ceiling directly above a home entertainment center?
How do I make professional grade double pane glass at home?
Why won't my clothing iron work in one outlet but works in others?
How can I get my thermostat C wire connected?
How to trace mystery switches
How do I wire a GFCI combination light switch when power enters at the light?
How can I safely cut this pipe with an angle grinder?
Why aren't there more PVC gutters in the U.S.?
How can I stiffen the subfloor of an upstairs bathroom?
Connection for C wire on Mastertrol Mark V zone control panel
How can I fix this broken connector piece on my Symmons shower Knob?
Is it worth replacing globe valve with ball valve for my main shutoff?
How can I clean exterior pebble dashing?
How can I prevent these LEDs from blinking when turned off?
What is the bedroom section of a master bedroom with foyer called?
Are non-GFCI outlets that are downstream of a GFCI outlet ground fault protected if they are fed from the GFCI outlet's load side?
Will I trap moisture in the concrete of basement walls and floors if I seal them with epoxy?
How do I replace the front door on a stucco house?
Should I paint door hinges?
How do I wire this GFCI receptacle/switch combination device?
How can I rewire this circuit?
How do I stabilize a knob on a hollow-core bifold door?
Why is my main water supply shut off valve leaking even while closed?
How can I fill a hole in wood so that it can be redrilled?
How do I turn the heat down in my house?
How do I connect the wires inside a conduit junction box?
How do I provide proper fire protection in this situation?
How can I eliminate an odor in an unvented bathroom?
Why is water sitting under the basket of my GE topload washer?
What kind of lightbulb is this?
how can I dim two sets of lights and run a fan by replacing my 3 manual switch
How to reduce noise from my refrigerator?
How do I stop water from seeping between my porch roof and house siding?
What type of support would I use for a hutch that is leaning inward?
How can I use bulk electrical wire to make a subfloor heating system?
How can I attach a sink drain to a drain that is higher than the sink?
How do I find the studs on my ceiling through 4.5" of polyiso?
How can I prevent color variants when painting over wall putty?
Is it code-legal to have a circuit breaker box within a storage room?
How do I fix drywall around wall box so switch plate covers damage?
How can I insulate kitchen vent to prevent cold air blowing through all the time?
Should we cover weep holes with wire mesh?
How can I affix this wood transition piece?
Why does my Kenmore washing machine not move out of the wash cycle?
How can I preserve 2" x 9" wood slabs in the Florida climate?
How do I modify a refrigerator water line to add a shut off valve and flexible pipe?
How do you wash brushes?
maxipod heat store problem
What's the difference between Casing and Trim?
What could be causing this leak near my chimney?
Can I paint over XPS insulation?
How powerful of a hammer drill do I need to make holes in a concrete ceiling?
Should We Put our Washer and Dryer Outside?
What can I do to avoid incandescent bulbs for my 3-bulb ceiling fan, yet maintain brightness?
Can I obtain grounding from a different outlet?
How can I figure out what material my row home's interior and party walls are made out of?
Does lamp maximum wattage matter for CF bulbs?
Is joist sag at connection with header a problem?
What is code for installing a dishwasher in the U.S.?
What should I do if I'm unsatisfied with my recent roof replacement?
How can I close a rectangular PVC pipe without using glue?
How can I update this very stubborn antique bed frame so the mattress fits properly?
Is it hazardous to leave a hole in the wall for a week or two?
How do I backtrace a landscape catch basin with only the exit point?
Why do builders say that wet concrete/mortar is not as strong?
What is the difference between building sand and plaster sand
How do I extend existing 10/3 wiring to run a compressor that needs 12/2 wiring?
How can I attach a handrail to the wall so that it will be easily removable?
Is there a way to fix a small chip in a wall's paint?
What is causing the SUPER loud noise from my dryer
How to repair this shower/bathroom wall for bathroom remodel.
How do I install a manufactured stone surround on a zero clearance fireplace?
What is a recommended height for tile edging?
Is there a name for thin (3/8") redwood/cedar boards for basketweave?
What type of hinges do I need for this cupboard?
How to read my radon system
How can I find a replacement external tub drain if the original has no identifiable markings?
Would adding new basement windows jeopardize the integrity of the foundation?
Should I replace an existing gas fireplace with electric?
How can I fix a small slightly damp area in my basement wall?
Which technique of wood joining is the best for joining these boards of a small table?
How to determine tankless water heater requirements?
There's a bunch of unshielded copper wire in a light switch - what is it and what does it do?
Are PEX required for shower mixers?
How can I rehang heavy fire doors?
Is it OK to nail 1/2" plywood straight to the pocket-door box?
What lamps available in the UK are compatible with BS 546 plugs?
How can I convert two recessed lights on a single pole switch to two separate lights with light controls?
Can I get a completely flush plaster-in switch or socket?
Do soft casters on rolling chars hurt hardwood floors?
How can I fix a shower faucet valve that is sticky?
Why am I not getting hot water from my tankless hot water heater?
How can I prevent grout from sticking in the small dimples in tiles?
How can I add two bathroom receptacles behind and above a vanity?
Can I extend the ground/bus bar in a main service to accomodate subpanel equipment ground?
What is the minimum distance that should be maintained between parallel electric and data cables?
How do I replace the exterior wall without damaging the siding?
Is this water damage, dry rot, or just old age?
How should I re-fit a coat hook onto a door?
How close can speaker wire be to a recessed light before heat is a concern?
How can I prepare a wall for reasonably heavy tiles in a shower area?
Do I need junction boxes where conduit containing data cables terminates?
How do I sharpen wood lathe tools?
If professionals mount my TV, is it their job to hide the wires?
Why does the pilot light on my Vermont Castings stove keep blowing out?
Is the lack of a vapor barrier in the attic causing my mold issue?
Why is the water pressure so high from my overhead water tank?
Which router would be more useful for kitchen cabinet work?
Why am I having an attic ventilation problem this year when I didn't last year?
How to remove construction adhesive from concrete?
Can you identify this seal?
Do I have to remove the existing 6' fence posts to install an 8' metal fence?
Can I use SharkBite connectors on a copper stub out?
Why does my boiler keep shutting down and reigniting after a minute?
Can too little sand equal weaker concrete?
How can I hang a heavy mirrored bathroom cabinet?
Can I support a 6' span between two platforms with angle iron?
What does that mean if my LED light bulb starts blinking when I turned it on?
What should I do about paint flaking away from an area with moisture in the wall?
How can I reproduce this painting effect?
Why isn't my thermostat working?
Should a concrete slab slope toward my house?
Is there a way to drill a 1"-diameter hole through 1/8"-thick steel using a standard cordless power drill?
What would happen if I went over the wattage limit specified by my path lights?
Can I use a UPS as a Voltage Stabilizer?
Does such a door knob/handle exist that has the latch bolt installed on the outside of the door?
Is there any NEC code requirement for how far off the floor Category 5 wiring must be run?
How can I immerse a light bulb in water?
Does code require the gas line to be replaced when replacing a furnace?
Should I install vapor barrier in my basement bathroom?
Can I insulate over 1/2 in. styrofoam?
How do I size a wall sleeve for a through-the-wall air conditioner?
How do I remove this dimmer light switch cover so I can paint the wall?
How can I wire this dimmer switch?
How can I level my bedroom floor?
What is the best way to level a tree log?
Are butcher-block countertops appropriate for a very hot and humid climate?
What maintenance is needed for subway tiles?
Do shower water supply line covers need to be sealed or caulked?
How to read this floor map scale?
Is it practical to install a second water heater near my kitchen?
How do I safely install a weight bearing fitness equipment system in an apartment?
Why do some table saws have a direct and a reverse ruler on the fence?
Do I need to add a vent when moving a toilet drain across the bathroom?
How do I best display LED strips so the bulbs are hidden from sight?
Can I install Delta-FL in only part of a basement?
How can I find an interior wall from the crawl space?
Why am I only getting 92V at receptacles?
What's the difference between Husky brand and HDX brand?
How to setup a shower timer to actually turn off the water?
How can I remove paint smears on my vinyl siding?
Why don't the locks on the bottom of my uPVC windows lock into place?
How can I hide the gap at the base of the stairs and the door, when installing laminate flooring?
Is this a good drywall hole cutter?
Why isn't my thermostat clicking on/off automatically?
How can I replace cast iron sewer drain that goes through the basement wall?
What's a simple solution to have 2 NEMA 14-30 receptacles and switch power between them?
How would I disable my range oven's timer?
How do I re-attach my kitchen cabinet's laminate?
How do I determine the correct tile trim depth?
What type of paint should I use to paint a block foundation wall?
Why do the lights on my newly installed ceiling fan flick on and then off immediately?
How can I attach a 1/8" strip of steel to MDF so that it stays secure forever for eternity?
How can I fix this leaky water heater?
How can I cover the hole left by removing a kitchen wall fan?
Can I install a garden chiminea in a wooden shed?
What is the liquid in a Radon U-tube Manometer?
How does one typically do "Old Work" with metal junction boxes?
How can I stop my radiators "clicking" when they're turned on or off?
How do I install kitchen cabinets?
Why does the water pressure in my boiler go up so high?
Why does our "granite" worktop mark so easily?
Are these brown finger-like things on the outside of my house caused by termites?
How can I replace the bleed plug for my towel rail?
Will combining roof venting systems cause short cycling?
How risky is it to cap an old (metal system) sprinkler head?
Is this water heater drain configuration safe?
What to do about subfloor covering sole plates?
Can I cover junction boxes in the attic with insulation?
How can I build a privacy fence?
How to repair a small hardwood crack?
What would cause this bad flame pattern in my boiler?
Should I add batt insulation to concrete basement walls?
Do I have to prime over spackle?
Do z-wave products suffer any limitations in the UK because of radio limits?
Why does it take my dryer 3 hours to dry a load of clothes?
Can I use another grout sealer after using Grout Boost?
Should I attempt to get to a potentially damaged trap and check it out myself?
What wires do I need to run to my wall mounted tv?
How do I locate studs in my wall?
What should I consider when removing part of the second floor to make higher ceilings?
How do I locate a dryer exhaust vent?
Why does my bathroom shower have too much water pressure?
Is it safe to use a GU10 adapter in a E27 recessed fixture?
How can I strip and repaint a concrete porch?
Why is my electric water heater making an intermittent groaning noise?
How can I repair a slow leak in my concrete fountain?
What type of cleaner should be used to remove "hand sludge" from a varnished wood railing?
How do I install a bathroom exhaust system?
Why am I getting 50V at a light when the switch is off?
How can I make a park bench more sturdy?
What type of lattice should I use for a privacy screen?
What do you call the clips for attaching a dado rail?
How can I add lighting in my bedrooms without too many visible wires?
How can I add a relay to the manual control for my HVAC unit?
How can I transition between these floors?
How do I reverse erosion which is lowering earth around fence posts?
Is it better to paint wood siding or replace it with vinyl?
Can I burn wood in this fireplace?
What could be causing a urine smell in our bathrooms?
How can I attach a ledger board to my house?
Can I use brake fluid or steering fluid to stop a fan from squeaking?
Can I build a French drain with old concrete and brick instead of rock?
Why don't people use rigid or spray foam insulation in attics?
How can I attach stainless steel utensils to aluminium posts?
How can I level this concrete floor so I can install laminate?
Can I use the original drain line after I move my washing machine twenty feet away?
Can I upgrade my garage to 20amp service without a headache?
What do I need to do to finish this outside-door install properly?
What should I do after mistakenly using moldy paint on drywall?
How should I finish around this hole in my slab?
Should I continue my basement subfloor under the stairs?
What to look for in a new furnace
How can I get a straight line at the ceiling when painting a textured wall?
What is the most durable wood to use for an outdoor swing set
How should I use fiberglass batts to insulate between floor joists over a stone basement?
How can I install an electrical panel when the stud cavity is too narrow?
How should I flatten (not level) a concrete subfloor?
Do deck coatings work as claimed?
How can I add ventilation to my basement office?
Can I use two wire nuts instead of one to connect 6 wires inside a 3-gang box?
How to tile over shower wall surround flange?
How can I hang a heavy frame without making holes in the walls?
How should I tidy up loose speaker wires?
Where can I connect the ground wire when replacing my oven heating element?
How big should a gap be between a built-in oven and a shelf for mounting a microwave?
Will having a joint between concrete beams weaken a structure?
How do I get even water pressure from a bathtub mixer faucet?
How do I tighten a PVC fitting in a narrow space behind a sink?
What should I consider when cutting/making window in concrete foundation?
Can my drywall act as an air barrier?
Is it alright for an exhaust fan to vent into the loft?
What kind of wood is around this fireplace?
Can a lack of oxygen cause septic tank deterioration?
Is it possible to make a heliostat with no moving parts?
Why is my freezer making a very loud buzzing noise after being unplugged for a few days?
How do I determine rough opening sizes for common closet door sizes?
How can I install a pendant light fixture on a cathedral ceiling with no attic space?
How can house hot water pressure be kept stable if more than one hot tap is open?
What is this rectangular device on my apartment wall?
Should I peel off the top layer of vinyl in preparation for tiling?
How should I patch a popcorn ceiling?
How to resolve a drainage issue with aerator lower than the original outlet
If I use (2) 3/4" inlet PEX manifolds (hot/cold), do I need 1" PEX supply from the meter?
What are good options for protecting expensive lawn equipment?
How do I water wood to open the grain?
Can I use two 2x4's to replace 4x4 posts in a loft bed?
How do I interpret my furnace clearance diagram?
How can I block off a doorway with studwork on a brick wall?
How can I build a brick mailbox?
What could be causing low pressure in my new faucet, a Moen 87690SRS?
What is a good PWM driver for LED lighting?
Is this gas line not suitable for direct burial?
What can I do about this painted concrete?
Can a non-expandable filter be used in place of an EZ flex furnace filter?
How should I attach the cable of a cable-supported shelf?
How to get rid of fleas in an apartment with carpeted floors?
Plug HRV (Constructo 2.0 ES) into power bar?
How do I prepare a ceiling for restomping?
Will Polyurethane bond to a surface that was sanded with 320 grit?
How can I smooth a seam between cement board?
How difficult is it to cut a big (flange) hole in brittle marble tile?
How can I repair a hole in the underside of a granite counter?
Does XPS+OSB subfloor need to be anchored?
What size lumber do I need for a mezzanine floor to support a 20,000 lbs load?
What type and rating of insulation should be used in a basement bathroom?
What should I do about a crack in the concrete slab in my living room?
I need a multiple-switch light switch which can't all be turned off at once
Why did my ceiling light fixture stop working after adding an outlet on the same circuit?
Can I use engineered I joists as studs in a wall?
Which comes first - Flooring or Kitchen Remodel?
Which steel is stronger: Cold rolled, hot rolled, or stainless?
How can I fix a bathtub refinishing debacle?
What are my options for installing a water softener on the opposite side of the house from the main water supply?
How does this axial-flow propeller pump work?
What could be wrong with my air conditioner?
When can I seal the picnic table I made from pressure treated lumber?
How can I remove paint stains from a bathtub?
How can I stop this GFCI receptacle from tripping?
Will a Dremel multipurpose bit cut through 1/2 inch polycarbonate?
How to narrow a closet door opening?
How can I paint over an existing paint design without making it permanent?
What can I do about this gap between a wooden board and the sink?
How can I clean oil stains from vitreous floor tiles?
What alternate ways are there to get into a garage when you don't have the opener?
Can CFL bulbs in a fixture with a dimmer switch damage old wiring?
What is the best way to build a box to elevate my bathroom fan above joists?
What protection is needed to access the crawlspace under the house?
How to open ceiling light cover to replace bulb
Switching from multiple thermostats to a single one
How do I string a low voltage wire between two buildings?
Do you really *have* to mortise for hinges and other door hardware?
Why does water and gunk back up through the overflow hole in the bathroom sink?
What NEC requirements apply to installing receptacle next to a tree?
How should I ground two switches in a handy box that were previously ungrounded?
What should I do to level an uneven floor with a potential load bearing wall above?
What advanced features are available for sprinkler systems?
Does cork flooring underlayment have to be glued down?
What structure is required for my neighbors adjoining fence?
Does it matter how the chuck on a drill is set when it is stored?
How do I clean a root cellar under my porch to make it suitable for food storage?
How can I create low-cost, fire resistant, hidden in-wall storage?
Why does it take a second for water to come out of the kitchen faucet?
How can I electrically test an RJ45 plug?
Can I use a drywall anchor in a stud to hang a shower curtain rod?
How can I tell if a ceiling box will support a real light fixture?
How can I make a smooth transition from granite to drywall?
How do I patch a hole in the slab under a kitchen island?
Can I safely make a door frame taller?
Why is water collecting in the base of my furnace?
What are these holes in my concrete wall and how can I mount things to them?
How do I transition between tile and drywall in a tub surround?
Should I use primer alone first, or can I use paint+primer on renovated/patched walls?
Can you make your own epoxy grout?
How much movement is normal after mounting a TV on partition wall?
Is a single ductless HVAC system more efficient than two smaller ductless systems?
Can brick patio and walk edging be removed without damaging the edging?
How do you disconnect a TV cable that runs all along the walls throughout the house?
What is the official name for wiring hole stops/plugs and where can I buy them?
How do I wire a 3 gang switch in my new bath?
Why am I getting 20V from a light socket after changing the bulb?
What grout to use on this glass mosaic tile
Is there a way to fix a leak in the pressurized side of a pool system without digging it up?
What economical ways exist to dampen floor vibration on top floor apartment?
Where do I attach the grounding conductor to my bedroom light fixture?
How do I remove carpet tape from a painted wall?
How can I tighten a bolt in a circular hole?
Is it a problem that my toilet flange is 3/8" below the surrounding tile?
How should I prepare a plywood subfloor for floating vinyl plank flooring?
How do I widen an existing asphalt driveway with crushed gravel?
Do 240V receptacle use the same connectors as 120V receptacles for the same amperage?
How do I remove a bolt that's stuck in a ceiling junction box?
Plastic or metal pipes? what do you recommend?
How can I attach cabinets and shelves to an Insulating Concrete Form wall?
How do I prepare doors to be hung?
Can I mix joint compounds with different setting times to get a custom setting time?
How do I paint old brass fireplace doors?
How do I fix this leaking tub faucet?
How should I landscape my yard to make my home more efficient?
Is it better to leave the door open or run the fan while showering?
Does it make sense to add an upstairs dormer in two phases?
What is the best way to build a simple desk capable of supporting several hundred lbs.?
Can I convert my front intermediate light (with only 1 wire) to a junction box with live, neutral and ground wires?
Does it matter if I mix neutrals and grounds in the main panel?
Are most contractors capable of building any home?
What is the sheathing underneath my brick exterior walls?
How do I determine the correct rise of a step for a concrete footing on a slope?
What framing is needed for swinging closet doors?
Why did my surge suppressor make a "pop" sound when I plugged something in?
Do I need crushed rock under a rarely used rock paver walkway?
Why isn't there hot water in the shower, when there is hot water in the rest of the condo?
What are these fixation claws called?
How is a high altitude natural gas burner different?
What could I use as a metal body for my DIY wind turbine?
Suggested materials for monitor stand?
Will rubber pavers hold up against Wisconsin winters?
What is the name for this round metal drain cover?
How can I replace this unusual kitchen sink drain pipe?
Can I pipe roof and sump water into an unused shallow well?
Which is the bare wire in a 12-3 gauge cable?
Why does the circuit breaker for my bedroom continue to trip without any visible event after a power loss?
How do I determine how much weight an indoor hammock mounting kit can bear?
How do I insulate interior basement walls that are not against the exterior walls?
What's the best way to fill in some uneven cracks in my garage and level it out so that I can paint over it?
How do I know if an asphalt surface needs planing or not?
How can I reduce the sound of water moving through a pipe?
How can I mount an 12V transformer for LED lighting inside a wall?
How do I repair a warped sliding glass door track?
What material to use to close a too wide wire tunnel?
How can I make tiki torch holders from PVC pipe or equivalent?
Should I paint wood in a roof that is not directly exposed to the outside?
Is it feasible to cover low-pile carpet with a 1/4" subfloor and vinyl tile in a kitchen?
Is High Friction Aggregate a type of stone or treatment applied to a stone?
How do I seal a leaky roof and repair the minor ceiling damage it caused?
Can I use silicone "window & door" caulk between a kitchen counter and backsplash?
How does the temperature sensor work in an attic fan?
What do I need to consider when enlarging a basement apartment by opening up an attached garden shed?
How long does setting-type joint compound have to dry before priming?
Where to find very old door knob handle / deadbolt set?
How can I build pull-down shelving for kitchen appliances?
What are the optimal conditions to install a hardwood floor?
What nap roller should I use for primer?
How to prevent batteries leaking out in devices?
What miter and bevel angle do I need for coping 38/52 crown molding?
How do I repair water-damaged hardwood floors?
Is installing blinds a DIY Project?
How do I know if my power drill needs to rotate clockwise or counter clockwise to drill forward?
Can I use mixed shellac flakes in place of Zinsser BIN primer?
Why is my lighting circuit tripping the breaker?
How to turn an outdoors tree stump into a table?
What is the best method of filling the gaps in wooden floors?
How do I repair a concrete driveway that has been damaged by salt?
What are the drawbacks of putting down pavers for an alley without a sub-surface?
How can baseboards be attached to a plaster-on-masonry wall?
How can I prevent the clanging of my extractor fan vent cover?
Can I use a 20 amp and a 15 amp breaker on one 12-3 wire split into 2 circuits with a common ground
How do I remove this sliding drawer in my kitchen?
Should I use self-leveling concrete or mortar to level a patched area of concrete prior to tiling it?
Is it OK to have a GFCI downstream of a standard circuit?
What should be done about water under bathroom floor tiles?
How can I soundproof my bedroom walls as cost effectively as possible?
How can I repair rust damage on a steel shed?
How can I seal the edges of a linoleum floor that possibly contains asbestos?
How can I protect my rug from being dented by table stands?
Is there a tool designed for holding multiple electrical wires together to keep them in place for wire nut?
Why doesn't my garage door close?
Is my kitchen cabinet door beyond repair?
Is creating a concrete driveway a diy?
What type of nail gun is recommended?
How can I find the source of a smell?
What are the issues with using sour smelling paint?
Should I use underlay when tiling a bathroom?
Is it bad that my porcelain tiles were stored outside in the rain?
How can I replace the roller mechanism on this door?
How can I mount a desk on a wall with L-brackets?
Why does my GFCI circuit breaker trip with any small load, even after replacing the breaker?
How to choose floor insulation?
Is it safe to cut throught a 70mm spruce beam with a Metabo jigsaw?
Exhaust venting into air return?
What is the difference between a conservatory and an orangery?
How do I cut a new crawlspace access in a brick foundation?
What type of aluminum are squares and 72" straight-edge rulers made of?
Can I build a 28" retaining wall using blocks with no lip?
How can I add insulation to my roof?
Is pressure grouting of a wall-crack, a good or potential solution?
Are flexible PVC couplings rated for direct burial?
How do I calculate the takeoff for a 45 degree elbow joint?
Why is the top step of a stair a different thickness than the other treads?
How do I know if my windows are energy efficient?
How do I get these toilet shut off valve out?
What is the process for power washing and staining a deck?
How should I mount external hardware to a Greenboard/EPS exterior wall?
How can I insulate my attic conversion, without pulling down the plasterboard?
Why would my kitchen ceiling fixture not have any current?
Why does the breaker keep tripping on a circuit with two rooms' lights and a sewer pump?
Can/Should I Move These Pipes?
How to change halogen bulbs at 18 feet height ceiling?
Why is my Central Heating taking so long to heat up?
How do I paint over a textured ceiling without removing the texture?
Can I use flexible LED strips to get better lighting in my kitchen?
How can I build an automated water valve for a coffee maker?
Should galvanized steel pipe be used as a tub spout?
How much power can a house with 3 x 25amps electricity supply?
What should I expect when using electrical equipment rated for 100V/120V at 110V
What can I put on these bricks that are sticking up to get them flush again?
What could cause my oven not to light?
Can I send audio through coax cables?
What is the purpose of a vapor barrier?
What type of rubber pipe is used for this particular installation of hydronic radiant in-floor heating, and is it reliable?
How can I prevent an above-ground pool underlayment from failing due to erosion at one location?
What kinds of wood are suitable for laser cutting?
What is difference between Home Appliance , Personal Appliance and White goods?
What options are available for controlling electrical devices over WiFi?
What is the maintenance schedule for a concrete driveway?
How can I add a programmable timer to a circuit breaker so that I can force specific circuits on/off at specific times?
Should I add a vapor barrier when re-siding?
What type of primer should be used on moisture resistant drywall?
Will spilling a little liquid (beer, say) on untreated plywood for very little time damage or warp it?
Shall I undercut the drywall to let the baseboard cover the hardwood floor expansion gap?
Why won't the fan run independently of the air conditioner?
How do I remove an unknown stain from my carpet?
How would I ground an internal ethernet surge protector?
How to know what color of paint was used on the walls?
How do I get the glass cover off of a shower light?
Can I add an occupancy sensor to a 3-way circuit?
How can I repair these rusty electrical connections?
Should I add landscape rock before or after installing a fence around a dog pen?
Suction Side vs. Pressure Side Pool Cleaner
How effective is a heat pump for AC and a heat pump/furnace for heating in New England?
How do I fill a recurring sinkhole in the rainforest of Hawai'i?
How do I determine if a wall is load bearing?
What size gravel works best for a driveway?
How can I brace a bathtub faucet without tearing out the tile wall?
Can I control a bathroom extractor fan independently from the light?
Why does my ceiling fan pop and sizzle at one speed setting but works fine at another?
Why do the rotating brushes on my Hoover vacuum only work when it's in the upright position?
How can I calculate the yield strength of steel tube?
What tool should I use for carving deep shapes in a desk top?
What is the appropriate type of caulking around a kitchen sink?
Is a sealant needed in addition to caulking?
Can I accelerate caulk drying by using a fan or heater on it?
Why won't my ice maker shut off?
How are electricity cables taken up on the roofs of tho high apartment buildings?
What size gas line do I need to run to my garage
Can I draw power from nearby recessed lighting for pendant lights?
Will closing the ventilation windows in my garage cause problems for my water heater?
Is it possible to install a 1/2" collet on my palm router?
Can I apply caulk over caulk?
How do we replace an old 3-wire thermostat with a 4-wire one?
How do you wire a light fixture with only black and white wires?
Can I run a single 12 guage wire outside of 12-2 to provide power to a fan?
Can I use epoxy putty to patch metal?
Is it OK to install a TV mount when it can't be attached to a stud at all mount points?
Why does a wall in my finished basement only have a steel plate and no studs?
How do I renovate this wooden furniture?
Can I sheetrock over styrofoam on a garage ceiling?
How do I keep water from getting in and out of a dishwasher drain air gap?
What's the minimum distance for a mantle above a fireplace?
Do I add calcite or magnesium first to my new acid neutralizer?
How do you keep from dropping grout all over when tiling?
What is involved in moving the gas line in my basement up a few inches?
How can I trim around an electrical outlet?
Why is difficult to unplug things from this electrical receptacle?
What areas of 1st floor sheetrock sould be replaced subsequnet to a major 2nd floor water leak?
How do I deal with a joist in the way of where I need to run a pipe?
How Can I Install A "Main" in my Distribution Box, such that I could turn the main switch to allow all power to be off while I'm away?
How to clean hard soap scum and lime from bathtub?
How can I prevent a tankless propane on-demand water heater from freezing up in very cold climates?
Can I have GFCI receptacles on the same circuit as normal receptacles?
How can I connect a portable dishwasher to laundry hookups?
How do I rewire an old light fixture?
How can I hang a custom lamp from the ceiling by its cord?
What to look for when picking a router?
How can I repeatedly cut the same pattern using a router?
What techniques are there to smooth out or remove textured (knockdown) drywall?
How do I retrofit a junction box in an insulated wall?
Should I finish staining my half-stained deck with rain coming?
How can I consolidate different heating/cooling systems into a single system?
What are these clips on the wires in my junction box?
What should I expect when removing a chimney?
How to repair a broken patio corner?
Why is my bathroom floor raised up very high?
How do I wrap the pre-filter around the HEPA filter in this air purifier?
What is "workmanlike manner"?
How can I soundproof a hatch door in the floor?
What thickness, size, and quality plywood is required for an aviary floor?
Does a door have to be hung on the edge of the jamb
What should I do about my rendering & damp-proof course?
How can I make a copy of a door key without a matching blank?
Should I seal bathroom ceiling and wall tiles?
What is this circuit board and how to I replace it?
How do I open this light fitting?
What are my options for running feeder cable into an exterior main panel?
How should I build the concrete footings for my deck?
Why doesn't the paint stick to new ingrain wallpaper?
How do I remove a Kwikset deadbolt with no screws on the inside plate?
How do I build an "internal frame" for a reclaimed wood door?
How can one properly and tidily install this hardware for internet access?
How can I have a light turn on when a pocket door is opened?
How much does weight affect a house?
How can I thoroughly blackout a bedroom window on a budget?
How can I prevent my hoop house from being uprooted by strong winds?
How can I join two lengths of flexible 1/4" copper pipe?
How do I connect up a ceiling rose in a 2-way switch circuit?
Can I screw a ceiling fan electrical box directly to the joist?
What would be involved in moving electrical panel a few inches?
What wire and conduit is required for an attached-garage subpanel?
How can I get rid of frogs that have settled in an unused swimming pool?
How can I tell if something is ruptured inside my lawnmower?
thermostat c wire question
Is it safe to mount a medium-sized air compressor to the floor to stop or limit vibrations?
Should I drywall and/or insulate my garage wall?
How much will a board-on-board (shadow board) fence reduce the wind load?
What is the use for this different threading near the head of a large screw?
What is involved in ripping out carpets and put in fake wood floors for an apartment floor overhaul?
How can I create an enclosure that will protect an indoor camera outdoors?
How do I clear a drain pipe clogged with dried soap?
What is causing toilet supply water leaks above the coupling nut?
How can I block off scorching sunlight from coming through my windows?
Can I use a T5 HO lamp in a non-HO luminaire?
What type of plastic is best for outdoor usage?
Is it safe to install this hot water tank from ebay?
How should I connect these two yellow wires?
What should I do about wet insulation in my attic and walls?
When is it time to replace the roof?
Why doesn't this LED strip work, even though the power supply seams appropriate?
How do I prevent doors on a media cabinet from sagging?
Is it OK to vent a first floor bathroom with a fan and a duct running through the basement?
Does outside air conditioning compressor fan run all the time?
Can't get into a wall without gouging it out
Should you chemically treat wood that is outside and under a roof?
How can I convert switched receptacles to half switched receptacles?
Do you have to have (or does it help) to have a garbage disposal with a dish washer?
What causes seasonal doors and how do you prevent it?
How can I install modern locksets on these interior doors?
How can I install a ceiling fan that needs a 4" box where I only have a 3" box?
How do I know which mold agent is best?
How do I take apart a wooden pallet without cracking the wood?
How can I install T molding on concrete subflooring?
How do I wire this motor with 240V?
Should I insulate air conditioner coolant pipes?
How should I repair drywall seams that have developed cracks?
Should I triple up 2x6, or 2x8 to help level a floor?
Would a normal ethernet cable survive the conditions in an air conditioning vent?
How to rescue exterior door paint job?
What is a quieter alternative to gas forced air heating?
Should I repair or replace a dryer heating element and housing connector?
How can I connect coaxial cables to my wall?
How can I estimate square footage of fencing for stain?
What is the recommended way to clean oil based stain out of a spray gun?
What is the proper personal protective equipment and procedures for removing mouse nesting that may contain Hantavirus?
How can I use cordless drill batteries in projects?
How can I reduce the bounciness of a floor?
Is it possible to make my own solar water heater?
Is there a way to make my own chalkboard paint without using unsanded grout?
What advantages does bending copper pipes have over joining many parts without brazing?
How can I touch up a marred furniture paint job?
How can I clean silicone mastic stains from a bath-tub and tiles?
How can I hang a shelf with no visible fasteners?
How do I remove black rings on a wood kitchen top formed by a tin can?
What should I do about a horizontal crack around my porch slab?
Can you identify the brand of this window?
Should we use A\C in the unused second story of our home?
What sound frequencies does a circular saw emit?
Can poly plastic water storage tank be used to store hot water?
How can I open a desk drawer that is jammed closed by the stuff inside?
How to reattach front door rain deflector?
Is it possible to have a room protected from outside GSM microwave radiation?
How can I replace a single bulb light with a fluorescent fixture?
What is the best choice for patching and leveling concrete before tile install?
What should I do about streaks in my finish?
Is it normal for water to drip from a shower head for a bit after a shower?
Can I remove a wall stud to install a pet door?
How can I repair my Bosch dishwasher that won't drain?
What type of equipment do I need to complete this audio setup?
Do exterior duplex electrical receptacles have to be on multiwire branch circuits?
How can I make a sturdy frame out of square, steel tubing?
What type of clothing is required when working around asbestos?
Am I required to replace a non code compliant balustrade?
How can I remove tile grout from floorboards?
How to install vinyl tubing for bathroom vent?
Is it possible to vent two exhaust fans through a single wall penetration?
How can I insulate a stud bay containing a subpanel?
Should I use thinset or silicone to reattach shower tiles?
Should anchors be used with screws going into framing?
Fix a bad dry wall patch
How do I stop the rubber sweep on my front door from squeaking as it moves against the floor?
Why does wand shower head drain at unusual times?
What techniques are used to change the color of a particle board's veneer & edge banding?
Is my well pump serviceable after overheating and starting to leak?
How to find areas where heat/coolness are lost?
What is this old 1/16" thick floor-covering, and how do I remove it?
How should I connect conduit in the wall to conduit on the ceiling?
Can we install an aeration unit in an older septic system?
How do I wire a bathroom exhaust fan/light to two switches?
How can I block off my stairs while I repair the walls?
Why doesn't the flange fit on a new bathroom faucet?
How do I repair broken bathtub faucet handles?
How can I hang my cupboard on a stud wall?
Is this white powdery substance on a wood shelf caused by flying termites?
Why would my TV image turn black when electrical appliances turn on?
What is involved in replacing leaking iron drain pipes in a house with a concrete foundation?
What should I check when troubleshooting a doorbell?
Why is my Australian light fixture wired this way?
How do I wire up a saeco magic deluxe coffee grinder to be a standalone coffee grinder?
How to solve the problem of sticky Danish oil?
What can I use as an alternative for an underwriter's knot?
What could cause an under-sink reverse osmosis filter to have low pressure?
How can I repair these cracks in my balcony wall?
Why is my air conditioner tripping the circuit breaker?
Does a deck band board go over or replace wall sheathing?
Why isn't there hot water coming from my faucet after stem replacement?
What's causing the popping noise from my speakers?
Does it mean a broken wire if a doorbell transformer works, but there is little-to-no voltage at the switch?
How do I calculate the proper fan size for a bathroom exhaust and the number of pickups?
What could cause an old electric oven to run hot even when adjusted to the lowest setting?
How can I fix a tilted concrete shed footing?
Will I lose water pressure going from a 2" pipe to a 1/2" pipe then back to 2"?
How can I wire a GFCI receptacle and a combination switch/receptacle device?
Why is my toilet bubbling?
What is going on with my central air?
Is a high electric bill for a pump house caused by a well pump running constantly?
Why does my Rinnai Infinity water heater fire up after turning off the cold tap?
How can I repair this wood window trim?
Why aren't my radiators heating up after I replaced a rusted through pipe?
Can a TV be mounted directly into a heavy wooden entertainment center?
Can I convert a window A/C unit in to a pool-water cooled system?
What underlay is used for installing pool tiles
How should I mask when spraying trim?
How should I connect 2x4 (or wood horizontal railing pieces) to exterior painted wood?
Is there a glue which holds to glazed porcelain tiles?
What can I use to stop drawers in an organizer from sliding out all the way?
How can I remotely monitor a GFCI receptacle?
How do I repair a leak in a ferrocrete overhead water tank?
How do I remove a small amount of water based concrete sealer from a painted floor?
How can I remove this flapper alternative?
How can I dress up a boring drop ceiling?
How to install this cheap metal curtain rod?
What post size should I use for a 20'x24' deck
Why do I get water hammer after turning water supply back on?
How do I pre-treat and stain my hardwood floors a dark color?
What features should I look for in a full-house surge protector?
How can I prevent aluminum window frames from heating up when they're in full sun?
What are the drawbacks of not attaching deck to house?
How do I support a deck that spans a driveway?
What should I do about a central air duct leaking above my ceiling?
How can I remove a stuck overhead light fixture?
What would a circuit labeled "Heat Trace" be used for?
How do I go about making 1" and 2" thick "boards" for concrete furniture?
Should I run cable through an always damp crawl space or a dry soffit in the living area?
How can I insulate brick exterior walls in a 100 year old house with wood beams in brick pocket floor supports
What can I do about joist framing in brick pockets that is uneven and loose?
How can I stop a barbed coupler from leaking?
Should I insulate the exterior foundation wall above grade or insulate the interior basement wall?
How do I clean bleach marks off bluestone pavers?
Can I use a vent that was over an electric oven for a dryer instead?
How do I repair a floor joist which has a hole drilled less than 2 inches from the bottom?
How do I remove stuck-on stains from laminate flooring?
What methods exist for filtering air to alleviate allergies?
Can my garden furniture be saved?
How do I seal around a door to make the opening more sound-proof?
How do I secure the shower valve without removing tile?
Is venting a vertical waste line required?
Can I install junction boxes in a closet, and if so, what kind of box?
Why doesn't my A/C get power when using the alternate C-wire thermostat hook-up method?
How do I fix a sprinkler valve that leaks instead of popping up the sprinkler heads?
How can I install an exterior electrical box flush in stucco?
Can I hang a key hanger without attaching it to a stud?
Are there any reasons not to upgrade to 200A service?
How do we remove tile spacers that are stuck in the mortar between the tiles?
How to install coat hooks securely when holes don't line up with studs (batten depth?, length of screws?)
Why am I getting water scaling even with a softener installed?
At what temperatures do pipe sleeves protect pipes from freezing?
How do you level 1/2" x 6" flooring planks?
How do I connect the common wire in a Carrier air handler?
How can I build a screen door?
Can I warm up a swimming pool by submerging black-painted milk jugs in it?
How can I repair this garage door trim and weather stripping?
Should I convert a single light switch to a receptacle/switch combo?
How deep should I drill a pilot hole in concrete for a 2 inch screw?
Should I replace a sump pump that's not keeping up?
How often should "self clean" and "allergen clean" functions be used in an air conditioner?
Should I cancel our appointment with the repair tech for our washing machine?
Should I use an epoxy finish on a high traffic hardwood floor?
Why do I have house flies in my carport?
Can I install lights on a 20 amp circuit that has receptacles already wired?
What is the cheapest way to make well water with 800ppm TDS suitable for bathing and washing dishes?
How should I avoid corrosion at this water heater connection?
Can I kill this mold?
Is there a globally recommended "hardness" setting for a water softener?
How do I extend outlets after installing a backsplash?
How can I improve ventilation in my room with a window fan while filtering pollen from a nearby tree?
Why do I have low water pressure with more than one fixture turned on?
How do I troubleshoot a ceiling fan that suddenly stopped working?
How to deal with inadequate drainage of my walk-up basement?
What is the difference between double glazing and triple glazing?
How can I replace an air conditioning thermostat?
How do I fix a broken microwave door hook latch?
How to clear pool filter pressure gauge that is stuck?
What type of washcloth bar should I put inside a fiberglass shower?
Can I convert a basement window to a door?
How do I lower the humidity in my non-vented laundry room?
How do I hang a wall accessory fitted with 'Wall Grabbers' by Pinnacle?
Wiring a house to prevent light flickers and overloaded breakers
What is this pipe called, and how does it work?
How can I fix poorly stained pine trim with routing grooves and rosettes?
How do I connect 1/4" plastic tube to 3/8" plastic tube?
Why does my circuit breaker keep tripping?
How can I hold a nut underneath a deck with no clearance while screwing a bolt into it?
What can I do about a dead Delta 62-043 table saw motor?
Can I position speakers near ceiling, as opposed to ear height?
Will this frame support hanging planters?
How should I extend the drywall around a shower remodel?
How do I install a bathtub's surround on a cinder block wall?
How can I deal with waste water from a washing machine in a non-plumbed room?
What causes a breaker to trip?
What low (or no) cost method can I use to shade a south-facing wall from summer heat gain?
How do I wire a GFCI receptacle using two black wires and two white wires?
How do I get a cement patch in my basement to dry quickly in humid conditions?
Why would a sump pump cycle when pumping large amounts of water?
Is a roof sprinker a good idea?
How much attic ventilation is needed?
How do I install a receptacle in the soffit?
Does pumping a septic system disrupt the tank's ecology?
What is this pipe called, and how does it work? (Round II)
What can I do about a gas pipe that is in my way?
Why won't my ceiling light turn off with the wall switch disconnected?
Are there any advantages to using metal post spikes set in concrete when building a privacy fence?
What do I use to mount a heavy framed mirror to a stud wall?
What type of air conditioner can bring in outside air?
How can I repair an air conditioner drain line that is broken flush with the wall?
What material should I use for a platform that holds 300-500 lbs?
Should I use a roller or a brush for painting exterior walls?
Can blue (lightweight) drywall compound be used for all coats?
Why is my Nest thermostat not working with A/C?
How do I apply tile to a small wood platform?
Why does my blower fan sound like a yeti?
How do I attach a drywall corner bead to a wood door jamb?
Can I use latex exterior paint over oil based primer?
How can I seal electric outlets to prevent garage fumes from seeping through?
How can I trim metal window wells after lowering the grade around them?
How do I wire this thermostat?
How do I determine when to replace a carbon block water filter?
How do I seal/paint pine casing for maximum lifetime?
What caused a stuck tub drain stopper linkage and how do I fix it?
What is the name of these silver curtains used to reflect heat energy back outside?
How should I replace these pressure reducing valves?
Can I step down 220 V to 110 V for my whole apartment?
Should drywall be hung horizontally or vertically?
Can I vent a bathroom fan through an attic window?
How do I remove this kitchen faucet?
Why does my bath faucet drip for a few minutes after it's shut off?
How can I build a ladder that runs on rails?
Should I block off the soffit vents in the vicinity of my bathroom exhaust vent which is in the soffit?
Does reverse-cycle airconditioning in heating mode dry the air?
Why is the circuit breaker for my furnace stuck in the off position?
How do I improve heating in back room of house?
Can I curve an L-shaped shower curtain rod myself?
Can I use the exposed water line on a Kenmore refrigerator to bypass the internal filter for incoming water supply?
How do you remove rust stains from bathroom sink?
How should I attach a deck on the corner of my house?
Have our worktops been fitted wrong?
What can I do about a toilet flange that is 1/4" below the finished floor?
What should I use to finish my plywood table top if I intend to leave the end-grain visible for a modern look?
How do I clean reclaimed wood from construction?
When tiling a shower surround, how do you transition from backer board to greenrock?
How do I level a summerhouse concrete base that dips in the middle?
What would cause a water pressure drop after tripping a breaker?
How long should I wait before painting or staining pressure-treated wood?
What type of primer is required for pine?
How should I paint my basement floor?
Why do I have clumps of grass in my bathtub after a sewage overflow?
Will a mixture of acrylic and oil stains dry?
Can a conical form for pouring shorter concrete footers be used for fence posts?
How do I connect 4 electrical wires to a 3-phase cooktop?
Why does recommended door rough opening height add 2-1/2" to door height?
How to improve sound isolation of an interior door?
What do I do with a sewer pipe (toilet rough-in) full of cement?
What is causing a replacement ceiling fan light to flicker?
Is it necessary to notch the side door jambs for setting the header piece?
How should I install a door that is not pre-hung and has a custom jamb?
How should I build large concrete footings for my deck?
How can I get the maximum light while avoiding heat from a window?
How do I fix leaking sprinkler line from this valve?
How can I have a ceiling light and separate fan on the same switch?
How do you seal travertine floors?
How do you mount fluorescent strip lights on drywall?
How can I light up a room without a ceiling light?
How to independently switch a GFCI outlet?
How can I install soffit vents from the outside?
What should I do about a high spot in my new driveway that is causing rain water to backup?
How do you release the wires from a push-in wire connector?
How can I locate the source of a washing machine leak?
How can I clean tile debris from the bottom of my pool?
How do I properly ground my subpanel that only has one neutral/ground bar?
How should I lay my engineered flooring to account for a hearth?
How can I prevent cracking in concrete (or earthen) walls from the freeze/thaw cycle?
How do I seal a crack in flex pipe for a lawn sprinkler system?
How do you weatherproof a light switch?
Can I use two ladders to create a makeshift scaffold?
Does a compressor with a short to ground really require a complete system replacement?
Is it OK that the frame of my house doesn't line up with the slab?
How do I change an overhead light fixture from one bulb to two bulbs?
How can I run Cat5e cable through a completely finished house?
Should door jamb be lifted off subfloor or touching?
Can I put an AFCI receptacle on a branch circuit that shares a neutral with another branch circuit?
What are low-cost ways of cooling down a room?
How well do whole house humidifiers work?
How difficult would it be to replace these fuses with circuit breakers?
How should I clean my slate and stucco outdoor patio area?
Is it time to replace my water heater?
How do I compact backfill behind a retaining wall under a driveway?
How can I reattach a drain pipe that detached under the sink?
How can I prevent the fireplace smell when the A/C is on?
Can I wire an extension into a Party line phone?
How do I mount my TV on my wall with poor stud location?
What type of dryer best handles long exhaust vents?
How can I test my drill and batteries for faults?
Where can we recycle washing machine and kitchen sink drain water?
How should stair treads and risers be assembled?
How can I frame this area of my basement wall around my water main?
hydronic floor heating system efficiency - using concrete as thermal energy store or not?
Is there a product I could apply on the wall before painting so that one paint layer only will do?
How do I wire this bathroom fan?
Do wooden cabinets absorb grease in kitchen?
How do I attach the framing of a shorter wall to a higher wall above concrete?
How do I fix stripped bolt holes in wood?
What kind of repairs are prudent for a ridge board damaged by a falling tree?
How do I make exposed wood stairs less squeaky?
Should I remove a broken piece of the pivot rod from the trap in my bathroom pedestal sink?
How do I get better looking results with Sandstone texture paint?
How can I cut/route a small, straight slot through a piece of wood?
What kind of sand should I use for a sandbox?
DIY solution for open ground wiring where electronics need to be plugged in?
Can I safely bypass the door switch on my dryer?
What type of adhesive do I use to bond metal & glass?
What are some cheap ideas to smoothen the surface of a papier mache?
How can I patch my slab around a rough-in pipe in a difficult to access location?
How do I replace part of my bathroom ceiling?
Should we use plasterboard, MDF or wood when blocking up a window in our pantry?
How to prevent small birds from getting trapped inside open double-hung windows?
Which lumber to use to rip my own molding?
How long should I wait for plaster to dry/cure between coats?
How long can a refrigerator be stored without being used?
How can I repair a crumbling shed base?
Is it OK to leave window opened and air conditioner ON (cooling) at night?
What does it mean when our window screens are loose and the windows are hard to lock?
Rewiring A Ceiling Fan - Add Wall Switch
How can I loosen a tight sink handle?
How do I make this paint match?
What is the difference between MSS SP-80 Type 1 and Type 2?
Do I need more than just Drylok to insulate concrete basement walls before framing out some walls?
Should I cap off my clogged kitchen pipe at the wall or after the p-trap?
Why won't my hose bib handle turn either way?
How can I repair blown plaster on walls?
How can I locate a short in a 24V central A/C circuit?
What could be causing a new 20 amp dedicated circuit supported by a GFCI breaker to trip?
How can I wire a single gang 3-way fan control and dimmer?
Are there door knobs specifically meant for outdoors?
How can I connect a 120V washer to a 240V circuit?
How do I convert an old model propane fireplace to natural gas?
How can I replace the plywood under my air handler?
How soon can we stain a freshly-sanded deck after it got drenched in the rain?
What is the minimum size conduit/mast required for a 100 amp overhead service?
How does a two-piece water softener work and what maintenance does it require?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor?
How can I paint an area without color-matching after treating mold?
How do I repair a marble floor corroded by acid?
Should I reorganize the main service panel when adding a subpanel?
How can I lighten plywood to a finish that resembles pine?
Should I pour a footing and pier at the same time?
How can I find out if I can add a bedroom to my home without violating any rules/ordinances?
How do I make skirting boards removable?
How can I recess an electrical outlet that protrudes from a glass mosaic tile wall?
What is the best method of hanging drywall on ceiling?
What's the best option for cutting cement siding?
How can I determine what is causing a newly creaking ceiling?
How do I screw two posts together so that they look seamless and can easily be taken apart and put back together?
How can I install an overhead water tank and refill it for individual usage?
What's the difference between SFA99 and RIBA Agreements 2010 in the UK?
Does a larger solar water heater equate to better water pressure?
Are two smaller septic tanks equivalent to one large tank?
What is this fixture on my external water faucet and how can I remove it?
Should I insulate my roof on the inside or outside?
What kind of store sells wood that isn't pine or MDF?
Why aren't my motion detector lights working?
Why would the magnetic switch on my refrigerator door trip when the freezer door opens instead?
How do I build a corner bench for my deck?
Any obvious problems with this DIY home automation?
How can I make an even ground for a garden nursery, without using concrete?
Why isn't my GFCI receptacle working?
How do I connect a polyethylene water supply line to my refrigerator?
Is it possible to over tighten adapters, valves, etc, causing leaks?
What should I do about deck footings near the house?
Can you put a matte polyurethane over a semi-gloss polyurethane to make it a matte finish?
How can I temporarily cover up a bathroom door to a shower room?
Can I run an unrelated electrical cable under a bathtub?
How can we security manage keys for a co-op building?
How to resolve vertical gap with newly installed double-hung windows
How would I wire a thermal circuit breaker and switch together?
What type of flooring can be used on a concrete slab?
What factors should I experiment with to improve the performance of a DIY solar hot water system?
How to install baseboard at the transition between floors with different height?
What can I do if my washing machine inlet hoses are not compatible with the plumbing?
Why do my lights dim, when my neighbor's central AC turns on?
How to caulk stone backsplash to granite countertop?
How can I fix a screw that has been stripped
How should I install a plywood subfloor that will be covered by granite tiles?
How can I connect a timer to my bathroom exhaust fan?
Is it ok to stand atop my central A/C unit to install a missing soffit vent?
Will wall anchors work when screwed into a stud?
Is sheathing required under a hybrid concrete tile roof?
How can I get rid of the smell of spilled milk from my carpet?
How to reduce a garden rocker's squeaking?
How to open the lid of this toilet water tank?
How to repair solid wood cabinet finish after fire?
What would cause my washing machine to stop at the rinse cycle and smell?
Can I attach the main ground from my service panel to the old steel water main in my house?
What could be causing this strange intermittent sound?
How do I tune a Bandsaw so the blade doesn't drift?
Is it okay to put a heat pump water heater in a crawl space?
Can a NEMA 6-15 Device be connected to a NEMA 6-20 receptacle?
Can I use 16ga wire to complete a 150W landscape lighting circuit?
How do I install a bathroom fan with its own switch?
What kind of saw should I use for cutting thin metal?
What kind of pump would I need to supply my trailer with water from a nearby creek?
How can I hang heavy objects on a wall, without leaving any marks?
What do I use to cover an insulation wrapped duct? (Silver foil wrap?)
Is it OK to drill vertically through a joist?
How should I configure the chains for a large porch swing?
How do I maximize light gain and minimize heat gain for my glass wall?
Does the type of sheet rock behind a glue up tub surround matter?
How does the drywall meet a direct-to-tub surround edge?
Why do they put an A/C vent in the utility room?
How do I wire a switch to a fixture that is served by wires in an iron pipe?
How do I build the support structure for a 36"x14' built-in desk?
What wire gauge do I need for a 100 Amp subpanel at the end of a 60' wire run?
Does washing reduce asbestos?
Do gas fireplaces need chimney cleaning?
What could be causing corrosion on a water heater burner?
Why is my water heater leaking?
Can my generator power my deep well water pump?
How can two different breakers both turn off the same circuit?
How should a new brick wall tie into an existing wall?
How can I wire a bathroom light switch which has an outlet, exhaust fan, and vanity light all from same junction box?
Why might there be concrete inside my wall?
Can I fill the void behind the shelves in a tub surround with polyurethane spray foam for added strength?
How can I create a polycarbonate roof valley?
What kind of lightbulb(?) is in this chandelier?
How do I fill a gap between my hearth and the hardwood frame around it?
How do I dig out a hole for fence posts in a concrete patio?
How can I build a lamp like the one I saw in the store?
Can a built-in dishwasher be plugged into a receptacle?
Why would the input gas pressure fall when the central heating boiler calls for heat?
Why does my window air conditioner cool but not dehumidify?
Can I use the Simpson Strong Tie EB-TY product with ChoiceDek?
How do I determine the thickness of wood needed for a desk?
How do I remove the top sash of a medium size new double glazed window?
What are the structural and health issues for a long-time slow-leaking toilet?
How do I remove the mounting hardware of an intercom speaker, and then patch the hole?
How long can I store a bag of Quikrete?
Should I add a second main branch to this water supply layout?
How can I insulate and elevate an A/C line set on a flat rubber roof?
How can I support a joist length of 9 meters without steel?
How many ground rods are required for panel and subpanel?
How do I diagnose and fix an electric water heater leak?
Is there a length limit on grounding conductor to ground rod?
How often should I backwash my pool filter?
What is used to seal around glass in fireplace doors?
How can I refresh the finish on my kitchen cabinets?
How can I connect a 120V compressor to a 3 phase WYE 208 electrical system?
How do I troubleshoot my pool filtration system?
What is a bus bar in an electrical switch board?
How do I reattach a door handle lever with a concealed screw
What could be damaged if I shorted the R wire to the C wire at my thermostat?
Are directTV dishes energized in some way?
What killed my kitchen faucet pressure?
How do I bend a wooden edging for a tile counter top?
What is the best way to lay brick pavers on concrete porch
How is a floating desk top supported against the wall?
What - if any - annual maintenance is required for grout/caulk in a shower?
Is it okay to run a switched and unswitched hot on the same neutral?
How can I figure out the surround sound system left behind by the previous owners?
How do I interpret the American Wood Council's Design for Code Acceptance table of cantilevered joists?
Why would the electricity intermittently trip out when turning on a light switch?
Can I reduce static pressure in one room by adding a vent to an adjoining room?
How do I remove the cover from my light fixture?
How to remove an old wood stove brick chimney?
How do I stretch carpet during reinstallation after replacing padding?
Do I need to replace soaking wet insulation resulting from a plugged A/C drain?
How much seam allowance should I have for drywall joints?
How can I get my fluorescent light fixtures to work with an occupancy sensor?
Is it possible to control the speed of the fan on my central A/C unit?
How can I clean powder of dry paint on carpet?
Why is there a beaded tie on new fire extinguishers?
How can I remove a closet shelf & keep it intact?
What would cause air bubbles in the toilet when I'm showering?
How can I clamp two 325 mm planks while gluing them together?
What type of flooring will match my existing Brazilian Cherry engineered flooring?
Are plywood dovetails a good solution to building something that needs to be dismantled?
How do I wire a GFCI to provide continuous power to a dishwasher and switched power to a garbage disposal?
Will my new adhesive-backed cork tiles adhere to my existing sheet vinyl?
Why does my GFCI trip when I plug things into load side receptacles?
How do I flush and pressure-test a PEX system?
What license/certifications are appropriate for mold remediation firms?
What causes tub drain to gurgle when toilet flushed?
What are my options when replacing all house trim / molding / baseboards?
Do I have to bury PVC pipe if used outdoors?
How do I troubleshoot my central A/C?
How do I troubleshoot an intermittent problem with a ceiling light/fan?
How do I fix interior and exterior doors that do not close properly?
How can I repair staining on a parquetry floor?
How can I run plumbing from house to a nearby new office 1.5m away?
How can I inspect and repair a roof with moss and other greenery on it?
How can I control several LED strips with one remote control?
How do I troubleshoot a washing machine that uses hot water on cold settings?
How can I buff my hardwood floors without a machine?
What is a 'normal' time for water to completely drain out of a shower pan?
How to adjust when hinge mortises are cut too deep?
How do I install a non-load bearing wall on a carpeted concrete floor and finished drywall ceiling?
How do I convert an A/C window unit from thermostat to humidistat control?
How do I troubleshoot a newly installed non-working outlet?
What would cause a hardwired smoke alarm to give one short beep when appliances are turned on?
What besides smoke might trigger a hardwired smoke detector?
Is is safe to have rainwater recycling tank near the bedroom windows?
Should I use 2' x 2' tiles for a galley kitchen?
What screws to use to attached tie-downs from shed roof rafters to top sill?
How can I measure lengths greater than 50' to a precision of less than 1/16"?
How can I add a C-wire to a Venstar T5800 thermostat?
Why are there planks above the heaters?
Is it common for a chimney to separate from the outside wall?
How many Amps in a Garage. AND how to maintain consistent lighting from an outlet (no flickering)
Do I need a corded drill to mix thinset?
How long to wait before cleaning new tuckpointed brick mortar with muriatic acid?
Is it safe/compliant for one circuit to supply grounded wall outlets in both a kitchen and a living room?
What kind of wood is recommended for replacing kitchen cabinet shelving?
What are some good web resources for designing/building bunk bed?
Is it safe to wire a plug-in sconce directly to the junction box?
What would be the ramifications of applying a semi-solid oil based stain on a virgin 4 yr old pressure treated pine deck?
How do I renovate 45 year old aluminum wiring for a new outlet for a new cooktop and range?
Can a kitchen faucet be installed by someone with no experience?
How can I conceal a gap between a wall and newly installed vinyl flooring that I cut too short?
Does my toilet have a manufacturing defect?
How do I get rid of these bees/wasps in my sunroom?
How do I secure a dishwasher under a granite counter?
What is the name of this cast metal part inside my lockset?
Can I install wiring in the space used by a sealed air duct and PVC water supply lines?
Why am I measuring 16 volts on a wire that should be at 0 volts?
How do I properly bring in coax from the pole to the interior of my house?
Are there any advantages to installing a 125A subpanel instead of a 100A panel?
Can a dedicated circuit have a junction box somewhere between the fixture and the panel?
Should we contact a professional to handle our bathroom repair?
How do I fix a broken window in my aluminum framed sunroom?
How do I troubleshoot my electric oven?
How should I drain water from a basement dehumidifier?
Can I build a retaining wall along an existing fence?
What type of outlet is in the picture?
Are there any alarm system panels, control boxes, etc. that have a kind of API for software to access?
How to drill a grommet hole through a desk?
Best tool & method for cutting steel tubes (table legs)?
How can I keep the top of my dog ear fence level when the ground slopes?
How can I get the 2-part epoxy smell out of concrete?
How can I avoid bubbles when applying an enormous sticker to plywood?
Will cement used as mortar need to be replaced?
What do I do if there are only two wires coming from my ceiling electrical box?
How can I paint/stain an interior concrete floor?
Can I use shorter screws to mount my blinds?
How do I determine if my basement leak is a foundation problem
How do I repair my cracked shower pan?
What is the effect of differences in flow and return rates in a traditional gas central heating system?
Are there alternatives to Shutter-lok fasteners?
Which side of a two-wire cable should be used for "hot"?
Why isn't my sump pump kicking on?
What are these containers called?
Why doesn't duct tape work well on cables?
How can I fix my leaking shower?
How can I figure out why this electrical receptacle is dead?
Is it okay to have an ungrounded light fixture?
Can I make an improvised heating system that uses calcium carbide and water?
How can I prevent the receptacle in my yard from tripping the GFCI used to power my sprinklers?
Should I install a damper above my return air duct for better upstairs cooling?
Will internal waterproofing solve my moisture problems?
What would cause the water to stop when I turn a faucet to hot?
How can I prevent the water from my neighbor's leaky gutter from entering my basement?
What kind of water filter do I need?
Why is the upstairs a lot hotter in a 2 story duplex?
What could be causing cable signal to be lost?
How do I fix bumps in carpet that only appear when it's warm and humid?
Does a swing-slide frameless glass door mechanism exist?
How do I attach skirting boards to a plaster wall?
Should I worry about plaster walls in bathroom?
How can I find a sink that will fit where an old sink was?
How can I prevent my clothes dryer door from fogging up?
What is the average life expectancy of heavy duty ratchet straps before they have to be replaced?
What's the next step in troubleshooting my electric water heater?
What kind of lock used to be here?
What will happen if I try to apply paint/stain to damp wood?
Can I have a sub panel right below the attic access?
How do we waterproof a cement slab floor that has moisture coming up?
When should I use caulk?
How to know whether fuse is sufficient for electrical device?
How should the gutters be installed on a huge gable dormer?
Why does my dryer get too hot?
What is my dryer's fourth prong for?
How do I make a fire break around our chimney?
How can I replace a single switch with two switches?
Is it possible to use an older GE service panel as sub panel?
How many computer chargers can I put on 1 electrical outlet?
What is the difference between 'planed square edge' timber and 'planed all round'?
Porcelain vs ceramic tile for the whole house
How long can I run a joist without supporting it in the middle?
What is the purpose of this pole in my garage?
Why is my timer tripping the breaker on my pool filters power cable?
What could be causing my hot water pipe to rattle?
How do I install this flush mount ceiling light fixture?
Is this a thin window air conditioning unit?
How to wire a relay for an evaporative cooler to a thermostat?
Should I seal these areas in my roof?
How can I remove grease and dirt stains from unfinished wood?
How can I prevent this concrete block wall from falling over?
How do I remove multiple layers of paint from wooden entrance ledge?
How can I make a door open or close depending on the door position?
How can I install a washing machine in the kitchen?
Why does the water out of every faucet in my house feel soapy?
How can I repair kitchen counters that are disintegrating?
How do I stop my garage door from opening on its own?
Can I fix a mold problem in wall-to-wall carpet myself?
Is this caulk not intended for use around my tub?
Will 12" tiles crack if laid on a bowed concrete floor?
What's the best way to replace this sink supply line?
How to wire a new Honeywell RTF6580WF thermostat to replace a Chronotherm IV?
How can I use toggle bolts for kitchen shelves on 30 mm plasterboard?
How can I paint over flaky lead paint?
Can I replace an air exchanger with a heat pump?
What tools should I use for hand carving and whittling?
how long should I let latex paint dry before installing outlet covers and other fixtures?
How does National Electrical Code section 300.4 (D) apply in this situation?
Is carpet installation easier before or after installation of doors?
What is an oven anti-tip device and how do you install one?
Does the amount of air noise generated by a portable fan depend on blade design?
How to tell when a plumbing fitting is tightened correctly?
Is it safe to wire regular receptacles to the end of an extension cord?
Will thinset be damaged if it gets wet after drying 18 hours?
How do I vent a floor drain and toilet sharing a common drain on the second floor?
What are these parts described by the service manual?
Would this buildup cause "dHE" error on an LG Tromm dryer?
How can I rewire this light switch?
How do I mark out gradient for tiling?
Is there a better way to join two corrugated pipes?
Is it okay to use silicone sealant on plexiglass?
What type of faucet is this?
How can I drain a two tank compressor?
How can I cool down a hot garage?
How can I ensure portable generator success during a long natural disaster?
Is there a way to remove the mildew smell from under tile without damaging the tile?
What could cause water to leak from the top of the fridge?
Is it easier to paint straight lines with a smaller brush?
Should I be concerned about asbestos removal in my building?
How can I find out if a vapor barrier is requried for finishing a basement to code?
Is it normal for there to be tar showing from under some shingles on a roof?
How should I attach a wooden frame to legs?
What is the difference between swage fittings and compression fittings?
Are small air bubbles on the surface while applying wood finish normal?
Should I have any readily apparent concerns about the foundation and framing of this new build?
Why would my well water cut off for 30 minutes before working again?
Can the sheath of nonmetallic cable be removed prior to entering electrical metallic tubing (EMT)?
Realistically, could you build a useful built in closet in a space that is 77.5in x 9.4in?
What is the maximum number of load bearing studs in a row that can be notched?
Are there motion light sensors available for multi-gang switches?
What type and length of wiring for home security system?
What are my options to repair a broken tab on a bus bar?
How do I apply latex paint over oil based paint?
What is causing this stain on my driveway?
Should I repaint this dryer part?
What is the correct method to determine the drill bit size from the measured threaded diameter?
How can I replace the star-shaped base of an office chair?
Where should I tap in to the existing duct work?
Any idea what parts were replaced on my water softener?
What is the white crystals in my water softener? and how to clean properly
Was my water softener hooked up correctly?
Sewage? Or is my dog just farting?
Using mineral spirits on wood and then staining it?
using water based sealer with oil based stain
Is there ever a reason to fuse the neutral rather then the hot line in a small appliance?
Will WD-40 dissolve plastic?
Thermostat C-wire replacement using a wall socket?
air conditioner kwh
Can an ordinary power drill drill through steel?
Testing generator output
A/C Condensation from duct getting into drywall
Replacing Oil Furnace with Heat Pump
Remodel Recessed Lighting in New Basement?
Is there a good way to hunt down AFCI receptacle nuisance tripping causes?
What is an "indoor phone system" called?
Good looking drywall, without mud and tape?
What kind of skylight would allow the most light and heat into my home?
Can I reasonably build a pergola on top of an 8'x12' deck?
Replace light fixture ceiling box between levels
Can I remove oil-based paint from furniture with paint stripper and pressure washer?
How can I expand a fireplace box in a framed wall?
what impact tools are needed for subfloor in the basement?
What is the minimum distance an electrical outlet can be from an exterior door?
How do I adhere vinyl sheeting to carpet?
Help me retrofit a closet in this room
Pulsing water with PEX tubing?
sealing off sunroom to a/c in summer
Is it enough to apply just one coat of Killz2 primer on drywall?
How do I build floating shelves in a nook with a mirror behind it?
How can I build garage shelving out of 2x6s, 4x4s and 1/2" OSB?
How can I trace the path of plumbing lines inside walls without cutting holes?
Using Window AC as Wall AC
What is the ideal distance between supports of a shelf?
What temperature should I set my water heater to?
How can I stop this water from entering my basement?
How do I add a C/ Common wire to my "Specific" HVAC system?
How can I ground a fluorescent light that I'm attaching a wall outlet plug/cord to?
How can we cover a carpet for the long term?
How far can laser level dots be seen outside in the sun?
Does a painted side of a glass cover for a fluorescent light go towards or away from the light?
Does 2008-era drywall contain asbestos?
What to do first in a basement? Dricore then frame on top? Or frame and then lay dricore?
mold problem in basement
Where can I get, or how can I DIY table slides that will accept leaves totaling 104"?
How do I smooth out where painted wallpaper meets wall?
How do I attach plywood over 2" x 6" deck boards in preparation for a waterproof cover?
How do I make a new toilet tank on an old bowl flush properly?
How should I waterproof a concrete roof?
Best option to fix cracks in ceiling with radiant heat?
What are these vents in the foundation mortar for?
Why is water coming out of the top of my Hayward Chlorinator?
Why does it take longer for the water in my kitchen to come on after the city worked on drains near my home?
How do I test a 5V doorbell transformer?
Is there something like a P-clip but with symmetric flanges?
How do I form and pour long concrete steps for an exterior staircase?
Should we skim-coat or drywall over a textured plaster wall to smooth it out?
Can I add cement glue and sand into my concrete mix to repair my cenent garden statue?
Low water pressure after turning main water back on
Water powered Back up sump discharge
How to fix this window on a stud wall?
Why is my electric water heater not working?
Is it OK for air conditioning condensation to drip right next to the house?
How do I repaint my kitchen cabinets?
Do I need a face-mask when painting?
Which terminal should I connect it to for a "C" wire when none are labeled "C"?
Which alternative will be more efficient and beneficial for Bathroom Ventilation? How?
Is it necessary to fully cure plaster if covering if with a layer of joint compound before paint?
Hardwood Flush Door or Pinewood (softwood) flush door, which is better?
Water leaching up through basement floor
Why would turning off a sink faucet stop the shower?
How to cover an open/exposed wire fast and safe for a long period?
How do I connect a light to a switch when the light receives power first?
How do I get rid of mold from the bottom of a bath mat (where the suction cups are)?
How do I open windows that are painted closed?
How to install a electrical outlet box in a workbench?
How do I open this light fixture?
Can I put wallpaper on top of wallpaper on the ceiling?
Should I use a quick or gradual 90 in my flexible A/C ductwork?
When can spackle be used instead of mud?
Are there any downsides to floating click lock floors versus traditional nail down floors when both are full wood?
deadbolt pins fell out when i try to take my broken key out
How do I clean a stainless steel gas cooktop without harming the surface?
How would you vent my basement bathroom fan?
How can I be sure there's a connection between the telephone line and the power line? (Answer: they should not be connected.)
Does this wiring sound right?
How effectively a pedestal fan blowing inward can bring the outside air if kept 2 feet away from a fully open window?
Why does cold water comes out faster when the hot water is turned off?
How to test if a dishwasher's below the floor heating element is faulty?
How do I clean the drain line on my ice machine?
What is the "required" amount when using Plumber's Putty
How can I remove a temperature and pressure relief valve that seems to be stuck?
Installing a Sewer Cleanout
Need help for ice maker line splitter to be used for coffee maker
How can I stop this downspout leak?
Routing grooves in engineered hardwood flooring
Should plumber's putty be placed on the sink or on the flange during a flange install?
What type of wiring should bedroom overhead lighting have?
What is a shear wall and what is it for?
Refinishing floors - wood has blotches where filler was used - need advice on how to fix
How to install shower 'S' pipe
Why do I have three phase electricity?
Can the discharge of the water powered backup sump pump be connected to the discharge of the primary sump pump?
Will this router and dovetail jig combo work?
Why did my refrigerator/freezer stop cooling?
What should I do about a pin hole leak in pvc water pipe?
What router bearing can I use to reduce groove depth?
Why do my clothes smell when I dry them outside on line but they are fine when tumble dried?
What are the pros and cons of various styles of dormers?
Can a non-professional drill holes in a granite countertop?
Should I use wood or metal for an 8" gate post?
Do local building codes/regulations control where to locate a gas meter and responsibility for moving it?
Are there alternatives to a traditional dimmer switch?
Mold on drywall. Should I clean-up or replace?
How to create dim cosy lighting
Can I connect the generator neutral to my mains neutral permanently?
Pipe threading tool for 15mm galvanised pipe
Why do my LED lights stay on, even when the switch is off?
Why does the exhaust in my basement bathroom drip condensation in warm weather?
What type of shelving should I use in my basement?
Why do decks and porches have cracks between the boards?
What do I need to know before taking the home owner's electrical test?
Why is my GFCI receptacle tripping when I add another receptacle to the circuit?
What is a suitable treatment for an outdoor table?
What cement board can I use for an outdoor bbq?
What could be preventing my garage door from shutting?
Can I use demo'ed bricks to make an outdoor firepit?
How can I fix my concrete front porch landing
water coming up from under cement foundation
Is it OK to apply a coat of one brand of paint over a coat of another brand?
Ceiling Fan - Single Switch, but Dual Switch installation
What should I do on the sides of a deck ledger?
Why were only some of my tools damaged when connected to a 240V receptacle?
Attaching punch bag bracket to pebble dash exterior wall
How do I finish a pine wood floor so that it can be waxed?
Breaker being tripped - Oven or wiring?
How can I reduce how much a flat roof heats my house?
According to NEC 2008 can you use non-metallic boxes in framing that transports environment air?
Removable Table Top for Workbench
Master Shower Won't Get Hot Unless Another Faucet is Turned On
Is it OK to have 10ga wire running from breaker to switch then 8ga from switch to pump?
Which carpet for a swivel chair to roll easily?
Electric ground from another circuit
What's the minimum vent diameter required for my drain line?
How does the hone angle of a glass cutter affect glass being cut?
How do I remedy a ledger board that is pulling away from the house?
How do I apply BNC connectors without breaking them?
conversion from fluorescent to halogen lights
Can I reuse ditra underlayment?
How to finish the wiring of a shared GFCI receptacle
How can I fill a small gap in a sink drain pipe?
Joining two pieces of curtain pole together
Ceiling Light with no switch to turn off
Does water-based paint expire?
Rail spacing & Child proofing a deck
Gable Vent Fan to Make Usable Attic Storage Space - Useful or Trouble?
How/where can I find out what the frost-line is for my area?
Is there a way to replace the bottom part of wall?
Is it possible to use a power inverter to run a sump pump?
Flushable kitty litter...should I flush it or is it bad for my plumbing?
How does one determine whether a waterlogged High HP pump is electrically OK to use?
What are the dimensions of the steel in the concrete slabs on the upper floors of my house?
Applying thinset to concrete floor
Electrical outlet has two black hot wires but one neutral white wire?
Should I use a vapor barrier when repairing a portion of the wall?
What is this stucco-like finish called?
Can dimmable (triac) LED bulbs be used on a motion sensor switch without neutral wire?
Will it harm 12VDC LED light strips if I supply them with 12VAC instead?
How can I use a 12VDC bilge pump with an Intermatic timer for pond circulation?
Reducing air conditioner compressor vibration noise
How to remove a tile with floor heating mat
Should I remove baseboards prior to installing laminate or wood floors?
What are the different ways to dry the winding of a water-logged pump?
How do I pre-wire for in-ceiling speakers and give a clean finished look without installing speakers for several months?
What kind of foundation should I use for this garden shed site location?
What is the official name for this metal bracket that sits on top of a concrete pier?
Home security system recommendation
Will greenboard retard mold growth?
Sand dribbling out under baseboard. What could cause this?
How many concrete piers do I need to support a 10 x 10 wooden floor supporting a 1600 lb shed?
How to build exhaust system?
What techniques can be used to buff a stainless steel sink?
Do Silent Condensate Pumps for Air Conditioners exist?
Is it okay to put house wrap over the top of pre-existing foam insulation?
What is the best width router bit for cutting ply?
Sanding vs power washing vs chemical cleaning wooden deck for restoration
Should I spray texture on my drywall repair?
How can I cool an under the counter icemaker?
Is it safe to use screws in subfloor-to-joist connection to eliminate floor squeak
Are spindles strong enough on a balcony to keep a toddler safe?
Easy way to seal an old plumbing vent
How can wood be bent this way?
How can I hang a ceiling fan with a 3/4 inch difference between the junction box and bracket?
Can I use indoor Romex in buried outdoor conduit?
protect carpeted stairs?
What damage may a bad condensor on a well-pump do?
Can I use Romex in an unfinished basement or attic?
What glue should I use for glue-down engineered flooring installation?
How to I safely anchor a safety line to a chimney?
Ever had LED bulbs cause AFCI tripping?
Dryer vent pipes touching copper hot water pipe
What can cause the capacitor in an air conditioner to fail?
How can I install a sink/dishwasher in basement?
How long can a sink drain be?
What is the "standard" height of a P trap?
What problems could I check for with a low-pressure dishwasher pump?
What is the "warm water method" of clearing a clogged toilet?
Is there any advantage to waxing vinyl siding?
How do I stop mold growth on greenboard behind my shower wall?
Can a Knob & Tube live hot wire be left disconnected without the neutral in a switch box?
Glue underlayment to concrete: how long does it take to cure?
Ground Wire Installation
What does a vent stack look like?
Assuming you can go either way, is it better to install a Multi-split or multiple Split Air Conditioners?
Can a problem with heater stack liner cause outside chimney mortar to crack and fall out
Need to know if this is mold or not
Where does the ground wire go in a 3-prong dryer cord configuration?
What is the maximum number of connections to pipes?
Decipher my bathroom rough in
Is this the vent?
Can I use just molding to hold down a floating floor or must I use quarter-round?
Are alternative roofing types, such as rubber roll, usable for a typical residential sloped roof?
How can I repair some broken patio stones?
Easy way to remove tile concrete from bathroom wall?
Why is my AC suddenly *heating* my house?
Is a permit required for replacing the front exterior light?
How do I prepare a hole for concrete?
Repairing exterior cement wall
How do we repair vapour barrier after a flood?
Removing concrete lip at garage
Why do I have low voltage and backfeeding between circuits throughout my whole house?
How do I drain my washing machine?
How do I choose a router for fitting doors?
Painting skirting board already painted with glossy paint
How can I replace this water pressure reducing valve?
How can I seal this hanging electrical outlet in my horse barn?
Will this DIY window fan setup help cool two rooms in our tiny, narrow apartment?
In what year did venting bathroom exhaust out of the house become a code requirement?
What should I use to wash the walls in my kitchen prior to repainting them?
advice for cantilever on temporary, free-standing wood structure
How do I use a Stanley IntelliSensor to locate the joists/crosspieces in my ceiling?
How to make vinyl flooring stable in bathroom?
Can I use an unused wire as a "C" wire?
Wiring assistance for dryer from 4 prong to 3 prong
Multiple Loose-Hanging Wires in Finished Wall
What is the recommended thickness for wooden steps?
What's the best tool for shoveling gravel?
NEC Definition of "Maintained Spacing" for Wire in Free Air
Oil or latex for Grade 5 metal parts, in use case not requiring hard wear
What are the three copper connections to my water heater?
How do I connect a new trap to an old cast iron pipe?
Where to locate p trap and venting in complicated washing machine installation? See sketch
Should I redo my bathroom shower or try to waterproof it?
How should I fill the gap between window trim and walls?
Is spraying peroxide on studs with mold enough?
Can I tie in bathroom vents with turbine roof vents?
Should we be rewiring or pigtailing the aluminum wiring in our condo?
How to fix a ventilation pipe to the wall?
Is this an appropriate drain design for adding a shower?
How can I attach a keyboard tray to a desk that is 1/2" thick?
How to go about staircase drawers and drawers below stairs
Sticky and glossy paint touch up
Building on top of 3/4'' plywood subfloor
Is it OK to use solid oak flooring on top of a plywood subfloor in my shed?
What should I do with exposed wires from a yard irrigation manifold?
Can I drywall over an exterior vent in a converted garage?
Are products like redguard fit for use as a waterproofing membrane for shower pans or floor applications?
How can I muffle street noise increase from triple-pane windows?
How can I divert wind which is flowing parallel to the wall into the house?
Is my heat pump's condenser fan motor bad?
Repairing animal damage in concrete driveway
Why are all the toilets in my house running intermittently?
How can I work around a broken faucet handle?
How do I secure electrical wiring to a pocket door frame?
Should I sand baseboard before painting it?
How do I move a slab of concrete?
Could this corrosion be caused by faulty ground wiring?
How to secure bookcase to drywall right over concrete without drilling concrete?
different sizes for joists on a deck
Where in the breaker box should I terminate the neutral wire from my dryer circuit?
How many jack poles should I use when opening a doorway through a load bearing wall?
What is an efficient way of removing thick grout haze?
Why isn't this water softener shutoff valve configuration preventing water from running in my house
How can I subtly mark a height difference to prevent tripping?
Why have cordless tools changed the battery style?
What is the most effective exterior insecticide?
Tankless water heater and inconsistent water temperature
Why doesn't my garage door close unless I am holding down the button?
How high must a shower pan curb be?
Oak doors stripped of paint - need to fill holes underneath before revarnishing/oiling
What is the maximum angle I can set my window AC unit?
How do I wire my light fixture?
Washer tripping gfi outlet
Switching downspouts to the other end of a gutter
How do I flatten my uneven concrete floor?
What do I do with the unused wire for ceiling fan installation?
For Subflooring, what is the distance needed between screws?
How do I seal in/deal with shower drain in foundation?
How to integrate beams and venting with drywall?
Strange noise any relation to well pump failing?
Is there anything wrong with leaving toilet tank below waterline?
How do I reglaze my garage door windows?
How do I find the source of a slow leak in a roof that has been repaired?
How do I install a "Lite in the Box" (brand) faucet?
Why is the water supply for my refrigerator not turning on?
What is recommended to install hardwood floor on slab in Tampa, FL?
Can I move my washer and dryer 10 feet to the right?
Will a GFCI device work on circuit where the neutral is switched?
Which material to use for filling those gaps?
How do I remove a stubborn element from a water heater?
h-brace corner posts in rocky ground
Why won't my pool pump breaker reset?
Redoing a hole on a entry way saddle
How should I label and organize my home electrical circuits?
Why did an HVAC installer add this PVC pipe?
What is causing a cat urine smell in my bathroom?
Uneven ACQ on Treated Pine Post Caps
How do I prevent shadowed areas when installing recessed lighting in a vaulted ceiling?
How should I waterproof a replacement shower floor?
Would providing shade for my air conditioner's condensor improve its efficiency?
Seal basement floor before tiling
Can uneven ACQ treatment be corrected on decorative objects?
How do I cap a T junction on a roof ridge?
Central air conditioner electrical disconnect amperage
What is the best method for short-term repair of composite wood siding?
Duration of charge held by High Voltage Components
How can I remove oil stains from a concrete floor?
What material is allowed for a furnace room ceiling material?
How can I connect a portable propane bottle to a tankless hot water heater?
What could be causing the bizarre whistling sound that is coming from the pipes around the en suite and main bath?
What type of sander could be used for both sanding spackle and doors?
Putting up a curtain rail on a dormer wall
Can I repair the warping in this laminate flooring
Why is my AC blowing from this pipe and freezing up periodically?
What should I do about my concrete shower curb that I did not remove all the air bubbles from?
What could be causing these mold issues in my brick townhouse?
How do I clean oil stains in yellow marble?
What is this name of this vent attachment next to my furnace?
How do I seal a 4+ mm gap between skirting board and slate tiles?
How do I keep my corner pergola from wobbling?
Can I remove the fresh air supply that is attached next to my furnace?
Can I put tile in my basement over Ditra and existing mastic?
Why isn't my Fluidmaster installation working correctly?
Why do my appliances show two sets of power consumption ratings and which one applies to my house?
How do I reroute my existing bathroom piping for a pedestal sink?
How can I improve this deck ledger and the flashing around my ledger?
How can I remove a dado strip of wallpaper without damaging the wall?
Can you use drywall mud on hardiboard?
What types of electrical outlets are found in a typical home in the USA?
How can I remove paper from glass?
Devices that can slowly lower and raise 200 pounds ~2 feet?
How do I find where my roof is leaking?
Why would all pizeoelectric plugs spark when igniting just one gas stove burner?
Is there a simple way to retrofit an existing toilet with a top-mounted sink?
What kind of timer can I use to maintain 7 day timing on an old setup?
Can a cracked toilet be permanently repaired?
How do I connect my new faucet to my supply line?
How can I find a leak in underground plumbing?
How do I keep heavy rain from draining into my house?
Why would my microwave continually rotate when connected to a voltage stabilizer which is also used for a refrigerator?
Is there any easy way to open/close bay window blinds at the same time?
how critical are temperature and humidity when installing laminate floors?
Do I have the right tools for drilling granite?
How to fix frayed carpet at tile transition
What kind of paint should I use on the hinges and hardware of an exterior door?
How can I stop the loud banging sound in my water pipes when using my clothes washer?
Why did I feel an electric current when touching my light switch?
Is there a way to get an oil stain off painted drywall?
How to clean spots/stains from marble?
Confused on what AC Unit to purchase and install?
Small stud wall to sloping ceiling under stairs
Why did I lose power to half the house when the breakers did not trip?
Are the wires for my generator transfer switch undersized?
Need to push fridge back but don't want to squish water line
Cost-effective way to have good lighting for color-blind users
Does my Central Heating system need balancing?
How do I wire this ceiling fan?
What type of insulation has the highest R value per inch?
What drill bit do I need to screw a hex cap screw into a wall stud? The magnetic DeWalt nut driver bits aren't an exact match
How do I drill holes for "cam nuts"?
How do I polish a marble table top?
Can I attach a metal box for a vanity light to a wood cross?
What depth does a gate post need?
How can I raise my bed frame cheaply?
My hot water boiler failed **On** - what would cause that?
How do you drain a garbage disposal?
How do I connect the wires to this USB receptacle?
How do I seal my shower escutcheon plate to prevent it from leaking?
What's the best way to recreate exterior wood trim?
Can I pour concrete if it's raining out?
What is a humane, safe and clean way to dispose of a live mouse caught in a glue trap?
How do I remove stuck (melted?) foam from under carpet on hardwood floor?
Ledger larger than house rim joist
Why does my hot cooktop indicator light stay on too long?
Why did my circuit blow after replacing a switch?
What windows should be used to soundproof from traffic noise?
Is this Asbestos?
How can I keep lizards away from my room?
Anti-Vibration mats for top loading washer?
How can I add tile to my fireplace?
How do I remove vinyl underlayment?
Can Romex (NM-B) be run through conduit?
How do I stabilize power to my PC from an erratic power supply?
Water falling on top of central AC
How can I remove the tile grout from the bathroom's tiled floors
What is this in my water softener?
How can I replace a ceiling light and repair the surrounding plaster?
How can I transmogrify a fixed monitor post in to a variable height monitor post?
How can I repair a crack in my fireplace hearth?
What's causing my washer to stop running during the wash cycle?
What kind of mask is required for grouting?
I have a 3-pronged receptacle but no ground wire connected to it. Is this ok?
What is the easiest way to tear out a bathroom subfloor?
Can I use metal studs for framing a shed?
What is causing the vibrations through my water pipes after flushing the toilet?
What's the height limit of a wood framed building?
Is ivy bad for your walls?
Varnishing existing floorboards
How do I fix a spot on my wood desk?
How do I ground my LED retrofit in a ceiling can?
How to prepare & paint a porch that has existing lead paint?
How do you secure electrical outlets in a concrete block wall?
I need a new shingle roof, does the 12/2 minimum pitch still apply if I use peel-n-stick?
What type of island hood do I need?
How do I fix a twisted shower head?
Properly venting a gas water heater
What is good advice for introducing kids to home improvement?
How do I fix a shower mixer so I get hot water without turning the knob all the way?
How do I make my house allergy proof?
Trim Molding Help
How can I tell where the other end of the conduit is?
What are the benefits of purple drywall?
Will these blinking LED lights cause a house fire?
Which type of portable generator will power my furnace during an outage?
Do dryer sheets interfere with the dryness sensors in a dryer?
How can i set up a Solar Panel to charge a 12v DC car battery and power a Raspberry Pi?
Will the second light in this circuit light up?
How can I remove a stuck coax cable from a conduit?
How do I maintain an 80% efficient natural gas furnace?
What translucent material can I use to cover the bulbs at the top of a medicine cabinet?
Dishwasher across from the sink? Way to make the pump stronger?
Concrete Mix for making small objects
Can an existing furnace flue be used to vent bathroom exhaust fan
How can i figure out which wires go where, if the colors at the furnace don't match the thermostat?
Garbage disposal install - runs on off, trips breaker when switched to on
Do I need special primer for red(ish) paint?
New Window in Structural Brick House
How to hang shelf on 2cm thin wall?
Does spray mount adhesive damage the paint on walls after the object attached to it is removed?
How do I change my closet doors?
what is the woodworking technique used to build this piece?
How do I keep a triple sat dish stable after directing towards the satellites?
Why does my HVAC begin vibrating and stop cooling at night?
How to efficiently circulate air to keep room cool?
Why does my front loading clothes washer stink?
Why does turning my kitchen light off turn on my outside light?
Can I add/install overhead kitchen cabinets without a wall?
What are these horizontal & diagonal 'studs' in the wall called?
Live wire running through entire apartment wall?
Why isn't my 3-way dimmer setup working?
How to add dimmer to "one switch controls another switch" configuration
Dimensional treated yellow pine lumber, non-standard widths?
Replacing a standard 2-gang light switch with an electric dimmer switch
How do I build wall-mounted shelves?
What does this square icon mean on my Honeywell thermostat?
Why does only the hot water have low Water Pressure from my 2 handle kitchen faucet?
Is PVC Schedule 40 pipe safe to use in a potable water supply?
Can I connect two separate ducts systems together?
Why will 26 1.2W 220V LED lights not work with an 800W inverter?
Need help identifying 75mm threaded sash window bolt
How should I connect to a short ground wire in a metal box?
How to fill between door frame and tile
What is the most suitable material to use for baseboards in bathroom
How best can I seal up an old coal door?
What is the best flooring for my basement?
Can I reuse a live rodent trap?
When to use a spline vrs a biscuit joiner?
How can I block this venting from rodents?
How do I install a junction box with NM-clamps?
Water Softener using 150 gallons of water a day to regenerate?
How can I brace a freestanding downspout?
Attaching sill plate to concrete, how do I attach framed wall to sill plate?
Can I use a cord and plug to power a wall sconce?
How to remove milk smell from hardwood floor?
What is causing extremely high water usage?
Did I wire my light fixture correctly?
How do I replace my electrical receptacle?
How do I know whether or not I've killed the mold?
What size extension cord should I use for multiple computers?
Is there any reason why I should have a contractor get a permit himself instead of getting it on my own?
Cleaning a dryer vent with a sharp elbow
What 'quick & dirty' finish for a concrete floor
What is the 'orangey' colour on this pine and how do I remove it?
How can I rewire my bathroom fan, light, and receptacle?
How can I remove flaking (likely lead based) paint from very rough, exterior stucco?
How to fix drainage from gutters?
What can I do about pocket doors that are blocked by floor tiles?
Would insulating a basement prevent it from passively cooling the house in the summer?
How can I repair this damaged air compressor?
How do I take down an internal wall tied into a load bearing wall?
How do I repair this soffit flashing thing?
What would cause an AFCI breaker to trip under no load?
How can I tell the handedness of a bolt?
what kind of floor tape can I put on my polyurethaned hardwood floors for spot re applying polyurethane.ng up
Where can you find out how repetitive the patterns of a particular laminate floor are?
What is best practice for tying in grounds on a metal box?
Why would a GFCI receptacle causes my electric tools to run slow?
Any ideas for cutting door bottoms on pocket doors?
Can I repair the cracks between the bricks in my fireplace?
can I put a single mixer tap in a basin that has 3 holes?
Is there a way to reduce the moisture content in wood in a short period of time?
Help me fix a gap between tile and baseboard!
How do I mount this box without drilling or damaging the shelf?
Wiring bath lights that have two power sources
How do I wire this 30A 250V straight blade pass and seymour receptacle?
Gas Oven Stove Will Not Ignite
How can I control a bath fan with two lights through a single wire?
Powering 5 foot section of LED flexible light strip with AA batteries
Wiring Leviton Timer to Bath Fan and Switch to Light
Why does my Central A/C Keeps Blowing its Fuse?
Is it possible to do two 3way switched circuits that share a common power source but the power source and the light wire are in the same box?
Can I just cut this part of the door frame out and replace it?
Click vinyl on basement floor with drain
Metal back on a slide in electric range
Can I clean a second story dryer vent that goes out the roof from the inside?
Vertical cracks on newly poured foundation
Can you tell from this frame if it is a nonbearing wall?
How can I run Ethernet cabling through concrete walls?
How do I fix this leaking dishwasher drain pipe?
Can I add a pendant fixture to ceiling fan?
Will I have any issues installing an in-floor heating mat with premix mortar?
How to install crown molding with uneven cabinet height?
What painting equipment is needed to restore a derelict wooden house?
How are integrated dishwasher's dimensions measured?
How can I move a tub drain plunger, if the linkage chain is missing?
How should I center a light fixture when there's a vent stack in the way?
Do I need to sand my entire deck before staining?
How can I stop water from coming in through a crack near the top of my bulkhead wall?
Can I create a water proof barrier to keep my garage & home from flooding?
How can I drill through concrete blocks to allow drainage from my backyard?
Basement bathroom rough-in with backwater valve question
Can I provide a secondary power source for my thermostat?
Is this the correct way to vent my roof?
Do the breaker amp readings sum up to dictate my current panels total / possible amperage?
Is it possible to find 4" x 8" lumber?
How to cut opening in double brick wall
Can I temporarily connect a dishwasher with hoses running along the floor?
How do I improve ventilation above my cathedral ceiling?
What would cause a well pump to suddenly be louder when operating?
How can I safely work around power lines?
How do I choose paint for exterior steel on carport?
Wiring a double light switch
Are SDS drills metric, standard or all the same?
Can a dryer receptacle be wired without a neutral?
Can I reuse an abandoned roof vent?
How do I turn off my water heater drain?
What type of lag bolts should I use for a deck?
How safe is having my boiler in my daughter's bedroom?
When drilling a tiled wall, should I aim for the seams or avoid them?
Is vinyl flashing as easy to work with as metal flashing?
Gable and Roof Vents Together?
Cold water faucet now runs very warm, but not quite hot
Is it code to have electrical wire going no where?
Should I temporarily cover my exposed soffit during a rain storm?
Are electrical subpanels safe in the bedroom?
What is this red powder under my carpets?
How can I calculate the number of solar panels required to power a specific load?
When wiring a switch loop, which wire is which?
How do I use hidden deck fasteners without compromising the integrity of the flashing?
What is the white paneling under the vinyl on my house, and how can I fix it?
How can I repair this Ikea light fixture that seems to be missing parts?
How can I drill to an exact depth with a hand drill?
What are some quantifiable metrics for comparing digital antennae?
Water from bathroom faucet smells like rotten eggs
Can I use these post brackets to attach railing posts on top of decking?
How can I build deck stairs flush with the end of the deck?
How can I remove this piece of metal from my garbage disposal?
Can I use EPS concrete for a fire bowl?
What do I need to replace after water damage during construction of a new home?
Should I be concerned? Wires look burned
What would cause my LED tape to flash when plugged in?
Why does my receptacle tester say open ground on my new outlet?
Will oil stains on my driveway ruin my driveway sealer?
Why do I have a 3 wire/double pole breaker for kitchen receptacle?
How can I trace my irrigation system without any sprinkler heads?
What kind of pipe should I install between my water meter and my house plumbing?
Why won't my toilet hold the refill water?
What tool should I use to cut through a wall to get to my attic?
Should a light tunnel be positioned facing east or west?
Leaking conservatory roof
Does my new soil pipe need additional venting?
How do I repaint old wooden doors?
What is the sandy substance underneath my old ceramic tiles and what preparation should I do before installing a new one?
Plumber told me it's unsafe to drain my water heater -- what should I do?
Why does my toilet make a high pitched whine when it refills?
Should I replace old blow in attic insulation with new roll out insulation?
Can I safely plug a 13amp washing machine into a 15amp power socket?
Why does the second light go out when the first bulb is removed?
Why is it good practice to remove sheathing from NM wire when going through conduit?
Can 6x6 Glue Lamm Post be installed on the exterior and be exposed to the weather?
What should I do with insulation in basement ceiling?
How to tell if wall got waterdamage?
Can I use LED lighting sources to illuminate my workbench and desk?
What problems could occur if I plugged a 3-prong plug into a receptacle labeled "No Equipment Ground"?
popcorn ceiling in old building but ceiling looks new- asbestos worries
How do I fix a door that's sticking closed?
How do I properly install a replacement thermostat in my refrigerator?
How to fit kitchen cabinets to corners that are not 90 degrees
What is the correct way to install a washing machine drain pan?
What is causing a wet patch on an internal wall?
What Material for Basement Walls?
How do I avoid squeaking with a hardwood floor?
What ampacity circuit breaker would I need for an 18 amp electric heater?
Halogen vs. Incandescent - is one 'better' than the other for an oven light?
I'm looking for a drywall finish that will hold a magnet
Can I replace this receptacle that has four wires connected to it?
Why does my water smell bad after the water softener?
How to handle painted backsplash that now has bubbling paint
Is there a good way to store and organize try/combination squares?
Why are the neutral wires not connected in this box?
Does a Daikin AC remember the settings when it was last turned on, or what the remote is set to on power-on?
Why is water flowing into my hot water tank from the output pipe?
How can I remove vinyl base without damaging the drywall?
What type of wood is this?
How do I clean dripped paint from a wood floor?
Why did this crown moulding not fit?
How to build a wooden ladder for a loft bed?
Why won't my toilet flush?
How to get rid of these white spots or fungus?
Why does my new lamp hum while turned off?
How do I know if a ceiling fan with light and the switch are wired correctly?
Can I use a circular saw for precise cabinet making
Why won't my pilot light stay lit on my hot water heater?
Why would the breaker be tripping after removing a ceiling fan?
How do I determine how efficient my furnace, A/C, and windows are?
Are cracks in a newly poured concrete basement floor a problem?
Can I build a hot tub using lumber?
Should I use silicone caulk on the side of a deck ledger?
How can I attach a 2x to a deck joist to give more room for stair stringer?
Why can't I drill into studs more than 1 & 1/2 inches?
What is the best type of underlay for vinyl flooring?
How can I prevent flooding in my house when it rains heavily?
Is it practical to glue stuff to tiles with hot glue?
How do I seal a garden hose against a nipple?
What replacement florescent lamps can I use?
How can I get paint to come off more evenly with a heat gun?
What are your recommendations for bedroom recessed lights in a step ceiling?
How do I fix Oak cupboards after the stain dried and bled?
How to replace stripped faucet stem?
How do I clean paint and glue from bluestone?
Is there a way I can make an interior door a better sound insulator?
My front door frame doesn't appear to support installing a storm door; is there anything I can do?
How can I finish the edge of a mirrored wall?
Code Question in regards to 120V / 20 amps
Irrigation sprinkler only comes on for a moment?
What kind of (1950s era) lock is this
Why does this toilet fill valve leak around the top?
How do we prevent air in the water lines from our well?
How do I repair splits in a wood cabinet going with the grain?
Can I use Murphy's oil soap to remove pine sap from composite decking?
Does a reverse osmosis system drain constantly?
Should the backer board be in front of or behind the tub flange?
My Refrigerator Water Tastes Like Peppers!
Preventing a door from slowly opening itself
How do I prevent condensation on my balcony windows?
How to stop concrete slab floor from absorbing water
Toilet in spare bath runs automatically for 2 seconds about every 20 min!
Can Arrow brads (BN1810) be used in Stanley staple/brad guns (like TR250)?
Can I use a single cable for cable rails?
Why does a GFCI trip when anything is plugged into the other outlets?
How can I plug my 3 prong dryer into a 4 prong receptacle?
Is it acceptable, or to code, to splice electrical wire outside of a junction box behind drywall?
Is there an easy way to replicate this ceiling texture?
Are track lighting systems standardized/universal?
How do I fix a leak in the bathroom floor?
How can I sand the underside of an enamel sink?
Shorted a wire and now no outlets work
How do I fix a leaky outdoor faucet?
Why isn't my mini fridge getting cold?
How can I adjust the depth to which a pneumatic toilet flush button must be pressed?
How can I remove the screw from a double demountable hinge?
How should I build a base floor for a large summerhouse?
Should I encapsulate my crawl space?
How long should it take a professional to lay a patio?
Why did my radiator stop heating after turning it down for a while?
How can I make a sturdy lightweight box?
What type of wire should I run when updating a ceiling fan?
Is stove pipe galvanized?
How do I tape new drywall that is butted up against a textured wall?
Washer Dryer Combo vs. Separate Units
How to turn off a light sensor LED light?
Re-Pointing Fieldstone Foundation
Question about my sewer stack situation
Dealing with nicotine stains in a Victorian property
No electricity going to thermostat
How do I install a dimmer switch?
Why do I have almost no water pressure after installing a new kitchen faucet?
How do I pump up water pressure in my shower?
Why would a gas boiler ignite then go out shortly afterwards?
Can I fit hardboard of two different thicknesses?
How to smooth the separation between 2 hardboards on the floor?
How soon can I paint after filling cracks in a foundation?
How can I improve the sensitivity of a motion detector light?
How should I properly ground a separate building?
How can I add a switch to separately control a light and fan?
How do I appropriately wire the transformer in a light fixture?
Can I insulate under my condo's subfloor?
Ceilling light wont switch off after a new installation
What should I do with the extra grounding wire in my ceiling fan box?
Howto convert old basement slab into finished concrete floor?
How to clean a 100 year old piano
How can I figure out why my circular saw has stopped working?
Is it okay to not connect the grounding wire to a ceiling box?
How should I connect nipples to a hot water heater?
Need help leveling part of a floor
Do tub drains of the same diameter ever have different thread-per-inch counts?
Can I bolt over an existing ledger board?
How can I confirm a skunk inhabitation, and then persuade the stinky squatter to vacate?
Can I run a 50 amp circuit underground?
Due diligence preventing leaks between condos
What type of tape do I use on a dryer vent?
Is it necessary to keep tools lubricated?
Why am I seeing voltage on the neutral wire from my 3 phase power supply?
Why two external dryer vents?
Why is my two month old dishwasher exuding a terrible smell?
Floating commercial dance floor over concrete
Is it safe to use a 50 metre (164 foot) mains extension cable?
Tiling over latex paint that has water proofing membrane
Why would my water taste like plastic fumes?
Do I need vents to devices in the primary waste line?
What are my options for a fire rated door for a 32" x 36" rough opening?
Can 18/2 CL2 barostat cable be used for speakers?
How do I fix a leak at a decommissioned saddle-valve?
How can I dismantle this shower tap?
Why can't I measure 240V on this wall heater wiring?
What is the best way to secure (2x6) wood framing to the concrete portion of the garage opening?
How do I remove concrete that has splattered on my brick pavers?
What is causing my circuit breaker to trip instantly and trip the next breaker too? Update - Video Added
Can I add rolls of unfaced insulation to increase the R value of my attic insulation?
How to I cut glass and marble tiles when they are on a mesh backing?
Will having reversed hot and cold damage my faucet?
Is sanding hardwood floors really necessary?
dual GFCI circuits with multiple protected outlets, all sharing a neutral
Can too much ridge ventilation be detrimental?
Detecting mold with a blacklight
Why is the pilot on my GE water heater turning off when the burner turns off?
"Recipe" for home-made SmoothOver?
Are torch-on-roofs the best solution for a low pitched roof?
Should a skirt board on a stair case be installed over the treads?
What to use to funnel floor air vent in cabinent for proper air flow
What tools should I use to remove the tongue and groove from floorboards?
What do the buttons on a Comelit Okay Simplebus2 Intercom/door entry system do?
Does NEC allow for recessed lighting to be placed in a vertical wall?
How do I get my small portable generator started?
One switch controlling 2 lights
How can I attach an air compressor to the pictured sprinkler system
AC won't turn on after replacing thermostat batteries
Hanging 73 lb frameless glass panels on drywall
How to remove flaking concrete sealer/paint
What is the part name/type for my fridge door sensor connector?
How can I fix a wall-mounted toilet that keeps running?
Using Water Supply Pipe to Connect the Earth Wire
Is convenient/needed to relocate while asbestos is removed from external panles in my flat?
How can you attach those stair steps to cement blocks?
How do I detect live electrical wires with a degree of confidence?
Can you remove the garage door sensors?
Terrarium electric board
is there a way to use a gas stove to supply hot water needs?
Repair water leak around gas line in foundation
Are garage door locks that cannot be opened from the outside available?
Any problem with installing two identical circuit breakers in series?
Why do I detect voltage on my ground of surge protector?
When is the best time to install solar tubes in relation to a new roof?
What can I use for a very small access panel?
Which is better/safer for cutting concrete slab, hammer drill or angle grinder?
How can I install these pre-hung doors?
What can I use to build temporary walls in an unfinished basement?
Is it an offence if my landlord has no GFI's in the house and outside of the house?
How do I make the connection for 2 lights with a power source between them?
How to lock black-pipe connections?
Do twin-blade circular saws reduce tearout?
Why isn't the spark gap lighting the pilot on my furnace?
can we use UPS as stabilizer for 1.5 ton AC?
Washer tray AND stand pipe with trap?
Can you get an "optionally cordless" or "hybrid" drill?
Will moisture become trapped between a double air barrier in the ceiling beneath the attic?
Why is the red ground light on, on my AVBar10 surge suppressor?
Furnace won't adjust to thermostat setting
Should I glue down sheet vinyl?
Window framing on old construction
Re-anchoring in existing (failed) anchor holes in brick
Clear wood finish with minimal color/sheen change?
How do I install this flush-mount ceiling light?
Powdery plaster with paint peeling
How to remove two-component adhesive from a stainless steel surface?
How do I fix a good size gouge in my faux wood vinyl floor?
On a slight incline, How do I construct a wooden garage floor that is level, floating and not-anchored?
what PEX fittings can I use with a Zurn PEX QickClamp Crimp Rings?
Problem with GU10 LED bulbs tripping out power
Should I remove dryer support roller residue and how?
What should I do about the insulation in my basement?
Where does my garage drain go and how can I unclog it?
Can I make the seams between the tiles in my shower water resistant?
How to respond when something floods inside home
How to fix a racked/sagging exterior wood entry door?
Why am I getting strange results when using a power meter to measure CFLs?
is there anything I can do if I overheat electric stovetop burner
Wooden siding repair
Concerns about replacing a worn out light switch
How do I cover the attic rafter bays after installing baffles from the soffit before replacing the siding?
How do I fix a leak in a fiberglass water tank?
Re-glue plastic edge banding on a desk
Washer not spin on all cycles
Why Does Over Kitchen Sink Fluorescent Use More Watts Than Bulb Says
Why Does Water in Toilet Bowl Drop
running low voltage wire from outside to inside
How can I attach plywood window covers without damaging the trim or shingles?
Will switching to LED lightbulbs make a significant difference in my electric bill?
Gas fireplace to wood burning
What are the pros/cons of different wire connectors on a switch/outlet? OR How can push-in wire connections fail?
Should I build risers and treads out of hard wood floor pieces
recommended heat tape for PEX piping
How can I remove a jammed, broken key from a lock?
How to take off paper glued to concrete with elmer's school glue
Air drying wood: whole dead limbs
What does wire loops on the wall for?
How can I solve an F-28 code problem on a Kenmore HE2 clothes washer?
Using metal paint can as cover for non-IC rated recessed lights
Is it OK to drill through a jack stud/full stud pair to cut a hole for water heater drain pipe?
How can I soundproof a grille in a wall?
Is it okay two breakers are controlling the same outlets and appliances?
When painting a house exterior, do you need to scrape and sand the entire house or just the peeling parts?
Is an electrical blank (or anything you have to screw off) an acceptable access panel?
Do I ever NEED to remove the angle grinder guard?
PC in desk build
Joining 8 wires into one
Does the pump for a water tank have to be next to the tank or some distance away?
Is it possible that this GFCI receptacle is grounded without an equipment grounding conductor being connected?
Can I cover/wrap 6x6 post with plastic to protect them from rain during construction?
How to lift a staircase frame?
water coming out of bathroom faucet when I turn on my kitchen faucet
Can 22 AWG Solid Copper carry 24 VAC?
How should this circuit be properly grounded?
Is it against NEC code to re-use pulled cable?
Main 4 inch waste pipe broken
What are the steps for pouring more cement around metal fence posts that are leaning?
Can I substitute halogen bulbs for incandescent bulbs?
How do I remove the vacuum behind my toilet's flapper valves?
4x4 to support floor joists
How to add indicator on a light switch to indicate the outdoor 3-way light is on?
My plumber installed my hot water baseboard backward. The feed and return are hooked up backward. What problems will this cause?
How can I make an automatically closing cabinet door?
What type of junction box cover do I need?
How can I unjam a garbage disposal that the allen wrench doesn't fix?
Get rid of squirrels without poison or bb gun?
How do I fix a warped kitchen cabinet?
water drainage and maybe mold problem
How can I remove excess commercial flooring tile adhesive?
How do I temporarily remove section of vinyl fence?
Basement subfloor, how exactly should I do it?
lennox furnace not working pilot light on but burner doesn't start
Priming new wall before wallpaper
Kitchen sink backing up problem
How do I remedy mold/mildew that has appeared since blocking off ventilation?
What are these bugs and how do I get rid of them?
How can I reduce the amount of noise transferred through my exterior walls?
How do I fix badly peeling and hairline fractures on indoor concrete walls?
Where do I measure a building's height on uneven ground (for UK Planning restrictions)?
In the UK, what is the classification scheme for outbuildings such as sheds and garages?
What is the proper way to wire a light switch,fan switch and receptacle in one box?
How do I disinfect a shopvac after possible contamination with hantavirus and other rodent diseases?
How to keep self cleaning oven from damaging things?
How do I fix my "OLD" glass door knobs?
Should I hang drywall up to the ceiling (using steel studs)?
What size wire should I use to feed a subpanel in my garage?
Is it OK for OSB3 boards to get wet during construction?
Inline water heater temperature floor?
Is using CFL bulbs without a ceiling covering them bad?
How do I remove footprints after sealing travertine tile?
What does this (electrical) value mean on my washing machine's back?
What causes wet/damp concrete blocks in a newly built shed?
Is it safe to convert a candelabra base in my ceiling fan to a medium base for use with larger CFL's?
Are Gemini Harmonie tiles and Gemini Ceramic Pool tiles safe to use for an outdoor mosaic?
Where could water be coming from inside the joint between bathtub and wall tiles?
How to fix a towel bar drywall anchor getting loose?
Is a standard power outlet sufficient for a 2.8 kW oven?
How can I edge concrete without an edge trowel?
Can I cover a high efficiency HVAC vent?
What should I do about this gap between the tub and tile?
Why would my pressure reducing valve fail after repairing my water main?
What curtain pole for a bay window?
How can I divert down spout water above ground to a different location?
Without using dowels, how do I join 2x4s edge to edge to be 1.5" x 7"?
Why don't my Radiators get hot?
In this plumbing code illustration, what are the meanings of "SH" "WC" "BT" "LAV", etc?
When cutting concrete for basement plumbing, how do you handle rough framing?
How can I clean hydrogen peroxide stains?
Why is my furnace blowing hot air outside through a PVC pipe?
Why does my laptop charger make a spark when plugged in?
Can a drywall screwdriver be used as a regular power screwdriver?
How do I make this Raspberry Pi box?
At what Lead levels are respirators and hazmat suits required?
What's wrong with my painting technique?
Do I need a vapor-barrier for laminate if my current floor is raised off a concrete floor?
Can an 18 inch duct be replaced by 4 smaller ducts?
Sump Pump Trips GFCI Receptacle. Is a single, dedicated non-GFCI receptacle safe?
Is it common to tile behind an OTR microwave?
How can I cut a cinder block wall to run large round duct through it?
Is Flex Duct Safe To Use In A Crawl Space?
How can I fix a shower faucet valve where hot and cold suddenly reversed?
How should one polish transparent polystyrene plastic?
Finding one power wire to two lite switches. ugh!
Can I install a subpanel using only two ungrounded (hot) conductors and a grounding conductor?
Why doesn't my gas furnace ignite?
Hidden fasteners for 1/2" spacing between decking boards?
Is this surge protector defective?
How do I improve the insulation in a vaulted ceiling?
What would a bracket for holding 1 5/8" square post be called?
Recommended method to insulate a raised (joisted) floor in the UK?
Is a water plumbing shut-off valve needed for every room?
How to better waterproof the shower area?
How do I fix a sticky spot on furniture made by a rubber ball?
How to move stacked washer/dryer from closet
How do I fix stain after sanding drips in polyurethane?
Do I need to add roof vents if I close off a small attic space in the garage?
Why is the answering machine making noise with a photovoltaic system connected to the house?
How can I install a ceiling fan, recessed lights, and receptacles on the same circuit?
Is flexible gas pipe safe to use for main or long runs?
What quality caulks are available in the United States of America?
Why doesn't my motion sensor light work?
Why is my 1997 Hot Springs Sovereign hot tub not heating?
What is the silicone-like coating on CREE LED light bulbs?
What's the best way to hang this large picture on insulated plasterboard?
How does a multi-tap motor speed control work?
Re-locating a split system A/C to a different room
How to find leak in a hot tub
Shared water supply with combi boiler but shower hot water pressure extremely low
Nicely mounting 2x4s to wall
How should I prepare a plywood subfloor for vinyl sheet flooring?
Why is my gas stove taking 30+ seconds to light?
Bathroom tile repair
Can I install windows into a concrete rough opening without wood buck?
Can I move the kitchen to the living room?
Thermostat / Oil Furnace Question
What are the code requirements for installing a ceiling fan alongside a fire sprinkler?
Is it a bad idea to attach inside mounted blinds to side of trim?
How can I calculate the power consumption of an A/C unit?
How can I calculate the Btus needed for a single room A/C unit?
How can I mount a security camera on the outside of the house?
How can I know if a self-designed structure I build will be structurally sound?
Temporary toilet installation
Why do I hear intermittent speaker hum that goes away when I turn lights off or on?
De-coupling fan and lighting switches?
Gas Regulator Replacement
Why must I hold the start button for my dryer to work?
Do I have studs on my plaster and lath wall around/above fireplace?
Can you run a junction inside an outlet or recessed light
Anyone have an idea about unidentified constant noise/vibration in single-family house?
How can I stain dark Sapele wood to reduce red tone?
Electric floor heat in basement without tile
Covering roof vents to keep out roof rats
Do we need to install shoe molding?
How can I ensure precise alignment of wooden parts assembled with bolts?
Can I replace two light switches with a single light switch?
Do I need a replacement attic vapour barrier after asbestos removal?
Why is my gas furnace vibrating when blowing hot air but not when blowing cold air?
Can I replace the insulation in an LG oven?
Does the neutral wire float or go to the neutral bus on a sub panel?
Fogged up window panes
Hot Water Circulating System Problems
1971 D615MH Coleman Furnace,
What types of businesses have tree roots available?
Remove gloss from wood
Can you run a pool pump with a cover on?
Is a2x8x10' enough support as a ridge beam for a 14'x10' shed roof?
What could be causing my washer to make thumping sounds after the spin cycle?
Broken/busted main cast iron drain line
How do I prevent water from leaking from my bath faucet when the shower is on?
What is a good way to cut a plastic drum in half?
Hot water doesn't come out of faucet right away and makes banging noise when it does
Can you fix scratches in Little Tykes furniture?
Why would a short cause the main breaker to trip instead of the branch circuit breaker?
circuit breaker problem after removing ceiling fan
Filling old cable holes in brick
Trip switch goes off 50% of the time when turning off an appliance
OK to drive screws into bottom of vinyl window frame?
How can I remove old paint from wooden door frames?
My mid 50's home has ballasts on incandescent lighting fixtures. Can I remove them?
Why is one half of a subpanel not working?
Potbelly stove standing on hardwood floor directly
What type of chimney liner and vent pipe are required for a wood stove?
What is this material on my interior foundation walls?
Why is my bedroom light not working?
How can I fill gaps in wall plates on an uneven backsplash?
What could be tripping multiple GFCI breakers?
How should I remove a raised concrete pad on my basement floor?
Why would I lose water pressure in my house for several months after running the outside faucets?
Hot water in cold water pipe
How do I remove paint from a porous table top?
Is this a load bearing wall?
Insulate and fill hole in wall that was for cables?
How can I reduce or eliminate flaking from a limestone basement?
When my primer flakes off easily how will it help hold the paint
Is there an easier way to remove a double layer of drywall on the ceiling?
How to use LED lighting strip on ceiling?
How can I repair a fiberglass ladder?
Why did insulation and vapor barrier cause mold in my storage shed?
What distance should I see between studs in a wood frame home built in 1943?
What is the purpose of this outside air return in my utility room?
How can I build a fence next to existing neighboring fences?
GfCI trips in bathroom
Why does my gas fireplace shutdown when fan starts up?
Why does my pilot light go out when I release the pilot light knob?
Why would my Kenmore laundry center have black/yellow oil/grease sprayed across the inside walls?
How can I fix a window with cracked glass?
Should I use a GFCI or AFCI circuit breaker with knob and tube wiring?
How to get proper support for a closet system from a firewall?
How can I fill a hole in masonry so I can redrill?
How do I measure joist deflection?
Is it possible to use the ice maker on a refrigerator without a water supply line?
How to protect exterior galvanized flashing?
Why does Fix-It-All sometimes dry yellow?
What are the differences between an expansion tank and a pressure sensor?
What kind of portable electric heater should I use in my kitchen?
How can I tell if my bathroom ceiling vent is working properly?
Is there any reason I shouldn't make my own stair treads?
As a beginner woodworker, should I buy a table saw or a band saw?
Why is my light switch leaking electricity?
How can I smooth an uneven concrete floor?
Laminate to tile transition
Can I use a braided flexible supply on a Polybutylene Qest Shutoff Valve?
How do I install an in-wall tank (wall-hung toilet) with the stack in the way?
Why does my gas water heater's pilot light go out when I replace the outer door?
Attic was built to be living space in 1945, but are the trusses strong enough to keep doing so?
How do I mitre exterior trim when the pieces are canted?
What should I do about excess flex in cement board that will be behind tile?
14ft wide wood gate construction
Closing off Cold Storage Room
How would I make a whiteboard for an odd sized space?
Finding the temperature sensors in a room
Bonding Ground Rod for Rooftop Antenna
How do I repair a door jamb that has soft and split wood at the hinge in my 100 year old house?
Can I connect to any neutral wire in the house?
how to repair large, uneven crack in concrete floor
What are the pros and cons of louvered gutter alternatives?
How to soundproof a wall between two apartments in a 1950s NYC structure?
How can I trace the exhaust duct of my bathroom fan?
What tool do I need to cut groove along edge of floorboard
Is caulk sufficient to seal around my new bathtub?
Is grout required when installing luxury vinyl tile flooring?
How should I install 5" white oak hardwood?
How to fix unevenly stained maple wood vanity?
How to find the water connection behind a shower wall?
Any way to correct stain bleed after the fact?
Is a corner roller or corner pad a good tool to use to cut into corners when painting?
How can I repair the start button on my LG washing machine that is hard to press?
Is there a way to mount a crystal ball on a stair post finial?
How to fit a new door in a narrower frame?
Why is the polyurethane finish I applied a month ago still tacky?
Jen Air Refrigerator Has Low Flow and Water Hammer
Can I install used carpet that's been removed from another home?
Can my rotary hammer act as a hammer drill?
Water drains from the toilet, but contents don't go with it
Why isn't the water on my second story getting as hot as I'd like?
Why would you use copper electrical conduit?
How do I connect a C-wire on a Triangle Tube Prestige Solo 110?
I did a bad job pouring a cement walkway, how can I fix it?
Floor plumbing pipe too far away from the wall for vanity
Guidelines for running tv cables behind walls for an HD TV
Is this type of curtain track solid enough for children?
Should I replace my mercury switch thermostat?
Can rotary tool bits be used with a drill?
How is a finish sander different than an orbital sander?
What is this stair trim part called?
How do I add two more lights to one cirucuit. The power is supplied to the first light?
How can I safely remove and replace a wall?
New light switch has blue, black, and white wires. Wall has black, white, and ground. Can I make it work?
How do I adjust for a door jamb that's thicker than the wall?
For new construction, which flooring is greener: laminate or engineered?
How should I prime/paint a new red cedar exterior windowsill?
Extending the "feet" of wire shelves for uneven surfaces
Why did this AC with a shared condenser stop working?
Is there a term for this bolt attachment mechanism?
How to create a conditioned attic?
can I cut in / blend old brick extension
Why is my furnace limit tripping?
What is/are the proper method and tools for drilling into masonry?
How do I close this hole in the HVAC vent?
What is the best way to clean a dryer vent?
Can upgrading my boiler save me money?
How do I get invisible edges on my spackle jobs?
Should the hammer function "feel" different from normal drilling function on a hammer drill?
Why am I measuring decreased voltage between my dryer's neutral and hot conductors?
Ground wire behaves weird
How can I cut detailed wooden monograms out of 1/4 inch plywood?
How can I cut up and remove a metal kerosene storage tank that is in a cellar?
How should I route my dryer exhaust pipe?
The right-handed (RH) thread vs the left-handed (LH) thread in screws
What can I use to adequately insulate round rigid metal ducts?
Can I install two GFCI receptacles on a multiwire branch circuit?
What open-source materials are available for understanding basic designs for bookshelves / cabinetry?
How to make an uneven, damaged 'rustic' tile floor even for tile & parquet laying
Replacing a sill, on a factory built Marvin window?
Was my new carpet installed correctly?
How can I get new sections of fencing to match the existing fencing?
Does a broken TPR valve disable the water heater?
What could be causing my kitchen faucet to not work?
How to connect wood to concrete
How to connect thermostat C wire to Weil-McLain CGa boiler?
What header joist sizes do I need for a loft bed?
How to build disassemblable structure?
How can I patch a hole in this brick wall?
Can I attach a HEPA filter to the HVAC outlet?
How do I identify the C terminal on my HVAC?
In what orientation should this L-bracket be when hanging shelves?
How do I design the circuit for baseboard heaters?
Corner Bead With Stucco Over Mesh
Can water siphon backwards through the main pressure regulator?
Why Do 240V Circuits Not Require Neutral?
Why does one light on a new chandelier light up after the others?
How do I build a white board stand?
What would cause the ceiling fan light to blink or shut off?
How do I replace the water supply line that appears to be built in to the shutoff valve?
How can I winterize windows with original trim from 1885 without ruining them?
How long should water come out of a radiator whilst I bleed it, if the radiator is isolated?
Is it ok to trim a header to make a door fit?
Why does one light blink after installing new three way switches in my hall?
Spilled teak oil in sink, now it's dry
What can I use to lubricate electrical contacts?
How do I hook up a new "pull-type" light switch in my basement utility room?
Where could the water be coming from found in this hole my dogs dug?
Repairing a boom lamp that keeps falling
How to diagnose a broken Aprilaire humidifier (Model 600)?
What size breaker and wire do I need for central air conditioning?
Water heater leaking from the top?
Water supply valve to closed radiant heat system on or off?
Can I install a Subpanel (in a seperate building) using a 3 wire connection (2 hots and 1 grounded neutral)?
Can I use bolts to attach a bed to the walls of my room?
How do I paint a metal sheet fence with a spray gun?
How can I route the cables for my TV in a basement with a "half wall"?
How to repair this cabinet door?
What type of drywall tape should I use for a drywall to plaster patch?
What is the best way to hang a heavy dynamic weight from a flat ceiling with joists?
How to level concrete floor that is chipped and has left over thinset
Will different sized bullet crimps fit together?
How can I figure out why the low voltage furnace fuse blows on heat but not cool?
Soft crumbling walls, electrical mounting box
How do I install this sump basin?
Venting a direct vent fireplace into an existing wood burning stove flue
Is it possible to insulate existing ducts without removing drywall?
How can I trace an electrical cable?
How to get rid of this sulfur problem
How to raise a wooden floor to same height as adjoining concrete floor before carpetting?
How to install this ceiling lamp
Hollowing out wood log for table
How can I insulate my fireplace when it's not in use?
How can I clean behind the electric grill element in my electric oven?
How should I protect the metal of a power rack that's kept outdoors?
How should I shim a foundation vent?
Can I upgrade from a 240V 30A circuit to a 240V 50A circuit?
How to repair garage ceiling?
Why didn't homeowners get electrocuted when appliances were grounded through the neutral?
How do I wire my new ceiling light?
Will this replacement induction cooktop fit in the cutout for the old cooktop?
What underlayment should I use to reduce traffic noise under a hardwood or bamboo floor?
How does a microwave door interlock work and is a DIY repair feasible?
Is it necessary to replace a hot tub pump if its seal has a leak?
How far apart is it okay to set thermostat during night and day
Mortar (or something) falling out of basement brick wall
What can I use to fill a 6-10mm gap between ceiling and front door structure?
Can I run water lines through the attic?
How can I bore deep straight holes through wood?
Can mortise and tenon joints be strong without glue?
Honeywell T6360 wiring - follow installation wiring guide positions or numbers?
What is the name of the metal strip that goes over a step
What size GFCI and receptacles on 20A circuit?
How to Fix an Unlevel Floor on an Upstairs Floor in Preparation for Nail-Down Hardwood Flooring?
How do I cut drywall on the ceiling accurately?
How important is the scoop cut in a drop-in joint?
Can I install a flow through humidifier on either side of the duct?
Will a non functional blower keep a gas dryer from heating?
How do I wire a humidifier without a 24 VAC IN terminal?
Why are only 2 of the 14 posts in my radiator heating up?
Can turnbuckles hold a frame in tension?
What is an aesthetically pleasing way to add lateral support to a loft bed?
What might cause the heating to get "stuck" off regardless of room thermostat?
How do I re-wire a ceiling-fan to reverse its direction?
Drywall installation on the ceiling without help
Yard Smells Funky When It Rains-I have a Septic System
What kind of subfloor do most people use these days?
Replacement of Ventra Bath Fan
What is the longevity of a three speed ceiling fan switch?
Aluminum window trim: what is it called and where to look for it?
Can I insulate my soffit vents in the garage for the winter?
Why is there an exposed wire coming out of my wall near my fluorescent light fixture?
How do I select a diamond tuckpointing blade?
Can I install whole house humidifier in AC ducting?
How do I secure a copper pipe going through a wall?
What are my options for transitions between Linoleum and tile?
How can I find out if my light bulb is a full spectrum?
Can a false ceiling improve insulation?
Practical limits of how many LEDs can you use to replace halogen 12V?
Where should I connect a second slave phone box?
After binding the three live (brown) wires together, remaining ceiling lights won't turn off
Electricians came in last week to drill and install pot lights.. are they in charge of plastering and making sure all is OK for painting?
I have flies after painters came
Installing a shower flange in a subfloor
How to apply wallpaper over styrofoam?
How can I remedy a slight bump underneath my new hardwood floor?
Fixing poor caulk job at aluminum siding and window trim
Are there span tables published for repairing a cut roof joist?
How do I place a terminal fence post next to my house?
Is wall preparation needed for a border of glass tiles?
Why does the water temperature fluctuate on this single handle fixture?
What do I do about thinset that has oozed up between the tiles?
How can I provide GFCI protection to my kitchen receptacles?
Is it okay to connect a round supply duct directly to an air handler?
How can I connect a CPVC pipe to a chrome fitting for a toilet?
Simple software for stress analysis of wooden structures?
Why would my Goodman gas furnace start but not stay on for more than 2-3 minutes?
Why won't HVAC supply stores sell directly to the public?
Is there an interior bathroom filter made to exhaust filtered air back into room?
How much do holes in metal shrink when it is galvanized?
How do you repair weep hole flashing in a brick veneer?
3-Way Light Switch, two blacks and a red?
Legal requirements regarding 100% asbestos duct work
Will a gas line for my grill be buried?
Is this electric water heater wiring correct?
Technique to level a patio for concrete and tiling
How do I patch a gap between my bathtub and wall?
Should I block or insulate my air vents for the winter?
How do I know if my wiring is aluminium or copper?
How can I run wiring around an inside corner?
How can I fix one stone step?
What's going on with this lightswitch (two wires to bottom connect, not connected on top)
How do I seal around an outdoor rated wall mounted luminary?
How do I fix scratches from sanding drywall?
Can I leave drywall floating in the corners of my basement ceiling?
what are the little dots on wiring diagrams?
What glue to bond metal and plastic in cold weather?
How can I tell if these pipes are gas pipes or water pipes?
How do I tile over a leveled floor with a feathered edge?
Help with Garbage Disposal install and high drain pipe
Can I use a receptacle and switch for a dishwasher and garbage disposal?
How to attach this tap cover?
I cleaned a cast iron bath tub with a toilet bowl cleaner
How can I get my cupboard doors to close after installing new hinges?
What could cause a temperature variance between our kitchen and the rest of the house?
Oil Spots on Laundry
How can install rafter baffle venting without removing drywall?
Ecologoic sealing "natural" stone floor indoors (impregnation)
How do I remove my tub diverter?
What are the tools and procedures of a re-grout task in shower room?
How do I stop my in-cabinet lights from falling out?
Fixing vintage glass doorknobs with loose glass to brass connection
Difficulty/Cost to repair drywall from tv mount?
Why do garbage disposal companies suggest using cold water with their products?
Should I frame a wall before or after installing the subfloor?
Why does my bathroom door make a cracking sound when opening it?
What to mask space between panel floor and balcony with?
Water seeping out of grout in exterior corner of tiled shower curb
How can I stick bathroom tiles back down?
Can I mix 12 gauge and 14 gauge wire in the same 15 amp circuit?
Combining multiple electrical runs into a single wire
Can I use an air to air heat exchanger to fix a radon problem?
Porch lamp outside house not working, and changing bulb trips the RCD
spray foam personal protection
How can I make the radiator heat my room more efficiently?
Can I terminate a ground wire to the neutral bus if the ground bus is full?
Why am I reading low AC voltage on my garage opener light?
Can I blow dryer exhaust into a pillow case or sheet?
Why does my dishwasher detergent get stuck?
How do I replace this switch with a dimmer?
furnace not staying on for heater!
Primer scraping off
How do I ground my replacement outside porch light?
Overhead lights in apartmenet units flicker and eventually goes off...what is the cause and fix?
Why does my central heating unit continue to run after reaching its set temperature?
What can I use as dog kennel roofing?
How do I prevent runoff from bar soap damaging the caulk in my shower?
What is this noise coming from my gas furnace?
Is there any additional sealing operation required after grouting for the bath shower
Can I wire a refrigerator and dishwasher on the same circuit?
Testing AC ductwork
extra thermostat, electric dampers and 1 furnace
HVAC air handler with a built-in humidifier
Why would a portable heater set off a carbon monoxide alarm?
Can I use a 40 lb propane tank just for my central heating?
Clamp meter with armored cable
my tv goes black for a second when my fridge goes off
Are extension cords safe for permanent use?
How do i get 120v @60Hz 400VA?
Is interior fresh air venting suitable for new furnaces?
Can I use particle board over wood plank flooring to smooth it out for laminate flooring?
Which end of an Allen Wrench should I be using?
Gas furnace kicks on then off frequently
White thinset on a light marble tile - tile turned dark - will it lighten?
Is using the light switch screw OK to ground a wire?
LG Dishwasher, no power at all
How to plug hole in foundation?
Can I install a new outlet here?
How do I wire a single pole and a 3-way switch in the same box?
Can I restore a bathroom sink with automotive filler and spray on enamel?
How to get down slope on drain lines?
How can I repair broken off screws in tub overflow pipe?
Provisioning for a hypothetical electric car
How Safe is this 5-way ceiling lighting DIY install
Why is there a septic/methane smell only in our kitchen?
Can I use a switch loop to power a ceiling fan?
replaced ceiling light wont turn off
Why did our kitchen faucet stop working?
Grout or caulk between acrylic bathtub and tile?
How do I snake this tub drain?
Can a water heater be installed overhead?
Can I rely on a simple gas valve to shut off the gas?
Why are my LED lights flashing when powered from an inverter?
Is there a special name in the US for round/hollow neoprene door seals like these?
Are black deposits on the interior of copper water pipes a health concern?
Why doesn't my replacement lighting work after my old fixture died?
Why is noise coming from our hot water radiator even when it is off?
How do I wire a double stack switch?
How do I caulk shower edges with the same color as my grout?
Painting over glossy paint
How can I repair the agitator on my hotpoint washer?
Why are my water/radiator pipes whistling when I shut down the heating system?
How to I repair moulding damaged by Blue Scotch tape?
How can I repair cracks in a sports court?
Why is there a copper wire attached to this water pipe?
How many cables are you allowed to run through a single hole in a wooden floor joist?
How to shut off water valve to outside faucet?
Dishwasher automatically turning on batch feed disposer?
How to remove the tap head from this kind of tap?
How can I repair stacking doors that are not closing properly and running off the track?
How do I replace this toilet shutoff valve?
How do I add grounding to my old electrical wiring?
How to run cable down wall near where the slope of the roof meets the ceiling?
Can I replace this Airwell thermostat?
Best solution to protect the floor while painting the walls
How do I remove this stuck faucet valve cartridge?
Is it possible to connect an inline filter to a hot water dispenser?
Can I use these tree stumps for a table?
In what order should I complete these projects?
Can I upgrade my hardwired smoke detector in apartment without triggering central alarm?
Where do I attach the fixture grounding wire when no supply grounding wire is provided?
How can I fix this portion of sliding screen door track?
How can I make tongue and groove cuts with only a radial arm saw?
Can you screw something that will not loosen?
How do safety labels on light fittings work with energy saving bulbs?
Do I need an egress window in a basement room not used as a bedroom?
How to tighten this kitchen sink faucet?
What's the proper procedure for replacing ungrounded circuits?
Why does this switch throw the breaker when turned on?
How is the alternating current in your home a complete circuit?
How can I replace 2-prong receptacles in a code compliant way?
Why doesnt my light work at night?
Is a raised floor viable and safe in a basement bathroom?
What should I do about an exposed wire for landscape lighting?
Hot water recirculation
How can I prevent my outside heat pump coils from icing over?
Are 2 prong outlets that are downstream of a GFCI outlet ground fault protected?
Does 3000RPM and 1700RPM make a big difference in overall performance noise of pump motors?
Is there a huge difference between 1.6amp and 3amp power usage?
Do smoke detectors have to be hard wired in New Jersey?
Removing a switch loop?
How do I repair damaged enamel inside my toilet bowl?
Wiring requirements for garage and bedroom addition
What is this type of traditional adjustable shelf support called?
Should I replace my Pressure Reducing Valve?
Can someone unlock a locked door and lock it back again without the key?
How do I remove a rust stain on my bathroom vanity counter?
How can we protect this furnace from environmental conditions?
How do I fix this fluorescent light?
How can I build a shelving unit like this?
How do I chain edison bulbs together with a junction box?-
How do I wire a 3-way motion sensor?
What design should I use for a desk that is only around 1' deep?
How to fill in a small hole in the tub?
Since neutral is connected to ground how is current kept off of ground?
How awful is it to have asbestos in the drywall?
Water pressure low after hose was left on overnight
How should I shut down a woodburner that is attached to an electric furnace for the night?
How to reroute a circuit that goes through a return air plenum
How can I join two solid surface vanity tops for a seamless appearance?
How can one whole group of outlets stop working, but the wires to one plug on one outlet are still hot?
Can I put concrete over PVC pipe?
Frozen Pipe(s) — How to Respond?
Wiring Bathroom Fan Switch
Hardwood floor refinish | correct / low cost finish?
How do I paint art onto a wall?
How to repair torn vinyl flooring
What's the fastest way to remove/dissolve plaster from brick?
I have both a natural gas burner with baseboard heat and 6 Mitsubishi Mr. Slim units. Which would be less expensive to use for heating my house?
Integrating into knob-and-tube wiring: okay to borrow a ground
What's the purpose of the paper in NM-B cabling?
Is it OK that my AC is making squeaking and rattling noises?
Can the blanket Insulation in my basement be left in place when refinishing?
Can a room be very cold because of the floor?
Why can't I find a stud in this wall?
How can I find the first receptacle in a circuit?
Understand a floorplan of an apartment?
how to remove a stripped allen screw?
Is it possible to reuse a copper pipe's compression fitting?
something similar to zip ties? (heavy duty)
What style of lock for swinging garage doors that shift with the weather?
Shade Netting Car Port - has a small tear - how to stop it from getting bigger?
How to measure heat in a Manhattan apartment?
When is pipe dope/tape needed?
What are the pins in this socket?
Why is my emergency generator hard to pull for starting?
Is it safe to connect a timer to an instant hot water dispenser?
Is it good that windows are shut when heating is on
Can I replace a 15 ampere circuit breaker with a 20 ampere breaker?
How should I attach a C wire on my chromalox boiler?
Can I plug a 15A snow thrower into a 15A receptacle?
Removing paint from wood
What is the typical dishwasher/disposer electrical connection?
How can I solder/braze thin stainless steel wire?
Can you apply surface-bonding cement over stucco as an exterior finish?
Stop heat loss through unused chimney duct
What would happen if I connected a dishwasher to a hot water supply line?
Can we use an under mount sink as a drop in?
Why would my TV turn off/on when connected to a surge suppressor?
How do I make this large mold for concrete countertop?
What is the purpose of the "grounding" tab/wire on a 3-prong to 2-prong adapter?
Why do my LED Christmas lights glow when plugged into a light fixture via an adapter?
Does the humidified air get filtered in a bypass setup
What is the standard distance a closet rod should be from the back wall?
Is a splice permitted in a PVC conduit body?
Connected Garage door opener with a wall console controlling two doors
Does anyone know if concrete blocks with half-moon tops are made?
how to remove a tiny screw that won't spin?
How to add door trim where there isn't enough room?
Why does my garbage disposal blow "swamp gas" up the other sink?
Would a failing igniter cause my furnace to blow cold air?
How can I waterproof walls that are not shower or basement walls?
How do I mount a TV on a solid wood wall?
When replacing a circuit breaker in the service panel, how can I determine which neutral is associated with the hot wire?
Should I use a 6 mil poly moisture barrier for engineered hardwood floor installed over concrete slab-on-grade?
Is primer required for fresh knockdown texture?
How do I mount a TV to cover a cubby hole above my fireplace?
Should I use a roll or spray method to paint my textured ceiling?
What makes water condense on the interior of the windows at night when it's cold?
How can I locate and eliminate mysterious water hammer related to humidifier?
Can I use a magnet to make a hinged mirror stick to the wall?
Can I sweep blown insulation to one side and replace with fiberglass batts?
How can I prevent the intake vent for an on demand water heater from getting plugged?
Is tape applied to drywall right after mud is applied or after it has dried?
How can I remove a granite countertop from a wooden vanity?
How do I seal a vapor barrier on my basement walls if I have none from the floor above?
How far away from the wall should ceiling heat registers be?
How can I efficiently heat a bonus room above a detached garage?
Can I fill sagging spots in my driveway with asphalt and hot tar?
How do I paint over marble chip plaster?
What should I use to fill a gap between oak trim and wall?
Heat pump - outside unit fan not running
Can I use a heat gun to melt the Ice from the external part of split ductless system?
Should I install a vapor barrier on the bottom of my garage ceiling?
How should I install a thermostat for a baseboard heater?
How should I fix incomplete insulation on a skylight shaft?
How do I prevent my gable vents from clogging with ice?
Trying to understand clearance regulations on woodstove chimneys
Replacing a spanned "beam" with a cantilevered beam
I have a very humid room in the house, should I isolate it?
How to replace bathroom supply line?
What is this single pole switch to empty ceiling box blows breaker when switched on
How can I extend the wires inside a transfer panel?
How do I repair a bedside Lamp?
How do I prevent harmonic resonance hum in PVC vent of newly installed hot water heater?
How should I widen a picture frame?
Multiple weak light bulbs vs one strong light bulb
How to measure air flow coming out of registers?
How can I replace a tilt up garage door, with near zero clearance, low overhead?
How do you calculate the safe working load of chains?
Should I suspend a shelf from the ceiling?
How do I replace this switch with a timer?
Air admittance valves on waste pipe with extraction
Exhaust fan leaking from elbow joint connected to the ceiling
Question about roof vent
How to fix a window, keeping rain out but allowing wind in?
How do I remove plastic shelving molly clips?
How do I repair damage to the plaster on my bedroom ceiling?
How can I stop kitchen sink caulking from peeling off after a few weeks?
What material is window insulation film?
What should I do with the exposed grounding wire during a conversion from hardwired to plug in light fixture?
Why was the ground for this fluorescent fixture not connected to the ballast?
Can I modify the vent from my high efficiency furnace to prevent possible damage to the exterior of my home?
How can I fix this broken cluster mailbox unit (CBU)?
How do I get an exterior vent to stop frosting over in a cold Canadian winter?
How do I clean stains from rice pilaf from my off-white carpet and wall?
Residential electrical installation, at what voltage is a licensed contractor required?
How can I determine circuit breaker requirements for an electric range?
Why would water be coming out of my shower when I turn on the bathroom sink?
How can I repair this washing machine that I think has had the chip wiped?
Does amalgamating tape adhere to wet surfaces
Strange smell in my bathroom
How to drill a hole in the wood without an electric drill?
How do I rebuild a large fence gate?
Use baseboard to conceal wires?
How are equipment grounding conductors counted for determining conduit or junction box fill?
Can I run NM-B inside EMT conduit for protection?
Why electrical switches are rated lower for led than incadescent lights?
How to calculate potential energy savings from using a tempering tank?
Can I connect a portable generator to a subpanel to backfeed my house?
Is it possible to stack dryers?
Door makes loud bump upon closure
Is is safe to plug a surge protector into a 2-prong outlet using a 3-to-2-prong adapter?
Do modern washers heat the water if below cycle temp?
Is there a downside to leaving cavity in wall behind mirror?
Can I install 1x6 T&G boards over 1/2" drywall on 2x6x14' ceiling joists
How can I eliminate condensation on my toilet tank?
How should I fix this drywall hole for my bathroom paper towel holder?
Why does my house feel colder in one area after installing blown cellulose insulation?
Why is there no water pressure after turning main off then back on?
How Can I Reduce "Splashiness" in the Kitchen Faucet?
Can I go from a 3-prong outlet and connect to a 2-prong outlet and switch?
How do we properly clean a tumble dryer?
Wireless Thermostat C-Wire Substitute
possible cause for the water heater being unable to be lighted
Weslock Double Locking Deadbolt Impossible to Remove from Door:
How can I connect a receptacle to a two wire extension cord?
How can I safely test my (optical) smoke alarm?
Did I damage the breaker by incorrectly wiring a generator?
What materials are fake coals for gas fireplaces made of?
How to reinstall iron stair railing in concrete that rusted out at the base?
Converting closed stairs to open stairs
What do you call this thick washer-type part?
Remove Outdoor Carpet Glue
How should I vent bathroom exhaust fans in an old brick house with slate roof?
Combi boiler lighting hourly to warm heat exchanger - is this normal?
How can I check for electricity theft?
Can I drill another set of holes in my studs to mount a TV?
Do I need conduit for an indoor sub-panel feeder line?
Can a boiler water feed / pressure relief valve be repaired?
From metal roof to composite shingles, mold and water issues?
fitting a smaller range
Will chained GFCIs malfunction?
Can I share the dishwasher or other appliance lines from adjacent room lines?
How to level sloped concrete ceiling, and is it worth it?
How should I cut through hardwood floor?
Removable windows for the porch or sunroom
How to tell if a carpeted floor is level enough for laminate flooring?
Can used Xmas trees be recycled into particle board?
Is this normal for the brick to extend past the concrete slab foundation?
Is it necessary to remove old wasp nests?
How should I mount a rework box if it has to go through an MDF/wood panel and drywall?
Secure TV mount?
Hangman's Noose vs Uni Knot
Switched outlet in my attic - requried by code to not always be hot?
Is it "normal" for a vacuum cleaner to trigger an arc fault breaker?
How do I plumb radiators in an off grid cottage?
Wiring the Auxiliary switch on a 3-way switch
How do I find the switch plates behind the plasterboard walls?
Can I repair a shower without pulling everything out?
Is silver bearing lead-free solder sufficient/safe enough for water heater plumbing?
What's behind my drywall?
can I install a new thermostat by just turning off the power instead of turining off the circuit breaker?
Faulty rotary knob on AEG microwave
Will a ledge of drywall get deformed with time?
How to attach a bar in a doorframe
How can I insert a receptacle into this junction box?
How can I determine if my HVAC system has features which are not currently wired to my thermostat?
Is polystyrene sun/heat/frost-resistant?
Controlling separate heat and AC devices from a single thermostat
What should I do if my vacuum trips my AFCI device?
Should the cold water supply be constantly open for hot water heating system?
Is there a UK equivalent to a BC Dry Chemical Extinguisher?
Is this a load-bearing wall between my house's entrance and dining room?
What is a suitable mortar when repointing a wall made of soft red brick?
Unsure about my structural engineer, can you check his drawing?
High or low speed for Dremel cut-off wheels?
Is it OK to run 12-3 cable to a ceiling fan from a switch that's wired with 12-2?
Can I use a normal 240v weatherproof on/off switch for an electric fence cut out?
Why do air conditioners have thermostats, not humidistats?
Lens filter for recessed light
What can I do about out of square rough opening for new windows?
What size timber beams do we need to span our ceiling/floor system?
Why does the pipe to my radiator get hot, but the radiator itself doesn't?
How to find joists through sheetmetal ceiling?
Does Limecrete exist in North America?
can i use an inline exhaust to vent a kitchen and bathroom?
How can I take the hooks off of this shelf holder?
Does it make sense to paint floors prior to installing laminate flooring?
Do I have to hardwire my electric garage heater, or can I use an existing 240V receptacle?
Will I draw more power/use more energy if I add an additional heater?
How can I determine the precise location of a clog in a drain pipe under ground?
237V seen across terminals of a dimmer switch when 'off'
Can I prevent power theft?
How do I bleed baseboard radiators without a bleeder valve?
Is a porch just a deck with a roof?
carport to garage conversion
Can I run PEX through PVC pipe embedded in a concrete floor with radiant heating?
What should I know before having bathroom fixtures installed?
What is a reasonably economical way to heat a basement bathroom?
What do you do with a company who did a bad install who will not come out to inspect the job or return your calls?
How do I hang a shelf without drilling holes?
Is it okay to flush water heater onto the drip pan with drain hole?
Do I have to run an extra wire all the way to my new thermostat, or just to the "router"?
How to repair a basement ceiling's old school interlocking tiles?
new plumbing, new HE washer, now wash over flows
What can I do about a damaged finish of Bruce hardwood floors?
Combi boiler doesn't realise it's already lit
LP for gas stove
How do I eliminate the cold drafts coming from my air conditioning vents during winter?
Why does the cold water pipe rattle when my washing machine is set to hot?
Insulation to condition attic space
Furnace flashing 4 times (Ducane)
Installing water softener outside or inside? Already have“Easy Water” device. Does that change water hardness grains entered into new water softener?
Heating issues with slab foundation 50 year old home
How do I fish a wire into an existing electrical box?
Starting row of laminate flooring
What could cause a gas fireplace to stop working during operation?
What might be causing leaks in my roof and ceiling?
How do you access under a front loading washing machine drum to remove a trapped coin?
We have a Chromalox EDB-20-1 hot water furnace, and it sounds like a flowing stream whenever the water flows through the house
What are the steps to troubleshoot no hot water coming out of just one faucet?
Preventing a frozen pipe on an extreme weather night
How does one fire short staples into hard wood?
What's the minimum amount of electricity used by an appliance?
Does this arc fault breaker manage one or two circuits?
Is it safe to replace a GFCI breaker with an arc fault breaker?
Why are my dimmer switches malfunctioning?
I have voltage on my neutral wire for a 220 volt ac inverter and blew up some of my house appliances
Notch rules or guidelines for steel studs (non-load bearing)
My toilet backed up with no water
Temperature control when I can't affect either airflow or thermostat
Do I need to remove existing drywall before framing an interior wall?
Will blown in insulation help in this situation?
Leak at top of entry door jamb
How do I replace the fireplace burner?
How can I install a vanity over this unfortunate plumbing?
Bubbles in toilet, gurgling sound coming from kitchen sink
wonder why my cable have this split on?
Is a PVC union air tight?
Do I have to replace backerboard before tiling a floor?
Installing wall shelves- Crumbling walls
How did my water meter become loose?
What are the possible ways to prevent heating pipes in an entryway from freezing?
If my wall has metal studs, is it better to anchor heavy objects through just drywall or also through the studs?
Using PEX for baseboard run
How to identify circuit breaker to non-functioning built-in microwave oven?
How can I modify a flooring transition so that perfectly fits the two surfaces?
How much of a gap do I leave between the wall and the OSB I am putting down on the concrete for a subfloor?
Need to cap a ceiling fan pull-chain switch hole
Why does my shower goes cold when any other faucet is turned on?
What does "roll" mean in the context of hardwood flooring?
Do you have to mount the main electric panel on a piece of plywood?
Opening the cabinet on a Maytag Centennial Dryer
Newly installed ceiling fan, lights turn on and off on it's own - dimmer switch, breaker or light bulbs causing issue?
I just had a heat pump installed. I had central air already so the duct work was there already for a/c. Should my vents in the ceiling be changed?
What can I do to ensure my pool doesn't freeze?
How will a granite countertop on a floating island affect the laminate floor it sits on?
How to do surface preparation of walls before painting them?
How do I prevent mobile home flexible water lines from freezing?
Is there a way to thaw a frozen pipe, if you can't access the pipe?
What should I use to fill drilled concrete holes that are not used anymore?
How do I disassemble this shower screen without damaging it?
How much distance do I need to branch from water heater?
Trouble with twinned Bryant heating units
Is it possible to rekey an Andersen exterior door with Kwikset SmartKey?
Should the water heater be shut down if the water main has to be turned off?
Why is lots of water bad for septic, and how can I take long showers without hurting it?
Are T-8 lights and T-12 lights safely interchangeable?
Type of beadpanel to use for wainscoting in a bathroom
What type of screws should I use?
How can I thaw a frozen washing machine pipe limited access semi-exterior wall?
How to get doorbell louder?
How do I connect a WiFi thermostat to my furnace's primary control?
Blue stains from water
How do I install baseboards behind bifold closet doors?
What do I do with the ground wire?
What is this type of lead called and how do I wire to it correctly?
My dryer stopped turning but still shakes when on and I think gives out heat
Would retiling a shower with larger tiles mitigate mould growth on the grout?
oven repair, is it possible the gas line is clogged?
How can I fix floor cracks in bathtub (enamel?) coating?
Replacing existing 9" dome fixtures with new 13" ones
gas line location for natural gas clothes dryer
Is it possible to splice this garage door safety sensor wire with some other wire?
Need to add common "C" for thermostat; can anyone indicate where to connect it?
I have an old house (100 yrs) up off the ground and in the past year the wood floors have began to sag where the boards meet
Why do I hear water running in my bedroom wall when faucets are on or when toilets are flushed?
How to make paint stick to a stud screw?
Does hanging tapestries and/or corkboards on a wall help attenuate noise across a thin wall?
Should backsplash be tiled before or after installing kitchen cabinets?
To which extent can outside walls make a room cold?
Two A/C units are close to each other and turning one on turns the other on. How to fix?
Convert One 3-Way Light Switch to Belkin WeMo Light Switch (Single Pole)
Find replacement decorative wood spindle for screen door
What glass and materials are needed to install a glass shower screen against a sloped wall and where can I get them?
How to tell if carpet is destroyed after a flood?
Not to apply polyurethane
How can I smooth out a poor drywall repair?
Propane HVAC system - convert to use wood burning stove?
Replacing battery in backup sump pump
How can I modify a 4 wire thermostat to a new thermostat requiring c wire?
At what voltage are "low voltage" junction boxes not appropriate?
How to learn home improvement for young adults?
Assemble and dissemble tools for vanity table
What is this, and can my dryer work without it?
Why does my stud finder detect electrical wires over a large area of my wall?
Desuperheater vs Heat Pump Water Heater
In what way does varnish protect wood?
What is this fabric tape made out of?
Is it legal (or green) to have an unswitched bath exhaust fan with nightlight that runs 24/7?
How to add a 'c' wire common wire to this system
Is there a problem in adjusting the radiator setting too often?
Toilet flange conundrum
How soon can I repaint a wall that I just painted?
180º/gooseneck/u-shaped cold air return?
Bathroom Venting
Why does the blower in the attic vibrate during heating when it is really cold?
Painting an old metal gate with some corrosion
Mysterious sound coming from basement, related to water pipes
Is this a normal fault mode for an arc fault or what is happening in my wiring to cause my AFCI to trip
Shower water temperature problem?
Can you remove a tin roof and install insulation and re-attach the tin roof?
How to install this double switch
Why is this plywood missing the grades?
What kind of wall switch is needed for a natural gas fireplace to ignite consistently?
Is it okay to use brass inserts in a plastic reverse osmosis pipe?
Radiators don't heat up evenly, and am missing an Expansion Vessel. Do I need it?
Safety of 3-Way Lightbulb That Exceeds Max Wattage Only On Highest Setting
Cast Iron to ABS - exterior of cast iron not smooth - how to stop leak at coupling?
Drains backing up - will it affect my drinking water?
How can I tell what kind of baseboard heater I have installed?
How many screws are there in a 5lb box of 3 inch screws?
Can I dim LED lights when there are two different switches for the same fixture?
Adjust a refrigerator on the floor
Why are my water supply lines deteriorating?
Can I use the area above my garage for storage?
What kind of thinset should I use on porcelain?
How can I hide exposed countersunk screws in kitchen cabinets side panel?
How can I join boards for table legs?
Will I notice a pressure drop going from 1/2" pex to 3/4" CPVC then to 1/2" CPVC?
Why isn't my aircon blowing cold air?
How can I vent moisture from a small pump house?
Is this wall load bearing?
Why are two breakers controlling the same circuit?
Is vinegar really an effective carpet cleaner?
Should I reroute my condensate line to prevent freezing?
How to get both sides of 1/2 inch water pipe into a new coupling
How should I handle old wallpaper over top of lead paint?
Is beeswax ok to use to keep a screw tight?
How can I get all the water to go down the drain in this sink?
Frame Overhanging Slab by 3inches and not attached to support bolts
Is a multi-strand conductor better suited for house-hold wiring than a single-core?
How to stiffen flexible plywood
When should HVAC returns be opened and closed?
Prevent air leaking from couplings on an air compressor hose
How do I fix hole on wood siding?
Does our main air intake need an electrostatic filter if our furnace already has one?
Will adding blown-in insulation to my floor cause a moisture problem?
Compound mortise and tenon joints on corners (ie. legs of a table)
Why is my bathroom fan buzzing and humming when I first turn it on?
What could be causing an orange flame on all appliances?
Hallway light with multiple switches doesn't always work
Hot Water Pipes in Multistory House
Recommened nailing schedue for cripple studs between header and top plate
Do I need to brace joists after removing basement ceiling?
Turning two switched outlets into a half switched outlet when only 2 wire is used.
How can I fix a garage door motor that runs but doesn't move the chain?
What gauge wire is typically used for the input to a home breaker box?
Do I have to cover the entire floor while painting a ceiling, or can I simply cover the floor in the area I'm working?
Should I cut-in the whole room at once, or only the portion I'm working on?
How can I get plastic wall anchors to work with a tile wall?
How can I repair the structure of this floor?
Is there an improper way to connect water lines to water heater?
Do I have to obtain a permit if an electrician does the work?
How to poke coaxial cables out of a wall nicely?
Replacing hardwired fire alarms with 10 year sealed alarms
How can I deep clean grout in my kitchen?
How would I go about building this bed frame myself?
Defeating hardwood-marring kids and dogs by using hardwood that's already marred (distressed)
Plug-In Power Monitor causing washing machine drum to become electrified?
All kitchen water supplies have low pressure
Why does cold water always mix in bathtub mixing valve, even on hottest setting?
Strange smell coming from my dishwasher
Surplus part came with my dishwasher
How do I terminate coaxial cable in a crimp on F type connector?
Insulating attic with no soffit vents.
Can I make PVC pipe into a decent indoor column?
How do you install a solar light tube through an outside wall into the basement?
Basic instructions for building a cabinet?
How do I fix the shelf support holes in my cabinets?
Even when I turn off the manual valve to back yard sprinkler system few sprikler heads are showing small valter flow?
Wiring diagram to split one circuit for ceiling lights in multiple rooms?
How can I disassemble this P-trap?
How can I tell if this is wood or drywall?
Subfloors and stairs
Do stairs need to be the same height after landing?
Change half switched outlet
How should I insulate this basement wall?
How do I properly lay a tongue and groove plywood subfloor in a remodel?
Can I run THHN wires through an attic without conduit?
Should I leave the fan switch on my thermostat set to fan rather than auto?
Why does my shower only get hot when the sink faucet is on?
Can I use dimmable leds without a dimmer?
What would happen if I used a 3 speed fan control with a 4 speed fan?
How do I match the color of old wood with stain after a repair?
How close can an electric water heater and an electric furnace be to each other?
How do I plumb LP gas lines for multiple things? Tiki torches, grill, smoker
When snaking the main sewer line, how do you know when you've reached the street connection?
Why would said gas furnace keep shutting off?
How can I repair my two sloping concrete slabs?
How do I turn my top-heavy headboard into a freestanding headboard?
Can I make a RH inswing exterior door into a Left hand reverse outward swing
How effective are outdoor foam faucet covers to prevent freezing?
What is open time, working time for adhesive?
How can I make suction cups stay securely to a tiled shower wall?
How do I deal with glued-on drywall?
How to remove floor adhesive from concrete?
Is it OK to have the kitchen drain and roof vent on the same line?
How should I fix this hole at the top of my sink?
What kind of plug adapter do I need?
Is a 6" carpet seam okay?
What is the best way to cut receptacle holes when hanging drywall?
How do I move my shower isolation pull cord switch?
Breaker box or heat pump problem?
How can I switch between two generator inlets?
Addressing un-level floor when using ceramic tile
How can I hang pots on my brick wall with the least amount of drilling?
What can I do about no VOC paint that stinks after it has dried?
What type of adapter should I use to turn a cordless drill in to a corded drill?
How can I make a wooden floor flat, without using self leveling product?
How can I hang a shelf on a paneled wall of a mobile home?
How to test for mold in basement?
Did I use the ground wire right? (Light Fixture)
No hot water in all washrooms
How to add a new cable box to an existing stud wall
What kind of led strip should I use?
How do I handle an extra black wire when replacing dimmer switches?
How to open old under cabinet halogen light?
How to determine depth of non-load bearing post when NOT using concrete?
How do I go about framing a half wall into a full wall?
Can I use Rigid Foam Insulation instead of fiber insulation?
Can I stack my boxed air conditioning units for storage?
When should I worry about icicles on my gutters?
Forced air system blowing cold air through bedroom vents, hot through the rest
How is garbage disposal installation different in a sink without an existing disposal?
Any ideas on hiding a TV in a coffee table?
Bathroom, dryer and central vac - Can any of the exhausts be combined, and can any use the same penetration?
How do I tighten/loosen this recessed nut and bolt?
Why are some radiators hot when the system is off?
Crawl Space Encapsulation Question
Blue water and plastic pieces always stuck in the screen in faucets
How can I restore my carpet's pile after too much cleaning product was used?
Replaced toilet valve & tube, turning water back on rumbles
How do I rewire LED security light to bypass motion detector - without burning out solid state board
Drill tool unable to work when face up
Should I be concerned about foundation seepage and what to do about it?
What type of wire should I use to repair a toaster oven?
Which way should furnace filter face?
What is this technique of joining wood called?
Getting shocked by a neutral wire
Safe to install Illumra wireless switch kit with 2-Pole wiring?
Why is my downstairs shower pressure lower than upstairs?
What pipe diameter, for gravity drain of a given impermeable area?
Puzzled on which Door Jamb to order
Should I replace my toilet's wax ring when I see moisture around the base?
Can I connect my generator transfer switch to a subpanel instead of to the main panel?
Under Cabinet LIghts - Anything Exist That's Not Harsh White?
I have this light and I don't know how to open it
How to insulate slab that's been extended?
Making a timber frame cupboard door using an MDF insert to hold its shape
What do I need to know about LED strip lighting?
How can I replace a long double vanity with two single vanities?
If neutral carries current back to the breaker panel, why doesn't it need to be connected to a switch?
Can I run the cord for plugged ceiling lights through the attic?
Toilet water level lowers when other toilet flushes
Boiler Temperature in oil system
Why do I have almost no water pressure after installing a new valve?
Would removing the back-board of cupboards help against mould/mold?
What is the best way to solve my unusual lighting and wiring challenge?
Why did my electric range wiring burn out at the terminal block?
Should a water distribution manifold consist of a circular loop?
How can I prevent racking on a large free standing wardrobe?
Is a hexagonal house feasible?
How do I fix a squeaky carpeted floor given that scored screws don't help?
Why little holes/dots when I apply joint compound?
Clunking sound when ground water heat pump stops running
Why won't a NEST that shares control of a furnace with a conventional thermostat turn on the heat?
How to Calibrate a Make-Up-Air Controller?
Looking to improve acoustic and thermal performance before relaying wooden floor
Does a thermocouple need to be screwed in to work?
What do I do with the third set of wires in this switch box?
Doorbell for a rectangular switch box
Filling gaps in hardwood floor - what's the easiest way?
How can I fix my loose toilet seat?
Will removing the insulation from an unfinished basement cause it to be a lot colder?
Implications of/Fix damp on shared wall
Why does my toilet feed service valve still leak?
What are the potential hazards of converting to a saltwater pool?
Do I really need an expansion gap around the entire hardwood floor?
SimpleHuman plastic slim trashcan cover won't stay on
Covering insulation in the garage
How would I start to repair this Shurflo 2901-0213 water pump?
How can I build a bed frame out of palettes?
how to wire two three way switch to a ceiling fan & add one switch for the fan and one for the light
Why am I getting no satellite signal after running electrical cable alongside the satellite cable?
Why is there a drip after I replaced toilet innards?
Led lighting. Extended lengths
How do I add an outlet to the end of a circuit that terminates with a recessed light fixture?
How much space do I need between rafter ties?
Is it normal for actual temperature to be below target temperature during cold weather?
How do I make my gas furnace throw out warmer air?
Replacing outdoor outlet
How to get a new tumbler pattern to re-key existing locks?
How do I restore the original finish of a reglazed plastic tub?
How do I drill into an existing galvanized fence post?
Should I remove, or work around dividing basement walls?
Water not circulating in one radiator on a hot water boiler
All Leather Sofa Creases
Radiant heat in ceiling
Dimmer switch not turning on light until at 50%?
How Should I Store Antique Furniture?
Why doesn't the "fan on" mode work after I installed a new thermostat?
Can a 20 amp circuit have a 14 gauge pigtail directly to one receptacle?
Are there any decorative fire-retardant finishes for a structural steel column?
Was my pressure release valve installed backwards?
Crawlspace Vapor Barrier Overkill?
Removing broken screw from electrical box
Easiest way to build an oddly-shaped shelf for cabinet above stove
What is the best way to remove hair from carpets?
Can an electrical subpanel go underneath plumbing?
How can I correct a crowned floor joist?
How to connect flexible tube to copper pipe
How do I install a Rubbermaid closet organizer in a paneled mobile home?
Can a door bell be powered from a receptacle?
Do I need a sleeve for through the wall air conditioner in new construction?
How does decalcifying work, and is it something I need?
How can I repair the chuck on my cordless drill?
Did I break my door lock by locking it from the inside before exiting?
How to change a bath plug chain?
What should I do with an old thermostat?
How can I find replacement parts for an unknown faucet?
What are these items?
How can I fix this entry door light?
How can I fix a shower door that doesn't seal?
Did I install the wrong bulb, or is there a problem with my oven?
Furnace keeps resetting
How do I ensure my first row of hardwood flooring is straight?
What could be causing my gas furnace to make a loud noise?
How can I repair this damage to the walls in my garage?
White Mortar-like material oozing out of Chimney's brickwork (pictured)
How do I update two 2-wire switches housed in a single box? Both switches are combination switch and PILOT light
Floor filler cracking out
"Walk/Don't Walk" street sign wired into bathroom light
Using Outdoor pavers stone for fireplace
What is the minimum distance wiring must be behind a tile backsplash?
Need help with repairing a door
How do I install a cabinet door underneath a breakfast bar?
How do I replace a missing exterior wood shingle?
Is it possible to remove and replace base molding, and not have to repaint the wall?
How do I make sure I get a replacement toilet tank that fits the bowl?
Why don't my CFL bulbs stay on in my ceiling light fixtures?
What is the easiest way to install 4" recessed lights in 6" holes?
How long should I let my window dry out before caulking?
New Fan Switch Grounding Cable issues
Is my circuit breaker tripping because the supply line for my disposal is wet?
What size pipe to use when hooking up 2 dryers
Why is my bathroom drain stinky even after being cleaned out?
How do I keep this polyurethaned oak floor in good condition?
A screw driver tip that won't hurt painted screws?
My light switch make a loud noise when used slowly; does it need to be replaced / fixed?
duplex outlet relay
kitchen sink plumbing hook up
Can I use EP 80W/90 oil instead of EP90 oil in a Belle MiniMix 150 gearbox?
Where to locate moisture barrier in engineered hardwood floor sandwich placed over insulation board?
How to fix over-tightened metal drywall anchor?
Hot water running out, already replaced both heating elements and both thermostats
Can I add a retaining wall to the base of the existing face?
How can I hang ceramic art on drywall?
How to prepare for a home service call from my DSL provider?
Do power outlet splitters decrease power for each deviced connected to them?
Do I need to do anything at the base to support deck steps?
Can I reduce capacity of a water heater?
What should I do about putty that fell in the toilet opening?
how do I install a GFCI with two hot wires as well with 3 black and 3 white wires
How can I determine if there is any damage to the conductors of a circuit?
How to determine gas leak on a water heater?
What type of tool is an "extension"?
Metering gas used for heating water in a multi-dwell building with one boiler
How do I change out the light bulb in this fixture?
Does thining wood filler make it crack when drying?
Can I put a 75 watt equivalent led bulb in a fixture that says 60 watts max?
How do I make channels in plaster for electric lines?
Why use drywall tape when you can just mud over the crack?
Interior wall installation over hardwood finished floor?
Superglues for higher heat applications?
How Many Amps Is this breaker?
How do I repair nail holes in cement board?
Why does hot water come from the faucet when only the cold water tap is on?
Why isn't my new toilet flushing system working as well as the old one?
Are there any advantages to using s-clips for attaching a table top instead of a right angle bracket?
CCTV connection to OTA feeding multiple TV sets
What is the correct way to read a gas meter?
What to do about toilet overflow tube higher than allowed level on new fill valve?
How can I rehabilitate the grout in my tile floor?
Need help running and connecting a 'C' wire to my new thermostat
How can I tell where water is leaking from?
Attic Venting of Knee Wall in Cape Cod
Can I use SCH 40 for buried and above ground feeder wire?
What could cause my Kitchen tile flooring to come loose and start lifting?
What's the part of a lampshade that the finial screws into called?
Dresser drawers getting stuck
Shellac, Texture, and Smoke Damage
What is this pipe - should I be worried?
How to force installation of standard-width blinds for window with nonstandard dimensions?
How to get my exterior door to close when the interior door is also shut? Air pressure problem.
Partially frozen sewer line
How to properly install tongue and groove plywood subfloor?
Why am I getting 60V between the leads of my dryer and the ground?
How can we repair cracked and broken concrete around a sewer stack in the basement floor?
Does this ceiling joist layout look structurally sound?
Is frost at the far edges of my attic a concern?
How can I access pipes in my cement shower in an old home?
What do I need to do to split a washing machine hookup to allow adding a dishwasher?
How to repair a microwave door with a broken spot weld
Questions About Home Water Filter
Meaning of Screen size in Inch
What type of wire should I use to feed a 70 ampere subpanel?
Do I have to provide better support when hanging a range hood from soffit framing?
What to do first in a house with poor thermal performance and high energy bills
Should snakes be used on toilets?
Why is my hot water circulator causing there to be hot water in hot and cold pipes?
Can I use a pump to discharge kitchen sink waste water, rather than digging up the concrete?
Painting on drywall that has been stripped of wallpaper?
Matching new oak floor planks to old planks
How to keep my sink from coming loose?
How can I locate and repair a break in a circuit?
How to fix or replace the arrow key of a laptop keyboard?
Is tile primer suitable for plastering in bathroom?
How can I remove laminate flooring from an oddly shaped hallway without destroying it?
How can I protect a heat pump from heavy snow?
Does embedding rebars along the face provide tensile strength to a load-bearing wall?
How can I prevent my furnace exhaust pipe from freezing?
How much gravel to remove to plant grass?
Can I demolish in a home with asbestos while tenants are living there?
Can I put the burner head in the oven during self cleaning?
Dishwasher pump is crackling [video]; is it obstructed or does it need to be replaced?
Plugging large hole in bathroom floor
How can I safely remove snow from my roof?
How to deal with seasonal expansion and contraction of wood indoors?
Why is the neutral wire the same size as hot wire in a 3C cable?
Computing force over a range
Is it okay to have a dryer vent in the wall cavity?
How can I determine what size main water meter is required?
How can I prevent a wooden bed frame from creaking?
Questions about residential water pressure booster
Do I need an 100A or a 200A current transformer to measure total current draw at my home?
Proper way to install double-layer of subfloor?
Can hydrochloric acid vapors corrode nearby metal items?
Reduced flow from bathroom faucet but not anywhere else
Door newly out of plane - just winter weather or bad framing?
Replacing the wiring to a socket in a home?
What do I need to do to replace this shower faucet handle?
Minimum drop on washer drain?
curious affect of led lamps
Two Water Heaters - One off affecting the other?
Why is my new kitchen faucet banging?
How to (portably) mount warped plywood artwork on apartment drywall?
Why does lint come into our bathroom when the dryer is running
Would connecting the downpipe to a gas boiler inlet save energy?
Installing tile over hardiboard
Why does my Thermo Pride oil furnace need constant restarts?
What is this moulding?
Can a condo interior room walls have steel studs that are paper thin?
Why did my third coat of polyurethane finish "buckle"?
Could bad grounding cause sparks and fire when connecting the cable box and TV?
Can I connect a stabilizer to an inverter?
How would I go about wiring a new light fixture where there are more wires than expected?
Can I shut off the cold water supply to an oil furnace while away on vacation?
Do I use a wooden frame for a basement hopper window?
What is the maximum distance a trap can be installed from a shower drain?
How to reduce noise from trash chute door closing?
Termite damage? Coming through drywall
How can I get my new closet door rollers to roll?
Questions after a test-run grout replacement
How can I connect my LED strip lights?
How can I prepare this natural gas line so I can connect a grill?
What should be the maximum PSI on the cold water line while the water heater is heating?
What type of light bulb connector is this?
Is there a maximum thickness for shower float cement?
How to project basement level of humidity before building?
What materials and spacing should I use for ceiling joists/strapping in this conversion?
Can I attach a television mount using custom drilled holes?
Main outdoor breaker is ONLY 100 AMP but total of Breakers AMP on internal panel is 165 AMPs.
is it worth upgrading from 14 AWG to 12 AWG
What does it mean to "re-tank" toilet?
GFIC requirements for a Kitchen multi-outlet strip
Why is my kitchen so humid?
What's the key to sawing straight by hand?
How can I run cat6 from my basement to the second floor?
Replacing old thermostat with new wi-fi Honeywell
Do modern energy saving light bulbs class as "fluorescent lighting"?
None of the outlets in the kitchen are working
Do I need to ground my above ground pool / with saltwater system?
Can you extend rake edge on existing gable?
Painting pressure treated wood and particleboard inside a shed
For planning interior walls, should I get an architect or interior designer or someone else?
How can I remove a retaining wall made of vertical landscape timber?
What size breaker and wire do I need to run 2 GFCI receptacles and a flood light on exterior of my house?
Can I install 72W A19 halogen into a 60W-looking socket?
is my baseboard heating unit malfunctioning
Roof Flashing to Brick Wall: Leaks
Proper method to send wiring through the roof?
Can I add an exhaust fan to bathroom without exterior wall or roof access
options for new floor over concrete slab
Why won't primer adhere to my walls?
Attic vent with exposed rafter tails
Is it acceptable to splice a circuit in two opposite directions for outdoor recepts/lighting?
Can I cool 540 sq. ft. with a single A/C unit?
Will I have to install new cables when converting from a SD CCTV system to HD?
How can I thaw a frozen exterior drain quickly?
Questions about shower wall tile install
What could be causing a Bosch dishwasher to not heat the water?
What should I do about old cables that have been damaged?
Can I install a floodlight with 18AWG conductors on a 20A (12AWG) circuit?
Why did my newly applied paint run and not adhere to the wall?
Circuit split within panel
Should a timer switch 'reduce' load?
How do I seal a basement cinder block wall behind a shower?
should i remove trim before caulking window
Do I have to remove the thinset before re-installing new cermic tiles
How to wire telephones together as a intercom/party-line
Do I need to sand oil-based lacquer before painting?
Drywall over plaster with furring strips
Should I use oil primer underneath oil paint?
Energy efficient bulb takes a long time to get bright
Replacing drywall above boiler... to Code? Inspection?
When Laying Tongue and Groove plywood over 1x6 subfloor, do I lay it with the grain perpendicular to the floor joists or to the 1x6 boards underneath?
Does my crawl space need venting
Can I put a switch in after a GFCI and still have proper protection?
Am I going to die of Cancer from Asbestos if not handled correct? What more should I do?
Is it better to use two nuts, rather than a single long nut on the bolt?
Who should I contact to remove an old boiler from my basement?
Want to purchase electric range unassembled
How do I season wood on my own?
Why is there no hot water in the kitchen after flushing our water heater?
Can solar tubes be installed in an existing south Florida barrel style roof?
What does the panel release button do on this hinge?
Which kind of roof coating to use to treat low pitch mod bit roof?
why doesn't my washing machine spin when it's full of water?
Wifi Thermostat wiring
How can I repair a ground-fault?
How do I repair this laminate bubble?
How to clean tv plasma screen
Repairing area in exterior siding
Is the Zinsser BIN Shellac primer sandable?
Do TRIAC dimmers "wear out"?
Noise reduction for roof air condensers
What could happen if a 240 stove cord was improperly installed and then stove was plugged in to the receptacle?
Renovating Crawlspace with Poured Concrete Floor
How do I get all these wires up from the basement to the attic?
Does my vented septic tank even require traps and vents near the actual fixture connections?
Problems with oil furnace
How do I add a P-Trap to a copper drain?
How do I level a concrete basement floor with a 1" dip?
What are my vapor-barrier options under Hardie siding?
Can 2 - 6" flex ducts be combined into a single 8" rigid duct
Is the furnace undersized?
Will cutting PVC pipe with a miter saw dull the blade?
Help translate terminology relating to concrete floor construction
Help translate terminology relating to flat roof construction
How do I install recessed lights in a metal framed ceiling?
Is it allowable to have an electrical cable going into the attic through a soffit from outside?
Can I prevent bed bugs?
What type and thickness of glass to use for floor over stairs?
How can I repair the damage to this wood floor?
Is it okay to protect NM Cable in an unfinished basement with ENT?
Home Water Pressure
Re-seal trailer roof
air vent on downstairs bathroom but not upstairs
How to attach outlet box in soffit?
Add blown in insulation by hand
Water has quit running thru my humidifier.
How to seal new PVC to old Lead pipe "toilet bend"
How to adhere drywall to cinder block
What is the maximum weight loading from a drywall screw stud?
Clicking sound from water heater after flushing toilet?
How can I restore the color of my Trex deck after sanding?
Hampton Bay ceiling fan doesn't work properly with wall dimmer switch?
Why does the washing machine cause water hammer in the pipes in my bathroom?
How should the concrete anchoring some fenceposts relate to the driveway they're puncturing?
What are reasonable expectations about grout width accuracy in a professional tile installation?
At what temperature does a WiFi thermostat stop sending a signal to the router?
Could I safely use a dimmer switch on an air filter fan?
Paint is scraping and wiping off too easily
Is my Heat pump and gas furnace installation incorrect?
What should I do about a gap between a quartz countertop and backsplash?
Should I drill through the concrete garage wall to install a generator inlet switch inside?
How can I fuse galvanized sheet metal with a circular bottom together so that it is water tight?
Accidentally Touching One Lead Of A Multimeter While Other Is In Electrical Outlet
Is the thickness of glass tile important in pool installations? If so, would thicker be better?
Is it safe to use Extension Cord to Power PC/Routers on already used circuit?
No hot water when cold is turned on elsewhere
Freezing problem
Trouble removing vinyl tile and underlayment from wood flooring
can I extend my open loft?
How do I install fire blocking while finishing a basement?
Finding the cause of a tripping breaker
What is causing a two brand new fluorescent light to pulse?
Ligth Switch with 4 wires
How do I maintain a newly laid oiled floor?
Widening a garage door
With self drilling screw should I use a drill or a driver?
how can I clean a prefinished door?
What can be done about water running under my house?
Switching electric boiler off for months -- any precautions?
What is the proper procedure for replacing rusted toilet anchor bolts?
issues with dryer cord
What are these pins for that I keep finding in my steel cabinets?
How can I get my stuck sprinkler heads to go down after watering?
Add floor framing using joist hangers?
How to get rid of this shed?
Copper pipe identification using electrical current
Will running out of fuel oil damage my tank?
What is a "wet edge" and how do I maintain one?
What are the pros and cons of adding a vapor barrier behind shower backer board?
How can I repair fiberglass wallpaper with holes in it?
Can I install a receptacle outlet below a window?
Does HVAC lineset need to be grounded?
What would cause a Spur Switch light to go off when the device is turned on?
Leaking flat roof
12V DC LED Dimmer
Black Holes Appearing in Oak Floor
How do I reduce the moisture under an exterior wood deck?
How can I determine the fire rating of my entry door?
Can furring strips be installed diretly to a cinderblock wall not in a basement?
How should I wire RV hookups?
Can I use a dimmer on a fan IF I only use at 100%?
How can I dim landscape lights permanently?
Do I have to increase the water line diameter all the way to the water meter?
Why are there sheen differences between woods?
Why are some light switches giving shocks?
How to quickly add soap to counter soap dispenser?
What is a safe maximum amount to leave a window open?
Is this buzzing noise coming from various outlets around the house normal?
how to flush sediment out of my water pipes
How can I connect a sink, dishwasher, and laundry pump all to one drain?
Can I install laminate (Pergo) flooring over previous underlayment?
How do sound-dampening drywall clips affect the ability to hang objects on the wall?
Can I use a transformer to power a thermostat?
Trying to secure a 100lbs floor mirror so it doesn't tilt over. is it possible to do this without a stud?
How to determine what caused this crack on the wall?
Is this enough support for my countertop?
How to fix small holes/separation in caulk around bathtub?
How is this screw head called?
How do I know if my wood front door's finish is weather proof?
Boosting a dryer vent with an inline booster attached to the main line with a wye
Is turning off a power strip adequate?
Furace fuse blows when Aprilaire humdifier is turned on above 35%
Long screw that wont come out
What could be causing my three way switch to malfunction?
High pitched noise from Shower
What type of insulation can I use to insulate around my furnace exhaust?
Why does my furnace drip bucket fill up so frequently?
bubbly/cracked paint
What is the purpose of this piece of a toilet fill valve?
why does my heat pump wiring diagram show 7 wires going to the thermostat but the thermostat only says it needs 5?
How to keep an occupancy sensor triggered without motion?
How to check the type of installed insulated glazing
Is it okay to staple romex to a floor joist when running it perpendicular behind a finished basement ceiling?
Cheap solution for underside of barn overhang (soffit, siding, something else?)
How do I measure for replacement screws?
What the heck is this pipe?
What backer board should I use in shower ceiling?
Is it against code to splice wires inside of the load center?
wiring for wall sconces
Wooden gate over concrete
How much ventilation space does a refrigerator need?
How do I raise the humidity levels in my home?
some baseboard heaters not working while others are in same zone
What should I do about this unfinished corner?
When installing a stone fireplace, do I install the wood mantle first?
Why isn't my refrigerator getting cold?
Why is my washing machine making this sound?
Molten wire nuts on recessed MR16 halogen lights
What's the best way to shave off 1/8 of an inch from hardie board?
Dormers with ridge vents lower than main ridgeline
How do I extend a length of aluminum flex vent hose?
How can I change the bulbs in this light fixture?
What tool is used for this tight plumbing situation?
Which way does the air flow through my furnace?
Japanese Appliance has a Green/Yellow Ground Wire coming out of it, What should I do?
how do I attach a light object, a cup hook, flat washer or hex nut, to a steel lintel?
Is there a motion sensor light switch that does not need ground?
Side mounting (base attachment only) of glass railing panels to wooden house frame. Requirements?
Why is the finish coming off while sanding between coats of polyurethane on glazed cabinets?
What could have caused my GFCI to trip, and what can I do about it?
Graywater overflow plumbing… which design to choose?
Prevent future holes in PVC vent pipe in walls
Circuit breaker does not trip - but produces no voltage under load
Can I dig up next to my foundation to add height below my deck for storage?
CFL bulbs flash slightly even when turned off
How can I be sure I connected the electric power socket correctly?
Mold on Ceiling on Flat Paint
How do I stop lights from flashing when I turn on my table saw?
Can I let rainwater run along the wall?
What do you call a false ceiling dropped below a main ceiling used for indirect lighting?
What is the easiest way to replace an existing backsplash?
Prevent water seepage through concrete block foundation
What are the steps to cutting polyurethane?
How to replace office chair wheel?
Is there a way to get hot water without altering plumbing or electrical wiring too much?
L14-30 Plug & Generator
What to do with old air/light shaft?
Can you use Danish Oil after using linseed oil?
Backup sump pump discharge too big
How can I increase water pressure after installing dual-head shower?
What's better for fence posts - wood or metal tbar?
Soundproofing a room so sound doesn't go out as much
Fitting an ornate ceiling rose
Filling 1.5 inches wide gaps between newly fitted metal door frame surround and brick wall
Can I tile over Linoleum felt paper on a concrete slab?
How should a water heater drain pan be installed on a concrete slab floor?
Rebar cattle guard
How to join hardwood rows from two rooms at doorway?
What are the benefits of a Floating Vanity over a Vanity that is secured to the floor?
How can I build my own water aeration system for radon mitigation?
Make new walls match thickness of old walls
Wood slats for sound insulation
I cleaned the fridge and it still smells. What part should I clean / replace?
Methods for dampening condo floor noise?
How do I remove a lead stain from my windows?
Do freezing temperatures damage tung oil? Age?
Basement Bathroom Rough-In Configuration
Can a butcher block countertop be rounded with a router?
Air Compressor Quick Connect Coupler Won't Latch
How to fix gaps between flooring planks in mid-1800s house?
Paint a rusty hinge without sanding?
Should I be able to just peel tile off the wall by hand if it is installed right?
Sanitary plumbing elbows
Without Access to the Garage Interior, How Can I Replace the Handle/Lock?
How can I install a tub over this tub box?
NM-B insulation repair?
Please help establishing a C wire for new tstat
VOC and drying speed
When to use EPS instead of XPS (aka Styrodur [TM] and Styropor [TM]) for insulation?
how do you remove a stripped screw that holds the handle on outdoor faucet
How to remove block of concrete under old toilet
Is it safe to clear out a garbage disposal with a hand?
Is it safe to oil a lock?
Brand New 2 Stories House vibrates when it's windy
Light fixture buzzing sound
What is a proper high-quality sub-floor preparation for porcelain tile floor installation
Need help wiring switches with several wires
Calculating Tray ceiling dimensions
What screwdriver do I need for this 'star' shaped fitting?
How do I secure a one-armed toilet paper holder, which constantly slips off the mount?
US Toilets and clogging
Is it safe to fill in or insulate the space in my walls around my fireplace flum?
Quantitative measurement for sound dampening methods
Hot water heating system: Renew or replace?
How to fix leak in ABS pipe going into cement
Can a class A fire be extinguished with a class BC fire extinguisher?
Connection for range hood from 8" circular to 10"x3.5" rectangular
Why are my floor tiles cracked and how can I lay them again so they won't crack
Laying pavers over existing concrete patio and extending to compacted gravel base
Why should I repair/replace roof just because it's old?
laying hardwood floor in the basement over concrete and vinyl
Can i leave existing drywall alone when adding two small walls to a finished basement?
I have just reset furnace due to a trouble code, what should I monitor or re-do over the next few days?
How often should heat strip turn on for a heat pump unit?
Is it necessary or recommended to kerf baseboard?
How can I know the 'capacity' of an electric socket?
Leaky outdoor faucet when using spray nozzle
Baseboard lumber choices for staining
house cracking inside and out
How many lighting circuits are needed in the LED era...? (US - NEC)
Does the circuit providing a light at the electrical panel have to be ONLY for that light?
Suggestions for transparent material
How do I keep my house cool especially my terrace during summer?
Inside of Washing Machine smells horrible. How to fix?
How do I level a sloping floor that has been tiled?
Should I use an iron angle or an iron plate to support brick above window?
How to install thermostat with plug in heater?
How can I mark the damage on wood floors that are to be resurfaced?
pre hung doors to fit into old frame
Can I use Teflon tape to seal a flange?
connect 3 pair of speakers to receiver
Mold and pop-up drains
Permanent solution for cockroach problem
Is infrared blocking film effective in reducing temperature inside a room?
Can I use aluminum or plastic sheeting between decking and joists to waterproof under a deck?
Installing of Honeywell Wi-Fi Programmable Thermostat
old 230 volt transformer style arc welder on an old square d 125 amp panel
What should I use to fix chips in veneer plaster?
What should I use to patch curved surfaces over horse hair plastered lath?
Can I create a false ceiling using XPS board instead of gypsum board?
Stack Switch Problem in Bathroom
How to install a new window header that overlaps an old one
How do I repair this old door lock?
How deep should my sump be?
CertainTeed DiamondBack- Waterproofing needed for tile?
What can cause an A/C to freeze up
removal of subfloor for exterior wall
how to fit restrictor in toilet pan inlet
Is it OK to re-paint a gas-range grill with paint?
One of my breaker switches buzzes when I flip it on, should I replace it?
Should I replace my magnetron? Is there anything else upstream of the mode stirrer?
Nice looking on-wall wiring
How to remove dry water based urethane varnish from mirror?
craftsman shop vac motor stuck on reverse
Is it ok to sister a joist to burnt joist?
Is AC power really worth it anymore? Is it time (or almost time) to switch to DC?
GFCI to light not working
Do all garbage disposal units adhere to the same plumbing connection standards?
How can I install a furnace register in a kitchen-cabinet toe kick?
How do I connect braided under sink hose to 3/8 inch RO plastic tubing?
How to remove old plastic pool deck sleeves
Can I drill a 3 1/2" hole through 5 joists?
How to properly insulate bedroom
Electric Radiant heating Vs Hydronic - What can I get?
How do I change light bulb in flush mounted fixture?
Is it worth it to replace the stock blade of a miter saw?
Hinges have come loose from particle-board cupboard
Is it possible to remove fluoride from drinking water?
Do I need to get an engineer for badly poured conctrete basement floor?
How do I troubleshoot a Kenmore HE washer with an f-21 error?
How can I mount K-728 diverter valve without any clearance behind it?
what do you call a female single socket extension-style plug?
When the heating system plumbing can't be installed inside the wall?
Replacing recessed lights with pendant lights
How can I fix a leaking expansion tank?
Dryer exhaust from 2nd floor through crawl space, out roof
GFCI combination switch and outlet to fully switched protected outlet
Why is smoke entering my home through the fireplace?
How to SLIGHTLY widen bored hole in 2x6
What style notched trowel should I use to lay 6"x24" ceramic on a shower wall?
Framing long walls - Lots of 8' sections or should I use longer top plates
What type of hose do I need to replace a pull out faucet?
How do I add window stools to my new windows?
Framing interior non-bearing wall with 24" on center for sound proofing
How can I contain epoxy while it sets up?
Risks of buying vacant lot for new home construction with existing but unused septic system?
Do I need a special receptacle when more than the standard number of wires need to be connected?
Can I use my bathtub or shower during tiling project
Will the shiny and scratched appearance after sanding between coats go away after applying another coat of polyurethane?
How do I remove Cement Board that has been screwed in and is bonded to wood subfloor with thinset?
I have paint over unsanded drywall compound. What is the best way to fix it?
When wiring a wall plug is the common wire white or black?
Can I replace 3-way switches with 4-way switches?
Back door frame no longer square
Repairing a circuit when the break is unknown and inaccesible.
Can these locks be rekeyed to the same key?
Turning a mobile home with a basement into a recording studio
30amp dryer on a 50amp breaker?
Is it acceptable to paint kitchen walls in alkyd?
T&P valve draining - expansion tank issues?
How do I remove a pole that's rusted into a sleeve in the ground?
How to fix a double door that has shifted during the winter
Can I have two pressure tanks on my system?
What are these wires I found in my yard?
What type of bolt should I use to maintain a movable joint?
Plumbing alteration has created vacuum in upstairs toilets
How thick should should wood be to hold 160 to 180 pounds over a four-foot span?
What can I do if the sink tailpiece is too close to the wall?
Is it safe to store an extension cord outside under a carport?
Is it safe to put insulation next to knob & tube wiring?
Which thermal circuit breaker should I buy?
PVC pipe cutter not working properly
Why aren't my PIR security lights working through my window?
Adding a C wire to a new Honeywell WIfi Thermostat
AFCI keeps tripping after power outage
I want to install the tub below with surround. How can I install the surround on only two walls leaving the end open?
How do I remove this old bathroom exhaust fan?
How to remove turn-style tub overflow cover?
window sash lock broken
How to prevent outdoor wall touching concrete fom getting moisture issues?
how to fix rotten exterior wall
Removing Yellow Bleach stain from laminate counter
Outdoor HD ip camera - what do I need to take into consideration?
replacing 20 amp breaker which is the test breaker
How to calculate size of electrical service?
Is it really energy economy to use movement sensor for turn lights on?
How to remove dresser drawers
How do I get my recessed light fixture flush?
Can I get 3 double pole breakers in my circuit breaker?
Need to hang mirror, AC detected from stud finder
Cinder Blocks crumbling
How can I build a two-legged table?
LED Bulb Blinks on One Setting
How can I find the square footage of an irregular driveway?
Is insulation blockinng airflow of my vented soffit?
What would cause excess CO2 in cellar
How to choose from options from house painting company?
what if I used sour paint on my walls?
Worth it to add footing insulation if there's already a thermal break?
What are my insulation options around a shower?
Hooks for floating shelves
Will a spike protector work in reverse?
Best Technique to Achieve Perfect Cut-Outs in a 2x4
What tool should I use to remove a screw from cramped spaces?
how do I build a 7 to 9 inch high water dam?
How to get experience handling power outlets without electrocution?
Painting Prefinished baseboard
Copper tubing for refrigerator
How can I repair a towel bar with one end ripped out of the wall?
What is 'hardware cloth' sold as in the UK?
What could cause two of my receptacles to stop working?
How do I even out a pair of bookcases on an uneven floor?
Previous owner filled in fireplace shelves with incorrect brick. Can I chisel them out?
Why do I have multiple voltages, power spikes, and other issues with my electric service?
Basement subfloor using p.t. sleepers and plywood?
Can my garage ceiling handle this much weight?
I need some type of ceiling in the downstairs bathroom that will allow me access to the pipes.
Electrical turning off on its own
kitchen falcet over pressurized when you turn on
Single phase vs three phase commercial air-conditioning
Removing a cast iron tub
How to keep pine needles out of a gutter?
Is it OK to liquid nail drywall in a hard-to-reach corner?
How do you remove a wire from a push-in fitting when there is no release opening?
How to identify the type of plastic
What adhesive would mate PLA and PVC?
How to and how much to clean the HEPA filter?
How can I safely cut the cable on a broken garage door?
Do I need builders risk insurance for a kitchen remodel
How to clean settled grease from kitchen cabinets?
Is it ok by code to enclose a residentail breaker box in a finished basement as long as there is an access door and what are the requirements?
Home made powered foundation vents? Computer fans and solar power?
How to wire light with a switch in the middle of a circuit
What's the best way to seal unused flue?
What type of paint to recoat a ceramic tile hearth?
What type of pen do I need for my rabbit?
Cutting back a carpet edge.
What do you call a widget that holds the side of a curtain against a wall?
How can I create an "invisible" transition between different flooring types?
circuit breaker issue
Will an old oak tree close to my house cause problems?
How does one upgrade garage electrical from an In-House main?
Washing Machine Not filling
What happens if XPS is an inch away from basement walls?
What is wrong with my recessed light wiring?
Lighting wiring to LED driver too bulky to fit into driver
Running computers in basement storage room safely
Garage Sensors Work Separately but Not Together?
Raise concrete floor with carpet to same height as adjoining floor
Raising porch floor to accommodate plumbing and keep first floor all one level
Disable the timer on an exhaust ventilator
How do I run ethernet and speaker cabling in 2 story home?
What is the relative importance of cut-retardant safety gloves when using a chainsaw?
Fencing yard and then cementing Area - What to do first?
Is there a special type of screw to hang a light fixture onto the ceiling?
How to remove silicone caulk from a shower wall?
What can/should be done to mitigate asbestos danger after a disturbance?
Should I refinish hardwood floor with scratches?
How can I protect hardwood floors from a deep freezer defrosting?
Can I build an anti-fatigue standing mat myself?
Enermax Pro87+ Gold 500W adapter?
How can I check for drywall behind wood panelling?
What is the best way to fill finishing nail holes on door and floor trim?
Repair tub liner with water trapped beneath
Can I paint a deck when wet weather is forecasted?
Bath tub spout rough in
Is there a quick cure for refrigerator drip tray stink?
Why are my fluorescent lights not working sometimes?
Do I really need garage door tune ups?
5 ampere to 15 ampere
How can I fix my window frame so that the window doesn't drop down?
What kind of screws are used for the door knob of an interior door?
How do I properly frame an opening to angle a through-wall air conditioner?
Is it common to caulk around the edges of vinyl tile instead of going underneath wood paneling?
Is it stupid to replace redwood siding with Hardi board or LP SmartSide?
Can I replace a floor joist cross-brace with two horizontal pieces of blocking in the same spot?
Toilet started wobbling
2-part door for raised patio (horizontal and vertical) with tiles possible?
Preserving cracked concrete
What should I use to repair plaster in a bathroom?
Where do I run neutral from/to when replacing a SPST switch with one that requires neutral?
How do I fix a leaking connector between my garden hose and faucet?
Must NM cables around panels in unfinished basements be protected?
Can this sheetrock be repaired or does it need to be replaced?
IKEA table problem
Can forced central air be retrofitted with central humdifier?
Using 1" black iron pipe as a hydronic radiator, how many feet of pipe would I need to heat a 500ft^3 room?
Can white pine be stained to match yellow pine that has been sanded and sealed?
Heat pump vs gas efficiency and comfort
How can I remove a dead bolt?
How do I fix bare spots on my table after applying polyurethane?
How can I wire this ceiling light correctly?
Can armored bx cable come into contact with other metal objects?
How do I patch a large hole in plaster and lath?
How to prevent pressure from dropping from my water heater?
How can we measure the air quality index of our room?
What is this implement called and where can I get one?
How would I replace this wall?
Vent below window
What do I need to do if the neutral bar is live in the panel box?
Are wall air vents a potential problem?
220v Grid Tie Inverter
How do I recharge this pressure pump?
What could cause all the breakers on the left side of my panel box to trip?
How to get rid of moisture in hardwood flooring?
How can I repair a float valve that is blocked open?
Looking for termites when thinking about buying a house
Is there an electrical problem if my voltage/metal detector alerts for the whole wall?
How to maintain temp for always cold office in finished Basement
Replacing water heater gas control valve
How do I repair this damage to my driveway?
How to deal with Carpenter Bees boring into my front porch?
How do I replace foam seal on clothes dryer?
Free standing shed with single plane roof
Why isn't the hot water in my shower hot enough?
AFCI & GFCI nuisance tripping
What can I do about flooring height differences when installing laminate flooring?
What do I need to do to have the 240v system activate an indicator light only when the pump is activated?
Advice needed on staining 10 year old fence
How to wire a ceiling rose?
Using a second thermostat to balance temperatures thru fan-only control
How can I replace the seat on my wall-mounted toilet
How can I secure a shed with a skid foundation in a windy location?
Should I use conduit for a less than 10' run of 6/3 THHN in my garage
Should I install insulation between the rim joist and the top of foam insulation?
Where to connect c wire at furnace for Honeywell Wi-FI thermostat
Alternatives to adjusting strikeplate height?
Sticky door when opening, sounds like sticky paint
Identifying an unknown and intermittent source of electric power usage
How can I figure out why my electric bill is so high?
why did our fridge stop working?
Speaker veneer challenge (wood repair)
How can I repair my hammer drill?
What's the point of a thin (1/4" width) piece of wood set diagonally between two studs?
Are these termites?
Our water heater blew a leak. What should I do now?
What is the proper way to install a junction box above a dropped ceiling?
gas furnace pilot light is lit,,won't produce heat, making a clicking sound,,,
2 parallel drain pipes
Leave the water heater on?
How much maintenance should I budget for a historic home?
How can I patch a rotting wood door?
Can vent plumbing be behind a double wye?
Refrigerator won't cool
Is it ok to re-slope one of my gutters to another gutter?
What can I do about softened polyurethane finish?
Did I properly grade the ground around my house?
3 wire service to panel... neutral and ground wires on the same bar?
Hanging up blackboard adhesive over a rough textured wall
How to fit 4" rigid aluminum duct vent in between walls when there is an angle brace?
Can I move this drain line from the wall to the floor?
Is it possible to use add-a-wire with my current configuration to add a C-Wire?
New Central Air Install: choosing single-stage vs dual-stage condensers
GE model numbers
Found hole with water under house
How can I meet the height requirements for a door in a basement with a low ceiling?
What are the differences between these types of small-dimension lumber?
Proper order of operations for re-doing windows, stucco, and footing insulation
Is there a more rugged finish than Polyurethane for a heavy use table?
Can unused mortar that freezes be used?
How to make table legs from wooden planks?
How can I fix this gap in my kitchen counter?
What are the consequences of incorrect positioning of air separator (and swapped return/flow) in solar heating system?
Should the cement floor adheres to the concrete slab?
Rebuilding a pool pump... where does this part go?
How to remove Paint buildup where I removed chair rail on an orange peel wall
what size wood to use for garage loft
Power cycle needed for garage door to work
Why is my toilet backing up and bubbling after replacing an ejector pump?
What's the true longevity of exposed fastener metal roofs?
Do I really have to cut my wood flooring to a 1 inch width?
Can I glue a second layer of drywall?
How do I wire a door bell?
How do I cut 1968 cast iron rough sewage pipe?
What is the weight limit on pergo flooring?
Is there any way to predict foundation problems?
Replacement part for glass balcony door
Do I install my green board before I install my shower pan?
I have 2 single slots (left & right) at bottom of panel but using 12/3 wire for two separate runs
Facade entrance damage
Cheaper to use 8" electic stovetop coil or 6" coil?
How to replace existing ethernet wiring in the house?
Do brass ball valves have to be oriented with the flow of water?
Should I install a floor drain in my laundry room?
How much clearance is needed on a gas fireplace?
Electrical tester says its hot but nothing is working
Can a concrete block be split the same way you cut stone?
Cracks in basement cement that seem to leak more when water is running?
Can I increase the length of LED RGB 5050 tape?
What do I need to know when buying fuse for 3-pin plug?
What is the optimal configuration of a cross brace on a wooden gate?
What considerations do I need when wiring a string of light bulbs in parallel?
What are the downsides to paving a dirt crawlspace with cement?
Does electrical wires on exterior need to be in conduit?
Sprinkler system in indoor arena
Cover carport framing
What to do about different rooms in the house being a completely different temperature?
Fix a copper pipe leak
Adding insulation to exterior wall; remove stucco cladding, or add on top of it?
Should I remove existing drywall before framing a wall around HVAC ducts?
Why is water from the dispenser slow after replacing the water filter on my refrigerator?
How to properly ground a subpanel in detached building?
How do I determine the fill rating of a conduit?
How to determine what type and gauge of wire should used for underground wiring to a detached subpanel?
Is a plywood backer required for all breaker panels?
How can I get a 60 Hz refrigerator to work on a 50 Hz system?
Is it worth it to replace hollow-core interior doors with solid core doors?
Quieting cold air return vent
Newly installed water heater with faint gas smell
How do I add support blocking for a floating sink (when the wall framing is metal studs)?
What can I fill a trench around my house with to avoid creating a drainage issue?
What could cause my oven to trip at a certain temperature?
How do I restore this deck?
Is there anything I can use to remove gorilla glue from hardwood?
1" x 2" Furring Strips for Drywall Ceiling
Does big current draw make GFCI outlets go bad?
Light won't turn off
Replacing an outdoor junction box - need some help
Is this a clog, or poor plumbing?
What factors are important when selecting a rotary tool?
Apartment on the top floor gets very hot - cheap, eco friendly ways to keep the place cool?
Adding a two-way circuit to a three-way circuit
How do I install a fan when the electrical box has 2 white and 2 black and 2 ground wires?
How can I remove this tile window stool without compromising the installation of the vinyl window?
How do I seal a leak from my overhead tank filled with water without draining the tank?
Resources for designing new HVAC
Replacing Exterior Back Door
How to solve a miswiring of neutral and ground
Would an Elmer's wood filler color match a Minwax wood finish color?
Is this likely to be asbestos in the ceiling above my bathroom?
outlet bypass for multimeter
Bathroom fan intake location
What is causing my kitchen drain to back up into my dishwasher?
Converting two-vent fireplace insert into one-vent: how much combustion air access does it need?
How can I figure out which valves should be open?
Best way to attach MDF Casing to
Edge considerations on mosaic staircase
How can I match the wall color after dent fixing?
Gas hob without burner cover
Attaching a ledger board - only partial rim joist
What should I do about shingles that are stuck to the sheathing?
crawlspace insulation
Should my furnace closet have this huge duct opening into the unconditioned vented attic?
Electric pump motor wiring
Why is foam coming out of the kitchen drain while washing dishes?
How to remove nails from 6 x 8 lumber
What features do I need in a stud finder for use on plaster walls?
Reusing screw holes in lumber
How can I extend a surge protector's cable?
Why do I have no power in two rooms after plugging something in?
How can I protect the soleplate when framing basement walls?
What's the best way to remove Sharpie ink from a varnished bar top?
How long does it take to charge a Mastercraft 7.2V cordless drill?
How can I connect this washing machine outlet to the drain?
How can I reduce the noise from an HE boiler vent?
What is the best way to drive the hard-cut nail into wooden baseboards to prevent splitting?
What could cause washing machine drum to bang against housing during spin cycle after a repair?
How do I remove a brass pipe that has been jammed into a larger iron pipe?
How do I wire a switched outlet with the switch downstream?
Can I change my standard thermostat to a Wifi one?
How can I bend skirting for a bay window?
What is the junction that connects conduit to a structure called?
Would a chunky mantel allow me to mount my TV above a wood burner?
What is this part of the heating system, and how can I stop it from leaking?
Is it against code to create a NM-B to THHN junction inside a conduit body?
How can I create an air tight seal around pipes?
Hooking up a 50A hot tub breaker to a 60A subpanel
Treating a crack in a concrete patio before resurfacing
How can I repair this sewer cap?
How to use fiber optics to illuminate glass tiles?
How can I safely put a plug on an old furnace motor that has just two wires
What do the "N" and "T" labels mean on junction box cable clamps?
How can I control this electronic door release with an Arduino?
Cracks in asphalt driveway
How can I repair damaged gloss of hardwood floor due to spilled scented oil?
removing old bolts from brick wall
How to make door not latch
811 just marked my utilities, can I mow my lawn?
Laminate floor sliding out of place
Leviton Wallplate does not fit standard electrical box
How can I reduce street noise behind my house?
What causes uneven floors and can they be fixed?
How do I add a socket to a fused alarm spur?
What would cause mortar to have a patchy finish?
How to properly fix dry wall tearing away
Using wood filler on garden furniture
Can I run NM wire and put an electrical box in the same wall stud cavity as a metal HVAC supply duct
Power Strip/Extension Cord on TV stand
Hang 3 flat-screen monitors from a tilted wooden beam
Would painting the underside of plywood serve as a vapor barrier to protect the plywood from absorbing moisture?
How do you hang something on sheetrock if you have metal wall studs?
How do I remove a ceiling speaker cover?
How to fill crack in marble shower sill
Problem with service drop
Why would a light switch be wired with the neutral wire?
how can I make a HSS blade thinner?
Is it OK to leave an in-ground sprinkler "winterized" all summer?
Can a second floor exterior egress stairway go past a window on first floor on way down?
Solid stain on untreated exterior wood
Choosing a power supply, breaker amperage and wire size for a 220V welder
What are the possible reasons I am not getting cold air from my air conditioner?
Can I use this drain in wood subfloor?
How to get a straight line when painting wall with fillet to ceiling
Wall load bearing or not?
Wood Working in Basement with Furnace
Exterior puddle at foundation
How many square foot of coverage per bag of mortar when repointing brick?
Federal Pacific / Stab-Lok Breakers
Why are both exterior and interior walls constructed of concrete block in my home?
Should I install bracing behind drywall for upper cabinets?
Wiring a switch to an outlet to control Garbage disposal
What is the easiest way to measure an irregular floor space?
What kind of damp do we have?
how should I prime my old walls?
Closing refrigerator's door causes freezer's door to stay open
How to remove bathtub faucet cartridge?
Why lamp is not working correctly?
What is the right way/tool to remove this tile and thinset from a concrete slab?
How to better isolate a floor with carpet?
Should I use self leveling concrete to repair settlement cracked concrete slabs?
How do you wire multiple outlets between three way switches?
What are these two drains for?
Increase airflow central air
HoneyWell Wifi Thermostat and C wire
How can I unscrew my outdoor hose that is fused to the spigot?
GFCI connection and trip
How to build plastic prototype?
Do I need to install a sump pump?
Insulate garage ceiling
What's the risk of water/rain falling on a recently placed tilework that's not grouted yet
How do I drill through a shaped tube with a handheld drill?
Tracing elctrical outlets that suddenly stopped working.
How do I reduce noise from the bolt hitting the strike plate on a door with an automatic closer?
Screen Door Replace
How do I fix sagging sofa back and seat cushions on a leather couch?
On demand water heater using a propane tank
Will silicone spray lubricant cause bare dry wood to swell?
A ground rod where a drain needs to go
Why are furnace/central AC blowers so inefficient?
Are buried footings required for a shed or other structure to withstand 90mph winds?
Grouting travertine tiles: grout bag or float?
Wired vs Battery Impact Wrench
mesh net to help keep crawlspace insulation from sagging
How can I repair vinyl siding
How to protect against shock from exposed romex?
Which way do you run hardwood flooring to make the room look bigger?
Can I remove this truss cross-bracing?
How can I get this pump casing off the motor?
How can I stop my shower doors from hitting one another and making an awful noise?
How to saw inground lumber
How can I cut aluminum angle stock without damaging my tools?
Possible to flatten warped wood?
Why is one light staying on when the switch is off?
Can you touch up epoxy garage floor paint?
Can I plug my E27 bulb directly into my wall socket
Fixing a hole in the wall
Add new outlet in pantry to one of the two existing 20 amp small appliance branch circuits
Can using two hoses deliver more water?
Replacement thermostat wiring
One plank of my PVC privacy fence came loose at the top.
How would I replace 4 posts and beam holding my covered patio with 2 posts?
Why is my sewer drain line suddenly having frequent blockages?
How does my geothermal heat pump heat my hot water tank/UV filter and softner
Bulb size of a SYLVANIA CF13EL?
ceiling fan rotate slowly in my bedroom only
Can't select some temperatures with the thermostat of my furnace
One GFCI outlet to protect them all
Blinds vs Curtains
Is it OK to paint MDF only with primer?
How can I connect a T568 cable to a 4p4c jack?
Leaving a hot wire in the wall or ceiling
Oven Door allows too much heat to escape?
How well does masonry blocks used in European home construction insulate compared to a well insulated American (wood) wall?
Why don't American homes have blinds on the outside of their windows?
How do I patch an in-ground ceramic drain pipe?
Changing straight staircase to a turned stair with half landing, is this the Only solution to stairs cutting loft in half?
Mosaic installation: thinset excess spilling between the gaps
Air sealing a whole house fan
What ceiling/wall lamps fit these ports
Should I replace the neutral wire that I accidentally cut in a Romex cable when installing a new outlet?
I have a broken Rainbird APAS-100 valve, how can I fix it?
Acceptable to install whole-house evaporative cooler with only a single supply vent?
How can I remove this bathtub drain?
Do I use dirt or gravel to fill around a cement form for a fence post?
Where can I find a key for my old locks?
How can I identify the conductors in an appliance cord with only the green wire colored?
How would I go about leveling a sagging floor?
Light bulb dimensions
Is it allowed to have a small hole bored in a joist in the area where it is bearing on a beam or joist hanger
Is there a recommended distance between fasteners on sole plates?
What is causing the last two heads in a sprinkler/irrigation system to have no water pressure?
How to drill a minute hole on a wooden pendant without a drill?
How can I bend wire that is too thick to manage easily?
How long should I run my pool filter per day?
How do I insulate a strip foundation from below?
Why does my oil-furnace's on-demand water heater go tepid and then return to full heat?
How close is too close, when digging below foundation level?
Adding a ceiling fan single switch in a box with 3 way switch in older house
Repairing cracked fiberglass pool steps
How to increase height of existing concrete slab?
Worth it to just clear coat a marginally beat-up wood floor?
Is it possible to use my window A/C unit without actually installing it in the wall?
How can I put an IKEA "Expedit" shelf 75 cm above the floor?
What could be causing my lawn mower to surge?
How can I find where the dryer vent is broken or clogged?
The best kind of tiles for using on floor and walls
GFCI outlet hot when nothing's plugged into it
How do I install a 1st floor bathroom fan?
What kind of thermometer do I use to check dryer temperature? Can same one be used to check stove temperature?
Whirlpool leaves clothes damp at end of spin cycle
Is drywall replacement necessary where a bulkhead was removed?
Can a retaining wall follow a slope?
What is the maximum 12/2 wire length from a 20A breaker to a baseboard heater?
What is this velcro-like product?
Is rigid foam on rim board in basement worth doing if walls aren't insulated?
How to control a dimmable LED light?
How to attach ledger board to under-roof siding?
How would I wire a 4 position switch?
Key card door lock?
Are these joists deep enough for the joist spacing / beam spacing I am planning on my deck?
How can I avoid excessive junk on inside junction, when cementing PVC sprinkler pipe?
Why is there tar leaking into my attic?
How to find the source of a wasp infestation?
Any advantages on making paver stones vs laying a cement bed and cutting the joints?
Is 20 feet too long to run bathroom fan duct for 100cfm fan?
What could be causing my electric hob to leak voltage?
Why is cracked bath tile a problem?
daisy chain more outlets; wiring
romex - drywall over plywood
What would cause the mortar to crack across a number of bricks?
How to flatten the sagging OSB subfloor?
Does lowering the regulator setting of fan minimize electricity usage
Is there any code for running Ethernet cable (through attics)?
How do I correct free-standing deck moving away from home?
Putty around a new kitchen sink drain
How many times should I cut in?
Problem Using Wall Anchors for Curtain Rod
How can I power a three phase AC motor with only 2 phases?
What's the difference between three phase 240 V and standard household 240 V?
What are these droppings/dirt clods/mold clumps?
Advice on removing brick fireplace and gas fireplace
laying a brick patio in extreme temperature setting
Who do I call, roofer or plumber?
what is the brown foam and sludge in my water softener brine tank?
Enamel Canned Spray Paint on interior trim?
What is the maximum depth below grade for termite activity?
Closet dome light, is the tinfoil necessary?
How could a power drill trigger switch be damaged when used continuously in variable speed range?
What could cause my recessed light to not work?
Can I swap the positions of the toilet and bath tub?
How to calculate what wattage transformer to use for LED light strip
Do I need to caulk the walls and around tub of my shower all at the same time?
Hardwood floors cupping even after replacement
Can sheetrock be put in for fire barrier over existing ductwork and plumbing in drive under garage?
Altering The Depth of a Kitchen Cabinet
What is the standard height of a frameless shower door handle?
What could cause my water to taste metallic after a water filter cartridge was changed?
Can I wire a Bathroom Fan to two Switches in Parallel?
What type of asbestos is this?
Why can't I get hot water quickly at my vanity sink?
How can I wire a GFCI combo switch so that the switch controls the receptacle?
How much do I lose on Dremel power from a flex shaft
Is it code-compliant to attach a patio to the roof like this?
How do I prep and plaster a bowed wall before tiling?
What is the NEC-compliant way to add a conduit in this configuration?
What is the process for using a mold to make a concrete patio?
Have these cuts for a gas line structurally compromised my studs?
Dealing with inaccessible carcass under pier and beam house
Can sump pump drain pipes be installed without breaking concrete?
How should I finish the area around the gas line for my range?
Should I replace a receptacle with a small burn mark?
Can I repair this crack in my sprinkler backflow preventer?
How to remove wires from doorbell
Should I expect a level ceiling when my kitchen was completely gutted?
Where do I attach the earth conductor on a plastic fixture?
How should I fill in a trench left by replacement of a sewer pipe?
Filling deep gaps at corners of maple flooring
How do I remove this exterior Water Valve cap?
Will standing topped off tree trunks work for holding up a building structure?
Is this vertical gap in the concrete block foundation something to worry about?
How well does a single A\C unit provide 2 zone cooling?
How to shape this metal?
Can I use THHN/THWN-2 within a lamp post?
What is the best way to run underground electrical and low voltage in the same trench?
How do I make a dog-leg corners in aluminium framing for fly-screens?
How can I find a replacement screw/bolt?
What is the best way to install speakers to interior/exterior of house?
How can I cut the tiles outside of the cabinet?
What could be causing our air conditioner circuit breaker to keep tripping?
Why does my electric range lack fine temperature control?
Underground Electrical Outlet
Are two circuits allowed to have a common neutral?
What Type of PVC pipe is required for a septic tank inlet?
ornamental security light
Can I properly install Roxul mineral wool batts in a mostly-drywalled stud bay by pushing them up from below?
Would a radiant barrier help stop this heat transfer?
How do I properly feed coax through an outside wall?
Shaving floor joist
How can I strengthen the floor above a crawl space in pier and beam construction?
What is the best adhesive to use for attaching nylon webbing to acrylic?
How to cut a piece of 2x3 wood crossways perfectly?
How to identify the purpose of this switch?
How to repair rust damage on my kitchen sink (pictures included)
Which way should an internal star lock washer go?
How does water supply enter into a pedestal house in cold climates?
Screw Size Unit Conversion
How can I remove stubborn nails from baseboard?
Second floor leveling question
Removing Sand from blacktop
Is a push-fit end cap a temporary or permanent solution?
Can I run heat tape on my water pipe behind drywall without hardwiring?
How can I secure NM cable in a tight spot?
Will a single ductless mini-split heat pump be able to distribute its air evenly throughout my ranch house?
Unused electrical duplex box, soon to be hidden behind a bookcase?
Is plastering a job best left to the professionals?
Is it safe to remove risers from stairs?
Is Schedule 80 PVC Conduit Suitable for Short Directional Boring?
Can I insulate between a brick chimney and drywall?
Is this outlet wiring correct?
Is a gas fireplace enough to heat a small cottage?
Abutting brick or paver stones to foundation
basement plumbing
Leveling basement floor while keeping it sloping to the drain?
Electrical wire a 240v sprinkler lake pump
Can I hook up an ice maker with a 1/4" plastic pipe to my garden hose faucet easily?
What to use to finish my desk from IKEA?
Projector ceiling mounting using 2 screws instead of 4: risky?
The sill plate touching my foundation isn't laying flat, it's about 10 degrees tilted. How do I install a header below it?
Can I heat a radiator directly?
What's the best way to run a wire from inside my garage to the outside?
Can built in bookcases be installed on carpet
Fried ground wire
How to fix a plug socket whose screws don't hold anymore?
Convert Rectangular Electrical Box in Ceiling to Octagon?
Why does my outdoor tap have a diameter of 1-1/4" inches, not the standard 1"?
What specific fitting do I need to connect a 1/4" copper refrigerator water tube to a 3/4" steel water line that's already in use?
Using a 30-amp tandem circuit breaker for a 120/240v circuit?
Master-Slave type Thermostat?
How do I remove surface rust from a metal roof?
Installing Honeywell WiFi Thermostat
How should I prepare this compression fit copper tube for use again?
Are "1/4 turn" water supply valves more reliable than "multi-turn" valves? Or vice-versa?
In IKEA kitchen marketing, what does 'kvm' mean?
In kitchen reno, can I make the kitchen ceiling same height as rest of dining room?
Front House Posts Not Resting on Anything
how do I keep leaves and foreign objects out of the top of my a/c unit?
How To Level Uneven Fireplace Hearth Concrete?
Should I replace carpet over ancient linoleum that might contain asbestos?
How can I remove the stench from a p-trap?
how to fix blade wobble in circular saw
Will high efficiency furnace plumbing lead to cold air entering the house?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of elastomeric coatings versus shingles?
Can I do anything to make my gas oven better?
Dust reduction and removal?
Drywall Type for Conditioned Basement
8 way splitter degrades internet signal over time
How can I minimise damage to a moldy patch of plywood?
Manufactured home bathtub/shower wall installation
Something in my home is making my family sick. How do I determine what it is?
Why do adjacent kitchen outlets need to be on separate circuits?
Dimmer not turning bulb on or off
Why is there a white powdery deposit in my swamp cooler?
How do you attach a wooden gate to fence with metal posts?
How do I wire a new ceiling light from an existing fixture?
Installing new panels in concrete fence posts with overhanging tree branches
Tuscany shower faucet single lever turned to hot, water stops coming out of shower head
Replacing ceiling light with fan/light combination
Fix lead joint between cast iron and galvanized steel plumbing pipes?
Does PEX tubing need to be secured to attic joists?
How do I reattach a SubZero refrigerator door handle?
How to cut center stile from cabinet?
What happens if you wire a four-prong dryer cord backwards?
Building pull-up rig with 6x6's
How is the input connection made to a punch down block?
What is the right way to clear the drilled plug out of a hole saw?
Is PebbleTec / PebbleSheen pool surface worth the extra cost? Any alternatives?
How to prevent thermal cracks between PVC panels
What problems could be caused by putting mains water in to the pipe from a shared water tank?
How can I attach a safety gate at the bottom of the stairs?
What could cause the light in my garage door opener to stop working?
Where is the pressure vacuum breaker typically located in a lawn irrigation system?
How can I make my garbage disposal outlet work for other electric devices?
What are the ramifications of using interior oil-based paint outdoors?
Can I operate a 120v 60 hz sewing machine with a 220v 50hz power supply?
Is there a paint sprayer suitable for both large areas (exterior) and finish work (cabinets)?
Does the NEC allow a 14ga branch on a 12ga circuit?
Adding Undersized Fuse to Doorbell Circuit?
How can I stop loud rushing water sounds when we flush?
What is the recommended thinset when tiling over concrete?
Toaster oven makes my kitchen lights flicker
Why does my fluorescent ceiling fixture trip the GFCI sometimes?
Getting melted Tupperware and Play-Doh out of an oven
Could I simply seal over this toilet leak?
How can I add more insulation to this roof?
Can I add a booster fan to increase pressure?
How do I bend 8-gauge copper wire?
How can I prepare this old exterior wall for painting?
Change direction between trap and vent
How can I put a drain hose through a basement wall or window?
Should I add a grease trap to a long drain run from the kitchen?
Strange noise coming from my bathroon outlet
Can I use glue instead of nails to install shoe molding?
How to catch smart mice that avoid anything that remotely looks like a trap?
Can I fill this AC line inlet with expanding foam?
Best way to create a simple and economic steam machine for steaming wood?
Can you attach a post base to a brick patio?
How do I get started removing this wood frame?
Can I run 100A service from a 200A panel in a garage to a house with an existing 60A service?
Can I install T&G Bamboo floor over a sagging subfloor?
How do I glue moving ceramic tiles without removing them?
How much of this load bearing wall can I remove?
Fixing a sink with multiple problems
How far apart should I space rafters for a 13ft patio?
Running air handler condensate drain into sump?
How do I wire a bath fan?
How to hang a mosquito net safely over a bed?
When there are multiple circuits in a junction box do all grounds get connected
Options for lubricating wires for conduit?
How should I install underfloor heating over OSB subfloor?
Is it safe to run a Kinect 360 cable in drywall?
Vibration dampening solution to stop extractor fan / dishwasher vibration?
How do I fix this wiring to properly run LED lights? (More details/products added)
Contractor vented bathroom vents in attic, now I have mold. Is he accountable?
Is it beneficial to point a fan at the intake of a portable air conditioner?
Why would a lawn irrigation pipe slope down to nothing and just end?
What could be causing the foul smell in my bathroom sink?
Connect Unistrut/Superstrut to the garage ceiling
How can I pressurize stain into wood?
What type of switch is this?
What do as-built drawings need to look like?
Will this light fixture wiring pass inspection?
how to design and buy materials for breakfast bar/standing desk?
Load bearing capacity of 2x6's for diy lifting cage
How can I hang drywall from a ceiling made out of aluminium insulated panels?
Should I replace my roof myself?
How do I smooth a concrete pool surface after an acid wash?
Possible Electrical Short After Drywall Installation
Why would 2 different sprinkler zones cause pressure at the pump to drop to 0?
What prevents mortar from being compressed with the weight of courses of brick?
How to buy a land and build a cottage in the United States?
Why would the lights on a ceiling fan not work after a power outage even though the fan does?
Is plywood or dimensional lumber better for repairing notched joist?
Can tile be removed and placed again before it sets?
Fixing minor tape blemishes/bubbling after a fresh paint job
How can I reduce outside noise inside my apartment?
What could cause my house to smell musty after coming back from vacation?
Do I need to ground Ethernet cable run beneath a pier & beam house?
Is my water heater connected to GFCI and is it affected after short circuit?
Is it allowed to connect 14 awg ground wire to 12 awg ground
How to replace the plastic socket in a B22 light fitting?
Can I run 2 well tanks from 1 well
What does this concrete pool surface look like?
What is the proper method to creating butcher block for a computer workstation?
Are these foundation issues significant?
Can I relocate my furnace exhaust?
How to repair holes in concrete driveway?
How do I wire LED lights directly from the panel?
Do I need to install carbon monoxide detectors to be up to code?
How many arms should a 5.8m long awning have?
Should a concrete pool look like this after an acid wash?
What should I know before plastering a concrete pool?
Proper size of header to support new door in load bearing wall?
What could have caused these cracks, and how can I repair them?
How to repair a shower corner bench
Can I safely remove this unused blocking from a load-bearing wall?
How do I fix my garage door opener that stops working in hot weather?
Foil tape failure in HVAC unit
Cut cord on window A/C
What causes a HVAC control transformer to overheat?
Should I be concerned that water is pooling when ground is dug near the foundation?
Is it possible to replace original vinyl windows with retrofits?
What is/was tunneling into this 2x4?
How do I use self-drilling and tapping SS screws?
How to darken a room without hurting airflow?
How long can a concrete pool stay without the water?
Pool pump wiring - 115v motor okay with L5-20 125V 20A Receptacle?
Exactly measure lumber for cabinetry
Can I remove the insulation from flex duct
What could be causing my touch lamps to come on by themselves?
Honeywell home ventilation system with no c wire for thermostat. How can I substitute the g for the c without blowing a fuse?
How to identify location of intermittent water leak?
Use existing light switch to also power bathroom exhaust fan?
Sink tailpiece doesn't line up with trap
How do I replace a dimmer switch with a single switch?
How can I protect the wall of a simple wooden cottage from rain?
Can insulation batts run on top of wall studs?
What could be causing water pressure drop with sprinklers?
Water heater problem
What can I do about 2x4 wood expansion joints that are above the surface of the concrete?
How can I modify floors, walls, ceilings and furniture in a reversible way?
Is there a trick to getting round HVAC duct pieces to fit together
What could happen if I used 4 cycle fuel in a 2 cycle engine?
How can I reduce the humidity level in my basement?
Can floor tiles be installed on walls?
What to do to prevent/get-rid of snakes?
how can I reduce manganese, hardness, radon, and prescence of coliforms in well water?
Should I set wooden porch pillars into, or on to concrete footings?
How to cut out a rotted portion of exterior corner vertical trim?
How do I hook up a washing machine drain line to this box?
How can I trim my pegboard?
How can I paint over a bitumen floor?
Can i fix or run my 110V pedestal fan on 220V?
Well (Water) Troubleshooting
Attach drywall directly to framed soffit without plywood/osb
What trim material can be used around a 6" circular permanent hole in drywall?
What exactly is this fiberboard-looking sheathing?
Is a little ice on the cooling coils ok?
Stabilizing a gravel driveway with massive holes and steep inclination
What can I do if drain alignment doesn't allow enough space for p-trap?
How can I stop this drain pipe from backing up?
What subpanel and number of circuit breakers should I install in a detached garage?
Is sawdust really that bad for my vacuum cleaner?
Is mold remediation effective in the long term?
Using replacement windows in new construction
Running underground wire to a shed
We hear a constant bass subwoofer like thumping noise every night from about midnight to 7 am
How do I fix this missing soffit?
Are supports for spot lights required?
How to avoid spinng sharkbite on moen spout?
Can I remove my vent covers without disconnecting the duct?
How can I figure out why my water pressure is basically zero?
How to fix metal bulkhead holes caused by rust
What is this stain on my brick?
How can I make a clothes rack from this pipe?
In slip joints, what's the difference between rubber and nylon washers?
How to tell if there is poor water pressure before my main shut-off valve?
How to remove tar left over from old floor carpet?
What to do about a damaged stipple ceiling?
Where is my power going?
How to bypass a clogged water softener?
What features should I look for in a small wooden shed for tool storage?
Central air compressor fan reflects sunlight into house. What can I do about it?
How can I secure a metal frame to polyurethane foam?
Can I use 1/4 inch copper tubing with a compression needle valve to run propane to a gas light?
Is there anything that common house ants won't burrow through?
Cut a granite counter top
How do I remove a 3-way switch?
Is it recommended that 1/8 thick plywood be used as underlayment?
Should I choose PVC or aluminium window frames in a hot, humid climate?
How can I mount 2ft by 4ft fiberboard panels on a wall?
Is using a humidifier to make paint dry slower a good idea?
How do I stop water from leaking through the bottom of my shed walls when it rains?
Do I want low-SHGC windows on the east and west sides?
Brick pillars gone now what?
How safe is this power configuration?
How can I repair a bathtub that is peeling?
Can I upgrade existing T12 fluorescent fixtures to T8 just by replacing the ballast and bulbs?
How to build deck starting in yard, ending on concrete slab?
Type of insulation between exhaust flue and chimney flue?
Should I be concerned about wearing out the clutch when driving screws with my drill/driver?
How to fix my ceiling lights?
How can I secure loose gutters?
How to repaint white latex wallpaper?
How can I fix flexible stucco?
How wide does a 6x6 concrete post footing needs to be?
basement bathroom flooring options in old 1929 house
Are large temperature variation in a water heater normal?
Ventilating a shed
How to keep a block wall from blowing out at the bottom
Can I plug my 40 ampere stove into a 30 ampere receptacle?
How can I remove the paint from and point a stone wall
How can I patch a concrete porch that separated from the house?
How can I lift glued carpet without destroying it?
How do I seal an unused washing machine drain?
Why is my new high efficiency furnace blowing cold air sometimes?
Are router bit imperfections normal?
How can I install a fence on top of this wall?
What are the differences between a thermoformed vinyl coating and melamine?
What should I do about a recessed light without a housing?
How can I replace piano hinge
Replacing floor boards, then sanding and varnishing etc
How can I repair a broken bathroom sink drain?
How can I stop my doors from leaking at each corner?
How should I support a large gate in a vinyl fence?
Can I break up the floor of a raised floor basement bathroom without damaging the plumbing?
What is the best covering for a redwood deck to keep the wood's character?
How to frame a door in a passageway?
Can I use my wet-vac to shampoo my carpets?
How to finish cedar deck chairs
"Top layer" plywood subfloor fastened to decking
A/C Runs non-stop and shuts down without reaching desired temp
Voltage fluctuations and GFCI tripping drivng me crazy
How to insulate this portion of split AC Pipe?
Test gas cooktop without a gas line?
Digital TV pixelation of picture at Manchester using Winter Hill
Main breaker on load center won't open
How to build a sauna?
Can the adjusting screw and nut for a water pressure reducing valve be replaced?
What can be used to fill holes on top of a lamp fixture?
Help peeling painted cabinets
Can I overtigthen the screws on my pool's skimmer basket
Unplugging vs running an empty refrigerator
Want to know if we can make the window size of a bay window larger?
How do I prevent mold in drywall mud pail?
How to correct the inclination of an old chair
Which cylinder door lock shield design is most secure?
Is it a bad idea to use pine for painted exterior siding if prepared properly?
How can I compute the force with a fulcrum on a Murphy bed?
Can I use caulking to install a marble threshold?
Kitchen outlet and Light
How do I convert a 3-way circuit with two lights into two 3-way circuits that control each light separately?
How do you interlock 2 pieces of plywood
Pre-Romex AC circuits to DC for offgrid Solar
Does an extension cord from 2 to 3 prongs have any benefits?
What is the best way to fix a crack in an acrylic bathtub?
Does this count as a material alteration or repair for code purposes
Rope in computer case safe?
Can I attach 2x4s to the studs in order to mount my TV?
How to store small computer equipment in a home context?
Networking Phones Together in Building
What options are available for improving the appearance of a concrete porch?
Is there a permanent fix for my hardwood floor buckling?
How can I get the "new bed" smell out of my daughter's bedroom?
Who do I call to approve minor interior structural changes to my house?
Can I identify window manufacture from the NAMI information?
How should I evaluate my central A/C to see if it's working properly?
Is it good to use a water based primer with oil based enamel on metal
Installing cable trunking on ceiling without damaging the ceiling paper
How do I wire a new fan that I'm replacing
Installing a Bench in Garden
How should I deal with dampness coming from the mountain behind the walls?
is this ceiling tile asbestos?
Electric stove wiring
Do I need to 'burn out' the LP in the gas lines prior to swapping out an appliance?
What technique is used to cut these door moulding?
Dewaxed shellac for knots
Electrical 'input' connector?
How do I repair latch lock that has unscrewed?
Repair long narrow gap in plaster
Foundation repair: time frame
Is there a way to fix a small water leak in a PVC pipe from inside the pipe?
Is it a bad idea to cool a room on the second floor by pumping air from the basement?
Plumbing cuts through five studs. Is ok?
How should I attach a pergola to my rooftop deck?
Rubbered Washer Nuts Direction?
Kenmore Dryer gets warm but not enough to dry clothes
How do I connect a switch and receptacle in the same box?
Clothes Dryer electrical 240v between hot and netural, 0 between other hot and neutral
Cover old ugly floor in a rented apartment?
Weight distribution on library ladder?
Nut &bolt or nail for railing construction
Is it possible to cut a threaded hole in wood?
Problem with vinyl floor
Can you put a small breaker panel after a 30 amp breaker from main panel in the house?
How should I install the post for a mailbox?
How do I identify drywall that does not have fiberglass to add strength?
Rusty Bulkhead Repair
A splitter for low-voltage wire
Freezer sides are hot all the time
Does my travertine-tiled shower have thin set leaking out the bottom?
How do I remove this doorknob?
Ideas/Advice for my Roof Rebuild
Messy tile/wood floor transition (PICTURES)
Wobbly desk with IKEA tabletop and IKEA legs
How do I stress test a roof for leaks?
Can I build 11' x 5.5' loft with 2x2x8 beam and 2x4 joist?
How to resolve a crack in the shower floor?
How do I get rid of white lines in wall corners showing up after painting?
how to keep a wet edge applying poly to the floors of a whole house
Sliding wooden patio door getting harder to open/close
Is glue needed to hang a cabinet with a french cleat?
How do I improve the soundproofing between two rooms?
Laying new tile on subfloor with old plumbing holes, patch needed?
How do you finish carpet on the landing at the top of a hardwood staircase?
What could be causing my A/C not to come on?
Is it possible to reduce the diameter of a drill bit?
Multiple recepticles in a circuit which covers multiple rooms, all controlled by a single GFCI receptacle
What type of wood is recommended for an outdoor jungle gym?
Can I use a junction box to splice together wires that are on a different circuit?
Basement Subfloor for Moisture Problems
When installing backer board for wall tiles, do the screws need to be absolutely flush or even pushed into the backer?
How do I connect TV cables to this signal booster unit?
Options for covering an in-wall safe removal?
What would a calculation be for the weight bearing capacity of 6 x 2 studwork?
How do I fill a hole above my shower where cockroaches are coming through?
Our backsplash tile has raised oval design a how do we work around electrical outlets?
How to improve garage floor look and color?
What do I do with the neutral and ground when wiring a transfer switch?
What size A/C unit should I install?
Why is my Sterling three handle shower tub faucet leaking?
What should I do about soaked particle board under my kitchen sink?
How long should it take concrete to fully cure?
Are the connections in the pictures below an attempt at stealing power for another apartment
knob of propane tank was stuck
Best/Most Affordable Material to use for Long Rafter
only hot water is wanted?
Can I re-grout if there is possibility of mold/mildew behind shower?
Trying to measure kW and kWh
Air purifiers keep smelling like ozone
Swapping out circuit board on York AC?
Are window frames structural?
What's involved in an electrical inspection to obtain a Certificate of Occupancy?
How can I prevent grease buildup on a dishwasher door?
Adding ventilation and insulation with limited soffits
Curcuit breaker not accesible
How can I fix multiple layers of paint on window trim?
What could cause my Craftsman push mower to die after running for a few minutes?
Preparation for laminate floor went south
Cleaning grout under caulk line (between tile and tub) before re-caulking?
Ceiling joists job in a cinder block house
Replacing G4 halogen bulbs with LEDs
Epoxy fumes won't leave our home. Help!
Replacing old windows - how to make vapor barrier?
Building a dock ramp for a dog
How would you repair this exterior foundation insulation/wrap?
Toilet tank slow to refill (bowl refills normally)...bad overflow tube?
Humidity causes Asko clothes washer to buzz and not start
Should something be placed between engineered hardwood and a cement slab?
Can I use duct tape instead of a draft hood?
On the number and shape of my swamp cooler motor cord terminals
How do I dispose of the waste water after cleaning a brush or roller?
What is this electrical box with a button?
Holes in basement floor
Fireplace switch: wiring length/gauge limitations?
Purpose of Fill Valve Tube Going into Overflow Drain
14-2 Tap Branched From 12-2 Feed on 20amp Circuit...What To Do?
Repairing/patching concrete foundation of house
How to release this accuride drawer slide?
Mild Electric Shocks in Bathroom
cooking on a hot&humid day
How do I remove dried spray-can paint from glass?
How smooth should I sand a wall
hardwiring lights to a 20 amp circuit
Which wire is the C wire?
4 Vertical Prong Plug Adapter
Undersized AC - Options?
Is this ladder bookcase design strong enough to hold printers?
Wall furnace material - could it be asbestos?
Ways to Safely Repair 45 Degree Pitched Roof without Jacks?
Connecting 14 AWG to 12 AWG for oven operation
What maintenance does an 1890s brick-over-fieldstone foundation need?
How I can remove this Ingersoll window bolt?
Is my thermostat transformer voltage too low?
Can I use a wood screen door to replace a sliding screen door on a french door
What is 'Cellular Core ABS' pipe?
Freezer is cold but not freezing at all
Why won't any light in my house turn on after a range hood was installed?
Searching for a specific window lock
Outlets On a Desk
Installing roof truss diagonal bracing: splice plate where braces cross?
Driving screws back into weathered deck
Is it possible to get a magnetic mount to attach to my aluminum tablesaw base?
Why is the red (common) wire giving me a shock?
Window unit AC installation in narrow window
How to repair leaking blower / air exchanger in attic?
How do I shut off the water to my apartment?
What Hotpoint oven model is this?
When drywalling a room, should I do the ceiling before the walls?
AC unit (turned on year round) leaves so much ice in the blower causing no cooling (pic included)
Can I add elbows to move a b-vent exhaust?
What are the connections on this German TV socket?
How do I connect original to new wiring when repairing an electrical fault in an AC unit?
How do I wire a new light fixture with a red wire?
Is it possible to smooth over these drywall imperfections?
How to clean portland cement off bricks?
What is the best way to store energy?
How to install LED strip where before I had a fluorescent tube?
how to repair leaking water main
Encasing electrical outlet behind a panel above overhead microwave
Shower Pressure Decreases after thumping noise behind wall
How to fix doors not closing
How to remove masking tape residue from linoleum?
Solution for A/C Condensate Drain Line that doesn't require emptying a bucket of water every day?
How does low freon cause the compressor suction line to freeze up
How can I connect multiple lamps to a single cable?
How does the wiring in this light hookup?
How can I seal a slate floor for long term protection?
How to attach cables to ceiling using curved nails or hooks
Should I paint the back side of vertical shiplap cedar siding
What is a fireplace facing and what is it used for?
Nothing Seems To Get Enough Power...?
Should I reinforce the cupboard back before mounting it to the wall?
Are molds dangerous to health if they are not in my own apartment?
Finishing an Outdoor Table
What's best to use in a sawzall to cut steel pipe?
How common is it for new homes to have gas-only dryer hookups?
What can I do to avoid tripping over HVAC drain line?
Interrupt whole house audio with arbitrary source, post-receiver but pre-amplifier
Asbestos in close proximity of floor repair
Can I extend my sump pump outlet?
How do I plumb an outside line to a roof deck faucet?
How can I get concrete out of ground?
What are the external airflow requirements for portable and window AC units?
How do we install drywall on a curved ceiling that is within 4 feet high from the loft floor?
Do I need to stain or seal an outdoor structure built from spruce?
How can I fix flickering and continuous-clicking with a UPS on an inverter-supplied circuit?
Why am I getting no power to the branch circuits with a new sub-panel?
Extremely porous concrete to act as water drain?
What is the name of extremely porous concrete for water runoff solutions?
What are these marks on the Romex wire in the wall?
Can I install a rocket stove inside my house?
Smoke detector giving false alerts
How do I safely paint the walls and ceiling in this high ceiling staircase?
Vapor barrier for room next to garage?
ceiling fan w/remote
4 way switch with only two switches
What's the easiest way to cut a chunk out of a buried railroad tie?
What are the substitutes for kitchen wall tiles above a kitchen counter?
How should I use the ground wire for this welder?
How can I insulate a combo basement/crawspace?
replace one tile bathroom floor
Block view, but allow sunlight from windows
How can I find out which ethernet cable goes where?
It is safe to insulate my uninsulated oven?
How to make wall anchors hold
Quiet door latch
How to run flexible metal conduit through wall of attached garage?
Fix single hung window glass that is cracked
Finding and installing a carbon monoxide/natural gas detector
How do I seal an electrical box for a ceiling fan?
Should I unplug the timer on the water heater when shutting off water to the house?
Hanging an over-the-range microwave without top cabinet
Run a fluorescent fixture with fewer lamps?
How to fully close a door
What to look at first when when circuit breaker that fridge is on is tripping?
Crack in shower stall floor
Is it possible to use a dimmable LED GU10 bulb on a non-dimmable circuit?
Am I using the correct concrete blocks for the base of my shed and how many do I need?
Can I stud out a wall without removing the plaster
Cheap alternative to cutting boards
Dispersion Paint
Is tung oil a good product for natural oak cabinets?
Why two breakers (one for the line, one for the neutral) on a single-phase line?
How to fill large 1" gap between preform laminate countertop and wall
How to extend my washing machine standpipe?
What test can I do to my washer's gearbox to determine whether or not it is bad?
Extremely confusing 48 v on neutral
What do I do with a 1 11/16" gap when installing a new pre-hung door?
New pre hung interior door is 28" and the old area was 29 11/26 is this too big of an area to use this door?
How should I wire a ceiling fan remote where two switches are used to control the fixture?
Rule of thumb for prefilling drywall vs. recutting a piece of new drywall
What are the possible solutions for an uphill septic system in rocky area around lake
How can I remove polyurethane while it is still wet?
Should I use a Ridge/Soffit vent or Attic Fan?
How deep do I need to sink a 6 x 6 post to support a 150 lb fire hydrant that will sit on top of it?
Trimming timber support to remove suspected mold
FPE panels replaced
Why does dirt kill saw blades?
How to get limescale out of water?
How can I level my concrete slab for patio door instalation
Importance of Following Procedure
Where can I buy elbow grease?
Why are only half of my receptacles working after an electrical arc in one of them?
Are old work electrical boxes acceptable for roughing in?
What should we do about stained hardwood floors that are still wet after three days?
How can I repair heavy hardwood scraping?
hoses instead of pipes
Moving a light switch without moving it
osb - Do I start the first sheet 5/8" out from edge?
Will a water heater use more or less power overall if equipped with larger or smaller heating elements?
Proper backfill for a trench dug below foundation level (within the 45 degree cone of support)
Is this pipe layout acceptable?
How do I prevent interior doors from sticking in the winter?
Possible To Put an Epoxy Coating on Particle Board?
Converting garage into living room?
Air Conditioner woes: water pooling in basement, condensation on ducts, frost on outdoor copper pipe
How can I tap an unused well for outdoor watering?
How should clothes and books be stored in an unconditioned space?
Wiring from Oven to Switch
What's the maximum span for a regular kitchen worktop?
What prevents the water from flowing in a 13mm garden hose?
How many dimmer switches do I need?
Am I required to have a doorknob lock on my exterior door?
Is 40-amp breaker enough for my new range?
How can I fix paint with orange peel texture?
How can I get my Particle-Board Cabinet re-staining project looking more professional please?
Replacing window
What could cause a heat pumps line sets to be the same temperature when running?
How can I finish a hole in the wall?
How can I fix a large gap between wall and countertop caused by bowed walls?
How do i know if my service panel will accommodate a 240v circuit breaker
Footings for free-standing structure
Why would an MR16 LED light only work when power is cut?
How do I stain/paint Ikea birch Wardrobe pieces ebony?
Deal with stripped washing machine inlet
How to flash a roof valley on parallel roofs
Lighting problem
Do I need to use a waterproof sealant in my entryway?
How can I set up a timer for my motorized blinds?
Possible causes for sound of water running through house pipes when water is off?
Did I do the right thing putting small stones under my deck?
How to mix concrete cement
Can an existing exhaust fan with a light and night light be replaced with just an exhaust fan and a seperate can light in the shower?
How do I keep runoff rain from flooding my carport?
How can I separate the fan and the light in my bathrooms?
Can I put gypsum and paint finish on top of a concrete fast set repair mortar?
Why does my GFCI receptacle trip when anything is plugged in?
What's the best way to insulate an outdoor sauna?
Circuit rewired to accept 5th receptacle
How to deal with ants in wall
Is it a problem that I have two of each color wires on my Honeywell thermostat?
What happens when my incomer main and generators are operated together without an interlock ?
When to turn on the water for my washing machine?
Should I add an escape register for added ventilation in A/C duct to reduce condensation?
What does this button on my Electrolux refrigerator do?
How does this 50 year old shower valve work?
How to stop this small roof from leaking?
Is a special circular saw blade needed to cut plastic?
how to setup smoker in grass yard?
How do I deal with a loose lightbulb socket on our ceiling fan?
Bathroom exhaust Fan
Persistent sewage smell coming from basement drain
In-fridge icemaker makes hollow ice cubes. How to fix?
Can I build a vanity, or am I in over my head?
How do I determine what size Generator I need?
How to get rid of spilled coffee scent?
Wiring requirement for small kitchen
Rainwater Collection / Pond Water Storage (Tower) Support Question
Is my circuit breaker box grounded? If not, can it be?
Metals in pool turn water green after adding shock, what's the solution?
Old cellulose insulation holding heat during summer
How long to wait after tile installation before placing heavy objects on it?
How to untangle spring for kitchen faucet hose?
air conditioning system stays on even when we turn off our thermostat
How to put polyurethane on wood, one side at a time
Lowering the basement, water table 2 metre deep
Should I use oil or polyurethane to protect new cane chairs?
What circuit should I use for a new outlet in my living room?
Should my chimney sit on my roof?
What might cause water to leak under or behind a bathtub?
Help connecting cat5e cables for home networking
How do I fix my clogged bathtub drain?
Ceiling fan fixture's lights flicker then the whole unit fails completely
Wiring a fluorescent T8 fixture to a standard plug
Can you help save re-staining project please
Lights not working after replacing blown light bulb
Can I redirect airflow from AC to under the house?
Insulation options for narrow ceiling space
Everything in my house vents into the ceiling cavity. Should I change this?
Salt free and low maintenance water softener
what kind of electrical boxes and fashioning methods are best for metal framing?
What precautions need to be taken while installing a hardwood floor on a very old hardwood floor?
My electric oven runs 200C too hot. What can I do?
Can wrought iron or aluminum fence be re-used and secured with concrete?
Questions about DIY on cedar siding and maybe new windows
How can I match existing mortar?
Can a GFCI burn out a (ceiling fan) motor?
Code compliance with 120/240v outlet
Trying to understand how to lay cork underlayment mats with duck tape. based on discussions
Planning for a Covered Deck in the UK
What are the differences between Single Stage, Dual Stage and Reverse Osmosis Under Sink Water Filters?
Central air conditioner grounding wire size difference
Countertop receptacle spacing issue
How do I change a switched outlet to a half-hot outlet?
Gutted a basement and found a window, what should I do?
Is wood strength affected after weathering wood?
How many circuits do I need and can I bundle wires in the wall?
Running power to an external building
Can I replace Slater boxless receptacles with conventional ones?
can you combine 2 circuits into 1?
How do I interpret a central air conditioner label?
2-wire switch loop controlling 2 outlets - replacing with 3-wire to fix?
Raise cupboard floor (under stairs)
Do silent door latches exist?
Electrical problem - loss of power to fixture and outlet
Covering an above ground pool indefinitely
Truss Spacing and Sheathing Type
Zoned oil furnace and AC thermostat question
What is a good technique for cutting in when painting?
No hot water even if heating elements work (solar/boiler combination)
2 circuits connected in one box?
Efficient way to test smoke detectors
How to keep an attic over the garage cool?
Why did oiling cause this crank to become dirty?
How do I join pieces of wood tiles, 12" by 12" pieces, to make a larger slab?
What can we do about a separate drain from our washing machine to our septic system that has failed?
Damp smell in basement
Soft touch for trim nailer
Can a brown, loamy wall be whitened with lime paint?
Large gap between foundation wall and patio
Underfloor solar heating
Drilling holes behind existing walls/ceilings
Should wood be treated or sealed before tiling?
How do I frame this oddly spaced rough in
Can houseplants actually improve air quality?
How do I identify this square light fitting so I can replace the globe
Can a natural stone wall be made waterproof without defacing it?
What is the minimum thickness of an insulated bathroom wall
Replace 1 gang 2 way with 2 gang 2 way
What tool is a solid metal cube with dimples or half spheres on every side?
Can I use a 20 amp breaker in the situation of having 15 amp wire connected to a 20 amp main wire?
What material might be behind my old bathroom tile?
Which home automation standards will work with Apple and/or Google's forthcoming sofware?
Why did polyurethane make wood feel coarse?
Convert light socket to plug socket for LED lighting strip
Garage door opens only partially in hot weather
Can I use a pool pump to drain a shallow well?
Are all toilet bolts installed from under the floor?
Should a neutral wire ever be connected to the neutral for the power meter?
repairing concrete damaged by anchors
What kind of insulation should we put under new tin roof?
Lights and outlets on multiple circuits out but no circuits tripped. Power back to normal after several hours
I've noticed the water from the sink won't heat up, while the water in both bathrooms heats fine.
Can I use a UPS as a Voltage Stabilizer for 32 or 42 inch LED TV?
Removing caulk on painted wall
How to rewire house electrical?
Old recessed radiators with reflector foil
Can I use composite wood to make ground-contact retaining stairs?
Should I keep a bathroom door open or closed to keep it from expanding?
Can I use rubber bumper pads to prop open a door?
Can I install a Sharkbite shut off valve with only a half of an inch of copper to connect to?
How can I insulate behind pipes that are close to a foundation wall?
Reinforce chair stretchers with screws?
How do I cut a hole through vinyl siding?
Can I apply grout over grout to change the color?
How to cut thick felt carpet pad?
How should I connect a new ceiling fan which is controlled by a remote?
How long will stored powder charges last?
Tiny leak in soldered copper 1/2" pipe joint
How should I support upright posts on a slab with no footer?
FAULTY MIRROR Is distorting fat to thin how do i correct this
How to determine polarity on cloth covered wires?
How do I wire a ceiling fan?
What should I do with my leaking chimney?
What's the quickest way to get rid of larvaes and [clothing] moths at home?
What should I do about cracks in the cement pan for a roll-in shower?
What is best way to caulk this improperly installed bathtub?
How do I permantely plumb 5 tiki torches around my pool by placing a T on my buried propane tank which feed the pool/hot tub heater?
How to repair a giant hole in plaster over drywall (maybe ?)
Is it normal for an exhaust fan cover to hang below the finished ceiling?
Repairing a gap under a eave.
Do I need a permit to renovate a porch in NYC?
Inverter air-conditioning units or non-inverter air-conditioning units?
What kind of toilet tank is this?
What should be done with dirt from digging out sewer drain pipe?
Framing a wall over a carpeted floor
Should there be an air outlet in an attic with a whole house fan?
How can I convert a closed stringer staircase to an open stringer staircase?
Hanging a shelf on a difficult wall
How do I remove a brick patio embedded in concrete?
How can I improve the stability of this DIY pull-up bar?
Is there a tool that will crimp close the end the ribs on a metal roofing panels?
Home Light Automation - Emulate 4 way switch with relay
Is ceiling fan missing grounding wire from the ceiling box, and is this safe?
Running a new kitchen light circuit from a receptacle with a "traveller."
Putting PT Piers in Ground
What tools and techniques do I need to recreate this piece of furniture? (pic in description)
How much concrete is required to hold 125 lbs/sqft permanently?
Tile cracks on a convex edge
Nail through ceiling
How can I secure a post to a conversion ball for a shower faucet?
Beeping light fixture
two shower faucets in one water supply line
aluminum or vinyl for replacement glass sliding door?
Why does my toilet not leave enough water in the bowl after flushing?
What is the best way to repair a large crumbling block on a corner of the house wall?
Installed Ceiling Fan, Now Light Switch Not Working Properly
Addressing irregular water pressure
Post-less combination window & door system
Why use AFCI receptacles rather than AFCI breakers?
Are dishwasher overfill protection floats adjustable?
How to know that new appliance won't trip the circuit?
How do I stop the second floor of my house from being so hot in the summer and so cold in the winter
How far does a ground rod need to be from the foundation?
Is it okay to drill a ground rod through pavement?
Unplugging Alarm System
Merge 2 water line to increase pressure
Insulated radiator foil
Extremely long dryer vent line, non efficient dryer
Connect Taco Radiator system to a new Honeywell wireless thermostat
Can two ground rods be bonded via a PVC conduit above ground?
Can I install a Honeywell WIFI Thermostat?
How do I change which half of a receptacle is controlled by a wall switch?
What could be causing water to back up into my bathroom basin?
Tracing TV cable path in wall
Water Problems please help!
What to do about hot neutral in switch?
What size wire do I need for a 100amp underground 300 ft run?
Wiring multiple switches off 1 load wire
Could power fluctuations have killed my refrigerator?
How to fix a pinhole leak in water main inside my house?
insulation below fireplace
How do I know if I will drill into a hole in a wall that was already made?
What animal are these coffee-ground-like leavings around my doorframe from?
impact resistant windows
How can I remove brush marks from a wall painted with metallic paint?
How can I tell if there's an electrical issue or if I have a bad dryer?
How to clean grout over grout?
Can I cover the vent leading to my crawlspace?
Can I count on being able to cut galvanized pipe to size?
Problem with parallel flow
I have 240V cable on a 120V circuit. Should I be worried?
Can I drive a ground rod near a gas meter?
What could cause low hot water pressure in the shower only?
How can I repair a loose T joint connecting pipes under my kitchen sink?
What is the best way to retrofit an underfloor heating system in a concrete slab?
Is it OK to have more than one neutral wire in the same connection on the neutral bus bar on a main panel?
Thermostat replacement
How can you open the top part of a double-hung window when you are old and short?
Would not running the recharge cycle for an extended period cause a water softener to fill with water?
Corrosion on copper pipe: Is this a concern?
How to frame ceiling in unfinished basement
Can I re-fluff blown-in fiberglass insulation with a cellulose blower?
Loud noise in the pipes when I turn off my hot water
How do I fix sticky KILZ primer?
How would I go about identifying and matching this wood stain color?
wall outlet when bottom is tiled and top is drywall
Possible to refinish hardwood floor without messing with quarter-round baseboard?
Is it possible (and safe) to adapt a 4-prong dryer outlet to a NEMA 6-20?
How do I properly ground a light fixture?
Handles without springs: strong door latches
Does Mineral spirit make for good wood Pre-Conditioner?
For installing a new exterior light on a brick wall, can I connect the wires in a junction box mounted on the opposite side of the wall?
Plumbing not draining after reassembly
Vinyl covered cabinets
How to salvage this ruined wall so it can hold paint?
Do I need to install aerial wall outlets or is there a wireless solution?
There are bare copper wires in the light box?
Can I use old style individual faucets on a bathroom vanity?
Bathtub trip lever broken and detached
Is it customary to build "built-ins" over carpet?
14ft Ceiling beam sagging 5/8" - what to do?
Cleaning a very dusty garage
Can a private electromechanical meter be placed between the utility's meter and the main breaker?
Staining already stained wood
Is it possible that my GFCI receptacle is bad?
Why is a previously wet light fixture now getting dimmer?
Few questions about concrete/cement wall inside of the apartment and which screws to use
New residential toilets all so tall?
Is there ever a reason for reversing hot and neutral on a receptacle?
How do I go about determining how to wire a breaker box in a cargo trailer
How can I fix these peeling cabinets?
Removing Steel Basement Windows
When does sanding(smoothing out wood surface) sensibly apply
How a concrete/brick storm drain is made?
Wall frame weirdness during renovations
Can I move the opening of my screen door from the middle to the left?
Proper way to join PVC pipes to brass ball valve
Why does the blade of my table saw stop?
Air in Weed Eater Gas Line?
Is a large change in radon test results normal?
How to loosen a rusted nut/screw
Water won't come back on after turning main back on
Where do you buy a whiteboard?
How can I shade my garage door opener keypad?
How can I get a brick out of my drain pipe?
How does an external tower style bathtub drain work?
How to restore faded furniture color and sheen
What is this dishwasher drain solenoid seal part & how can I replace it?
Need help determining if a multiwire branch circuit is wired correctly
How much clearance should I allow for a coat of poly?
Can this transformer supply 2000 Watts according to its labeling?
How can I convert an enclosed deck to an open deck?
Video / audio ground on ungrounded equipment
How do I install the trap for a standard bathroom sink?
How to finish tiling an outside edge for a shower?
Air conditioner that keeps turning off
How can I repair and repaint a deck whose planks were caulked?
What is the best material for an indoor wood heater
Do hot water tanks have to be in the drain pan
Improving piece of furniture
How can I lay moulding around this ceiling protrusion?
Should I be using wire nuts to connect my light socket?
Making or obtaining replacement parts for a multi-point window locking mechanism
Can I put roof sheathing on vertically instead of horizontally?
Correct Sander Markings on Wood after Stain has properly dried
Is that a leak from roof into my ceiling?
Is it more economical to use hot water before boiling or to bring cold water to a boil?
Latex paint peeling off oil based paint. How do I apply a new layer of paint?
Threaded copper fitting stripped, whats my next move?
Do I need to replace this water pressure valve?
A spark from a power strip recently made the electricity go out is it safe to turn it back on?
Outside flood light problem
Custom skylights with irregular shapes?
Should data ground wires be attached to plumbing?
What kind of glue is best for a black plastic kitchen appliance (ABS plastic)?
Should I install a normal window or glass block?
How do you install a slide lock when the door frame isn't level with the door?
repair hole in hardwood floor near garage door
How can I cut a large bathroom mirror?
Toilet, sink and shower blocked
What could cause a battery hedge trimmer to have white smoke come out of it?
Use Rigid Foam Underneath Sidewalk to Control Water
How can I repair this detached kitchen sink pipe?
My upstairs bathroom fans don't vent properly, how should I handle this?
How can I protect my fingers while using a band saw?
Why is high voltage coming out of HDMI port on my TV?
is my lawnmower beyond redemption?
Router bit depth keeps decreasing/slipping down, where is the problem?
How many amps does it take to power 2 AC's, a freezer, a refrigerator, 2 TV's, and a computer?
How can I go back to a gas water heater?
What is the easiest method to clean a bathroom floor that doesn't have a drain?
How do I install a ceiling fan remote?
Do I need to close the windows and doors in the entire house when doing a radon test?
Replacing a PIR light switch with a timer switch
Making a 15kg table to move around without drilling
Can I thin thick PVC cement with primer?
Why not double up on PEX cinch clamps?
What trim can I use on wooden stairs?
Clogged plumbing in bathroom sink
Repairing furniture finishes
Routing cables under the house with raised perimeter foundation
How can I drill a big diesel tank without emptying it first?
How do I fix bathroom fan which is not working?
Son accidentally painted my new cedar shake! How do I remove it?
Is there a keyed switch that can be used to power off a subpanel?
What is this switch plate cover with a pyramidal bulge across the top of the plate?
How do I source, remove, and prevent green mold on my aluminum windows?
Is there an advantage to using EMT over Plastic Flexible Conduit for Low Voltage runs?
Do I need soffit vents and can I add them without taking the roof apart?
How can I add a fireplace to an existing non-fireplace chimney?
Is there a tool to find a the closest spot on the other side of a wall?
How to Replace Exterior Door & Casing in Old House
Replace reusable air filter with disposable, when no size matches?
Can I support a fiberglass tub with a layer of 1" thick foam board between a concrete subfloor and mortar base?
Window casing and conversion from inch thick drywall to half inch
Should I be worried about tears in my foundation wrap?
Should I ventilate a small waste pipe?
Termite leaving sand on wall
How can I transition between rooms when refinishing hardwood floors?
What do I need in order to fix the sloppy work done by cable providers?
Temporarily have no gutters, what do I need to worry about?
Does it matter what kind of pipe is used for a sink drain?
What annual maintenance does a dishwasher require?
Is it acceptable to put the bathroom entrance in the living room?
How to determine if a 20 amp breaker can be upgraded to 30 amp
convert a hardwired lamp to on off switch
Methodology to create black and white wall mural?
Please help me with temperature alarm system
How can I add insulation above my finished ceiling?
Rotary hammers, how many joules to hammer through concrete slab?
How to slightly enlarge a worktop hole for replacement kitchen sink
Cabin bed attached to wall on two sides
Hot water out of cold tap. Washing machine to blame?
My kitchen lights won't turn on, what could be the problem?
Strange light switch wiring... why would neutral and hot be connected?
Replacing moen 4600 valve
changed taps and now there's no hot water
What type of insulation should be used to deter subterranean termites?
Where can I connect the C wire on the A/C side?
Should electrical wiring be placed above or below plumbing pipes
Imperfectly cut tile (4mm short) within acceptable range of error?
What to do with ground wire when installing ceiling fan on ungrounded branch circuit
How to deal with a pop up drain install when nut doesn't sit flush with bottom of the sink?
How can I take the pop-up stopper out of my sink?
Achoring with Drill versus Anchoring with Spanner
Can a 1x4 jack stud be used instead of a 2x4?
What fastener to use to attach 4" circular pan to steel stud?
Should I put down underlayment when putting a layer of tile on top of another?
Rotten Rain drain grate
Why do my lights blink?
Why is there a one second delay before the lights turn on with this new dimmer switch?
Can I run wireless alarm sensor in same conduit as power?
How to safely dispose of latex paint?
Can I use Zinsser BIN over latex?
How do I remove/replace these window screens?
How to protect an old, internal windowsill?
How to install Light Fixtures - no ground in the ceiling box
Is it wrong to connect the red ceiling wire to the blue wire on my receiver for the remote and the blue wire from the fan?
Minimizing wall thickness for basement drywall?
How do you expand an existing patio while retaining look, structure & level?
How do I wire a gazebo
How to fit a length of drainage PVC pipe between two existent fittings
Quick and cheap insulation for skylight
Is a 6 in. hole in a band joist okay?
What could cause a condensing units fan to stop working?
Patching drywall between two corners
Why is my granite still retaining a lot of water after sealing?
Arduino ceiling fan control
Hole in the floor
Do I attach kitchen cabinets when installed overtop of a hardwood floor?
Can I remove parquet flooring adhesive by using a heat gun?
How to wire a light fixture with 3 white wires in box?
Why does my air conditioner say not to shut it off and restart within 3 minutes?
Will using a dimmer switch damage a transformer?
Cleanest way to empty shop vac?
What could be causing the light in my basement to heat up and turn off?
How can I install a window air conditioner and still allow the window to be opened?
How should the top edge of an asphalt shed-type roof be finished?
How can I repair a toilet that is leaking at the base?
How to prevent back flow for parallel connected tanks?
Bosch washer won't start. Some lights are blinking
Can I add a porcelain bathroom fixture to existing tile?
How to build deck steps down to patio?
Where can I find a 5/16" end cap for a faucet diverter?
Is it safe/energy efficient to surround hydronic baseboard heaters with a wooden enclosure?
Running Coax cable to the upper floor
Trying to hook up 2 new lights and 1 outlet
How can I protect a hardwood floor from a rolling office chair?
How do I disable smoke alarms?
Bathroom remodel
How can I attach a garden hose to my sink faucet?
Is it safe to use apple cider vinegar / baking soda to remove mold on (soft) plastic?
Does anyone know how to get rid of magnetic field from water line?
How wide should a workbench top's overhang be to accomodate clamp-on vises and work lamps?
How large must the air inlet tube of the sewage be?
Garage door opener surge protector
Distance between Sprinkler head and Air condition system
Fittings for conduit passing through ceiling/floor
Is it possible to use molly bolts in concrete?
Dimmer switch issue
PEX Manifold with existing piping?
What are the must-have features for a Hackspace/Makerspace bandsaw?
Seamless construction joints on concrete floor
Possible to remove truss and add collar ties?
How can I install a curtain rod on a drywall?
Sanding, Blasting, or chemical for paint removal from old metal cabinets?
How do I understand this description of lumber?
Light replacement for a complicated light ceiling cover
Shower Base over or to the side of tiles
How do I mount this pullup bar?
How do I stop a sharkbite brand fitting from spinning?
What do I need to verify before taking down a wall?
Wood paint still not hardened after three weeks
What are the must-have features for a Hackspace/Makerspace horizontal metal bandsaw?
A/c makes the lights turn on and off! No Joke!
How do I un-stick the release button on my Yale door knob?
How to flatten handsaw cut edge?
Direction of wood flooring
How do I use both hard and soft water when I have a water softener installed?
Is it possible to replace my phone wires t network wires in the walls?
What to use to attach copper to stone?
Kitchen fixture pulled lose from ceiling
Electric shock - was I stupid, unlucky, or a combination of both?
Fixing green coloration on clapboard siding
Vapor and moisture barrier for "above ground" basement
Replacing rot in wooden porch column
Can I use a wall tile on the floor?
Just moved into a new house, what is this tube in the ground outside my wall?
What kind of a bathroom vent is this? How do I open it?
How do I remove an underground paper hornets nest?
Can I wire up a 353W projector with a 25W track light?
Why is boiling hot water coming out of every faucet, and even the toilet?
How do I fix a heavily rusted garburator?
Bunch of insulation questions
Testing and proper breakers for a multi wire branch circuit?
Bathroom floor - what should I do?
sliding window with electric roller shutter doesn't fully close
Switching between 3 30a 120v loads
Installing/fixing ceiling drywall when trusses are uneven?
Tripped breaker
How to build wall folding chair?
What's the recommended order for completing these bathroom remodel tasks?
Gap between 6" dia wall thimble & 6" hvac pipe
Wall Mounting a tv, how much can my wall take?
How do I safely install a mirror on an Ikea Besta door?
Can I substitute furnace cement for high temperature epoxy?
Are these three-way switches?
A/C Unit Has Leaking, Has Ice Buildup
Why is my new Altura 68" fan so slow moving on high speed?
How to repair garage floor concrete damage near apron?
Is there a way to unscrew a light bulb that has broken?
Is it possible for me to convert my downlights to normal lights?
Red reclaimed victorian tiles (outdoor) crumbling after only 6 months
Can I use Mason Sand under Pavers?
Trying to find window manufacturer from sticker on vinyl window
Flood Vents and Raised Gardens
Is it acceptable to not have access to the main water shutoff valve?
Are some water valves poor quality?
How to replace siding through gas pipes
How to protect outside cable wire from myself?
How can I pour a concrete floor over a particle board subfloor?
Proper way to connect joist to top plate?
How to lubricate a buzzing fan?
NEC, use more extension boxes or an access panel?
should I stain the bottom of exterior steps?
Toilet not flushing properly because flapper is closing too soon
Should a heavy duty transformer (used predominantly for LED lights) be on the mains ring or the lighting circuit?
How can I eliminate a gap in a refrigerator door gasket?
Unexpected rain less than 24 hours after staining
What should I do about small cracks when painting a homes exterior?
Sewer drain cap replacement options
Is there an easier way to remove glued-down hardwood than hammer & pry bar?
Cleaning walls or painting
Conduit Underground - Ways for tunneling under obstructions?
Should I staple faced insulation batts to the face of the stud or the side?
How thick should a plate steel stringer be?
Should washing machines be placed on tile or other water-proof flooring?
What's a good tool create a floorplan with?
Proper size drain and venting behind new bathtub
What type of joint should I use while building a plywood box?
How do I connect a light before a 3way, followed by a 3way, then a light?
Home security alarm system in the uk
Glass deck above basement addition
How to fix a deck railing that is falling off?
Can I wire LED light fixtures in parallel?
How do I wire a GFCI with 5 wires?
How useful is double-glazed glass for sound and heat insulation in a semi-tropical climate?
What type of paint to use when painting on a shiny veneer, to produce the least odour?
Running conduit near knob and tube wiring
Replacing a toggle dimmer switch with a regular light switch
How can I install a light fixture in the ceiling of a finished room?
Heating Coils on a metal roof section
Identifying a bulb from a 1969 built light fitting
Remove greasy material from wooden frame
How do I wire one switch in a circuit with two "fixtures" but only one being operated by the switch?
Yellow stains on plaster wall patches
Fixing Spray Paint Texture
How to wire Two dimmers controlling a string of recessed light?
What are my options for fixing a laundry faucet?
I rewired my two bulb ceiling light
What's wrong with the polyurethane on this hardwood floor refinishing job?
How should I get this paint off my stucco?
Creaking / Clicking noise coming from wood / cardboard
new railings - should I use cedar or treated pine?
GFCI circuit for hot tub tripping after move
Washing machine hot water leaking. Is it ok to use with the hot water shut off?
Countersink and Screw Size
Do sandstone patio pavers/grout need to be sealed?
Best method of repairing plastic door frame
What amp breaker for 20 Amp electrical oven and 40 Amp electrical range on same circuit
Need to replace lock on car top carrier
How to prevent an exterior automatic watering system from freezing
How to fix a small ceiling corner?
What type of tool do I need to remove this screw?
Cold water entering hot water circuit?
Do unswitched neutral and ground wires need to pass through a transfer switch?
How can I calculate the minimum allowable cross sectional area of a table leg?
Help on Vinyl floors
Should I reinforce my lap-joint?
In the UK, what type of flexible conduit should I use for electrics in shed that run underground and emerge through the concrete base?
How can I tell what kind of paint is on my stucco?
Home Theater projector re-searches for input when power surges (light/ac/fridge turning on or off)
How to connect a DIY thermostat to the HVAC System
Frame wall with steel post at corner
Do I need to remove all the old paint prior to repainting!
Table saw blade width
How to fix double-tapped 14-3 cable to boiler
Adding circuits in a sub panel
how do I level the floor in a sunk in living room
Whatzit? Name this dryer or washer thing-a-ma-bob
Is there a tool to pinpoint an exact location through wood?
What solutions exist for opening and closing a window very high up?
Why do my fluorescent lights turn on slowly or not at all in the summer?
Is this gray fibrous substance above my ceiling tile made of asbestos?
Controlling two fixtures on same circuit independently
How do I remove this stubborn ceiling light fixture?
HE Front End Washer vibrations on wood floors: any tried-and-true solutions?
Why cement under upstairs bathroom floor?
Repair/replacement of overdrilled wall
Can I use coaxial cable for audio over 30 feet?
soundprofing edm studio room
How realistic is lowering a concrete floor?
Why do I have a green light on my GFCI but the outlet will not come on?
Why would I have to continually reset my hot tubs heater?
How can I insulate my basement on a budget?
Will KILZ® contain black mold?
Can I have a separate thermostat for a wood boiler?
Can you disconnect and reconnect a gas flex pipe?
Furnace filter inserted backwards, will this cause permanent damage?
How can I build a septic tank?
How can I clean an office chair?
Air handler condensation draining problem
Why would cinder blocks be used instead of concrete for a foundation wall?
Mixing two different primers?
Why have my ceiling fans started running slower?
Stud wall bracing
Bar-sink drain won't drain water
Does the rough opening for this door need to be reframed?
Insulating and reducing boominess of plywood subfloor
What codes are invovled in running an overhead subpanel feeder to a detached garage?
GFCI (panel) breaker trips on neutral connection
thermostat batteries replaced, AC unit won't start
24" o,c, 2x4 for load bearing wall and rafters for workshed?
How to fix spotting caused by spray on acrylic sealer?
How much ceiling fan wobble is acceptable?
Which kind of board is easiest to work with?
Can metal studs support a 64" plasma TV on a swiveling mount?
Wiring GU10 Sockets: Cables are of same color - which one should be “live”?
Is there a standard hole diameter for corner braces?
Problem with Screws/Hinges on laminate door
What type of copper pipe do I need for a typical LP gas range?
What's the best place to get a single steel I-beam?
Can I apply polyurethane to my hardwood floors one room at a time?
Rapid changes in humidity levels in basement suite?
What size replacement fuse is required for this hot tub?
Is this a refrigerator water hookup?
What's the amperage on a circuit breaker that's "linked" together?
Should I put a basement dehumidifier on a timer, or trust the hygrometer?
Suggestions on finishing a concrete vault
How to wire an in-celing recessed projection screen
In a multi-gang box, are neutral wires paired with specific hot wires?
What's the name of type of AC Circuit where you can remove an element?
Disassemble and remove bathtub–shower combination
Is a weather resistant gfci required outside in a metal box with in use cover?
Where to locate heat tape within gutter
Home inspection requires exhaust to attic exterior
DIY door frame pull-up bar
How to know Glass tank safe or not?
How do I prevent flood waters from entering my house?
Is it possible to bleach Sapele wood?
Can I use cement instead of paint for interior walls?
Would cork flooring underlayment help with vibration dampening in a sub floor?
How do I interpret the type of steel used in a tool?
Installing a fixture with no ground, no ceiling box
How much do accoustic tiles help?
Should I reconfigure my shared neutral breakers to have tied handles
Can I realistically replace my drill with a rotary hammer?
How can I prevent the lines from showing through when painting paneling?
What could cause the blower in my furnace to come on?
Do under cabinet electrical outlets meet code and be passed by NEC in new construction?
What is this white fitting inline with my showerhead?
Digital Shower Mixer with diverter(s)
Removing old mortar
What can I use to clean my brick fireplace
Danny Lipford Workbench Questions
Garbage disposal Power source
Electric panel distance from windows and/or gas service entry
How can I remove this stuck nut on my riding mower?
How to install a 4-wire a/c & fan thermostat with only 3 wires
I am installing a Honeywell RTH6580WF with a TACO SR504
What could be causing my condensation dryer to have standing water under the heating exchanger?
New Light Fixture Has Long Ground Wire
Can I use these replacement ballast even though the yellow wires are on the opposite end?
How to apply varnish of a different color on a varnished wood shed?
Replacing Bathroom vent, heat light combo and wiring is weird
Can you "extend" a drywall stud?
Central Air duct does not blow
How big a hole do I have to drill in concrete to embed rebar in it?
How do I remove plastic shelf brackets that have broken off in the hole?
Adding USB Dual Port Charger Receptacle Blows Mains
How to fix a large hole in drywall
Can I replace a 48" glass sliding closet door with two 24" doors?
How does one identify compatible shower drain covers?
How do i hang shelving on drywall over concrete
How can I pull/push a PVC pipe closer to the wall?
What is the difference between GU10 and GU10+C?
Can I install a floor length window on the second floor?
new electrical outlets and switch pop breaker
Lighting in the hall: How to substitute a missing wire?
Testing circuit breakers?
How is a Phillips screwdriver size determined?
How do I properly install GFCI outlets with existing 12/3 wire in parallel and on a switch?
Should I put vapor barrier only on exterior wall of a bathroom?
Three dead power outlets, no tripped breakers
What could be causing my underground well house to flood?
All toilets in my house flush slowly, afraid that there is a clog in the main line
Are pocket screws strong enough for a bed frame?
Can I drain the main sink in a double sink (with a small disposal side) into the disposal, to prevent clogs from building up from food waste?
trying to wire a light fixture in a 1923 house with knob and tube wiring
Three-way switch problem, potentially faulty
How can I repair leaks in metal wrapped wood gutters?
What's the best way/tool to cut a strip of drywall out of my window boxes?
Is there a list of status codes for Maytag Bravos Quiet Series 300?
What is the preferred method for removing & replacing electrical wiring in the garage?
Properly insulating crawl space
Is there some kind of adapter for an old ceiling box?
Replacing garage door lock barrel
Hitachi brad nailer - firing it empty against a hard surface
Wiring to a detached garage
What is the purpose of the crown in the middle of a router mounting plate?
How to repair the leg of a computer chair
How to repair broken grout in shower tile?
How can I tidy up a hole in a plaster ceiling rose?
What's the best practice for non-90 degree corners on drywall / plasterboard?
What could be causing drainage issues in our new bathroom?
How do I wire a GFCI switch/outlet receptacle?
What grit sandpaper should I use to remove polyurethane from hardwood floors?
Can I use metal J-channel and drip caps intended for roofing as my window casing beads?
What is wrong with my air conditioner
How to accurately judge economics of converting from oil heat to liquid propane?
how to clean caulk between tub and tile
Industrial strength velcro peeling off MDF
Dig out some remaining rotted post or just pour in cement
Why do the evaporator and suction lines freeze when there is low refrigerant?
How to form curved concrete seat for bench with back?
Tile over Plaster (bathroom)
Can I replace a junction box with a piece of conduit if I rewire the circuit completely?
How can I straighten out a bent threaded rod?
How can I fully winterize my plumbing?
Leaving a pool covered for a season and through another winter
Wireless Transformer no C-Wire
Does it matter where is live and where is neutral when wiring an electronic ballast?
How to fill the joint between tiles and cabinets in a kitchen backsplash?
What is the proper order of layers for bathroom walls?
Do subfloors in bathrooms require any special sealant or moisture barrier prior to adding standard floor covering (like tile)?
What's the recommended procedure for converting a single circuit light switch into two switches for controlling a bathroom fan?
Can I lay laminate flooring over top of existing linoleum?
How can can I get replacement wood siding to match the existing siding?
What is the proper way to remove plywood subfloor?
When installing hardwood floor which room should I start with?
How water proof is concrete?
Use of combination CAFCI and GFCI breakers instead of recepticles
Why is plywood with tongue and groove preferred for flooring?
How should I refinish vintage wooden closet doors?
Is it normal for subfloor to extend under walls? If so, how can I replace it?
How do I remove adhesive from outdoor concrete deck that is textured?
Door open lightswitch for sliding closet doors
What can we do about a section of plaster that has fallen off the wall?
What is the proper way to leave unused nonmetallic sheathed cable inside walls or ceilings?
Where exactly does backer board need to reside in a bathroom?
How to measure water pump pressure in a spa heating system?
How to tighten a pipe while keeping it at specific angle?
How to install ceiling light where there previously was none?
How to fix wood stain drips?
Sifting driveway stone.
How is this toilet flange attached?
Is there a reason for an exterior vent not connected to anything?
AC Blower Relay
What's the recommended distance of a fire pit from a building?
Is there something wrong with this trap that would cause a sewer smell?
How do I wire a light controlled by two switches?
What's the easiest way to reframe a portion of a wall with minimal disturbance to the electrical lines?
Why did the neutral wire burn out in my electric shower?
Which stud should I mount to if they are different widths?
Will installing a 2inch fitting in a 3 inch water line decrease water pressure?
How is standard washing machine "water usage" calculated?
Lighted bookcase with capacitive touch hinge
Code compliance for outdoor 20 amp receptacle?
power distribution loss of negative on 120v circut
How can I replace the bulb in this ceiling fan?
How to remove vent assembly from Kenmore 665.16262400 dishwasher
Sawdust from treated wood on my lawn
Can I replace one of the units in a stackable washer/dryer combo?
schlage privacy set door knobs
Using a flap sand disc to remove the finish from a closet door
How can I quiet my loud washing machine?
How do I stack a washer and dryer without a stacking kit?
How do I stop the mantel over my gas fireplace from getting way too hot?
Do I need vapor barrier to insulate a cinder block garage?
How to remove a granite window sill?
What are the considerations for crawlspace encapsulation barriers / humidity control?
Re-wiring a bathroom
Connecting a sump pump to sewer
What is wrong with this panel wiring?
How can I wire switch to convert a regular outlet to half switch?
What should I do about nonmetallic sheathed cable that was wet?
How do you sister joists?
How can I repair water damage to a hardwood floor under a washing machine?
How to prevent washing machine drain overflow
How to remove markings from laundry sink
bath exhaust fan light combo
How can I paint a wooden desk with a rubberised feel?
Is fan fold insulation an acceptable underlayment for hardwood?
How can I cut a tree trunk into more manageable pieces?
Installing thin slate (chalkboards) as countertops: proper method?
How to make a height adjustable shelf / desk
How should I relocate my shed?
Drilled a shallow hole in concrete ceiling and some water came out. What now?
How do I wire up a 4-wire dimmer switch when I only have two 2 wires from the wall?
New condenser fan motor burned out
What should I do if wire gauge is too large to fit into a screw terminal?
Bathroom subfloor replacement
What could cause my electric water heater to over heat water?
Why do my lights not work?
How to troubleshoot/diagnose an oven that won't heat past a certain point?
Do polyphosphates reduce scale in refrigerator ice makers?
Timer on dryer stopped working
How to join two 1x6s to form a 23' baseboard with a seamless transition?
How to install shower speaker
Insulating a thin-walled dormer
Can an IR thermometer be used to check wall insulation?
How do I go about filling a hole that's all the way through wood, for a new nut?
How to measure a hex or jam nut?
How to reduce maximum power rating of dishwasher for use with photovoltaics inverter?
Ceiling fan to can lights
Single pole circuit breaker won't close unless double pole above it is closed
What is coming out of my pipe and how can I fix it?
electrical question involving earthing
What will happen if I feed a device with two legs from the same phase?
Are licensed electricians required to perform code-compliant repairs?
Do we need to replace wet insulation resulting from a a/c drain
What could cause low hot water pressure only in the line to one shower?
How can I route storm water away from my atrium?
Can Liquid Nails cover a small hole
Furnace reset problem
Can I prevent my tub faucet from leaking by diverting the water to the shower, and shutting off the shower head?
How to indentify if the crack on plastered brickwalls is cosmetic or structural?
How do I connect my new chandelier?
Steps for annual maintenance on a fuel oil furnace?
What is the proper way to use a hand plane on wood?
How hot can/should an outlet get?
Why shouldn't different types of bulbs be used in the same fixture?
TV Arcs with Cablebox through both Coax and HDMI
Why is the water from my cold water taps warm?
How to mount a pull-up bar to drywall on resilient channels?
TV Arcs with Cablebox through both Coax and HDMI
Could a high limit switch cause the furnace blower to run continuously?
How do I tie a new roof in to an existing roof with a pitch transition?
Why is my furnace blower running at low speed?
How to remove nails from concrete before putting down tile
Can I use a vapor barrier paint instead of polyethylene sheets to encapsulate my crawlspace?
GFCI Outlets Wired Inline 2011 NEC
Connect new footings to old footings
Electric Range Keeps Blowing its Fuse
How to deal with invisible mites?
What gauge wire/cord do I need for these outdoor lamps?
How to detach my stacking washer/dryer?
How do I correct variations in stain color/density?
How do I replace a leaky secondary water valve?
How do I fix a sunken floorboard?
Viewing cumulative electricity usage
Why is my voltage so low?
Low-voltage lights turn on then start to flash
Can you lay ceramic/porcelain tile over existing mastic without grinding the floor?
Is there a cheaper alternative to plexiglass?
How can I get 2X6X12's cut at a slight angle so I can build a level floor?
How should I fill gaps between floorboards?
How can I reduce vibration transfer to piled foundation?
How can I fix this crack in my porch foundation?
Where do I connect my C wire from my thermostat when there are two transformers?
Can Self Leveling Compound be Poured Over 2 Inches Thick?
Can I use an LED bulb in a incandescent only fixture?
Mounting a TV on a chimney breast
How do I remove the gluey residue left by gaffer tape on glass
How to GFCI protect bathroom lighting circuit
Types of floats and trowels for concrete
How can I clean an air compressor tank?
Which terminal should be used for a “C” wire when none are labeled “C”? Older electric furnace/heat pump
Attractive way to hide screw heads in 8mm oak
What should I look for in a battery backup sump pump?
Why does my GFI keep going off? Is it dangerous?
Can I use a toggle bolt if there's no space behind the drywall?
How do I fix a hole/gap between my shower tile and the dry wall next to it?
How do I determine/control which heat source is used (heat pump, oil)
Drill a large circular depression into a wood surface
Can I route an irrigation main through my basement?
Sump is sealed for radon remediation and doesn't drain water. What can I do for water drainage?
How do I properly place devices in an electrical enclosure?
long span shelf wtih no center support
What's the difference between a No.4 and No.5 hand plane
Wiring electrical outlets from a single outlet
Can I drill holes in septic tank risers to off-gas hydrogen sulfide?
Strange smell in August only
How to secure vinyl post caps?
How to attach a new sill to an existing concrete foundation
How can I level my bed?
What types of surfaces can I use ammonia or isopropyl alcohol for cleaning?
Should we use regular plywood or Lauan over fir strip sub-floor before laying vinyl?
Is it safe to leave light socket without a light bulb?
Can I replace a ceiling light fixture with a higher wattage one?
Should I change all floors or only one?
How to give ventilation/exhaust to an inner toilet without exterior walls?
What is the proper order in framing the basement walls?
Replace the Threshold of an exterior door
Does the estimated cost of this plumbing repair seem excessive?
thermostats for high desert climate
How to get the sunshine and sunlight in my house
Sheet material that does not adhere to wood glue
how do I repair broken pipe under foundation
How do weather conditions affect pouring a concrete foundation?
Grout has gone hard and I have not finished can I add something to it to soften grout to finish the job
Can I use an anchor on a deck for the spindles?
What materials can be used for moving shower walls?
How do I cut down a bathroom wall drain?
How do I glue glass top to a wooden base
Why is my 12VDC LED flood light flashing when powered by a LED magnetic driver?
Upgrading to LED Bulbs
Information resources for Traditional Japanese Homes
Subwoofer in a 5.1 surround Possible with outputs?
Is this swing beam safe?
how do I measure the glass on a patio door (glass replacement)
How can I get rid of mosquitoes?
Why won't my dryer tumble?
What can I do about slow running water in my Whirlpool refrigerator?
How deep do the footings have to be for a gazebo?
How can I fill wall screw holes so I can reposition the screws?
What could be wrong with my dryer timer?
Where to attach a storm window?
How can I remove a stud from a load bearing wall?
How can I mount heavy stuff on wooden studs?
How do you install the plastic/nylon toggle anchors?
Add water pump to outdoor fountain
Should I worry about these white marks on my exterior wall?
How do I ground a TV antenna on my shed with the cable running underground to my house?
Does driveway sealer have a curing time?
How can I calculate the rotational force and motor HP needed to lift a 5lb sheet from a horizontal position to a vertical position from one end?
Can I use the area above my garage for an extra room?
Can a freestanding bathtub drain be damaged by regular use?
GFCI with no loads attached and no downstream outlets trips with power restoration
How should I replace a 6 wire, 12 gauge electrical outlet?
How can I get warm water from my garden hose?
Do I need a vapor barrier in an exterior basement wall if I use purple drywall?
Replacing sill (bottom plate) of wall
How can I support a desk without legs or brackets
How do I silence or muffle creaky floorboards?
Can wireless ceiling fan controls work without a direct wire to a wall switch?
How do we frost-proof an outdoor faucet in a home with no crawl space or basement?
Installing a Bathtub that does not have a flange
Is it safe to run the oven without insulation around it?
why do my led lights stay on, even when the switch is off, and what does that cost to my bill
Pool pump plug trips when GFCI outlet receives power
How would I go about painting exterior brick?
Lights wont turn off after switching dimmer types and changed again
Is it difficult to work around cellulose installation?
How can I prevent hanging sliding doors from coming off track?
Can I build a 3 stage whole house water filter myself?
Should I replace bathroom OSB subfloor with plywood?
Should I replace all the copper pipe in my heating system with PEX?
How much water should be on my pool cover?
Can I change from a mortise lock without buying new doors?
Can a laptop cause an AFCI to trip?
How can I remove iron from water?
Can/Should I seal laminate "wood" flooring?
What is the lifespan of pvc cement?
What is an appropriate cut radius for a semi-circle bench for a 36" round table?
How can I 'share' lights between multiple circuits?
Is it okay to mix paint thinner with an elastomeric coating for waterproofing?
Central AC is Icing up, but not cooling my house
How do I shave down a sidewalk?
Old GE Fridge Wattage
How do I frame in the open front of a 12' high shop/garage building
Custom pocket door with insulation, water pipes and tile!
Why isn't my Empire heater blower working?
Can I replace an electric range with a cooktop and separate oven?
Why does faucet work one day and not the next?
Breakers tripping
Which should I use on a propane line?
What should I check after my kitchen cabinets are resurfaced?
Stress analysis for a wall mounted table/desk
How can I join two beams at a corner post in a historical building?
How should I insulate the ceiling between floors in a ski cabin?
Can I use flux core wire in a MIG welder that was designed to use argon gas?
How do I move a door hinge out 1/8" (door is too tight to the stop molding, makes "paint popping" noise)?
How to remove stuck Rawl bolts
Condensation running down pipe connecting furnace thru ceiling to chimney
Floating workbench
What could cause a foaming clothes washer standpipe?
Plumbers putty removal
B&D Roller door control motor 433MHz is able to be activated with other electronic devices, how can this be stopped
How do I reinstall round 6" duct pipe in my basement?
Why is my water expansion tank leaking?
My cabinets "stick"
Why would a circuit breaker not trip if I accidentally shorted hot to neutral?
What do I need to fire proof a room added onto a mobile home?
How do I find the end of speaker wire in a finished wall?
By-pass door falling off track
Should double glazing sit evenly in brick to brick window space?
What could be causing my garbage disposal to be so noisy after unjamming it?
What should I do about damaged electrical conduit?
Can I replace a bit of a cinder block wall with wood post to support a deck?
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle wires on Furnace Pressure Switch makes it work -- should I replace Switch?
How can I safely splice wires inside a lamp?
choosing a programmable thermostat: wiring and power
Can I use a 30 amp generator to power some parts of a 60 amp subpanel
Do I need a hammer drill to install brackets for drapes on a brick wall?
How do I fix the low water flow of my kitchen sink?
Need help tracking down possible open neutral
20amp breaker trips with NO load...Continuity between black & white wire at electrical box
bugs in kitchen
what is this wall box/bracket for?
How can I empty a bucket of stinky water under my sink?
How to control moisture in home?
Eliminate bed bugs from flat
Is it okay to use both the backwire holes and the side terminals on an electrical outlet?
Why won't my new ceiling light turn off?
How can I tell if the bladder in my water tank is damaged?
What is the laziest way I can build a non-structural, non-aesthetic cinder block wall to contain compost?
How can I connect additional wires to a receptacle?
What material is used to fill cracks in wood that looks black afterward?
How do I replace a sub-floor that goes under a wall before reaching the nearest I-joist?
Tools necessary for an efficient demo
Rating for the outlet does not match the breaker.
Will a rusty tool or bolt lying with other tools or bolts induce them to rust as well?
How to determine phase and neutral on a wall outlet?
Why am I showing 50 volts between neutral and ground?
Is Roof De-Icing Cable good for the roof?
Can I run a toilet drain on the exterior of my house?
Finishing nail gun vs impact driver
Well pump stops working after 30 minutes
Can I hold a Hammock up with Star Pickets?
Can I replace the main breaker in an electrical panel with a smaller one?
If I use a waterproof membrane, do I have to use tile?
Do I need anything over the wall board around wood trimmed garage door openings?
Reattach carpet to one wall - looking for advice/suggestions
What does it mean when one wire goes into load, and one goes into line
Why does my hot water smell like wood smoke?
When taping cement board do I need to tape at the walls?
How much volume is lost after compacting 3/4" crushed stone?
How to roof mount a small TV antenna?
How to strip paint off cast iron?
Should I have continuity between hot lug (at service in) and neutral bus with main breaker off?
What size extension cord gauge would I need for a 12 amp electric mower if the cord is 250 feet long?
What do I do if drywall screws won't penetrate the studs?
How do I wire challenging bath situation
how to drill a 2 1/2 in by 5 in long hole in wood?
How to wire GFCI outlet
What could cause a mobile home furnace not to light?
Fire escape stairs leads right up to my window, how can I increase security?
Should my A/C compressor come on when I turn only the fan on?
Should I replace an old breaker or add a new one?
How much weight can floor made of plywood over joists on concrete slab support?
My power strip has (what appears to be) a burn mark. What do I do?
How do I remove a stuck moen 1224 cartridge
What is a quick and easy way to disable a door so you can no longer use it?
What is this called?
Microwave not heating: Should I pay a contractor to diagnose?
Can I use diaphragm accumulators to maintain consistent water pressure?
Where do I need to drain the footing drain when I waterproof a basement from outside
Any "upright freezers" that have a water/ice dispenser?
Is using a thermal camera an effective method to locate mold & moisture behind finished walls in a basement?
Is there any way I can use regular dremel bits on a dremel trio?
How to fix concrete delamination
What grade of plywood should we use as subfloor under VCT tile?
How can I seal doors and windows to keep air out?
How can I build a mantel around my fireplace?
GE Load Center Q's
How can I repair a Whirpool washing machine that spins but doesn't agitate?
How to connect the wires when changing from standard to electronic ballasts?
How can I join two pieces of wood at 90 degrees?
Can I have a 20 amp breaker, 12 gauge wire, and a 15 amp switch?
Is it possible that a room ambient noise generator could reduce traffic sounds from outside?
How can I repair a desk with crumbled chip board where the cam bolt holes should be?
What "gravel" is composed of 50% clay, 25% sand and 25% small stones?
Can I run electrical wiring through basement ceiling joists?
I want to install veneerstone to a painted, dirty concrete wall. How do I properly prepare the wall?
Concrete Footing or Concrete Blocks For Footings
90% Humididty @ 23 Celsius direct from Air Conditioning Outlet
What wire gauge is needed to replace old wires in a vintage chandelier?
Painting walls after taking down wallpaper
Heating system won't blow warm air
Radon test results came back as 1.7 pCi/L, is it safe to exercise in my basement?
grounding wire from ceiling with no place to attach to the fixture?
How should I repair a new crack in the ceiling drywall?
Laminate flooring direction in large room
What type of insulation is needed for exterior walls on a brick house?
What gauge wire is needed to feed a 70 ampere panel 300 ft. away?
How to get rid of echo inside the apartment?
What is causing my AC to trip the breaker after running for about an hour?
Ground bar on sub-panel
Light bulb spins in recessed but won't unscrew
Can dried out joint compound be rehydrated?
Is this ceiling rose electrical wiring diagram correct for the lighting system I am implementing
How to open this smoke detector in order to change battery?
Dry wall and the damp course
Should I keep downspout extenders installed during the winter?
Washer Drain pipe too high - suggestions?
Home heating fuel comparison (wood and heat pumps)
Rust in gas flame area of water heater, should be replaced?
Any recomendations for low-voltage wires through walls?
How can I make an expansion joint in plaster?
Can I run 3 feet of water pipe in the attic for a rain shower?
Fit an existing frame into a bigger opening
Why doesn't the light in my ceiling fan work after changing a light bulb?
Do I NEED to remove the wood trim to sand and re-stain it?
Toxicity problems with using propane gas to pressurize water
Why does my heat pump keep triggering the high-pressure cut-off?
Wood Cladding Construction Technique
How can I prevent mold on the wall/particle board behind the kitchen sink?
I noticed this spacing on floor behind stove, seal it?
Is this mold on my AC vent?
Could a saturated drain field cause a toilet to back up?
Is it possible to convert 3 handle shower to single handle higher on wall without trim plate?
Why isn't my table built from lumber taking stain well?
How do I attach windows to a block wall covered with rigid foam insulation?
How to patch long strip on drywall?
What is considered "over a tub or shower" for a bathroom fan?
How can I remove residual adhesive that may contain asbestos from wood?
Plastic cage around LED GU10 socket
Do the junction boxes for the oven and cooktop whips need to be easily accessible or can they be hidden behind the oven?
How should I seal and insulate a crawlspace to mitigate radon and allow for storage in the space?
Dealing with non square wall and non-planable vanity cabinet
How can I toggle two wall sconces, without also turning off power to receptacles?
Suitability of flexible metallic conduit serving as ground
What's causing the smell in my basement?
How to get rid of cockroaches?
How to manage mold growing along the bottom vinyl window frame of every window in an R2000 home?
Is it safe to use a 100 watt LED bulb in a 3-way lamp that specifies using incandescent bulbs only?
How can I hang small weights from a drywall ceiling in a way that's minimally destructive?
How can I get a reasonable plaster finish in an awkward recess?
Combine evaporative cooling with ventilation to increase efficiency of temperature equalization?
Keep finding thermostat on heat
Why is my bath hot water not so hot now that I have new taps?
How to level bathroom plywood subfloor before tiling?
How do I stop water from coming out of the dispenser on the door of my refrigerator?
How to block wind between rooms
Electrical requirements for 3ph IR lamps
What type of wire for subpanel in attached garage?
How to add wireless capabilities to a doorbell button?
How to install a new pvc line on a fridge to an existing small plastic line?
What is the cause and fix to water slowly coming out of an outdoor faucet when its turned off?
What kind of bug is this?
Window "brakes" - What are these things?
What material to use to clog previously cut central heating pipes
Should I use caulk to fix cracking grout in a shower?
How can I grind and smooth a concrete table top?
2 prong to 3 prong outlet help
How can we prepare a nicotine stained room for painting without dangerous chemicals?
Can I just glue the "fin" thing back onto my dryer?
Can tree shade hurt a neighbor's house?
help and advice on shower renovation on existing slab
How can I hang a picture?
Why is one radiator TRV in the house missing the control?
How do I wire a 240 Volt 500 Watt baseboard heater?
Can a furnace with a variable speed blower be used in a multistory house?
Fixing an offset pilot hole in steel?
When wiring a mains plug, why are the cables squeezed under the screws and not circled around?
Should I set deck post footings deeply or use concrete footings?
Fireplace will not turn off
How do I wire this Leviton switch?
12v fan after power cut
Options for humidifier
Where do I connect the green wire from my dishwasher?
Will I be able to use the Unifix tool to repair a floating floor that was glued on the edges?
How do you find underground pipe and wires to a private well and how deep would they be?
Well Pump Runs Continuously
can I use 1/4" J Channel to mount 3/16" thick mirror?
Should I drain my winterized pool after a large rainstorm?
open neutral or something else?
Where to connect a c-wire on a furnace with existing two wire mercury thermostat
Is the skim coating on my ceiling ok?
How would you redo the grading of a brick patio?
Is stainless steel water piping more durable than copper?
How can I stop my basement from filling with water?
Why my gas stove delays in turning on?
Use less water with concrete water reducer?
Is a junction box "accessible" if it is mounted behind/above a recessed light housing?
Bed bug crawling - Prescience
Is it possible to control 3 light fixtures with 4 switches?
Is this HVAC capacitor dead?
Refrigerator leaks
How can I connect my 30 amp electric dryer to a 50 amp plug?
Must bathroom linoleum be sealed and water tight?
How can I adapt a wall outlet to suface mount conduit?
Top Loader Kenmore HE Washer with VERY LOUD whirring sound, not present at purchase
Particular wood filler suitable for oil finish?
Removing the cover for this light fixture
What is the easiest and most cost effective way to turn a 1 bedroom apartment into 2 bedrooms?
Is it possible to only use one color of an RGB LED strip?
Installing a deadbolt on a door with a circular hole for the deadbolt location?
fix for tall concrete steps
3 cables in one box wiring issue
How to install multiple individual led strips?
Can I install a humidifier on a horizontal duct?
What is the difference between a main panel and a sub-panel?
How should I connect my dishwasher if the wires are yellow and blue?
ComfortMaker GUH075 series high-efficiency (93%) furnace isn't making heat
I have CITY water. When I turn on my garden hose I have plenty of pressure, but after a few seconds the pressure drops substantially only outside
Do I need to remove these border stones if I want to regrade the soil next to my house?
How can I fix a patio with drainage problems?
How to get threshold screws out?
Why is the pressure vacuum breaker leaking while trying to blow out my sprinkler system?
What is the proper glue to use to bond two pieces of plywood together as a substrate for formica?
Questions about base under paver stones for a patio
Should I be worried that my ceiling light has current when turned "off"?
How can I add joists to an existing trussed ceiling?
Can I replace a GFCI plug with a regular duplex?
how to calculate sub breakers from the main breaker
How to remove a brass concrete anchor?
How can I eliminate unneeded receptacles?
Is it okay to install brick veneer directly to interior of a poured concrete foundation wall?
How many lights can be on one breaker?
Can I bury a propane tank 75 feet from my house?
What can I do about a basement window well that is filling with water?
What could have caused the hot and cold water to stop running in one sink, while all others are fine?
Is a double 60 amp breaker really feeding 120 amps?
Is it possible to create a better temperature controlling system?
Which of these is a suitable material for waterproofing interior walls?
Can I use an 11 watt bulb in a desk lamp that says "CFL max 9 watts"?
Will porcelain tile provide enough thermal mass for off peak heat storage?
Why is Green Glue used so much in the USA, but hardly used at all in the UK?
Can I move my washer and dryer within the laundry room?
How do I wire a switch with 9 wires in the box?
Marbles in marble dispenser get stuck trying to fit through hole
Is this too many items on a 20 AMP Breaker?
Which type of mortar or cement to set electrical box?
How can I insulate a room without tearing down walls?
What are my options for temperature equalization between two rooms?
How do I use flange spacers correctly?
How can I build a table into an alcove?
What is correct vapour barrier method for bathroom ceiling in a bungalow in Canada
Is it possible to tell if the current floor is solid or engineered hardwood?
Why does my boiler keep firing up?
Do I need an expansion gap around concrete laid inside a building
How can we get the temperature balanced in a dual zone house?
Microwave not heating - replaced magnetron; now what?
Best way to affix plywood to wood unit?
How do I connect a 24v air purifier to hvac?
What do the color designations of wire mean?
Do disconnect breakers have to be the same brand of breaker as in the main panel?
Can I use a 50 amp GFCI breaker on 15 amp circuit?
How do I prepare walls for wallpaper after removing wallpaper?
oval undermount lavatory sinks that'd fit 18.25" x 15.25" cutout?
What could cause this ongoing problem with my immersion heater?
Can I replace Halogen fixtures with these LED fixtures?
how many ring or radial socket makes a circuit
How to repaint a metal door and keep the paint from scratching off?
How should I wire multiple lights controlled by separate switches?
How can I paint galvanized metal?
How to build canted riser for queen mattress?
How can I get power to this garage?
Can I safely affix tile to a panel of plywood?
Can I have a washer, electric dryer, oil tank, and oil burner all in the same room?
Can I repair a plaster ceiling with drywall?
How can I prevent my dining table from tilting?
How to move/remove the bracing from this desk?
Can you install an LED floodlight in a regular ceiling fan?
Can I use a traditional router bit on a small concrete slab? And if no what can I use?
Can I use 1" XPS and fiberglass batts instead of 2" XPS insulation in my basement?
Can I use 1/4 inch cork to equalize floors before installing laminate flooring?
How can I get replacement floorboards to match existing floorboards?
Do receptacles require a 20 ampere breaker?
How can I replace an old dial thermostat on an oil furnace with Hydrostat 3250 Plus?
Can I add a 50 amp breaker for an arc welder?
Why do basement walls need less insulation than crawlspace walls?
Are entry door systems with lock release secure?
Why would the power only to the upstairs lights go off mysteriously?
Do I need a moisture barrier between sub floor wolmanit and engineered floating bamboo clip together flooring?
How can I stop the humming produced by my water heater blower motor?
What insulation should I use in my attached garage?
What is the name of this old glass pattern?
How to fix leaking basement window in foundation
What can I do about my kitchen sink that has clogged suddenly and completely?
Do we need to re-install tiles if it was exposed to water for 20 minutes after installation?
How can I deal with non square walls when installing a countertop with backsplash?
Should my first power saw be a circular or jig saw?
What could cause faucets to spit and sputter only in the fall/winter?
How do I properly nail two 2x4's at a 90 degree angle?
What kind of floor is this?
Can I work on resetting pavers on my patio after a heavy rain?
Where to attach the "C" wire to my furnace?
How to run electrical wire in concrete ceilng?
how to change furnace filter (bottom return) for Lennox G43UF
Furniture needs to be attached to the wall, but my tenancy agreement doesn't allow it
Will foam-filling this gap create problems?
What could cause my water tank to leak only when I turn off the main water supply?
How many 240 volt fluorescent fixtures can I connect to a 30 amp breaker?
What is the best method for carrying a 4x8 by yourself over tough terrain?
How can I get a flex-bit unstuck if the shank is stripped?
How should I mount relays in junction boxes?
What could be the reason for the Microwave door to have burning spots and smell after use?
What is best way to compact styrofoam and discard it?
How can I reinforce a wall mounted ikea shelf?
Can I lay tile over drywall that has torn paper?
Can I remove carpeting that covers a wooden floor?
Simple & Cheap dance floor instead of carpet
How can I determine what grade air filter is appropriate?
How can I determine why my lights flicker when the A/C is running?
Can a wall hung toilet in a basement be tied into existing drain from upper level or does it require dedicated drain?
How can I determine what's behind a wall?
What is like a door, but with a groove and two holes?
What is the unit dead load of concrete?
What diameter of Metal Gate posts are needed for a 10' x 4' tubal gate
What is the meaning of the letters on the top of a common hex bolt?
Why is the gas water heater pressure valve leaking after installing recirculation pump & old radiator?
How can I determine the style, design, and manufacturer of this tile?
How do I connect a C wire to an Utica PEG112CDE steam boiler?
How to repair a crack along the grain in a solid block of wood from a single tree?
How can I tidy up a hole in drywall that has pipes coming through it?
What size cap do I need for this steam pipe?
How do I install track for sliding closet door on laminate
How to fix a minor leak in situ
How can I repair a leaking shower?
What to do about a rotten top plate in the wall of old home addition?
Can I repaint and seal a window sill that has fungus growing out of it?
How can I fill a gap between the exterior wall and trim?
How can I fill a gap beneath windows?
How can I repair or hide dings and scratches on polyurethaned trim?
How can I install a kitchen drawer with only one side and no front beam?
How should I wire this ceiling light pendant?
How do you secure pre-built garage shelving to the frame?
Could I have poisoned myself by using my gas fireplace with the flue closed?
Could you explain this ceiling light wiring?
What should I do with the white wire when wiring a 240 volt garage heater?
Can fluorescent lamps work in low voltage grid?
How far down should sheetrock come in a shower tub installation?
What could cause the furnace blower to come on constantly and no fire in gas burner?
How can I avoid blotches when staining pine?
How can I control water and algae in drainage ditch?
How can I drill through very hard porcelain tile?
Can paneling and wallpaper be textured with drywall mud?
Should I be concerned if the toilet water level drops after a flush?
How can I stop a dishwasher water supply from causing the tap water to smell?
How can I remove a parking block from my garage?
Does this look like asbestos glue?
Can a GFCI receptacle protect other receptacles?
Could a loose connection be causing my ceiling fan to work intermittently?
Where should the main stack vent go?
U.S. NEC on adding wires in a finished ceiling
GFI safety on electrical outlet
Outlets not grounded? Remedy?
How should I connect an electric cook top to an existing dededicated 3 wire armored cable?
How should I clean under the narrow toilet rim to restore full flush power?
Can I extend attic vents so they don't get blocked by snow?
Heating zone not working when other 2 do
Why won't my recessed lights illuminate when they have power?
What should I do with an unfinished parquet floor during a two-year rental?
Is there a way to change this circuit so that the receptacles are not controlled by switches?
How can I transition from tile to stained concrete?
When replacing non-grounding type receptacles is a GFCI receptacle required, or can any GFCI device be used?
Does mirror like wallpaper suitable for a mini dance studio at home exist?
How do I run a 3 Phase/1hp TEFC motor off of a regular household outlet?
How do I fix a broken brass drawer pull?
How should I caulk aluminum capping where it meets brick?
Will a tarp over the deck allow me to paint the deck during a Seattle winter?
What does breaking the tab on the neutral side do to the outlet as a whole?
How can a ventless (gas) fire box be put in a wall safely?
Is it ok to run CAT-6, Coaxal, and HDMI near hot water pipes
How can I install a Honeywell RTH65800WF Wifi thermostat?
What's involved in moving a hot water tank to the garage
Circulator (grundfos or willo) vs water pump
Do I really need a redundant sump pump?
What could be the source of dirt in attic
Should I replace my house wrap when re-siding?
How to restore power after tripping a surge protection device?
Is AutoCAD knowledge all I needed to be a good designer of electrical drawing
How do I stop a dimmer switch from humming?
Are pull chains available for wall switches?
What is the importance of "breathable" home exteriors?
Can I branch off of a 2 pole 30 amp 10-3 wire found abandoned in a junction box?
How do you hard wire a garbage disposal?
How can I repair a hole in bathroom wall tile?
What is the black adhesive being applied between the veneer bricks?
Can I install tandem breakers in this panel, and would one 20 ampere circuit be enough for a garage?
Most bang for buck approach to insulating home
Bathroom fan/light switch with outlet
How do I remove the dome of this light fixture?
What connector should I use to connect LED light / driver to mains?
How can I totally smooth a wall surface without replastering?
How do we fit a pedestal sink top onto a vanity base?
How can I get the supply line brass valve seat on Pfister tub/shower mixer valve to stop leaking?
loosen a stuck screw
How to fix a pedal bin into a kitchen cupboard as a swing-out bin?
What could cause a recessed light to come on when removing the neighboring bulb?
How can I build a shed in two halves and join them without the roof leaking?
Could my drain be backing up in to my A/C condensate drain?
How should I install a french drain in this situation, and will it help?
How to make a basement warmer?
How do I wire a pull cord ceiling switch?
What equipment is required to install a generator?
Can I hang a TV with one stud and drywall anchors?
What can I do if I need another gang in a junction box but there isn't space in the wall?
How can I hang a ceiling fan on a cathedral ceiling without wiring or an electrial box?
Would a drain line being too low cause a problem for the washing machine pump to run dry and damage the machine?
should a double thermostat water heater have the same maximum temperature settings?
How should I control my garage heater?
Why is one bedroom colder than the rest of the house?
Can I use a 5 mil blue tarp as a moisture barrier over a dirt floor in a crawl space instead of poly sheeting?
How can I remove this screw?
How can I repair a broken pivot hinge for a vanity mirror?
How can I secure a wall-mount server rack?
What type of security sensors should be used in a three bedroom house?
How should I prepare a concrete slab for plank porcelain tiles?
Is it sane to use a normal router to cut drywall, approximating a spiral saw?
How can I wire a switch into an extension cord?
Would vinyl plank flooring allow liquids to leak through?
Which is better indirect or tankless hotwater heater
Why does my basement floor paint come off when it's wet?
How do I build a scratch-resistant computer desk for filming?
How can I modify my odd sized fireplace to accept standard size doors?
How deep should I bury a 4x4 steel post?
What could have caused an electrical shock from a concrete patio?
What kind of filler was used for this patio?
What are the grounding requirements for a panel fed from another panel?
How can I attach the frame of a bed to legs using carriage bolts?
No shower water until sink turned on!
What pump for a pond where sediment keeps restricting flow?
Can I convert a roll up garage door to a side-hinged door?
What kind of edging should I use between a patio and a French drain?
Is it OK to use 1/4" concrete backer board over 1/2" plywood as a bathroom subfloor?
How do I install a WiFi thermostat with a Well-McLain steam boiler?
Will using concrete anchors in wall studs cause problems?
Remove a screw with a broken head
Adding a "C" wire for a wireless theromstat
Where do I attach the rails for the keyboard tray on this desk?
Truth about high quality HDMI cables
How to remove a concrete-filled, steel bollard
How can I paint walls properly without sanding due to possiblity of lead based paint?
Sump pump & ejector pump: can I (and should I) change single dedicated non-GFCI receptacle to a dual receptacle GFCI?
How can I level a slab with floor drains?
Restarting toilet line after 50 years
Can I replace 3 switches with one 3 toggle switch
how do i flatten my hardwood?
Can I knock down this wall without the whole place collapsing?
Why are my LED bulbs pulsing/flashing?
How would I reverse yellow stains resulting from sealing a marble table top?
Should light temperatures be equal in all rooms?
How should I wire 2 switches that control 1 light and 1 receptacle?
Why is a new coat of polyurethane tacky?
Are mice dying in my loft?
Can I run two 15amp breakers (in a 70amp panel in my shed) off of a 20amp breaker from the main 100amp panel?
Finding a normal looking kitchen faucet with side spray and filter
Can I leave an open port when using push-in connectors?
How can I clean this metal box?
Can this 4'' PVC perforated sewer pipe be used for a french drain?
How can I open an Elco EL39ICA housing?
How can I use a 16A appliance in a UK 13A socket?
How do I correctly install ceramic floor tile?
How to seal p-trap leaking at inlet
What is the best type of 6 ft wood fence to block wind in a yard?
How can I remove humidity from a room without a dehumidifier?
How do I interpret the power supply specs for an electric convection oven?
What is the best position for a French drain between a wall and a patio?
What can I do about minimizing small shards of ice shooting out the ice dispenser on LG refrigerator?
How can I repair a cinder block wall around a sewer line?
How do I install a new header in an exterior load-bearing wall?
What masonry anchor should I use to install both window boxes and shutters into brick?
Do I bond an Air Admittance Valve to the pipe?
How to prevent rain grate on the garden from shifting or collecting debris?
What does a surge protector do that a breaker doesn't?
Is this a ground wire in my ceiling light canopy?
Best way to affix downspout to vinyl sided house?
What could cause a Trane furnace to not start heating?
How can I replace a NEMA 6-30 cord & plug with a NEMA 14-30 cord & plug?
What could cause my old gas furnace to keep cutting out?
What can I do to fix water coming up from floor drain?
How much old material do I remove before laying new rolled vinyl?
Would a surge suppressor at the main be a good idea?
How can I fill a hole in a brick wall so that it can be redrilled
How easy is it to change a B22 light fitting to an E27 one?
Why would only the top outlets work in my two kitchen receptacles?
Why does my Whirlpool washing machine stop after the wash cycle?
How can I replace a light fixture with a two way switch?
How can I get my gas fire pit to have a larger flame or better disperse heat?
An asbestos panel was removed without realising, how much danger are we in?
How can I make an exterior door?
What can I do if my toilet bowl fills with water, but doesn't actually flush?
Do I have to worry about condensation on plywood over rigid foam insulation in the attic?
Do all garage receptacles have to be GFCI protected, and 18 inches off the ground?
When pouring cement next to a home, how far below the mud line on a stucco home do you need to be to avoid water issues?
Would a 20 amp 240 volt panel from the main panel be enough for a laundry room?
What can I do about an old steam baseboard heating valve that wont turn?
Water tank and timer (UK)
How to install an electronic door lock?
How can I prevent water from puddling on a shower ledge?
Putting together a tool set for children 8-11
If flame sensor will affect Motor assembly's functionality of furnace? How does that work?
Should I use a separate system, or extend the existing system to heat a detached garage?
Does voltage play any role in choosing the appropriate wire gauge?
What are these male sockets called, and what are they used for?
Is it possible to move a vent from the floor to the wall without ducts?
At what temperature should an unoccupied house be kept at in winter?
How do I stop my toilet from backing up?
Where's the C terminal on my boiler control?
How to best patch cracked and hollow plaster
What could I be getting stuck on when drilling into a stud?
What type of refrigeration is recommend in a cabin with sub-freezing temperatures?
What type of bolt has a shoulder portion above and unthreaded region below threads?
Is this door closer okay, maladjusted, or broken?
Why is my hydro kinetics system blowing out cold air?
Can I change a 240 volt 40 amp outlet for an oven to two 20amp 240 volt outlets?
How can I hang a wall mount on misaligned studs?
Does this washing machine drum look good?
What is a line to neutral load?
Deactivate thermostat
Installing cardboard deflectors (baffles) in attic
Can I use a cantilever TV mount the other way around?
What should I do about water filling the excavation for a house's foundation?
Recommended screw fastener length
What could cause reoccurring leaks in a hot water pipe?
How can I intentionally make my toilet make this noise?
How would a professional flash this?
What could be causing a dripping noise in the ceiling?
Is it safe to use barn wood indoors for furniture, trim, walls and ceilings?
How to improve the drainage of a patio with 6"x6"x39" cement blocks used for edging?
How can I remove a stone fireplace that is attached to drywall?
Why is my new house making me sick?
Can you re-shape an internal brick wall feature?
Sill plates (thresholds) before floor tiles or otherwise?
Updating thermostats to single system
Baseboard heater and thermostat trouble!
Can an electrical junction box be closed and covered if not needed?
Reading the measurement of the slope of a floor
How can I stop suds from backing up in the drain line?
Should I use MDF, plywood, or something else when building a desk?
How to fix a spot on new Poly finish?
Can I install wood floor on adhesive left from old linoleum floor?
Can I connect an additional wire to HVAC system where all the terminals are full?
What material was used for the bedding of my patio?
Can I connect these two different types of drain material together? If so, what sealant should I use?
Can I winterize sprinklers by running them with the water off?
Can I install insulation over the HVAC duct work and plywood?
How should I run CAT6 wiring from one side of my house to the other?
How can I mount an electrical box to exterior foam board?
What bulb should I use in 4" recessed lights?
Will sealing ceramic floor tile in the bathroom prevent mold?
How can I insulate an already converted attic space?
Where to get the semi gloss black paper that is used to cover particle board furniture
Previous tenant did some shoddy DIY, should we be concerned?
My gas heater relief valve keeps blowing, is the circulator installed backwards?
Does it matter if my newly installed GFCI reads "open ground"?
How should I run cables through interior wall to garage?
Does this tub repair method sound legit?
What could be causing vibration in my furnace?
How much will a damper clamp increase my energy costs?
Why won't my washer turn off when breaker is off?
Where does the washer go when replacing this toilet seat?
Could my power strip have killed all my AFCI's?
How do I seal a gap between a concrete step and the entrance of the house?
How can I locate an electrical fault?
How do we properly insulate a loft ceiling with 2" by 4" without loosing space?
What could be causing the humming sound in my hot water radiator?
What screws for attaching 1/2" ply to 3/4" ply?
I was not able to get a smooth finish on a shower pan, how can I smooth it out?
What's the most cost effective solution for repairing a slab leak?
How do I wire this motor?
How much work would be required to repair this roof?
How can I repair a joint on the legs of my table?
Can I substitute two wires for one heavier-gauge wire?
Why did I have to change the wiring to use a smart WiFi thermostat?
Do you have to have a thermostat for an electrical baseboard heater?
Can I connect an indoor timer to lights split to 3 circuit breakers?
Will roof work done by unlicensed volunteers pass code?
How should I install flooring over fresh concrete?
Will canola oil have any adverse effects on silicone?
How can I be sure my water softener is working?
What type of adhesive should I use to attach metal to vertical tile?
What causes an open ground on a wall outlet when I turn on the light switch to the ceiling lights?
Can I regrade this gravel section of yard myself?
Why is this light fixture with 3 bulbs giving me so much trouble?
What type of switch will allow two lights to operate individually or all at once?
Should I install the exhaust hood outlet through the chimney or house wall?
Does C&M MX24 have a constant pilot light?
My sewer pipe makes a huge noise when flushed. Can that damage the pipe?
Why is my power flickering across multiple circuits?
Should I be concerned about water spilling behind tile wall?
Where do I install the recirc pump on a combi core water heater?
How can I extract a broken off 1/2 inch threaded galvanized pipe?
What does code 15 on a pennco gas boiler series 15b mean?
How can I control 2 lights with 2 switches so that both lights can't be on at the same time?
Is it okay to place two battery chargers on one 30 amp circuit?
How do I vent metal doors?
How do I hang drywall where the wood is uneven?
What does it mean if my Watchdog backup sump is flashing "Add Distilled Water" even with brand new battery?
How to fix dripping sound coming from toilets?
Could a pressurized fire sprinkler system be causing a loud sound?
Can I splice a main neutral in a new feed thru (meter panel) box?
Is it OK to have multiple different rooms on one breaker?
Is the water valve continuing to leak after I shut it off normal?
Are metal horseshoe nails an acceptable method of securing electrical cables?
What is this called (adjustable angle pipe footplate)?
How can I secure an outwardly opening front door without damaging anything?
Can a lower cabinet be used over a floor vent?
Can you have a GFCI breaker protecting a GFCI receptacle?
Where should I connect the C wire in a Janitrol furnace?
Storm door panel replacement?
How would I fix drooping ceiling tiles?
Hardware (clamp and/or spacers) to mount a horizontal pipe to a roof?
What can I do about small pools of water on my garage floor?
How do I put multiple lights on one switch on a timer?
Fast trick to figure out to where bathroom fan vents out
Would covering walls with a sound absorbing foam reduce the transmission of medium-high frequency fan noise?
Best household energy storage
How do I remove my old faucet?
How can I send a signal to a home server when the doorbell is pressed?
Where is my common wire on the unit?
Can one-way window film actually be a detriment to my windows?
Tongue groove wood flooring - oops, I cut them both off
How can I protect a vending machine wire from being cut again?
Is there any harm in turning my water heater to off or to pilot for perhaps six months?
What tube should I use for a kitchen rail?
What is the least costly way to finish the inside walls to a 16 X20 garage
Can you install slip nuts for the bath tub drain under the house?
How can I remove a stripped nut from a bolt?
What could be causing intermittent flush issues?
Could an unlevel furnace be causing noise from the blower fan?
How can I attach closet shelving supports where there are no studs,
How can I fix a broken "off" switch on a sump pump after overheating?
Why do CFLs stop buzzing when an incandescent light is added to the mix?
Can an outdoor receptacle be supplied through a GFCI in a bathroom?
How often do sewer lines collapse?
What type of room divider should I use to convert a dining room into a bed room?
How can I frame a mirror with trim?
Where to add C wire on this air handler?
How can I fix these cracks in my concrete/plaster wall apartment in Paris?
How can I connect a humidifier to a Goodman dual fuel heating system?
Can I use a fireplace that is setup for gas to burn wood?
How should I demolish the brick wainscoting on my house's exterior wall?
What can I do if my wood boiler keeps tripping the high limit switch?
Why would it matter whether a front-loading washer is upstairs?
Will the highlighted legs bow?
Why are the contractors leaving lambs wool fibers in my floor finish?
When is it appropriate to use a wood rule rather than a tape measure?
Is there a sure way to know a PVC joint is glued right?
Do I need to shut off the gas to my water heater, when I shut off the cold water intake to fix a leaking hot water faucet in my basement sink?
Can I use the existing rigid copper plumbing when replacing a water heater?
Is it possible to install backer-board on a curved surface?
Will enclosing my porch keep my house warmer?
Why do utility companies sometimes offer incentives for having equipment that uses less of their product?
Convert pair of 3-way switches to a one single-pole with neutral
What is causing the clothes washer GFCI to trip?
streamlined snow shoveling
Is it really such a terrible idea to have original pine floorboards in a bathroom?
Tile over brick...with a problem
What does a novice DIY'er need to know before building a wall higher than 8' (14.5' feet to be exact)?
How to replace recessed halogen light from an eyeball fixture?
How can I close off crawl space vents for the winter?
Where should I install the water softener?
Why would a dimmer start buzzing when some lights are broken?
Best way to stop cold air coming in from fireplace
How can I add a ceiling light fixture to my apartment?
Is there any way to stop the air leak through my furnace without compromising its operation?
How to wire and hang chandelier over table
Can I hang a mirror by anchoring into furring strips?
How to make drawers close softly?
How can I safely get rid of the odor caused by EasyOff oven cleaner?
What's the strongest way to tie drywall into Rock-Lath/plaster with an embedded mesh?
What is causing this water on the drywall and how concerned should I be?
How can I level a sagging concrete floor in a condo building?
Will removing subtreads and risers that are attached with construction adhesive and nails damage the stringer?
How to wire in an alternate light controller?
How can I hook up my dishwasher drain properly?
How can I cover a wood stove pipe where it passes through the second floor?
What type of squeegee should I use when oiling a floor?
Why won't my electric baseboard heaters work?
How can I remove the condensate pump from a Miele dryer?
Did I wire this thermostat properly?
How do I weatherstrip the bottom side of my sliding patio door?
How can I avoid streaks from a paint sprayer?
How would one extract a brick chimney embedded in the middle of a house?
What type of water filter cartridge is right for drinking water in NYC
What could be causing water to leak out of the overflow hole from the bottom of a sink?
What type of 6ft fence should I get, that can take a lot of high winds?
How can I avoid hitting wood when cutting through drywall?
How to skim (plaster) a tight corner under stairs?
How long should the hot water last during a shower?
How can I temporarily stop a bathroom water leak?
What is the best way to replace a large section of 3/4" plastered drywall?
How should a section of cast iron piping be replaced?
What type of insulation can be used near knob and tube wiring?
How do I slope a patio toward one of its corners?
Can I output video single wire RCA signal out of 3 composite ports?
How to take down a lath and plaster ceiling
What tool do I need to remove this screw?
How can I install laminate flooring without removing base molding?
Why wouldn't a 130 volt BR 40 bulb work in my recessed light fixture?
What is the smell coming through my HVAC system?
How do I identify the hot, neutral wires in a light fixture?
How should I anchor a hand railing to sandstone steps?
What gauge wire do I need to supply 15A to small building 440 ft from the main house?
Should I remove my air conditioner for the winter?
Why would I have two wires feeding one smoke detector?
What is "sealing compound" for attaching a sink
How can I prepare my home to be vacant for a month?
How do I replace rotten Subfloor under a supporting post
Is it ok to use a rotary hammer to make a hole in the sub dirt wall of my basement?
Should I include an expansion joint between steps and a foundation?
Why is there no water after replacing the filter in a Samsung refrigerator?
How can I tackle thermal downdraught?
Replacing Load-Bearing 2x4 wall with beam and posts - Basement
Can I install two p-traps into one drain
Can I use this aggregate for bedding for my patio?
Low hot water pressure in one fixture after water heater replacement
How does one fix an unlevel, poorly-supported floor when you can't access it from underneath?
How do I insulate my garage ceiling?
Why would I have hot water at one faucet but not the others?
Just bought a house, 70 years old, want to upgrade 2 prong outlets
Why isn't this 3-way wiring working?
How can I remove the switches that control outlets?
How would you grade this patio?
Can I cap the air return in my unfinished basement?
Why would changing ceiling fan speed cause an AFCI breaker to trip?
How can I run cables along a concrete wall?
Is the proposed solution to this masonry project okay?
How do I manage possibly lead containing paint flakes?
How can I unclog a toilet that is clogged due to non-toilet paper?
Why does a subpanel need separate ground and neutral?
Why would i have 20 volts a.c.running through my plumbing
How can I replace this corroded metal P-Trap with a new PVC trap?
Can I install used hardwood flooring?
Is it safe to use my oven with no light bulb in it at all?
How can I fix a cabinet to plasterboard with brick wall behind?
How can I muffle a loud doorbell?
Is it possible to replace a switch with a receptacle?
Should I tile or carpet first
My attic unit already has a wire connected to C, can I still connect a wifi thermostat?
What type of tube does this fitting take?
How can i increase the temperature of my student housing shower?
How can I isolate grounded (neutral) conductors in a panel?
How can I fix a floor joist that has separated from the cross beam?
How do I connect a ceiling fan without a light kit?
Why does my toilet make a low-pitched moaning noise when it refills?
Why would our kitchen faucet hot water stops working intermittently when it gets cold outside?
How do I winterize this sprinkler system
How can I connect the wire that goes to the grounding rod to the grounding electrode system?
Is sealing via tape necessary for knee wall foam board insulation.?
What kind of caulk should I use for sealing windows to drywall?
How can I identify a neutral wire?
How to stop my mobile home's new doors from leaking when it rains?
How can I install a regular light fixture where a ceiling fan used to be?
Is it safe to use an HVAC system even though the duct wrap contains asbestos?
Can a termite inspection report declare a house irreparable?
What parts should I replace for a rusty facuet head?
Why would an old fridge trip a circuit breaker?
Is it possible to move a front door?
How can I build custom air ducts for an in-wall heater?
DIY Home Automation
What could be causing my sink and dishwasher to back up?
What is required to connect solar panels to my home without connecting to the grid?
Can you wire a 30A 2P standard circuit breaker "downstream" from a 60A GFCI 2p circuit breaker?
How do I prepare exterior concrete walls for painting?
How do I dry up a stucco wall that presents efflorescence?
Does anyone have experience with small heat-recovery air exchangers?
How can I prevent a bathroom fan from vibrating?
How to fix plaster on ceiling due to screw coming loose?
How can I repair a hole in wood laminate kitchen countertop?
Door lock and unlock based on authorized user proximity
Detecting cigar/cigarette smoke levels
What device can remotely close a water main?
Reliable, inexpensive way to be notified of a water leak?
Why is a neutral wire needed for most 'smart' light switches?
Best way to remove anchors from concrete?
Why does my Trane only blow cold air when the system is set to Heat?
How Can I Attach a Box to an inside wall that will the hide internet router without damaging the wall?
How to fix a slow draining sink?
How can I seal old Jalousie windows?
Are uninsulated steam pipes behind walls and touching beams a fire hazard?
What is wrong with my gas furnace?
Can I use this hose with my air compressor?
Any way to determine capacity of old washer/dryer?
How do I wire my dishwasher and disposal back to my house wiring?
Can a load on the line side ever trip a GFI?
Any way to mount this diffuser without screws?
How can I convert a shadow box fence to a solid fence?
Why won't my garage door remote work unless I push the button to turn off the light first?
How to increase the height of a wooden cabinet?
What types of tools are required for making wood toys and models?
Do wires need covering when plastering?
How do I calculate the length of a ladder I need to reach a certain height?
What should I use to cover the walls of an alcove for a water heater?
Verizon FIOS battery warning beep
How do I remove huge gluey sticker tape on glass?
Why won't GFCIs indicator light show on plug?
How should I prepare a sub-floor for porcelain tile?
Can I somehow wire my generator to my power pole?
Why does my new light fixture trip the circuit breaker?
Does air trapped in water pipe disturb the meter reading?
How to Stop GFCI tripping when current drops too quickly?
How should I remedy bowed floor joists?
What could be causing my Lennox furnace to blow cool air?
Which wires go where in this non-standard GET dimmer switch?
How can I reinforce an entertainment stand for an aquarium?
What could be causing the copper green smells in my house when the furnace turns on?
How can I remove construction adhesive from finished wood flooring?
How can I fix pinewood flooring that got skewed after oiling?
What gauge wire for long run from power supply to LED light strip?
Is it a problem that the entire element in my electric oven is not red?
How can I determine what size and type of filter is required in my air handler?
Can I plug a generator into a dryer outlet
What could be causing my kitchen drawers to be sliding out?
Should I trim or bend the lip to a strike plate?
will using a ventilation system with an heat exchanger give me the same quality air indoors as outdoors?
Can I install false LED light bulbs in a chandelier to reduce the total light output?
How can I stop an in-the-wall air conditioner from leaking air into the home?
Should there be a grounding conductor between my meter and panel?
How far in from the wall do the first brackets go when hanging closet rod?
How many outlets can you have on one 15 amp circuit?
Is it possible for the black wire to be hot but to create reverse polarity in a GFCI?
How to remove old multi turn water inlet valve
Can fluorescent recessed lighting with four wires be converted to a two wire incandescent socket?
old.house.wiring
How can I locate the leak in my roof?
What are those resin filled holes on outside walls
How should I ground a GFCI to a metal box?
How to pull toothbrush out of the sink?
Are portable electrical outlets permitted in a basement?
How can I repair a ceiling fan that hums, but doesn't turn?
How should I repair a hole in an attached garage?
How can I stop a water leak in my basement?
Is this patch panel used for phone, security, or data?
How to remove lawyer bookcase glass door?
How to remove lead-based paint?
How to tidily restore a sandstone fireplace
Where do I connect the C wire in my furnace?
Ceiling cracks appear and worsen over weeks. Self repair or professional?
Remotely tracking room temperature with smartphone, tablet or laptop
Home automation depending on who entered the home
How can I determine what size pressure pump and tank do I need?
How to make bathroom tiles non slippery
How can I figure out where air is getting into my water supply?
What temperatures are normal in this area of my furnace?
Asbestos in my furnace closet - should I get rid of it?
Honeywell WiFi Smart Thermostat Wiring
Plumbing: Two control points for shower
Can I enclose my new boiler in a closet?
remove protruding brick on LR chimney
How to remove this door knob on the mortise lockset?
What steps do I take to painting a brick wall mural?
well pump keeps turning on and off every few seconds
dripping sound inside wall
Is their a Radiator Safe expanding Foam?
Newly installed 4" halo can lights have a slight odor when on
Is peel and stick vinyl tile flooring really waterproof?
Replace stacked 3-way switched on separate panel circuit
Can I use #16 duplex wire extension to a 2800 watt chop-off cutter?
With registers fully open I have unbalanced air flow upstairs vs downstairs
Strip on side of window letting cold air in
Inconsistent Garage Door Open Remotes
How do I fill the hole caused by removing a door plate on a metal door jamb?
How to wire three-way switches to light fixture with a fan?
Basement supporting wall header increase
Why does my kitchen sink not drain properly after I don't use it for a while?
Installing an 18kg (40lb) projector screen onto a concrete ceiling
Is it ok to use a shower that just has the backerboard installed and not yet tiled?
House slightly uneven floors almost everywhere
Can I add a dimmer switch for lighting to a GFI circuit in Kitchen?
Is the Nest thermostat smart enough to turn itself on BEFORE you get home?
How to check issue with gas fireplace?
Should I cap one vent in a two vent stack?
Which mortise lock/brand I should get to replace this one?
How can I install Z-Wave switches in these different situations?
How to attach metal knife rack to tile without ruining tile?
How do I check if this furnace switch the blower to second speed
Wiring a double oven on a wall opposing the wiring?
How many posts for a shed?
replacing flooring under walls (2nd story)
How can I repair this rotted section of wood siding?
We have used Filter sand for construction , Is there a problem in this sand?
Tile Shower Surround—Cement Backerboard Location?
How can I safely remove stick-on tiles that are on top of asbestos tiles?
Wiring light switch with neutral (Z-wave)
PVC vent pipes or concentric vent pipes for tankless gas water heater?
Why is my shower not draining, even though there is no physical blockage?
LED problem with recessed lighting
Outlet side of my cast iron radiator is cold. What's wrong?
Is it okay to connect 2 ground wires to a single ground screw?
Can non-metallic cables pass through one large opening at top of electrical panel?
Diagnosing low faucet flow: Single faucet
Baseboards on wavy wall
Need some help removing a kitchen sink drain
Can we capture the hot, humid air from a gas-powered clothes dryer during winter?
How can I seal air leaks and otherwise winterize, as a renter?
Very old furnace- I need a technician to inspect it-What would be a good check up list?
What can I use to fill a 5mm gap between a PVC window frame & a double-glazed window pane that it too thin?
What could be causing my furnace burners to fire up, then shut off due to partially open door?
What size electric service do I need?
How to fix dry wall side of newly fitted tiles shower wall?
A professional to test asbestos safety in furnace ducts
Plumbing: Dual volume control valve WITHOUT mixing
With no load on a circuit, I measure approx 15volts
Why would a GFCI trip on refrigerator circuit?
What is a good reference book for cabinetmaking and/or other millwork?
Double Oven Wiring
why does my house have a 4 inch vent stack going out the front?
How can I secure wire fished between two plastic switch boxes?
Why does my whirlpool ice maker make ice, quit for several weeks, then start again?
Why do my Christmas lights have a white polyester filament inside the thin rubber wire?
Can I change the fire rating of 1/2 inch drywall?
How would I connect several speakers to an amplifier for multi room sound?
Rewire Metal Halide Security Light to Use Standard Bulb
How can I move hot air from a cathedral ceiling to colder bedrooms?
How much heat loss through bathroom fan vent?
I have a number of sagging drawers due to broken rear brackets on sliding drawers. Can anyone help me find replacement brackets (pictured below)?
which layer of rigid foam should i caulk when insulating rim joist?
Why am I reading 20V at the receptacles on one household branch circuit?
Can I move second-floor duct-work from the floor to the attic
Tape or corner bead where Hardi meets Drywall?
Can rigid foam board have an air space between it and rim joist?
How do I replace the toilet shutoff valve?
Can I install wood stair treads over old Linoleum
Remove tile, or not when changing from range vent to a microhood?
How to correct possible subfloor l/360 deflection under live load, when basement below is finished
Mount metal letters to a wall so that they are removable
Shower periodically loses hot water, and then the bath faucet will be scalding
Heat radiators not all working
Is it normal for uPVC window shutters to be pre-fitted to the frame at the factory or not?
How do I widen a hole in my porcelain kitchen sink?
Can I use Eneloop batteries in my thermostat?
Gable venting a bathroom fan and kitchen range hood
Removing a leftover oil-burner safety switch?
Fire proofing walls with Aluminum Foil Tape
Paint drying time around doors and windows that have condensation
Mounting Full Motion Mount on a Single Stud
Is there a reason not to connect the ground wire to a chandelier?
Mounting a 32" LED TV to Dry Wall without Stud Support
Should I be concerned about power leakage through a Z-wave switch?
Is it OK to Pressure Wash Brick
How can I extend a circuit so I can plug in my under cabinet lighting?
What could cause my bathroom exhaust fan to stop working?
Can I put a thermostat on my wood burning furnace?
Why is there increased dryer motor hum while powered by a generator?
Mount Gas Oven Range
Water heater refuses to light after power outage
My water heater pilot turns off after about an hour
Ceiling Light Wiring Confusion
How wide can a sliding door be open, before it becomes a security risk?
How should I connect a grounding wire from a device to this box?
Can you install grouted floor tile over padding?
Retractable Steel Swing for Elderly Father
What are the code regulations for stairs off an exterior french door?
What size power supply do I need to connect two 5 meter LED strips?
Christmas lights haunting me
Is there a danger of back flow from water heater while replacing a saddle valve?
New garage door opener, can't push door down, rail buckles up instead
Replacing moen moentrol shower trim
What type of bulbs dim to lowest setting?
How do you connect one generator to two separate boxes?
Mold in my bathroom is spraying bleach and painting over with Kilz enough?
Insulating near a breaker box
Uneven/big gap between door and stop trim weatherstip will not seal
What different types of remotely controlled light switches exist?
How to Convert an Undersink Filter System to an Above Sink System
Blower fan speed selection
baseboard heat noise
What is the neatest way to run power to Somfy motorized window blinds?
Is there a good reason NOT to reuse the power cord when replacing my electric range/oven?
Is it okay that framing in houses is sloppy?
How do I wire a switch and light so I can add a fan later?
How to remove mirror stickers from a painted wall?
What is the name of the device that allows switching between two power sources?
Drain clogged by grout
Sub panel cable feed code
Water under the vapour barrier in the attic
Bypass the Timer FM-DS3(e) on Hyundai heater
Why do electricians prefer not to use the push-in connections on receptacles?
Re-use circuit breaker handle tie?
Sub panel and neutral and ground bus bar
Do I need to shut off gas water heater if I turn off water?
Gas furnace air is cooler (but NOT COLD) during bitter cold days - why?
When is it appropriate to use push in connections on typical american electrical outlets?
Soundproofing my bedroom door
How can I connect dishwasher waste pipe to sink waste pipe?
Fixing glass onto a porch roof
Soundproofing a room from outside traffic noise and vibrations
Black and Decker drill bit set with Kobalt drill?
What is the power consumption of my LG refrigerator?
How to bore a hole from inside the crawlspace?
3-way switch w/ dimmer
What sheen of paint is most commonly used by builders?
Fragile paperback on cellar ceiling batts
Circuit breaker keeps popping, how do I troubleshoot?
What would be the most economical way to run wire for a driveway light?
Need help with install for weil mclain oil boiler
Tighting taps under kitchen sink doesn't cut off water supply
How do I change an old 3 round pin socket to a square pin socket in a newer house?
Curtain to hide storage under stairs
How do I get acceptable water pressure when using two faucets on my 1/2" water main?
temperature pressure valve leaking
Crack in plaster ceiling
Downgrading from a dimmer to a switch
Water main entry change from1/2" to bigger to change pressure
Running a bilge pump from a wall outlet?
What could be causing my gas fireplace to shut off?
have power at outlets and lights, with only hot connected from panel..,, whats going on?
Hang a floating mantel
Was fitted carpet installed correctly?
Help me understand electricity - is the neutral always dangerous?
Wiring a ceiling light fixture. Too many ceiling wires!
Wiring a rocker switch with pilot light so light is on when switch is off
Reusing Old Gold Course Screws on a New Project
Best way to remove textured wall (joint compound)?
How do I eject a bit from a Wiha 38600 screwdriver?
Which is the outlet test port on this valve (VR8204A)
Typical general purpose sledge hammer weight?
Mount Pull-up bar from wall to wall
Flood lights and Home Automation
Is it a problem if the framing is 4" short of the edge of slab foundation?
Changing radiators to radiant wall heating
How do you wire a 3 switch box in a bathroom?
Why does my dishwasher back up my sink?
Is it safe to combine Christmas miniature light sets of different amperage?
Repairing concrete block on inner part of basement
Is 6/2 Romex the correct wire gauge for a 100' run to a workshop?
My dryer vent was setup to go thru the wall, up 2 stories, to my roof
Will a Broan 750 fit in the same cutout as a NuTone 8664RP?
Can I mount an over the range microwave in a cabinet?
how can I drill a 1/2" diameter, 1/2" deep hole in 3/4" particle board?
Should smoke alarms be on AFCI circuit?
What is break down of amps on household usages plugin,lights ect
Replaced outlet, no power to that circuit
Toilet Water Shoots upwards When Flushed like a volcano erupting
Ceiling Fan and separate ceiling light fixtures
Can I use #10 wire instead of #12 when wiring a new house?
How do i clean porous natural stone tile?
Best way to air seal, vapor seal, and insulate exterior wall in old house?
Can I use romex in my unfinished, detached garage or should I use MC?
How can I rewire a three-wire ceiling fan installation where there is a two-wire set up?
Why the huge difference in cost for Tankless vs Traditional Tank water heater installation?
how do i improve the temperature of my sons room?
Breaker box one 120 slot left but need one for a second 220 or 240 breaker.
Strange sink behavior -- sink fills partially then drains at a normal pace
Help please!!! Screw won't loosen?
New GFI receptacle will not reset after connecting load wires
Hoover windtunnel bagless vacuum stopped spinning only when it is not on upright position
New Whirlpool washing machine has locked door and non responsive buttons
Replace toilet flange in a sanitary tee
Low ceiling clearance non load-bearing door opening question
Can thinned water based polyurethane be used for blotch control?
Kitchen faucet leak worsened after O-Ring replacement
Weapon for scorpion hunting?
Adding a mast to a house
How to design unit with 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 1 laundry, 1 kitchen and 1 living room that has very open space?
light stays on even after disconnecting switch
What is the fastest way to remove adhesive from ceramic tile?
Roofing solution for "dead valley," where one plane goes into side wall?
Can the knock test tell you whether a stud is wood or metal?
Possible to make a bathroom floor veneer with A4 Paper?
New gutters are making lots of noise
Software to keep track of renovation
What's the best way to fix skirting board without nails / screws?
Upgrade from outlet/switch combo to GFCI + outlet
How to reconnect disconnected elbow in waste pipe?
GFCI Outlet trips when white and copper wire touch
I have a slantfin hot water furnace ,it goes on then shuts off every 2 min until. It reaches the set temp
wiring issues in ceiling light
How long should thinset dry before gluing up tub surround?
Radial circuit vs ring main
Does a whole garage door need to be replaced if the middle bracket broke?
Can IKEA FRAMTID built-in microwave be installed in a 24"-wide cabinet?
can i safely turn on my heat with my water not turned on in my house
toilet slow to flush with bubbles from the jet
Square tube or C-channel for gate frame
Closing off heating ducts
How should I orient the laminate flooring in this room?
How can I find out why my washing machine trips the outlet?
I have Direct tv plugged into a gfci protected receptacle. All of the receptacles on same circuit will go dead, but not trip the gfci. Why?
My lennox furnace has no filter
Installing short 18"- 24" threaded black pipe for lp gas line in wall
How do you change baseboard heater to cast iron radiator
Should a copper central-heating water pipe be mortar-ed in when passing through an internal wall?
How do I wire receptacles for a washer and dryer on a new circuit?
Plumbing connections for basement bathroom
IC housing and non-IC trim compatibility
Better to have single butt joint or 2 tapered joints when hanging drywall?
Low voltage under load from main line
How do I fix this light fixture now unstuck from the ceiling?
greenish gray mold on wooden window frame
Unblock a drain after using too much baking soda
What do the letters mean in sandpaper grading?
Are two prong metal space heaters safe?
Craftsman garage door opener works intermittently
Rim Joist Insulation without a Sill Plate
wiring furnace draft inducer fan
New Samsung Washer Smells
Well pump circuit keeps tripping the breaker
Why did my freezer stop freezing after being unplugged for several days?
Bench soldering copper pipe into a subassembly
How do I trouble shoot powerline issues to my home?
Why do small vents at top of garbage disposal blow out water when sink drains?
garden network and power cables
Hardie Board Subfloor—Thinset or No?
What kinds of gloves should be used for working with mortar?
Should I redo this wall to avoid a mold sandwich?
How can I cut and cap a hot water supply line that has no shut-off after the HWT?
splicing a 25 pair telephone riser
When using a hand saw, why does my cut keep wandering off the line? (originally posted by glw)
Adding outside wood boiler to oil furnace
Converting two lights from one switch to one light from one switch?
Can you add a cable connector in knockouts in a breaker box after the wires are already in place?
Can I get continuous power from a light controlled by a switch?
How to remove glue from ceiling
Use a 110V switch to activate a 3-phase motor 240V
Is baseboard important? (and 3 choices for trim on wall-to-floor transition)
When is it ok to sand against the grain?
Is my two-way switch installation easily fixable?
PAR 38 LED in a PAR 30 recessed can
What type of air hose should I use?
How can I make a sunken electrical outlet line up with an outlet cover?
Troubleshooting outdoor electrical outlet
Water seeping through my foundation in the garage - what is the source?
All Bathroom lights on same circuit flicker
Small leak in 1 inch buried PVC water line
What can I do about a saddle valve that won't turn on?
How can I remove 1/2" PVC pipe that has broken off inside a 1/2" elbow?
What makes a certain fixture burn through bulbs?
Four family home with community washers and dryers
rigid foam board in basement with exterior guard overkill?
Window for shower
What alternatives to R20 bulbs can I use?
Christmas Lights on a Metal Roof
dimmensions of a decora insert
Why won't this 3/8 male connector for a natural gas dryer fit a 3/8 female connector?
water running but wont run hot through the kitchen only
Thermostat needs to be set very high to work
Electric water boiler .. how is the system supposed to work? (UK)
Are my outlets unsafe?
3 way circuit options to indicate if circuit is active
sliding door leaking air, is it installed correctly?
A bass tone is coming out of the toilet
How to tell that projector needs bulb replacement?
Can I put a LED tube in a high frequency ballast fixture without removing the ballast?
What finish type is most often used for furniture drawer interiors?
What could be causing there to be no power at my ceiling fixture?
How can I reconvert a natural gas fire from propane back to natural gas?
Can I insulate my exterior walls myself using blow-in?
How can I cover up wood floor stain spill damage?
Can I convert a 240V dryer to 120V?
How should I wire a switch/outlet combo to a split outlet if the feed is at the split outlet?
Washing machine has sand and leaves in it after someone did a load
Are there differences to drywall joint compound and plaster?
Can you use a hopper gun to spray finishing plaster?
LED Light Strips on bunk beds
Should I add wood sheathing to a metal roof car port?
How to eliminate water in crawlspace
How to shine a dull mark on granite worktop?
How can I remove stinky radiator water from a rug?
Kitchen Remodel Order of Operations
Chair leg placement
How can I install a switch to power a bathroom TV off safely and discreetly?
Will big box home supply stores cut Zinc-Plated Slotted Angle pieces to size for customers?
Hooking up a home theater system with both analog and digital devices?
What do I need to do to extend the width of a doorway?
Why won't my ceiling light turn off?
How does an illuminated switch light up without a neutral
How do you troubleshoot a baseboard heater that is not heating up?
Need advice to prevent runoff water from going into neighbor's yard
What to fill the cut in quartz counter top with?
How can I keep my neighbors water from leaking through a wall?
TV wall mount ripped out, repair help please
Plugs won't stay in wall receptacle
solar tubes to heat room
When do tankless water heaters need to be descaled?
How do I figure out what this 30amp 2 pole breaker is doing?
Lutron LED/CFL Dimmer switch turns lights off the wrong way, up is down and down is up. What's the problem?
How to Install a Techno Flange
Are there any health concerns with using copper green wood preservative indoors?
How to repair an electric outlet which died while running a carpet cleaner?
What are the metal parts which are placed against circuit breaker switches used for?
how to light up ten (10) led downlights with each having 14w power consumption?
What would cause a chainsaw to only start when trigger is pulled?
Is it ok to lubricate exercise equipment hydraulic cylinders?
How do you hard wire a lamp socket to the ceiling?
kitchen faucet is stuck and we need help
If walls and floors aren't exactly perpendicular, which side should I align tile with?
NM cable next to hot water pipe
Water entering into fireplace during rain
insulating rim joist
how to insulate attic bathroom vent to prevent condensation
Device to detect where heat or cold air is escaping or entering a structure
Outdoor electrical outlet exposed to the rain
Wooden bed sidebar to headboard screws loose, wobbly joints
Replacing a gas stove
standalone pump options for leaky below-grade room
Would you trust this PVC drain joint?
how to hook up 2 thermostats in series?
Replacing a door's glass panel with a wood panel
Can I use a Directv 4 way splitter to connect to an over the air TV antenna?
Electric water heater leaks around the top, how do I fix it?
What is the difference between a lacquer polish and a varnish
would a bathroom without a gfci outlet be a violation in a rented appartment
