How to read an image in Scilab
Trying to translate formula for blending mode
inverse Fixed point number (number^-1)
Measure of intermittency/continuousness of a signal
Continuous time-domain electrical signal that only has a finite number of possible values
Correct image rotation/scale/moving change
Why dont sin and phase shifted cosine overlap?
How to get spectrum of an image?
3D effects like HTC One Dimension plus
How does time shift correspond to phase change in a discrete signal?
What type of correlation is this equation?
Image objects dispersion and diversity measures
FFT for bearing fault analysis
Issues in generating AR model with a constraint
How to choose a FFT algorithm?
Feature extraction/reduction using DWT
TDE, OFDE and FDE equalizer simplest exmple in matlab
Canny non-max suppression intro
Simulate a simple multipath channel for OFDM Modulation test. MATLAB
How to segment with false edge in in image?
Can I compute signal-to-noise ratio on a vector-valued or multi-channel signal?
Computing impulse response for system with feedback terms
How to find peaks and periods?
Input image size in MATLAB
Role of the rank of the filter mask matrix in image processing?
FFT of a pure sine wave is not a single peak
Can Morse Code be encoded using "silence" for dots and dashes?
The relationship between zero level set and thickness information
it it possible that absorption appears in the power spectrum of a non man-made system?
Feature for exact matching of images
Generating a time series given a transfer function
How to calculate BW ofdm?
Can the Fast Fourier transform be used to compute the magnitude of moiré
Techniques to reduce delay in detecting face from video using vision.CascadeObjectDetector in matlab
comparison between frequency offset estimators
Computing shifted signal without first reconstructing
How to make color balance of photoshop using opencv
What is the impulse response for 2D functions
How to Smooth Gradient Estimates for Steepest Descent Optimization
Introductory book on time-frequency analysis?
Low Pass FIR Filter
Papers for Teaching an Introductory Course in Image & Signal Processing
Correlation between real and imaginary parts of a Fourier transform of zero mean Gaussian
How to extract the vein pattern from an IR image of finger?
Why multiplying frequency kernel with sinusoid results shifting frequency domain
How to quantify asymmetry of a signal?
Which method to remove small unwanted region and fill holes
What is "Maximum Quantization Error"?
How to estimate the poles of a linear combination of exponentials?
MATLAB code error
Find half-angle of complex exponential
Calculate the intersample peak of a periodic sequence?
Is this a correct interpretation of the DCT step in MFCC calculation?
Hough lines and Convex Hull methods give jagged lines
If MFCC vectors are speaker independent, then how can we reconstruct unique speech signals from them?
What is the mean power of a complex random variable?
Does audio upsampling create noise/artifacts or degrade the signal?
Window functions with rippleless spectra
Thermography time evolution
Drawing in images
Using sinc as a filter
How to transmit voice signal and receive on radio?
Poisson noise and curve fitting - denoise first?
Bit reversal on twiddle factors on inverse FFT
Really basic question about OFDM
What is the reasoning behind the deviration of propogation of uncertainty?
Digital Anti Aliasing Filter For Waveform Band Limiting
Sin wave spectrum shows multiple frequency
Sampling frequency of modulated signal
Pedestrian Re-identification during tracking
When lowpass filtering with a Gaussian kernel, how can $\sigma$ be related to cycles/pixel?
What are the minimum knowledge required to begin the study of Digital Signal Processing?
Auto or cross correlation for synchronisation in MATLAB
How is the symbol error rate for M-QAM, 4QAM,16QAM and 32QAM derived?
Low-Complexity Audio Compression?
Removing marker pen artifacts from scanned microscope slide images
Image processing(JPEG)
Please suggest me good algorithm for video segmentation based on changing background?
Research on signal processing
Low frequency and high frequency noise of ecg
What is 'Normalized frequency in the range [0,1)', à la DTMF & Goertzel algorithm
DOA estimation 2 sources time delay estimation uniform array
OpenCV Haar Classifier - best type of positive images
Why are polynomial filters for gradients in the opposite sign?
Doppler shift using PLL
Improving segmentation diffusion
Image Registration C#
resonance demodulation for bearing faults
Band Limited Table Look Up Oscillator C++
Comparing two wav in matlab using NullTest
number of possible component in sinusoidal model
How to find blood pressure from osciloscope image
how multi track recording is performed?
cyclic prefix in ofdm
What is the Use of the Opening Operator
Calculate Max Number Of Harmonics for given Sample Rate?
Convolution sum vs auto-correlation problem
Filter Banks and FFT, are they similar conceptually?
Which type of fliter should be designed to remove 50 Hz
How to frame an audio sample?
Ultrasonic signal detection
Needed: introduction to FFT
Energy in baseband and bandpass signal
Entropy when having symbols with same probability
Audio Beat Divide
Minimum number of bits required for each character
Does the integrator in a PID controller removes the disturbance?
Forecasting noisy data with polynomials
2 by 2 bit orthogonal encoding mult-kronecker expansion matrices?
Creating a time domain filter from a frequency domain plot
What is this effect/filter in given images?
Sampling bandpass signal with spectral replications
Discrete Hilbert transformation of a spatial signal
Fast Walsh-Hadamard Transform frequency spectrum?
the difference between dft and dfs
Pitch Detection: HPS not working
Normalizing a vector with Mel Cepstrum Coefficients, Delta Coefficients and Log Energies for both
Rate of fall of sidelobe level
How do you perform OFDM modulation?
Discrete Fourier transform of complex time series
Filtering discrete data
Computer Vision Libraries for PHP
Gibbs phenomenon in Hilbert transform
What exactly do we do in non-rigid registration?
trying to generate a sweep sine wave that increases its frequency till an upper limit and then starts decreasing its frequency to the lower limit
Matlab - Segment cell nucleus from similar background
Recommendations for DSP Hardware
Block diagram reduction
How to apply dictionary learning to several images?
Phase reference of a periodic signal
circular Convolution
Connection with system analysis and laplace&Z transform
Ho to Create Image Editing Filters
Linear Predictive Coding and Block Size
A problem about whitening of a signal
Conceptual questions from signal processing
Processing and plotting quadrature data in the frequency domain
Histogram matching of two images using cdf
Cepstrum, peak picking
Upper Bound for the DFT (FFT) Coefficients of a Bounded Signal
MATLAB - remove the frequency at zero in FFT
If low frequency travels longer distance, why our speech is not travelling longer distance?
IIR oscillator produces stable output in MATLAB, unstable on chip, how do I tune it?
What is the advantages of BPSK+OFDM over usual BPSK (with no OFDM Modulation)?
How to restore an image from its filter output?
Magnitude Spectrum, different magnitudes same amplitude
Alamouti code after or before IFFT block in OFDM
Color and circle detection in image
OCR (optical character recognition) for Indian languages - segmentation
Analyzing Spectrum of a signal?
FFT of Square Wave and Sin Wave
Adding white noise to complex signal (complex envelope)
Phase information
Trying to apply Parks-McClellan optimal FIR filter design
Correlation Using FFT / IFFT (Convolution in Frequency Domain) in Java
How to get a generic 3d Face model?
Matching 2 undirected weighted graph in matlab
Shelving and Peak filters name
Convolution from bottom right
How to compute regions of matrix
How to use Robust PCA for image inpainting?
Is it possible to calculate a z-transform for a filter calculated with Parks-McClellan?
Deriving SER & BER for 4QAM, 16QAM and 32QAM
Playing/Recording acoustic signal in matlab to tell difference between 2 sounds
Matlab - Creating a characteristic for Peak and Shelving filter
Is it necessary to taper two ends before fft a time series?
What is End Effect in signal processing?
People counting implementation using OpenCV
Why is beginning of this FIR filtered signal attenuated?
Creating 2D array to play audio in left and right channel in matlab
Preprocessing audio signal for neural network classification
How to Calculate Total Variation (TV) of an Image?
Playing sound in left and right speaker alternatively and storing output in array in matlab
Ideal Reconstruction of Upsampled Signal
How to add repeated beeps to sound created with a pause in between each beep in MATLAB
What Is the MATLAB `imreconstruct()` Useful For?
Confusion about shannon's entropy of the grayscale image after lossy compression
Why we need fourier transform of periodic signal although we have fourier series for periodic signal?
fft(x) different from fft(ifft(fft(x))?
How many features of given image
How to store the signal in a variable and plot the signal in MATLAB
Normalisation of delay-addition comb filter implementation
Simulating rain interference
best meathod to lock onto a cdma signal?
Statistics of the output of a high bitrate signal filtered through a narrow band low pass filter
Confusion on using FFTW 3.3.4 (C version) for real and even data sets
how to eliminate frame boundary discontinuity?
How can I specify the scale parameter of the wavelet in PyWavelets (pywt)?
BER and SER of QAM
Normalizing 32QAM constellation points
Autocorrelation Function and Power Spectrum
Modulation and it's application
Image processing coding
Adaptive Gaussian Filter for Image Denoising
Image and video processing in matlab
Calculating Signal Approximation Error (Theoretical signal - Real hardware signal)?
FFT Processing Gain
Can a discrete sinusoidal signal represent only limited number of frequencies?
How do i set the band filter such that it has a pass band of 100Hz to 300Mhz?
Fast convolution with striding step
Correct Kalman Filter for Gaussian State Space Model
Property for time invariance of system in terms of its impulse response
Simulating a state space model
MATLAB Rayleigh fading and white gaussian noise
Obtaining power spectrum from ACF, FFT using Matlab and FFTW
Is phase and amplitude information necessarily lost when undersampling?
How to determine Nyquist Rate
Signal leveling using scipy
What is the amplitude of the impulse resonse
Simple FFT filtering vs. e.g. butterworth filtering
Before the birth of computers how people calculated the bandwidths?
Maximum Likelihood Derivation
High energy coefficients in 1d DCT for audio
Linear classification and overlapping problem reduction
Using FFT to Unit Test a Music Player
Visualizing aliasing in Matlab
Interpret group delay of a filter
Conceptual Question from Signal Processing - Impulse Response and AR Coefficients
Is it possible to do further beamforming on already beamformed data?
Types of Filters
how to sample sine wave to 4 points dft output
Removing baseline drift from ECG signal
Non-cyclic smoothing of a 2D image
need general resource about image matching
How many way to reduce overfitting problem of Linear classificationH
Detecting blobs that connects to any other blob, maybe with OpenCV
Why the delta at the end of the approximation?
Finding linear convolution of two time series
How to transmit the real+imaginary output of an IFFT over a transmission channel?
Time-varying waveform
Difference Between Equiripple & Least Squares Design for FIR Digital Filters
Why can't DFT be used when samples are not equally spaced in time?
Finding the best principle component
Autocorrelation - cyclic vs acyclic
Is there an OBJECT BASED Image Segmentation method, with pure non-segmented training images?
I have a mix signals (2 signals with different dc offset). How to recover another dc value which has been buried by the stronger dc value?
Determining Power of White Noise Component of an Incomplete Time Signal
Why FFT does not retrieve original amplitude when increasing signal length
Adding measuruments noises to kalman filter
How to deal with signal not equally spaced in time when performing FFT?
Incremental Online Update of Tf-IDF Indices for Image Retrieval
Minimum Samples Per Chip?
non linear equalizer vs linear equalizer
Parseval's theorem - Average Power
Blurring transfer function of image
How moving part pixel intensity values of video frames becomes dominant compared to stationary part intensities in reconstructed frames?
Is step detection the correct approach to this problem? what if not?
What are the various techniques for detecting Walls in the Building(Architectural) floor plan Images?
A [Very] Rough Approximation to "White Noise" with Sine Waves
Does this technique have a name?
Z transform convergence
Reason of circular conv in OFDM
Image warping - how to proceed
Suitable metrics for summarizing or visualizing the spatial activation of components after temporal Independent Component Analysis (ICA)
increase the # of points in a DFT, increase the processing
How to deconvolve dependent part of signal from independent part?
Localization of a Gaussian
Transformed Direct Form II filter: Z transform: reduce multiplications
Linear-phase lowpass filters: frequency responses alignment
Comb-like peaks in frequency spectrum
Compensate for phase shift of Hilbert transform
How to Concatenate white noise signal and applying bandpass filter matlab
Extract signal from big gaussian noise
Hermitian symmetry in OFDM systems
How to perform a Stockwell Transform on a 2D matrix
Android: fundamental frequency
Computer Vision/Image Processing Riddles
Is Gabor uncertainty a feature of the Fourier transform, or of nature?
Does the ROC (Z-Transform) always start/end from/in a pole?
1/3 Octave Analysis
Derivative of noisy signal
Box ﬁlter approximations for oriented gabor ﬁlters
Low Pass Filter in AM Demodulation
how to apply Short-time fourier transform to code in matlab
oversampled coefficient for existing exponential smoothing
Tone generation in Matlab (scientific paper)
Statistical significance of coherence values
Dynamic Textures
IIR/FIR filtering before decimation?
Block diagram transfer function of a line
How to set the frequency cut-off for a low pass RC filter?
Spectral estimation from noisy time-series data
Expectation of product of Filtered White Gaussian Noise
Train Cascade Object Detector example in MATLAB
Fourier Transform Form: two sin components & a phase shift & a magnitude for only one term
Difference between discrete time fourier transform and discrete fourier transform
Non-Uniform FFT with FFTW?
How to represent the following system function in a block diagram?
How to remove historical values from exponential filter
Autocorrelation of a telegraph process/constant signal
Relating bin numbers to frequency non uniform fft
Thresholding a difference image with a very high kurtosis
Lpcm encoded data kept on an analog source
Which come first, PCA, FFT, filtering
Fourier Transform Time Scaling
Speech features that can be inverted?
Deep zeros in the spectrum of the input data?
What is the Difference between Texture and Image?
Z-transform and binomial series
Intuition behind the Gaussian Filter in Image Processing
Autocorrelation of the product of deterministic and random signal
How can I get frequency information in wavelet?
Interpreting Cepstrum of plucked string
Audio distortion while implementing a low-pass filter
$1/n$ octave complex smoothing
minimizing the mean squared error?
Causality of Linear Phase Filter
What do cloud-based speech-to-text services upload to the cloud?
Is it possible to change sampling frequency of DSP kit if the sampling rate is fixed?
Dimensions of a spectral representation
How to quickly calculate all the line segments when their coordinate in the Hough transform is given
How to store generated eigen faces for future face recognition?
Implementations of Low-Pass Filter
Normalized Wavelet power spectrum
Need to calculate $\frac{E\left[|x(n)|^4\right]}{E\left[x^2(n)\right]}$
Under what condition is the available bandwidth $f_s$ instead of $\frac{f_s}{2}$?
How to downscale an image with interpolation by a factor larger than interpolation kernel size?
What is a low-pass filter for a sequence of tuples?
How to detect a spiky signal embedded in a periodic signal
what is the maximum instantaneous frequency of Dirac delta?
calculate relative error of two signals
Output of a system given it's transfer function and input (beginner)
Need suggestions on the class of blind adaptive filters that can be used in my situation
How can I go forward with this image processing task?
What does it mean for audio to be 'sped up'? How can I undo it?
Edge Preserving Smoothing
Impact of different padding schemes in Frequency domain image filtering
Magnitude of gradient in frequency domain
Least Angle Regression (LARS) without Matrix Inversion
Projecting a 3D point into new camera coordinates
Deconvolution by Convolution
Transmit diversity vs multi-path?
Noisy Signal auto/cross-correlation
which spatio-temporal properties does dynamic textures exhibits?
No proper kmeans clustering of images in matlab
Segmentation and Labeling of White Blood Cells
Detecting the Prescence of a "Tail"
frequency response of a signal in which two signal added in
What Is Uncorrelated Noise
Gaussian Blur In Matlab and Connection to Image Resolution
Difference between real and complex impulse responses?
Allpass group delay formula and effect on Karplus-Strong
Development of Hilbert transform relationship
Functional analysis for signal processing engineers
Calculate cutoff frequency of filtered data
Identifiability for Time Invariant State Space Models
how can I analize music as spotify/musixmath/shazam does?
MATLAB filter not attenuating enough
Understanding PCA
How to get the conjugate symmetry of the complex matrix using MATLAB?
Inverse FFT data format with FFTW
What is the general feature of a time domain signal that gives a step like spectrum?
How to implement simple noise filter based on the frequency domain information?
How to get the melody from a signal
Background subtraction for object tracking
Inverse DTFT of $e^{-j\omega}$
First-order low pass filter with bounded derivative
What is obtained from the cross correlation plot?
Which information do we get from magnitude and phase spectrum?
Is it possible to convert from 2D to 3D form?
Intuitively explain Bi-linear time frequency distributions, someone please?
Filtering the EEG signals
Remove phase mis-alighnment in digital signals
How to design a filter with a certain magnitude response
Why does the Stationary Wavelet Transform shift this image?
Detecting and isolating part of an image
How to proceess Image with curved corners and edges to give sharp Corners?
Random jump process between {-1,1} with time delay
OpenCV: Is NormalBayesClassifier::train function running ok?
Variance of an Implicit Function of Kalman State Vector
Inverse Chirp Z Transform
Upper bound for realtime application
How to warp a pixel patch to another camera
Ship/Boat Detection
Autocorrelation of a signal with gaps
1D first-order derivative mask
How to filter uniform noise in a microcontroller?
extract the tree structure from a noisy data set
Solving an Array Signal Processing Estimation Problem based on the Rayleigh Quotient
how to read full input signal with STFT in matlab
How to check if a signal is power signal or energy signal?
MATLAB rand and C++ rand()
Why Does the Odd Multiple of $ \frac{\pi}{4} $ on Gaussian Cause Loss in Repeatability Under Image Rotations?
Properties of Spectral Transformations - Allocation (decomposition into even and odd part)
How can I load a wav file, split it in frames, apply different filters do different frames and then recombine the filtered frames into a single file?
Maximum Likelihood Estimation in Presence of Colored Noise
Polarity inversion in frequency domain (polar coordinates)
How do we distinguish between Image Recognition,Detection and Segmentation?
Kalman Filtering with Restrictions
How do I generate sound using MATLAB?
How to Apply Window Functions in Frequency Domain?
I'm interested in the state-of-the-art of vocal sound synthesis. Please advise me
Simulating Range Bearing Sensor with MATLAB with Gaussian Noise (Generating Gaussian Colored Random Vector)
Planar Homographies in MATLAB
understanding image error metrics, mean squared error
Reliable peak picking algorithm?
Time domain distortion vs Harmonics
Removing transients in highpass filtering with MATLAB
Feature extraction from spectrum to aid categorisation
Rejecting a particular frequency band using DWT
When should we using moving average in algorithm design?
Sampling fast sinusoidal signal with low sampling rate
Image processing and Camera Calibration
noise cancellation of non-repetitive noise
FIR-Decimation and Low-pass filter (taps vs number of input points vs number of decimation stages)
How do I manually plot the frequency response of a bandpass Butterworth filter in MATLAB without freqz function?
Is it possible to decompose an image into basis images using MATLAB?
Frequency and time marginals of STFT and Wigner-Ville Distribution
Improve spectrogram appearance using windowing functions MATLAB
Need to batch detect, measure, calc DPI for a consistently placed ruler in large set of technical images
Discrete signals notation underlined value
Particle filter Tracking
What is OSNR in Fiber Optics?
variation of the source separation problem
How to turn off calculating pyramids during image processing?
Beyond cross-eyed 3D (VR application)
Parameters for signal analysis
How are phase values able to capture motion from video?
Filtered backprojection implementatoin
Can SIFT run in realtime?
How do you change pitch with wavelet transforms in MATLAB?
Applying Discrete Filters
Stability of transfer function
The autocorrelation of a WSS process as a linear operator
Is there two Types of Scale Space in SURF algorithm?
Fusing motion and color in particle filter
Transfer function determination from input and output data
Longest line inside of 3D object
What are the audio equivalents of images like "Lena", "Mandrill", and "Cameraman"?
Understanding IIR , Low Pass, High Pass, Chebyshev, Elliptic Filter?
Time-bandwidth product and uncertainty on harmonics
Digital Gaussian White noise signal generation in C++
Real-time audio : passing by value
Simulate a pulse of specific power
How to do Finger Tracking which is occluded by an object?
Missing Data in Machine Learning Classification
How to calculate step and impulse response at multiple sampling rates
Frequency spectrum of a sinc function
Structure of function that describes sine signal
FFT filter to remove cd scratch
Non-uniqueness of continuous time sinusoids?
Poles and zeros from FRF
Intuitive explanation of the Fourier Transform for some of the functions
How to Find the Frequency Response of a Communication Channel from Input and Output Symbols in MATLAB?
Why $x(t) = \cos(\frac{\pi}{3}t)$ and $y(t) = \sin(\frac{\pi}{3}t)$ are considered identical signals?
How can I run this MATLAB code snippet for the waveform synthesis?
Is there a way to break an analog sound signal up and send it through two radio chips at double the data rate of one?
What is dynamic pulse-width modulation?
Feature extraction for sound classification
Image Reconstruction:Phase vs. Magnitude
deciphering the frequency response from the input data
CIELAB Color Clustering
How can I connect multiple microphones to my computer (more than 4) and process the outputs independently?
What happens with signal in frequency spectrum when it is time shifted in time spectrum?
Frequency Spectrum Analysis
At which point in the signal processing chain to use Hann Window?
How to determine if a system is LTI?
An alternative algorithm for blob detection
Given a spectrogram, how do I calculate loudness over time?
One of the best ways to numerically integrate a signal?
About a filter's rise time
Comparing two signal outputs from two clients on a networked computer game to identify lag
Convolution theorem
How to find the output of a system with the unit-step response and the input?
Signal de-amplified before doing Power Spectral Density. Any effect?
Prediction values ​​of the vector
Counter design for audio signals
DSP Demodulation advice sought - please help
Grayscale conversion before applying sobel gradient operator
Digitally undoing a hardware filter
Additional prefix and suffix required when windowing an OFDM symbol?
Does Wigner-Ville distribution provide the highest resolution?
Why does the periodic signal in time always give a discrete frequency spectrum
How to synchronise two audio files using a marker
I have run an FFT now want to get the mean value in the 8hz - 13hz range?
How to get the quaternionic analytic signal of a image?
Could multiple echo reflections be combined to improve signal to noise ratio?
Identification of sampling frequency
What are some ways to detect the fundamental frequency in a signal using without using FFT?
Vector of random numbers with fixed sampling rate
Signal Resolution
Compute output of a LTI system
Discrete Fourier Transform and Opposite Convolution Theorem
What is the difference between "preprocessing" and "normalization"?
Why does the Fourier series not include phase information?
How to recognise partial text on mechanical indicators
Correlation meter
Measuring audio Signal Similarities
How may samples per symbol in ieee 802.11 g
Difficulty in understanding ergodicity and ensemble averaging
Frequency resolution
filtering out specific waves in scattering pattern
Calculation of Reverberation Time (RT60) from the Impulse Response
once again,confusion between phase and group delay
Does modified Morlet wavelet function satisfy the admissibility condition?
how to get the phasor(frequency domain) representation of a digitalized signal?
Masking the mains hum to improve anonymity
MPEG-7 descriptors' implementation in OpenCV
Confusion about result of FIR All-pass filter design
Filtering method that minimizes ringing in time domain, implementable in Python
how can I analyze a basic sine wave for its frequency phase and amplitude at a particular point in time in matlab
Detecting sound inside a sound
Wiener Filters - Obtaining /Estimating Image and Noise Spectrum
Difference between delayed down-converted signal and a down-converted delayed signal
What is the rate of change of amplitude? Frequency?
Why impulse response
Zernike Moments' implementation in OpenCV
How to Cluster Image Colors Using K Means Clustering in CIE a*b Domain?
Impulse response of the inverse system to the backward difference
Reduce the "glare" effect of a receiver within a system
How to evaluate a background subtraction algorithm given ground truths?
DSP - Sinewave: what is $2\pi f t $?
DSP - Understanding Formulas
Denosing signal using soft and hard thresholding
Find B given A and impulse response of B/A
Relationship between sensors and materials in terms of electromagnetic spectrum
Tuning a radio to a certain frequency
fast 2D cross correlation algorithm
Confusion Regarding Bi Linear Transform
Backward propagation of error in FIR Neural Networks
How to Model the Dispersion Which Is Introduced by an Electro Absorption Modulator (EML)?
Why are recursives methods useful for FIR filter design?
Covariance between real and imaginary parts of Fourier transform of a stationary time series
SINR averaging in communication system
Is there any alternative basis for a fourier-like transform?
Regarding MFCC feature of a speech signal
Is DSP a branch of Computational Science?
Calculating Energy Spectral Density from Magnitude and Phase data
Convolving two complex signals - relationship between phase
Why zig zag manner scan is used in DCT for image compression?
Will using window in Welch's method introduce artificial peak in estimated PSD?
Interpolation methods for radar and acoustic imaging
Does perceived ADC resolution, range and precision depend on fixed point format? What is the best way to deal with this for signal processing?
filtfilt giving unexpected results
Iterative Blind Sinus Signal Suppression
Best way to inverse Hilbert on FPGA?
UWB radar to find heartbeat
Recording square waves at sample frequency
2D FFT of Image and Sharpness
digital filter and epoch length
Autocorrelation of white noise
Correlating accelerometer data
Deriving finite impulse response for polylogarithm
Is there a way to apply blind source separation using ONE mixture?
Variable sample rate interpolation
Shifting Sequences Using MATLAB
Simple questions related to dft
Recognizing bodily noises (ie, not spoken words)
What Approximation Techniques Exist for Computing the Square Root?
Filter that is like low-pass filter but for intensity?
Parameters of standard audio channel filters
Determine Frequency Content of Variable Rate Signal (Non Uniform Sampling of Signal)
Can someone help me with ETSI/BRAN Indoor wireless channel specification and implementation in MATLAB
Designing the filtering for a time domain data acquisition application
What is correlation kernel and compare with gaussian kernel
Looking for an algorithm that computes weighted average of frequencies intensity from narrow band in spectrograph
Verifying Channel Response Identity
Using ROC curves for comparing the performance of SIFT and SURF
Software defined radio panadapter
High modulation index PSK - carrier recovery
Finding phase angle via FFT
In framing of audio samples', what is need of frame shift while giving frame size??
Calculating the Power spectral density
Image Processing: Flatten a 3D Ball
Are Z-transform time shifting and differentiation properties always compatible?
Maximum Likelihood Through a Noisy Channel
What is best practice to remove static noise?
Implementing short-time Fourier transform
Noise analysis with periodogram. problem with different resolutions
Power Spectrum: Definition
What is 'energy compaction' in simple terms?
Count objects in the image
Dual-Tone Multi Frequency signalling
As DCT Does Compaction of Energy, Can We Say IDCT Does Energy Spreading?
How do you apply Kalman Filter to track a signal?
Negative dB signal to noise ratio
What is the relationship between the PSD of a continuous signal and the PSD of its periodically sampled one?
Extraction of fundamental signal information-Fourier full cycle algorithm
What Does It Mean Exactly When Two Parts of a Signal Are Correlated?
The Standard Deviation of The Derivative of a Signal
MFCC extraction for speaker verification
Train a Cascade Object Detector in MATLAB
Sinusoid with increasing frequency
Affine Parameter Optimization using simulated annealing
Problem calculating the average power of a vector?
What is purpose of correlation kernel? IIs it high pass filter or low pass filter?
Camera Calibration using Single Input Image
how to visualize image segmentation using matlab
Low-pass vs median filter delay
Draw outline of a text in an image
Sample vs. sample values
Visual regression test - Extract elements of GUI-Screenshot - MSER OpenCV
Intertial navigation on android phone with Kalman filter
Image 2D Real Cepstrum with DFT, Is `ifftshift` Needed?
Any way to compensate for fractional delay filter's weakness between taps?
Created Matlab echo signal: Is it an actual "echo?" Or am I just manipulating the signal to make it seem like an echo?
Adding encryption to a ham radio
use of complex conjugate of weight vectors in beamforming literature
What's the Underlying Algorithm for Detail Preserving Upsampling in Photoshop CC?
$ {L}_{0} $ Pseudo Norm Minimization in Compressive Sensing
Generate the Matrix Form of 2D Convolution Kernel
C/C++ library for digital modulation
High triangulation error
Timing synchronization in limited channel
How to choose the number of codewords in bag of words model
How to compute the main lobe width of generalized Hamming windows (i.e. Hann, Hamming, etc.)?
Why Is the Canny Edge Detection Used Instead of Sobel / Prewitt Edge Detection Before Hough Transformation?
Introduction to Clustering and Classification of Linear Sequence
Filtering a Morse code (CW, OOK) signal
Using Goertzel Algorithm in under-sampling
Amplifying part of a signal
FFTW: Logical array size in r2r transform?
What is wrong with this method of detecting the presence of a signal?
Designing High Pass Filter to Remove DC Offset from a Signal
Simulation and theory of first-order low pass filter
How to Detect a Inhomogeneity Region in Image
Upsample / Downsample a Signal from 1920.93Hz to 1920Hz
Floating point Descriptor evaluation
Filtering out unwanted square wave (Radio: DCS/DPL signal)
Time-frequency synchronization algorithm for OFDM continuous stream
Lorentzian signal fit
What is the implementation of a low-, mid- or high tone dodge or burn in the GIMP?
Time delay analysis in different binary sequences
What is meant by Impulse Response
How to visualize and understand Gabor filter using MATLAB
Anti-aliasing requirements for a Muxed Sigma-Delta Converter
Using the windowing Method
Demodulation with MATLAB
How to Normalize Frequency in MATLAB
YIN Pitch detection Algortithm ( how do I improve my results )
How to Simulate AWGN (Additive White Gaussian Noise) in Communication Systems for Specific Bandwidth
Conceptual question on entropy and its relation to information
Coefficients of Farrow structure?
Low dimensional system identification algorithms
Make a Movie from Multiple Images in MATLAB
What Are Some Examples of Applications of LTI Systems
Approximate a System Frequency Response with a Filter in MATLAB
Difficulties in understanding mutual information concept
The role of GPS in INS/GPS navigation systems
How to model Tape Saturation (Audio DSP)?
How to remove background noise from sound file for analysis
Analog Hilbert transformer
When Does $ {L}_{1} $ Regularization Give a Sparse Solution?
FFT Matlab - Meaning of Frequency Vector
Real Time Object Tracking using image processing
Determine whether a signal is periodic or not and get fundamental period
Generating a high SNR sinusoide with lut on a DSP
Running an FFT filter on a large data set
"chirp" with arbitrary period
What Information does the phase of a cross power spectra give me?
Measuring spectral tilt
what are and why are sine and cosine modulated integrals used?
Writing a Discrete Fourier Transform program
How is noise variance related to bandwidth?
Design and implementation of causal band-pass filter for biosignals - what to consider?
Trignometric Fourier series representation of a continous time signal
Comparison Between Average Kernel (Box Kernel) and Gaussian Kernel
Number of DFT (FFT) Points Required for a Specific Frequency Resolution for an Oversampled Signal
Exercise related to frequency resolution and SNR
Low pass filter to maintain edge information
Doppler Frequency Resolution for Radar
Color Artifacts in Fourier Transformed Image
Estimate digital signal
Understanding the Windowing Method in PSD Calculation
Frequency response of a filter - fft vs. freqz
Do Spread Spectrum technologies combat time-selective fading of a channel?
Wavelets: How does the admissibility condition imply this $\Psi(0)=0$
Best method for texture classfication
Adaptive filter weight adjustment
Artifact in Bicubic interpolation
Synthesis discrete time signal from fourier coefficients
Long burst of high amplitude noise removal
python; audio; detecting silence in audio signal
What is the difference between the Weiner-Hopf equation and the normal equation?
phase amplitude transform as a solution to reverberation
Using Fourier Transform on Gyroscope
Viterbi equalizer in a GSM system
Epoched data to a continuous signal
Hardware Transfer Function Estimation
DC offset removal from tetra signal
Modeling a signal through the environment
How to detect impulse like peaks - Matlab
white noise filtering
How to filter noise from continuous path in image
Z Transform - ROC values
Effect of noise and entropy
Power contained in a signal
What's the state-of-the-art algorithms in image edge detection?
Unit Impulse funciton FT
Correct way to implement Discrete and Stationary Wavelet Transform?
A/D converter quatization noise
How do I construct input to neural network from audio signals?
Why do some radio stations still use amplitude instead of frequency modulation?
Why do we choose 44.1 kHz as recording sampling rate?
disadvantages of FFT, it can not extract enough frequencies without enough samples
Speech recognition using mfcc and neural network
Signal Plus Weakly Stationary Noise
How to estimate PSD, and time delay of a random signal?
Crash course on turning engineering formulae into computer code?
Basics of waveform, how to define the zero point
How to average coherences estimated using Welch's method in MATLAB
Is it theoretically possible to perfectly quantize a continuous signal?
Quantizing a filtered signal
How to decode Morse code (CW)
Properties of Discrete-time Sinusoidal Signal
Time variant and Time Invariant Systems
Feature selection of Gabor filter
MFCCs and chord recognition
Difference between convolution and multiplication of freq. response and freq. spectrum
Estimate the Discrete Fourier Series of a Signal with Missing Samples
Generating a Sine Signal (for example a voltage sine wave) with changing frequency and changing sample rate (time)?
What's the number of data points in a Welch-based PSD?
Advice on filtering a CW signal for processing
What is the best OS for real time signal processing?
Generation of noise floor file for estimating signal-to-noise ratio of a wave file
How MATLAB calculates matched filter gain
Correlation : Cross correlation why we need to multiply the samples
Pitch Detection: avoiding frequency doubling / halving
Ship detection from aerial image
Phase noise estimation and compensation schemes
Cross-Correlation : Comparing two signals or finding the location of a target
How does the number of frequency-domain sampling points influence the outcome of an inverse FFT?
What is a covariance matrix?
Slepian or DPSS window
minimum frequency in periodic components
Is the periodogram squared-magnitude DFT or squared-average DFT?
Segmenting a frequency series: do we need band-pass filtering?
Why are window functions used when calculating spectral estimates, really?
Time Invariance
Autocorrelation of a signal comprised of only the same number
How to calculate bandwidth require for OFDM
Implementation of the constant Q transform + property questions
Overlap-windowing vs preserved information
Audio signal processing
How to calculate the time delay of a signal by a first-order filter
Determine spectrum amplitudes for half-wave rectified sine
The small red peak in the CIE standard observer
Why Does the DFT Assume the Transformed Signal Is Periodic?
How to compute the Fourier Transform of this ramp-like signal?
relationship between energy and sampling rate
The logarithm Energy measure in Speech
Selectively improve the frequency resolution of FFT (DFT)
What is doppler tolerance
Adaptive equalizer for IIR channel?
Inter aural time difference generation using sine waves
Are reconstruction filter always needed?
Template matching or object recognition?
FFT of signals with different sampling frequency
Can I ignore the Nyquist criterion?
About frequency resolution
How to replace Hadamard Product and Column wise addition with new Matrix operation?
please give the reason why every notation for DFT is valid?
Ways to find three curves from palm image
How to classify accelerometer data?
Why is LBP generaly faster than HAAR?
How to detect whether the object has triangular shape?
How to calculate Signal-To-Noise Ratio
multipath propagation
Natural, Forced and Total System Response - Time domain Analysis of DT
2D-otsu algorithm in Digital image processing
Using Python with scipy.signal firwin, how do I know how many taps/coefficients should be used?
What filters are used in this picture?
Difference Equation - Time Response analysis of Discrete Systems
FFT analysis of binned data of different length
Separate sub-figures!
How to obtain mean Power Spectrum from two audio channels?
Using HMM for speech recognition
Time shift -- two interpretations
matching the mouth shape of an audio file(lip sync)
How to reconstruct the signal which is subjected to FIR filtering - Matlab
When was the time-frequency analysis invented?
Comparing vibration frequencies
Real and Imaginary Frequency Responses of a single complex pole
Why does a gold sequence have $2^m + 1$ symbols while a single m-sequence has only $2^m - 1$
What filter should I pass to these signals to make them constant on every piece
Why is level of power spectrum dependent on FFT resolution?
Continuous speech recognition with HMM
phase mod x freq mod equivalence
Designing a practical integrator
Is a change in colorspace needed when comparing colors only evaluated by the computer?
Interpolation methods for radar and acoustic imaging and potential pitfalls
Finding local brightness maximas with OpenCV
Equivalence of FFT and PSD based output based on the Frequency Response Function
Get Mirrored FFT Results in Real part
Effect of number of data segments in Periodogram-based PSD
Kalman Filter Estimate vs ACF Least Squares Estimate
Matlab FFT keeps plotting mirrored values
Describing Function for non-symmetric Saturation Model
How to decode speaker gender from spoken transcript
Problem with a code of FIR Lowpass filter
Understanding a mathematical statement in image processing
Plotting Real Amplitude of Sine Wave in FFT
Fourier transform properties. Spectral density function
Fixed SNR with unitary noise variance
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the Ridgelet transform?
Sampling rate in Wifi 802.11 -> 20 MHz enough with a BW of 20 MHz?
map two RGB images in Matlab
Generating a Sine Signal (for example a voltage sine wave) with changing frequency and changing sample rate (time)?
variable length no-refrence filter algorithm
Comb filter - attenuation
The reasons for filter explosion
How to change the start point of resampling process?
what is the unit of SNR?
why Gaussian noise is usually used?
correct for shift from butterworth filter?
How to construct Polyphase (Frank) codes in MATLAB
Measuring the similarity of two waveforms
Multiply filter kernel by sine
float image to integer type image
Instantaneous power estimation by discrete hilbert transform - how far does it smooth?
Autocorrelation and FFT : avoid zero-padding
Fisheye lens calibration
Why does a phase shift in the frequency domain not produce a time delay in the time domain?
Pose estimation of colored checkerboard cubes
Air-coupled microphone
Image Segmentation applications
Reconstruct FIR frequency response from the coefficients
Interpreting magnitude of DFT results
Incorrect Frequency results when using Multiple Signal Classification (MUSIC)
upsampling by huge factor
Simple fft to Gaussian pulse with MATLAB
phase angle of harmonic
Is possible to perform algebric operation with bitwise operations in PDM domain?
Rendering a spectrogram of audio data - resulting magnitudes are all too close together
Wavelet transform in control systems
Filtering and decimating input as sections in multiple stages
time frequency localization using wavelet transform
FFT on XY data points
Histogram Intersection with two different bin sizes?
GCC-PHAT cross correlation
What are the settings of Daubechies and Complex Gaussian are called?
In a signal there is a peak, I want to find the start of the peak and the end of the peak
Does anyone know how and when and where used Legendre polynomial?
Calculation of sampling rate and its effect on an Image?
Variation in Signal Power in Mimo system
why derivative and logarithm operators amplify the noise effects?
Generate a BPSK modulated signal with non zero mean
What is difference between Taylor series and Legendre polynomial?
Gonzalez question solution
FIR / IIR and Wavelets
Binary classification of grayscale image with little texture
Memory requirements for FFT
O(1) peak segmentation algorithm in matlab?
Analysis and algorithmic complexity of the Constant Q transform
Best method to do piano key pitch detection?
why adding noise enhances the accuracy sometimes?
Calculating power and energy of a signal in matlab
Why do most digital pll's only use the positive zero crossing?
understanding discrete-time convolution in LTI systems
Thoretically, what makes multi-pitch detection so difficult?
converting block diagrams with delays to equations
How to derive the answer to this convolution problem?
Getting 16 bit image statistics in Photoshop
Extracting the phase of a jittering sine wave using python
About Discrete Fourier Transform vs. Discrete Fourier Series
how can i get to know the frequency of a speech signal?
fft magnitude scaling
Using neural networks for rotation invariant OCR
Software implemented PLLs for signal synchronization, why use them?
Largest possible downsampling factor
Hilbert transformer's phase in .AC simulation
Sampling distance
Check for time invariance of a _system_ using MATLAB?
Is it customary to correct for the gain of a window?
Power of a square wave signal
intuitive interpretation Fourier Transform of two different Rectangular pulses
Filtering data so that only rising edge is left
Do DCT each output coefficients have to be orthogonal?
Detecting inset images/videos from a video
The error between the theoretical value and the simulation value of imaginary part of the FFT results
Algorithms for deformable image registration
Determining effect of powers of DFT matrix conjugate on input without multiplying
Determining whether or not a system is BIBO stable
Compare Overlapping FFTs to a longer FFT
Segmenting a sound file before each of its attacks
Recursive version of DFT as presented in Cooley-Tukey paper
How is a realtime BiQuad/IIR possible?
Checking linearity/time-invariance etc. for recursive system
Image Processing - Identifing/locating Random Solid Blocks of Colour
Is there a way to further optimise my FFT?
Weighted overlap Add query
Spectral Content of two waveforms
Avoid saturated pixels in cross-correlation computation
Appying a Filter Several Times on Data
Why does my overlap-add integrator in frequency domain result in distorted signals?
How is LMS/FXLMS noise cancelling different than simple polarity inversion?
Solution to Cross-correlation problem of 2 audio signals
How to choose a microphone and make sure not to overcharge (clip) it?
What is the significance of the DFT in SC-FDMA systems?
PAPR in the SC-FDMA system
Overlapping with flat-top window MATLAB
why LTE doesn't use DC subcarrier in the downlink?
Basic sampling problem - could use some advice
What part of complex number of inverse discrete Fourier transform?
Using morphological operations for color images processing
what is the significance of pilot carriers in ofdm
Discrete Time to Frequency Response
Discrete version of pillbox function
Bicubic Interpolation
What is the best method to estimate the frequency(PSD) for noise signal
How increasing the Signal to Quantization noise increases the resolution of ADC
Image correlation confidence measure
Why does an ideal high pass filter on this image generate gray values
Study Signal Processing
Can the order of filtering and downsampling be exchanged?
Implementing discrete time systems
image processing in matlab
Radon Transform Implementation In Matlab
Q and I part in QAM
Phase angle operator, Implemention and drawbacks
How to add bandpass filter to recorded sound in matlab
Academic problem solving in Computer Vision
How to constrain the object detection problem?
"cascaded" cross-correlation
What does "warp" mean in DSP?
.ptw Video conversion
Welch's Overlapped Method
Instantaneous phase calculation problems
Implementing digital filter by padding with zeros
Looking for integral-free DSP textbooks
Creating a digital filter, from Laplace to $\mathcal Z$-transform (zero order hold) to code?
State Space model of a differential eqn. for use in Least Squares
Would the locations of SIFT features generally agree with features detected by Shi-Tomasi method?
Available Online Recordings for Acoustic Echo Identifiablity
Convolving Room Impulse Response with a Wav File (python)
OFDM intra-block multipath interference
How to learn MUSIC algorithm?
Characterising a system from its input and output
What is a translation property in DFT
Picking out a signal that appears to be noise inside a large signal
Solving for impulse response
Stopping Viola Jones Face Detection early
Rectangle detection in "real life" images
Can someone please help me out with audio, sampling frequency question
How does using DCT help in image compression
Confusion about speech being piecewise stationary
Implementing image chroma keying with FIR filter in MATLAB
Explain Shift property of DFT
What do you get applying FFT to Music?
Discrete approximation to Gaussian filter
fft of a complex signal
Accumulator with decay?
Overlap frames in short term fourier transform
Can all pass filers have a pole/zero at the origin of the root locus
how to detect signal noise
Convolution of h(n) & x(n)
Comparing signals recorded using diffrent methods
why the number of filter coefficients in FIR filter has to be an odd number?
Extracing IQ samples from a composite signal?
Re-recording audio vs. convoluting old audio data - differences?
direct Frequency domain FIR filtering vs Overlap-add method
Audio noise detection with python
does scrambling increse the bandwidth
cross power spectral density explanation in matlab
what is the relation between bandwidth and channel taps
Is this system linear?
Group delay of the FIR filter
MSK signal recoverd though FM Discriminator?
Different results for seperable filtering v/s direct filtering on 2-D image in MATLAB
High Speed Digital Signal Processors
Avoiding edge repeats in a FFT convolution
How to transform large set of audio samples using FFT?
How to periodically estimate states of a LTI if the output is measured irregularly?
Relationship between Fs (the Nyquist frequency), and the frequency used with a sine wave
Discrete Fourier Transform by hand
Equal contribution criteria during image pyramid construction
compute image contrast
Is there an efficient algorithm to extract low frequency signal from audio with high frequency carrier?
Can a wavelet transform give time dependent phase of sinusoids in signal
Image getting completely white on downsampling
What is convolution of two sine waves (tones)?
Get a power spectral density from real random data
z transform property question
causal and ROC and which side the system is on
Usefulness of Matrix Notation for Linear Periodically Time Variant Transformations
Getting error in PSNR calculation using Matlab
Discrete algorithm for low pass filter
how can i do a 2^20 FFT if the hardware imposes a limit of 2^10 FFT size?
What are the parameters of transducer that I can get from an Anechoic chamber?
Phase difference betwen 2 signals, 1 signal with unknown function
How to recover complex values (downconvert) from FM modulation (composite signal)?
How to find phase difference between 2 signals, one has an unknown function
Classifying animated GIFs as animation or film
Fourier synthesis
Skeleton from distance map
FFT window corrupts signal
Differences between DSP programming vs MPU programming
Validating cross corrolation between sine and cos, shouldn't pahse lag be pi/2?
Frequency Spectrum of an image
Iterative Kalman filters and system parameters estimation
Emulating guitar pickup position with delays
Unstable Cascade of Allpass Filters
High Pass Filter, effect of applying it on this image.
Does instability make an otherwise LTI system nonlinear (or time-variant)?
AGAST vs FAST evaluation
Total Harmonic Distortion calculation and its origins
Frequency of the wave in frequency domain
A DSP simple book/reference?
Dividing Audio signals into Barks Bands
Pole/Zero existence at infinity
How to pad a windowed sinc filter in the frequency domain
Time-averaging as a low-pass filter?
Beginner's Books
Difference between correlation/convolution and matrix multiplication
Spectral effects of multiplying a signal by itself?
What does the word Entropy refer to in Entropy encoding
Computer Vision / Speech Recognition
FIR implemented via FFT -- low-pass works good, high-pass gives distorted results. What's wrong?
Purpose of Phase Information
What is the best Algorithm to estimate the frequency for Almost-Periodic Data or complex periodic data?
frequency divider
Detect FSK high/low bits in presence of noise with only simple processing
how to detect corner in a digital image using MATLAB?
What is the shortest time period that can be used to find the frequency of a signal burried in noise and harmonics?
DFE for QPSK in MATLAB
Cooley-Tukey Implementation of FFT in Matlab
What's the essential bandwidth of the unit step function?
Wav file scale factor
FIR filter design
Good color distance metric for classifying color pairs
Smooth X,Y,Z data with discontinuous, artificial jumps
Cross correlation vs FFT for finding phase between 2 signals
Who is Barbara (test image)
LoG filter creating additional maxima in scale space
Does Wav format supports writing complex values
Inverse fourier transform by using a random phase and an original magnitude (matlab)
Comparing the FFT to numerical integration in Matlab
Signal magnitude area
Similarity between two Signals: cycle by cycle
ECG signal analysis
2D deconvolution of recorded electron beam data
Reconstructing time domain signal with Hanning window
Signal corrupted using peak (biquad) filter at low frequencies
Pronunciation research for app
[2D fourier transform]: Most people can't explain this
Image compression using SVD in MATLAB
What is the difference between Time-Frequency Represenation and TF Decomposition
System invertability
Question About Linear and Circular Convolution - 1D and 2D
A filter in IOS to eliminate a certain frequency range
Frequency Response Output
multiplications per second for FIR filter
Why bother impluse invariance, bilinear transform?
FIR vs IIR filter
What is the complex-envelope notation?
Laplacian Operator with and without diagonal direction
Strange Results from Biquad Peaking EQ Filter
Spacing between gaussian windows for STFT
How to organize MFCC features?
Determine the time length of audio training samples?
Selecting the number of cycles for wavelet transform
Direct Form I Filter from Direct Form II
Problem executing RIFFT in Cortex-M4
Difference equation and Impulse response of an IIR filter - deconvolution
Why use Wavelet Denosing instead of Band pass Filtering
How to remove modulation frequency and its harmonics
What is the maximum data rate a wireless link can support using BPSK for given BER and SNR?
up sample and down sample
What does "real time" signal processing mean?
OFDM violates sampling theorem
Construct a correlation matrix using the covariance method
Separating 'signal' from periodic 'noise'
Audio Recognition and Learning
Transient cancellation in non causal filtering
Call recognition using Digital Signal Processing
How to extract IF (instantaneous frequency) from Discrete Hilbert Transform?
Choosing the best measure for machine learning on a Spectrogram
Plotting DFT in dB
Developing a classifier for a periodic music
Find the frequency response of the system
Find a sinusoidal fit from data with fft
Realization of IIR resonator
How does taking the absolute value of a complex signal reflect in the frequency domain?
Does anyone know how to overlay a equalized CDF plot with equalized histogram in matlab?
Why doesn't JPEG use 1D DCT for image compression?
How to improve an FFT AM demodulator for NOAA APT satellite imagery?
comparing different signals
PSNR of two images of different size in matlab
What is the Roll-Off factor of a Root Raised Cosine Filter?
Normalized cut segmentation output correct or not?
How to extract unknown packet from collision between said packet and another, known packet?
Effect of Sampling frequency on RMS estimation
Feature vector for MFCCs
Image enhancement algorithms for adjusting shadow, exposure, contrast etc
Hanning Window Formula - Matlab didn't work
What equation describes black alpha on a white image?
Which values do I use to filter a specific frequency with an RLC circuit?
generating a waveform in matlab for rohde and schwarz signal generator
What is the difference between pitch detection and Onset detection?
Why these harmonics always present?
Are discrete wavelet transform based statistical features invariant to rotation/translation/scale?
Removing frequency using FFT
Map time difference between two similar videos
Why is successive decomposition of a signal performed only on low pass component?
Filter design / Analysis apps
Downsampling MP3 for FM broadcast
Perfect reconstruction ( Single Channel )
Multitone signals with low crest factor
Matlab Neural Network toolbox
MATLAB implementation Spline Fitting
Find similarity of sound signal
DSP interview question: use of the identity in development of a significant transform
What are the frequency components of a sampled signal after low-pass filtering?
Given two waves, 441 Hz and 700 Hz, how many samples long is each wave's period if the sample-rate is 48 kHz?
Polygon Segmentation technique
Sound quality with really high sampling rate, but really low bit depth with dithering?
BCI project using EEG signals
Relationship between Carrier Frequency Offset and the Constellation Diagram
Estimating signal strength from PCM-encoded signal
Merging pattern for FFT solutions
state space formulation of a sinusoidal system
Noise in Digital image
Bluetooth locating with RSSI and only one receiver
Bandwidth of an energy signal
downsampling an fft signal
Extending a waveform
Music note of different instruments
Modeling multipath distortion and shifting by fractions of a sample
How to get started in image processing
For discrete signals, why does phase change not correspond to time shift?
Convert Triangle Wave to Sine Wave
How can you intutively figure what the impulse response will behave like?
Help with IQ balance equations?
At what time stretching ratio would an audiophile notice a wrong pitch
Detecting characters in high contrast/oversaturated regions
FFT on Hamming Window Function
Identify the system from input and output
Merits of "Zero-Phase" Zero Padding
Estimating plant parameters from noisy frequecy response data
Detecting a frequency swept sinusoid and its parameters?
FIR vs IIR complexity
Calculating the modulation based on the coordinates in the constellation diagram
Deriving time-scaling property for Fourier Series
How do we compute distrubtions of the value of a random process conditional on initial conditions?
Fourier Transform Problem - absolute value, time-saving tricks, etc
Why the formula below are critically-damped second-order linear systems?
Where do we use windowing?
linux commandline impulse response convolution reverb
What is a correct way to downsample an impulse train
Harmonizer Effect
why upsampling contracts the spectrum?
Estimate the Filter Coefficients of 1D Filtration (Convolution)
the phase spectrum of a zero-phase wavelet is not zero!
Efficient algorithm for computing area under convolution?
digital modulation
Butterworth filter in python
Why is a negative exponent present in Fourier and Laplace transform?
Is there any tool to anlyze audio specturm of a song and give the average visually ?
Fingerprint minutiae matching
How do I take the real part of this bandpass filter system's output?
Pyramid Match Kernel: How to fit grid around data points?
3 Band Crossover with Linkwitz Riley Filter
Image super resolution algorithm in Matlab
Biquad Filter Transfer Function Frequency Response
Range and motion in received signals by radar
How to prove that this impulse response is stable?
Why does Fourier Series have $\sin$ and $\cos$ Components
Finding the gradient of a norm in a minimization problem
Help me understanding this source code of a Phaser
Calculate Damping using FFT
Codec Output has "Wavy" Amplitude on Chirp Input
Orthornormal Wavelet scaling function coefficient calculation (filter design)
Simple and efficient algorithm to detect frequency and phase of a sine signal
How to take the FFT in a limited range of frequencies?
Pole/Zero Placement for Filter
Is digital up and down sampling linear/causal/time-invariant?
Noise Figure And Amplifier Equation
How to apply "Substitution Method" in Difference Equations?
High error due to resample function in MATLAB
Filter for audio sampler
Is this HW question even valid? (linear systems)
Tutorial for a stereo Phaser in C++?
Confusion about how to calculate signal to noise ratio(SNR)?
Applying filter in scipy.signal: Use lfilter or filtfilt?
Processing IQ signals
Convert a 1D array into a 'rotated' 2D matrix
Is it possible from 1 order cascading low pass filters to make a butterworth filter
Digital low-pass filters; best practice application
Problem implementing deconvolution to recover an Impulse Response
why Sampling with higher than nyquist frequency is causing aliasing?
Is it possible that adding noise to a signal can increase detection possibility?
Splitting a Complex FIR Filter into Real Filters
How to find derivative of 2-D elliptical Gaussian function with different standard deviations along $x$ and $y$ directions?
How are video thumbnails chosen?
Is there a widely available implementation of an adaptive, recursive, numerically stable IIR filter?
Band-pass filtering on whole signal or overlapping chunks?
"Perfect waveform" for cross-correlations?
Downsampling PCM Audio
how to get segmented OPTIC DISC from retinal image?
DFT independent variable as fraction of sampling rate
What's the Q factor of a digital filter's pole?
How is RMS and Peak-to-peak of white noise calculated
Polyphase decomposition of IIR filter
Looking to understand line artifacts in "overscanned" image
Time-frequency analysis
How does averaging increase the Signal to Noise ratio?
Suppose we have the following data. How can we calculate the channel capacity and R?
How to show that y[n] = x[n] * h[n] turns into the Y(z) = X(z).H(z)?
What are the known ways of changing an audio signal that are not audible to humans?
Regarding Bode plots; $H(s)$ and $H(j\omega)$
What is the use of the Welch lower bound when k > 1?
Sobel Vs Gaussian Derivative
Essential Bandwidth of rect(t/T)
Help on implementing an IIR filter
Why is my discretized transfer function unstable when my discretized state-space model is stable?
what method for thresholding?
Head detection using HOG and SVM
Time Frequency Signal Analysis in Mathematica (MMA)
Conceptual question on FFT and chirp signal
Modulation and DeModulation
Downsampling fft results to a graphics display
Does the system matrix being singular tell us anything about the system?
Removing the mean in finding PSD
spread spectrum communication in airport
filter design for ECG
How to choose sampling rate?
Audio EQ Cookbook without frequency warping
What does the graph of audio signal tells? what are negative samples?
How to design a filter with custom group delay -- why is it an IIR?
FFT widow to dsp processor.
QC-LDPC Decoder - Is it a codeword?
Wave-time trace to Amplitude and PSD spectrum
Question on Chebyshev filter
Audio processing -- difference between block and sample-by-sample?
Is it necessary to downsample data for filtering of low frequencies?
Decompose an image into better compressible components
Detecting changes between two similar images
Variance of white noise and the STFT
Design a Filter with Resonance
Correlation between Sin and Square wave
Confusion when applying Hamming window to signal
Mixing two signals creates power at dc?
digital butterworth filter design error
Calculate properties of a given Modulated Signal
Find Short Clip of Audio Within Longer Clip Of Audio
Matlab: How do I implement the Expectation operator for time series
Working with the DCT
How can I enforce aliasing with Audacity?
Best way to reduce data to its symmetric and antisymmetric components
Reducing latency due to FFT windowing for a real-time signal
Fourier transform of triangular function
Derivative of signal with missing samples
resolving clipping audio issues
modified Bessel function for Speech enhancement Using MMSE in matlab
STFT: why overlapping the window?
Uses of peaks in audio auto-correlation
Can I see from the PSD if a system is a LTI system?
Detect Frequency of Incoming Audio on Raspberry Pi
Is magnitude information enough to reconstruct an audio signal
How to, efficiently, identify telephone number from the key pressed data audio file?
How to get relative rotation matrix from two orientation values in android?
Detecting text lines in image by means of Hough Transform
Generating I/Q samples from a real signal
Trying to understand the gold-rabiner pitch detection algorithm
What is the rms value of a signal and how to use it
How does chessboard configuration affect camera calibration?
Well-regarded C/C++ General-purpose DSP libraries
Prove that time-reverse yields inverse filter for deconvolution?
Dominant eigenvectors of an unknown matrix
Features for speaker recognition
Complex numbers in $\tt ifft$ of an MMSE amplitude estimator
Relation between SER and the channel capacity
How to find roll-off from its transfer function equation?
Understanding Arrangement of second order sections
Changing camera and image properties to calibrate a camera
FFT scaling in GNU Radio
Filtering noise and identifying phones boundary in speech recongition
How to get rid of noise and oscillations using Kalman filtering
Improving an auto-correlation based guitar pitch detector
Confusion in the spectrum of FSK modulated signal by using matlab fskmod module
Why do eigenvectors specify the direction of fastest and slowest changes in the image
Signal processing for undersampled signal
sketching magnitude of frequency response of H(z)
One representative time series signal from multiple time series data
Why is this MATLAB butterworth filter giving me wrong results
Unsupervised learning algorithms to detect anomaly in waves
Are there any research value in visible light communication?
2-sided Regions of convergence for Z transforms
What is the relationship between signal and its analytical version?
Need intuition on the frequency response of a signal
Why does an 8 point DFT behave differently from a 16 point?
Haar transform definition
Why do we need to normalize a WAV file before calculating the FFT?
Can you average out focal length from different camera calibration sessions?
What is the distance metric in dynamic time warping?
Larger image after wavelet reconstruction
Image Projection with SIFT
Removing 'high-frequency' components from an array?
How to convert Third Octave data into single SPL quantity
Image processing to detect water diseases
fundamental question regarding bandwidth
Guitar Effects/Filters in real time using low cost DSP?
What happens to the fourier transform of sample result of $30kHz$ sinusoidal signal when sampled with sample frequency $44.1KHz$?
Why does D/A Quantization Error Result in a Noise Floor from a Physics Perspective
How to compute transfer function (Frequency Response Function) from experimental data
Medical image dataset
Tracking a Predefined Curve in a Series of Images
Instantaneous frequency vs fourier frequency
Record and playback has echo/feedback
Removing vocoder effect from audio file
Spectral location of individual OFDM symbols
Aliasing in the Short time Fourier Transform of a pulse
Filtering Overlapping Frequencies in sound file
Methods in Singing Synthesis
Eigenfunction of LTI causal system Z-transform
Filter order and cut off frequency
Sampling: how to determine a “good” sampling rate based on a given filter
Does accurate translation estimation using a camera matrix mean the orientation estimation will also be accurate?
What's the Intuitive Description of Circular Symmetric Complex Zero Mean White Gaussian Noise?
How to convert filter into frequency domain to do filtering?
why is the DFS of a delta function equal to 1
I can't make sense of the amplitude spectrum of a signal. Help please
down sampling and a factor of 2 without loss of information
Extending 1D window functions to 3D (or higher)
Additive but not homogeneous continuous system?
up down sampling and low-pass filters
What is the difference between general microprocessors, DSP and FFT chips?
non-equispaced DFT bandwidth
Expected value of coupled signals is zero
Questions about Active Noise Cancellation
DCT step in MFCC process
How to simulate two OFDM Users with low complexity FFT/IFFT?
Filters performance analysis
coded filter vs fdatool : inconsistency in the results for same parameters
Why optical flow ? why not tracking
Weak sense stationarity sufficient for multitaper spectrum analysis?
For a standard second order transfer function, what is the equivalent time domain significance of $\zeta>0.707$?
Fourier series qn determine the fourier series coefficients
Evaluation of incremental sensor
Cepstral Mean Normalization
Changing the cutoff of an IIR lowpass filter with minimal transients?
Mel filter in MFCC - is it necessary?
Get data ready for IFFT
Implications of $X( -j\omega ) = X^*(j\omega)$
how to make CIC compensation filter
'A priori' and 'a posteriori' SNR
Implementing overlap add method for convolution with a slice of the filter
Shape recognition, hough transform
Quadrature subsampling result not as expected
Need help to understanding concept of particle filter
The Nyquist-Theorm behind the fft
convolution matrix for image scaling
Effects of DC offset on a signal
Adaptive Line noise removal using IIR notch filters
Converting raw I/Q to dB
Why does FFT generate a jaggedy signal
Frequency of a noisy signal with fixed width pulses
Choosing the frequency for a comb filter
Phase Estimation in speech enhancement
FIR filter design with frequency sampling method - setting proper phase response for IDFT
Sub pixel shift causes weird results
Calculating Savitsky-Golay filter coefficients - normalization
How to find the output signal of a filter using state space matrices?
Analytical Expression for Convolution of Two 2D DFTs
Why oversample data before using raised cosine filter?
Can I take piecewise FFT of a larger input sample?
Are Convolution and Deconvolution Kernels the Same?
Pesq numbers and clean speech comparison to processed speech
BandPass and StopBand FIR filters (Hamming) is not working
When calculating the Nyquist frequency should carrier frequency be included
Is it possible to design noncausal filters in Matlab?
Why Normalized Cross Correlation Score of different templates is high?
Filter to speed up convergence of geometric series
How does 3D Time-of-Flight (TOF) camera work?
Do Causal Discrete-time systems have proper transfer functions?
How to determine cut-off frequency using power spectral density?
Beat Detection with Arduino
Sample rate changing audio pitch
Time period to Instantaneous frequency
FIR Filter length Upper Bound
Acoustic record and store devices
How do i detect if an image has a gradient or not?
Applying Convolution (In 2D) Theorem Swaps Quadrants
Hough Transform in Matlab without the built-in function
What are the keywords to find an algorithm that detects embossed text from a 3d model?
Image Segmentation - Berkeley Dataset
Separate static echos from acoustic signal (ICA?)
How to calibrate three orthogonal cameras？
How can we calculate the frequency response of each filter of a Discrete Wavelet Decomposition filter bank?
How to determine covariance matrix $Q$ and $R$ in Kalman-filter
FFT calculation suitable, Wav File, Java
How to detect the exception by SVM with openCV
Is this a image similarity problem?
Are there condition numbers associated with the STFT, DWT?
Minimum Shift Keying (In-phase, Quadrature Components derivation)
Impulse response of a system
Performing image equalisation and then Jpeg compression
Normalization purpose in signal processing
Is there any research work on the possible data structures that can be used to represent an architectural design of a building?
How can Recognize handwriting number
I'm confuse how to use pdf to predict next state in particle filter
Prove using superposition that an LTI system is linear
OpenCV Motion Analysis: Optical Flow vs Motion History
retrieve phase of an extrapolated periodic 1D signal
Is this how the lowpass butterworth analog filter can be implemented?
Is it necessary to apply some window method, to obtain the FFT? Java
system response: time vs frequency. Why do I get different magnitudes?
Improving Digitization by Adding White Noise Before Oversampling
Adding Dirac Delta with Unit Step
What does it mean compute spectra of Center of Press?
Legal issues when using a paper
Suggested Preprocessing methods for OCR on Circular Images
Periodicity of the output of causal time-invariant systems when the input is periodic
Critically Sampled Laplacian Pyramid from 2nd Generation Wavelet
contrast curves problems
Applying lowpass and highpass filters to an image in frequency domain in MATLAB
Important differences between BCJR and SOVA algorithms?
Line tracing folowing a path of an almost connected components
Using only positive frequencies in fourier domain, How will it affect the ifft?
IQ imbalance on quadrature signal
SNR calculation when noiseless signal is not known
Filter sharpening; a stub
Analog signal can be discrete time?
Conceptual question on FFT/IFFT (IFFT existence)
Discrete Fourier Transform: Prove that only N distinct values of {X(k)} can be computed
Feature Detection on a Circular Metal Surface for Character Recognition
What is a 'time-variant' signal?
Creating synthetic frequency domain box filter vs 4 pixels in corners
Modulating Gaussain Pulse
Psudocode implementation of true envelope
Horizontal banding (flickering) due to electronic rolling shutters
Fit a line pattern on curve with unknown number of points
FFT Overlap in Matlab
Understanding circular convolution
Shouldn't the Sampling Theorem imply that there should be no information loss at all after a signal is processed?
VAD speech databases
detect impact from digital audio
FFT: Removed padded zeroes?
Efficient Marker Detection for Images
Estimate Image power spectrum of the noise
Estimating Velocity from Fuzzy Position Data with Known Uncertainty
convolution of a real and complex signal
Discrete Fourier transform of even function
Problems filtering image with prewitt
pattern recognition in a time series
"Time To Lock" in Bit Timing Synchronisation
How to determine SNR from FFT of measured data?
Distribution of a signal covariance matrix
Is it possible to hack camera calibration without having access to the camera?
Will lossy compression prevent me from performing audio analysis?
Generate projection image by OpenGL or Matlab
Trying to recreate sawtooth and square wave in Matlab
PLL and zero crossing detection
sampling a signal below nyquist rate
Is there a convolution mistake in my method?
Confusion about 'memoryless' meaning
Internet from Direct Broadcast Serivce
How to narrow the frequency band of a wavelet
Auto/cross correlation of a cosine in the context of an adaptive beamformer
Speech recognition and comparison algorithms
pitch extraction for speech
Linear Regression Filter Properties
Filtering Passband Signals using Complex Baseband Filtering
Why Matlab fdatool designed butterworth filter and butter command's co-efficients are different
Fast/efficient way to compute Laplacian edge enhancement filter
Histogram matching (specification) in Python
Fourier descriptors: trying to classify objects
Spectrogram of a chirp and its FFT
pre-emphasis filter - parameter a
Is a negative Es/No for an SCPC RF signal possible, and what would such a value signify?
autocorrelation A to K conversion for LPC speech analysis?
Allpass filter feedforward/feedback design and code
What are characteristics of shadows in an image given an outdoor setting from an image processing point of view?
Re sizing and thresholding small font scanned Arabic words
Object Detection Algorithms
Vowel detection using MFCC
Simulating noise in OFDM
Has anyone used Siglib? Answer a question on the FFTr function?
how do you compute the channel gain from path loss index in wireless communication?
Difference between the use of 'bandwidth' in DSP and computer networking
Formulas to plot Frequency Impulse Response Coefficients
The Phase Information of the DFT
Cross correlation peak value
Energy and SpectralFlatnessMeasure taken for PCM audio VoiceActitivyDetection
Is my algorithm about blob tracking for vehicle following correct?
Ambiguity function of multiple sines
improve delay detection between two signals
SigLib FSk Function: SDA_FskModulate
Upsampling PCM audio: from 6 kHz to 8kHz
Selecting the Low Pass FIR Filter, Decimation, DSP
Illustration of time domain aliasing cancellation (TDAC, MDCT, lapped transform)
Fourier transform possible on non-rectangular part of an image
Removing periodic noise from image using Fourier transform
In filter design, why isn't it possible to have a frequency response with phase 0?
Phase difference between two sinuisoidal signal
Image registration / fusion optimal similarity metrics
Fundamental frequency
Do signals with a Fourier transform with discontinuities or zero amplitude (in some frequencies) have Laplace transform?
extracting audio and video from video file
Avoiding identifying objects within previously identified objects in MATLAB
Denoise images with wavelets
How to remove the noise without destroying the main edge?
FM demodulation amplifier with saturation
All pass systems- Poles and Zeros
What DSP method are consumer products like the game Rocksmith and guitar polyphonic tuners likely to use for multiple f0 detection?
Algorithm implemented in the timeseries\resample function of Matlab
Sound source locator using multiple microphones — How to?
How to detect peaks in a microcontroller?
Relationship between FRF, FFT, AutoPower, & CrossPower
Magnitude value of filter frequency response
Introduction to IP : Laplacian of Gaussian?
Detection of an FSK Signal
Real valued FFT in Matlab
Can the inverse system of a stable system be unstable?
Is there a way to perform 2-D image rotation by matrix multiplication?
Sampling orthogonal signals
How to choose suitable segmentation process for image processing
use scale space representation to filter one image
OFDM transmitter bandwidth
Poisson Noise Removal from an Image
Confused with convolutions in scipy
Classification from a feature vector
Gap Filling Contours / Lines
Matlab coding for bandwidth interval
Duration of unknown rectangular pulse with additive white Gaussian noise
Extract a square-shaped signal which lies in a specific range
Measuring non-planar objects in image
Best Approach on How To Sample and Process
Fixing my FFT Plot
What is the correct inverse function of the Matlab function fft?
Apply FIR filters to Extract Stego from WAV data
Is this image good enough for OCR?
What if the Down sampling factor is not an integer?
How convert scal to frequency when use cwt in matlab
How to transform or distort or skew a rectangular image to fit arbitrary quad
How to select the center frequency and filter type for 5-band digital audio equalizer?
How to produce a high-pass filter from a low-pass one?
How does sampling a frequency result in a duplicated spectrum?
Adjust Matlab Gui parameter while playing an audio
Difference between single channel and single microphone separation
(python+opencv) haar cascade training using cloud computing
Splitting of signal into different components for calculation of PSD
removing vocal from audio file
Difference between Digital signal and Discrete signal
Concept of combining multiple FIR Filters into 1 FIR filter
Least Squares and Auto and Cross Correlation
LTI system output
Discrete Time Fourier Transform to Frequency Domain
Is DCT basicly a filter?
System Properties; Linear, Causal, Time-Invariant, Stable?
time domain data into FFT using Matlab
Question regarding filter implementation - Audio EQ Cookbook
What does it mean for an image to be "Markovian"?
Equalizing $1/f$ noise
When sampling theory condition fails, what should I do?
Good way to detect pulse with known width with background noise?
Given an image how should I detect this is a day picture or night picture?
Morphological Gradient Versus Linear Gradient in Image Processing
Features for audio levels imbalance in films between speeh/music/effects
Deriviation of the "Twiddle Sum" property
Energy calculation in frequency domain
Determine Frequency Resolution samples
Discrete or continuous Kalman filter?
What is the ideal type of barcode for paper tickets?
regarding autocorrelation and derivation of original signal
Velocity estimation knowing acceleration and displacement from measurements using Kalman filter
Combine multiple FFT
Signal Sampling
Clarification about wavelet thresholds
Find impulse response and frequency response through given filter
Claim: Given sampling time T, the hold operator is approximated at low frequency by a time delay of T/2
Is there a better Fourier Transform-based algorithm to use in Image recognition
Transforming FFT to Detect Baud Rate
How to intuitively understand the state space formulation of discrete time system?
Real-time block processing setup on ARM
Histogram Equalization - mapping a certain portion of pixels to pure black and white
Solving simple transfer function
Deconvolve a symmetric sequence into minimum-phase and maximum-phase sequences
What is bispectrum?
How to tell whether an image has a low gamma (Finding out imaging system tone map)
trying to downsample audio
"Normalizing" PSD of unequal window lengths
Use wavelet transform to extract a waveform of certain frequency
Need critical help: How to detect and distinguish two very similar looking signals?
Soft question: Why do we need to reconstruct a signal?
How to prove this theorem about the Z transform and final value theorem?
Strange phase spectrum from stft
Creating a texture image from existing image
Can wavelets be used for complex texture discrimination?
How to implement a moving average in C without a buffer?
How do I identify CUTOFF frequency from my audio signal?
How to segment object when it has similar histogram with background
How to plot the Hilbert Spectrum in Hilbert-Huang transform?
Extract graph data from map image
Converting musicg spectrogram output to dBFS
What is the capacity of MIMO channels with deterministic interference plus random noise
How do I deal with occlusion, warping, or perspective distortion for object detection
How to remove text region in a document image? or extract image from a document image
Fractional equalizer with non-integer oversampled signal as input
Training own classifiers using trainCascadeObjectDetector for face detection
What is the best book on Digital Signal processing for math majors?
Does the OFDM MMSE Channel Estimator Require Prior Channel Knowledge?
Output of a band pass filter
How to choose sampling rate for non-band limited signal given as an expression?
What is the difference between cubic interpolation and cubic "Spline" interpolation?. How to use it for upsampling purpose?
A clarinet has no even harmonics. What would produce no odd harmonics?
Sampling rate effect on quantizer SNR
How to interpret this!! I am confused!
WSS Ergodic Process with Power Spectrum
What is the proof of the equation for the aliased frequency fa = |R*n - fs|?
How to implement HOG with trilinear interpolation by Matlab?
Why is the Fourier transform of a Dirac comb a Dirac comb?
What is the rate of expansion of an image as it aproaches the human eye?
Ideal BandPass Filter
why wavelet coefficients are zeros after decomposition
Measuring typical seperation between patches using 2D Fourier Transform
Low order sinc interpolation vs. polynomial interpolation for variable fractional delay
Transmit bitstream from USB over radio
MATLAB flanger...zipper noise, crackling, help with interpolation values?
Video: Detecting a digital timer and when it ticks
What is the difference between multiplying a delta and a step versus convolving a delta and a step?
What is the DCT used for in Computer Vision?
Confused about Hamming window and its relation with frequency response specification
filter out an expected but not regular signal
"Circular shift - invariant" distance
Alternative to BIBO stability of a system
Books/resources for implementing various mathematical functions in fixed point arithmetic for DSP purposes
Distinguish between 2D and 3D objects according to depth
Ridge finding in noisy 2D image
Why are there so many windowing functions?
Basic question: Why is the output of a system the convolution between the impulse response and the input?
Saddle points, Nodes and Edges definitions
Periodic Signal Fourier Transform
dvb-s to dvb-c direct transmodulation
Simple FFT convolution with impulse response wav file doesn't give the right results
How to determine best fit from two?
Is multirate signal processing involved in ADSL?
Explanation relevant to the filter response ($\mathrm{sinc}$ interpolation) - Equation $(2)$ in my question
Ear Test using MATLAB
Pinhole calibration
carrier frequency difference
Obtain transfer function from signal flow graph
Help me understand the phase of an FIR filter
Sampling theorem and signals explained to a mathematician
Negative values of the FFT
Segmentation of overlapping noisy parallelograms in a binary image
Calculating the power of a signal
Processing 47-53 MHz signal sampled at 96000 Hz
What is meant by *sampling* in terms of the *sampling theorem*?
What is the relation of the transition band's width and the filter order for the FIR windowing method
How to implement Fourier Descriptor of an image?
How to concatenate IIR filter (Butterworth) with a Matlab function and evaluate the integral
High temporal precision in coherence?
adequate sampling frequency in measuring acoustic emission
How to apply the provided wave transforms on an image
What is done to minimize distortion due to the hold operation?
Can someone explain complex mapping as appears in Ogata's textbook
When do we normalize data in audio processing?
What is the sampling rate in this case?
How to plot Full spectrum with negative frequencies
What is the best method for measuring of room reverberation time?
Ideas for a college assignment
Causal question on a discrete signal
Discrete Fourier Transform of PMF and PDF
What is the relationship between poles and system stability?
Signal FFT conversion problem
How to know if a audio file is real lossless using its spectrogram?
Instantaneous magnitude
How can I automatically identify and remove a fundamental frequency and all of its harmonics?
detecting position of lost samples
How to find transfer function looking bode plot
denosing using soft thresholding or hard thresholding in matlab
Frequency Domain Filtering with big kernel size
Difference between DC component and zero frequency component of signal
Window function for signal with 3-5 sine waves inside
Equivalent of the Shepp-Logan phantom for video denoising
imshow command for Gaussian function
kalman filter with time-varying noise?
when is a kalman filter different from a moving average?
Separate two voices from a speech signal
Watermark audio files
Microphone Array null steering unexpected results after IFFT
What kind of filter is that? Is it IIR?
How to identify useful elements of audio recording and ignore lulls?
How to perform FFT on stored digital data
sequence to perform filtering? which filter first?
How to prove that frequency mixer is a nonlinear system?
Does FFT magnitude spectrum graph consist of spectral lines or points
How does Arbib's clustering method work?
Why should the cut off frequency and the transition bandwidth (BW) be expressed as a fraction of sampling rate?
evaluating individual terms of 2D DFT (Goertzel?)
Generating Gaussian noise uncertainty?
How can noise be added to a signal to obtain a specific SNR?
What is the transfer function $H_{xy}$ of this flow graph?
Recover signal from sum of AM and FM
Difference between $\tt freqz()$ and $\tt plot(abs(fft()))$ in MATLAB
Measuring frequency response range of piezoelectric disc
MATLAB: Decimation image
Teager-Kaiser Operator vs. Hilbert Transform
Amplitudes and phases of transform of an image
Objective, repeatable sound quality measurements and metrics
IIR low pass filter: floating point and fixed point
Extracting amplitudes of components from FFT
Gaussian noise generator algorithm trouble
non-standard error function for adaptive filter
Fixed Point queries-1
Efficient calculation of correlation function every $N^{\rm th}$ point
How to test the FIR filter in C++?
Multi-Stage digital FIR filter vs Single stage FIR filter. Which is better?
Algorithm to pan audio
Detecting phones in a word audio
How to detect letters in an image?
Steganography - What techniques exist to hide an image in an audio file?
Relationship between "received" signal power and "transmitted" energy per bit?
Basic question about chirp signal
How to apply a 2D -2D homography matrix to an image?
Noise power transient at output of RC filter
Beginner - use FFT to display spectrum/equalizer
Fixed point conversions
How to implement anisotropic diffusion using java?
Phase response of FFT in practice
Significance of $ \lambda $ in Basis Pursuit
Regularized Least Squares by Laplacian Operator - Optimal Value of the Regularization Factor (Lagrangian Multiplier)
How to check whether a continuous signal is periodic or not?
Relation between Gaussian and Savitsky-Golay kernels
Phase is not linear in frequency domain after delay in time domain
Best Car Recognition Algorithm
2D IIR filter design (x-axis width proportional to y-axis)
Determining the point in a temporal signal when a periodic behavior begins to occur
Multi Image (Same Noise Realization) Denoising
Sampling of a band-limited analog signal: DFT and aliasing
DFT and Inverse DFT in Image Processing
Correction of signal after High-pass RC-filter
Is it possible to reconstruct an image using its magnitude only?
How to determine stopband of discrete Gaussian, stdev sigma, support N
What preprocessing technique can help me to filter the background text noises using matlab...the image is shown below?
How does sampling and subsequent resampling affect aliased harmonics?
Circle detection opencv
Manual Extraction of Filter Phase Response with MATLAB using sweep sine
DFT vs FFT: does odd number works for DFT only?
LPF - signal values unaffected at specific times
Signal Processing using Fourier Transform
Signal Processing using Fourier Transform1
What does one call this method of grid fitting?
can MFCC coefficients alone be used to do voice detection?
best implementation of a real-time, fixed-point iir filter with constant coefficients
Confused about anti-aliasing in analog filters
Contrast stretching Equation problem
Question About $ Q $ Matrix (Model Process Covariance) in Kalman Filter
What is the 2D Fourier Transform of this function?
Calculation frequency response of digital filter with known structure
Upscaling detection approach
Inferring space domain signal from 2D DFT
homography matrix problem
What's the use case and explanation of frequency-domain subsampling?
Resampling signal in MATLAB
Markov processes
Noise from quantization and sampling frequency
Removing unwanted square-wave noise from a signal
Most efficient phase linear x4 resampling algorithm
Quantization Image using MATLAB
How to make equivalent system using the Noble Identity?
FFT Result - which bins are useful
What is the difference between Linear Interpolation factor and Sampling rate conversion factor?
What is the best codec for streaming of audio in this case?
Correct the phase of several damped sines
Plot the frequency response of MTI delay line canceller using Octave
Processing OBPSK as OQPSK
I/Q Sampling and Demodulation
IIR filter implementation in Direct Form 2
Efficient Hessian-Laplace blob detector implementation
Removal of noise from vibration recordings
Removing the 'red' artifact from my JPEG
Difference between speech and music signal
Vehicle detection in matlab
How to find orthonormal basis function in the following digital communication problem?
Weighted Nuclear Norm Minimization for Image Denoising
Aligning frames with common elements
Difference between Sub Sampling and Down Scaling of Images
Is a high-passed signal the same as a signal minus a low-passed signal?
Preprocessing signal before LPC
What is the minimum sampling duration to capture a given frequency?
Complex Morlet Wavelet piano sound analysis
Is there a way to separate 2 signals recorded on the same channel?
Get a N-FFT with two N/2-FFT already computed
Compute Similarity between Fourier Transforms
Kiss fft does not work after giving it more than 32 samples
Medical Image quality assessment
Fast Fourier Transformation using parallel processing coding for image processing
Transformation of coordinate set
Don't understand coefficients in MATLAB "butter" low pass result
I have some questions about background subtraction with Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM)
Calculating Affine Transformation matrix from 4 corner points
Processing Accelerometer Vibration Data With FFT
Spectral centroid range between 0.45 to 0.5, almost doesn't react to mic input
Unit delay operator as parameter in function
Directivity Pattern of microphone array
Relationship of Fourier Transform and Spatial Directivity Pattern
Feature extraction for sound recognition and classification
Use Zero Padding to find hidden peaks
Oversampling and Aliasing
MFCC help: Same sound, different coefficients?
Is it correct to call this Gaussian Mixture Model?
Decomposing a DFT into multiple FFT calls
How to scale fundamental frequency to [0,1]?
How to compute magnitude and phase response from transfer function in Z-domain?
Resample an array in real-time (application: pitch-bend)
Why are MFCCs of two equivalent signals completely different?
Image warping with subpixel accuracy
Is there a algorithm for detecting bursts in signal?
Must OFDM signal be time-division in a multiple-transmitter and SFN system when the signal is free of spread-spectrum?
Recognition of markes in long audio recording
FFT bin interpolation for low frequency with DC offset
just getting started in Signal Processing - easy question
Coding a Variable Delay with LFO (MATLAB/C)
How is the lowpass to bandpass transformation derived?
How to manipulate attenuation in Parks MClellan algorithm?
What kind of information can we obtain from curvature for exemplar-based inpainting?
can measurements go out of the uncertainty bounds?
Downsampling, Filtering and Averaging
Does $ Ev(\cos(4\pi t)u(t)) $ signal has period?
Doubt in state space representation
why is the plot of the PSD of this autocorrelation function oscillating?
Sinc Interpolation implementation in Matlab for reconstructing or interpolating?
Advantages/disadvantage of zero padding
LPC produces unexpected residual
Compare feature vectors of an image in MATLAB
good free software (or code) to separate multiples sources in a single wav?
Can sample aliasing of strictly white noise lead to random walk (drift) in the sampled signal?
Stability of an unstable system using nonlinear element. Is it possible or not?
How to take acoustic measurements of a clasroom
How to equalize frequency contents using filter?
What is an AMDF?
How to predict the cramped frequency of a digital filter based on an analogue frequency?
Playing back an audio file at an arbitrary rate with upsampling and downsampling
Recursive Implementation of the Gaussian Filter
Filtering and Fourier Transforming, does the order matter?
Yule walker equation limited matrix size
How do I implement LIBSVM for multiclass classification using java?
Rectangular 8 QAM bit error rate calculation
How compute frequency of signal from zero crossing?
How the weight $ω_{i,t}$ is initialized in Background subtraction GMM (Gaussian Mixture Model)?
CLAHE - Redistributing excess pixels among histogram bins
A question about the sampling theorem
Can a digital image be considered as a tensor ? or have a tensor like structure?
Skew detection and correction using Fourier transform
what kind of information we can get if the auto-correlation for an image is a ring or two rings?
Can OFDM modulate analog signal?
Why is telephone audio sampled at 8 kHz?
How to design a narrow band pass filter without DSP toolbox
What does it mean to deconvolve the impulse response
FIR difference equation vs convolution summation
Tinnitus Masking with broadband Noise
Improving the separation of a signal into source and filter
What does the word 'bin' mean in the context of FFT's?
matlab fft phase response square wave
System Identification: smoothing in E-step of EM algorithm
Gaussian, Rayleigh, and Exponential RVs
Perform Convolution in Frequency Domain Using FFTW?
Remove Checkered Noise (Pattern) from an Image
Sub-carriers spacing in DVB-T2
Why we take different mfcc components in different programs?
Amplitude distribution of Rician faded complex signal
Fragmented recovered image using a Phase Retrieval Algorithm named Error-Reduction
What is the type of noise in this image?
How to implement the imaginary part of FFT equation applied to a signal in computer/C++?
Dark image separation
How to estimate for an exponential in WGN
Do I need an overlapping in STFT if I want to play the signal back?
How to process the .wav file to get meaningful information like the number of inhales/exhales
How should I select window size and overlap?
How matching pusuit algorithm works
Primitive Feature Detection
How can slope of low-pass biquad be configured?
Given Gain function, how to design a causal, stable and minimum phase IIR filter?
Help me understanding the super equalizer source code
Compare two voices and outline their similarity
Increasing the number of points in the frequency spectrum
Resample with unknown rate change
How to find out whether guassian or salt& pepper noise present in an image, Is there any algorithm
Effect of Gaussian Smoothing to mean image intensity
Find large distinctions in Video
Best way to morph between waveforms
Can I study continuous time Fourier Transform and treat the rest as special cases
How to add pitch-shifted version of signal to itself?
Measuring walking speed with iPhone accelerometer
How to calculate SNR before and after filtering for noise cancellation in an ecg signal in matlab?
Locally Adaptive Thresholding - How to Detect if Image Block is Uniform
This question is about modelling mechanical response of behavior in terms of signals
Frequency response of FIR (MTI delay line canceller) with non constant period
How to accurately count the time period (hardware)?
What are poles and zeros?
Why is my bode plot showing periodic behavior?
What is the difference between a sampled time system and a discrete time system?
What is the official definition of a feature in signal classification?
Is an MFCC a linear transform?
Common Filter Types for Audio Applications
What type of sensors have complex Gaussian noise?
Is it possible to know the order of the filter, just looking on the pole zero plot?
3D intensity map for grayscale image
Custom nearly-linear-phase IIR filter computation gone wrong
Frequency modulation of audio signals. Does increasing the pulse width of frequency tone result in larger operating distance?
How would I go about designing a difference equation for a given type of filter?
FFT on non-uniformally sampled signals
Linear Block Codes Digital Communication Problem
Initial state recognition in HMM
The two types of stability and "Why exponential"
Image segmentation algorithm
Book recommendations on DSP, statistical SP and signal detection
MATLAB IIRs -- extracting and scaling the coefficients of second order sections
How can noise be good?
Problem to implement a sinusoid oscillator in matlab
How to remove heart beats interference from pectoralis major electromyogram?
MATLAB band-stop filter design for room reverberation?
Determining the 'amount' of speaking in a video
snr calculation of frame
How to calculate the luminance of an image?
Reproducing MATLAB's randn
Fast convolution with very high order FIR
FASTICA algoritm produce independent components does not equal to the dimensionality of EEG signals
Z Transform problem
Decimation of motion
Detect repetitive units within signals
aliasing to a 50 Hz sine wave sampled at 5000 Hz sampling rate?
How to design very narrow band, very sharp low pass filters - Only DC needed?
Simulating BPSK Costas Loop in Matlab
Implement Fast Hartley Transform
Computing main lobe width of Hamming window in Matlab by plotting
Adaptive Digital Filter Block Diagram Question
Difference between ycbcr and ycbycr
What's the best technique to determine if the contents of two images are the same?
What is the theoretical upperbound of information that could be transmitted by a device per second?
What's the sampling frequency when synthetically generating data?
Understanding my Butterworth filter
Cross correlation with short or non periodic signals?
What programming language is going to use MATLAB programming?
Isolate the non blurred part of foucsed image
Distorted output of delay VST effect in C
Finding amplitudes from FFT data of a 2D image
What is the Sound of a Solution to the Wave Equation?
Diagonal vs non diagonal processing for audio denoising
Determining Power Spectral Density from Autocorrelation Function and Time-Series Data
Sharpen Defocused Image (Deconvolution / Image Restoration)
How to subsample shift with sinc interpolation?
Calculating SNR for ECG signals
Calculating FIR filter coefficients with the windowing method and Convolution algorithm
method to detect frequency sweep in audio
What is spatial correlation?
Deriving Time-Series Data from PSD when the Inverse Fourier Transform doesn't converge
Channel capacity with additive Gaussian noise with changing variance
Is there a closed form expression for noise other than white noise?
Sinogram Fourier Analysis Doesn't Show Clear Bow Tie Shape
How to prove: high-slope/more change is high freq part of signal
2 points and instantaneous phase sufficient to estimate amplitude and frequency of sinusoid?
Fourier Synthesis With Varying Frequencies Over Time
How to design a delay and sum beam former with fractional delay less than one sample?
What is the advantage of weighted median filter over median filter?
Find the essential bandwidth of rect function? i want the ans by using Energy spectral density and then essential bandwidth...
Periodicity of discrete time signal: $ x\left [ n \right ] = \cos (\frac{\pi n^{2}}{8}) $
Matlab FIlter coefficients to CMSIS api
How to compare the qualities of two interpolation (image resizing) algorithms?
Extract amplitudes
Transfer function block diagram
Classification SVM
FFmpeg audio filter pipeline for speech enhancement
Basic “filtering” in digital communications
optimization of Image Reconstruction Algorithm using Genetic Algorithm in Matlab
Question related to Principle of Communication
Notch filtering line noise outside of frequency band of interest
1D filter for speed input and noisy position sensor
Derivative Notation as a factor
Amplitude of frequency in MATLAB FFT
Convolution in frequency space with fft and ifft -> num output samples?
Applications or physical interpretation of auto-convolution?
Where do I start in learning how to demodulate a BPSK31 signal in software?
How to read video in octave?
What is difference between OFDM and GFDM?
segmenting an EEG data
Good inhomogenity measures in images?
Nyquist Criterion in higher dimensions
3D point cloud to 2.5D graycale image (metric) [Halcon?]
Gabor filter bank for gist features
what is the theory behind matlab butter function?
Real time fft/ifft processing
Visualising a Z-transformed Transfer Function?
Tradeoff between Filter Order and Sections
Initial value Problem with difference equation
Feature Extraction from Accelerometers for classification
Algorithm used by mironsets
Machine Vision Techniques for Sign Language Recognition and Interpretation(using Matlab)
Second-order sections from complex coefficients
Finding periodicity within sequence of time hacks
scaling issue when using scypy's firwin2 to get coefficients for a filter
Advantage of using nonideal filter in purely digital application
Basic "filtering" in digital communications
How to detect all the connected neighboring pixels which have same color value in opencv
FMCW SAR chirp return from target modelling
How to account for sample rate in a FIR Digital Filter?
How can I test an implementation of DFT for correctness?
Why does slowing down audio introduce aliasing?
What interesting audio can be synthesized with ifft
what are frequencies in a digital image?
Discrete Fourier series for a sum of deltas
Optical flow equation and real images
Noise modeling and reduction in Video when we have just noisy video
What is the significance of Z-transform?
Short Time Fourier Transform analysis of newborn baby cry signal
Formatting issue WAV - MP3?
How to estimate the period of a pulse train?
Sending a Filtered vs Non-Filtered speech over a Communication Link
Using MATLAB to define a function in signal processing 101
Subsampling data: terminology
Looking for an algorithm that computes "Similarity" between two signals
Overlap add / overlap save using FFTW
MFCC from DFT (FFT)
Generate time-domain random signal from PSD
transfer function of wiener filter
Transfer function of double exponential smoothing?
Finding the output of frequency response
Average spectrum representation - SonicVisualiser
Are SOS structures better for linear phase FIR filters?
What is differences between structured image and textured image
Frequency spectrum of signal - Matlab
Comparing Images by Defining a Reference Model
fft2 of interferometric image - how to interpret the result in term of dominant frequency
Decimating Long Data in Chunks
Predict auditory masking with a crude estimation?
Exact formula for alias of Discrete Fourier transform for periodic sigals
Melody/Vocal extraction
Image processing (number recognition) woes
Spectral leakage issue cannot solved using windowing
how to create synthetic $1/f$ noise?
Implementing a bandpass filter in R - this code's logic confuses me
Phase Offtset Bandlimited Saw Wave
In opecv function Hough circles how does parameter 1 and 2 affect circle detection and how can I adjust them to increase accuracy?
Why band-limit a signal?
What does the exponential term in the Fourier transform mean?
How do I obtain the frequencies of each value in a 2D FFT and what do they mean?
Principle of Mapper in frequency diversity in OFDM
linear interpolator replacement for the sinc function
Filter wrap-around to avoid dealing with settling time? Using a Butterworth
stockwell transform
Initialization of population for genetic algorithm in matlab
Applying Gaussian Blur in Frequency Domain
How do I zero pad time samples if I only have frequency samples?
Why is the backprojection of the Middlesbury depth map "cone shaped"?
Phase spectrum range
Calculate amplitude of noise added Sine Gaussian signal from frequency domain
Granulometry by morphological opening and closing
What is phase congruency?
What is the physical interpretation of the dB scale on a bode plot and what is a negative dB?
How to translate "phase" into "delay"
Phase shift and phase spectrum terms in multidimensional signal
Matching two very similar images
Change of discrete summation to definite integral
What is an image in DSP context?
Improvement of Minimum description length (MDL) estimate
Multi instance DSP C Source code
my Butterworth lowpass formulas do not agree with Fisher webpage
Why this two FIR filters have the same amplitude but different phase response
efficient triangle to sine morphing?
Figure of merit for 'locality of power'
position of null carriers in N=256 subcarier OFDM
Is it possible to have negative PSNR?
Normalize Fourier Transform For Video Game
filtering in frequency domain
What is the preferred method of aggregating audio FFT data given variable-size frequency bins?
Question regarding 16 QAM digital modulation
Decoders, Detectors and Demodulators
Is there a method to compute an average amplitude for 2D sinusoids using the F.C.'s?
Wiener filter optimal coefficients and the input signal
Is there a principled way to distinguish between these signals?
Haralick features, am I approaching this correctly?
recovering phase of sine signal from FFT
Motion Artifact Cancellation from ECG Signal Using 3 Axis Accelerometer Data
Causal and minimum phase
Nonlinear tricks for blocking wide band noise
system identification with delayed desired signal
Does MSAA make sense in audio / 1d data streams?
Why does downsampling increase the phase angle of poles in autoregressive models?
Audio output distorted with any FFT Windowing other than rectangular
Sub-clock FPGA delays on output line
How can I get maximum complex value from an array of complex values(524289) in python?
How to Linearise an Input Image before applying Color Correction?
Gardner timing recovery and constellation diagram
Signal conjugation detected on RF recording samples, why?
Filtering an image with a helmholtz-type equation
biquad decomposition from given magnitude response
What is meant by isotropic diffusion?
Power Spectral Density computation and units
How to plot ROC curve for weka multilayerperceptron?
Compressed Sensing and Sparsity
Simple VAD (Voice activity Detector) implementation
Why remove energy at Nyquist before ifft?
short time energy matlab code for audio feature extraction
Implementing a Number Theoretic Transform (Fermat number transform--257). Should I consider alternatives to a radix-4 cooley-tukey?
FastICA - Purpose of centering and whitening the Data
Poles and Zeros
Why does cel-shading sometimes look similar to rotoscoping?
Stitching together audio buffers with potential discontinuity at the boundary
How does the OFDM system receiver decide the OFDM symbol length?
how to solve the sampling rate conversion problem
Simulation of a pressure field developed by a song
Modulation of data bits into complex symbols in MATLAB
Difference Between monocular video and stereo video?
what are the advanatages of using a scrambler
Shift in Time-Domain after FFT-Convolution
Image processing for eye movements
Intuitive explanation of cross-correlation in frequency domain
What is the maximum frequency that can be captured by a given sampling rate?
General Questions MIMO Communication theory
Orthogonality test on fixed point FFT
Looking for a better way to posterize or normalize the colors of an image
DTFT of beat signal with shift due to multiplication
Transmission Bandwidth and Sampling frequency
100 kHz sinewave contaminating a signal sampled at 48 kHz
LTE questions (subcarriers and cyclic prefix)
Noise Removal from an Image Using OpenCV (Comparison to Neat Image)
extrapolate turning points for a sine weighted moving average?
Kalman filter, defining the measurement model
FIR filter coefficients from frequency responses
Harmonic estimation from a single note
Nash equilibrium for big data
what is the relation between a minimum phase system and a FIR system?
Questions Downlink OFDMA in LTE
How to choose between taking the real part or the absolute value of an inverse discrete Fourier transform?
Why different smartphones with same Megapixel camera have different quality of image?
ICA - Exercise Problem from book - Matlab Code
Dominating frequency in a "clear" 50 Hz signal
How do I interpolate between bins on an FFT in python?
Spectral analysis of a time series with missing data points
Finding the Harmonics contained in an Image?
Root Locus for a system
Analyzing accelerometer data: appropriate use of rotation matrices?
Inverse z transform - help
Optical Flow Problems
Lane detection and tracking using B-snake?
Fourier Decomposition
Median filter algorithm in opencv
Decibels conversion into amplitude ratio
Where is the "time and frequency" in a Discrete Wavelet Transform?
How to change the angle unit labels on polar plot in MATLAB?
OFDM modulator in LTE
Is there any reason that cross correlation would perform well or poorly on sparse binary arrays?
Do FIR filter have any application in control theory?
Pulse Shaping in Digital communication
State Space representation
How does a matched filter know about input signal beforehand?
What is the cause of slow roll off of windowed filters
cause of adaptive threshold poor result
ISI Nyquist criterion and spectral efficiency
FIR design using firpm (Parks-Mclellan)
Can we decompose a correlated random variable into correlated plus uncorrelated?
Is it only me or matlab's periodogram's function is confusing?
Differences between 2D and 3D medical Images
Filtering random Signal
Fixing drift in a recursive fixed point filter
SFBC Alamouti Scheme LTE
Signal decompositon
Matlab: is a highpass filter what I want, to obtain my required spectrogram? How do I design/apply this? (pic included)
How to apply a Butterworth filter to data of varying sample rate?
Power Spectrum in dBFs
Viterbi Decoder=1/2 k=4
low pass filter with minimal ringing
Testing discrete data for periodicity
Has this 2D filter for enhancing circular dots in images a name?
Program to display amplitude of sine signal at each interval and display separately in MATLAB
Transmission capacity in "duobinary coding"
What is the most precise frequency analysis spectrography algorythm?
comparison of speech signal processing and financial data
Deconvolution of signal which is broadened by laser spot size
How to make a plot of noise standard deviation sigma vs. brightness from a images?
How to implement path loss in wireless communications?
DAC implementation in OFDM
Inverse z transform - contour integration
Frequency and amplitude estimation with missing samples
Length and spacing autocorrelation with FFT
Complex analysis book recommendation for electrical. eng
How to find phase values on precise pixel locations of a given Image?
Checking convolution property II of z transform
Changepoint Detection of a 2D signal
Approximating the fourier coefficients from a discrete time signal
Can convolution of one signal with different signals give the same answer?
How to write e^(-1000|t|) in matlab title?
Are there any pictures of a sample accurate spectrogram on the web or in books?
What is Fourier transform in terms of area under the curve?
Averaging Multiple Magnitude Spectra
Finding if a signal is periodic
How can I detect known frequencies using most efficient algorithm
Solving Scale and Permutation indeterminacies in Blind Source Separation
How to estimate the noise of an image?
16 bit PCM Audio Sounds Like Bit Crushing
How many different filters are needed for in an iterated filter bank?
What is the reason for "random" spikes in amplitude of a guitar waveform?
Matrix expansion into bases
Opinion about this aproach on Machine Learning
get convex hull of isolated shapes with openCV/C++
why fourier series gives lower amplitude for max value of signal
How does kernel work in unsharp masking?
What the terms Basis functions and Orthogonal denote in case of signals?
Properties of Stochastic Processes
digital low pass Butterworth filter
DFT and FFT application in signal processing
Adaptive Filter Gradient Descent
Phase Linearization
Design Filter with Arbitrary Magnitude and Phase Response in Matlab
how to estimate the noise of a signal?
Concepts Surrounding First Two Samples in Difference Equation
FFT of signal with starting value zeros
transient response of simple digitalized RC low-pass filter
Find the Differential Equation of an Analog Band Pass Filter
What is sound output delay of a band pass filter at different freqencies?
Help choosing coefficients for a simple FIR filter to extract DC component
Invert soundsc function in Matlab
Filter impulse response order calculation
Sinusoidal Wave Terminology
How do can we cancel out noises while listening voice on headphones?
What is the difference between neural network and deep neural network. an example thank you
Convolution of one signal with an evenly spaced signal
What is the right way to extract particular frequency phase information from FFT?
Proof of time-invariance of continuous-time system
What is the scaling function and wavelet function at wavelet analysis?
Parks-McClellan - compiling C++ code from Iowa Hills page
Balance brightness and contrast between two images
Key detection Dance Music inaccuracies - matlab
Why not stop with the first level decomposition in wavelet?
Is MATLAB the best coding tool for Digital Image Processing?
Can poles of z-transform transfer function be zero to eliminate transient response?
What is meant by "complete set" in the context of affine wavelets?
Image region-based representation
WFM SDR and Audio resolution
Sketching Phase Spectra Using Group Delay and Magnitude Spectra Informations
How to cover all spectrum in wavelet when it which is behalved?
what is the difference between $X(j\omega)$ and $X(\omega)$ notation
Why adaptive filter does not work in my application
why do we use $X(e^{j\omega})$ instead of $X(j\omega) $ in Discrete Time FT
Signal remains constant when implementing FSK
fixed point implementation of 1/x
What is the physical meaning of the s-space?
Correlation between two graphs in Matlab
scanning an image for projected points
Ideal reconstruction after down sampling
Enhance image in matlab - exp operation - imageJ software-LPR
MATLAB Haming window
How to extend hough lines over the image space
LTI system, Fourier transform, unit step function, sine wave
Zero-padding a plot
Convert low pass continuous time filter design to bandpass, discrete time
Equalization and then Sharpening vs Sharpening and then Equalization
Getting wrong periodogram
Why/How a Gaussian Channel is both band-limited and Power limited?
How does a wavelet help in image compression?
Welch's Power Spectral Density - Time-Averaging Explanation
DFT dirac simplification
Receiver multiple taps
how to add two images in one, next to each other
How do you find the position of when a signal changes frequency?
Can an infinite bandwidth signal be an infinite-time signal?
DSP finite impulse response (MATLAB)
FIR Filter Design - input parameters conversion
input output read/write frequency
Fourier transform's sine and cosine count as N grows
Compare phase and magnitude spectrum results of 2 Images
Create Matched Filter Reference Signal when Scaling Unknown
Authoritative DSP book/reference material on Psychoacoustics
Embedded Image Processing System that sends photos to Smartphone via Bluetooth
What is the difference between upsampling and up conversion (done during signal transmission)? Also is upconversion different from modulation?
Getting a part of the invert of Si function
Sobel Filter Operatios
Matlab: if given nothing but an audio file, how do I modify it to produce incrementally lower signal to noise ratios?
Sparse Channel Estimation in OFDM System
adding noise to a signal
1D Deconvolution with Gaussian Kernel (MATLAB)
Number segmentation techniques
Why don't DSLR cameras default to png instead of jpeg?
Implementing Optimal Crosstalk Cancellation with matlab
List of Fourier coefficientes to simulate musical instruments
FIR Filter Design - from slope and cutoff frequency
FIR Filter phase shift and stability
Carrier sense multiple access, MAC layer
FIR Filter Design - obtaining FIR coefficients from frequency response
What are the units of amplitude of my ultrasonic recording equipment
Doppler Model, how does it affect the fading impulse response?
Why do we care if a system is BIBO stable?
MATLAB frequency magnitude spectrum
Scrambler generator polynomial with initial state
What is the output of IFFT operations, continuous or discrete time?
How sine wave is generated using lookup tables
Get problem to understand "Topological Structural Analysis of Digitized Binary Images by Border Following" Suzuki Abe
Downsampling an Oversampled packet
FFTW - Inverse FFT input data
nyquist fequency
Which anti aliasing filter algorithm for efficient audio resampling?
amplitude compensation after filtering and mixing audio
Aliasing of a Signal
is $F(x,n)=x(-n + 2)$ time invariant?
is $F(x, n)=x(n)u(n)$ time invariant?
Drawing a Spectrogram off of FFT - what are the decibels relative to?
Calculating the network function of a filter
What is the delta parameter in $\tt scal2freq$?
What kind of filter is this?
How to determine the filter type of a discrete frequency spectrum
64 QAM versus lower order modulation
FIR filter phase response
Why every musical instrument sounds different than any other while listening?
How to Calculate Gaussian Kernel for a Small Support Size?
what is the name of this curve
How to convert HDMI to VGA through a computer using software?
Detect dog barks
FIR Filter matlab command
What windowed Sinc might be closest to a Parks–McClellan low-pass filter?
Far field spherical waves plane waves
Effect of frequency shift on a sound signal
BER of OQPSK Modulation
Tricks for computing rapidly changing biquad coefficients
How to show the time history of a signal down-sampled ? under the rate of 25Hz & 40Hz and find its DFT analysis?
Modulation GMSK with I/Q
What do we espect Likelihood function used for?
KLT tracker implementation
Result of a specfic plot
Constant Modulus Algorithm and the Gradient Operation
MIDI out from freeware sequencer to PD or Max/MSP
What does it mean when one model fit the data better than does a comptitor model?
Frequency Spectrum of a sequence
what is in intuitive explanation of local derivative pattern (LDP)?
I am trying to transform a signal into multiple images but the images are not clear
Upsampling by zero padding or duplicating sequence
Noise removal from audio using FFT/Spectral editing
Beginner level : Help with terminologies : smooting length, length of channel, channel equalization delay, blind system identification, equalization
Spectral density of signal written as quadratures
FFT peak estimation: Zero-padding vs signal repetitioon
MATLAB : Proper estimation of weights and how to calculate MSE for QPSK signal for Constant Modulus Algorithm
Inputs for system identification
What is the low-pass filter that gives minimal transient response?
Which algorithms one can use for matrix inversion (for beamforming application MVDR/LCMV) in Fixed Point?
Why can CPRI links not be wireless?
Controlling one signal with another one (Rocket engine effect - Subtractive synthesis of sound)
Parallel Goertzel filters in C#
Slight crackle with overlap-add frequency-domain convolution
spectral mask and power spectral density
Algorithm for Color Balancing an Image
Minimum Energy Delay Property
How does sampling rate affect discrete filters?
How does multi-rate processing work?
Am i performing Sinesweep correctly?
Chebyshev waveshaping
Is this code for doing a moving average correct?
Perfect system identification or am i doing something wrong?
Problem in reading speech waveforms
Applying a high-pass filter on constant signal
MATLAB, recover a signal that has a cosinusoidal interference and that has been AM modulated
Getting the frequency of a 0.33Hz to 3Hz signal
How to set sampling frequency of an acceleration data set
Why does speeding up audio files with VLC Player not match with doing the same thing with RPG Maker or Audacity?
FFT function of Gaussian pulse
BPSK vs $\pi/2$ BPSK, what the benefits?
System indentification different inputs
Forecasting with ARMA models, from a filter point of view
5.1 Rear To 5.1 Side mixing matrix
Data representations for speech data
FFT "Brick Wall" Low Pass Filter Not Smoothing Output
Classifying sleep stages from only EEG
Find Stopband Edge Frequency
Finding dependence between two sparse signals
MMSE Equalizer in communication system
pre-processing to improve feature detector before tracking
What is the difference between wide sense and strict sense stationary processes?
Requirement on processor and memory for image processing
FIR Filters: determining optimal number of taps and phase slope
How to effectively teach topic of frequency domain?
I'm looking for the concept about estimated standard deviation
How Fourier decomposition is performed?
Use of equalizers in communication systems for Intersymbol Interference
Sine sweep vs impulse response
Help in deriving the update rule for equalizer
General questions regarding OFDM modulation
Determining how similar a signal is to a sine wave
Nyquist rate and oversampling
Applying a mathematical function to a 16-bit Python array
Sine wave phase shift from Fourier Transform
Differential BPSK vs BPSK what are the advantages and disadvantages?
Ways to identify if music has vocal timbres in it?
Synchronizing data sent over sound beeps with Goertzel Detection, C#
How to learn image processing / computer vision in a practical way?
K-means for 2D point clustering in python
How can I move a signal in frequency so that it ends at the frequency zero?
Sampling frequency and oversampling factor
How to find first 25 coefficients of DCT in Matlab?
Compare between JPEG and JPEG2000
Removing periodic spike noise from ECG signal
Inverse DTFT Problem
What is spectral entropy?
Spreading symbols with sequence before transmission
Is Bernstein ever used in DSP?
Comparison between 2 images in Frequency domain
FFT with day-periodic data
Effect of Pulse shaping on BER
What is spectral subtraction?
Output signal in digital communication
Applying a FIR filter to floating point array c#
Does clipping noise colour the spectrum
Biquad high-pass filter - calculating filter slope
SURF feature extractor and descriptor
Identification of a given barcode as either 1 D or 2 D
Spectral Whitening: Approches
Conjugation in Fourier Transform
How Come RIP Guarantees Unique Restoration of the Sparse Solution by $ {L}_{1} $ Minimization?
Inverse Z-transform mystic simplification
Pilot symbols in IEEE 802.11a
Help for baseline drift removal/correction
Tracking a ball (using EmguCV)
Upsample - filter - downsample
Normalizing the magnitude of Goertzel Filter c#
Is it possible to do single vehicle tracking using Fourier transform?
Shift a signal by fraction of a sample
Reconstruction of bandpass filtered signal from decimated version of itself
New Horizons at Pluto
Raised-Cosine filter - design
Equiripple Filter-Design
Fourier transform of an image
Kalman filter - understanding the noise covariance matrix
What does zero-mean noise mean?
what is the amplitude of quantization levels?
Discrete Sinusoidal to State Space
Autocorrelation Lag In Seconds Explanation?
Are there any other libraries for Image Processing using hadoop?
How to estimate carrier frequency & amplitude for several overlapped template signal
What does it mean to say that "sinc" filters are ideal?
How much deviation is acceptable in FFT calculations (using computer algorithms)?
Phase plot in Bode Diagrams
Wavelet-based C/C++ Peak finding libraries
Issues with the smoothing operator in coherence estimation using the complex Morlet (Gabor) wavelet
Integral of an upsampled signal, without actually resampling it
Autocorrelation function between received and training signal used for channel estimation
Can an Delta Dirac function (not response) ever be sampled?
What does standard deviation of noise 1 mean?
This is about signal processing in the first radar
How to detect spheres in SEM (scanning electron microscope) images?
How can I classifying this License Plate images? Matlab , LPR ,
What's the fastest way to get the phase angle and amplitude of a COSINUS 50hz signal?
PSS convertion from Frequency to time domain
Questions regarding OFDM, FFT, IFFT
How to add white gaussian noise to an image in Matlab?
Is the common FIR Filter delay line (see pic) also valid on purely logical FPGA implementations?
Zero-frequency response of an IIR transfer function
how to extract meaning from signal (distance estimation)?
Transfer function, amplitude response and difference equation for a filter
ًWhy we use fourier transform in most of spectrum estimation approaches?
Restricted Isometry Property (RIP) in Compressive Sensing
Why are ideal filters not particularly useful/ hard to do?
A sequence OFDM modulated with normalization factor
What does clipping gaussian noise mean?
Help with Hankel transform filters
Changes of phase in high frequency makes the speaker "clicks"
In-phase and Quadrature demodulation
what is the difference between HSV and CIE-Lab color space?
Simulation at Baseband or Passband
Cannot recreate a simple Nyquist series in Matlab
goertzel or bandpass?
change function from continuous to discrete
What is the difference between transport delay and dead time?
What is the difference between i.i.d noise and white noise?
Getting blobs from similar colored contours in grayscale image
How to form Kalman filtering matrices for a problem with variable acceleration?
Difference between MATLAB hough and my implementation
Discontinuity at the edge of Chebychev window
How to get main frequency from digital signal
How can one put information within a signal waveform and make it to traverse through different kind of medium?
How do I perform Spectral Analysis (FFT, Windowing, Detrending) on Sonic Anemometer Data?
When sinusoidal input starts at n=0, why are transient response associated with z-transform poles of digital filter?
Reflecting negative frequency to positive frequency
Smooth (not) equally-spaced signal strength data
Any basic paper on biomedical signal processing to practise with?
Recover signal from its spectral amplitude and envelope
stretch factor in SOLA time stretch methods
Is there an exact solution for this re-sampling problem?
ECG noise filtering using FIR Bandpass Filter
Performance of Viterbi detector over non-minimum phase channels
Sampling rate of a sinusoidal Signal
Can Aliasing Happen in Laplacian Pyramids?
Using Goertzel to find phase shift
How to get the autocorrelation of this finite discrete function?
Can the Z-Transform be used to create smoothed 3D surfaces from point clouds?
How to write time waveform of transmitted sequence with certain chip rate?
HEVC Deblocking filter algorithm
Log Distance Path Loss Model
Comparison of Baseband simulation results and experimental results at Passband
I have a sequence which is made of complex exponentials with arbitrary amplitudes and initial phases. No noise
what sampling rate and bit depth should i use?
signal's spectrum energy
Properties of a custom wavelet family for continuous wavelet transform
Why does the impulse response determine the transfer function of a system?
Filtering of complex exponential functions
Implementation of a cascaded IIR filter
Metal Defect Detection
Carrier frequency offset and carrier leakage
implementation of Fourier denoising with hard threshold
Why are LTI systems defined by convolution, why not in any other way?
Meaning of Real and Imaginary part of Fourier Transform of a signal
Parameter selection for log distance path loss model
mathematical transfer for different camera attributes
Pre-processing EEG signals
Why isn't this AM Demod GNU Radio flow graph working with different sampling rates?
Baseline correlation for template matching
Blind Signal separation vs .... what?
Which filter for an audio equalizer
State definition in Viterbi Algorithm?
How to remove gaussian noise and poisson noise?
In which area the image dithering technique is used?
Fourier Transform for speech signal
Any simple Digital All-Pass Filter Design Tools?
Signal processing - why compute imaginary part?
Fourier Transform of a Pulse Train (Frequency Comb Simulation)
Pixel time series trend: What are the causes?
How can I get a equation of slope?
Golay complementary sequences for channel estimation - MATLAB
How to determine the order from Auto-Regressive model in Matlab?
Path loss effect on BER
How to emulate human sound recognition
Can software distinguish between different musical instruments
How to determine relative distance between 3 in-phase transmitters by analysis of received signal
What is the reason for filtering out the negative frequencies of a signal?
Is this model nonlinear?
Is negative frequency important in calculating Spectral Moments
Computationally 'lightweight' smoothing in realtime
Chip rate and sample rate
difference between mean filter and order statistic filter
Modelling transmitter and receiver impairments in communication system
Computing cross-correlation of two images using OpenCV
Necessity of Cyclic Prefix in OFDM
Sample and reconstruct a real exponential (just one period)
Goertzel filter Poles on unity circle influence of a behavior of a signal at high frequency
What is a proper chunk size for audio analysis?
Conditions on $v \in \mathbb{C}^{n}$ such that the complex to real DFT is sensible
"Undersampled" Polyphase Filter Bank
Determining The Sparsity or Density of a Chroma Vector
What is the Reference tap of an equalizer (FIR Filter)
What is the mathematical interpretation of using direct inversion around a single pole/zero
Generic text recognition
Possible to implement simple IIR filter with greater than 6 db/octave slope?
Why Z-transform is considered as separate transform?
Removing a non linear noise trend from data
How are filters for polyphase decimation like?
Can realizations of a filtered Gaussian white noise process be represented as a Fourier transform?
Linear Prediction Coefficients
Whether Fourier transform formula be considered as Convolution or Correlation?
Are pulse shaping and windowing functions the same in concept?
Zero Crossing rate
Purpose of interleaving in OFDM systems
Detecting two changing inharmonic pitches
What is a good way to distinguish aircraft noise from other sounds?
Spectral density of modulated noise process
FFT block exponent
How can I convert a FM discriminated signal to binary data using software
Difference Equations, why M<=N for causality?
PID Control - process variable / setpoint
Improve performance of speech recognition
Finding filaments in high dimensional space
Why eigen values and poles of a system are equivalent?
Understanding Soft Thresholding Operator
Lower peak to average power ratio by phase shifting
How to find phase shift and process I/Q channel
LTI system impulse response output
Purpose of using polyphase filter bank (PFB)
What are the statistics of the discrete Fourier transform of white Gaussian noise?
Improving velocity estimation
How to proceed with this convolution problem?
Frequency filtering with a DFT and meaning of removing complex conjugates
OFDM signal spectrum and characterisitics
How condition for existence of Fourier transform is valid?
STFT multiplied with Gaussian window vs STFT multiplied by rectangular window
Fill incomplete holes in 3d image
Spreading sequence and processing gain
What is actually transmitted following LPC of a speech frame?
FFT analysis for series of different length
Digital signal derivative
Shift a signal by a given number of samples
IIR Filter - calculating the phase response
Is jointly wss (wide sense stationary) a transitive relation?
frequency spectrum of the conjugate of x(t)
Segmenting and labeling chessboards through computer vision
What is difference between outputs of Fourier transform and Fourier series of a periodic square waveform?
Machine Vision - Infinity Focus effect
Raised-Cosine Filter - calculating phase response
Matched filters
Doubt related to application of FFT
How to calculate the required bandwidth from a spectrum diagram? [FM]
Cross-Correlation to find the similartity of songs
Contour based blurring
Compressed Sensing vs Common Compression Approaches
How to calculate the frequency of the analog information signal? [FM]
relation between luminance and eigen values of an image
What is the difference between monocular and stereo image?
What noise will change the frequencies components of a signal?
Filter implementation and alternatives
What is the effect of a sawtooth phase mask in the frequency domain?
Gaussian in matlab
Sigma Delta Sampling
Expected value of signals
Can we do cyclic prefix with zeros in OFDM rather than with samples from end of the ofdm symbol?
'xcorr' function in matlab not working for zero signal
Raised-Cosine Filter - calculating magnitude response
ensure stability against coefficient quantization
Texture-like measures for quantifying density of data in binary images
What is pulse train filter?
Efficient implementation of FIR comb/decimating filter
Raised-Cosine Filter - phase response graphs for three kinds of filter
phase, magnitude, audio file and information
Interleaving over OFDM symbols in same transmission
Does the quality of the pictures taken by a USB 3.0 camera depend on cable length?
Sensitiviy and Resolution in Windowing Functions
IIR filter and phase shift
how to calculate the dc component of an energy signal?
Division by zero in Levinson–Durbin recursion?
What is the right algorithm to detect segmentations of a line chart?
Downsampling and Gaussian filtering in the context of scale space pyramids
Adaptive volume normalization on a stream of PCM data
Extracting original signal from overlapping area
Visualisation of bandwith of filter with sampling
ITU-R 2k filter implementation
difference between feature detector and descriptor?
Expectation maximization of moving average with binary source input
Hilbert Transform - C or C++ code implementation
What is the estimator used in this paper for system identification?
BPSK modulation under bandlimited channel
Proving orthogonality
Audio phase shift using Hartley Transform
Denoising approach for a combination of several ADC voltage channles
IFFT Synthesis from an empty spectrum
Filters - Hilbert Transform and Absolute Value of Magnitude Response
EQ - Calculate the power per Octave of a signal through FFT
I want to calculate the period of the discrete time sequence from taking its fft(x,N). Can any one help?
What is the connection between analog signal to noise ratio and signal to noise ratio in the IQ plane in a quadrature demodulation system?
Fastest implementation of fft in C++?
Could not construct original matrix using SVD
For linear IIR digital filter, what happens for negative frequencies?
Why do we discard imaginary part of the phase spectrum?
Determining which Filter from a Z-Plane Plots?
zero-phasing frequency components while keeping the same magnitude, in Matlab
Kalman Filter for particle tracking
What's the best way to compare the same object from different "crops" or angles within multiple images?
Simulating the impulse response of a multirate digital filter
Zero Padding of FFT
Invertible multi-resolution representation of audio/speech signals
On the application of chaos in signal processing
EM algorithm and Kalman filter
Delay signal according to normal distribution
Plotting convoluted and original signals on the same graph
Generate fourier transform signal
Do we have aliasing with this chip rate and transmission bandwidth
Looking for Open Source Image Processing Library that is equivalent to HIPS
Basics of Sphere Decoding for MIMO
Synchronicity of two signals
Effect of pathloss on signal power
Coherence vs. Magnitude Squared Coherence
Optimal signal sampling reduction method : Decimation, interpolation or both?
Condition for optimal value to be the average
Reconstruction of a windowed signal (specifically Hamming windowed)
FFTW log-log plot
Camera calibration using multiple images
Using pathloss in matlab
derivative filter transfer function
Singularity Detection from 2D Wavelet Modulus Plot
Uncorrelated but overlapping spectrum.
How to plot the root of polynomial in Matlab?
Phone conversation diarization with LIUM
Beamforming with directional sensors
Initialize a Room Impulse Response using reverberation time(T60)
Calculate and interpret the instantaneous frequency
FFT frequency is always half of expected
Difference between real fft and complex fft with imaginary part of zero in fftw?
Period, amplitude and phase through FFT in MATLAB
Using Chebyshev polynomials in wavetables
Hilbert Transform, filters - two different phase graphs
Fourier transform of a sum
How can I generate audio wave files of harmonic series/partials for a specific frequency in Matlab
Why does the specgram of this simple sine wave look strange?
Denoise Image with Gaussian Noise Using MATLAB / Octave
Real-time frequency recognition in python
how to find the distance of the root from the origin?
Interpreting the FFT results of a structural vibration problem
Very high SNR BPSK modulation
Does our brain constantly ifft to hear?
what is the difference among noise,blurring and contrast?
Difference between 2D-DFT's and 1D-DFT's of linearized matrices
Question about Difference of Gaussian (DoG) algorithm
Curve fit for fft dplot
Generating Wavelet family matrixes
How to increase the resolution of a video from a sequence of photos?
What is the meaning of imaginary values in the time domain?
Detecting a specific pop in a real time audio signal
Using SURF algorithm to match objects on MATLAB
How to design an inverse for a Butterworth low-pass filter?
Understand about registration between spatial prior and original image
Impulse calculation
Isolating overlapping image
Deconvolution using response to an Heaviside
Bandwidth of time-varying harmonics of speech
print a date and time in command window MATLAB
Image Registration
Transfer function estimation from logarithmic sweep frequency response data
Cross spectrum using `cpsd` (matlab) of 2D matrices
noise remains after applying median filter
Hilbert transform of a bandpass signal
Identifiability of a state space model (Dynamic Linear Model)
How to normalize predesigned IIR filter coefficients to have unity gain?
Efficient FFT computation of a zero-padded vector
Bandwidth of a trimmed sinus wave
why always structured Images are considered as 2D signals?
Should I normalize my input vector when using a matched filter?
How to Validate Bilateral Filter Implementation?
phase shift between two images (matrices)
Fir filter not working according to frequency response
Signal reconstruction in FMCW radar
Detailed Analysis of Phase Delay of an Audio Signal
What am I doing wrong?-Bode plots to get transfer function
Image Subtraction using Pre-bayer data (.pgm)
Treating the measured frequency response of a system as a DFT
Matlab's invfreqs won't fit at low frequencies
DAC ADC for BPSK modulation
How to interpret these different Fourier analysis of this audio signal?
Sensor Data Fusion with Orientation Sensors in 3D Euclidian Space
Cancelling the acoustic echo that occurs with a variable delay and volume
Why is generating $1/f^\alpha$ noise so complicated?
Can Log Gabor Filters be used on an edge detected image
Baby Cry Sound detection
separating stationary and non stationary parts of univariate signal
Subsample time delay estimation
Selective image compression?
Detecting FSK near real time with c#
Difference between video mosaicing and video stitching
How to find the actual size of an existing object from the pixels of an image?
How to filter signals with non-uniform sampling rate?
How to calculate the bandwidth of a continuous signal?
Why is the magnitude of the second component of my FFT spectrum always the largest one?
How to calculate resolution of DFT with Hamming/Hann window?
How to fix audio clipping in Adobe Audition?
How to estimate radial distortion from lens characteristics?
How to generate realistic echo to sounds?
How to compute bit level soft decisions from an M-ary symbol?
How to simplify the Fourier Series Using an Approximation?
How to perform a time domain shift in the frequency domain without zero padding
How to determine cut off frequency for high pass filter using spectral density?
What Are the Alternatives to FFT for Computing High Resolution Tone Power Levels?
Distances In a Single Image With Some Real References
In speech recognition applications, how are different voice amplitudes handled? (i.e loud vs. quiet tones)
Frequency range of acoustic feedback
How to get the X and Y Coordinates of the circles from an image?
DSP Library IIR and FIR filters
noise in signal
Calculating poles/zeros from 4+ order transfer function
camera calibration: why chessboards?
Lag in financial trading vs Group Delay in signal processing
Confusion related to PN sequence : Terminology and application in statistical signal processing
why the ultasound image is noisy by speckle noise?
Why 1536 FFT size for 15 MHz in LTE
DFT sinusoid's fundamental frequency, intuitively
What Is the Intuition of Convolution in The Signal Processing World
Transform a continuous time differential equation of a Low Pass Filter to discrete time
How to interpret these FFT results?
Filtering with filters without even or odd symmetry in the fourier domain
Matching two video conversations
Opposite of wavelet transform?
Is ergodic in mean a property defined only for WSS stochastic processes?
Dynamic range compression in the frequency domain?
Power spectral density vs. FFT bin magnitude
Computation Costs of Filters
Filtering out a specific frequency in an analog signal
Estimating an Image Filter from Examples
Slow Data rate of GPS data
MATLAB : How to filter a data signal
Why Wavelet based Transform Is More Suitable for Image Compression Compared to DCT?
What Kind of Features Can I Extract from this Signal
Using FFT as a channeliser
How does spatially white noise differ from diffuse noise
Extracting motion vectors from H.264 bitstream
How to test digital filters?
Can filter "depth" be adjusted by mixing dry and wet signals?
Getting rid of Canny outliers
Complex normal Gaussian noise
Mat and int are incompatible?
Is it appropriate to use PSD on the analysis of a plucked guitar string?
Wrong estimation of derivatives with an extended Kalman filter
How to find a certain frequency in a signal that varies in time?
Maximum Likelihood carrier phase estimation of $A\cos(2\pi f_ct)$
How to shift with spline interpolation?
Zero phase in IFFT
If a signal is added to another in the freq. domain, how to filter it out?
Evaluating the inverse $\mathcal Z$-transform on the unit circle
Amplitude of an image
Sampling of band-limited white noise
transform function with non-linearity
Frequency Shifting in MATLAB
Why does the standard waveform from audio out get distorted when I reduce the amplitude?
Fourier transform 4 times = original function (from Bracewell book)
BFSK modulation what signal the transmitter actually sends?
Troubleshooting PID controller
Convex Optimization in Signal and Image Processing
Real and complex low pass equivalent of band-pass signal
Translation invariance in max-pooling and cascading with convolutional layer
Defining an average in time for a density in time
simulating noise with Yuler and burg
Is real-time Hilbert envelope feasible?
Frequency response of a (rectangular) integrator
Noise reduction on wave file
Advantage of using FIR Polyphase Decimator over just computing FIR output every D samples
Advice on autocorrelation via FFT
DFT: Basis functions and Significance of dividing frequency by Sample length
Camera calibration vs. registration
How can I extract a sinusoid from a very noisy signal for computing the phase shift?
What is Single pole filter?
What does "A Target with Zero Doppler" Mean?
FIR filters always linear?
Invariances in Neural Networks
applying single pole filter to simple signal
WiFi and the sampling rate of spectrum analyzer
Any good C# library for signal processing?
Image Segmentation - Comparing GrabCut Method vs. Level Set Method
How to use wavelet decomposition for feature extraction (of fMRI images)?
Check if a filter is IIR or FIR
Spatial resampling, how to smooth?
System response: LTI system for $x[n] = \sin(\frac{\pi n}{4})$
Python bandpass filter - singular matrix error
Which anatomical model to use as "ground truth" for validating an MRI segmentation method?
Forward and backward filtering
what is the preffered data and FFT length for blackman harris window for improving Accuracy due to ENBW Consideration of window?
Does scaling property imply superposition?
Matching headphone responses
Do all Harmonics of a periodic sound start from a 0 base
Computing error between filtered and noisy time series signal
Help Understanding the Robert Cross Operator
Is matlab fft faster for real input?
How to calculate the frequency of a signal without knowing the sampling frequency using Matlab
What are the differences between notch filter & Goertzel?
Fourier domain division causing translation
How to Combine FFT Overlap Results?
Encounter 0 when calculating log power spectrum
Additional peak after resampling
Difference between cv::subtract and operator - in cv::Mat OpenCV
Get the distinctive deltas of quite noisy and very variable / dynamic measurement values
The history of FIR filters
Spectral density of 1-bit nonlinear detector in terms of analog spectral density
In which way do image transformations change camera extrinsics?
Removing DC offset and ensuring zero-sum for 2D filter
Is a cubic Lagrange interpolation tensor product the same as bicubic interpolation?
How to apply a 1D filter (CSF) to an image?
Output of system defined by differential equation
How to Flip Spectrum Around DC?
What is the unit of autocorrelation function?
C implementation of LP filter
neural network for 3D pictures
Chromatography Baseline Placement
Beginner question on aperiodic samples and DFT behavior
Output of discrete-time LTI system guaranteed to be same form as input?
Exact indices of $\tt fft$
How to represent the nonlinear model as a state space in Unscented Kalman Filter
Variation of Pulse width with center frequency in Pulse Compression technique
Sampling rate: camera resolution when taking a photo of an LCD
Black “grille” after stereographic projection+rotation
Output of a discrete-time LTI system different form than input?
Best way to approximate a curve?
How to look at 2KHz to 2.5KHz with a 1024 FFT
Even and Odd Filters and Quadrature
How accurate is Wavelet packet decomposition for emg signals with frequencies from 10 to 40 Hz?
sampling frequency of GPS
Python - time frequency spectrogram
Generating a noisy sine wave in Python, efficiently
Extract voice from magnetic tape
what is the concept of matlab function polynomial interpolation?
why the sum of masks should be one?
sinc interpolation using fft
Gray code and M-FSK
How to take IFFT of Connes Window?
I am looking for the concept about all-in-one curve fitting
Sinc interpolation looks weird
Frequency of a DFT term
A General Question regarding OFDM symbol
Equation visualization of complex sinusoid function
Smoothing process of Kalman filter
Signal power without FFT
EEG Power at specific time points
Phase locking value / phase synchronization
How to use ImageNet Database in Matlab
how to match 2 signals that have same information, though shifted and scaled
How to analyse periodic data obtained from a vibration experiment?
How to reduce polynomial?
I still get aliasing of my signal, even though I stay below the Nyquist frequency. What am I missing?
SIFT: why it is invariant to affine tranlsation?
adding phase noise in signal thorugh freuquency
Detecting water level in an image
detrending in real time
Comparing the spatial frequency between groups of images
BIBO stability and input at system's pole
Python MNE - reading EEG data from array
Generate Minimum distance codes
Why do I have to duplicate the labels used for the classification process?
How do I compute the gradient vector of pixels in an image?
Vinyl Crackling Effect
SSD for RGB images
What is the spectrum of modulated noise?
What is the definition of a "complementary filter"?
Four different types of third order image moments (skewness), what are the differences?
Scaling Data before Fourier transform
What does it mean for a signal to alias to another?
Find frequency/phase response of a microphone
Image processing using conv-neural net
Channel impulse reponse multipaths
Time-Frquency Resolution issues
How do DAWs align the phase when working with plugins?
Determining if a system involving integrals is time varying or time-invariant
Are noncausal filters ever used in practice?
Per Window Normalization
Measuring noise floor in an impulse response
Why is C++ so popular for Image Processing?
Fourier series calculation
Can you simulate the "response time" of a lower window size FFT on a higher window size?
Using K-Space Filtering to Filter by Speed
sound FFT data to PCM data
Simulink Floating-Point and Fixed-Point Modeling
Is there an audio processing library/API that contains all standard features of a digital audio workstation?
Is cutting EQ scientifically different than boosting EQ?
Received waveform frequency is way too low than it was sent
Why does DPSK constellation shrink when noise is added?
Emulate tape delay
What is the Technique to Find Variance of Estimation Error
How to calculate resolution of radar
Opencv circle detection android
Spectrogram, time vs frequency localization, and length of signal
Audio block-processing discontinuities
What is the minimum number of time points recommended for accurate instantaneous phase estimates using the Hilbert transform
Unique feature value for each phoneme
Subtracting one FFT from another for noise reduction
Autocorrelation for the sum of a deterministic and stochastic signal
GnuRadio: Clock Recovery MM: imu out of bounds
filter coefficients to know high pass and low pass filter
Estimating the variance of noise using median function (?)
Frequency response of a rolling linear regression
Multirate filtering attenuates frequencies at overlap
Dividing a signal in channels
Voice recovery with high-noise, low-gain
Purple Noise Modeling / Differentiated White Noise (Kalman Filtering)
intensity scaling: precise definition?
Discrepancy when calculating LTI system output using inverse z-Transform
How to deal with Imaginary Value of Fast Discrete Curvelet Coefficient?
Is there any trade-off between the sparseness and residual of the constructed data?
Decomposition of a signal to slow and fast components
Difference between note based (MIDI) and sampled (FLAC, MP3, etc.) audio formats
What is the image power law?
How to gather similar objects in an image?
How to calculate performance of your object recognition algorithm and compare results with others?
Pitch Detection / Harmonic Product Spectrum - What's wrong?
How to simplify this sequence
Why doesn't the mel-scale use the twelth-root of 2 instead of a biased sample listener?
How to extract text from a scanned document?
Difference between these two digital down conversion methods
Convolution theorem for "weighted" convolution?
DSP Hardware for Detecting an Audio "Click"
Calculate Min/Max value of multiple sine waves added together
phase locked loop
What tools do you use to create signal processing plots?
Object detection algorithm
Can you explain about the following formulas? in Signals and System
Frequency Domain Equalization [Sources request]
If I build a low pass gaussian filter in the frequency domain should I also normalize it with the sum of the filter coefficients?
Find Magnitude Responce at $\omega=\dfrac{\pi}{2M}$ where $M$ is the number of channel in QMF
how to correct minBLEP sawtooth oscillator DC bias
Difference b/w freqz and fft
Is there a condition for bandpass sampling?
Circular Convolution of h(n)*x(n)
How to reduce reconstruction noise from a filtered back-projection reconstruction of a circularly symmetric image?
Why is a wavelet transform implemented as a filter bank?
what is magnitude responce at ω = π/2M for freqz function
How to calculate binocular overlap
what is the differnence between 8x8 dct coefficients and 25 x 25 dct coefficients?
Complex Gaussian Channel + AWGN noise
Understanding Eigenface Face Recognition Algorithm Notations
Kalman filter restricted by areal constraints
Nyquist Rate Determination
To estimate the uncertainty of Slicing holes from an image?
Why wavelets based transmitter/receiver digital signal processing aren't common?
DFT for audio classification - signals of different lengths
How to prove $\int_{\Omega} \sum_{i=1}^{N} f_i(x)dx$ is equivilant with $\sum_{i=1}^{N} \int_{\Omega} f_i(x)u_i(x)dx$
Equalization knowing the Channel State Information
Complex low pass filters
Algorithm for detecting the time where the signal is above a threshold
Power Spectrum Analysis
Conversion of FFT to PSD
What is the name of the following 1st order high-pass IIR filter?
Proof from wave equation of upper limit of active noise cancellation
Apply the Hamming window to a sinusoidal signal
Probability of Detection and pulse-pulse decorrelation time
Role of HMM in speech recognition
FIR filter design for response inside unit circle
2D Haar Transform Computational Complexity
Extracting direction of dominant sinusoids from an image in terms of angles
Frequency Spectrum with c++
Creating a flat spectrum filterbank
Bilateral $\mathcal Z$-transform of exponential
Is the system $L\{f[m,n]\}= c[m,n] f[m,n]$ shift invariant?
Extreme audio stretching
Adding channel effects to a signal
Fourier transform of a discrete periodic signal
What is the inverse Z transform of this:
Minimum phase FIR method
Digital low pass filter vs Kalman filter
Denoising / thresholding via wavelets
Sampling at non-uniform intervals
Replicating a visual audio spectrum
What is the impulse response of the system with this difference equation:
correct way for Zero padding
How can the order of a transfer function be derived from its equivalent state space representation?
Is there an existing feedback elimination algorithm that can be implemented in iOS?
Rayleigh BER in Simulink
Calculating incoherency in compressive sensing
Seamless audio loops via Fourier transforms?
Detecting defects/differences in printed images
Averaging different frequencies
How do I show if this system is time-varying?
Passband modulation at 2.4GHz
Finding values of DTFT without explicitly computing
Nyquist Frquency isn't what it is supposed to be
What is the ROC for this discrete signal:
Finding Fourier transform of a discrete signal from its Z-transform
Find the Fourier transform of $g(k)$ from $G(z)$ for frequency $=1/2$
Audio template matching - power correlation?
Extracting a varying DC from a signal
Processing line scanner data
Google's self-driving car and LIDAR interference
Aperiodic discrete signals
equations to calculate coefficients of recursive IIR Gaussian blur filter
Non-uniform sampling and over-sampling -- how to combine?
2D DWT Image Issue
Audio Signal Processing & DHT
How to evaluate performance of an ARMA, MA or AR model?
Unexpected peak after up & down sampling
Chosing polyphase interpolation coefficients
the rate of noise presented in images
effect of high pass filtering and low pass filtering on background color
How to reconstruct the signal if there were some temporary offsets
What is the entropy for these cases?
Calculate signal to noise ratio from the Hillbert envelope of a stacked signal
Accurate measurement of object's position on a bayer-filtered and grayscaled images
How to generate Gray codes of n bits that have at max k ones?
How to perform sine generation (in C)?
What is a 'notch' in image processing?
Zero Centering Audio for Forward FFT
How to Actually Use FFT to Implement Low Pass Filter
Sampling Theorem illustration
Why doesn't the sampling theorem work in this case?
Convolution reverb using a frequently updated frequency dependant impulse response
How to interpret the notation of a transfer function
relationship between number of wavelet decomposition level and noise level
power spectral density plots
Optimal windowing strategy for filtering live signal
Unexpected results for fourier resampling (Python 3)
Reconstruction of an oversampled signal with sub-nyquist analog filters
How to transform lowpass fir filter to bandpass fir filter without using a built in function in matlab
Design IIR Butterworth filter using bilinear transform
pre-emphasis with scaling?
How to compare the syllable extracted from the audio
Estimate Delay of a Known Signal Delayed by Sub Sample Resolution
Taking the Moving Average of STFT Results
Example exercise - Shannon's law on PCM-digitized signal
Harmonics of 50 Hz
Understand about maximum a posteriori probability (MAP) in classfication task
Which way the whale is moving
Algorithm for testing input sound for multiple expected notes?
For filters with impulse responses on a specific $x[n]$, how do you calculate DFT of $y[n]$?
Discrete Fourier Transform on Impulses?
Hamming window for filtering unwanted terms
Why FFT of a filtered step increases the lower values of the transform with respect to the unfiltered signal?
texture matching between patches of an image
Zero mean noise in images
PSD and $\lim_{T\rightarrow \infty} \frac 1 {2T} \int_{-T}^T x(t)\bar y(t)\,dt$
Is there any way of retrieving phase information with only access to real part of successive FFT frames?
Python: write .wav to chosen directory
PSD scaling due to the windowing
ImageJ Object Detection within AVI Stack
hamming window for LPC
Convert decimal to Q5.27
Phase Issue in IFFT
Mismatched offset when computing cross-correlation using FFT
HoughCircles finds anything but circles
how to compute horizontal angle of a pixel from a computer vision camera
resampling from fractional to integer sampling rate
Looking for an arcsin algorithm
Processing and feature extraction from very short signals
Finding maxima and minima of a continuous time signal by using frequency method?
Tampering detection using data hiding
Count the number of times the phone rings before its answered
Finding Correlation response in fourier domain
Can disparity range from negative to positive values for parallel cameras?
Error in distance formula in matlab
A 10-seconds digital reverb with very few memory (64KB)
Deconvolution in Python in 2D
Eliminating inertia effect from the acceleration signal
Quadrature modulation
Bartlett's and Welch's Method for PSD
How to smoothly adjust sine amplitude
is any filter whose impulse response has a discontinuity in the first derivative fundamentally high-pass?
How is the ends of a bandpass filtered signal reliable after applying the cosine taper?
How to shift the center frequency of an IIR filter
Confusion between samples per second and samples per symbol
How to obtain round peaks instead of triangular peaks when smoothing an input?
How can I accurately represent an mp3's wave form in respects to time?
Is sub-sampling delay estimation possible without interpolation?
A basic question in FIR filter design using MATLAB
Meaning of Hilbert Transform
displaying speech data in log scale using Matlab
Remove stripes from image using FFT
Q matrix and updating times in a Kalman filter
Find time lag between two time series
Basic question on numerical precision
Is there any library for convolution reverb software for Visual Studio besides Freeverb?
Distinguish between two vocals by their timbre
pole/zero locations for real and imaginary signal
Understanding this Gabor Filter equation
Splitting the Unit Delay
When is the Fourier transform of a signal periodic?
How to estimate filter coefficients of an all-pole system?
Invariance of curvature in Curvature Scale Space
Integral of unit step function
Gaussian Filter Close to Image Border
Reconstruction of BandPass Signal from Complex Envelope
Non-separable, higher-order generalized cosine windows in 2D for images
Filtering performance on Poisson noise with quadratic data-fidelity
Why the curvature of straight line in curvature scale space is not zero?
Fast fourier transform for an audio file
I B P video frame reordering
How to get an objects dimensions from video
Quantitative comparison of scaled-, delayed- and warped-signals
Fourier transform artifacts
How do real-time convolution plugins process audio so quickly
Obtain motion between image features by means of the homography matrix
digital signal processing problem
Double size inverse fourier transform
Calibration (intrinsic) parameters of a virtual camera with some known information
adjust mean of signal using exponential
Image registration dataset
Determine minimum distance between two symbols in 16-QAM using the average symbol energy
Given a downscaled image, produce Gaussian blur of the original image
Extending Background Image
How are the scaling parameters included (extracted from) an essential matrix?
Impulse and unit step response
Clarification regarding signal after pulse shaping
How to represent multiple related signals via mathematical function?
Large sample rate or large number of cycles when estimating frequency?
Dominant Orientation using Fourier Power Spectrum
What Is the Purpose of Bundle Adjustment?
Monostatic range-doppler algorithm
What is the advantage of applying a Hamming window for MFCC calculations?
Is TOA is different for extended target?
Is there a difference between Image Alignment and Stereo Rectification for stereo correspondence or matching?
What is an approach in computer vision that can be used for tracking players in hockey games?
Polar form of eigenvalue
finite impulse response filter
How do you find the frequency and amplitude from a DFT?
Benefits of oversampling in a realtime noise-cancellation system
Generalized Barker sequences
why bandpass filtering (butterworth) centers the signal
How to compute DFT of IIR
Sinusoidal liftering in implementations of MFCC
Spectral Analysis vs. Spectral Line Analysis
A Sampling theorem for power signals
Inverse z transform - Pair of complex conjugate poles
Lynn's integer filter has a linearly increasing trend
Power spectrum of downsampled image
Why is it necessary to have two state variables
Given a real signal, increase modulation frequency
How can I increase image size by zero padding?
How do you calculate RMSE in degrees for a DOA estimator system with multiple incoming signals?
How can I implement image widowing in my image in Java?
What would be the best way to estimate velocity from a video?
How to represent ratio between harmonics in audio spectrum
How to interpolate complex array (FT)?
How to seperate 3 sinusoidal signal of same frequency and phase but different amplitude?
What are your tips for DSP self-study?
Identify large solid color areas of image
An explanation of parts of the MUSIC Algorithm for someone without a background in signal processing?
Multiscale Shape and Detail Enhancement from Multi-light Image Collections
Can someone explain why absolute is needed in power or energy signal?
czt of a short sinusoid
Why is discrete cosine preferred to FFT in neuroimaging GLM
Why does the amplitude of a discrete convolution depend on the time step?
Finding the Nyquist Frequency of Irregularly Sampled Discrete Data
Verifying MFCC Final Result
the DFT of a periodic signal represented by a fourier series
Matlab: plotting magnitude and phase response
How to convert time-domain signal to complex envelope?
Comparison/Difference between two distinct plots
Finding minimum-phase/allpass of transfer function
Convergence criteria for Active contour model
How Random Forests can be used for regression?
Classify areas of an image based on color
If we FFT a signal with number of points far less than the length of the signal, the result is unreliable?
Segmenting simple objects without shadows
What are the applications of Fourier Transform Power Spectrum?
sensor fusion on GPS/IMU
How to stabilize a filter
Kalman Filter to estimate 3D position of a node
Interpolation based on sinc function
Smoothed Square Wave
Lost power while using FFT with apodizing mask
What happens at the edges in fft2 filtering?
How to calculate the noise power for a non-stationary noise?
find cross correlation lag by optimization
Using Matched Filter To Predict the Existence of An Event
Averaging Different Length Speech Signal
Counter-example to show that this system is non-linear?
Why does FEC seem to make BER worse at low Eb/N0?
Is the Laplace transform redundant?
Why does the given solution we dont have to integrate the rect function?
question regarding convolution theorem
Analysis with Window before FFT
Why does filtering the same discrete dataset while choosing different sampling rates yield different results?
Random demodulator in matrix form
Is it possible to design a digital filter that rejects 60Hz noise while keeping step response in the time domain below one mili-second
Relation between poles and cut off frequency of a filter
filter long data streams with python
Why do I need inverse FFT?
Alternatives to pole-zero cancellation
Range-Doppler matrix
Global partition of image sets using neighbourhood measures
How does gaussian convution stacking work?
Convolution equivalent to matrix multiplication?
Matlab: How to apply constant modulus algorithm in wireless communication
Finding Distance between Cameras in Stereo Vision
Working out integration of basic signal functions
Question on sketching the amplitude spectrum of signals
Fourier transforms of random processes
System Identification with periodic signal confusion
Auto Correlation vs Cross Correlation vs Convolution and their applications
Modification of Accelerometer Data for Feature Extraction
Wavelet decomposition
What is a good book reference on the definition of "subharmonic frequency"?
How does the Magnitude of an FFT relate back to the Time Series wave it was created from?
Signal Reconstruction in Compressed Sensing with a Simple Vector Signal as an Example
Baseband vs Passband modulation
Artificial Neural Network Example Problem
Filling hatched areas in image
Positive or negative sign on Fourier transform formula
Fourier series in continous time domain
Optimal method to calculate Fractional Fourier for Chirp signals
Fourier Series Proof
HDR Imaging - Exposure Compensation
Value of $A_k$ in Fourier series
Sketching a tri signal with horizontal shift
At what amplitude does spectral leakage start to be noticeable in the phase spectrum?
MFCC coefficients
Why is this projection wrong?
Baseband vs. Passband
Derive velocity and acceleration from position
BER Analysis of Dual hop Decode and Forward Relay
Proof for determining Fourier coefficients
Converting blobs to circles
How to measure the time dependent correlation of two signals
Mathematical model of a signal in Compressive Sampling
Can somebody help me with some very basic questions about the fundamentals of information theory?
Computer vision, Coupon code detection, sugested algorithms
How we decide sample rate and number of samples while doing discrete Fourier transform
Supervised instrument recognition
magnitude and phase Fourier coefficients
Object detection using several images
Why is an RC circuit a first order system?
Zero-lag butterworth filtering
MATLAB appears to be applying my filter to the spectrum twice, once on each side
Significance of energy and power signals in real world
How to represent half of equilateral triangle signal?
Numpy's real fft (rfft) - losing power
Interpolate/Decimate with a single filter?
How do I convert a timeseries to a different frequency band?
Matlab: What should be the BER performance for BPSK using Constant Modulus Algorithm equalizer
Variance of a filtered signal
Why the difference come of 2D Fourier Transforms from two similar image?
Plotting antenna pattern in MATLAB
Why do we use sinc interpolation rather than just multiply the frequency domain signal by rect?
How do I efficiently process 20+ minute audio tracks?
How do you construct common waveforms (square, sawtooth, triangle, noise) from sine wave partials using an IFFT?
Novice researcher aims to get published... How to pick a Journal?
What is a note?
Edge linking using local processing - why is this criterion imposed
MUSIC algorithm for peak detection
Calculating frequency and damping ratio from transfer function given eigenvalues
Temporal window $\{v(t)\}$ of Welch estimator
Path to becoming an audio engineer
What spectral estimation technique to use for finding sharp spectral lines?
How to detect whether a signal is unimodal or bimodal?
When did signal processing become a field of its own?
Machine learning with only positive labels
Has there been any research on time-windowed spectral estimation using more than one window function at the same time?
How does one calculate a pole-zero plot?
How to derive the results that averaging $N$ signals yields a $\sqrt{N}$-fold increase in signal-to-noise ratio?
Use of FFT to compute frequency response
Image processing: High pass filter to remove lowest 16 frequencies
Phase spectrum of the DTFT of a rect pulse using FFT
What is the difference between a range image and a depth map?
Proof of properties of Fourier series in CT
Absolute value vs. power (to make a signal positive-only)
Limits of convolution
Z-transform of an FIR filter
Fourier Transform of image convoluting with kernel
How could one can say that frequency spectrum having Nyquist frequency 'x' is the most appropriate representation of a given signal?
signal reconstruction error in compressed sensing
Normalization of a signal in MATLAB
how much of DSP (digital signal processing) is related VLSI?
Head pose estimation
GNU Radio - PSK Mod block - unexpected constellation diagram
Phase measurement
Why is signum function used to calculate Fourier transform of unit step function
Possibilties of chebyshev polynomial waveshaping
Evaluation of circle detectors
How to estimate filters using conjugate gradient?
Is concept of "bit" in computer programming similar to the concept of "bit" in information theory?
Use MATLAB to Restore a Signal from a Given Degraded Signal Using Tikhonov Regularization
Precise Centre frequency of an All-pole digital filter
variability among signals
Is this a valid thresholding approach?
Determining Fourier Series coefficient for Discrete time
How to efficiently calculate points of intersection of a straight line and a contour?
What are the different ways to find the envelope of a speech signal?
Attempting to reverse mid conversion
Applying a window to input signal
Compute real signal from a discrete analytic signal
Audio read function
How do we calculate Power Spectrum Density (PSD) which is given in dB/Hz and not just dB?
Orthogonality of pseudo random basis functions
What Is the Best Color Space to Work with for Hand Detection: RGB, HSV, or YCrCb?
Why Fourier series if Fourier transform can be calculated for both periodic and aperiodic?
Doppler shift in time domain?
I m assigned a project to create karaoke system on matlab. But im a noob in Audio processing and i don't know to approach this problem. Please help
Estimating a low frequency signal corrupted by high frequency noise
Need a reference on period of LFSRs
Confusion in CT Fourier Transform Proof
Making sense of the delay formula between two sensors in an antenna array?
Relation between a Fourier series harmonic component and its power
what is endpoint in image processing?
Peak detection techniques
How do I identify repeated subimages within a larger image?
Design of equalizer for wireless communication
aliasing and time shifting
Number of samples in one period of subcarrier after IFFT
Basic method for 2x oversampling?
What does "kernel based" mean?
Cepstrum: subtracting the mean vs. dividing by the variance
Would subtracting the phases of two images be a superior difference metric than subtracting the images directly?
Image gradient light-to-dark, dark-to-light
Matlab - How to create an autocorrelogram using a spike-train
What is the relation between the domain of Fractional Fourier transform and time and frequency?
Fourier Transform/Series DFT/DFS textbook problem (simple?)
Using MFCCs in kNN classification
What is a "Hampel Filter" and how does it work?
System identification only using sine input?
System Stability: Can we derive stability of a discrete system (Frequency domain, Z-transform) by applying analogous methods?
Inverse mapping (affine transformation) for singular transform matrix
Frequency translation of an ideal low pass filter
How we calculate Precision-Recall Curve?
Derive Frequency Representation of Impulse Train Function
Derive DTFT of $x[2n]$
Matlab - Using findpeaks with fvtool
Fields of math needed for digital filter design
What is the most efficient way to perform Gaussian blurs for varying sizes of Gaussian kernels in an image?
Find tracing/plotting stacked bands/lines in an image
Discrete time system signal flow graph problem
How to solve a two variable equation of images?
What is "find-grained" image?
Algorithm to identify periodic signal spikes
Given a discrete signal, how to get bandwidth and duration under MATLAB?
Matlab: Help in understanding if the example for Maximum Likelihood Equalizer is properly functioning
Why not use zero-signal in digital transmission?
Generating a Sampled Square Wave in Matlab
find impulse response from step response
Echo cancelling using autocorrelation function
Matlab - Constructing a Cosine wave with IFFT
Designing a 2x interpolation filter for audio
Mean of the product of a signal with its conjugate
Short VHF pulse detection from SDR
How to detect malformed-ellipse-alike objects?
Plotting uniform and Gaussian random variables
Design Hilbert filter at matlab (pure 90 phase and magnitude 0db)
When modelling noise,how do they decide whether additive or multiplicative?
Word recognition with MSP430
Triple correlation in MATLAB
Why is the output of the LPF half that of the real/imaginary part of the complex envelope?
Where to get an image dataset for sports?
Frequency response and impulse response of black box
Matlab: Difference between flat fading and Rayleigh multipath fading, terminologies and concept
Why DFT exact for periodic signals?
Averaging multiple FFTs in matlab
Using superposition and time invariance to find RL circuit response
LMS adaptive filter relatively delayed signal and reference inputs
Imposing sparse structure in Gabor space
Estimate High Frequency
"Flanging" in frequency domain?
properties of System
Obtaining power spectral density without having knowledge about frequency bandwidth or sampling frequency of the signal in Matlab?
Why are vector quantizers not used in video codecs?
Integration of square wave
Analytically designing a notch-filter for specified frequency 50 Hz
Echo cancellation supporting long delays and without frequency domain processing
Practical vs ideal lowpass interpolator
What does z-transform imply?
Is deep learning killing image processing/computer vision?
Finding a signal inside a time series using MATLAB's $\tt xcorr()$
Bit error rate curves, theoretical and simulation
Combining two separate radar signals?
Application of BIC, MDL, AIC
DICOM Processing
What is the effective alpha of 2 cascaded EWMA IIR filters?
Difference between Nyquist rate and Nyquist frequency?
How do I interpret these autocorrelograms?
Enforcing size to match Convolution using 'same' property & Enforcing Circulant Matrix (Like DFT Based Convolution)
Why non gaussian variables are independent
selecting bricks from image
Minimum number of data points needed for a DFT to avoid spectrum leakage?
calculating the stop-band edge frequency of a low-pass FIR
Multiple cheap IMUs vs one expensive IMUs
KissFFT library
Polyphase Commutator
Segment highly packed nuclei with dotted high intensity signal inside each object
AR model order selection for half second EEG fragments
Practicality of the assumption of i.i.d. for Rayleigh channels
What is a "Unit Shock" in an Impulse Response Function?
Finding Fourier Series Coefficients
Crest Factor of OFDM signal
Estimating the power consumption of an arbitrary, real-time DSP algorithm
extrapolate three points between line
Subgradient Method for K-Means Like Problem
FIR filter design and implementation - sample rate and number of taps
Perform inverse distance weighting interpolation using multiple images matlab
what is "description vector" in image processing?
Concepts: Ideal and Non Ideal Channel Resulting in Inter Symbol Interference
Why is PSNR used for image quality metrics instead of SNR?
The right way to approach z transform?
Can I use Fourier transforms instead of Laplace transforms (analyzing RC circuit)?
What is "feature indexing" in image processing?
What is "hard quantization" strategy?
How to cascade two filters?
How to represent a given equation more clear, profressional and short form?
the ROC of a Z-transform for shifted signal
How to remove a costant group delay?
DFT provides coherent integration?
Estimating pole radius of formant filter from bandwidth
From lowpass to bandpass
FFT on circularly symmetric function
Creating a convolution kernel from filter description
Kalman Filter - Velocity [Matlab]
Isolate recurrent pattern vs. evolving background sound
Optimality of Kalman Filter for Process Noise dependent on magnitude of state
python scipy fft on numpy hanning window smears peaks
Terminology: source and target
Step response of feedback system
Can someone let me know linearity, time-invariance, causality, memory characteristic of the system?
Uniform quantizer for gaussian input signal
What does 'canonical' mean?
I do not understand this simple bandstop filter example
Resampling: how many samples to zero-stuff or down sample?
How Does Gaussian Blur Affect Image Variance
Terminologies: Adaptive, recursive and iterative
Why are equalizers moving average model (FIR)
Magnitude of Sobel filter result, vector or scalar?
Removing specific frequency from a signal
How to verify if two images have the same object/content?
Enlarging a picture by adding pixels in matlab
Find the frequency of a pole (Discrete Form)
1/f noise generation
Voss algorithm and pink noise
Why Would Pre Filtering Measurement Data Affect the Least Squares Estimate?
About Fourier transform of periodic signal
Baseband vs Bandpass Signal
buidling a bandpass filter without using inbuilt functions
audio for VOIP - filter and resample or viceversa?
Image transformation where a curve becomes a straight line
Why ignores constant when applying integral into differential-equation.?
Rotated object detection by Viola jones Algorithm
Can I model process noise as a known "error" in my dynamics while designing a Kalman Filter?
How can I comprehend the complex coefficient of complex Fourier series?
Implementing contraharmonic filter
Is the Kalman Filter a Best Linear Unbiased Estimator (BLUE) for Heteroscedastic Noise?
Implementing a 2d butterworth filter for image processing?
Approaching the response of an RC circuit via y=ifft(fft(x)fft(h)). Why is this valid?
What is a frequency bin?
Given an FIR filter coefficients, how can I find coefficients of its equalizer filter?
Convolution in frequency domain
Addition of two signals in polar coordinates
Does sampling in the frequency domain cause time-domain aliasing?
How frequency response related to a transfer function
Retrieve frequency value of an 2D frequency spectrum
Phase response for conjugate zeros
Why call it discrete time signals as difference equations?
Optimized resource allocation problem
Web Online tools for feature detection methods in image processing
Confusion in understanding the Proof of DTFT
Oscillations on Hilbert envelope
The model of noise in Image denoising problem
Special case peak/notch filter for exactly 1/32 sampling rate?
Why does $\mathrm{sinc}[k]= \delta[k]$ hold?
comb filter design in wireless communication
converting higher order transfer function in s-domanin to the cascaded biquad transfer functions, also in s-domain
How to derive Q from r in this filter definition?
Impulse response of non-causal system
Overlap/Chunk processing possible with Zero-phase?
Cascaded one-pole sections and relationship to time constant
Butterworth High Pass Filter Amplitude Response
What is the deffinition of convexity defect in image processing?
dealing with Huge Length (Order) FIR filters
Matlab: Help in applying equalizer and proper calculation of symbol error rate for QAM modulation in Rayleigh channel
Temporal Interpolation of Spectra
Matlab: Correct method of generating Rayleigh fading channel
How does both shifting and scaling a function affect the Fourier Transform?
What is the correct solution for Fourier transform of unit step signal?
Discrete-time Biquad filter: Relation between peak frequency and pole frequency
Sample Frequency - Recommended Practical Nyquist, Lower Used by majorities appications
How to calculate the energy in the dirac delta function signal?
Numerical Fourier transform for exact frequency
Cannot understand the attenuation in signal as the audio bit depth of adc changes
Looking for a better algorithm for finding the slope of an input signal
Fast pitch recognition
Increase power of signal in Matlab
Background averaging not working
Smoothing 3D Data for the Second Derivative
Adding sine waves
What is the equivalent smoothing function to running the same Gaussian 8 times?
Deterministic / Non-deterministic Stochastic Process
Can playing a wav file theoretically damage my speakers?
Is it possible to use a Volterra series to generate subharmonics?
Improving accuracy of Geortzel using simultaneous frequencies
Neural network with much less positive examples
Power of periodic signal
How do I decode(demodulation) and get original data from audio sample data
Determining frequency deviation FM
Linear time invariance RLC
What are the differences between fft and dct?
Creating odd harmonics without the fundamental
Transform one-pole cascaded system into a biquadratic section
Convert a FIR to an equivalent IIR
May a causal system depend on future values of its own output
How to find out the farrow coefficients if FIR coefficients are given?
why $-$ sign in DTFT pair for constant
Best way to find an object in a picture
Friis law and the power delay profile
Correlation using fft and xcorr and plot both answers (Matlab)
Why lattice-structured all-pole IIR filter becomes stable, if the k-coefficients satisfies $|k_i| < 1$?
Question about SNR in continuous and discrete domain
Difference between step,ramp and Impulse response
Why correlation coefficient template matching perfoms better than cross-correlation and square-differences method
Fractional/Interpolating Delay Line still sounding glitchy
How do I use MATLAB to obtain a continuous state equation from a transfer function and ode45 to solve it?
Remove microphone rustle / clothing rustle from raw audio data
explanation of correlation of stationary stochastic processes
Z-Transform of $x(n) = 3^n$
What is causal signal?
How do I calculate the noise variance in this problem?
Median Filter for salt and pepper noise removal
What is the best approach to classify an image containing either text or image?
Can you present the convolution of sinusoidal with itself?
What is the right way to calculate the inverse Z-transform of $zX(z^{-1})$
Is output of convolution of sinusoidal with itself, also sinusoidal?
Multi-Time Window FFT
How to calculate step response for $y''(t) - y(t) = x'(t) - x(t)$ in time domain?
How would addition with a constant in time domain affect my signal in frequency domain?
Why audio clipping produces harmonics?
Is there a way to go from a set of (F/D)FT values to FIR coefficients?
How can I convert time-value pairs to a signal with a constant sampling frequency?
How to determine the FFT size of LTE downlink reciever?
Confusion in basics of Laplace Transform
Fourier Transform of exponential
Changing Units of Axis
Butterworth filter for signal processing
Relation between Covariance matrix & Energy of a random signal
Questions related to Laplace Transform
What are best practices to compute an audio spectrogram?
How to reverse frequency spectrum of a 2D image?
Minimizing sinc spectral lobes
How do I get the Time information after STFT?
Triangle-kernel filtering problems at non-integer ratios
Matlab : Help in getting the correct constellation diagram for QAM modulation
What does 'z' in Z-transform represent ? Is it frequency or something else?
Choosing minimum sampling frequency of a filtered signal
Running window maximum: Any cautions?
Power spectrum estimate from FFT
Acoustic characteristics of thoracic diaphragm
State space equation from differential equation
Calculating RMS/Crest Factor for a Stereo Signal
Time-domain filtering to match a target time-varying frequency response
Relation of roots of a polynomial to amplitude distribution of its coefficients
Interpretation of Convergence plot in terms of mean square error
Why we take Laplace Transform of functions which converged using Fourier Transform
Can anyone help with cross correlation error in Simulink?
Comparing two colored lines
Causal downsampling of a small buffer of GPS positions
Framing an audio signal
How can create a .wav bar based spectrogram on matlab?
Why is the last value of an RFFT always real?
Which image for DoG filter?
Computes velocity from sampled position
Why power and not amplitude?
How to derive the $\log$ of fraction of two Gaussian distribution
How does the PASCAL VOC challenge evaluate the task of object detection?
Estimate changing time lag between signals
salt noise in an image
Why does the Hamming window attenuate the FFT?
How do we find the capacity of MIMO wideband point to point system?
Detect ending of frame in H.264 video stream
Moravec, Harris noisy window
Laplace Transform of $-e^{-at}u(-t)$
Confusion in proof of Inverse Laplace Transform
What is concurrent Signal?
Converting from RGB to Lab to reduce colors
Reducing Pepper Noise from an Image
IIR Filter Design Issues : MATLAB
Why is an audio compressed in FLAC(Free Lossless Audio Codec) changing its bit rate?
Zero Phase - Moving Average Filter
Expected plot didn't come out!
How to simulate High Power Amplifier(HPA), like Solid State Power Amplifier (SSPA)
Is the following equation established?
Is there a general name for this kind of filter?
How to find SNR of received DSB:AM signal with white noise after demodulation & LPF'ed?
Why upsample before modulation?
Obtain the frequency response of a time domain chirp signal
Low-rank approximation of the STFT matrix : good audio compression technique?
Dealing with quantization level limiting dsp
Unable to obtain correct correct fourier transform for homework
Kalman Filter initial Q values
Moving average vs. Moving median
Design a FIR filter with a Kaiser window
How to Generate the Following Image Effect (Modulation)?
image processing
How to go about implementing a program to measure the "intensity"/"saturation" of a color in an image?
Non Uniformity in MFCC Training Data
Finding Laplace Transform without ROC
how to smooth estimated velocity
Can you use Fourier transformations (or other) to read multiple superimposed barcodes?
How do you plot the fft of an audio signal in matlab?
Is there a relatively easy way to detect likely real-time peaks in discrete-time data?
How does "image synthesis" work?
What is the correct way to apply multiple IIR filters to a signal in MATLAB
Frequency shift property of Fourier transform
Question about z transform
Why does my GAIN remain constant after a few cycles?
Recursively obtaining all-pole coefficients from complex cepstral coefficients?
What f() for unscented kalman filter for stock trading?
How to tune PID parameters to track a family of reference signals?
Inverse Z-transform with complex conjugate poles
sampling rate for band pass signal
Calculating original signal from Discerete Fourier Transform
Mutual information of $ \infty $-PAM
Correlation in DSBSC modulation
How does PSOLA pitch-shift work in real-time?
Comparing MFCC Features ,What do they represent?
What is the phase of the Fourier Transform of $h(n)={\frac13,\frac13,\frac13}$ (zero position is at 2nd element)
'ADC' sort of conversion method to retain information
Compute the time derivative of a noisy digital signal?
Principal Component Analysis as a step between STFT and MFCC
Morphological transformations for images with discrete values
Fourier transform of certain noisy function
What is the difference between PSOLA and TDHS time-scaling or pitch-shifting?
Mysterious notation used in "BLIT" CCRMA paper
Dynamic Time warping for voice recognition
Frequency dependent frequency shift
Doing analysis using IQ demodulation in Python
Emulate signal loss of a pixellated detector in Python?
The difference between convolution and cross-correlation from a signal-analysis point of view
change the central frequency of a wavelet
Finding peaks in an Audio spectrogram
How to get cofficients in DFT?
How to eliminate noise that has the same frequency of my signal
Standard deviation of the spectrum of white noise
Calculating similarity between bit strings/signal
How to remove or filter the drift problem in measured Strain signal?
Removing Bounded Noise from an Audio Signal
Getting composition of a mixture of colours
Is the value of a discrete time signal 0 when the index is a non integer value?
Exact definition of soft bits in digital receiver
Observation Matrix in Kalman Filter
Detection Algorithm in 2D Images
Filtering a signal using Autoregressive (AR) filter and finding the coeff of AR filter using Yule Walker equation in MATLAB
reducing MIPS in detecting tones
Capturing images on fast moving conveyor belt
Finding the right measure to compare sound signals in the frequency domain
How is per-class rate defined?
Baseband vs Passband simulation in terms of noise impact
Frequency spectrum of an amplitude modulated signal
compression algorithm
Alternative to scipy maximum_filter to find peaks?
Curve fitting to distorted Gaussian
Filter to add 3dB per octave?
Open source GPS+IMU sensor fusion?
Multiplier in digital signal processing?
How do I smooth this noisy signal?
OFDM channel estimation
Using FFT to determine frequency
Which is the total energy of the product of two discrete energy signals
Frequency Representation of Downsampled Signal
Sign of DC Component obtained from FFT differs with the sign of Mean of the signal, Does the sign really matter?
Real-time resampling pitch-shifting (without corrective time-stretching)?
Multiplication property DTFT
8*8 block matrix in JPEG image compression?
Windowing function squared?
Find minimum sampling rate of non-ideal notch filter
Why is the name "Phase vocoder"?
What's a "Fourier filter"?
Bandwidth of M-ary modulation schemes
Why does this constant-Q transform "lose octaves"?
Denoising of Images capture by digital camera using Butterworth Filter
High Transmission Power : BPSK or QPSK?
Maximising each element in a matlab array
Partitioning the frequency axis with shifting resolution
High-pass filtering pre-processing before computing audio features
Best algorithm for time-scaling
Minimum bandwidth condition in FSK
Linear Prediction of AR Process
How is the luminance vector calculated for these linear matrix transforms
How to calculate the scale, rotation angle and translation between 2 images if we know the homography result matrix?result
Essential Matrix from line correspondences
Performed the Danielson-Lanczos shuffling for FFT, but I don't know what to do next
How to create a sine wave that transitions through frequencies and returns to phase
How to filter almost periodic noise?
Compute step response from impulse response of continuous-time LTI system
Determining channel frequency response from measured data via IFFT
Audio silence on 1.0
How to make a 2D gaussian Blur terms?
What are the fundamental reasons that suggest us to minimise transmission power for energy-efficient radio link design?
Old photographies coloring
Are there libraries for extraction of sound wave features?
How to determine if output signals represent the same process with different unknown random inputs
Performed FFT on an audio signal, but what does the output actually mean?
Why does the BER rate change randomly versus the SNR?
About output signal digital band pass filter
Studying spectral leakage due to DFT length and frequency resolution
What are good estimates for phonemes length?
Log-Polar DFT Based Scale-Invariant Image Registration
Behaviour of microphone with high volume input
Problem in hardware implementation of cross correlation without xcorr
Is $x(t) = \cos t + \sin\left(\frac{1}{2}t\right)$ a periodic signal?
How does delta modulation work practically?
Counting percentage of fouling on a surface
Multiplication of two noise
Kalman Filter for estimating position with nonconstant velocity & acceleration
Inverse Sliding DFT
Getting frequency content at different times from discrete wavelet transform coeffs
Relation between bandwidth and data rate
Get phase information from bursty time series with amplitude variability and sharp edges
What is the role of a LPF in oversampling?
Using FFT to demodulated a sine wave envelope with a cosine carrier
Trouble understanding discrete Fourier Transform
Matlab version rpmordermap and rpmfreqmap
How to quantify area of interest in an image?
Should I use a high pass filter or low pass filter to enhance the features for image splicing detection?
$\int^{\frac12}_{-\frac12}X(f)e^{j2\pi nf}df=\frac{1}{F_s}\int^{\frac {F_s}{2}}_{-{\frac {F_s}{2}}}X(F)e^{j2\pi nF/F_s}dF$ for $f=\frac{F}{F_s}$?
How does Adobe After Effects generate its "audio spectrum" effect?
Is the below filter linear phase
Combining Kalman Filters
Relation Between Compressed Sensing and Incoherence
How to understand the energy centralizes at low frequency after making DCT on an image?What does energy mean?
rtlsdr sample rates and nyquist rate
Simulating musical instruments using their impulse response
Find unknown broadcast frequency
Audio transient characterization of instrumental music
Why is convolution or FFT breaking in this case?
What makes an image feature stable?
camera calibration change orientation of axis
Kalman filter to filter noise from acceleration data
Tracking position and velocity using a kalman filter
Help Solving a Difference Equation
Aplying FFT to Wav file data
How does correlation work in an image?
Fourier transform 4 times = original function (2D and higher)
Relation between two k-spaces phase-frequency and spatial frequencies in
Advantages of Splines in Compressed sensing
Structure Tensor vs. Hessian Matrix
Is DCT (Discrete Cosine Transform) of Type-2 lossless or lossy?
How can spectrum of DTFT of sampled band-limited analog signal be in $[-\pi,\pi]$
How to do base-band simulation of coherent detection of M-ary orthogonal signals?
Accuracy of IFFT(FFT(X)) unit transformation
doubt of intersection of ROC Z Transform
FFT Convolution: missing sample somewhere
How to get the DCT energy distribution image in MATLAB,or we may call it the DCT coefficients distribution image?
DSSS/CDMA: Number of distinguishable users with gold codes
Calculating Beam pattern, Directivity of microphone array
Filter Design for Phase Response
Scale of Amplitude in FFT (Matlab)
Find reappearing pattern in the signal
Apparent frequency due to aliasing - proof
How do I calculate the autocorrelation of a train pulse having only the pdf?
What is the transfer function of this block diagram
Phase spectrum: $\mathrm{arg}\mathcal{F}(\omega)$ or $\mathrm{-arg}\mathcal{F}(\omega)$?
There is a mysterious factor when compute coeffiencts
When I ask Matlab for a zero-padded FFT, does it (or FFTW) ever explicitly create a zero-padded input vector?
How to understand the de-correlation property of DCT? What does de-correlation mean?
Phasor notation of a complex number with apparently non-constant radius
How to make the $\ell_2$ norm of all columns and rows of an $n \times n$ matrix equal to $\sqrt{n}$?
Is the book wrong? -- How to sketch frequency response obtained from H(z)?
How to choose basis functions that contribute most efficiently per term to an approximation of an image f(x,y)?
Are there any template matching / optical flow algorithms for large image displacement?
What are some deep results in sampling theory?
How can I approximate a signal
What does 'correlation' and 'de-correlation' mean in image-processing?
What is the difference between MSE and PSNR of images?
stationary vs. undecimated wavelet transform
Pyramid vs Scale-space in Focus Stacking
Why are the observation features of an HMM-based recognition/synthesis system modeled by a Gaussian distribution?
What type of images are required for voxel classification?
AWGN and Rayleigh fading in slow flat fading channels in MATLAB
Historical notes of filter designs?
Are there equations for placing sounds in the stereo field using delays?
How to simulate hyper-spectral images
How do I normalize accelerometer signals values to an relative scale?
How is the Leslie speaker simulated?
Can the FFT representation of a signal be modified w/o creating glitches?
how can we tell that OTSU binarization is feasible or not.
Quick question about difference between two implementations of MFCC
Create struct from column vectors
The Bode frequency shifter
How do delay lines create so many effects?
Implementing a 1-D Kalman Filter Regression, Missing the smoothing action (getting the opposite)
Is the Hilbert transform computable "losslessly"?
What's a "delay line"?
what is a Gaussian signal?
This is an expression for the computation of kurtosis.
Response of a system to a step function (heaviside)
Saliency Map based on itti model
how to generate a smooth sine wave with time varying frequency in matlab
Question related to Discrete signal convolution
In MATLAB ,do the input signals need to be of the same sampling rate for the conv function to work correctly?
why difference between this example and matlab result
What does this signal filter do? (coming from finance)
Design one of 4 type of FIR filter by window function?
DSP for computer engineers
Fixing for windowing function in FFT
Given a discrete time signal, what is the sequence of possible frequencies I can get from DTFT?
finding the fundamental frequency in frequency domain
Why is it easier to extract color in HSV model than in RGB?
How does mic combined with loudspeaker work?
Methods for edge detection with non-equidistant samples
Effect of redundant training data in HMM-based speech recognizer/synthesizer?
Question regarding transfer functions and prerequsities for finding the real impulse response
How many samples per cycle(time period) is actually enough to reproduce the sine wave sound properly?
signal sampling for 2nd time of sampled signal
Noise due to Fluorescent light in a signal from a LED
Z-transform of x[a -n]...where a is int
DFT/FFT Transfer function
Quantization SNR of bipolar signal
Sampling rate conversion for audio using ffmpegwrapper in python
HMM-based speech recognition/synthesis: state representation of monophones and triphones
what should be the min number of samples and sampling frequency while playing sound
How to simulate a stereo recording?
Convolution by IIR filter, a case where circular convolution is allowed?
What are the ripple and attenuation in a set of moving average filters?
Select talk not music from podcast
Image datasets used for salient objects?
What are characteristics of different MR images?
how can i center an audio signal?
Logaritmic amplitude squarewave
Simulate packet loss in internet video streaming
Are all IIR filters unstable in nature?
Zero-Phase Algorithm in Matlab
Implementing wavelet transform for finding transients in the power supply
Formulas of the Fourier transform family
Obtaining signal energy modulation for voice activity detection
Computing of speech signals modulation entropy
What kind of filter would have a sawtooth frequency response?
what is happening when i run this code line?
FFT, padding, IFFT and plot in time domain
Can I segment characters from this image with CSV?
Optimized 2D wavelet transform using FFT
Performance of adaptive filter
DFT Filter Banks
Modeling ADC in Active Noise Cancellation
Is R suitable for digital signal processing
FFT of SIN waves with different phase delays
Meaning of concentric circles on the spectrogram
Window functions and indexes larger than N/2
How to obtain impulse response from the differential equation of a system?
How to find Fourier Series Coefficients
Pulse shaping and Baseband filtering
FWGN model implementation vs explaination (textbook pages attached)
Choosing low-pass filter parameters
What is the range for alpha in window equations
Oversampled polyphase filter banks
Relation between Laplace and Fourier transforms
Hessian Matrix. Second partial derivative test
DTFT inconsistency
Resonance and Pitch classes
Discrimiation between human speech and computer generated one
Vein extraction from this image
STFT Window Size is 2048, Why is the output 1025?
Calculating signal/noise ratio and the noise level
Understanding "voltage" and "power" in SNR of a sampled signal
Is there a proof that equal bandwidths have equal information-carrying capacity?
adding u(t) and r(t) to create a signal
Regarding BIQUAD IIR implementation in MATLAB
Given the absolute value of a function, find hilbert pairs that make it up
Empirical Distribution White Noise Tests
How to do edge detection using Curvelet transform?
what doest "hit or miss" in morphology do?
How much can the FFT noise affect the timbre analysis of a harmonic sound?
Complex band pass filter
How to merge transitions?
Mask a voice tone
Why is a square wave aliased?
How can I reconstruct a Time series using it AR coefficients in MATLAB?
How to average MFCCs from different speakers saying the same word?
Adjust the power of a digital signal to a given value
What is the state-of-the-art of using signal-processing for "cleaning-up" videos?
3dB-Cut off frequency of moving average
Finding a signals complimentary sound / frequency
Eigenvalues of a vector
Why do I have to divide by $\pi$ in order to scale amplitude of sine frequency spectrum?
Why Butterworth filter always starts my signal from from zero mark (amplitude)?
Band limited wavetables
Apply band pass filter (BPF) before calculating the power of a signal (PSD)?
Kalman filter : simple code example
Relation between sawtooth Fourier coefficients and its DFT
How to calculate the discrete power of a discrete signal?
Disadvantage of high downsampling rates with CIC filters
Minimum Sampling Rate of Bandpass signal
Resampling a digital sound signal
Gaussian filter in terms of pixel radius
Fast DCT implementation
Two signals with the same frequency in the same area can interfere?
How do I calculate the eigenvalues of a covariance matrix which contains harmonic functions
Algorithm to extract polygones with holes
How to normalize audio data for feature extraction
The need for phase wrapping?
Turn a decision problem into a linear filter problem
Minimum Phase & maximum phase
Filtering noise from FFT, where noise is known to be shifted delta function
Code generation for `sum` function in MATLAB
Smoothing the discrete acceleration
Low Pass Filter - pixel correlation
What is a good way to locate butterfly in an image
Determining type of filter given its equation
How to calculate energy of an OFDM signal?
Cut-off frequencies for fractional sample rate adjustment
Keeping track of units for spectral energy of discrete signals
Farrow fractional delay filter - Range of delay?
Eigenvalues of correlation matrix which have the form of an harmonic function
How Matched filter is transformed due to frequency modulation?
Is digitization of discrete valued signal necessary for it to be processed?
fmcw radar sampling requirements
Acoustical Design considerations for Active Noise Cancellation Project for Air vent
Complex signal transform
Extrapolation after taking inverse Fourier transform
Compression Ratio in ECG compression using Wavelet Decomposition
why type 2 FIR cannot be used to design high pass filter
How to ensure anti-aliasing in image resampling at lower resolution?
Should I use CV_HAAR_SCALE_IMAGE while using LBP CascadeClassifier?
Algorithm to effectively find perspective transform in motion estimation
Implementation of DCT for MFCC
FSK demodulator by integration if the samples per symbols is 2
Phase response of moving average filter -- how to interpret?
FPGA vs DSP for MAC operations
how to find breakpoints of a signal based on the frequency of the signal
Exponential weighted moving average time constant
how to design LPH and HPF from APF
What is the name of this transform similar to the Radon transform?
Fourier transform of ${\Pi}_{a}(t)\cos(2{\pi}f_{0}t)$
Getting a more accurate frequency read from autocorrelation and peak-detection algorithm
Python - Normalized cross-correlation to measure similarites in 2 images
Which one is good Image processing language?
Pre-envelope of ${\Pi}_{a}(t)\cos(2{\pi}f_{0}t)$
Can we start a wave $\sin(2x-4)$ from position 4 in the horizontal axis?
Single/ Double sided spectrum plot
Why Runge-Kutta for Quaternion integration in Kalman filter?
Is $A\cos(\omega t+\theta)$ a Gaussian random process?
Estimation of Instantaneous Amplitude
Signal encoding identification
Artificial Neural Network Preprocessing in Real-Time Applications
Matlab fast fourier transform (FFT) function and time in hours frequency : hertz or millihertz?
normalize fft produced by fftw_plan_dft_r2c_1d
Convert one sound sample in different sample where each sample's pitch is a note (do-re-mi...)
How is that after random numbers with their negatives alternating passing through 5, 4, 3 order moving average filter, become quasi sinusoidals?
Is there a set formula for calculating FIR coefficients (for a LPF ir 96 taps)?
Z-transformation
How is it determined that an adaptive filter has converged?
Are time series data always contain noise?
removal of blackman harris window results in signal higher than expected
Is this a kind of aliasing error and how to make correction?
Extract repeating structure from an image
Relationship between the Real and Imaginary parts of a LTI causal system
Sampling frequency lower than half of sampled signal frequency?
How the noise in time series can be reduced?
The way to measure chromatic tuners' precision
Can a (vanilla) Kalman Filter's Observation Matrix $H_k$ depend on the state vector $x_k$?
Fast Normalized Cross-Correlation for Stream-Data
Calculating the SNR from the power spectrum. Is my suggestion relevant?
DFT normalization for amplitude estimation
Why is autocorrelation used without normalization in signal processing field?
Frequency range for set of all discrete-time sinusoids
Will an Unscented Kalman Filter Be "As Good" as Other Optimization Algorithms for This Problem?
Quantifying the symmetry of a signal
Calculating the product of discrete transfer functions
Generating drum sample in programming language
IFFT of Microphone Array Directivity Response
Playing samples in a loop, without clicks or pops
Does the hold part in sample and hold turns the signal from discrete to continuous?
Which one is the correct graph for $u[2-n]$?
Measure scalloping loss of window function
Is there a way to see video after applying packet loss
Non-zero mean of Kalman innovation
How do I find the phase response of a filter from the filter equation?
Are there other filter models besides IIR and FIR for processing digital signals?
What does variance actually mean in control theory?
Converting magnitude to dBs
Relationship between z-transform and DFT
ROC of the product of two Z-Transforms
Problem with simulation of the desired shape of the signal
The Rank Of Broadband LCMV Beamformer Constraint Matrix
Efficient real-time pitch detection algorithm
Is this system LTI?
Identifying the magnitude and impulse response from pole zero plot quickly
Proof of a CTFT property
Channel Estimation / Equalization - Estimate Channel Inverse Using White Noise Statistics Only
Problem designing a specific FIR filter
Why is CDMA so complicated, wouldn't this simpler solution work?
How to analyze reverb in existing sound recording?
Interpolated impulse response for fraction delay?
Finding parameters of exponentially decaying sinusoids (Matrix Pencil Method)
3dB and 6dB Per Octave Rolloff Digital Filters / Generating Pink and Brown Noise
Noise Peaks Near Nyquist Frequency
Sampling H(z) to get DFT
How to implement Cross Spectral Density
How does formant shifting work?
Noise cancellation for known sources
Extracting DCT coefficients from H.264/AVC bitstream
Can anyone explain how does CZT (Chirp Z Transform) really help in 'spectral zooming'?
Detect quasi-parallel lines with spurs in a binary image
A reference request for zero-order hold (ZOH)
Delay by "$z$" in matlab simulink
Differences between soft knee and hard knee in Dynamic Range Compression (DRC)?
How can resonance be added to a fractional order Butterworth low pass
GQRX Frequency tuning
Spectrum of a time-domain impulse train
NORM_HAMMING2 vs NORM_HAMMING
Does/can physical audio theory exist?
How do I calculate the SNR of a noisy signal without having the noise?
Recovering phase from spectrogram
FIR estimator for IIR system
MATLAB fvtool: Setting the passband ripple below 0dB for a FIR Filter
Why this DTFT plot from CTFT?
Shape of Kaiser windowing function FFT response
Using 8 bit samples for speech comparison
Why is the DFT used for spectrograms rather than the DCT?
What benefits can we get from the use of GFDM?
what does prototype mean in clustering?
White noise sound vs harmonic sound reverb
How to realize DFT6 with 3 DFT2 blocks?
Is it possible exctract sinusoids from non periodic signal?
Determine sequence's value from equally null circular convolution DFT
Additive synthesis vs. "just draw the waveform"
Memorylessness of simple delay system
best similarity measure for audio classification
Acoustic room simulation - Craven's hypothesis
Short lowpass filter that also extrapolates lines
Problem designing a specific filter
What is the benefit of FFT when we're already sampling at an acceptable rate?
Downsampling and Then Upsampling
Daubechies wavelet transform
How can I improvise matlab code from GLCM to CLCM(Color Level Co occurrence Matrix) for feature extraction in texture analysis?
How to Subtract One Signal from Another?
Specifications (N) FIR Low Pass Resamplig, Hamming Window
Improve coverage of BackgroundSubtractorMOG2 and findContours
DFT of a cosine/sine wave?
Hilbert Transform from FFT?
Why is it better to sample white noise in frequency domain here?
Initial conditions for the LTI systems described as a difference equations
difference between wavelet filters
Filtering data on a known signal
Transform matrix creation in compressed sensing
Can I create a transformation matrix from rotation/translation vectors?
Calculus on sound signals?
Unit step function present in convolution result
MATLAB Adaptive Filters
Sampling Theorem: How to know the value between two samples of a Signal
IQ imbalance amplitude
Gaussian wavelet generation of a given frequency
What is the difference between photon shot noise and salt and pepper noise?
What are the spike removal techniques in matlab without using filters
How to think about beamforming when there's no "space" between receivers?
Repeater based pathing
How can I use a trained model to generate related images?
Find Natural Frequency $\omega_n$
How to match a thumbnail to an area in the original image?
Analysis of a LTI system using DFT
Question about vanishing moments in wavelet transforms
Time scaling in DFT?
Block code error control with $d \ge c+u+1$
Multiple parallel IIR bandpass filters with different centre frequencies combined into one filter for optimisation... possible?
Calculating Delta MFCC, correct formula?
Beginner Question: Extracting Features for Image Classification
Output gain when upsampling and downsampling
Filtering a digital signal online in real-time using python
Lagrange Multipliers Optimization - Complex Functions
Proximal operator of image Laplacian
Depth estimation from live video stream in matlab
Zero-order interpolation problem
What does pre-emphasis $\alpha=1$ will do to a signal?
Derivative of $l_1$ norm
Cross-Correlation Signal Delay Estimation Variance
Decimating physics data
why do low pass and high pass filters generate a phase shift?
IDFT of H(z) sampled in N values
Which method to choose to get linear phase response zero group delay low-pass filter?
DAPSK bit assignment for the amplitude difference
Intuition behind impulse response terms in convolution
How can convolution and deconvolution be defined for 3D images?
What does MATLAB display when plotting a sound signal?
How can I duplicate this type of image?
Why Fourier Transform doesn't show obvious periodicity?
Structuring Kalman filter for tracking problem where only position is known
Why do we really split pulse shaping between the transmitter and the receiver?
Closed form of $\mathcal Z$-transform : decomposition signal $x(n)$
Parameter identification for PI controller
Guess stability based on filter coefficients
Why is cos(n/6) aperiodic?
Root raised cosine pulse shaping peak value
Differentials - Differences: Non causality in the system
Is Karplus-Strong synthesis a reliable way to test pitch detection algorithms?
How is the sound converted to matrix in Matlab?
Causal noise free 1st order derivation in discrete domain
FIR filter : $h(n)$ is palindrome?
methods of computing fixed point atan2 on FPGA
Real DFT Using DCT
How does shifting a signal in the time domain affect its frequency domain?
Is there a difference between filtering a signal before or after differentiating it?
How to select the length of a smoothing moving average filter?
How to measure/estimate symbol rate of a signal with unknown ( but probably QAM ) modulation?
Does the output of this system have a closed form expression?
What are the implications of resampling the derivative of a signal with a higher frequency than the original signal?
why is moving towards higher frequencies so important in frequency spectrum?
Narrowband Signal Decomposition
Is there a way to protect your signal?
What information does fourier transform carry?
Detecting Central Axis (petiole/rachis) of a Pinnated Palm
How to use the Walsh-Hadamard transform to filter 24 bit RGB color values in a localized spatial region?
what's gaussian noise look like?
Confusion regarding Sobel operator
What is the relationship between passivity of impulse response and passivity of the system?
Is this waterfall characteristic of QAM or OFDM (or something other) modulation?
Extended Kalman filter (EKF)
Discrete signals in spectrum to Analog : DFT
Transfer function of linear phase filter & its frequency domain representation
MFCC - Significance of number of features
Aliasing in wave-scanning oscillator
FFT results for short burst of signal
Generalized/Power means in DSP
white noise in images
Dealing with MFCC Feature Vectors of different sizes
How does salt and pepper noise occurs in an image
maching convolution filters to results
Sound reflections plot
Relation between Fourier Series & Fourier transform
Ergodicity of joint process
DFT have independent variable in between 0 to $\frac{1}{2}$ no of samples
Object localization down to the pixel
Can you apply an audio filter/effect to only part of an audio signal and not get audio glitches?
Moving signal power normalization
Deriving the Euler-Lagrange Equations for the Chan-Vese Model
Convert Fourier transform of a signal to $\omega$ form?
A C/C++ library for FIR filter design with "Don't Care region"
Find $X_s(f)$ of a sampled continuous signal
How do I calculate correlated color temperature correctly?
Convolution & FT properties
Fourier Transform of triangle function $x(t)=\Delta\left(\frac{t-1}{2}\right)$
Filtering Frequency Bands Out of a Signal
Transfer function from experimental time domain data
image type after an ifft reconstruction
Order Analysis Signal Processing
Is there any formula for coding gain of Turbo code?
Delay issue in time series prediction
Question about ASK, correlation, and frequency domain
Phaser effect with feedback control IIR filter calculation
How to know when a sound in a given frequency starts and ends?
What is the beneficient of taking the FFT of an ecg signal?
What would the plot of an two sided digital signal look like?
Why is the total signal response response of zero input + zero state, $y(t) = y_0(t) + h(t)\star x(t)$, not an LTI?
Control of pendulum (crane trolley)
how to design wavelets from splines
Does Reed-Muller codes exist when $r = 0$ and $m = 0$?
Would it be feasible to implement the Sliding DFT on a digital signal processor?
Finding specific spots in an audio signal
Window function on large arays
Discrete Fourier Transform for text analysis?
Question about convolution in time and frequency domain
Seeking segmentation methods for this light microscope image
Matlab signal processing removing white noise from signal
How to achieve Shannon's capacity if coding introduces a spectral efficiency loss?
Envelope detection in frequency domain with MATLAB
Transport Block calculation in LTE Downlink
Fourier transform of Image to identify sinusoidal sources of interference
Which transformation in frequency domain equals a x-axis shift of a signal in time domain?
Hand Jitter Problem
Convert sine wave signal to square wave signal
IIR filters with variable roll-off
Comparison Between Guided Filter (Edge Preserving Filter) and Gaussian Filter
Fitting an IIR filter to a complex transfer function
connection between theory that is done in $L^2(\mathbb{R})$ and its application on discrete signal
In block codes (channel coding), in practice how is the message length ($k$) fixed?
what is the correct answer for shifting and scaling this signal?
Zero-order-hold for two dimensional signal $x(t_1,t_2)$
Do I have to flip my kernel when performing an FFT-based convolution?
square wave frequency representation
necessity of patch size in edge detection algorithms
Extracting multiple signals to baseband
What is the point of decimation?
Linear Time-Invariant system frequency response and impulse response given input and output in time domain
Lowpass filter impulse response in frequency domain
System characterization given pole-zero mapping
Car engine audible through AM radio -- what is this called?
How to interpret spectrogram correctly?
Estimate $s$ from $y=s+n$
Sampling and zero crossing
Concept check on doing multiply in time with circular convolution in frequency domain
approach to differentiate noisy data with steep ramp
Detection of sine signals with random amplitudes
Multi-band audio delay filter?
Signal signs are changing after IFFT reconstruction
Inverse Fourier Transform problem
What is the interpretation of the discrete-time spectrum?
Periodic noise attenuation
VIbrato (pitch variation) function
How to identify and differentiate frequency and time in EEG data using python?
$2\pi$ periodicity of discrete-time Fourier transform
Relation between the DTFT and the spectrum of a sampled signal
Discrete wavelet transform
Numerically generating noise time series from spectral density
Filter Design - Step Response
Are the 4 types of linear phase FIR filters the only linear phase FIR filters one can come up with?
Filtering out low-frequency bias
Inverse $\mathcal Z$-transform of system with an 8th order pole
Blending artifacts in OpenCV image stitching
Get level of wellness in a cascade classifier using LBP
Decoding of binary signal from a temperature sensor
Zeroing FFT bins without taking inverse FFT
Speech recognition using MFCC and DTW(Dynamic Time Warping)?
I have a pressure signal and want to do SPL analysis on it
Metric Spaces: Why $L_\infty$ selects the maximum value
Audio frequency modulation algorithm
How do I understand Fourier descriptors more visually and intuitively?
Downsampling in DWT algorithm
Quantifying how good I'm producing a spectral density
How to design an interpolated notch filter in Python to filter powerline harmonics
Double Integrating Gaussian Noise
Generate a nonuniform illumination (bias field) 2D image
Recommendation for book - Writing DSP code in C
Help using vector quantization
Amplitude Shift Keying coding
finding maximum frequency
2D Gaussian Seperation into 1D Gaussian components
How to get a Standard Deviation weighted average in image?
Apply Kalman filter to remove process noise, given zero measurement error
Transfer function of an Exponential system in Z domain
Zero, First, Second ... nth-order Hold
Bit Error Probability for 8PSK
Real-time delay between signals
How to approach detection of anomalies in a video feed?
Is Hilbert transform not defined for complex signals?
iZotope RX's FFT processing?
Band-pass filter doubles the frequency
Multichannel input/output evaluation board
What is the relation between hilb and Hilbert transform in MATLAB?
Purpose of FIR Filter Structure
suppose if we send AM modulated message signal through space how the receiver will be knowing that we applied AM modulation?
What is plotted against the DFT of a windowed sampled signal?
How can a medical doctor use the information given by someone working in medical image computing(shape analysis)? Details follow
Signal response in Frequency Hz from angular frequency
DAC to Analog Filter to ADC
identify a specific table in document image
Finding Repetetion rate of ns pulsed waveforms
A few conceptual questions about filter, pole, and bilinear
Eigenfunctions of discrete-time LTI systems
Programming a peaking filter (and how do I FFT?)
How to pick a sampling frequency for Matlab fft
How to separate mixed signals, 3 identical gears meshing together
What is different between gradient and imgradient functions in MATLAB
Will decorrelating an audio signal help reduce interference patterns at low frequencies?
graph of lowpass filter
Fully random PN sequence
Alternative for pcshow() function in matlab
IFFT-based OFDM system
Pearson correlation of neural responses with it's linear estimation
Detecting outliers/noise from sensor data
extending windowing function to higher dimensions
How to improve filter quality at low fs
Estimate camera generalized velocity from consecutive frames
How to get finer grained spectral decomposition for audio signals?
How is the 'max frequency' of a signal fixed?
Nyquist (Nth) digital filters
non-uniform sampling on the unit circle - applications
What is the physical significance of the Fourier coefficients in the DFT of audio signals and how can they be best displayed in a spectrogram?
Unexpected behaviour when using lfilter with initial filter delay multiple times
discrete digital filtering in python
Cost function for adaptive algorithms
RLS Algorithm Convergence
How to determine the central frequency from a vectorial spectrum analyzer?
Signal's Fundamental Frequency is different from Plotted Signal
What is the LOW frequency resolution rule analogous to Nyquist?
Derive chernoff bound for $\mathrm{erfc}(x)$
What is the real difference between DSP and AI/data science?
In cyclic codes, a code vector can be obtained from another by simple circular shift. Why then the other method?
How to achieve image straightening as cam scanner does?
Image distortion and alignment on 3D mesh / pointcloud
Is there any transformation to exploit the sparsity of a Gaussian Wave?
Correcting Impulse Invariance Method
How do I perform a spectral averaging? Amplitude spectral density
How often do a LTE eNodeB scheduler schedule?
What would produce this "hamburger" corruption on images?
Synthesis DFT Filter Bank
ASK demodulation using DSP
Causal system, order of numerator and denominator
100 samples ahead signal prediction
$\mathrm{FFT}$ generates non-linear noise
Real Time Depth Estimation in MATLAB
Coherence bandwidth/delay spread in OFDM
Compressive sensing: numerical generation of RIP matrices
How to write cyclic codes?
Why is Gaussian noise called so?
Why must outputs be the same for a pair of inputs for a causal system?
What is an arithmetic mean filter?
What is Typical RTP Packet size for H.264 video transmission
Add padding to object in 4-channel image
Compressive Sensing - Location of Non Zero Elements
What does "how to identify impulse response of a system?" mean?
Get position of different frequencies in sound signal
Extracting accurate phase and amplitude information from FFT with an arbitrary number of samples
Kalman Filtering and space parametrization
What is an Adaptive Mean Filter?
How to find a noisy line in a picture
Help Understanding Time of Flight Phase Sanitization Algorithm
What does it mean by "Adding Gaussian Noise to a 2D Image"?
1D FFT algorithm elements explanation?
Calculating energy spectral density function of half-cosine function
Conversion of transmitter power from Watts into dB
Can channel capcity be explained in simple terms?
What Is the Difference Between MRF and Total Variation in Noise Removal?
Determine whether a signal is increasing or decreasing over time
Why does this reconstruction produce a phase shift from the original signal?
Calculating an exponential curve
Is GNU Radio a good choice still?
Measures that can be used to truncate linear series of functions
How to measure noise, consonance, dissonance of a sound?
What is bit rate? How is it related to bandwidth?
What Does It Mean by Gradient / Divergence / Curl of a 2D Image $ g \left( x, y \right) $?
FFT and input voltage
systematic way to determine best bit mapping policy
Smoothing an LFO Sawtooth Wave
Capturing the sampling rate from a basketball being dribbled
Calculating a signals frequency when given the number of samples
How to reconstruct 2D flat image from a series of pictures of a tube
how to detect two parallel lines in a binary image with MATLAB
FFT output to graph
Optimal time for sampling symbol in digital receivers
What's the Q of a pole at the origin of the s-plane?
Signal correlation vs Pearson correlation between signals
What does convolution has the meaning?
MRI Slice image reconstruction
identification of sounds within audio signals
Does MATLAB have a FM discriminator
Shift invariant in wavelet
How does an Image filter really sweep an Image?
What are bits in the context of channel capacity units?
Combination of accelation signals from two devices
Convolution and windowing using a buffer - how do I do overlap add?
How to implement a $j$-level $M$-band wavelet transform of an image?
Applying DTW on MFCC frames
Polar form of the Fourier transform of $\sin(t)$
Which of these features may not be needed or redundant?
Why is the signum function $=2u(t) - 1$?
How to design very narrow, sharp lowpass filters - Only DC needed?
Why is $x$ not considered a primitive polynomial while being considered an irreducible polynomial?
Real digital filter property
How to show that the signal $x_n = A\cos(\omega n)$ can be fully predicted by a system with two weights $w_1,w_2$
How to specify 2-D coordinates of an object in matlab?
How do we actually obtain samples to form discrete time samples?
When do you use a minimum-phase filter over a linear-phase filter
Phase shifting a noisy signal
When input data into a low pass filter, are the first several data unusable?
Problem using MMSE estimation of channel frequency response
Closed-form expression for Whittaker-Shannon interpolation for non-bandlimited signals
Can two different impulse responses give the same frequency response?
How to use deconv() instead of roots() on MATLAB to find roots to a polynomial
Calculating spectral coherence coefficient (scc) - implementation help
How can I shift this signal to it's midpoint in order to decode it
Adding "realistic" noise to signals of different amplitudes
Expanding piecewise polynomial using Daubechies wavelet
What is the difference between natural response and zero input response?
How many non-zeros samples in convolution
Projection Operator Related question
What filter to use in audio analysis filterbank instead of FFT?
Biquad Filter Optimization
Finding crosses and their orientation on a given image
Why do we assume the matrix of impulse responses to be a Toeplitz matrix during deconvolution
LTI system without constant coefficient differential equation
Are wavelets for audio spectrograms available as a simple FIR filter?
Effect of cyclic prefix and zero-padding in OFDM
Adjusting corner frequency to constrain maximum disturbance in a high-pass filter
Amplitude/phase recovery on noisy signal
Adding two audio files at a predefined SNR level
Designing a discrete-time inverse system
FFT Resolution Inference
Generating 3-dimension $1/f^\alpha$ noise
1/f noise parameter characterization
Convolution theorem for cross-correlation
What does Smoothness Prior mean in the context of image processing?
Auto correlation definition
What is special about the theorem that over GF(2), $f^2(X) = f(X^2)$?
In signal averaging, will the noise be reduced if the noise is not Gaussian?
DFT of real sinusoids - why sum over -$N/2$ to $N/2-1$ as opposed to $0$ to $N-1$?
What is the underlying concept behind Bandpass sampling?
Why are the basis functions for DFT so?
DFT of discrete signals, why do we only analyze frequency bins equal to number of input samples?
In fourier space, how to apply transfer function with n frequencies to input data with m>>n frequencies
Reduce "flicker" in spectrum analysis / spectrogram
Autocorrelation of a noisy linear map
Autocorrelation question
What are Local and Global Inpainting Techniques in Image Processing?
Why Sparse Priors Like Total Variation Opts to Concentrate Derivatives at a Small Number of Pixels?
Very basic questions about linear systems
Inter-point interpolation using FIR filter
Reduce the number of frequencies after FFT
Why Fourier transform and Stockwell-transform retain the absolute phase information of one signal?
Comparing with FIR, why does IIR always gives a bias error, when calculating signal DC?
Impact of the WSOLA analysis increment on the time stretching factor
Can deep neural networks achieve real-time video analysis?
Multipath resistance of spread spectrum systems
What is the absolute phase and the relative phase, of a signal?
Example of radial frequency functions that give scale shiftability
Shall a $1^{\rm st}$ order IIR filter include $x[n-1]$ term?
Speech corpora for VAD
Asymptotic bode plots
Combining IIM and MZT transformation
Is $y[k] = y[k-1] + x[k]$ an integrator?
Getting frequencies out of a FFT
Play IQ data in the soundcard
Create 16 bit sine and write to file
Automatic landmarks on images of hands
What is the default carrier frequency of matlab's pskmod?
How can I read PCM linear file in Octave?
Approximation of Hilbert Transform Using Very Short Hilbert Transform FIR / IIR Filter
3D wiggle plot for an analytic signal: Heyser corkscrew/spiral
Fourier transform of a Fourier transform
Evaluation of Autocorrelation and Power Spectral Density of white noise through a filter
FIR filter (from zeros to filter coefficients)
How to filter objects on basis of orientation of regionprops
A question about sampling theory
Aquila DSP C++ Library - Wave file FFT analog frequency off by factor of 4?
Methods of combing two parameter estimates
Energy of a discrete-time decaying exponential
Understanding Farneback Displacement Estimation
how to detect short pause in a speech with noise?
Bandwidth range for Fast Fourier vs principal component analysis?
How to replace color in an image without changing its texture/shades or brightness?
Continuous phase for phase delay calculus in FIR filters
Power Spectral Density Via Rank 1 Update
Special case: Band-limited in time domain and band-limited in frequency domain
Choosing correct filter parameters for IMU sensor datas
How to find system function, H(z) in the z-domain, given zero-pole plot of the system?
Pre-emphasis filter design
How to design a variable slope highpass filter
Wavelet filter coefficients from scaling filter coefficients
How to remove noise using mean and median filters?
How to classify images based on the amount of colors in the image?
Noise Robust Linear Prediction
Strange step response
How to do 3D audio?
How to remove 50 Hz frequency noise from a PCM file?
How to properly detect segments in a LCD segment display
Best reference for object size estimation in an image
Detection of similar segments of two signal
Oversampled Binary Image Sensor vs Active Pixel Sensor(CMOS)
Demodulating FSK audio in Python
How to interpret output of matched filter with complex input?
Question about decimation/downsampling
Wavelet transform: How to compute the initial coefficients when only samples are available?
Normalize data for transfer function determination?
Possible to shift image pixel-wise with FFT?
How to deal with low fundamental when using AMDF for pitch extraction?
State Estimation by steady state Kalman Filter
How to calculate biquad coefficients for the partial (1%, 10%) applying of pre-emphasis effect
Performing DFT of streaming audio problem. Is there a limit?
Notch Filter - Bandwidth vs pole / zero location vs Q factor
Why is $e^{i2\pi Nf_snT}=1$?
FFT plot in GNU Radio
What is the difference between "tree-based clustering" and "tree-based classification"?
Why is this FFT code not working to extract frequencies from a wav audio?
How to eliminate audio device transfer function from recording?
Is it required to quantize wavelet coefficients before one derives features from?
Why does resampling change the frequency range?
How to calculate particles sizes for spheric particles with overlapping and superposition? (Example image included)
Importance of Discrete Cosine Transform over High Pass filter?
Feature maps for a Convolutional Neural Network
Showing a system is always controllable?
Extended kalman filter for linear system
Can bandwidth of the closed loop be bigger than bandwidth of individual elements in it?
detect to rising, stable and falling point in non-smooth rectangular wave
How to do the highest resolution FFT?
Finding Argmax in MATLAB
Stationary vs non-stationary signals?
Filter Design near Nyquist frequency (complex curve fitting)
Algorithm for Discrete Signal Decomposition
Finding the Amplitude of a Sinusoid in Noise
Accessing Maximum Value from a Singular Value Decomposed Matrix
Periodogram frequencies not matching with signals
How can I realize a complex communication system in a real time application?
Combining channels into single FFT left/right vs mid/side
Is this graph of Wigner-Ville distribution OK?
Are these Linear and Time Invariant Systems?
Zero-pad to chirp signal
Kalman filter - nonlinear measurement model
Looking for low-noise audio data to benchmark some noise-processing techniques
Power of a speech signal
The signal in MRI
What does the output of Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM) represents in a HMM-GMM based speech recognition application?
Simple (Arduino) digital butterworth filter : why do I see oscillations?
how to extract pitch contour of a speech by matlab?
Sampling Rate and SNR
Evaluating the spectral density of generated noise through the autocovariance
Extended Kalman filter - why not use a 2nd order Taylor expansion?
Slope of 2nd order low pass vs band pass Butterworth filters
how to sample and modulate a gps gold code
What is the cost of Hamming coding?
how to detect number of syllables in a batch of audio recordings?
Transfer function sinusoidal response
Maximum Likelihood for Colored Noise
Best DSP algoritms for ultrasonic background noise cancellation
what is nyquist rate of $h(t)\cdot h(t)$ and $h(t)\circledast h(t)$
processing photo diode array data
How we can encode/decode sparse signals?
Why does Fourier zero-fill interpolation pad the middle frequencies?
how to get an input test signal for convolution/ distortion method
Audio Broadband Noise Detection
Calculation of an autocorrelation function
Frequency estimation of N FFTs of one sine signal in AWGN
EEG signal processing with sampling frequency
FFT of a $N$-length real sequence via FFT of a $N/2$-length complex sequence
What do you call it when you add zeros between the elements of a vector?
Image Scrambling versus Image Encryption
Basis functions in DCT
What's the meaning of a complex zero/pole?
How does image masking work?
How to extract pixel-specific time-stream from mp4 video
Removing Noise from Dental Radiography
Spikes in time series
Accelerometer - coordinate system transformation
Random sampling vs uniform sampling
Reducing standing waves with phase randomization
Two-Sided Frequency Spectrum
Z-transform of difference equations and stability of a process
Filter for noisy accelerometer data
Answering Machine vs. Human -- Neural Network Features Selection
Difference between these frequency response curves
What Is the Difference Between the Terms Color Intensity and Color Saturation?
Clicks at end of chirp signal
Sox, mixing mono inputs into mono output (efficiently)
Reasoning Behind Additional Phase Shift in DPSK
What is the difference between a'mixer' and a ' multiplier' used in modulation process?
Continuous low-pass filter (LPF) on a periodic signal
Determinant of Hessian approximation (SURF)
what are the Pros and Cons of ESPRIT and MUSIC algorythms?
Proving conditions for controllability
Resources on Non-Gaussian Channels
How to Calculate the Hann Low Pass Filter / Kernel for Image Processing
Can a narrowband beamformer be used for speech separation
What is the Reference in Control Theory?
describing a block diagram // How do I describe multiplying a signal through multiple branches formally?
FFT: Linear to Logarithmic (TM4C, CMSIS & NeoPixels/ws2812)
Why is N-point DFT approximated by the sinc function?
Explaining / Communicating spectra: Generating Visualizations
How to shift a signal to the center of the frequency domain?
Segmentation of small artifacts - Image Processing
Real Time Goertzel Algorithm
Code for a wavelet based hilbert transform?
M-Array DPSK decoding and encoding
Where does $\frac{N}{2}$ came from in approximating an N-point DFT?
Sample-By-Sample Linear Prediction
Observability for Kalman Filtering?
How to evaluate quality of signal?
A question about the concept of the time
Analytical way to generate an IIR that is the square root response of another IIR
Filter Design in Matlab
How to validate an estimated model in case of output-only data (in frequency domain)?
Sampling frequency of audio
Designing a root-locus compensator to attain design requirements
Deriving the DFT magnitude of $A\cos(2\pi nk/N)$
Unique signal extraction from a cumulated signal
Generating very short signals
Which is correct representation for function of variable?
Formula for Bessel low-pass filter coefficients
Question on FIR filter
Behaviour of the poles in transfer function $H(s)$, given system properties
How can a signal have two maximum frequency components?
Image averaging for impulse noise
Plotting Power Spectrum (Matlab)
2nd order edge detectors more susceptible to noise?
Reconstruction of voice from distorted recordings
The relationship between downsampling and frequency resolution
Can we determine if a filter is butterworth or chebyshev from its physical topology?
Output a sine wave from samples-limits?
How many DFT bins must I use to get best precision when analyzing melody scale
How do I find amplitude modulation effects in natural signals
When does the convolution of $2$ signals equals zero?
Should the order of a filter be proportional to the sampling rate?
How to set a Carrier Wave for DBPSK Modulators in gnuradio?
How to understand the implementation codes in Debevec and Malik's HDR paper
Problems calculating Z-transform
Replace phases of image FFT
Acoustic Scenarios With Negative SNR
How to set threshold value for Hough Transform
Decoding final bits with viterbi
Object detection in binary image
Flat top sampling to a step shape signal
Analytical expression for salient Blob detection in scale space
Intuitive interpretation of Fourier transform in beamforming
Do I need the sampling frequency in order to gain periods out of FFT?
Calculate Q factor of a Low Shelf and High Shelf filter
Translating Bessel filter from python to C - odd behavior past the cutoff frequency
What do Skewness and Kurtosis represent?
What does it mean for the DFT phase to be relative to a cosine wave?
How are these pole zero plots created
Accurate Image Resizing
Noisy signal filtering MATLAB
Specs for creating sample set?
Complex Conjugate Sinusoids in Forward DFT
I want to know if there is a practical way to find out if multipath propagation is significant for audio in a given environment?
Features of a non-periodic signal for comparison
Bandpass Filter Order vs Sample Numbers of Noisy Signal
DC component in accelerometer data - filter before or after XYZ Euclidean sum
Problem with Generalized Cross Correlation (PHAT filter)
What could be causing these humps every 10 Hz on my PSD estimate data?
Derivation of Transfer Functions for Kalman Filter
Difference Between `fft(signal, nfft)` and `fft(signal)`
How to plot magnitude and phase response by hand if I have the Transfer Function?
What is the maximum allowed transition band of the low-pass filter used in the reconstruction kernel for a CD with maximum speech frequency of 4 kHz?
Envelop detection with low sample rate?
How to calculate transmission capacity?
Response of cascading FIR filters
Determining the autocorrelation sequence from an AR model
Obtaining the FFT of a data set collected through an accelerometer
Histogram Equalization
What is the definition of small/large signal bandwidth?
Basic FIR Filtering with audio buffer in C++
possibility of applying ridgelet transformation on signals
Periodicity of peaks within a signal
Practical diversity combining at receivers (Maximal Ratio Combining & Equal Gain Combining)
MATLAB: get members of histogram populations EXCLUDING those inbetween
Hilbert transform pair proof
How is Linear Canonical Transform a generalization of Fractional Fourier Transform?
Confusion with regards to units in Sinc pulse
Difference b/w Spectral Entropy and Flatness Measure
Bandwidth expansion by computing missing harmonics in music?
edge detection evaluation medical test images MATLAB
Transmit power of non-orthogonal FDM
Geometric explanation of a methodology in the article about Image Denoising
Derivative of equation containing Gaussian filtered image
Subsampling property of wavelet transform
Sampling rate vs sampling time of FFT
Explain how to apply Hanning window to Fourier amplitude spectrum
Hilbert transform from analytic signal
sparse representation for image denoising
Large spike at the center frequency when using Ettus X310
Measuring amplitude of a spectral component
Signal equation using signal waveform and Fourier series?
OFDM demodulation, how to set the sampling rate?
Problem in constellation diagram
generating white gaussian noise in matlab using two different functions
How can this equation hold $$\sum_{m=0}^{N-1} \sum_{n=0}^{N-1} |u(m,n)|^2 = \sum_{k=0}^{N-1}\sum_{l=0}^{N-1} |v(k,l)|^2$$?
Aliasing Square Wave
Filter output quantization - does this limit effective coefficient quantization?
Removal of blocking artifacts in images due to compression
Hilbert FIR Filter for Q - Matching Filter for I
Finding phase of fundamental from autocorrelation
Hilbert transform linearity
Compressing a time-domain signal in the frequency domain Matlab
What's the Difference Between LMS and Gradient Descent Adaptation?
sinus generation and it's fft in radians
Difference in following random proccess
How does carrier frequency offset effect the constellation diagram in OFDM?
How is cross-correlation related with orthogonality?
How to do continuous signal processing (i.e without windowing)?
getting frequency response from input and output signal
How many samples are identical in linear and circular convolution result?
Identifying license plate number of a thief's car from a video
How do I measure frequency of an audio file into an array?
Division of complex signal by frequency response
GPS signal acquisition
Why pixels on image edges are shifted when using Wiener filter?
Power estimation
Definition of energy of a signal
How is the matrix $\mathbf R_x$ not Toeplitz in case of a signal missing one term?
What is a $BT$ (Bandwidth-Time) product with reference to modulation?
Cyclic prefix vs. guard interval. Why use one over the other?
Frequency response given poles and zeros
Output signal length after fft
Determining the fundamental frequency/pitch of a note
How to detect decaying oscillations in a signal
Impulse response of a continuous time system
Closed loop vs. Open loop
Lowpass Butterworth filter design (own poles' calculations)
Estimation of accelerating target using position measurements only
Inverse $\mathcal Z$-transform of rational functions
How to remove a common noise signal from a set of signals?
Kalman for 3D position and 1D orientation
Calculating covariance matrix for MVDR beamforming
Removing low frequency vibrations from measured signal
Computation of Only Even or Odd Frequency Bins of DFT
How to convert a spatial frequency in a 2D-DFT into the units radians per pixel?
Inverse Laplace transform Using Inversion Formula
MP3 equalization
Heterodyne detection
LTI system response to periodic input
Which pattern (circle pattern or checkerboard pattern) should be used for automotive camera calibration (fisheye/wide webcam)?
MATLAB and sampling rate
unexplainable aliases in spectrogram
How do I correctly receive a signal using a signal analyzer?
Bandlimited PWM
Useful natural "Hilbert-like" $n$-uples and $n$-fold "analytic signals
How to calculate an azimuth of a sound source in stereo signal
Entropy of a dynamical system and source code length
Good Reference Problem to Test Filtering/Estimation Algorithms
How do I calculate the range of a fixed-point number with $a$ integer bits and $b $ fractional bits?
Denoising effect in GnuRadio OFDM Serializer block
Wavelet Fidelity Filter (video compression)
pixels in the same image are correlated but how can I visualize it?
Methods for calculating signal quality metric
How to do this root locus by hand?
Generating LDPC codes of arbitrary sizes in MATLAB
OFDM symbol acquisition block in GNU Radio gives rotating constellation even if there is no carrier offset. How is this possible?
How would Fourier and Cosine Transforms responds to summation of cosines with same frequency but different phases?
Implementing Welch's method for Power Spectral Density
Are the RLS filter and Kalman filter gradient methods?
Why real part of FFT converts image into rotation + original?
How should calibration points be distributed?
area under the phase encoding gradient in MRI
Matching LPC frequency response to raw sample data frequency response
circle or arc recognition in noisy image
What is the value of the standard deviation $\sigma$?
Applying a time delay with Z-Transform
FSK Demodulation, Bit Timing Recovery
Can Sparse Fourier transform be used for sparse signal in other domain
Concept question - What is noise?
Why is $\int^\infty _{0^-}\delta(t-nT)e^{-st}dt = e^{-nsT}$?
Analyze stability of a closed-loop system with Bode
Analog butterworth to digital - bilinear transform
SNR and noise in Simulations
Derive DFT of $x[2n]$
Complex Conjugate
Additive Gaussian white noise - bandwidth
looking for simplified version of motion capture for simplified situation where objects are solid and have no joint (no internal degree of freedom)
What are the advantages of barker sequence over marker sequnce?
DFT analysis of a physical signal
Decorrelating Stationary Colored Gaussian Noise -- Effect On The Desired Signal
How does google automatically create 3D cityscapes?
2D Digital Signal Processing - Applying High Pass on and Image
Extract parameters of a single harmonic
Noise detection
Digital Filters deal only with samples, right?
Gradient echo MRI. Do the gradients have to be the same duration?
How does MATLAB's $\tt upfirdn$ select extra points when downsampling?
Sub Band DFT response
Phase wrapping in Bode plot
Implementing blind deconvolution in MATLAB
Detecting objects in real world video feed?
What the difference between the family of Discrete Wavelet Transform？
Wavelet transform in MATLAB
OFDM sensitivity to sampling time offset (with half of time interval between samples)
Difference equation when transfer function expressed as poles and zeros
Loop Filter Coefficients in Timing Recovery loop in Baseband Receiver
What is an Image Prior?
Difference between single layer and dual layer beamforming in LTE
Connecting segmented region in image
Possible to Derive Receive Signal Power from RSSI?
Transfer functions from wavelet transform
How to remove noise from this image without causing the crack to 'shrink'?
Goodness of fit for complex valued curves (i.e. frequency responses in frequency domain)
Active noise cancellation using kalman filter
STM32 Discovery dev platforms
Power/Amplitude Response of a system
what is the reason for the Change in DFT analysis after downsampling
Conditions for expressing a system as difference equation
Filtering/Analyzing Complex Data stream
Slice selection in MRI
amplitude at exact frequency in wide band signal
Generating QPSK Constellation Diagram
DWT architecture using filter bank
Figuring out how an RF pulse affects the MRI spins
O-QPSK constellation interpretation - GNU Radio
What criteria should be used for smoothing
Upsampling and zero order hold
Determining the Nyquist rate of signals added and multiplied together
Difference between texture and illumination in image
Listen to multi-dimensional data using FDM
How to find a maximal possible value of a cross correlation
Fourier transform of $ne^{-an}u[n]$
Detecting sloppy hand-drawn arrows in images
Difference between Fourier Transform and DFT? - Example
Adaptive Piecewise Constant Approximation (APCA) with wavelets/DWT
Character Segmentation from the Image
Any estimation algorithms that allow a user to indicate that certain Solutions are impossible?
Synchronization of two audio tracks via Mel-frequency cepstral coefficients (MFCCs)
Positive and negative frequencies: how to prove they are independent?
Help in sketching a CT signal with discontinuities
Minimum bit-width for fixed point FFT outputs
sketching frequency domain representation
phase evolution of MRI signal during RF excitation
Are there theories to manage states of signal volatility around a limit
Very simple question about signal periodicity
Proving DFT equation
Fractional spaced equalizer + timing (clock) recovery
Current harmonics via FFT -- do peaks matter?
How to calculate Long Term Average Spectrum of an audio file?
Count the vehicles flow that pass over one bridge
Why are Fourier analysis and transform only applicable for LTI systems?
Gaussian Pyramid - How is Subsampling Rate Related to Sigma?
Graph of $[u(\tau)-u(\tau-4)]\cdot[u(t-\tau)-u(t-\tau-4)]$
Simple discrete time transformation $x[(n-1)^2]$
Linearizing digital-analog converters
Estimate/Compute parameters of image dataset
Transfer function of second order notch filter
Calculating amplitudes of FM Sidebands
Do I need an I-Q (in-phase/quadrature) mapper in Simulink with the QAM modulator?
Stability of the summation function
How do I calculate the frequency of the highest amplitude wave?
Golay complementary sequences in 802.11ad
Does "keying on" a sine wave at a zero-crossing reduce its bandwidth?
When should we use the full Gabor Function and when do we use only the real part?
Fourier transform of $\cos(n\omega t)$
steady-state response
How to properly time-shift a function in relation to another function
When do we have a minimum phase couple
How many taps does an FIR filter need?
Global vector descriptor
Relating phase shift to the ROL/ROR operations
FFT over a fixed and equal numbers
How to calculate to structure tensor?
How do I interpret the result of a Fourier Transform?
What is the Center Frequency of Gabor Filter?
FFT in different coordinate systems
How does BER performance depend on gray or natural binary?
How to find PSD (Power spectral density) of spatial data
Difference between a digital lock-in amplifier and a FFT when extracting phase of a signal?
Why are some JPEG files of the same scene much larger than others?
Conversion into the Q31 Format
Time recovery - GNU Radio
Why noise canceling headphones do not attenuate the signal itself?
Poster detection in OpenCV?
Different results for different orders of estimating AR model using Yule-Walker equations
Method of reconstructing a band-limited signal from discrete samples
Where and how do an Image and a complex number meet?
How to derive the transmitted signal from a constellation diagram
Difference between $\tt rand()$ and $\tt randn()$ in MATLAB
Artifacts in sub-sample delay
Seeking compressive sensing imaging demo in MATLAB
Spectral plot shows more notes than there really should be
Basic tools for digital filter design?
Periodicity of transfer function of FIR filter proof (Parks and Burrus, Digital Filter Design)
Measuring the open loop transfer function in closed loop: what's the better approach?
Amplitude transfer function
Upsampling with FIR filter causing discontinuity at start of new buffer
Why do digital filters work?
Loop bandwidth for symbol timing recovery
Generate 3D image from Multiple 2D Images
Cascading FM synthesis operations
The description of the MRI signal from the magnetization vector
Classifying Discrete time filter
Matlab: Separate data samples from signal
Frequency resolution of DFT
Point cloud comparison
Hardware advice for machine vision project
$\mathcal Z$-transform ROC
Symbol timing recovery design
Why do the OFDM training (and payload) symbols have silent sub-carriers (aka virtual carriers)?
Non-symmetrical lemniscate curve parameterization
What is Local Mean Filter?
Reliability of normalized cross-correlation with high lags
Code rate in IEEE 802.11b (DSSS)
Do convolution encoders exist with two separate (independent) inputs?
How many types of Bandpass filters are there for image processing?
Best way to implement variable phase shift on FPGA?
Phase invariant detection of low frequency spikes
Detecting automobile honking
Difference between demodulation and band-stop Filter
How to prove that the peak of the autocorrelation function is at zero lag?
why does the decision boundary change in BPSK? is it true?
Recovering a signal that was upsampled by non-integer factor
Is there a method to calculate the maximum gain of a biquad?
How to use Mikolajczyk evaluation for detectors/descriptors?
FFT spectrogram in log frequency space. How?
How to remove wind noise from video file
Why is $\pi$ in the domain of filters?
What is first order difference?
Effective field in MRI when solving for Bloch equations
Is there a name for this smoothing formula?
How to discover an image clone
Repeated Fourier transform - what happens?
Remove background noise from recording
How to filter a signal knowing the frequency response of a system in MATLAB?
The mathematical interpretation of DFT
Demodulating upper sideband (USB) signals
Calculate sum of absolute difference per pixel
Time domain and frequency domain analysis equivalence
Why do we do oversampling in raised cosine?
What are the advantages of LTI ( Linear Time Invariant ) systems over other systems?
How to Map CWT to Synchrosqueezed wavelet transform?
What is the coherence bandwidth of the channel?
How to find the time instant where my sent signal and received signal can synchronize?
Compensating Loudspeaker frequency response in an audio signal
Extracting filter coefficients from raised-cosine frequency response
Multipath fading in wireless channel - parameter needed
Difference equation with complex zero
Properties of a Kalman filter of a non controllable system
Blind source separation on images - with a known source
PSD of sine wave
How to separate two signals which have same frequency and phase but generated from different positions?
How is quadrature mixing done?
Why can adding delay improve the phase fit in fitting complex transfer functions?
Low PAPR performance for Monochromatic frequency signals
reconstruction of MRI signal
Frequency shifting of a quadrature mixed signal
Causal and Non-causal filtering. Strange behavior
Efficient computation of Chirp Z Transform
Does a PID need to be "online" to be tested? Can the output signal be viewed without it being used?
Can I use fpcalc to prove two audio files produce the same sound?
Are there accepted ranges of "high", "medium" and "low" visual spatial frequency?
If noise is your signal, what is your noise?
The little problem with Kalman filter
Spectrum of OFDM with raised cosine window(overlap and add)
What are the advantages and disadvantages of Laplace transform over Z transform?
Baseline Correction: What is the concept of a baseline shift and baseline correction?
Standard deviation of filtered noise
RMS value of a signal with a DC offset in MATLAB
General question on signal processing guidelines for emergency shutdown applications (i.e. medical devices)
$9\rm V$ Battery with $45^\circ$ phase
Solving for frequency deviation, $\Delta f $ (FM modulation)
Sampling rate versus number of sample of I and Q
Can we detect multiple point target within a narrow-band transmit signal?
Adjust rectangle
P2 symbol constellation in DVB-T2
Can use of Fourier transform be minimized completely with the help of Laplace and Z transform?
What can I do to improve quality of sound recording?
Butterworth band pass filter
How to find a know signal in another signal which contains other signals along with the signal i need in python
DWT initialization from nonuniform samples
detect what is noise in audio signal
Feature matching of images without corners
Least Mean Squares (LMS) Filter Weight Update
midpoint smoothing spline
SNR After Multiplying Two Noisy Signals
Is there a way to detect ambiguous edges?
What is an 'Oriented' Band-pass Filter?
How can I construct a Band-pass filter from a low and a high-pass filter?
Synthetic sounds to describe motion in 3d or 100d
Multiple biquads vs higher order filtering
A digital feedback network question
Sine Wave Aliasing during IFFT
Integer and a half periods of sine wave in DFT window
Weighting function for output error IIR filter design
Implementing Convolution in Frequency Domain?
Signals cross-correlation
Smoothed image produces contour-like ripples, yet it disappears in saved image?
Gaussian FIR filter with no multipliers?
The relation between throughput, SNR and bits per channel use
Sampling signal after root raised cosine
detect and distinguish driving maneuvers via smartphone sensors
System identification/ Filter estimation to mimic frequency equalizer of audio with Scipy
FSK analysis: only ever find one frequency
Image processing - Is mean filter shift-invariant?
How to correct the phase offset for QPSK I-Q data
What are the advantages of higher order Kalman Filters like EKF, UKF?
PSD looks to clean/continuous
What is the difference between convolution filter, low-pass filter, and median filter?
Annotate a dataset of images
Visible light communication and LED modulation
Location of Matched Filter
How to modify an LTI differential equation to be acausal or anti-causal?
Smoothing complex data by convolution
Save ROI and background in two images
Gardner Timing Recovery for Repeated Symbols
Finding the maximum and minimum frequency of a 2D image
One-bit depth audio
How is a PCM byte converted to a voltage level?
The meaning of the sign in a phase difference
Problem in understanding DDFS (Direct Digital Frequency Synthesizer.)
Given a continuous time signal, does the minimum Nyquist sampling rate depend on the choice of the set of basis functions?
Fast Integer 8 Hz 2nd Order LP for Microcontroller
How do we detect presence of background noise in audio?
Can you turn a square wave into a sine wave using a low pass filter?
Measuring similarity between two images
The difference of downsampling an image and smoothing an image?
Is my transform the essence of DFT?
References on the MP3 encoding algorithm
What transformation (or similarity metric) is rotation, shift, and scale invariant?
Inter-filter bit width
Simulation of a Frequency ramp
How is the energy of $x_1\cdot x_2$ related to the energies of $x_1$ and $x_2$?
Filtering and Differentiating phase-modulated signals
Testing filter code w/ Octave
Multiplication in the wavelet domain, what does it look like in real space?
AutoCorrelation Matrix vs Covariance Matrix for the MUSIC Algorithm
How to build a phase shifter with arbitrary phase shift
Splitting a magnitude across multiple bins in an IFFT
Very simple question regarding $X(f)$ vs. $X(j\omega)$
Why are QAM Constellations regular and rectangular?
Adaptive filter with two inputs
What is difference between terms $X(j \omega) ,X(\ e^{j \omega })$ and $ X(\omega)$?
What factors go into choosing DCT type 1 over type 2 or type 3 etc?
Detecting frequency when frequency is not sufficiently greater than baud rate
Calculation of actual analog input from bipolar ADC's output
How to create a control loop using a 100Msps digital signal as input
Maximum phase with the same magnitude response
Transposed FIR filter structure to compensate for extra delays on addition
What's the meaning of the continuity in spectrum analysis?
Effect on T1 relaxation due to the application of the gradient
How do I choose the parameters of a Kalman filter?
Why LTI system cannot generate any new frequencies?
Confusion about adjoint of convolution
Why are the systems equivalent?
Decomposition of $H(z)$ as maximum-phase, minimum-phase
Convolution - Massive spike in noise section
MRI reconstruction using windowing based apodization
Remove noise from linear signal
How can I learn image processing in a practical way?
Instability Problem in Normalized Least Mean Squares (NLMS) Adaptive Algorithm
What can we understand when we increase the $N$-point DFT for a given signal?
What is the time it takes to measure the SINR in LTE?
Is there a strategy for discrete control of a system with dynamics near sample rate?
Butterworth filtering behaving unexpectedly -MATLAB
MATLAB $\tt butter$ function
LTI system input upsampling
How to deconvolve matrix when a model of noise exists?
Proof of transfer function factorization $\frac{b_0}{a_0} \frac{\prod_{k=1}^M (1-c_kz^{-1})}{\prod_{k=1}^N(1-d_kz^{-1})}$
Is calculus background a must for learn DSP?
The frequency response function (FRF) fails to detect the antiresonance of a system
Undoing a filter operation in MATLAB
Difference between PSD estimate and variance of DFT
DFT and periodicity
Target detection for UAV landing
Whittaker-Shannon ($\mathrm{sinc}$) interpolation for a finite number of samples
Finding a good inverse for an ill-conditioned matrix transformation
Flattening out a power spectral density
Bandpass general equation to difference equation
Auto Correlation for Time Frequency Analysis
How to construct a preemptive digital filter to neutralize an unwanted filter
DTFT and Inverse DTFT Homework Problem
Trouble Implementing Huggins Binaural Pitch
Why is a linear phase important?
Bode plot of discrete-time transfer function $H(z)$
Finding the deterministic autocorrelation function (ACF) from its power spectrum
Minimum Output Samples needed to crack a "Gold Code" Generator (Dual LFSR)
frequency characterritic of activ high pass filter
Why is the term deconvolution used more for signals and not so much (or at all) for systems?
involutory transformations - why are they not so much used in signal processing?
MATLAB center frequency shift
Why can FFT only operate on images with specific properties?
Independent component analysis for one observation of a Signal
Autocorrelation of a $L$-point moving average system
Gradient of Total Variation (TV) Norm in Total Variation Denoising
Insertion loss equality - proof
Comparing the control performance of a given closed loop system
Derivation of Bessel filters
Physical Interpretation of $\mathbf A$ beamforming Matrix
Elegant way of calculating minimal sampling frequency without aliasing for annoying signals
Fourier transform of moving image sensor
What is the link between equation of a continuous signal versus equation of its sampled form?
PSD of a sum of two stationary real signals
Designing bandpass FIR filter MATLAB
Calculating Phase Response for 2 microphones given the input
Digital RF signal vector resize algorithm
Mathematical justification for zero padding?
Question about MRI signal construction
Converting poles/zeros to differential/difference equation solutions
How do optical anti-aliasing filters work from a frequency domain perspective?
Anti tremor motion detection
Looking for a way to monitor raw microphone digital output?
Measuring sharpness/contrast for autofocus
Alignment of signals for ensemble averaging? Something else?
Advantages of 2-VSB vs BPSK?
How to establish transfer function of a speaker?
If you had supersonic hearing, would you be able to hear the carrier wave of an AM radio station?
Determining the covariance of point clouds in real-time
Bandwidth of lowpass filter?
Books and references virtual microphone
$\mathcal Z$-transform if the output is given
Philosophy of perfect inter-sample interpolation
Optimize online weighted kurtosis algorithm
Help with a product of a sum of infinite series
Fast greyscale image segmentation on 16x16 image
How/why are the $\mathcal Z$-transform and unit delays related?
Low-pass elliptic filter design: equation for calculating required minimum order
Aliasing after downsampling
Computing sine phase and amplitude
Slow Down Music Playing While Maintaining Frequency
Energy of $\text{sinc}^2(kt)$ function multiplied by variable
$\mathcal Z$-transform, ROC of a system from dividing to others
Upsampling DFT at frequency domain
How do I test stability of a MIMO system?
Define comb function in terms of exponential function
Bloch equations in MRI rotating field
Why does QAM use two cycles instead of one per byte?
Is it LTI system? given $H(z)$ is LTI
Is convolution the only way to apply filters?
How Are Images Considered Non Stationary Signal When They Are Invariant to Time?
Does it make sense to recompute Parks-Mccellan on a per sample basis?
"Desired signal" in LMS adaptive filters?
How to get Harris corners that are present in watershed segmented Bitwise image(road part)?
Where does the delta function come from if we derive autocorrelation directly?
Output of lowpass filter with damped sine wave input
How do you simultaneously undersample and oversample?
Inverse $\mathcal Z$-transform problem
Relation between frequency spectrum and PDF of a random variable
Difference between frequency sampling and windowing method
ssbmod single sideband modulation artifacts
How to prove main-lobe side-lobe ratio in hann window is $-32\textrm{ dB}$?
Is the filter described by specific difference equation time independent
Why discrete cosine transform may not maintain locality
Phase correlation vs. normalized cross-correlation
Learning about inverse-z-transform and how to apply it to a rational transfer function
How to perform an FFT on a signal with a sampling rate of 44100?
Parametric EQ vs multiple bandpass filters
Wavelet transform 3D plot for CoP
Sampling theory and frequency spacing
Time Domain Example of Nyquist/Shannon?
correcting wobbling motion in sinogram
Mathematically speaking, is a "signal" a function or the set of outputs from a function
Nyquist with only poles at the origin
Variation of channel attenuation with frequency
How can I transform this FFT into real FFT ($\tt rfft$)?
GCC-PHAT (Generalized cross correlation MATLAB)
Practical advices for applying phase correlation in image registration task
Changing voice characteristics so it sounds like someone else voice
Generalized linear-phase filter
When to use raw signal strength, vs. when to filter first
Can you get flat response with Linkwitz-Riley cross-over?
Periodically-varying phase between transmitted sound and received sound
MATLAB: $\tt fft$ and $\tt ifft$ scaling
Transform linear-phase FIR to minimum-phase FIR
Relationship between information retrieval and source separation in signal processing
What is the best algorithm to detect leading edge?
Non-causal FIR. Is that possible?
Why is $\sin(t)$ a stationary process?
What does ℜ symbol mean?
Butterworth lowpass filter
Why does signaling overhead for time synchronization scale up with the number of transmitter nodes in a multiple access system?
Detecting special points in signal
Intuition for sidelobes in FFT
Simplistic explanation on PCA eigenface face recognition,
Making a low pass filter for irregular samples
Moving Average of sinusoid
Filtering reject two bands (multiband bandstop FIR filter)
Maximum likelihood estimator for multiplicative Gaussian noise
Should I filter before calculating power, if I'm looking for relative changes in power?
Fast/efficient way to turn real passband samples to complex baseband
RTL-SDR units, $\textrm{dBm}$
Zero-padding the middle of a signal
Sampling the impulse response
Efficient way to get power levels from an SDR (RTL-SDR specifically)
Is there any computational method to prove whether a series is stationary or not?
Raw signal to short for DWT
Biquad coefficients using Magnitude (or Phase) Invariance Mapping Method
Is a real Grayscale image always 8 bit per pixel indexed?
Help in problem formulation for estimation of image as a feature vector - SISO or MIMO FIR channel model?
Direction of arrival and distance to source
FFT to spectrum in decibel
Bloch equation: adding gradients
Cross-correlation and auto-correlation of an image using $\tt fft$
How to find frequency and phase shift in the recorded wave( .wav file )
Why does it make sense to have noise of a different shape than the state vector?
What's this discrete latch operation called?
Obtaining the size of objects from an image
Calculating phase response of filter with latency
Image Segmentation based on coordinates from reference points
spectral subtraction for stationary noise
Do filters work on a "per sample basis"?
Audio Denoising - Method which Extends the Naive Noise Reduction
Detection of low frequency signal
How to decompose a mixed signal into its original signals?
Signal processing on the graphs: generalized euclidian distance
Upsampling and comb function
How does summation over time samples influences DFT?
Converting transfer function that is a sum of unusual rational polynomials to finite difference equation
Coming up with a squelch value
Summation of audio tone
What's the advantage of adaptive IIR filter against FIR?
Why does an image get blurry beyond a limit of zooming?
Phase synchronization in BPSK
What should be the dimensions of a Fourier Transformed image?
Frequency analysis of a signal with not constant sampling frequency
Identifying steps in walking accelerometer
Squaring signal for amplitude demodulation
Zeropadding and amplitude scaling
How to design a digital filter with a frequency dependent phase delay?
Why do I have frequency leakage in DFT after zero padding if frequency resolution is fine?
Signal enhancing algorithm (deconvolution??)
Approximating $ {L}_{0} $ Norm Minimization with Non Linear Convex Inequality Constraints using Reweighted $ {L}_{1} $ Minimization
Formula for 2D Image Filter for Scratch Detection
How to estimate THD?
Audio - TDOA and $\tt xcorr$, find the 'best' peak
Finding the fundamental frequency from Autocorrelated data
Errors when converting from digital filter object to transfer function
How does scipy.signal.deconvolve work?
What should be the correct scaling for PSD calculation using $\tt fft$
When is a network called end-to-end training?
What should be done if the mask-values are too small?
Prewarping both resonant frequency $f_0$ and bandwidth (or $Q$) when using bilinear transform
$\mathcal{Z}$-transform of $\frac{1}{n^2}$
Generating blue/violet noise without FFT
Are radar resolution and detection capabilities not very tightly related?
Pixel color labeling tool
image analysis: Drawing lines on curvlinear structures and dots on the tips of branches
SNR problem with different sampling rates using innerproduct
Designing Butterworth filter
Should the phase coefficients of the DFT of a real, even input signal all be zero?
Estimation of occupied frequency bins (location of non-zero fourier coefficients)
Kalman Filter with single input?
Sound glitches using fft segmented convolution
Dynamic range compression - Need pseudo algorithm for normalizing a signal
algorithm for segmenting cheese microstructure
Why do we use discrete-time sampling?
Designing observer with non-observable system
How can we know the geometry of a blob detected by OpenCV
Signal rescaling
Signal sparsity: with noise or without noise?
How to get rid of ripples from a gradient image of a smoothed image?
how to detect and capture scene change in a recorded video
How to acquire physical noise samples
Remove unwanted object of image in MATLAB?
Detecting which digital number an image represents
lower-rate LDPC codes
Anti-Aliasing when oversampled
Measure similarity between quantized grayscale images
Calculating the perimeter in binary image
Smoothing a power spectrum
Considerations when determining squelch
Why is the frequency response different based on the amplitude of the impulse I feed into the filter?
Modulation of voice
Simulating spatial perception - with cosine wave based sound - in MATLAB
What does the frequency axis of a Power Spectral Density mean?
How does constant frequency response relate to equiripple?
Could there be any reason to prefer convolution-based calculation of autocorrelation?
Samples of period to frequency, sampling theorem
Event detection in a running person's acceleration data
Accuracy of sampling rate
Intuitive understanding of scale-space extrema detection
Power spectrum of a pure sine problems
Problem executing Hilbert transform on $x$-$y$ plot in MATLAB
How to Avoid Perspective Distortion Buildup in a Planar Mosaic
Using all-pole filter to model the Room Impulse Response
How to show Image FFT with origin as DC?
Adding Bass to a signal
Frequency components much less prominent at the receiver for multiple tones
Why Fourier transform is not sufficient and we have to use Laplace transform?
Is it possible to apply inverse Fourier transform (I-FFT) to the following image?
Can we see the Fourier transform as a filtering operation?
Order of applying two Butterworth filters (distributivity)
MFCC extraction last step DCT or IDCT
Understanding what channel gain is and why it is important side information
Rate offset and jitter concealment for streaming audio
Image processing for extremely small feature detection
Choosing the right decimation number
Calculating spatial width from power spectrum HWHM
A few questions about the output value of dsp.SpectrumAnalyzer
Faster way of getting 2D frequency amplitudes than DFT?
Shock filtering using structure tensor
Is it possible to Denormalize a matrix of complex numbers?
What would be the outcome of the convolution of two images?
Beginner level : Help in understanding from paper how the log-likelihood term has been obtained
Trying to decompose a signal into sine waves whose wavelengths aren't restricted to 1/N times sample range?
Finding an Image's Orientation With DFT Frequency Amplitudes
Preserve scale during PCA
How to express FM and PM the most simple way?
Periodic signal filtering
Good book for MATLAB image processing functions explanation
Understanding I and Q modulation
Getting audio samples from power spectrum
Difference between sticky channel Poisson-repeat channel
Time-shift confusion
Is there a spectrum sensing library?
An effective algorithm for convolution of very many long signals
Can I use standard computer vision techniques for images taken in the NIR spectral range?
Convolution problem
PSD using MATLAB's $\tt pwelch$ algorithm window length and measure units
Convolution and DFT size
Canonical Rectangular Modulation
How can I decompose a signal into square waves?
The frequency spectrum of a static non-linearity driven by colored noise
What are the steps for applying a 50% Overlap to an FFT?
Does a matched filter give a gain in SNR?
"Fourier Transform can localize signals in frequency domain, but not in time domain." -- What does it mean in layman's terms?
Adding AWGN noise with certain power
Weird results when using MATLAB's $\tt butter$ function?
Zero-padding a spectrum, how to split the middle bin?
Phase shift between two signals
Perturbation test for a real plant
Signal decomposition: getting phase with known amplitude and frequency of main components
What subclass of nonlinear systems can be represented by Volterra series?
How do you convert angular frequency to $\textrm{Hz}$ from MATLAB's $\tt freqz$ function?
Stereo Widening
Training and testing set for speech recognition
Channel weighting of Mono channel in EBU R128
Difference between convolving before/after discretizing LTI systems
What are the largest FIR filter lengths used in practice?
Why calculate negative frequencies of DFT?
Making Unscented Kalman Filter Robust for Nonlinear Parameter Estimation Problems
Does it make sense to have complex numbers representing real-world audio signals?
Binarization of image for varying background and foreground colors for OCR
audio quality evaluation
What's wrong with my minBLEP Hard Sync Sawtooth code?
Sparse Signal fitting in MATLAB, for a sinusoidal function with more than 8 terms?
Right Inverse DFT notation
What is the advantage of measuring IQ data non-digitally?
Simplified equations for FM (frequency modulation) synthesis and PM (phase modulation)?
For a discrete LTI system, does "bounded memory" imply "rational transfer function?"
Why do we need a Homomorphic Filter?
Calculation of SNR
Wiener filter with no WSS process
Is there any audio DSP without biquad constraint?
Is there any relation between mono/stereo recording and the peak frequency of sound detected?
With regards to multirate processing, what are the benefits of having a 'slower' sampled signal?
Why is there little emphasis on phase distortion?
Why the Hilbert transform is not correct using the hilbert function in MATLAB?
Normalized autocorrelation of a sum of two signals
Least Squares with Non Zero Mean Noise
Downsampling and filtering (convolution)
What is the computational complexity of Spectrum Estimation Algorthms and What they depend upon?
What is the real meaning of "frequency" for a non periodic signal?
Analog to digital conversion using Python
SNR estimation: signal with unknown amplitude and Gaussian noise
Receiving frequency modulated signal
How Does the Non Local Means Filter Work?
how to create a DFT with scalloping/spectal leakage
Is it appropriate to use Sobel operators to find the derivatives of an image?
How to sync audio and video signals in MATLAB?
FFT of BPSK signal interpretation
Butterworth filter approximation: derivation and output poles
Convolving a discrete time sequence with a continuous-time filter?
Modelling room impulse by raytracing method
Convolution to do FIR with initial and final conditions!
DSP processor: some beginner's questions
Perfect reconstruction: what properties must the analysis LPF satisfy
Filter difference equation and impulse response
Detecting expected patterns in repeated measurements
Why is my laser beam intensity profile not Gaussian?
Upsampling/Interpolation and Downsampling/Decimation
MUSIC algorithm derivation
Convolution in the spatial domain vs frequency domain
What is Causing a Cyclic 1kHz Noise Signal in Audio Recording?
Enhancing very thin lines in images
Properties of root raised cosine filter
Confusion with data after cross correlation
Autocorrelation matrix derivation
Chebyshev poles into transfer function
Chebyshev pole calculation
Comparison between watershed and grabcut
How to generate a signal which frequency are obtained?
Whether convolution followed by down sampling equals wavelet decomposition
How can I perform timing recovery from the envelope of PSK signals?
How to reconstruct RF signal using IQ data
Windowing before viewing a filter frequency response?
Why correlation property of $\mathcal Z$-transform contains a time reversal operation
Magnitude spectrum for discrete-time signals
Assess quality of a bandpass filter without human intervention
Root mean square bandwidth of a signal with flat spectrum
How should I isolate a single QPSK signal from a noisy band?
Amplitude calculation of the original signal from its FFT
Trying to identify the best method for IIR realizations
Does the Wiener–Khinchin-Einstein theorem hold for non-Gaussian processes? If so are there any assumptions?
Quadrature modulation for FM and AM
Relationship between sampling frequency and number of coefficients
How to match a piece of very short audio based on key and pitch to find a piece in a large database that is most similar to it?
Inverse fourier transform of Hermitian function, getting an imaginary part
Relationship between $E_b/N_0$ and $\rm SNR$ with channel coding
Recovering signal from magnitude and phase of FFT
Confused about 1D log Gabor
Accuracy of dense optical flow
Transform minimum phase FIR into linear phase FIR
Power spectrual density of white Gaussian noise
Negative result from filtering a positive signal with a band-pass filter
What are physical scenarious which can be modeled as multiplicative noise?
Calculating the fundamental frequency using Autocorrelation often gives half the expected value
Average gradient of pixels and sum of absolute diference
Interpretation of minimum discernible signal (MDS) in sonar equation
Difference between diversity combining and multiplexing
Confused about DFT symmetric behavior for real-valued signals?
Removing a darkened caption with text on it in an image
What is usual independence assumptions on adaptive filters
Shift property of the Short-term Fourier transform (STFT)
Scipy.signal.dimpulse(system): how to translate a StateSpace to a "system"?
Elementary proof of Fourier domain formula of multidimensional downsampling by $M$
How to make sense of audio file's $\textrm{dBFS}$?
Narrowband DOA Beamforming techniques on Wideband signal
How the Fourier transform of a cosine signal is existed?
Taking care of 'splash' onto adjacent frequencies
Time-differentiation property of Fourier transform for $\sin(\omega_0t)$ and $\cos(\omega_0t)$
Deriving the transfer functions of a heating system
Modified Tukey window applied in frequency domain
Radar: FMCW or CW
Can we use SVD to solve single channel deconvolution problem?
Is there a special reason why the principal range is defined as $-0.5\le F \le 0.5$?
Does lowpass filtering and decimating improve SNR?
What is the time-integration property in the Fourier series analysis?
How do I smooth-over transition from a time-series generated by one system to a time-series generated by another system?
How to determine initial values in Kalman Filter
Can I square signal in the frequency domain to reduce noise?
How we can obtain the time-integration of a sine signal?
Finding $E_b/N_0$ when coding rate is $R_c$
Smoothing a staircase
Control theory: how do you initialize input for a model predictive controller?
Power spectral density of sinusoidal signal in noise
Discrete Fourier Series - Time Index
Single channel speech enhancement
Why is this matrix invertible in the Kalman gain?
discrete-time (slew) rate limiting algorithm
Frequency shift keying antennas
Extrinsic Camera Parameters without introducing control points?
Line Detection with OpenCV
Adding AWGN noise with a correct noise power to the signal
Nyquist rate determination and oversampling
The difference between MSK as CPFSK and OQPSK
How to measure the frequency response of an acoustic filter by input and output signals
How does this "simple filter" work?
Construct Postfilter for overall Minimum or Linear Phase Filter
Envelope detector for non-zero mean signal (Matlab)
Are there any cases where the negative frequencies of an FFT are used?
Kalman filtering of signals
Correlated Noise
Interpolation filter gain
Energy per bit ($E_b$) in BPSK with non-unity channel gain
Why Is the Result of the Convolution of a Row and a Column a Two Dimensional Matrix?
What is the need for prediction filter in PCM and DPCM?
Motion detection one threshold over dataset
Kalman filter after lowpass filter: bad idea?
Difference of Gaussian filter but using Gaussian CDFs not PDFs
Summed-area table vs Integral image?
Best way of segmenting veins from arm?
Why are zero values added in the FFT of a concatenated noise signal?
Splines and Gaussians
Filter and crop an image
Filter design, relationship between energy and stop-band ripple
Matlab : How to implement the likelihood expression
What are the classification methods available for face recognition watchlist screening?
FIR filter design for complex signal
Why does the general formula for DFT of real sinusoids not apply here?
Does filter length correspond to "spread" of frequency points?
Nonlinear time-invariant frequency doubler
Textbook question regarding LTI System
What is the difference between the PSD and the Power Spectrum?
Determine type of filtering applied between two images
Energy and power of the product of an exponential and sinusoidal signal
Why must I take abs of filter frequency response?
Is there a way to double all frequencies?
HMM and non categorical values of emmision (MATLAB)
Why are all real frequencies located on the Imaginary axis of the s-plane. I'd like to understand intuitively why this is true?
Converting from radians/samples to normalized frequency range $[0.0, 1.0]$?
Sample Rate: How to determine sample rate
$\rm Q$ number format singed or unsigned?
Can white Gaussian noise improve signal level in non-linear device?
Total bandwidth in a network calculation
Beam resolution improvement of linear array using MVDR beamformer
Help in interpreting the auto correlation graph
Detection markers in images
ICY feature detector and edge detector in opencv
How to convert magnetometer readings into orientation?
Frequency shifting property
Easy way to get rid of noise in a hand drawing
Does oversampling improve processing gain?
FSK and IQ modulation
Plot of a DTFT is not periodic
How to do addition of sound pressure RMS in a DFT
How to calculate x and y of any object inside an image when stretched?
Generate impulse from random frequency response
MFSK vs FSK: Why BER decreases increasing the symbols
Continuous and discrete-time raised cosine filter properties in frequency domain
Fountain codes and LDPC codes
Filter - Spatial Domain Versus Frequency Domain
Does the inverse Fourier transform only produce stationary time signals?
Architecture for high sample-rate FIR/IIR filter on FPGA or ASIC?
How to estimate the autocorrelation from nonuniformly spaced data
Finding the stability of the system
Find the difference equation and draw the simulation diagram
Where to get transtion matrix for Kalman filter?
Kalman filter without model versus RLS
Fourier series expansion of $\exp[-j2kA\sin(\omega t)]$
calculating DC value from positive frequency with its DC undefined
Difference between transfer function and frequency response?
Origin of artifacts 12 Hz away from electrical line noise (50 Hz)?
Apply timeshift to undersampled signal after bandpass after sampling?
Testing for changes in auto-covariance
Hi, If I really want to focus on the mathematics of signal procesing, Should I do a Masters in EE or Math?
Tie breaking in Otsu method
How to mix two audio files recorded with different settings to obtain a realistic result
Effect of DC component on the whole signal - comparison between normalised and non normalised
Subpixel - what is it?
Question regarding estimation of signal tone parameters (frequency, amplitude, and phase) using Macleods algorithm
Efficient computation of dot product of convolutions
Application of notch filter in radio receivers
Every second sample noisy
Random Noise Removal In Images
Higher-order (Butterworth) filters
Interpolate DFT coefficient of a frequency that is not in the DFT bin
How to determine if the system is invertible
Quantization error in sampling
Smoothing for damped wave signal (fixed variance noise, but changing SNR)
Regarding the choice of cost function in adaptive control - squared error vs absolute error
Receiving multiple signals at the same frequency at the same time
Fourier Transform of Impulse Train
Amplitude Modulation with large carrier and suppressed carrier
Discreteness and periodicity in Fourier transform
How to calculate MFCCs over a narrow frequency range?
2D Fourier Transform of Rotated Discrete Domain Signal
What is the theoretical probability of error for OOK transmission?
How does SC-FDE modifies $E_b$ (in AWGN function)
Beginner's book in signal processing with practical examples on fault detection in electrical motors
Beginner LTI system Fourier transform question
Minimum FFT sample time - guitar frequencies and harmonics
Mechanics of a matrix Interleaver
Bessel's integral matlab implementation
Lock-in amplifier
Poles of an analog Gaussian filter
What is the relation between noise (AWGN) variance and number of antennas?
What is a good algorithm, and framework, to calculate centres of gravity or mass (cog)?
Librosa stft + istft - Understanding my output (which always seems too perfect) at varying window lengths
Equation that describes a gravity drained tank system
Convolving complex exponential with box function (discrete)
What does the 'B' parameter represent in Wikipedia's page on window functions?
Slow and fast filter
Image cleaning - removing all regular shapes ( circles, squares, text, icons etc. )
Is spectral leakage due to windowing 'different' for the DTFT and DFT?
Steering Vector for Generic STAP
How would I go about detecting and following edges in time lapse data?
FIR to linear-phase FIR
How can I sample a signal at 4 samples per cycle?
Extract the count of particular macro block types(I, P and S) from the frames in the video
Equalize Speaker using Frequency Response Curve
Zigbee spectrum calculation
Series connection of digital PT1 filters
Is it correct to subtract two signals acquired over different times and trials to remove the common signal in them?
Difficulties acquiring sample period of a signal
Different results applying DFT (formula only) and FFT on Matlab?
What does PSD represent in the spatial domain?
Find the maximum frequency in the signal section?
Removal of gradually-increasing dc component (offline, zero-phase)
What is difference between the terms bit rate,baud rate and data rate?
Opencv Android Perspective Transformation not working as expected
Zero padded-OFDM signal?
How do multirate systems introduce 'efficiency' in computation?
Why is this DFT of a real symmetric signal resulting in complex valued coefficients?
Image Processing and applicability of 2D Fourier Transform
Group delay (MATLAB $\tt grpdelay$)
FIR Filters and moving average filter
Why does FFT not have an effect on my smoothed signal?
Spectral Leakage: Number of Samples
Designing butterworth filter with pole placement
Is an FIR filters 'transition width' frequency dependent?
When is phase needed in DFT?
Expression for discrete fourier transform of linear ramp
Freeform band-limited waveforms
Difference between recursive and system with memory
What Is the Significance of a Large Residual When Applying Principal Component Analysis?
Designing a Notch filter for Digital Audio to be able to work with all audio sampling frequencies
Relation between curve fitting and filtering
C++ based FIR filter design using GNU Octave remez function
How to preprocess such signals?
Discrete entropies
How to apply neural network parallelly on each part of image
Cancel Drift after numerical integration
How to build a simple model for voice-controlled system?
Power spectral density of $\left(x(t)\right)^2$?
Dynamic convolution vs Volterra series
Backgammon checkers and dice detection
Confusion regarding Nyquist Sampling Theorem
How to scale the amplitude of an FFT of a chirp signal
How do I identify a notch filter given the transfer function?
Pilot tone frequency doubling
Equalizing frequency response in software
Signal generation: random noise
Power spectral density of a PAM signal
Analyzing fluctuations within the Signal
Fine-grained evaluation of speech recognition results
Practical application of complex FFT
When doing a Hilbert-transformation, why not simply multiplying by an exponential?
How do you model a rolling shutter in the frequency domain
Linear prediction (LPC) of Sine wave samples around maximas
Frequency Response with Delta Function?
Noise addition for aesthetic 'film-grain' modification of RGB channels in GLSL
Question about ramp filter used in filtered backprojection
What are the differences between estimation and detection optimal filters (matched and Wiener)?
How does the ROC (Region of Convergence) related to a real world application?
Vector length output of discrete time convolution
minimum requirement of SNR for fft algorithm
Simulating noise in computed tomography reconstruction
Implementing FIR with MATLAB
How to identify causality, stability and ROC from the pole-zero plot?
Can we use Tiva C series TM4C123GXL for signal processing experiment purposes?
Discussion - Integrating Accelerometer data to Position data from Frequency domain FFT
Acquisition of vibration signal and processing help
Removing drift from integration of accelerometer data
how fast can you sweep sinewave
What is the difference between continuous, discrete, analog and digital signal?
Random process $X(t)$ with autocorrelation function given find the mean and the variance
i have an audio signal. i have to find whether my audio signal is from given avi scene
BIBO stability of $1/x(t)$
Why does AFSK only trasmit in binary?
Effect of noise on high and low frequency components
Higher order filters
Discrete Fourier Transform frequency bin size
Relationship between $y(t)$ and $Y(f)$ in LTI system
Removing noise from Signal captured by Laptop Sound Card using Mic In (4-pole Audio Jack)
Difference between Gaussian and moving average filters for peak detection and doppler shift detection?
Understanding the constraint on distance between microphones in microphone array for Direction of Arrival estimation
When and how can multiple EQ filters be merged into one?
How to implement an improper discrete-time transfer function into Simulink
Best beginners guide to sound/audio
What is the Autocorrelation of the Impulse Response if the Magnitude of Frequency Response is >1
Problem with scipy.signal.butter for designing filter bank
Interpolating/Decimating CIC Filter Group Delay
validation of a pseudo jpeg compression
$N$ point moving average filters in state space
Rollercoaster: determining subject position from inertial data?
Signal values we will 'miss' between sampling instances during sampling of band limited signals
Matched filter for variable time scaling?
MATLAB: Normalize Image in Frequency Domain
Biorthogonal Wavelet Expansion
Why oscillations in PI control?
DTMF Tone Generation in MATLAB not sounding right
Object Tracking with Improved Detector of Objects Similar to Target
Question about zero-phase filter bank
DTFT of $x[-n-1]$
Please help me understand this FM carrier frequency inequality
Can one generate a signal with an asymmetric power spectral density?
Finding the wobbliest signal
Source and channel encoding
DFT Frequency domain analysis and interpolation
Meaning of Hop-Size in Filter Bank Interpretation of Short Term Fourier Transform
Periodicity of Fourier series's coefficients
Biquad cookbook formula for broadcast FM de-emphasis?
Design Stable IIR Filter in MATLAB
How we can use the Hadamard transform in feature extraction from an image?
FFT magnitude of ADC samples, converting back to $\textrm{dBm}$
What is this kind of distortion called?
How to derive $r(t) = c(t) \circledast \frac{1}{2} h_b(t, \tau)$?
Blind coarse OFDM frequency estimation
Find the transfer function of the difference between IIR and FIR filter
MIMO channel capacity being complex?
What's spectral "tilt"?
What are the types of noise (FM,AM, MSK modulated) that I can use for jamming GSM signals?
Delay and sum Beamforming
Removing gravity from a non-orthogonal body
Practical cross-spectrum estimation using Blackman-Tukey approach
Use polyphase representation to construct a perfect reconstruction filter bank
freqency resolution of 48khz 16bit WAV?
What does it mean to train and test a data for feature extraction?
Regarding Complementary Filter for Accelerometer- Gyroscope sensor fusion
Are there good methods for converting color image to gray-scale image?
Does an audio equalizer consist of a perfect-reconstruction filterbank?
Signal processing for audio and speech
Beginner's question on LPF, Need for Sinc and windowing
Separating near points
Received signal envelope PDF to power PDF [Wireless Communications]
Hartley Transform vs Fourier Transform
The essential bandwidth of a rectangular pulse
Using Kalman filter for high-dimensional observation
Obtaining normalized matrix for the Haar Wavelet Transform
Independence of Noise at Each DFT Output
How do they produce an impedance/phase plot for a speaker with a chirp that lasts 1 sec?
Can the magnitude of DFT of a triangular wave be max for at 0?
signal analysis and synthesis with different window length and FFT length
Convolution: generating a continuous-time signal from a discrete-time sequence
How do I attenuate a tidal signal in depth time series data
Wiener filter to estimate constant signal
Is Cross correlation between stationary random signal and noise zero for all lags?
Tricks for plotting the magnitude of a DTFT?
shifting and reversing the signal
Optimizing Two Parallel IIR Filter Sweeps
Checking if a lecturer can be heard clearly from the back of a room
LTI systems inverse of each other
FIR analog low-pass filter?
Resampling an audio signal
Fast implementation of LOESS for equally spaced samples (possibly using convolution)
Optical realization of the Radon Transform
Method to remove small unwanted region and fill holes for specific image
Removing known sequence from an audio sample
Rotating and Shifting image doesn't change FFT2
Should I observe a signal multiple times for MUSIC algorithm?
Which is faster: image segmentation or line detection?
Kalman filter for tracking obstacles
Cross-correlation or cross-covariance of non-zero mean signals
Discrete time Signal Transformation
How to recover $f(t)$ from Fourier Transform of its absolute value $\mathcal{F}|f(t)|$?
Filter long audio data using cascading biquad filter
Understanding the $\mathcal Z$-transform
Difference between diversity gain and coding gain
4 Hertz Modulation Energy
How to convert the mean and variance of a processed received signal into a SNR or BER?
How do I get a "blurry line" in gimp?
What is the purpose of the following code?
Fusing or combining signals from multiple sensors
matched filtering in GSM
What is 'antenna-chain permutation' and its advantages?
The magnitude of taking discrete cosine transform of an image two times is similar to the original
Creating Periodic Impulse Train In MATLAB
Dependence of $\tt n$ in $\tt fft(data,n)$ in auto correlation of data
Which parameters should I take care of while converting .au to .wav for Genre Classification
OFDM Times of Arrival of multipath
Samples per second in a row vector in Matlab?
FFT: Extracted spectrum depends on number of points sampled
Convolution of two exponential signals
Why Fourier series and transform of a square wave are different?
How to make colored noise white?
Signal power and signal-to-noise ratio with repeaters
Bin spacing in FFTs
Frequency Domain Filtering
Finding the impulse response, given a differential function involving the input and output
Differentiating between zero and not sending for OOK
Classifying a time series with a Lorentzian power spectral density
Gaussian noise definitions
What type of information can be contained in I/Q (quadrature) data?
Tapped Delay Line Filter Distinction
Some subtleties in the PSD of digitally generated noise with $S_X(f) = A(f)$
Peak detection for signals that contain high frequencies
Calculating maximum signal frequency knowing its sampling rate?
Clock Jitter and Phase Noise
How to determine the frequency of a waveform?
Integrating over an image?
Why NRZ-L and NRZ-I line coding have DC component?
ZOH with polyphase resampler
Create a color image in Matlab with sinusoidal patterns
Does 4D-PAM5 has DC component?
Simulating a multipath channel
How does zero-padding affect the magnitude of the DFT?
Face Classification. Is it OK to only use geometric features?
Calculating Hamming distance effectively: a fast approach
Are both halves of a symmetrical FFT result required to generate the original waveform?
How to read Phase response graph?
Time domain maximum from frequency domain data?
Does Zero Padding Work as Advertised?
Difference between optical flow field and motion field?
Generating a sine wave from FFT bin
Detecting the rotation of digits in an image
camera movement calculation
Example of an LTI system with complex impulse response
Verification of all steps needed to extract MFCCs from raw audio data
Why would the audio from .mp4 files be audible on some devices but not others?
How can define an indicator which measures the degree of similarity between two signals?
How can we combine 2D image with 3D image for the same sense?
Time-dependent Fourier Transform (TDFT)?
Cutoff frequency of a first order recursive filter
What is a good example of an ergodic process?
Generate loopable sine wave cycle for given frequencies
Understanding LPC for Formant Estimation
Is inverse matched filter useful?
Detecting Zero Crossing in Image Filtered by Laplacian Operator
Minimum recording time for a signal
Interpolation of magnitude of discrete Fourier transform (DFT)
Is Z-transform of $\sin(\omega_0n)$ same as that of $\sin(\omega_0n)u[n]$
Conceptual Question on equalization technique in rayleigh fading channel based on a paper
How to analyze image quality?
MATLAB: Generating and Visualizing Mother Wavelet of different scale
Obtaining n values from n-1 sensors
Help in analytical expression of BER for M-QAM
interpretation of histogram in statistical image processing
How to design and implement a low-pass AR1 filter in Matlab?
How to change a continuous signal to form a discrete signal?
How to recognize an object from a small training set of images?
How to find ROC of system when input is two sided and output is one-sided
Differentiation of sine in Fourier domain
Find highest frequency of a very manky signal
Bright lights on colors
How to distinguish signal and noise eigenvalues of autocorrelation matrix for MUSIC algorithm?
Continuous-time frequency response question
SNR estimation in segmented speech signals
Tied rank adjustment for Spearman Correlation
Amount of delay in audio signals which are echos of the original audio signal
Modelling an existing DSP filter by analysing the differences between its inputs and outputs
Phase shift in higher order filters
Discontinuity in the angle of a complex exponential signal
How to equalize an ISI channel when the transmitted symbols are unknown?
How to efficiently compute a sliding FFT/DFT with a variable window?
Pulse Compression(Chirp) SNR Gain
Filter design by distributing poles and zeros on parametric curves
Filtering out negative frequencies
Cross Correlation
Fourier Transform gives unexpected results: signal reversal and conjugation
How to calculate sweep time of FMCW radar?
Why would someone need a Spatial Light Modulator with a maximum phase shift $> 2\pi$
Whitening signal vs. whitening its DFT
Is subtraction a common method for efficient filtering?
Need help in understanding minimum variance estimator and CRLB concept using an example
Differences between $\tt wentropy$ in MATLAB and entropy definition
Doing audio processing with DFT on a microcontroller
Correlation between a lowfrequent and a fast signal
Force an unstable IIR filter to be stable by forcing a nonlinearity in the digital block diagram
How to reconstruct signal of its phase and magnitude functions?
How to calculate a delay (correlation peak) between two signals with a precision smaller than the sampling period?
Discrete time non-linear time invariant system dynamics descriptions (state-space or input-output relationship)
For image quantization, is it necessary to sample image?
Remove square-wave pulse artifact
Prediction-error filter for images
Deriving the Matrix Inversion Lemma for RLS Equations vs the Woodbury Derivation
limiter algorithm wanted: mixing two channels without clipping
Region growing algorithm
What is the meaning of half window functions?
Why LFO should be alias-free?
Beginner's guide to OFDM
Spectrograms for neural nets
Why is circular convolution used in DSP? Why not linear convolution?
Practical examples of ARMA model
Is there a difference in bicubic interpolation of images vs patches?
How would you generate this type of wave form?
Difference equations applied to DSP
Method to Decompose Modulation Series
Backprojection of 2D image on 3D model
Magnification of a colored image through two color space: RGB & YCbCr
Why does my plot of the Blackman window not match everyone else's in literature?
Image FFT radial component reduction
Does DFT produces the same output as FFT?
Two way Audio crossover MATLAB code using Bessel
Does delta-sigma ADC also reduce Gaussian noise on input signal to ADC or just quantization noise?
Octave: How to attenuate all frequencies except one?
How to Prove a 2D Filter Is Separable?
What is the total impulse response in a system with feedback interconnection?
calculate SNR of two signals with power spectral density
Beginner level: deconvolving Gaussian noise to find initial PDF
Convert image of an irregular surface to it's signal equivalent
how filters noise of same frequencies(lms)
Generating smoothed versions of square wave, triangular, etc
Algorithm for object tracking
Decomposing an Image into High Frequency and Low Frequency Parts Using Bilateral Filter
Face detection in videos
Image processing: Image recognition and classification on fish
Most appropriate spectral analysis method for a recording of a saxophone note?
What does the $n$ do in $1/(j \omega)^n$
Gaussian Mixture Model-UBM based for image recognition
Image processing using Gabor filter
human voice , FFT
How do you save/convert an image to be in the frequency domain?
Is there a technical term for this simple method of smoothing out a signal?
Unable to understand how the paper simplifies the covariance matrix - Kalman filter
Yule-Walker PSD Estimate of an AR Process
Extracting sound pressure from wav File
Unable to stabilize 8-PSK signal with self designed costas loop
Velocity estimation from distance sensor
Signals and systems : why do we study causal signals?
Band Limit in Gaussian Pyramid
What's the meaning of ergodicity?
How do I design a speed-efficient high-pass filter to replace slow polynomial filter?
Calculating phase with noninteger periods of a sinusoid
How to find out if a transform matrix is separable?
Frequency dependent phase difference between signals arriving at two microphones
How to calculate the data rate of IEEE 802.15.4 to be 250kbps?
Finding frequency respone of a differential/integral LTI system
Should you include division by coefficient of variation in WV reconstruction for its normed 1D signal?
Digital signal and frequency analysis
What are the rough steps in obtaining and processing an image from an infrared camera?
Any examples of analysis in time domain to extact information
What base image size to choose to assist easier downsizing?
What is the performace of Bag of words under scale and rotation changes?
How does viola jones algorithm cope up with a test image size which is very different to training image sizes?
What does 0 mean in YUV420
Question regarding using cardinality in pattern recognition
What is the unit of x-axis of a sound signal?
What is the Fourier transform of a multiplied cosine signal with rect?
Physically understanding autoregressive model (really basic question)
Using matlab (or some other tool) to perform convolution?
Determine modulation function from spectrum?
How can I tell if an image is part of another image?
Determine maximum frequency of input signal to make system LTI
Occupied Bandwidth
How the gain term k(n) is assumed to be the equation in RHS. And why is it called gain?
JPEG DCT padding
Parameter estimation from a measure
Getting the $\mathcal Z$-transform of the moving average summation
Taking the inverse $\mathcal Z$- transform with a summation in the denominator
Finding the inverse Inverse $\mathcal Z$-transform
Trying to write a signal "unsmoothing" algorithm
Determine Sound Intensity in SPL
Compute ADSR: How? Does it make sense?
Filters applied separately to right and left channel of stereo microphone yielding inaccurate results
Realize Simulink block "Ideal ADC Quantizer" in Matlab
2D Convolution as a Doubly Block Circulant Matrix Operating on a Vector
Which one of these signals will be least distorted by this communication channel
correlation coefficient between these two signals
Is there a function in MATLAB similar to $\tt freqz$ but for $H(\omega)$?
Reconstruction of a signal using 1D discrete wavelet
Filter's which requires physical model
Turning a MPG video into a set of coordinates
How to get the sum of unit steps and unit ramps from a discrete signal?
Problem with Covariance matrix using diagonal loading involved in calculation of eigenvalues
How to calculate LF/HF power ratio from heart rate RR-intervals
Calculate the SNR of wav file?
I have 24-bit data in two's complement 32-bit integers. I need Q31 data
DAC output SFDR and Harmonics does not meet at particular decimal frequencies
Delete frequency components with FFT and IFFT
Retaining filter state for processing data in chunks
Real-time BPSK demodulation
How to find the Fourier transfer function of a Laplacian operation?
Discrete time signals connected in series
Gain of multipath fading components
Audio localization accuracy with two microphones
Why level of noise can be magnified twice through each numerical differentiation?
Difference between 2$\pi f$ and $\omega$ in Fourier transform
Developing DSP software, am I 10 years too late?
With the same channel S/N, the normalized mean square error differs
Interpretation of FIR output
How to shift input for testing shift invariance in a system?
Alternating sign after Discrete Fourier transform
Filtering odd and even frequencies
Help in understanding if the maximum likelhood estimation is working properly
Which parameters defines a polar plot?
How to Generate a vector map for histogram equalization
Why DTFT coefficients are periodic and why continuous Fourier transform coefficients are not periodic?
Why does this transfer function has a second zero
What is the Fourier transform of $\delta(t-a)$
Convolution of $f(2x)$ and $g(3x)$
Two question about RBJ Peak filter
How to locally quantify the 'sharpness' of an image?
Why do musical instruments have different colour in phone?
Can't get FFT of Sample & Hold sinusoidal wave in Simulink
How to implement Fast ICA on multiple wav files?
PWM samplerate to equal PCM accuracy
What algorithms can automatically determine a 3D scene from one or a few 2D images?
Music Recommendation
the position of image plane in optical imaging
Running a MATLAB file several times
How is Bayesian Estimation related to filtering?
What is (Fourier frame length/2 + 1)?
MFCC for very short signals
What is the intuition of "averaging is a low pass filter"?
Compression algorithms specific to complex signals
How to find correlation between 3 signals
Digital frequency for images
How do derivative masks work for finding edges in image?
Group delay of the integrator
Why analog anti aliasing filter is used before analog to digital converter when there is already a digital filter after ADC?
Equation for impulse train as sum of complex exponentials
How to plot magnitude response using freqz in matlab if I have a transfer function without a denominator
Bose Chaudhuri Hocquenghem (BCH) vs Reed Solomon (RS) Error correcting codes and sound transmission channel modeling
Phase Contribution of Zeros in Z-plane
Overlapping power-of-cosine windows with constant weight
Starting off an IIR with plain averages to accelerate slow rise time
Unexpected peaks in spectral analysis
How should you decide on the number of sweeps to be used in FMCW radar?
What is the significance of Butterworth filter in image processing?
How to extract features from nonstationary signal using SVD (singular value decomposition)?
How much to decimate?
Relation between FIR filter's transition width and phase delay
Musical onset detection approach
scipy.signal.decimate vs array operations
Multi-scale in Object detection?
Verlet integration first step
Are there any advantages of a cascaded FIR vs direct form FIR?
Image Processing: 360x180 panorama from discrete images
Signal and system convolution
Estimation of CCD/CMOS sensor noise
PSD Magnitude with Welch's Method
What is meant by "correlation" when referring to spectral coherence
Sampling and Reconstructing Digital Signal
High audio frequencies in television broadcast
Comparing PSD two signals of different length
Wavelet image denoising: dual-tree versus double-density
Find the center of positive plateaus of rectangular function
Is image processing impacted by the lens or sensor size of the camera?
Finding Phase difference between voltage and current
QPSK using Root Raised Cosine Filter
Image reconstruction using Irradiation
Design of butterworth filter
Why does a pole close to the unit circle result in an enhanced Q-factor?
Determining time variance of integrator
Impulse response with sweep from measurement
Double the "speed", double the frequency?
Finding system stability
I/Q Sample demodulation to input data
convergence of Fourier transform of $e^{-t}\sin(2\pi ft)u(t)$
Causal system and Physical Systems
Is blending of colour lights a linear system?
Techniques for variance stabilizing? Filtering Poisson noise?
DFT algorithm for FPGA without phase
Implementation of a filter in a software application
$Q$ factor refers to what on a lowpass filter? (EE kind of definition)
How to perform downconversion using a DSP
How to use MATLAB's $\tt xcorr$ to find index of a section inside a whole recording?
Kalman filer for estimating velocity
How to take the linear convolution of these two signals?
How to find the DTFT of unit step with $(-1)^n$ scalar multiplied?
What image processing operation should I use to remove fuzzy black area
Why do we not use square filters without windows?
Using Local Binary Pattern for finding Homography between two Image
How to find a 'square root filter' such that $d*\overline{d}=f$ given $f$?
Finding System transfer function, $H(z)$ or, equivalently, its impulse response, $h[n]$
Effect of window function on audio output
How do I get excatly the same peak amplitude versus frequency when performing FFT?
How to iplement fast DCT-III (for inverse of DCT-II) using FFT or iFFT
Is it normal that a DAC outputs spikes?
Frequency and phase range of the FFT of an image
Combining Bandpass filters on 1D signal to obtain better SNR?
Estimating the standard deviation of Gaussian filter from smoothed image
How to recognise different symbols from their slope ? like (<,>,^) etc
MATLAB, Removing Certain Elements From An Array That Fits The Condition
Definition of Ideal Low pass filter (Time Continous)
Advice needed for separating 3-channel signals
Weighted Sum of Auto Correlation - Lower Bound
Recursive systematic convolutional code (RSC) realization in MATLAB
Information Loss in a Multirate System
Gaussian White Noise - Relation Between Distribution and Correlation
Downconversion / Demodulation of RF signal to DC
Matlab: What is the proper way to calculate mean square error for complex numbers
Separating signal from noise in similar frequency range
Visualizing the measure of each FFT frame as an image in an audio signal
Is there a way to derive an FIR filter using an IIR filter?
variance of filtered polynomial
Homography Matrix Correlations
Power of a periodic sequence
MATLAB code to evaluate audio loundness over time
Detect grid corner
Identifying who is who - Image processing
Separating out a sequence of DFTs with overlapping windows
how does DSD silence looks like?
How to convert a low-pass Gaussian filter to a high pass filter
Nyquist frequency - Sampling theory
DFT in IIR filters
Are circular buffers relevant to transposed direct form IIR filters?
Why the correct probability for a square M-QAM is equal to the square of correct probability of ($\sqrt M$)-PAM?
How do I quantify the amount of information being lost by filtering a digital signal?
Difference between spectrogram and a figure in an audio signal
Real world application of signal sparsity?
Notation confusion -- What is the correct operator for computation of the log-likelihood expression for complex valued data?
Non-negative matrix factorization for audio separation - why does it work?
Word Error Rate weights
How to approximate the sample rate?
Implementing inverse FFT using forward FFT
The Fourier transform of a triangular window function
Matlab : How to plot the constellation diagram for this method?
Understanding Active Contour results - Williams and Shah 1992
How can dilation of a wavelet function lead to its sign reversal?
Where has this complex component come from?
IIR with asymptotic impulse response
Unexpected result after calculating the response of a system in frequency domain
Covariance matrix $P$ and $Q$ for complex valued data
Why is being jointly WSS important in signal estimation with LMMSE estimator?
Python FFT (average) Hanning spectrum size 4096 and 50% overlap
Why do we use the top left corner as the origin in image processing?
Direct sequence spread spectrum modulation
Find cut-off frequency of a low-pass filter for a given output signal
Magnitude of function in $z$ domain
How to interpret these filter coefficients?
Robust watermarking in change format
Difference between Fourier transform of $\left(\frac{1}{3}\right)^{-k}$ with $k\le -1$ and $\left(\frac{1}{3}\right)^{k}$ with $k\ge 1$
Combined impulse responses
The DTFT of $\{1,1\}$ is $1+e^{-j\omega}$ but what is the DTFT of $\{1,-1\}$?
Why is zero-padding required for Sobel edge detection?
Relationship between FFT amplitude and sample size
Can deep learning be applied to video compression?
Is the following system stable and causal?
How to fit Welch's window segments to a time series of variable length
Differences between phase and group delay
Kalman filter for tracking sinusoidal motion
Impulse response (general form for linear systems as two-variables function $h(t,\tau)$) applied to Time-invariant systems
Calibration - acoustics
FFT butterfly input index
Proper rounding when converting between digitized values and floating point
Fast algorithm for the MATLAB's $\tt impz$ function?
How do we use signal::filter and signal::butter in R for EEG data?
Virtual Microphone using Mic Impulse Response
Output signal as convolution of impulse response and step signal
How can I change parameters into a text string in MATLAB?
What are the units of my data after an FFT?
Computing SSD/SSE using pattern with omitted pixel
Image derivative in the Fourier space
MATLAB's $\tt filter()$ function for complex valued data
Express circular convolution in terms of linear convolution
When does the Amplitude Spectrum equal the Magnitude Spectrum?
Nyquist frequency and DC
What's the point of MATLAB's scaling array for secord-order-section filters?
Effect of Gaussian Blur on Different Frequency Components of an Image
"Don't window a transient signal"
How to calculate the steady state response $y_{ss}(t)$ of a LTI system given the Laplace transform $Y(s)$?
Shift signal in frequency domain
How is "Joint class histogram" algorithm deploy using Matlab?
Is the calculation of variance correct from an estimator -- confusion regarding complex number where I am going wrong?
How is the topo / scalp map from an EEG Signal with ICA created?
opencv camshift algorithm
Digital filter not removing noise at specific frequency Matlab
Mathematical advantages of the ZT, DTFT and DT?
advantage of using impulse response function for LTI systems?
Principal Component Analysis (PCA) on Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) Features
Nyquist plot interpretation when curve hits the origin
Power and Energy spectral densities of a linear system
How to conserve symmetry of discrete spectrum after applying fractional delay in the frequency-domain?
Low-pass filtering bounces when signal doesn't start at 0
Can FFT information be used to obtain the DTFT?
White noise gain of uniform spline interpolation
Frequency Response FIR Filter Bank
Design of a digital A-weighting filter with arbitrary sample rate
Calculate IFFT using only FFT?
Huffman coding for $8\times 8$ blocks of an image
How to add noise to a vector-valued simulation?
Proper generation of Complex white Gaussian noise using Matlab
order of fir filter
FIR filter design sampling rate
Laplace transform of averaging operator
How to improve the reliability of KF estimation?
Fourier-series odd vs even square wave?
Frequency at which the maximum amplitude occurs of a signal
DCT and mean difference of an image
How to segment frequency bands after FFT and calculate power?
Estimating Damping Factor (Q) from Noisy Measurements
Is there any method/algorithm to estimate the magnitude of non-stationarity in a signal?
Image reconstruction using Laplace pyramid
Disparity in phase calculation between STFT and Hilbert transform
Defending Continuous values using Error Correction Codes
Tracking a Sine Wave with Kalman Filter - How to Account for Offset (DC Signal)?
How many times does a certain sound appear in an audio clip?
What is the steady state response of a system of two exponentials to sinusoidal excitation?
What additional information do we get from z-transform that we don't get from DTFT?
How different methods of getting spectra in Python actually work?
How to choose the "best" measurment (from a given set) as input for a kalman filter?
Cross correlate a 2D array
OFDM Transmitter knowledge
How to determine load cell response to arbitrary temperature changes with known step response(s)
FFT for a non coherent wave
How do I know quantitatively if the correlation of two time series is significant?
In a JPEG file, how much is noise and how much is the image?
How to mix 8bit/8kHz unsigned linear PCM data in AppsScript?
Image Processing- ornament detection
Why many DACs uses series of half band filters for interpolation instead of single one?
How do I scale Gaussians for Edge detection
GPS - Compute travel time satellite-receiver
Designing a half band FIR filter with Scilab
Why do Dyadic filterbanks downsample the high pass signal portions?
How can I describe a sum of sinusoids by an equivalent lowpass signal?
Filtering out a specific Gaussian from a signal using Fourier concepts
Help Understanding Radial Gaussian Filter
How to prove this norm inequality?
Monotonic, symmetrical soft-clipping polynomial
what is difference between structure image and texture image
linear phase notch filter matlab
What is the IMAL envelope method?
Octave: Poor performance of convolution by separable 1D kernels
Matching guitar signal with tablature, near real-time algorithms?
Scaling for a 2D Hanning Window
What is the difference between Image Inpainting and Image Denoising?
Scikit-Image, Numpy, and Selecting Colors (python)
resilient codes to phase shift
Estimate the wavelength of an oscillatory signal
How to test if error has zero mean?
What is the overall capacity of two cascaded BSC channel?
Problems designing high pass FIR filter with $f_\textrm{cutoff} \ll f_\textrm{s}$
Designing artificial signals
Conditions for symmetric and unimodal windows in both time and frequency domains
Algorithm for 1d spline interpolation suitable for 8 bit microcontroler
Compare two audio tracks
Calculate Horizontal Pixel Shift for Super Resolution
i.i.d Raleigh distributed T tap frequency selective channel
Decoupling two signals where one is a delayed version of the other
How can I get the uncertainties for peaks on an image?
Spreading sequence and equalization based on a paper
Can you decimate / downsample a signal in frequency domain just like you can interpolate / upsample it?
How to decide about length of vectors for estimating correlation matrices
How can I determine the complex envelope of a signal when knowing the analytic signal?
How can I generate a pulse train in the frequency domain?
Why does my C++ phase vocoder introduce buzzing when changing pitch?
Zero STFT bins (and not FFT bins)
Reordering frequency translation and decimation
How to implement a time-varying filter?
8-PSK baseband signal with real and imaginary part
Bias of random variable
Correlation : How is correlation analogous to dot product?
Harmonic oscillation and Fourier
Why are there no poles for finite length signals
Separate key-related frequencies from audio signal
Sampling Theorem
Sampling theorem (T-sampled signal)
Regressing/interpolating between quasi-periodic sinusoids
How did they get this table?
Nyquist criterion for zero isi
Segmentation and edge linking
What is the source of the vibrations apparent the FFT
How can I plot the spectrum of a signal in MATLAB?
How to build a median filter function?
deconvolution challenge
Number of trials to judge performance of Compressive Sensing recovery algorithms
Difference(relation?) between filter banks and wavelet decomposition
How can I calculate the amplitude of a signal from its power in dBm?
Segmentation of warped text lines
How to calculate the output image with the following kernel?
DFT and IDFT deriviation problems
Techniques for detecting small blobs in noisy images
Can the Cramér-Rao Lower Bound be constant?
Beamforming using MATLAB
suitable application for 2d FFT
How could I remove the central red line
Energy Preserving Laplacian Pyramid
Is the fundamental basis function of the DFT not an intregral number of cycles?
Update substate in Kalman filter
Median filter problems about the output image
How does the error in azimuth angle vary as one moves away from the boresight direction of a radar
How to calculate a significant value of a definite curve/shaded region in a graph?
Can I test any frequency with DFT?
Which order to perform downsampling and filtering?
Matched filter loss due to frequency offset
Basic transfer function question
Where can I find more information about this formula relating a window's time and frequency size?
How to simulate fading channels in MATLAB?
Is there such a thing as a moving bandpass filter algorithm?
FFT for real signals
What is the name of these simple filter algorithms?
Hardware implementation of Gaussian noise generator
Finding the $\mathcal Z$-transform of $((-\frac{1}{3})^n + \frac{1}{2})^n \mu[n-2]$?
How to read off power at different frequencies
How to reduce noise in a video stream?
Measuring distance of periodic structure in biological sample with FFT in MATLAB
What's the impact of aliasing in the time domain?
Fourier transform relationship
Implication of Cramer Rao Lower bound and relation with SNR : non-technical overview
Audio DSP HW Recommendation
Why is cepstrum used in MFCC instead of autocorrelation sequence?
How to recover a signal from its complex envelope
noise in audio deconvolution result
Is dithering and noise shaping needed when upsampling an audio signal 8 times (from 44.1kHz to 352.8kHz for example)
RMS averaging in spectrum analyzers
How to obtain digital IIR filter coefficients for known z-plane zero-pole plot?
Removing an unwanted sinusoidal signal using FIR filter
Digital Camera Spectroscopy?
matched filter>>Why is the maximum output (s/N) does not depend on the particular shape of the waveform?
Find reverse one pole lowpass filter
ROC curve with classification problems
Cross Correlation shows peak at the same location every time
Gain at given frequency from $z$-plane zero-pole plot. Two methods gives different results
What's the difference between using DFT, IDFT or DCT to calculate cepstrum of a power spectrum?
Time-domain cross-correlation with padded signals
Doubling the frequency of a sound fragment in real time?
Nulling filter coefficients
Is there any difference between using convolution and correlation for finding edges with Sobel?
python rewrite lfilter (iir) with for
What is the bandwidth of human speech?
remove zero padding effect crosscorrealation
Why is each window/frame overlapping?
Applying a window function to a speech signal
anti-spoofing systems
what is the difference between QPSK and 4QAM?
Derivation of PSD of sampled bandlimited random process
How to explain this BER vs SNR behaviour?
How to perform zero-padding to 3 dimensional array
what is the mel scale?
Relationship Between Sampled Continuous and Discrete Time Signals
Sine chorus effect
Haar Wavelets vs STFT for graceful audio quality degradation (newbie question)
Sweep signal + microphone-recorded signal => Impulse response
DTFT reconstruction
Fourier transform of a tilted line function
what is $1/f$ property of the visual world?
Deriving the Convolution Kernel of the Inverse of a Signal
Equivalent of Fourier transform for Gaussians?
Why are some LDPC codes more immune to noise than others?
Filtering everything outside 20 - 20000 Hz
What is meant by "Cubic Difference Frequency"?
2d dft of a scattered signal
How to detect peaks ignoring soft declivity?
A very basic question about processing high frequency signals
What is the purpose of dividing a signal into subbands when compressing an audio file?
How to add noise to time series data in Python?
Modelling the amplitude and phase through an amplifier
How to filter key clicks?
Detecting delay and sample drift in audio files (wav, mp3, etc.)
Taking the FFT of a sinusoidal signal and going back
Phase spectrum of a Fourier transform
How is multiplexing achieved in spread-spectrum modulations like CSS?
Inverse Fourier transform from plots
DFT - Removing window effect in spectral domain with convolution
Frequency bin of the positive and negative frequency
Why is the bandwidth doubled with AM?
Understanding DFT-ODD operation in Gardner Efficient Convolution paper
How does parallel structure implementation of IIR speed up the process ? What happens in case of FIR?
Coherent Sampling And The Distribution Of Quantization Noise
How to explain IDFT of square root of a DFT?
Deciding on the FFT length for water waves in flume (wave facility)
Signal normalization
How audio watermarks are captured
Can someone explain what a butterfly is in regards to DSP?
What is the purpose of a window function?
What happens if you apply window after filtering a discrete signal to get it back to its original length?
MFCC feature vector from wav file
Magnitude and phase of $-\delta[n]$?
Applying a Liftering function to an audio signal
Understanding the lowpass filtering of a digital signal
Variable step size LMS vs Leaky-LMS adaptive filter algorithm
Beamforming techniques - pros and cons
Gradient descent applying chain rule in state space setup
First order Wiener–Hopf filter design
Raw speech data into spectrogram
Two-Box-Model of a nonlinear amplifier
Application of the time-shifting property in case of Fourier-Transform of cosine
Which image filter can be applied to remove gridded pattern from corrupt jpegs?
How do I sum the discrete cosine transform cosine waves?
Variance of correlated noise
How to do a Fourier transform on input from a microphone and obtain the average amplitude of a certain frequency range
Watermark insertion process in image
How does a Huffman encoded message gets unified before channel encoding?
Inverse $z$-transform of a transfer function in MATLAB
Matched Filter BER vs SNR curve does not match the theoretical curve
Why two images with same cluster value have different representation?
Why are we still using Continuous Time Fourier Transform when we have Laplace Transform?
How to reverse Mel scale
why human voice is band limited while it's time limited?
How to solve this entropy integral?
Fourier transform of the product
Is image annotation a hard AI problem?
How do I eliminate line noise from USB microphone
Connections between quantum field theory and signal processing
Recommended signal processing books?
Calculating cutoff frequency for Butterworth filter
how can i use gr-specest in gnuradio?
upsampling and downsampling operator
IIR coefficients and difference equation implementation in C language
Bit accuracy improvement versus sample averaging
Why do we use scaling factors in DCT? Are they important?
How signal moments work?
How to get the scale bar of an FFT for a 2d image
Why is $A\cos(2\pi f_ct)$ a non-stationary process?
DCT: Alternatives to quantization
Normalization of an image in MATLAB
While converting discrete filter specs into continuous filter specs, why do we multiply gain by T
Fast Hartley in a MATLAB script file
Feature Vector from an audio signal
Analogue filter analysis (band-pass)
What are the popular benchmark systems and equations in adaptive signal processing?
DSP filter. Is prewarping performed when discretizing using Forward/Backward?
On number of samples needed
How to design digital filter from transfer function
Detecting Bass in a wav-file
$\tt ifft()$ function - absolute vs real form
Non invertibility of system $y[n]=x[n]-x[n-1]$ using transform method?
Angle of arrival (AOA) estimation using FMCW radar using MUSIC algorithm
About the order of a difference equation
Measuring signal phase difference between receivers
Method for calculating musical note-based magnitude spectrum
Question about symbol detection in ISI channels (use of APP decoder in Matlab)
A property of all-pass filters
HHT and how to plot the Hilbert spectrum
Generate and Recognize Graphical Patterns
Time-Frequency Analysis of Big Data - Data Size Reduction: averaging the most appropriate method?
Determine surface homogeneity (luminance, colour, shape) by fourier transform
Determine Phase Difference and Time Delay Between Two Pulsed Sinusoidal Signals
Calculate THD From DFT Plot
Inverse Problem / Deconvolution with Pink Noise
How to get the values for C1 and C2 in Chan-Vese Model?
How should this fft output be intepreted?
One period with transient
Preventing clipping in audio signal processing
What's wrong with this Average Magnitude Difference algorithm?
Orthogonal signal generator using integer arithmetic
quantitative definition of "FFTable" data point as a function of the signal to noise level
How to prove relationship between mutual information and differential entropy?
Vibration Sensor - Balancing Machine
Different approaches for partial image derivation
'imread' function in MATLAB gives image data.what this image data is?is that intensity of pixels?and how MATLAB computes this data?
How to calculate the impulse response from the transmission function of an optical device?
Whether Poisson noise will be dominant source of noise in low light conditions?
Efficient frequency determination
Does frequency shifting double needed bandwidth?
gaussian noise in an image
How to remove ADC-induced noise from voltage measurement data?
Calculate 1D Power Spectrum from 2D Images
Contour sharpening: Optimal direction for derivation
Digital delay effect: avoiding clicks on delay time change
PCA to reduce dimensionality to 99% variance
Bandpass filter using wavelet transform
Interpreting dataset of a power spectrum
Sphere decoding for non-binary modulation
Speex echo cancellation takes a long time (~20s) to converge
How to understand multiple peaks in FFT analysis?
Impulse response of a certain system
Replicating Research: Feature Vectors of Audio Samples
Bandwidth with complex sampling
xcorr in MATLAB for periodic function
How can a system be unstable if $L(j\omega)$ is never exactly $-1$?
Noise floor of a FM duplex
Gaussian weighted distance between pixel amplitudes: motivations and sources?
Considering the FFT of Real & Complex Signals
Guitar pitch detection
Why does the separable filter reduce the cost of computing the operator?
Feature recognition within a single song
How to know the filter order
Recommendation for good ressources on digital processing and D-QPSK
MATLAB: Compute pole-zero diagram of FIR using only impulse response
What are the eigenvalues of the 8 point DFT matrix?
Image Processing - find the centre of the estimated circle of eye
Showing linear-phase frequency response when only real part is known
EOG artifacts turn up in several ICA source signals
Long term spectral flatness measure voice activity detection
In what case do we need to increase the length of the signal compared to zero padding when using FFT?
Simplification after sampling an analog signal
Find the dominant low frequency
convolve to differentiate black and white colors
Good Heuristic Point Where Sending FFT to GPU is Computationally Worth It?
Extracting narrow-band ZigBee signals(4 MHz) from a wide-band WiFi signal(20 MHz)?
How do I get texture feature images from GLCM texture analysis?
Implementation of IIR Filter in dsPIC 33EP - Scaling
Effects of averaged periodogram (Welch's Method) on resolution?
The inverse of an orthogonal matrix is its transpose
what is difference between Alias vs. down sampling?
Should i high pass audio for real time frequency detection?
Matlab freqz and custom implementation differences
Distribution of energy in frequency bands
How can I properly detect a ball moving in a film capture?
Normalize harmonics to the same fundamental frequency in a time series using MATLAB
Bit Scaling Audio Streams
Can't make sense from VHDL butterworth filter implementation
How to interpret the sign of a cepstral coefficient?
quick conversion of dB to $\log_2$
Locate first minima in signal
Are there any realtime voice activity detection (VAD) implementations available?
Problems with implementation of a band-stop filter on an MCU (dsPIC) using fixed-point arithmetic
Bandpass filtering an audio signal with MATLAB's $\tt kaiserord$: unknown new frequency component
Change pitch of mp3 audio on a microcontroller
Physical significance of resolution in image processsing
Upsampled input to an Adaptive filter?
2D DWT computation order
Measuring similarity between two very similar pictures
Wiener-Hopf equation
Highly damped IIR/FIR digital filter
How to scale measured QPSK points to determine magnitude error?
What is the instantaneous frequency of this signal
Transient and steady-state analysis for adaptive filter
$\mathcal Z$-transform of an equation [Exam question]: Verifying the solution
How to determine number of poles or zeros in prony's method?
Inverse a frequency response
the sub-range of circular and linear convolution
Identify fundamental frequencies in short-period waveform
Help me understand how Pulse-Amplitude Modulation (PAM) works
How to Sample Smooth Random Walks of Instantaneous Frequency
Capacity loss of fast fading regarding AWGN
OFDM over FHSS Constellation detection
DSP or signal/image/data processing jokes
Modeling an infinite delay system
TTS - Diphone database
CMA Equaliser and FSK
Applying periodogram-based PSD
Can I compute convolution through the overlap and add method without the IFFT?
Preserving formants using Cepstrum
Evaluation of phase difference between two acquired signals (expected to be sine waves) with the same frequency
Use GNU Radio to extract information from a VOR signal
Hamming Window LUT function
Confused about the period of a discretised time-series
Find state space model from transfer function
Eye Diagram of QPSK Modulated Signal
Combining 2 sinusoids of equal amplitude with different frequencies into 1 new "wave"
Image Geometry Terms
application of wavelet to vibration signal
FFT Algorithm: Split Radix vs Radix-4
What is the best approach for studying the information within frequencies of an unknown signal
Can picking an inappropriate roll-off frequency for a digital filter just alias the roll-off value?
Interpolating and Decimating CIC filter based on sinc function
Why do linear phase filters have symmetric impulse responses?
Stft - Alternative way of visualising
Appropriate digital filter for GPS tracks?
How do I efficiently evaluate a convolution integral between different-sized domains?
Derive Bode Diagram from difference equation
Avoiding DC spike while decoding FSK signal
Online DFT Algorithm
How to treat noise (in the acceleration) in a Kalman filter when tracking position?
Spurious When $F_s/F$ is not an integer
Making a mesh out of the parameters from a STFT
Why duplicating the signal length alters magnitude in FFT spectrum?
Measuring the average frequency of signals
Is the system represented by the equation $y(t) = x(2t)$ time invariant?
Pulse wave from sum of sinusoids
Correcting for Doppler shifts at the speed of sound for a 800 MHz signal
Does a filter need to completely attenuate high frequencies to be considered low-pass?
Python: How to calculate image perimeter orientation histogram?
How can one know the polynome equation based on the output of a system?
Visualising fft-signal
How to accurately model wideband RF reflections?
Determining the probability of two signals, with added independent noise, being the same?
How to sample $f:=f_{1}\cdot f_{2}\cdot...\cdot f_{K}$?
Kalman filter - question about matrices
Laplace Transform of Cosine, Poles and Mapping to Frequency Domain
Estimate Arrival Time of a Signal
Feedback systems & oscillations
How to get a real signal from complex ifft values?
What is the benefit of using symmetric kernel in Fourier transform?
Kullback-Leibler Distance of Spectral Data
Entropy : do we prefer higher or lower entropy?
Improving Canny Edge Detection and Contours Image Segmentation
Library/strategy for rotate & scale image alignment/registration
Conversion from RMS to pk-pk units
Concatenating multiple FFTs
Does the frequency response assume the zero input response to be 0?
Why does QASK with a same bitrate as BASK use only half of the bandwidth?
What approximations are involved in STFT of a convolution?
Analytical expression for step response of digital bessel filter
How to cut off the initial disturbance automatically?
finding period with autocorrelation is not correct
What is the difference between a lag filter and "PI" control?
Max useful filter tap count for given fixed point bitwidth
Adding a voice echo
Shifting in FFT
Discard circular/blob like structures from image
what is the kernel ker in the ImageCorrelate of Mathematica Program?
Is Spectral Coherence (MSC) dependent to the initial amplitude of the comparing signals?
What is the autocorrelation equivalent of the spectrogram called?
Poles and zeroes - $\mathcal Z$-transform
Histogram Equalization Ignoring zero in Python
smooth noisy irregularly spaced data containing peaks
When are two signals orthogonal?
Frequencies from unsorted data
Poles and Zeroes - Z Domain
Measuring time distance between bass tones and send it as a signal
How to choose the size of a Laplacian of Gaussian kernel for filtering images fast?
Two-View 3D reconstruction using the sparse Levenberg–Marquardt algorithm
Recovering an image using IDCT through DCT coefficients
Using Kalman Filter to fuse two sensor readings of the same type
OpenCV - What type of a result does cv2.goodFeaturesToTrack() return?
A music recommender system by using basis functions
Finding the closest match of a recorded word to a 'corpus' of singly-recorded words.
Pixel-wise Write into a video file in MATLAB
Help understanding constant q output
Why is scale space (DoG) needed to detect scale invariant features?
How to include phase in a sinusoidal Kalman Filter
LTI filtering for wide-sense stationary process
Filter, window function and audio signal: how to link them to each other?
IIR Hilbert Transformer
Why does this plot correspond to this function?
Principal and Actual Values for Phase Response
BIBO stable LTI system frequency response for this input signal?
Constructing $X(\omega/2)$ from the FFT of $x[n]$
Discrete Time Fourier Transform (DTFT) for an unstable system (Ideal Low Pass Filter)
What would the target matrix to train Neural Network?
Beam Former linear array antenna
FMCW Radar Working Logic Question
Calculating phase only component of a signal in MATLAB
MP3 Filterbank + MDCT: Why?
Variance and Co-variance of a Linear Forecast
DFT for different data lengths
Understanding audio downsampling code (JavaScript) and adapting to a different ratio
image reconstruction using a set of kernels
FIR filter usage / understanding FIR
Reconstruct under sampled signal
Deconvolution and Polynomial division
closed-form analytical expression for DFT coefficients
Shannon's entropy for non-equiprobable symbols
Alternative to Orthogonal Matching Pursuit (OMP) Algorithm
Wavelets in time series predictions
Difference between Gabor filters, Gabor wavelets and Log-Gaber wavelets
Understanding equal power crossfades
Formulating a function on Matlab for the Shannon interpolation formula
What is QEEG technically, and how is it computed?
Sensor fusion with accelerometer and gyroscope only
Forward error correction with limited possible errors
Using the linear operator to check for time invariance of a differential equation?
Does $H(-z)$ produce aliasing?
Resonance circuit peak filter with unity stopband in MATLAB
How to detect Frequency Sweep Direction when Channel is unknown
Obtain the complex envelope of a two-tone signal
Rayleigh fading in simulink
Fourier Transform of Kernel Density Estimation - Convolution Theorem?
Finding frequency of data given in time domain
How can I track detected objects from frame to frame
How do spectrum analyzers detect peaks?
Implementing Continuous Wavelet Transform
Linearity and shift-invariance of 2-D system on lattice
Interpretation of a sampled signal in the frequency domain
RMS of absolute-valued sinusoid
fourier series fitting matlab
How to use linear predictive coding to compress voice diphone samples?
Guard Interval in OFDM
Spectrum of windowed version of original continuous signal
What's the difference between a DSP and microcontroller?
conversion of 1d signal to 2d signal for CNN operation
Stability of a logarithmic function and system
Is this an infinite response or a finite response?
Fourier Transform of shifted Impulse
Zero-phase vs Linear-phase vs Nonlinear-phase System
Blind Source Separation of Real World Mixture
Implementation of IIR Filter in dsPIC 33EP - Q15
Proper way of representing Static, delta, delta delta in a plot
Audio files similarity check
Impulse property - needed mathematical proof
determining type of filter given its pole zero plot
How to determine the symbol rate of a 2-FSK signal?
Averaging over bins in frequency domain
Problems implementing IIR filter in VHDL
Digital filters in LabVIEW
Plotting the magnitude response of a filter?
Does anyone can help me with signal processing problem?
detecting edge direction using Julia-language
How to design a FIR low pass filter and force a subset of filter coefficients to 0?
Conceptual problem : numberof symbols for nonuniform distribution using entropy : how to determine block size?
Zero Phase Filter: Determining Initial Conditions for Forward Backward Filtering
change convolution function if signal is above threshold?
Correlation between amplitude and power
Why do SDR receivers emit I/Q samples?
Fourier transform of $\sum_{n=-\infty }^\infty e^{-|t-2n|}$
Optimal Level of wavelet decomposition for denoising
What's the reasoning behind changing pilot tones in OFDM?
Filter Order Rule of Thumb
How to choose an interpolation method for seismic ground motion signals
Finding lag times for multiple time series
How can I interpolate between two FFTs?
Beginner level confusion regarding symbols used in modulation
How do I model a system to use with a Kalman Filter?
What are the practical constraints on designing Sensing matrix in compressed Sensing?
Find best fitting rectangles after applying edge detection
Are there amplitude and phase characteristics of harmonic signal components?
Optimization of Filter Coefficients to Given Word Length
What Is the Difference between Difference of Gaussian, Laplace of Gaussian, and Mexican Hat Wavelet?
Is there a function in python which returns the Amplitude/Sound Pressure Level of a sound file(like .wav) file?
What are the known use cases for different wavelet families?
Stability of a system
Estimating scaling and translation between two consecutive temporal images
Feature vector for music recommender system
White noise DC component
preprocessing raw ECG data
Mathematical question that comes out of using bilinear transform
Help in proper notations and mathematical formulation
FIR Filter Design: Window vs Parks McClellan and Least Squares
Convert a Park McClellan FIR Solution to Achieve Stop-band Roll-off
Kaiser window approximation
Range of function $ \frac{1}{n\pi}(1-\cos(n\pi))\sin(\frac{n\pi}{2})$ and determination of Fourier coefficients
Is the frequency spectrum dependant on frequency, or on imaginary angular frequency?
VSD in rms voltage
Why in Overlap Save Method in DSP output length comes out to be same as input length?
Differential equations and LTI systems
Bandpass filter to get EEG frequency bands?
Sending values from matlab through arduino as a pwm signal
Why downsample exhibit wider bandwidth when doing discrete time fourier transform?
Can i use frequency hopping spread spectrum technique for audio steganography?
Intensity Transformation using Fuzzy sets
What do certain terms mean in EEG processing describing frequency bands?
select local maxima in energy signal
Bilinear Transformation Comparison
How to calculate FFT of a non-uniformly sampled signal?
From MFCC to Machine learning. What are the steps?
Pole-Zero Configuration of Glottal Signal
How to calculate autocorrelation function of an image noise
What are Simulated B-mode and phantom images?
Proof of complex conjugate symmetry property of DFT
Is uniform noise present in some real processes?
What really means stochastic in field of signal processing
Edge detection and area measurement
correcting mirror ghosting effect
Resources for modulation/demodulation techniques with example code
Pathloss effect MATLAB code
Numerically Controlled Oscillator (NCO) for phasor implementation?
Guitar String frequency
Remove noise on nonlinear signal
How will the signal $\sum_{n=-\infty}^\infty \Delta (t-n)u_{-1}(t-n)$ look like?
Segmenting page with dense input and disconnected separators
Does Wavelet Packets (WPT) decompose signal on dyadic scales like DWT?
What is going wrong with my DFT program?
what is the best way of sampling an exponential decay?
Resampling scattered data with MATLAB's $\tt interp$ and $\tt resample$
How many 8x8 JPEGs exist with distinct DCT given a quality level?
SC-FDMA disadvantages
Word length for time series
Conjugate Pole Pairs
Ripple in time-domain using lanczos resampling
For 2D signals can it be said that the frequency response is the same as the Fourier transform?
Which filter to use for data with high amount of errors?
If a filter has a non-linear phase lag will the output signal be distorted?
Why are two cameras mounted in paralle in stereo application?
Which book of Proakis has dealt with continuous time signals and systems?
Regression vector size for prediction, reconstruction and filtration with adaptive filters
In DSP - is it true that the only type of interfering wave occurs when frequencies match?
Adjustment of window length with sliding/moving RMS method for frequency drifts
What acoustic properties of sounds enable us to distinguish the owner of the voice?
Pulse Doppler Radar: how to filter its Range-Doppler matrix?
Voice Biometrics (aka Speaker Recognition) - Standard accuracy rate? State of the art tech?
Detection milliseconds signal using a DVB-T dongle as SDR in C (need idea)
Absolute maximum number of possible PN sequences for given length
Help in understanding from book expression of variance of an estimator : PRBS vs real valued input
Undecimated DWT vs. CWT. In what cases is one preferable over another?
DSP with 8+ inputs for simple beamforming
4th order high-pass filter on a DSP: standard or biquads?
A PID that can handle 2 inputs for my application
Changing the Bandwidth of a signal of fixed Sampling frequency
Reconstruction of audio signal from Spectrogram: Implementation
Calculating phase response of maximum phase filter using Hilbert Transform
Impulse response to frequency response in octave
Adaptive filtering: Optimum filter length and delay
identifying overshoots in given state space system with step inputs
Addition of signal variance and noise variance
Question about path loss exponent estimation from measurment
Video compression - why not just sending the changed parts?
PIsarenko Harmonic Decomposition method for PSD estimation
Sampling and the creation of multiple images at integer multiples of the sampling frequency
When to use cross spectral density versus cross correlation?
Likelihood of Unscented Kalman filter
Signal Processing/FFT gives very high magnitudes for low frequencies
What happens when N increases in N-point DFT
How to apply a mel-filterbank to a signal?
Additive white Gaussian noise and undecimated DWT
Does SWT/ISWT require intermediate approximation coefficients to represent/reconstruct the original signal?
Can LMS filter converge to sparse solution?
Odd problem with really long sinc filters
Why do we assume zero mean noise in sensor data?
Are Amazon Echo ads embedding an ultrasonic signal to suppress recognition of the Alexa keyword?
Confusion in N of N-point-FFT
QAM-spectrum with uneven real & non-odd imaginary part
What should be the output of the pdf for multivariate normal distrubition?
Power spectrum of 2D image: result interpretation
Hilbert transform too large to store (out of core processing)
Reduce impact of outliners for frequency analysis by increasing signal length?
Basics of leakage phenomena in DFT and its approximation with sinc function
Extremely large reconstruction errors in NMF
baseband and passband modulation
What is good resource for time delay estimation?
Covariance vs Autocorrelation
Biquad filter from Matlab to C using "tf2sos"
Why is it necessary to average signals with filters?
Estimating the Nyquist rate when simulating data
Find a small image pattern in another similar image
How to differentiate the product signal $f(t)\theta(t)$, where $\theta(t)$ is Heaviside's unit step function?
Control systems and convolution
What is the frequency response function for an input through a differentiator and mixer?
How to apply low-pass filter to an I/Q signal to get baseband signal?
What proportion of a padded FFT should be actual values
What is the frequency transfer function when $x(t) = e^{-3t}u(t)$ and $y(t) = 2u(t)[e^{-t}-e^{-4t}]$
How can I isolate a Hough circle that I perceive to be the best fit, but is ranked much lower?
Vein extraction with intersections
VOFDM (Vector OFDM) advantages and disadvantages
Designing an IIR to generate a specific data sequence
Why does changing the frequency of a single component change total sum of amplitudes in my FFT?
Is information lost due to Hanning window perturbations?
Normalizing Cepstrum by Energy
Unipolar Transmission Spectrum
Even more on: Kalman filter for position and velocity
What is the frequency response function for the Bode Plot pictured here?
Phase Information at Higher Frequencies in Continuous Wavelet Transform
Hand tracking, state of the art
Calculating the inverse DTFT of a signal
Control design: under what conditions can closed-loop poles be placed arbitrarily?
Confidence Interval For Frequency of Peak in Averaged Periodogram?
Fourier convolution of a histogram
Peak Signal to Noise Ratio (PSNR) in Python for an Image
In the context of transfer functions, what is the relationship between the terms "proper", "causal", and "realizable"?
Time-spread multiple echoing of audio signals
Fitting discrete curve to cosinus
How does Siri recognize me saying "Hey Siri"?
How can i insert message bits into the frequency spectrum of an audio signal using matlab?
DTFT of any finite sequence in matlab
Analog Filter Prototype to Direct Form Second Order Cascade
Non coherent Symbol Error Rate vs Es/N0
MATLAB, error while trying to implement a Designed Filter object
Why the time step series affect the noise in FFT results?
Comparing band-pass filters and convolutional kernels?
How to find analytic description of filtered signal
Basic OFDM spectrum question
Correct method for up-sampling cross-power spectrum for sub-pixel motion estimation
Can error in digital signal be zero after filtering?
Maximum Throughput of QAM system
Why ups and downs of amplitude?
Digital Lowpass butterworth filter with cut off 500Hz and sampling rate 1.25MSPS
Effect of sampling
If humans can only hear up to 20 kHz frequency sound, why is music audio sampled at 44.1 kHz?
Which type of filter gives the smallest filter order?
How to keep phase response of IIR filter?
In OQAM modulation, why does the up-sampling process be seperated into two parts?
Determining invertibility of a system
Delayed impulse does not delay spectral response
Gravity center of a discrete signal
Covariance matrix of an adaptive filter input
Create distortion from basic linear (and non-linear if neccessary) DSP elements
Compute filter output with given values of $n$
What is the optimal way to select by color?
Does a filter add oscillations to a signal?
Difference between MFB bound and ML bound for ISI channels?
The minimal signal to noise ratio (SNR) for people to understand a speech in the noisy background
Edge map based on a Haar Wavelet Transform
How to find Sampling frequency of a video signal
ifft doesn't recreate original signal
Sinc interpolation formula for signal reconstruction in frequency domain from bipolar samples
Facing problem in plotting Grey Level Co-occurrence Matrix (GLCM) of an image in MATLAB
Shannon interpolation formula for downsampled data with an "almost ideal" low pass filter
Is sampling at double the desired reproduction frequency accurate?
Power Spectral Density of Sigma-Delta modulator
The signal $\frac{e^{j10\pi n}}{10}$ is periodic/aperiodic?
Comparison of SNR achieved by different weighting schemes
Techniques Used To Process Accelerometer Recordings
How to discard coefficients in the frequency domain without losing too much quality?
Factor unknown for cosine filter DFT
Music recommendation by Cepstral coefficients
What is the difference between phase noise and frequency noise?
Best averaging to convert 50Hz Chi data to one hour averages?
Books on delay / lag compensation
Predicting account balance based on historical data
Check the stability of the system, $y[n]=u[n]$
Hilbert transform of low pass and high pass signal
Suggestions for inhomogeneous particle segmentation
Does every 8 by 8 DCT matrix have a valid (in range) IDCT?
Can this robot trajectory smoothing function be expressed as a single convolution?
System Frame Number in LTE Specifications
OFDM in multipath channel simulation in it++
Appropriate model for IIR filter to compare with spectral ratios
Match a target spectrum
Jack buffer size and FFT frequency resolution
Frequency measurement from acoustic emission sensor data(VDC RMS)
Difference between compressive sensing and DCT-based compression?
Is this signal perfect reconstructable?
Convolution of two large signals in MATLAB
What kind of modulation is this?
Get slopes of integer shift of an image in radians
Simplify equation of single pole IIR transfer function
The effect of the mixed signals probability distribution on the ICA performance
Identifying & Measuring a Signal in Noise
Periodicity of signals
RMS values above 0 dbFS?
Can MFCC consist any zero values?
IIR biquad real-time filter just output noises
Determination of periodicity in data and finding mean
When is cubic spline interpolation better than an interpolating polynomial?
Estimates sub-pixel shift directly in phase region
Obtaining phase and magnitude of 2 spectral components after ADC
Is there a method to combine speech signals recorded by different microphones?
difference between logged power spectrum and power spectrum?
How to implement the $\tt conv(x,h)$ in MATLAB without using loop?
Finding the minimum phase h[n] and its Z transform
Effect of low pass filter on the time domain
Plotting a histogram of particle intensity vs pixel
Power Line interference with different Sampling frequency
Non-symmetrical DFT of real valued signal
Interpolating irregularly missing data points of regularly spaced data
Identify the frequency spectrum of an audio file by using matlab
FFT-like algorithm for fast DTFT computation?
Understanding time delay estimation for GPS?
Undesirable zeros in sampled signal using train of impulses
Sound absorption coefficients for frequencies higher than 8kHz and lower than 80Hz?
Root raised cosine pulse shaping filter
From fft result one can affirm that the signal is affected by white noise?
CIC Cascaded Integrator-Comb spectrum
Why does this Moiré pattern look like this?
How can a RLS algorithm utilise Wiener filter as FIR (M-tap) block?
What happens, when an unlimited bandpass-signal gets mixed?
Low pass FIR filter for EEG signal
Detect almost circular shapes in RGB image
Frequency response of $\mathrm{sinc}[n]$
Convolution of Two Kernels [OpenCV]
data segmentation
Time delay estimation in low SNR
Why is the lowpass-filter coming right after the local oscillator when mixing an RF?
Is a filter/control transfer function with positive phase "causal"?
normalizing STFT output and calculating energy of signal
How to adapt 4th order IIR filter coefficients from matlab to cmsis dsp biquad struct
Distribution of a Filtered Signal
Slope of the Filter
How to extract noise when the noise on three data sets are near identical?
Radar signal processing - Difference between range gate/range bin
Why is the dB plot of a signal usually non-positive?
Why are wavelet transforms (Multi Resolution Analysis) used more in practice for compression rather than Fourier series?
Software implementation recipe of cascaded Biquad IIR filter
Is periodic convolution same as circular convolution?
2-D sampling and reciprocal lattice
Oversampling while maintaining noise PSD
Find the $\mathcal Z$-transform of this function?
Effects of interchanging sine terms with cosine terms
Frequency-ratio at baseband IQ-mixing
Determining if the given system is LTI
Adding a constant to a bandpass-signal in transmission
Nyquist's Stability Criterion and Cauchy's Argument Principle
Finding DC gain of a signal
What function to apply to a signal to expose its burstiness (i.e., make the burst part more evident than the non-bursty part)
How does the RaspberryPi radio hack convert digital GPIO signals to an FM signal?
Time position in STFT output
How to get a real signal back to a non-complex form after processing it in frequency domain (using fft)
Help me out in finding the problem in my given MATLAB code of Rectangular Contour Algorithm(RCA)
Discrete Time Processing of Continuous Time Signals LTI Concept
Parallel Processing Gigapixel Images
Histogram estimation (from sub-set of image pixels)
Is MATLAB documentation wrong on when to use discrete versus continuous wavelet transform?
FFT subset output yields computational efficiency
spectral factorization method
Radar terminology - Specific meaning of "video signal"
Wiener filter yielding negative MSE (and MMSE)
library for computing differential signatures from 2D planar curves
What's the suitable specifications for the FIR filter?
2-way crossover by using MATLAB's $\tt butter()$ and $\tt filter()$
Can IR emitter signal be distorted by curved glass housing around receiver?
Applying Image Filtering (Circular Convolution) in Frequency Domain
Relationship between Wavelet transform and Fourier Power Spectral Density
FFTs of a complex signal - separating the real and imaginary parts
What is the easiest, most straight-forward way to prove this about minimum-phase filters?
How do I align a face for preprocessing
Spectral window when FFT is not a power of 2
Explain FFT indexing with respect to bit reversal and digital reversal of fixed 5 indices
What is the use of perception calculation in Speaker Identification?
How can an object move by less than a pixel between two consective frames ?
what's the pass band ripple and stop band attenuation of a digital filter?
Spline-Based Adaptive Interpolation Filters?
Another pitch detection problem
Get spectrum from autocorrelation function using fft()
Average value of power spectral density
FFT starting at zero
Filter an image based on subset
How to choose notch frequencies for filtering line noise?
IQ FM Demodulation of Wow and Flutter Signal in Software
Lloyd Max quantization and clustering : Part 1
Fast method to decompress huffman and arithmetic encoded data
Difference between clustering and quantization : Part 2
Link between DFS, DFT, DTFT
Amplitude cutoff following FFT
what is the suitable design Method to the filter?
Low pass vs band pass filter
Image preprocessing for facial detection->embedding->clustering pipeline
Do you know this phenomenon in DFT?
Question about central spatial moments
FFT and frequency response
Why are there two phases for one dominant frequency?
The physical meaning of comparing the phases of two signals with *different frequency*?
How to calculate the mean/center frequency of the spectrum?
Add pathloss to signal
ROC of this LTI system given $x[n]$ and $y[n]$
How to calculate distance transfrom?
Hybrid Sampling Scheme Idea?
What's the use of the ripple in the Equiripple method and their effect in the filtering process?
What does photon noise mean in digital image processing or computer vision?
What does it mean by DN in salt-pepper noise?
What does mean and variance do in Gaussian noise?
Eigenfilters in Matalb
What are some good images to use when comparing image compression algorithms?
How can I find SNR, PEAQ, and ODG values by comparing two audios?
Detect marker orientation inside an image
How to plot magnitude and phase response of 2 cascaded filters in Matlab?
Finding maximum using DFT
Why does reversing the order of these two transfer functions give me different outputs?
Approach to Determine Short-Term Delay Between Two Signals
What do we mean by Total Factor Space in Audio Processing?
Why the bandwidth of the system with the minimum-order observer is higher than the full-order observer?
Epoching Data with no Events in mne?
Is there a way to determine the quality of an impulse-response relationship?
What is the effect of noise on Shannon entropy?
Using Convolution as Feature Extraction
How to reliably detect the state (opened or closed) of sliding doors from a statically-positioned video stream
Signal Processing for Discrete Events
Different phase response plots using MATLAB's $\tt freqz$ and $\tt fvtool$?
Fourier transform exercise
Calculate the signal's average power
FFT averaging with different block sizes - how to scale the amplitudes
is there upper limit on averaging window size for images?
General form of dilations and translations of wavelet function
feature selection for classification for rare classes
Hermitian FFT vs discrete Fourier transform. Python's $\tt hfft$ vs $\tt fft$
Looking for a file format for lane detection
Classification test by embedding true positives in high frequency recordings
How to shift a signal on the $y$-axis to match another signal in MATLAB
If the mean of a random process is constant, does it imply the process is first order stationary?
Understanding BFSK Modulation (MATLAB/Simulink)
Decimation function implemented in standard C
Centered Fourier transform
Why Frequency Domain conversion is Important in Digital Image Processing?
Rectangular or trapezoidal signal filtering. Beginner
Deconvolve using divsion of FFT of shifted signal in time domain
Is ideal LPF a LTI system? And is it time invariant?
What is the practical meaning of the variance, covariance, mean value?
Why low-pass FIR Equiripple filter is designed with 3 dB of ripple in the pass-band and at least 60 dB of attenuation in the stop-band?
How can understand periodicity of a Signal from frequency domain representation?
Ideal bandpass filter questions
How do you compute for fc and t in modulating an I and Q component
Calculating the spectral centroid of a signal
Get all local maxima of a DFT
How to get the data (pointwise frequency, amplitude and phase) in a FFT performed on ImageJ?
Neural Network: Spectrogram Dimension
Understanding an alternative representation for the difference equation of a FIR filter?
How to calculate Time Delay Estimation?
Transfer function of a PLL Loop Filter that can support a linearly increasing (chirping) frequency
Analyzing a 16-QAM modulated waveform?
How to Enhance this finger print?
Smallest FFT buffer size given zero-padding
Trying to compare two speech samples that have been recorded by smartphones in pockets
Overall system IR: How to do arithmetic with $\delta$ functions?
Looking for good bood suggestion relate dsp and antenna thoery
Which transform most closely mimics the human auditory system?
Performing FFT in Matlab
What is a "functional"?
What's the correct graphical interpretation of a series of MFCC vectors?
Books about signal processing with a biology or health basis
More Simultaneous Dynamic Range with Fixed Point or Floating Point?
Amplitude loss during resampling with IIR
Cepstrum analysis - Cut off frequencies displayed
fundamental frequency contour of a syllable
Impulse response of LTI Systems
Directional derivative
Reading the amplitude values of a FFT in ImageJ
Scaling factor of Discrete Fourier Transform
Sinc function's energy
Manually Windowing an IIR Filter in Matlab
Radar SNR for a LFM Waveform
Find Preamble (pattern) in signal, using Corelation
How to Do Convolution a 2D Signal (Image) and Result of Convolution of Two 1D Filters?
Number of sine and cosine waves in an $N$-point DFT
Detecting a low frequency cue in audio recording
Get dB full scale value of a group of wave samples
How to add the noise covariance matrix of my measurements to tmy 1D kalman filter?
Applying dtw on mfcc
Is there a tool for automatically converting filter implementation forms?
Is interpolation of an audio signal to increase frequency resolution possible?
What are trellis?
Need help implementing DCT Type 4 algorithm
Interpretation of Clarke's Doppler power spectral density
need help about DFT?
If a ($k$-Nearest-Neighbors) kNN algorithm performs very well for low $k$, can I infer something about the data set?
What FPGA development tools recommended for building audio music synthesizers?
Is there any way to measure of Gaussian-ness?
How to do training of the Ant Colony used for classification?
Basic Fourier Series Not Understanding how to interpret n values
Why can Fourier series be used on a non-repetitive function?
Filter results from force measurements
Optical Flow: Method to estimate a very small displacement
FSK: non-integer vs integer rmodulation index, peculiar peaks
Filtering - multiplication in frequency domain
Finding lossless coefficients to multi-tap feedback delayline
Time and frequency domain spreading in CDMA and MC-CDMA?
Relative Computational Complexity for Channelizer Implementations
$n\textrm{ Hz}$ waveform sampled at $m\textrm{ Hz}$ per second
Why is bandwidth always limited in a real (physical) channel?
Given a noise-free channel with limited bandwidth, why is the channel capacity infinite?
Value of power spectral density $N_0$ or effect of scaling bandwidth to SNR
Impact of modulation index in FM
Does the instantaneous frequency contradict the uncertainty principle?
Spectral Effeciency of BPSK
Average bit error and symbol energy
Why can't I add variable covariance noise to this 2D kalman filter?
Beam pattern for a linear array comprised of rectangular transducers
Laplace transform of $f\left(\frac{t - b}{a}\right)$
Regarding the advantages of generalized linear phase filters
bandwidth limited pulse,what window function is it?
What is going wrong with my IDFT program?
Difference between Uniform Linear Array (ULA) 3 dB beamwidth and bearing resolution
How to distort a signal (image) pattern using bilinear interpolation
Looking for cycles of periods longer than the input signal length
Frequency identification as a convex problem
How filter works (in simple terms)?
Quantization Noise for Coherent Sampling - Phase Noise?
What is the rule for manipulating the boundaries of a summation?
Why DFT-SPREAD OFDM has lower PAPR than OFDM?
How can $a_n$ for the trigonometric Fourier series be $0$ for a non-odd square signal?
Is there any Spread Spectrum system that uses Rake with cyclic Prefix?
Effect of windowing on noise
What is this theorem in this formula?
What is a "square window function"?
Fourier series approximation: DC component and fundamental frequency
Need of $\tt abs()$ method when plotting a power spectral density for a given dataset
Position vector of Lukas-Kanade optical flow algorithm
Sine wave in frequency domain on signal analyzer
Simple software low pass filter
Quantifying goodness of amplitude estimation
Causal and non-causal systems in real world
Frequency magnitude distribution of noise
Why do these 2 methods give different solutions?
What method to use for interpolation and extrapolation?
Why root raised cosine filter can eliminate intersymbol interference (ISI) ?
Audio time stretching, without pitch shifting
First-Order Hold Filter Gain
Are the bit-changing frequencies in a binary sequence related to the dft of that sequence?
Differences between low-pass, band-pass, notch filters
Blind deconvolution implementation, Python, Shalvi-Weinstein
Operations applied to functions in time domain and frequency domain
Experimental determination of impulse response function
Spatial sampling frequency equation
Confused with filtering linear chirp signal using band-pass filter
Maximum likelihood estimator of active time delay and passive time delay
Correlation (or something similar) analysis between data with different sampling rates
Optimal window function for amplitude estimation?
PSK Bandwidth for SNR
How to remove spike from the data series?
A query on the non-uniform quantization
How to implement Viola-Jones algorithm in Matlab?
Quadrature Amplitude Modulation: I and Q Same
a-weighting signal without digital filter
What is impulse response (or equivalently the frequency response) of the channel ?
Opencv color segmentation of traffic signs: HSV ranges
Flat fading criterion of OFDM subcarrier spacing
In 1D DCT, why is the input a vector?
Help with a $z$-transfrom Problem
How do you interpret FFT of an FFT of a discrete signal?
Nonnegative or positive band-limited interpolation
Which window function to use for QPSK signal?
Vibration signal analysis of non-stationary movement
The exact definition of dominant frequency?
Want to do shot boundary detection via SVM, what are some good features?
MAD and RMS SNR relation
Why is CDMA not enough for wireless communication?
Equivalence between noise covariance of real and complex models of received signal
Time series forecasting on dsp embedded systems
Which Fourier Transform properties should be applied first when they are combined together?
How to calculate the variation of delay?
Sensing matrix for compressed sensing
Causal Signal - Fourier Transform or Laplace Transform
Why do we need FFT pairs for OFDM?
Finding the four corners of each quadrilateral shapes in an image
Magnitude response and DFT normalization
How does Jpeg encoding affect the final file size of 24BPP RGB and 8BPP grayscale image?
Why are analytic FFT and computational FFT not matching?
Distance from an object.. Where is the camera origine?
In-cylinder combustion pressure
Memory for FIR and IIR
Simplest All Digital GMSK Modulator
Translation property of 2-D discrete Fourier transform
find power of the signal
Acceptable Carrier Frequency Offset for Specific BPSK system
Spectrum Sensing HW
Behavior of tanh IIR filters
How does the PSK demodulator differentiates one carrier from the other in CDMA
GPS C/A Code Time Delay Using Ultrasound
MVDR Beamformer, minimize but do not change pattern in main beam
Channel modelling for wireless body area network
What are advantages of having higher sampling rate of a signal?
Sampling rate vs ADC noise tradeoff
Is there a scientific name for this technique?
Why do digital images use the concept of ‘Stride’?
How do I show that the total system has the impulse response $h[n] = aδ[n] + bδ [n - 1] + cδ [n - 2]$ and determine the constants a,b and c?
How to deal with variations in amplitudes when doing voiced/silence detection?
Construction signal using zero-order-hold
Fractional Delay Filters and Cutoff Frequences
Why doesn't a sudden loud noise sound high pitched?
Why do we need 4 points for homography but 7/8 points for fundamental matrix calculation?
How to compute number of samples in 1 cycle of signal?
Downsampling by non-integer factor Filter requirement
Uniform sample rate
Is there a way to do a DFT with low latency and fine frequency resolution at low frequencies?
removing noise from audio
How to look at Rubidium frequency standard using the oscilloscope?
What would be the variance for complex number?
Corresponding frequency domain filter of spatial domain filter in image processing?
How is multiplexing on FM signals performed?
Why does python's scipy.signal.dimpulse introduce delay in impulse response?
Confusion regarding pdf of circularly symmetric complex gaussian rv
Derivation of downsampling in the frequency domain
How might I go about detecting phase changes in a sine wave of a certain frequency?
How to use Principal component Analysis(PCA) to extract feature from images
The necessity of null subcarrier in OFDM?
FFT of a mirrored array
Complex baseband impulse response
What is full AM used for?
Unable to understand SNR equation in Matlab
Can you detect circles only using the hough line transform?
Convolving a signal with the impulse response of the channel
binary matrices with directional non-zero elements
Suggestions on how to use FIR model in sentence retrieval task
What should be the singal duration in time doamin to correctly measure its frequency using FFT
Shot boundary detection using SVM's
Downsampling in Matlab simple example
Does an equivalent transformation of a signal to a spectrogram image exist in which the phase information is part of the resulting image?
Restriction of Fourier Transform
What kind of filter I should use to remove the oscillations in this autocorrelation function?
How do I go from LPC coefficients to a filter polynomial?
$l_2/l_2$ guarantee on sparse Fourier transform
What is the best file format to save short signal samples?
Parameters of Butterworth filter that approximates the amplitude response of a Gaussian filter?
How does the size of a spectrogram relate to window length and frame rate?
Why OFDM is more appropriate with MIMO than other multiple access method?
Problem in Processing .aif file in Matlab
Should I (and if yes, how can I) assure channel-dependant temporal accuracy in a filterbank?
Given a Vertical Derivative Kernel, Find the output image after K is applied to the above input image
VLFEat: How to extract the SIFT descriptor without SIFT feature detection?
$\tt fft$ vs. $\tt fftshift$ in MATLAB: Please explain
How does direction finding work when using GMS mobile station and additional handset?
Easy PSNR and SSIM calculation?
Would a visible light beamforming "telescope" be feasible?
What is the meaning of $l_p$ norm in this model for sparse channel estimation?
Is the basis of the sparse signal assumed known in compressed sensing?
Laplace transform of product of signal and impulse train
Estimating confidence intervals for the mean value
How can l extract characters withe same bounding box size?
Video stabilization using Lucas-Kanade method
why does quantisation noise sound like white noise?
Fequency Domain Oversampling - decimating when going back to time domain
Why is "$1/\mathrm{Hz}$" unchanged while converting$\mathrm{V}^2/\mathrm{Hz}$ to $\mathrm{dB}/\mathrm{Hz}$?
Confusion in Channel Encoding and Convolutional Encoding
Exponential moving average cut-off frequency
Reconstructing Signal From Its Cyclic Autocorrelation
What is the best way to determine the process noise matrix $\mathbf Q$ of a Kalman filter?
MATLAB's $\tt bandpower$ function - How does it work?
Filtering White Noise to Generate Harmonic Signal
How do scaling of the coefficients for the poles of a biquad filter affect the gain?
How to find the period of a noisy signal using MATLAB's $\tt xcorr$?
FFT analysis for Vibration Signal
Can you calculate the absolute/amplitude values of a Fourier transform without complex/imaginary?
Is applying a linear operation to the input and output of a continuous linear operator OK?
On the meaning of s-plane and it's link to a transfer function
Viterbi Decoder without traceback
Continuous Wavelet Transform time vector in python
Orthogonal basis of signal space and the projection of white noise
Signal Processing and Emotion Recognition
Most accurate way to find RMS of signals fundamental
Given a Horizontal Derivative Kernel What Would Be the Output Image?
frequency translation or pitch shifting through linear interpolation in frequency domain
Filter image in Fourier space imaginary components after ifft (R)
How Can I Use MATLAB to Solve a Total Variation Denoising Problem?
Resampling of signal with non uniform sampling frequency
Triaxial accelerometer to single signal
How to detect the singular value with signal processing technology?
Filtering an acceleration signal
problem with decimate in scipy 0.18
(How to ask a Homework Question): Define poles by using proportional controller
Why is aliasing inherently non-linear?
Sub-band factor 0.5 in uniform filterbank
Signal processing research idea
What Is the Difference between RLS, LMS and Wiener Filter? When Is One Preferred Over Another?
Filtering signal with added noise (frequencies known)
Convolution and Deconvolution in C
FIR and downsampling
Machine learning to find an optimal set of parameters for a segmentation algorithm
Confusion in GMSK Demodulation
FFT processing gain
Why would one use a Hann or Bartlett window?
Kalman Filter - Gaussian representation
Applying estimated transfer function to a signal
When can the $\mathcal Z$-transform be inverted? When not?
Conjugate symmetry of real-coefficient filters in Oppenheime's Discrete Time Signal Processing
Relationship between time average and cross spectrum
IIR filtering vs IFFT filtering by zero binning and making bandpass IIR filters with high sample rates?
Why is my NLMS filter off by +/- 2?
Infinite extent of spectrum, but also in time in Oppenheim's Discrete Time Signal Processing?
Near Infra-Red Cameras for Eye-Tracking
derive AR model based on the autocorrelation of jakes model
How can I plot a 3D graph of a given Laplace Transform of a function?
A question about the meaning of pole in time domain
Why do Octave and MATLAB both automatically shift the gray values in this image?
Given a causal LTI system with a transfer function, determine if the system is an all-pass filter
Effect of zero padding an odd symmetric FIR filter in the time domain
A query on Power spectral density (PSD)
How to Apply Least Squares Estimation for Sparse Coefficient Estimation?
Using the system function $H(z)$ to the solve the output of a DT LTI system
Fastest way to subtract known music tracks from live videogame audio stream
Cepstrum of finite impulse train
MATLAB: Implementing Least Squares Estimator for a Given Model
Is This Interpretation of Auxiliary Independent Vector Analysis (AuxIVA) Correct?
SC-FDMA in LTE system
z-transform of $2^k$
Tracking an object in a video with
Capacity of AWGN channel
How are phases dealt with when using FFT with blocks
FIR Filters - Type 3
Allpass Filters - Causal and Stable
Causality and ROC of a stable LTI system
Python butter filter: choosing between analog and digital filter types
FIR Filter - Transfer Function
For extracting the characteristics of the signal what minimum duration should be considered?
What is logarithmic mapping in a filter bank such as the one in the human ear?
GMSK Big error in demodulation MatLAB Simulink
Logarithmic Spacing
What is advantage of Logarithmic Sampling?
How do FIR filters roll offs with no poles
Prewitt operator and central difference?
How to prepare and plot unequally spaced, irregular data to a contour plot or similar with MATLAB
How to Add Group Delay?
OFDM Preamble Ripple Structure in Frequency Domain
Best Method to Separate square wave and smooth wave
Applying a frequency filter in dB onto an audio wav file in the frequency domain
What is the Fourier Transform of a constant signal?
What does correcting IQ do?
How much can we downsample by? and how much can we upsample by?
Dot or point pattern recognition for Braille Paper
What happens when I try to resample a speech recording from 8kHz to 16kHz?
frequency domain zero padding in OFDM
How to implement a digital sawtooth oscillator?
Is the phase of a digital filter always an odd function from $[-\pi, \pi]$
Terminologies - lags, order in time series model
Least Squares FIR for Type II
Signal to Quantization Noise Ratio (SQNR)
Calculating values of frequency bins in Python
Factor $|a|^{-1/2}$ in definition of mother wavelets
DTFT of $ f[k] = 3^k u(-k-1)$
FFT Background subtraction in MATLAB
Representing a positive 0-limiting continuous time domain function, in terms of spectral samples, outside of a window
How to get the Fourier series using Python's $\tt fft$
Maths behind why removing values from DFT is not a brick wall filter
What is the relation between windowing and hopping in audio DSP
Is sum of period samples in the DSP domain?
Suggesting method for removing noise and image restoration?
Do DCT results contain phase spectrum?
How to detect lines arranged in a visual pattern in an image?
estimating spectral optimization
Find transfer function from root locus and step response diagram?
What is the difference between image restoration and image reconstruction?
Is the STFT a good solution to guitar monophonic pitch detection?
Reducing the number of data points of an FFT
FIR filter design with flat passband but equi-ripple stop-band
Using k Nearest Neighbour & Dynamic Time Warping for keyword spotting
Beginner BPSK demodulation question
How is a continuous spectrum for the DTFT possible?
Correlation of two signals at different sample rate
Latency handling at filter output
What are two different continuous-time signals when sampled at $10\textrm{ Hz}$ would produce the sequence $x(n)=\cos(n\pi/8)$?
Taking audio frequency and picking out peaks (Peak Detection)
Galois Field implementation
Learner level information on Kalman filtering for different input kinds
Guitar pitch detection with autocorrelation
Resampling time series to regular array, then downsampling (Butterworth)
How to implement compressed sensing reconstruction?
Adaptive equalizer for BPSK signals with frequency offset
Filtering an Audio File in MATLAB
Parameters of Gaussian Kernel in the Context of Image Convolution
SNR calculation time domain data
Brief introduction to wireless communication and communication terminologies
Neural Networks for rotated character (or shape) recognition
Sobel filter weird output
Brownian noise is integration of gaussian or uniform white noise?
What is an Intuitive Explanation of the Phase of a Signal
how to understand frequncy response and lowpass filter?
Sinusoid format
Creation of Brownian noise as random walk
Do I need to bandpass filter the signal before applying the Zoom FFT algorithm?
Help detecting target in pulsed radar signal
Fourier transform for non-sinusoidal signal
Better way to mute fundamental baseband frequency?
Why do digital modulation when the signal entering the channel is analog?
How to apply Prewitt Edge Detection algorithm on a given image?
Best Metric to Compare Sparsity of Vectors
Why does Hilbert filter distorts the shape of the signal?
How can i measure soundcard latency?
Using recursive least square filter
Why is not Fourier Transform Good for Non-linear Processes
difference between GMSK (Gaussian Minimum shift keying) and GFSK (Gaussain frequency shift keying)
Trouble with fixed-point arithmetic 2nd order IIR implementation in c
Zigbee Transceiver Using OQPSK Modulation under Fading Channels
Standard deviation is varying with change in amplitude of DC signal
Is there a way to extract the difference between the 2 signals? Fitting?
FFT and number of samples relations
Average FFT Magnitude in bins
Calculate average mean FFT Magnitude in bins
MATLAB: Fourier transform vs $\tt lsim$, results don't match
How to "draw" the function/wave to send symbols using QAM?
Delaying output equals FIR filtering?
Notation of an LTI system consisting of LTI filters
Determining the final value of the output of a discrete system
Dynamic Time Warping of inverted binary signals
Guitar fundamental frequency vs pitch
Windowed Sinc filter in python
Window size and DFT size
Bandwidth vs. sampling rate of DAC
Weird note structure on guitar audio waveform
Successive dynamic time warping with a set of window sizes
Confusion in Phase Shift Keying
$ \frac{1}{f^2} $ Weighting for Least Squares FIR
Is there an asymmetric crypto analog to direct sequence spread spectrum?
Processing delay window-function
why 2 vectors are not the same in matlab?
Uncorrelated and zero mean image noise
How the increasing of sampling frequency in OFDM didn't cause increase on the required channel bandwidth
Specific Frequency Resolution
Octave error - STFT parameters when detecting pitch in guitar audio signals
Estimating exterior camera parameters by matching lines using least square estimations (Lowe, 1991)
In Kalman filters why is it necessary to transform the systems dynamics matrix to the state transition matrix?
Does the use of a sparse basis in Compressed Sensing imply the need to have access to all the information beforehand?
Constellation diagram for QPSK modulation
Image feature extraction for discrimination
High performance DSP processor with better on-chip memory
Loss in converting YUV to PNG
What are the drawbacks of Harris corner detector?
Is it possible to do deconvolution with two data sets that have different sampling rates?
Usage of a TI DSP EVM and ADC card
Compensate for residual resampling error with a quadratic phase vs frequency- possible?
Implementing a Band-Pass Filter from Scratch
ICA for blind source separation clarification question
Is there a program to extract features from an audio signal?
Is image padding really necessary while using a filter?
Under what conditions do the phase margin and Nyquist criteria give the same results?
Estimate transfer function from Bode curve
First derivative analog filter
Deriving Frequency Response for 2-pole Zero-Delay Feedback State Variable Filter
How to extract prosodic cues from a wav file using Python
How to interpret an Ambiguity function
Wav To Spectrogram, Back To Wav
How do I filter audio with modified spectrogram?
I want to find the first period $T_0$ in a signal $x[n]$ and save it to a vector?
Envelope behavior dIfference between QPSK, OQPSK and $\pi/4$-QPSK
What means ideal integrator in this MIMO system state diagram?
What does epoch mean in EEG?
Is sampling a Fourier transformed signal and fourier transforming a sampled signal the same?
How doesn't JPEG huffman table contain 256 codes?
From FFT to PSD using Pwelch Matlab
How to combine bins of my DFT
How to design all-pass filter by specifying phase requirements?
how does box filter using cumulative sum same as mean filter?
Pose-invariant face detection and recognition
Compression Sensing for Blind Source Separation
How do I analyze a music file ( only contains 5 seconds of note A) using the FFT plot to determine the note being played?
Uncovering data from noise
How to use frame based audio features for machine learning
Quantization of analog sound signals
Deep learning model for phone recognition - issues with dimension the model
Whitened Matched Filter
NAN coming after Band Pass Filtering in MATLAB
Can you give example applications using single bin sliding DFT?
Zeros inserted in QAM Constellation
Why sampling rate is not an option with normalized frequency in Matlab Filter Designer
High-pass filter in Python (Scipy)
Correct color values on image taken with no infrared filter
Motivation of time-frequency analysis
frequency folding due to aliasing in FFT
Calculate lines of the Inverse of Autocorrelation Matrix
Frequency of Signal of a point tracked in a video?
Calculate the harmonics in the power supply of $50\textrm{ Hz}$ using FFT
How use FIR filter for simulating an integral implemented using the trapezoidal integration?
Laplace Transform of $f(t+a), a>0$ where $f(t)$ is not periodic
Frequency spectrum of complex equivalent Baseband Signal - Frequency Content around carrier frequency
How to normalize output of $\tt scipy.signal.correlate$
If I line in the sound from a video game console, can I detect when a sound is played?
Demodulation distortion in single-sideband and double-sideband
Different way to separate a particular frequency from a signal
Does one ever store audio in mp3s with one channel being inverted?
How can I find the transfer function from this Bode diagram?
Should I ever pick the continuous wavelet transform over the discrete one? DWT vs CWT vs STFT
Step response of a differentiating system
Understanding of Random Process, Random Variable and Probability Density Function
Generating sound of particular frequency matlab
Which is the most suitable programming language for image processing in scientific researches?
Fourier Slice Theorem - Reconstruction Fourier Space
Log vs. linear frequency scales of Fourier and wavelet transforms
Two real time signals convolving
What is the optimal Wiener-filter for this purpose?
Educational purpose - What is the correct way to simulate a multipath fading channel which has ISI
Constant modulus algorithm - performance poor?
Implementing an offline guitar monophonic pitch detector
Fourier Transform of a signal using direct integration and properties
Understanding of Random Process/Random Variable
How to Design Nonlinear Phase FIR Filter?
Removing the Multiples of Decrease and Increase in a Spike
Calculating the phase shift between two signals based on samples
What Is Proper Paper and MATLAB Toolbox Describing and Discussing Wavelet, Ridgelet, Curvelet and Contourlet Transforms in Detail?
Impulse response of a continuous system sampled with zero-order hold
Poles and zeros of a transfer function
Difference between MATLAB's $\tt butter$ and my calculated coefficient
Best (Perceptually / Objectively) Super Resolution Methods Out There?
What is sensor drift?
Sequence Length for a Linear Feedback Shift Register
Training a CNN-HMM model
Recognize irregular repetition of unknown feature (stamps at random locations)
How to evaluate Spectral Density of DC component vs. AC component during computing PSD?
Detecting changes across two images
how can i generate an image from the motion vectors given?
FFT of any sinusoidal signal -- how many point fft to take?
Efficient FFT (or SFFT) for adjacent parts of signal with overlap?
Levinson Method
Helmholtz decomposition implementation
Half of fundamental frequency in Fourier transform
Autocorrelation strange results?
Complex Morlet coefficient
How to design bandpass filter in python when centre frequency is greater than sampling frequency?
Pitch salience definition/references
Intuitive interpretation of transform coding
Simple technique to segment out optical disk and vessels from retinography
How to implement bandpass filter on complex valued signal?
Closed form solution for the minimum phase of a continuous magnitude response
Periodic signal filtering: transform from frequency domain doesn't meet expectation
Probability of a random signal being approximately sparse
FFT and IFFT : filtering frequencies
Applying a filter on an audio signal with Python
Interpolation formula for two dimensional signal reconstruction in the frequency domain from polar samples
How to create a swept / chirp signal between a given starting audio signal and a given ending audio signal
Recursive system
Distinguish between chords and single notes
MATLAB: $\tt freqz$ vs $\tt bode$
Effect in Fourier-domain when the signal is "zero-stuffed" in time-domain
Overlap and windowing a signal for signal processing
Magic of twiddle factor in DFT
Determining power spectral density from a sample
Filters using equiripple approximations (different from type I lowpass)
What does this block operator mean?
How to calculate the doppler shift?
Confusion between PSK and QPSK
Filter design to realize Cauchy product
Correct Fish Eye camera Radial Distortion and blurry effect at the image edges
How do I calculate the bandwidth from a waveform?
QAM Constellation Construction - Basic 4/8 QAM
How to insert \ell in text box on figure in matlab?
FFT plot not matching the output wave
Stationary signal: time-domain vs frequency domain
Upsampling - What purpose does the interpolation filter have?
Sub-band partitioning of filter-banks
How to generate sinusoidal images that shift over time
What Is the Meaning of the Term "Frequency Response'' When We Design a Pitch Detector
Finding a change in a signal
How we do frequency shaping and amplitude shaping in hearing aid
Removing cyclic noise from signal
Understanding the definition of mean/autocorrelation
Convert fixed frequency bandwidth samples to time domain
SD of a function of signals
Mesuring the distance between a base line and an object
How to triangulate 2 sources on a 2d plane formed by 4 sensors?
Efficient implementation of filter with impulse response $h_n=\frac{1}{\sqrt{n}}$
Can the overlap-add method be used with varying cut-off frequency filter?
Fourier Transform Identities
Seed Region Growing Threshold
Amplitude not attenuated after bandpass filtering?
Determine filter type (HPF or LPF) by its coefficients
measuring how much signal corrupted by passing from a medium
Stable gain nyquist plot
Can I compute Fourier series without looping through all frequencies?
FIR filter design in matlab using Kaiser window (using 'fir1' and 'designfilt')
Edge linking by adaptive mathematical morphology
How to get the phase offset from the instantaneous phase
Calculation of the salience function (Klapuri 2006)
Two-sided impulse response and its inverse in real life
How to Reverse Color Quantization?
What is the relationship between scales and frequency in a Morlet wavelet transform?
SNR of a 16-bit DSP with 12-bit ADC, 40-bit accumulator
A question regarding z transform and its magnitude response
Random signals as power signals
Mid/Side encoding/decoding in frequency domain instead of time domain
What is normalized frequency
How is the simplified version of the Bromwich inverse Laplace transform integral derived?
Spectral subtraction - Python
Are there any signal processing libraries that implement TD-PSOLA?
Help with Determinants
Convert 16-bit wav file to 12-bit raw audio file
Steady State of a Difference Equation using MATLAB
Linear difference equation
Magnetometer coil equalization
How to choose the frequency grid when using DFT with numpy (FFT)
highpass filter design in Matlab
MATLAB phase of 2D rectangular pulse's Fourier transform
What are some of the differences between DFT and FFT that make FFT so fast?
How do I modulate complex time domain signal to a carrier frequency?
Why the energy is a good feature extraction for detect disturbances in signal processing?
Effect of aliasing when sampling at higher rate
Is there any literature discussing PDF after quantization?
What is the transfer function of a moving average?
MFCC delta: How to compute delta, in real time, with no future frames?
Filtering for Wright-Fisher HMM
Using a Kalman filter to predict samples between measurements
Issue with the time vector returned by $\tt signal.spectrogram$ function
Does a simple photograph contain more information than a complex painting?
What is beat-synchronous chroma?
Using image processing for reading logarithmic table
Why does this image look so bad when dithered with a certain palette?
Simple way to replicate bloom (glow) effect in image using Matlab?
Solving a Convolution Problem
Shannon formula, why square the channel gain?
How can i create a low pass filter in matlab
FFT equivalent for generalized unitary transforms
Are the FFT coefficients symmetric in image processing?
MATLAB Implementation of Karplus Strong algorithm with filter function?
Why do I hear a "blip" at the end of an audio clip of a sinusoid?
How do I properly do gamut mapping for an image?
Bit plane slicing in python
Forward Backward filter Scipy - $\tt signal.filtfilt$ changes the amplitude when $\tt signal.butter$ is used with $\tt btype='high'$
Filter design with zero - pole placement method
LMS and delta impulse response- Equalization concepts
Variance of N samples of Noise
Applying Viterbi algorithm to compensate for ISI in PSK31
derive an average waveform from an FFT spectrum, where all cycles have same shape and period
Is FIR decimation the fastest possible method for integer downsampling?
Confusion in Normalised Bandwidth of a signal
stones' detection in jewel image
Formula of frequency modulated sine wave from data points
Bluetooth Codec (SBC) - Uses a FFT?
Using NMF for guitar pitch detection using fixed pitch template
Determining pulse shape for Viterbi Equalization
Convolution a 3-D signal with 2-D signal
If a Kalman filter can only receive information on $(x, y)$ position, is there any reason to have acceleration as part of the model?
Calculating the inverse filter for the (exponential) sine sweep Method
Noise covariance matrix
Auto-covariance of the product of deterministic and wide-sense stationary signal
Is there an equivalent time-domain operation to the spectrum averaging in Welch's method?
Would anyone be able to help out with the following discrete convolution question?
Calculating penalty to SNR for non-matched filter
Confusion regarding a library of Digital Signal Controller
Converting floating point IIR to fixed point arithmetic, given its difference equation
Why isn't the Hartley Transform more widely used?
Stochastic approximation algorithm
Which filter makes sense for a triggered event?
What Makes a Signal Processing Book Good or Less Good?
Cross Power Spectrum
Determine impulse response given input and output: which ROC?
Downsampling: Mathematical derivation
Pinhole camera model from houdini parameters
Convolving with the frequency response of a filter
Understanding the relation between instantaneous frequency and phase of a sinusoid
Detecting pattern from signal data by gaussian mixture model?
Use of complex numbers to calculate Doppler effect?
Fixed point Error Spectrum Shaping (noise shaping) for biquads
How to obtain the probability of a detection?
Fast & accurate convolution algorithm (like FFT) for high dynamic range?
Filter signal for beamforming and phase response
Numericaly computing an integral in MATLAB
Is it mathematically possible to compute Fourier transform without comparing the signal?
Generalizing the chain rule
Transform coding gain of two channel Haar Wavelet transform (first stage)
Meaning of "Base" in Walsh Hadamard Tranform in Image Processing?
Suggestion for a DSP board to implement a Kalman filter in real-time at a rate of around 4MHz or higher
Why can't music recognition services like Shazam or SoundHound recognize music if its speed is changed by more than 5 percent?
What is homogeneous noise field?
How to transform flat-field corrected spectra to those under Standard illuminant E (ideal equal energy illuminant)
Terminologies - sparse channel, sparse input, compressed sensing
Linear Systems, Sparse Solutions, and $4 \times 4$ Sudoku Algorithm
Smoothing or bigger FFT bins?
How to account for multiple signals in the input to a Kalman filter
Signal amplitude to FFT amplitude
Determining periodic pattern when there is pattern which period is multiple of former
FFT frequency question
Time-varying "impulse response"
Cross-Correlation of two signals each with independent complex Gaussian noise
How to find SPL of a WAV file given a calibration tone in WAV format
Impulse signal function
Low pass filter algorithm origin
What is the optimal filter?
How to calculate the spatial frequency of an image in cycles per image
biphasic Pulse Characterization
How to apply an FFT
Creating a noise model with a fixed PSNR
How to find and fix the delay of a modulation
how to simulate the Johnson noise in ccoomputer?
Definition of minimum-phase system
Non-uniform acquisition to fixed sample rate
How to find out the transfer function of a FIR filter?
Bandpass filters with python for low frequencies
Energy detector based sensing
Signification of alternating signs of imaginary and real part of an FFT
Difference between frequency components and harmonic components - Fourier
FFT frequency bands and filtering
How to convert single output of microphone into multiple values for using fft?
DAC Sinc Roll-off vs Freq
Transmission of sampled signal
Is there a theoretical limit for how much information hiding can be done through watermarking?
Aliasing in audio
Gaussian filter looks pixelated
Meaning of transform's area - Fourier
Find transfer function given impulse
Is this a robust method for analysing correctness of a filtered signal? Is there a more robust method?
PeakEq center frequency does not match frequency response
Compute phase coherence between two eeg signals
Applying Nyquist theorem to digital vs. analog audio quality
Tracking unknown number of signals/coordinates
Design discrete controller for zero steady state error
Problems Using FFT to Compute Impedance in a Model Neuron
autoregressive moving average code implementation
Relation between Bandwidth and Baud-Rate for 8-PSK
Understanding the meaning of amplitude in FFT
Why use cross-spectral density to calculate frequency response?
Rayleigh Fading Simulation
Regarding phase and frequency components in the signal
LTI system with Laplace transform
IIR Lattice Filter in C programming
Can we calculate moments (mean, var, skewness, kurtosis) of a signal in frequency domain?
How can I calculate the entropy of a signal that's not independent from itself?
Is ripples in frequency response of a filter ,result of periodic extension of a signal in time domain thereby producing discontinuities?
Signal Continuation
What does the operator 'Range Detector' do in this block diagram? How can it be modeled?
What is Audio codec in simplified term?
How to include phase noise in sinusoidal kalman filter model?
How to apply statistical algorithms of signal processing to 'regulate' variation of a curve?
How to demodulate DSB-SC
Precision measurement of sine wave amplitude with ADC
What ICA approach is best-suited for semi-blind convolved source separation?
Does Higher Sampling Rate Increase SNR?
Controlling a signals amplitude in the frequency domain
What do I with the sampling period when I inverse $\mathcal Z$-transform?
How to get output from High Pass filter on this signal?
Difference between RMS and a moving RMS
Is Wavelet Transform better than FT if I'm only interested in knowing the frequencies and not interested of when did they happen?
What is the relationship between a digital audio signal and sound pressure level?
Subtracting signals to re-construct the middle
Implement Cepstral analysis in Matlab
How does the earphone cable in a mobile phone pick up the FM reception?
Filter design - Rules of thumb regarding ratio of sampling and stop/pass frequency
Time variance of $y(t)=x(2t)$
Detecting trough widths and locations in 1d signal
LMS algorithm for modeling step-size ambiguity!
Two type of calculating R in steepest-descent modeling algorithm
SNR for channel after equalization
Testing whether a process is a Wiener process
What $\tt h'*h$ means? (where $h=[w_0 \ w_1 \ w_2 \ \ldots]$ are the filter tap weights)
signal saturation
Help in understanding the formula of Signal-to-Noise-Ratio (SNR) - Part 1
NMR spectrum deconvolution on Matlab
What Techniques Are Used for Signal / Image Denoising (Example Image Provided)?
Dirichlet Conditions
Real-time DAQ (Data AcQuisition) device and filtering of voltage signals in audio frequencies
Adding noise in frequency domain vs time domain
How to calculate the FFT period
How to overlap two RAW audio signal
Given an output from a filter how do you find the input?
Normalizing OFDM after IFFT
Values (amplitudes) of the CWT and their relationship to waveform amplitudes?
Digital filter: selection
Spectral baseline distortion simulation - Bruker smile
Sine Wave spectrum showing multiple frequencies - Audacity
Does a 20 kHz sine wave sampled at 44.1 kHz need to be reconstituted before playback?
Is Savitzky-Golay filter a special case of an FIR lowpass filter?
Algorithm to identify pitch-shifted recordings?
Gain of resonating filters
Image cleaning - How to remove line art from a colored image?
How to eliminate matched filter background?
Obtaining databases for speech emotion recognition analysis
Amplitude value after a Discrete-Time integration calculation?
What Are the Types of Deconvolution?
Updating FFT algorithm accordingly when upsampling/resampling
MATLAB optimization for a subroutine function
Distortion in demodulation signal
how gabor filter is used on image texture edge detection
Band edge filter for raised cosine impulse
Computer exercises and solutions in signal processing
Correct scaling for AWGN noise in OFDM system after adding Preambles
Radix-8 butterfly with Winograd and Cooley-Tukey algorithm
BER vs SNR for PAM2
Are all least square filters adaptive?
Multi-taper Coherence, With Tapers=1
Digital modelling of circuits with diode (i.e. guitar distortion)
Avoiding clicks with changing biquad coefficients
finding the duration of a sequence of data
How to extract a signal received from a given angle by two microphones
Why do we need deterministic measurement matrices in compressed sensing?
How to reduce spectral leakage?
harmonics of a signal and FFT
Robust phase extraction of STFT bins
Unbiased estimation of square in presence of Gaussian noise
Digital filter selection for sensor
Maximum Likelihood Estimator (MLE), MMSE and LS - Are All of Them Regressor, Estimator and Predictor?
3D FFT's and Convolutions using FFTW
How does this FLL work?
Resolving two nanosecond pulses with filter
Palm Pilot Graffiti
Multitapering in time domain to obtain smoother filtered signals?
How to use FIR with Kaiser windows for 2D image
A guy is taking pictures of my home and family, how do I decode his license plate?
What kind of signal modulation is more resistant to jamming?
Kalman Filtering with Unknown State Transition Matrix
Synchronizing signals with different sample rates
Zero padding - High amplitude
FIR Filter design by non-equal samples
Difference between Generalized Hough Transform and Cross-correlation Feature Matching
Signal and Space/Time
Could someone please explain how to get frequency response of a given Bode Plot?
How is Point Spread Function (PSF) related to Image Priors in Blind Deconvolution?
Inverse the Hanning Window
Fourier domain: temporal versus spatial
Career Question: As a person who likes math is signal processing a career that's worth it?
How to recover signal repeated throughout other signal?
Output of MATLAB's two-dimensional DWT function $\tt dwt2$
Ideal channel in OFDM simulation
Compute Power Delay Profile (PDP) from Delay Spread
How can I measure the harmonicity of an audio spectrum?
Problem getting IFFT to work
How to find DC bias of periodic signal from samples that include a non-integer number of periods?
Increase power for particular frequencies
confidence interval estimate for coherence
How broad is one DSP engineer's knowledge scope?
What type of coding has been used in this communication?
Difference between rceps and cceps in MATLAB
Iterative Hard Thresholding always thresholds same indices
How to remove weak edges in a binary photo?
Fourier series - time shift and scaling
Time synchronous averaging - MATLAB
AWGN Build vs Randn noise do not match
SNR for complex valued signal and when to use SNR and when to use Eb/N0?
Is it a correct way to calculate the Mean Square Displacement as function of time?
Hilbert Huang Transform: Negative value in instantaneous frequency
Multilevel partial wavelet reconstruction with PyWavelets
Besides computational costs, is filtering, decimating, then filtering different from just filtering?
Find smoothed first derivative from signal with noisy slope
Compute absolute power spectrum in MATLAB
Why did a digital HPF increase the gain of high-frequency signal?
Does a closed loop system with a reference of its previous iteration always reach a point in which it adventually loops, even if that loop is stable?
2D Wavelet Transform Explanation
Autocorrelation and Power Spectral Density (Discrete)
Average Power Spectral Density of PAM signals
Significance of sequency ordering in Walsh-Hadamard matrices
Are the HOG features of the images good enough to do image classification alone? Why are their variances low?
Can I implement a LP filter using DMA?
MIMO System Model in Matlab
discrete cosine transformation (dct-II) own implementation with loops
Denoising short, non-uniformly spaced, bandlmited sequences
Comparison between two Digital Filters
Is there a rule of thumb for selecting the variance of the input?
Digital Signal Processing DSP Overview study documents
The Kernel in the Guided Image Filter
Dominant frequencies of QRS complex
OpenCV denoising a 3x3 pixel pattern noise
How does noise reduction for speech recognition differ from noise reduction that is supposed to make speech more "intelligible" for humans?
How to detect the fuzzy edge in this image?
Fourier Series Coefficients
Understanding overlapping in STFT
Find autocorrelation of exponential signal $a^nu[n]$
Why is no phase information lost when a received signal goes through a mixer?
Why these cross-connections in the allpass filter?
Conjugate reciprocal pairs of zeros and poles in FIR design
Speech recognition: words vs. phonemes
How to implement a FIR filter with correction of group delay on c#?
How to discover the caracteristic frequency of the use of an app by someone
Spectral centroid manipulations
Save Matlab audio output
FMCW radar FFT processing
How to detect overall error between two signals and also track changes occurred
How to sketch the following discrete-time signal?
Why is the median filter called 'edge-preserving'?
Symmetry and mirror of inverse FFT
Video: Who crossed the finishline first?
Creating an Eye Diagram for QPSK Simulation
Convex hull area in pixels
homomorphic filter - python overflow
Proving Convergence of a limit related to Cross-Spectrum Estimation
What does it mean that one frequency aliases another?
Python different autocorrelation with FFT and non-FFT
Anyone know what algorithm the Spice AC Noise Analysis uses?
Plot spectrum of $X(-k)$
implication of sampling and reconstruction theorem
Electromyography: is this interference from the heart/how to remove it?
Reason for decrease in the PSD gain with increase in the number of FFT points
Classifing audio signals to detect fault
Recovering a DSSS signal with poor clock synchronization
What is the type of these signals?
Gaussian noise generation for a given SNR ?
Butterworth high pass filter
Closest two frequencies that can be resolved
Can I assume system is LTI when given by DTFT of impulse response
Complex bandpass filter giving quadrature signal
Non Periodic, Deterministic Power Signals
How to Draw Line at non-integer pixel cooridantes on Image
Analysing mp3 quality with spectrum, how to interpret the results?
DFT of a complex sinusoid
SNR calculation
Viterbi equalization of Fibonacci coding
Can you recommend an efficient encoding algorithm for sound with long periods of silence?
FIR filter digital differentiator with low cutoff
Public datasets of signals
Offset Wall Color From Reflected Image
Mathematics in selection of RC time constant for an envelope detector for AM
2D Image Convolution: Spatial Domain vs. Frequency Domain Convolution in the Computational Complexity Sense
Why does raised cosine pulse through Butterworth filter introduce (significant) ISI?
How to convert multi-band Energy Time Curve (ETC) to Impulse Response (IR)?
Name of peak finding algorithm
PDF of a sum of two RVs by convolution of their samples via fourier transform in Excel
When and how does one use a Wiener filter?
What is the no overload region of a quantizer?
How to create an AR filter in Matlab
What is limit on performance of edge-preserving filters for low signal-to-noise regimes?
Power Spectrum of the Current of Compact Fluorescent Lamp (CFL) Compared to the AC Input
Spectral flatness or Wiener Entropy for AR(1) and AR(2)
Why is the first axis of STFT frequency bin
The Least Norm Solution of Under Determined Linear System
How to analyse anti-causal discrete transfer function using matlab?
Minimal number of additions in convolution
Fourier transform of a Gaussian in Excel returns imaginary coefficients
Is there a special case in which wave atoms convert to curvelets?
Comparison using cross correlation
Compare two wave files
How to take Processing/Scalloping losses in account in SNR/SFDR/THD/SINAD calculations?
Signal processing techniques for an accelerometer signal?
coding gain and shaping gain in SCMA
Source localization in 3d
How is the number of amplitude levels decided in modulation techniques?
Fourier transform
How is a signal multiplied with the window functions?
Noise estimation SNR matrix
How to choose the most appropriate color space for a computer vision application?
Frequency tracking with huge noise
Finite length truncated exponential sequence $\mathcal Z$-transform, zeros over circle explanation
Implementing an analog approximation of an FIR filter given its impulse response
How to obtain a meaningful group delay graph using matlab
Recover IQ samples from signal
What is the time unit of the converted Channel Impulse Response?
Creating a Phantom Sound through 5.1.2 Speaker Configuration
Proper method for generating Channel coefficients in MATLAB
How to scale Phase Transition Diagram for Compressed Sensing?
What do the L, M and S pixel values in the LMS color space stand for exactly?
Why there is no $dxdy$ and $\Delta k_x \Delta k_y$ in MATLAB's $\tt fft2()$ & $\tt ifft2()$ functions?
What is the spectrogram of an impulse response used for?
Signal envelope
How to find Leq for a WAV audio file like an SPL Meter would?
Explain the Adaptive Part of Adaptive Algorithms - Kalman Filter and Least Mean Square / Constant Modulus
Implementing Frequency Domain Convolution in MATLAB (Convolution Theorem)
Down sample incoming stream of data to plot a dynamic graph
How to do an FFT of a line profile obtained by imagej?
What is meant by optimal estimator and how to determine optimality?
Interpretation of steady state sensor signal
Laplace of step and integration are same?
Filtering on a time signal
What is the correct way to do Short term Fourier transform and extract the phase information from local sections of a signal?
MATLAB $\tt pwelch$ unit conversion
what is the difference between buffering and queuing?
Why FFT of a rectangular pulse has imaginary part while the sinc function is real?
Why is LTE either FDD or TDD?
Digital filter for sharp impulse in data
How to properly match bit growth of a FIR filter with a reference value
Scatter Plot of OQPSK
Effects of linear interpolation of a time series on its frequency spectrum
How can I start learning about pitch detection?
YCbCr to jpeg-YCbCr
how last edge image can be achieved from Law masks
Transposed Direct Form II VS Direct Form II IIR filters?
Extended Kalman Filter in mechanics, electronics and hydraulics?
Is it possible to combine two or more Biquads?
homework impulse response of system
Compute RMS value of non-stationary signal
Check if I has right: Is this the Extended Kalman Filter
why butterworth bandpass filter changes signal in the passband?
The essential pre-processing steps in speech signal analysis
Which equation should I use to compute the Extended Kalman Filter?
Relation between Normal Phase Shift of a wave and Phase Modulation
How does bandwidth affect a modulated digital signal?
A few overview questions about FFT. Relationships between input, buffer size, and expected output?
calculating SNR from dbfs (using spectrograms)
Calculating power in frequency band using power spectral density
Destructive interference on the Autocorrelation of the time signal of periodic CPFSK-signals.
Digital Filter Design Accuracy
What is $H_2$ and $H_{\infty}$ control?
What does Fast and Slow Time Weighting signify for real-time audio signal processing?
Number of triggers in a given interval for a given bandwidth limited noise
Predistortion of signal constellation?
Determining Optic Flow - Horn and Schunck - robust/insensitive to …
Parameter estimation of mixture of damped sinusoids
PDF of a Shifted Rectangular Pulse
how to use image filters for spectrograms?
Index of stationarity of a time domain signal
Implementing OFDM with audio signals
Generating inaudible sound waves using MATLAB
Reduce Signal Size to Compare Them
Uncertainty principle - Duration bandwidth principle
Group delay of moving average filter
Convolution Input/output Units
How to perform edge detection on Color(rgb) images,so that we can get output in rgb?
wavwrite with 32 bits per sample seems to overflow?
Identifying an Event based on a Jump in Rolling Variance in Python
FFT of sine signal with phase discontinuities
Compression ratio for 4x4 block
Why dft of moving average impulse response has 0 angle
Typical filter orders
Signal vs. noise at a particular frequency
Time Delay Margin
QPSK Modulated OFDM Symbol after fading channel
Hilbert transformer and minimum-phase
Vibration Analysis by using FFT
Design narrow bandpass filter for signal with high sampling rate
How do I extract data from a gnuradio flowgraph now that the message sinks have been deprecated?
General questions on Kalman filter and difference
Difference between Leaking Factor and Forgetting Factor
Convolution by differentiation property of convolution
Super resolution methods
Correlation as measure of similarity
why is the z transform transfer function 1/(z-1) called an integrator?
How to predict next image in a sequence, or predict the deblurring of an image?
Create images with sub-pixel shift
normalized sum of squared differences
Plotting the spectrum of a continuous sinusoid function
Converting a parallel filterbank to cascade structure
Why cosine is not an eigen signal?
how to implement a one bit quantizer in simulink?
Determining the pattern direction of a bitmap image
periodicity coefficient
How should someone start to learn machine learning and computer vision for mobile applications?
MATLAB Designed Filter Does Not Filter
How DFT is applied to Signals?
How does a digital filter $H(z)=1/(1-z^{-1})$ change a continuous rectangular pulse?
Understanding spectra in polyphase filter banks
Do we really need two cameras for 3D vision?
Video stitching for static scene (infinite loop video)
Filtering Wind Noise From Audio Signal
Proof of Paley-Wiener criterion for causality
Lower digitisation rate for long distance communcation
Does Hamming encoding preserve orthogonality?
CODECS used for VoIP calls
What is the distribution of it?
Is it necessary to scale a signal for quantization noise analysis?
HHT : Toning down noisy data
How to add two signals?
Room impulse response 'noise'
Random (Over) Sampling signal and perfect Reconstruction in Nyquist form?
What is the transmission frequency of mimo antennas?
Understanding 2D FFT result of an image having a pattern
First order low pass filter
Filtered Signal vs File Compression Paradox
What is the meaning of negative second for a Morlet wavelet?
Noise cancellation using RLS filter
What is the general formula for radon back projection for a javascript implementation?
Sending complex signal over a single wire
Images similarity measure using j-divergence
Output of an FIR filter has a peak at the beginning of the signal
Finding Patch Offsets in an Image
1st order filter output
Effect of nonlinear transformation on digital signal
Transfer function and difference equations: why does $H(z)$ numerator polynomial not correspond to $Y(z)$?
Upsampling and Downsampling using IFFT and FFT
Generic response of an IIR filter from its transfer function
Continuous wavelet transform subsampling at lower frequencies?
Fourier transform of attenuated propagating pulse
Downconverting real signal to IQ baseband
In filtered back-projection, what does the $z$-axis in the reconstructed cross-sections represent?
Is it possible to apply a frequency filter a time domain signal?
Changing the number of cycles of an sinusoidal input signal
How to calculate phase for discrete time complex valued signal
Why are Gold codes and Kasami codes used instead of pure m-sequences?
Harmonic Product Spectrum algorithm. I dont understand one step
Correct transfer function with 1st order IIR filter
Filter Implementation
Is there a faster algorithm about this type of FFT
Explanation of fundamental filtering's consequences on signal
Vector parameters in uncountably infinite-dimensional spaces
Clarification concerning power spectral density
Analysis of vibration signals
Super- resolution: Warp Matrix
unsigned audio formats, does DC offset matter?
Analyzing a particular discrete-time LTI system for input signal $x[n]=(1/3)^n$ for *all* $n$
What is a segmentation mask in the paper "Fast Edge Detection Using Structured Forests"
Analysis frequency of the DFT?
Is dirac delta (impulse) signal, a power or energy signal?
Intuitions on Kumaresan-Tufts algorithm for exponential fit
Whats is the difference between FIR/IIR filters and Chebyshev/Butterworth filters
Cross-correlation of two signals using matlab
Doubts and some confusion on variance for complex rv
FMCW Radar: Need for Second stage FFT for velocity determination?
Under what circumstances is a non-uniform quantizer preferable over a uniform quantizer?
compression ratio of pixels block
Compute hilbert transform from DCT- FFTW3 REDFT00
Processing an ECG signal with a median filter
Signal chain for voice calls including adaptive noise cancellation, adaptive echo cancellation, and automatic gain control and their algorithms
Quadtree decomposition of Discrete Wavelet Transform using bio4.4/CDF wavelet
How to evaluate an impulse/response model in MATLAB
RNN as posterior probability estimation in speech recognition with HTK
Real-time FFT Pitch shifting in c#
sparsifying an ECG signal using wavelet
Difference between Fine and Coarse Frequency Offset in OFDM
Bandpass fundamental and harmonics in Matlab
Difference between order and length of a filter
Why prediction by AR model causes time lag
Algo Name: Detecting Elongated Shape in 2D Image by Convolution with Directed Lines
Nagel, 1987, On the estimation of optical flow - attributes of this method
What is an exact measure of sparsity?
Linear Frequency Cepstral Coefficients, is Filter bank needed?
Aliasing in digital communication system
Performance of adaptive filters
Group delay of $H(\omega)= 1- re^{j \theta}e^{ - j \omega} $
Is document image binarization a closed research field
Signal filtering using Python
How to initialize shift registers in polyphase filter based resamplers to avoid or compensate for group delay?
Can't get consistent magnitude response in MATLAB
How do I convert a real baseband signal to a complex baseband signal?
filter function does not filter
Down sampling in the frequency domain
Auto correlation properties of window functions in pulse compression application
Relationship between matrix rank and beamforming
Why Filter Kernel is flipped during convolution process?
consecutive filtered blocks with filtfilt
FIR filter Gain of 0dB at Passband Frequency
DFT of signal with frequency-dependent time shift
Does waveform-based ASR with lowpass filtering preprocessing still require the assumption of FFT?
How to compute beam pattern given a delay-and-sum filter in spectral domain?
Inverse wavelet transform on wavelet coefficients
Filter problems in python
Sufficient conditions for exact signal recovery using OMP?
Lowpass : What is wrong with average filtering?
How to filter out everything but a single frequency in the time domain?
Aliasing due to the Convolution of Gaussian Functions
Subtract a digital filter from another filter
What is the reason for this 'linear "error"'
The higher the sidelobes of a signal frequency spectrum, the greater the "cross-talk" between transmission channels
How to "scale" the FFT when using it to calculate discrete convolution?
Question about convolution of shifted function-simple
Speech recognition question
How to implement Polyphase filter?
Question about correlation of two signals
Conditions for which the Hilbert transform returns a correct phase
Fast way to calculate a few points in convolution?
Confirming what a compression ratio is
Am I violating Nyquist?
What techniques/algorithms can I use to reduce noise when recording audio?
Find cut-off frequency of a filter given its transfer function
Difference between single sided and double sided amplitude spectrum
Identifying license plate number of a thief's car from a Picture
Removing low frequencies from a signal
Attenuating peaks of a signal in a specific direction
Bandwidth enhanced sinusoidal model with oscillators banks
In Plain English, What Are the Within and Between Class Variances in Otsu's Thresholding?
Affine transformation without imwarp
Confusion in FFT of Resampled Data
Objeckt tracking - filter training (MOSSE)
Uniform noise signal
Z-transform of alternating sequence
Why is it called 'multi-level thresholding', if only the best threshold is selected?
edge detection evaluation methods
Would it be possible to reconstruct 3d trajectory of ball projectile using only monocular video
Phase error correction for Fourier transform basis vectors
LTI system $y(t)=x(t-T)$ with or without memory
Deriving statistics of band limited Random Noise
Are there paper about black box testing of optic flow algorithms?
Entropy of enhanced image more than the original image
BIBO stability of $y(t)=\int_{-\infty}^{t}{x(\tau)d\tau}$
Does each pixel of the original image has a corresponding coefficient for every scale and every direction calculated by the DWT?
Modelling of quantization noise with logarithmic steps
Finding notes played in an audio clip
Finding phase from group delay
Estimate a Transfer Function from ARX Models vs. ARIMAX?
Unable to understand the derivation of the update equation for LMS
Can cross-c.(x,y) be positive if signals x and y do not share frequencies?
3D image segmentation
Design a linear-phase FIR filter approximating the magnitude of a given IIR filter
doesn't OFDM inherently deals with ISI? why cyclic prefix is needed?
Why do we express complex noise as Gaussian distributed while the channel is Rayleigh distributed?
Array Signal Processing: What are snapshots in Direction of Arrival estimation?
why companding is used?
Why phase information is usually ignored after Fourier transform?
dB/hz to dB Conversion
Pa^2/Hz to dB/Hz conversion
How does bandwidth relate to the bitrate?
Is my answer incomplete? Checking the stability of a system
Unsure if my unit step function is correct in relation to a diagram
Conditions for finite bandwidth
Can I calculate a half-zero data's FFT from its non-zero front part's FFT?
Buffering block and filter length in real-time processing
Rapid changes in signal correspond to high frequencies - proof
How to find the inverse Z transform of this function in z domain?
Convolution with an impulse response does not give the same result as the frequency response
Calculating frequency shift of short bursts
Which is the Matlab equivalent to IDL's function bytscl?
Matlab, incomplete code for spectrum estimation ; Hamming window, plotting the density against periods rather than frequency bins
Why does this video's audio change depending on the playing device?
discrete fourier transform circular symmetry
Reliably matching a degraded image with the original out of dozens of candidates
Is an extra symbol at the origin of a QAM constellation ok?
Confusion about subtle difference between discrete-time and continuous-time
Auto-correlation of time signals
which of the analog sinusoidal frequency can not pass through the filter?
Capture legitimate huge increase/drop in fuel level from noisy measurements
What is special about the frequency $\omega_0=\pi$ that suddenly causes rate of oscillation decrease?
Differences between FFT from acceleration, velocity and displacement data of a dynamic system
Normalised magnitudes in sliding dft
the dominant frequency is overwritten in every iteration using matlab code
How to Fourier Transform (basic understanding)
Measure the amount of drift in video and audio frames
Why is the DFT of a signal symmetric about its central bin?
finding frequency range and dominant frequency of a stored signal
Why use windowing function instead of truncating the signal to integer amount of periods?
FFT resolution and sampling frequency
Design of a Butterworth lowpass filter in MATLAB
What is the algorithmic latency of STFT processing?
Unscented Kalman Filter Equations for Constant Turn Rate and Velocity Process Model
Why is one of the modulated frequency spikes smaller?
Compute SQNR (Signal to Quantization Noise Ratio)
Study resource for Digital communication
What is the maximum value that can result from a 2D DCT?
Help filtering a logic level signal without degrading transitions
Question related to Deconvolution and Fourier Transform
How to sketch/plot this discrete time signal?
Why a Convolution Matrix Is Called a Kernel?
How to check if the poles of transfer function are stable?
Dynamic Time Warp through SPTK tool
Removing uncommon objects from bunch of images
Plotting frequency spectrum for a signal with 20MHz bandwidth and sampling frequency of 12.5GHz
How does sampling rate impact Discrete-Time Kalman Filter state space modeling assumptions?
Audio signal series' beginning points(about 50) distort after a bandpass filter
Decimation and Upsampling
Pre-emphasizing in speech recognition
Data measuring interface
Software based synchronizing of multiple data streams/sensors with slightly differing sampling rates
Why do signal have mirror signal after pure frequency shift?
Normalization of signal against reference
rank-1 array error using bode function
Sampling and recovery using matlab
Lowpass Lanczos filter
What happens when we reconstruct a signal after its Fourier transform is done and some frequencies are altered?
MPEG Layer I: use of scalefactor and quantizers
Compute dynamic range in a linear quantization system
Interpreting zero-mean Gaussian noise in the context of Kalman Filters
Z transform of a function with delay?
Calculating poles with complex numbers and quadratic equation
Vector based video coding, could it match the latest hybrid coders?
Real-time FIR filtering on time domain
Flat vs frequency selective fading in MC-CDMA?
What is impulse response if i know input and output?
Given the input and the output, how to determine the impulse response?
DSP project suggestion
Does the audio signal in the time domain change much after a RMS from one person to another?
Combining different Likelihoods - Particle Filter
GNURadio Sending Short Packets
Minimal step response overshoot IIR notch filter design
Link between LTI systems and square-integrable functions eigenfunctions
What does it mean when cross correlation between two images occur at negative coordinates
Extended Kalman filter gain
Convert RGB Image to Grayscale and Display It (Python + Matplotlib)
Inter-symbol energy coding
How to transform an aerial image
Does this equation have a closed form
Differential Equation and Transfer Function of Multiple Summer Integrator Block Diagram
Response of Linear System to Stochastic Process
Matlab : Adding noise with regard to signal-to-noise ratio or EbNo?
How to upscale an image without affecting pixel aspect ratio?
Solve for Transfer Function Coefficients Embedded in a Non Linear System
Does the impulse response of a system have any physical meaning?
Meaning and unit of frequency in Laplace (Fourier) transform
Trouble understanding an article about MFCC
How can I take a fixed number of bins after N-point DFT when N is unknown?
data analysis query
Exponential decaying step response in LTI System
Introduction to fast algorithms for time–frequency analysis
How does complex data of an FFT and IQ modulation differ?
computer vision - How to correctly calibrate my camera with a wide angle lens using openCV?
Fourier transform before calculating the phase
How to perform a block-wise frequency down-shift?
Generating data with Gaussian distribution
Inverse DTFT of left-sided sequence
Apply LTI filter to incoming signal stream
Discrete Time Signal Property
Pattern matching methods: Based on Area and Based on features
Delay-and-sum beamforming: implementing steering in C
Comparing two time domain signals in a scale and shift-invariant way
Downsampling and convolution
Can you explain likelihood function in the equation?
Efficient format for 2D signal?
Struggling to implement this simple algorithm for ECG wave delineation
Advantage of complex filtering in multirate applications
What is the difference between Constant-Q Transform and Wavelet Transform and which is better
Calculating bit-error-rate of QPSK data
PSDs and Parseval's theorem
Finding baseline (reference) of nosiy data and lag/lead between 2 signals
Bandwidth confusion
Phase distortion of frequency warping by using Praat
Convolution in frequency domain, what is the output bandwidth
Overview of regression methods between the data
Improving Template Matching Algorithm for OpenCV
Complex IIR to Real IIR
Actual measurements of the influence of fading and multipath on HF radio communication
Analog to digital controller- What sampling rate?
What does "x(n) is complex" mean? (DSP)
Energy Detection Algorithm Uncertainty
How many bytes would I require to store few seconds of fan controller PWM signal?
How can I translate what I have learnt in Transfer Functions to differential equations?
Is there a common name for the first order IIR averaging filter?
How to calculate spectrogram from nonstationary, nonuniformly sampled signal
gnuradio: How can I change the value of the tag exiting the "Correlate Access Code - Tag" block?
An explanation of "phase" of a filter
Product of power signal and energy signal
How to preprocess signals prior cross-correlation?
Image translation
Noise variance calculation for 16APSK Demodulator
How to set borders for image translation
How does transition width of a low-pass filter affect a message which is well within the pass-band?
Circular vs Linear Convolution
ROC of transfer function
Find the nyquist sampling rate?
Note segmentation from pitch values
Normalizing audio waveforms code implementation (Peak, RMS)
Prove the dirac delta contains all frequencies
Determine the Unit Impulse Response of ARMA Filter for 8 First Indices
How to solve this equation (about complex envelope)?
Should the transmitted signal be continuous in FMCW?
Choice of axes in 1D cross-correlation of a signal in a 2D space
Why 1.01 equals -0.75 in Q2
Extract same in phase signal from 3 different sources with shared delayed noise?
perfect sequences
Why zeroes near the unit circle cause a dip in frequency response, while poles cause a peak?
Same z transformed function, but different answers of inverse z transform?
Volterra Kernel Convolution Method
Deterministic method to compute “Process noise covariance matrix, Q” for a Kalman filter when parameter variations of the model is known apriori
Understanding why spectral flatness cannot be computed
What are the pros and cons of wavelet for filtering compared to conventional filters?
Looking for Fastest 2D Convolution in Python on a CPU
Minimum number of Poles and zero of transfer function H(z)?
What does $[-\pi \; \pi]$ band-limited signal mean?
Autoregressive modeling (linear prediction) of electrical transmission lines?
Is acceleration noise modelled differently in EKF and UKF Kalman Filters?
How to calculate the entropy of random normally distributed samples?
What pattern maximises a JPEG file's size?
How i can create ghost on wavelet or seismic trace and then Deghosting that in MATLAB?
How does the 'phase' of a cosine wave become 'pi' when it transitions from positive to negative?
should this be viewed as an impulse response or step response
Derivative filter in Python
Implementing Kalman filter or extended or unscented with only position information
Replacing "e" in Euler's formula with another number
follow up to previous question " is this an impulse response or step response"
Cepstrum calculus disambiguation
What is the relationship between Noise variance and Binary Rate?
Gapped-signals.. How to stitch?
variable factors in Simulimk
Imfilter, FFT-bsed convolution speed
How can the I and Q components of a quatrature signal be different from each other (apart from the 90º phase shift)
Autocorrelation function $R_{yy}(t_1,t_2)$?
Convolution of $\sin(\omega t)$ and $\cos(\omega t)$?
can you suggest me courses to start DSP?
Speaker equalization for white noise
When simulating a voltage divider using wave digital filters I get inversed polarity outputs
2D Convolution in MATLAB Causes Artifacts (Boundary Issues)
How to calculate the phase shift AND time delay of non-periodic signals
obtaning discrete-time system impulse response $h[n]$ from step response $s[n]$
log-likelihhood function for N sample of data
A system that perfoms Fourier Transform operation - is it an LTI system?
What is the physical meaning of Fourier Transform having only $\delta(\omega)$ functions?
Why GCD(1+D, 1+D^2) = 1+D?
Mel separated filter banks
Multiplication of two impulse function $\delta(t)\cdot \delta(t)=?$
What is the significance of a spike like autocorrelation function
What do I lose when I set overlap rate to a really high value in STFT
Extracting a DC value from a sum of sinusoids
Multiplication of fixed-point numbers
Power Spectral Density of a WSS Random Process with 2D Discrete Fourier Transform
What will be the filtered output?
How to perform a gaussian blur using FFT?
Correct way to add AWGN to a signal
Linearity, Causality and Stability of a System
Why is LPCC and LPC used in speech recognition
Frame overlapping
Complex Filter design using Matlab's FDAtool
Show That the Power Spectrum Density Matrix Is Positive Semi Definite (PSD) Matrix
Direct Correlation (DC) Time Delay Estimation: Variance Keeps Decreasing for Increasing SNR?
Inverse Fourier Transform of the real part of fourier transform, and inverse transform of the imaginary part of fourier transform
Modulation and filtering
Can STFT (Short-time Fourier Transform ) be more useful than FFT for analyzing stationary signals under some circumstances?
Does the cv2.waitKey argument determine the frame-rate while capturing a video?
Changing limit of integral make time-variant to time-Invariant system
What distance measure is proper for image patches?
Why is doing fft on a non-stationary signal a problem?
Is this system invertible or not?
Time Variant or Time-Invariant system?
Can linear transforms of vector space be seen as LTI systems?
How does the bandlimit of an image reduce by an octave in Gaussian Pyramid procedure?
Relation between Power Spectral Density and RMS of the signal
Detect circles in image
Find the impulse response of an LTI system?
Image zoom out using Gaussian blur and downsampling
Engine for Google / Browsers to detect manipulated images?
Combining simultaneous measurements of the same signal for better SNR?
How to convert floating point code to fixed point?
Capacity of cascade binary symmetric channels
Nyquist sampling rate
calculating estimate of a state for a system with two observations of the state from different times
Will signal get distorted if channel bandwidth is lesser than the signal bandwidth?
DOA estimation; Music (Multiple Signal Classification) algorithm
Deconvolving known impulse response from a sampled noisy signal
Locating reference audio in longer audio
How to perform 2D image rotation by FFT based image translation using matlab?
Z-transform of an impulse signal in discrete time
can $\frac{1}{H(z)}$ be causal and stable?
Finding good feedback coefficients for basic reverb
How to extract single side of signal spectrum in SIMULINK
How to choose good features for my machine vision application?
MFCC in Speech Recognition and ANN
Why does a simple delay system with $h[n]=\delta[n-n_0]$ have a linear phase?
why does/ doesn't phase count when you analyze a voice signal?
Fourier Transformed a signal $f(t) = \cos(2\pi*4t)*5\cos(2\pi*0.4t)$ but did not get expected results. What went wrong?
Spectrum analysis of a function
Why maximum likelihood estimation method is taken as the benchmark for comparing with other methods?
Does MatLab's `ftt` function gives a Fourier Transformed signal in terms of frequency $f$ or angular frequency $\omega$?
Finding audio signal time delay: cross-correlation vs. impulse response?
Obtaining impulse response by means of cross-correlation between input and output
How to find out amplitude of harmonic after diff type of FT?
Inverse Fourier transform - porting from MATLAB to Python
Circular convolution of length L of sequences of length greater than L
Demodulation on noise
Compressive sensing vs. Sparse coding
Period of a quasiperiodic digital signal
Calculation of cross-correlation of a system with noise
Overshoot computations not matching
Is there anything called uncorrelated filter?
How does `envelope` use the sliding window to determine RMS in MATLAB?
Finding autocorrelation matrix of an autoregressive process AR(1)
Will the capacity of a channel becomes unbounded if i increase its signal-to-noise ratio $S/N$ without limit?
Discrete wavelet transform; how to interpret approximation and detail coefficients?
Calculating gyroscope data from accelerometer and attitude data
Discrepancy between Gaussian FFT and its Fourier Transform
In-Phase and Quadrature components of low-pass equivalent of a band-pass signal?
what does it mean to have a decorrelated colour space?
Is there a filter to remove uncorrelated noise?
Can anyone help me with good reference books for Discrete Wavelet Transform (DWT)
How to detect continuous noise in audio call?
low pass filter in fft
Correct way to simulate Rayleigh fading for indoor environments
Why does increasing FFT length (narrowing bandwidth) not decrease Noise Power per bin?
Different definitions of unit step signal
Understanding the DCT
How to express one image in terms of another one
What is the difference between entropy and entropy rate and which one is important in information theory?
Edge detection in low contrast images
Impulse response of a linear time-variant system
Fastest PC configuration for FFT
wavelength filtering (photos)
Determine whether the system is a FIR or IIR by looking the transfer function
wavelength / RGB valve per pixel
Computing overall bitrate of a transmitter with a two chunks package
How to zoom an image using DCT transform
Model validation after estimation -- system identification -- help with an example in Matlab
Wiener filter modeling
Convolution of even functions is even
Is initializing a digital filter's output with no "momentum" a non-trivial task?
Pattern recognition in time series 4x3000 vector
Deciding for the correct way to calculate coherence time
What is the amplitude range of a spectrogram?
How to improve the linear grey level transformation?
Getting started with wavelet-based real-time anomaly detection for temporal signals using Python
What is the meaning of this notation?
Upsampling before performing pulse shaping
Converting Google's text-to-speech voice to, say, Justin Bieber's voice
Smoothing a Signal which contain White Noise
Identifying origin in convolution table
Underdetermined deconvolution of windowed output
Audio wave amplitude decreased after FIR filter
How is a signal with SNR less than unity demodulated?
Meaning of 'angle' in angle modulation
$\lim \limits_{a \to 0} \frac{1}{a}[u(\frac{t}{a}+\frac{1}{2})-u(\frac{t}{a}-\frac{1}{2})]= \delta(t) $
whether the system is linear or not for the given problem
Closed form expression for $\sum_{k=0}^{n} \alpha^{-k}$?
Separation of overlapping frequencies
Demodulating AM signal from carrier signal on Matlab
Time invariance of a System
Bit-reversal equivalence on IFFT (radix-2 Cooley-Tukey)
FIR filter - remove padded zeros
Difference between filtering using Matlab and filtering using C code generated by Matlab
MMSE Estimation - Fusion of 2 Measurements
Up-converting a sinusoidal signal
Is there a linear filter whose step response is an S-curve?
Why correlation is not associative in the context of image processing?
DT unit impulse function properties proof
Separate Simple Signal into Exponential Components
which filters are these?
FFT of ecg signals
What is the power spectral density after filtering?
Mathematical proof and intuitive reasoning for: $\lim \limits_{\epsilon \to 0} \frac{1}{\pi t}\sin\frac{\pi t}{\epsilon}=\delta(t)$
How to randomly generate a realistic hourly temperature series given historic data
What is stochastic differential equation and its need?
Separate Complicated Signal into Exponential Components
Signal reconstructed using IFFT: amplitude scale larger than input
Looking for a simple and effective notch filter
How to deal with audio with different length in Audio Classification
Problem with calculating recursive equation
Blackman-Tukey periodogram?
Waveform samples and I/Q components
Going from digital to analog filters
Finding angles from an IMU (Quaternions to Eulers)
Periodicity of a constant signal!
Determining height of object from images
Errata for Lyons's DSP book
Bandwidth and Bit rate
What is the definition of the bandwidth of a signal?
How does one compute the band width of a signal in the time domain $x(t)$?
Find the minimum sampling rate
Computing real signal with minimum absolute values from even magnitude spectrum
Is camera magnification a constant?
How to correct phase of Diagonal Volterra kernels obtained with exponential sweep sine?
Synchronizing 2 seperate speech audio signals
Matlab Laplacian filter implementation
Why is there an amplitude difference in Matlab and Python?
Solving a second order difference equation
Methods of scaling FFT power
Question on convolution
Impulse response time period in circular convolution
Implementing the DWT
When does the laugh track kick in?
If a person at rest has an average heart rate between 60 and 100 beats per minute, how manysamples should you plot to obtain 5 beats in the signal?
Impulse response from difference equation without partial fractions
Autocorrelation of two dirac pulses
First Differentatior and Integrator
Should zero element be considered to calculate mean when smoothing spectrogram by window?
How is WSNR (weighted signal to noise ratio) defined?
Phantom harmonics when using cosine windows why do they appear and how to avoid them?
What is the difference between Kalman filter algorithm and stationary Kalman filter algorithm?
How to generate amplitude and Phase values (I,Q) for 8 QAM?
What is proof of Basic Hilbert Transform?
OpenGL Image warping using lookup table
Gain error when performing STFT spectogram of increasing frequency signal
Remove audible click sound from high frequency hopped sound
How do I calculate the step response of a discrete-time system?
Which type of quantization is better?
How do I improve the SNR of my signal given a noise profile (additive noise)?
Texture detection
Efficient computation of inverse FFT of real sequence using half sized FFT or inverse FFT
Intervals of convolution product
Why do we use white noise to estimate echoes?
Best beginner DSP book for developing plugins
Welch spectrogram
position of useful filtered data inside DFT based filtered output
How to quantify delay in filtered output?
Combine FFT's of shorter length than sample data to get spectrum of all data
Computational burden of EMD/Huang-Hilbert vs wavelet
Sub nyquist sampling, required number of samples for time sparse grouped signals
Why do poles in the left half of the S plane make a system stable?
Order of MR Imaging Encoding Steps
Is this system time invariant?
Hilbert Transform of an FM Signal
Unable to understand what notations to use in formulating and example of Maximum likelihood estimation
Char vector Matlab
How to remove artefacts from this image?
MMSE - How to minimize a complex error with respect to a set of real parameters
Frequency Translation in MATLAB
Signal recovery from multiple noisy sensors
How to transform SoundWave Picture to sound?
Significance of an impulse in the frequency domain
Estimating the PSD (Periodogram): How do you find the Expected Value
How i can a 1 Hz resolution fft, from a limited data (between 0 to 100 msec)?
What's the Difference Between UQI and SSIM Measures for Image Similarity / Quality?
How can a changing signal be Fourier transformed?
DWT versus band-pass filter
Determine proper coefficients for the transfer function
Parseval's Theorem for discrete series
What is the $\mathcal{Z}$-transform of a constant?
Removing bright lights from image using Matlab
Controllable realisation of $\frac{s^4+1}{4s^4+2s^3+2s+1}$ is both controllable and observable?
On the symmetry of a $2$-dimensional discrete-time signal
Applications for adaptive and non adaptive histogram equalization
Norm MPEG-1 Layer III (Mp3) Filter banks distortion
Difference in Interpretation: $ω$ (rads/s) vs. $ω$ (rads) and $X(ω)$ vs. $X(e^{jω})$
Position of poles and Stability in $z$ domain
How to do simple extrapolation with Fourier transformation?
Is there a $z$-transform like for variable sampling rate signals?
How to Use the DFT (FFT) to Solve a Least Squares Regularization Problem (Inverse Problem)?
Cartoonize and colorize
low frequency issue with noise spectrum (of derivative)
Combining spectrograms with different windows to getting arbitrary time and frequency resolution
How can I generate offset QPSK symbols from QPSK symbols
Can a unit delay in discrete time be represented by exponential functions?
Where in "Discrete Time Signal Processing" (Oppenheim et al.) can I find the scale-change theorem?
What does "Instantaneous Angle" means
Interpolating the peak of a cross-correlation using a centroid
Why do wavelets integrate to 0 and how do they match a signal?
Perona Malik Noise Estimator using Canny
Radar Imaging Method
causality of the system $y[n] = x(2n)$
How to name every row of 100*2500 matrix in MATLAB?
Random multipath power and delay generation
How left out down-sampling in 3D-DWT just on the Z direction
Can I start testing my NMF with extension on sample that have only one source?
Lock-In Amplifier Sampling Rate
Data representation of largest DCT coefficients
Is there a mathematical method to determine if noise is Gaussian?
How to label sound events in noisy .wav files
Invertibility of Room Impulse Response: Reproducing Research Paper
Downsampling and upsampling of a signal in Python
Applying Jake's remez exchange algorithm for filter design
Least Squares Approximation for FIR Filter Design
Recursive DCT implementation
Modulation Index of Conventional AM Signal
What does it mean when you zero pad data and why does one do it?
FIR filter reverse engineering from step response
How to derive an expression for the optimal importance distribution?
Why does the Kalman filter remove only Gaussian noise?
In Convolutional Neural Nets, what do convolutions look like?
Vibration Acceleration Analysis with FFT and inverse FFT
why this frequency response is added to the power of e?
Computing the decimation ratio between two m-sequences
Properties of Optimization Techniques in Filter Design
Are convolution and multiplexing synonymous?
what does "derivative" means in image processing?
Filter response is changed according to its order
Periodogram Averaging
sampling a sinusoidal signal at the Nyquist rate
From where this Laplace transform for tracking error came?
Question on LSI system
why exponential term neglected in equation?
Recovering DSSS signal from below noise Floor
Confused on the difference between the frequency spectrum of an entire song, and the frequency spectrum of a point in time
Obtaining Subpixel Resolution for Video Processing in Python
Keyword spotting - constant phoneme length
symmetrical wav audio in time domain and Phase spectrum significance
Low pass image filter
$|X(e^{jω})|^2$ - Power or Energy Density?
Why does BLE require twice the bandwidth of Bluetooth Classic?
Reference Code for Positive Basis Pursuit Denoising
Smooth looking spectrogram display
FFT calculation problem
Best focus image of stack
Interpretation of system response to unit impulse
Hilbert transform with a sliding window
Is there in signal processing similar method than Otsu's method in image processing?
What is the meaning of a inner system/transfer function?
Bilinear transformation confusion
What is the suitable mathematical form of the multipath channel impulse response?
Information in GFSK signal
Histogram Counts of a 2d Matrix
Accelerometer to track Potholes
Classify type of motion using decision trees and features
On coloured Gaussian noise
Signal periodicity in discrete-time
How to compute the Laplace transform of a discrete signal?
Suitable sampling rate for triangle wave
Doppler Shift and Wireless Access Points
How to interpret the effect of different windows in short time fourier transform?
Bilinear transformation of continuous time state space system
What should I do know to know the frequency from complex signal?
When does a Window function's sidelobe level become out of band attenuation?
Would the ratio of Autocorrelation value and autocorrelation of noise for different data types be different? in Matlab
Why MATLAB only allows cpsd and mscohere between vectors with the same length?
How to change x-axis from samples to time?
Avoid Aliasing when filming a moving car
Plotting a sampled signals DTFT using its CTFT
How to calculate multiplication of two discrete series
How to overcome effect of intensity variation in image processing?
SSIM index: Clearly explained
Calculating distance between two blobs in a binary image in microns
Design of a filter with given bandwidth and sidelobe level using Parks–McClellan algorithm
Understanding the mathematical proof for the alias frequencies in a sampled sine wave
How do I deal with pixel intensity overflow when performing discrete convolution on an image and the result is greater than 255?
Measuring vibrato rate of a sung note
How to Generate White Gaussian Noise with Known PSD in MATLAB
Hilbert transform properties
Relation between samplingrate and frequency
Is the system $h(t)=\frac{u(t)}{t+1}$ time-variant or time-invariant?
LTI system phase response given $z$-transform
Finite moving average filter
Room Impulse Response Inverse Problem
Interpreting microphone output signal
Image not divisable by 8? (JPEG Compression)
Is the system $y(n)=x(n^2)$ time invariant?
Digital 16-bit PCM audio signal scaling and STFT spectogram amplitude
"Noise Spectral Density" a.k.a "Power Spectral Density" in datasheets
Autoregressive Exogenous model on multiple datasets in MATLAB
Is power density invariant to Fourier Transform? Does it hold through derivation?
Custom ringtone sounds good on computer, can't be heard on phone
Memory requirements for FFT on STM32F103C8
Affine Transformation for matching 2D point sets
Stable digital filter with leading zeroes
FM modulation audio 50 Hz – 16 kHz MATLAB
Where does convolution fit into tracking fluorescent photons using MC models?
Speech signal formant spectrogram. How can we determine F1?
How can I increase the zero-padding on the DFT?
How to determine variance/std deviation of Gaussian noise from measured data
Which is the difference in between the different STFT implementations? (Overlap-shift with zero-padding, overlap-add, overlap-save, etc)
why double desity DWT use two HPF?
Recommendation for studying filters
Design of Reed-Solomon Code where $n < q-1$
Is there any information we can extract from the residual
Possible ways to determine the direction of moving object?
Best way to process this signal
How to compute the power bands of an eeg signal using python?
$\tt awgn$ and $\tt wgn$ functions in MATLAB always output the same signal, no matter what I input as SNR
How to detect and remove ringback-tone and ivrs voice etc from the beginning of an audio call recording
How can I know the type of filter from its cutoff frequency?
FFT of resultant of signals
Spectogram of a signal
$\mathcal Z$-Transformation in Discrete Time
BER based transmitter gain
Delay filters in Python using for loop and $\tt lfilter$
The transform function of a digital FIR filter
Derivative of delta function
Finding if data in array is periodic
Convolution between two unequal length vectors
Implementation of the filter function (Matlab) C/C++
Fourier series coefficient of signal when Time period is twice the fundamental period
what is better: up- or downsampling?
Laplace transform of a time domain sampled data MATLAB
Interpolation techniques for extremely limited hardware
Create an input so that poles show up as outputs?
Resolution and accuracy of a stereo camera
How to determine if the system is linear or nonlinear
Plotting the discrete time signal
Filtering without using any transforms
Phase vocoder, pitch shift in MATLAB and C
fast fourier transform frequency limit
An applied mathematics journal concerning signal processing field
Is there any connection between frequency response of a system and spectrum of a signal?
Relation between erfc and the BER
Correct way to quantize accelerometer data with microsecond precision?
Speech dereverbaration via maximum kurtosis adaptive filtering
How to correctly compute the EEG Frequency Bands with Python?
File size adjustment using FFT
Why use parametric based estimation methods - confusion regarding terms
How to filter this signal $x= \sin(2\pi 10 t)+\sin(2 \pi 40 t)+\sin(2 \pi 50 t)+\sin(2 \pi 60 t)$ using comb filters in time domain?
Feature Extraction of FFT for One Class SVM
How to estimate covariance matrix using Fourier representation?
How to Estimate a Normalized PSD Using the Burg’s Method in MATLAB?
How to reduce frequency resolution for high sampling rate and lot of samples?
How to compute a sweeping cutoff filter in python?
Difference between $\mathbb{E}[\mathbf{x} \mathbf{x}^{\rm{H}}]$ and $\mathbb{E}[(\mathbf{x}-\boldsymbol{\mu}) (\mathbf{x}-\boldsymbol{\mu})^{\rm{H}}]$
Time domain basis
How to generate colored Gaussian noise and adding it to a ODE system - Do I need Euler-Maruyama method?
Remove a known wav file from recorded file
What are poles and zeroes (with respect to the inputs and outputs of a system)?
Windowed Fourier Transform
Making audio clips comparable in terms of RMS
pyrtlsdr: Why is my output different than universal radio hacker?
MATLAB remove noise
Clean noise in neural data - MATLAB
Digital Lowpass Filters, basic questions
how sobel edge detector as a first order derivative is turned to a 2 dim filter?
Neural Network learning project based on 8 wave signals over 1 second at 1 sample every 10 ms ( hence 100Hz )
Explaining a statement regarding aliasing in a document
I have a graph where I need to find a particular point based on sampling
AM modulated signal not centered at carrier frequency
Mathematical relationship between highpass and lowpass filtering
Python's $\tt resample$ vs $\tt resample\_poly$ vs $\tt decimate$
Covariance matrix, Q, for a Kalman filter given the stochastic differential equation for the state of the system?
Typical number of samples per symbol
Impulse response rest conditions of LTI systems
Calculating Stability of Phaser Feedback Loop
Frequency Translation by Band
Why entropy is undefined in low contrast image
Sampling below Nyqust Frequency
How do you show the Discrete Time Fourier Transform of $x[n]=\cos(2\pi f_0n)$ is $ \frac{1}{2} \delta(f+f_0) + \frac{1}{2}\delta(f-f_0)$?
Is there a means to identify/separate multiple out of phase copies of the same frequency?
Is the Auditory Spectrogram the same as the Magnitude Spectrogram?
Are there algorithms to invert a magnitude spectrum?
Speaker diarization tool for acoustic analysis
Autocorrelation function
Linear convolution of discrete signals with defined lengths
what is the use of signal processing in CT scans?
Incorrect Butterworth filter outcome using Rational Transfer Funcion
Consider an ideal low pass filter $H(\omega)$, and the input to this filter is the periodic square wave $x(t)$. Find the output $y(t)$
Wave Shaper Function From A Waveshaped Singal
How do I know if my EEG signal need denoising?
Filter bank for complex spectrum
Smallest sampling frequency to fully reconstruct a signal
Welch's overlapped method for amplitude by frequency estimation
Zero Frequency Basis Equation for Discrete Sine Transform
Discrete Hilbert transform enhancements?
Downsampling a high pass filter
Limiting bandwidth by adjusting sample rate
Hamming Window, python 2.7
Is $y[n] = n x[n]$ an LTI system?
Multiplication of two variables that has different lengths; (MATLAB coding)
Relating transfer functions with step responses
How does a Hermitian FFT work in Numpy?
error variance of frequency and phase estimation using DFT
What is the correct way to handle Saturation on a DSP?
relationship of column of spectrogram to original signal
Power Spectral Density of Brownian Motion despite non-stationary
MATLAB's $\tt cpsd$ and $\tt pwelch$ - different results for cross spectral power density
Confusion regarding model order and lags
What is the effect of the natural logarithm in the frequency domain?
Discrete time inverse fourier transform of cosine squared
Convolution in spatial domain is multiplication in frequency domain
Superdirectivity Beamformer for Circular microphone array
Why are linear phase filters called so, if they provide Constant delay instead of linear
Trying to implement MATLAB $\tt pwelch$ in Python
Transmit data through sound between 2 computers (very close distance)
What are the differences in overtones for hard vs soft materials?
Reconstruction of a signal using an ideal DAC
Video processing to detect a logo in frames
Why doesn't compressive sensing work for any signal?
Does Forward Error Correction (FEC) affect upsampling factor?
Can Binary Content alone affect Noise Performance?
How to calculate the Diagonal loading factor evaluate calculate the inversion of a covariance matrix
Is "Windowed Fourier Transform" a synonym for "STFT"?
How to convolve an arbitrary signal with a causal decaying exponential?
Why make the phase of an FIR filter linear?
Which IIR form has lowest round-off noise?
Some problem with the expression of QAM basis and signal
What is the difference equation or system function of this system?
How FFTW factorizes array length?
How to go from high-res camera capture to low-res camera capture digitally?
Chirp signal FFT
TV Norm - What Would Be the Formula?
Polyphase Filter decomposition. It is not working
Self studying, getting a quality spectrogram
Biquad Treble Shelf filter gain being weird
Why do we need to conjugate complex signals in autocorrelation and cross correlation
Problem identifying the analytic expression of such determined signal
Understanding Nyquist rate
Is a recording of a chord merely a superposition of recordings of its constituent notes?
Band Limited Impulse Train - DC offset correction
How would a Linear Gray Level Transform affect an image?
Transmitting over Unknown Fading Channel
Newbie looking for an interesting introductory book to telecommunication and signals/data processing
What is perfect and imperfect channel?
Hilbert transform of sinusoid -- apparent contradiction
What is the difference between the PSD of a deterministic and stochastic signal?
Real-time wavelet decomposition and reconstruction for ECG feature extraction
DFT of time reversed signal
Is there any optimised algorithm to calculate 2D fourier transform
Convolution effects width of the signal?
Spectral density interpolation: Applications?
What is the meaning of channel capacity?
Pre-emphasis: What is connection between parameter a and 6db/oct?
The error probability of 16QAM
Finding specifications for digital signal processors (DSPs) for given audio application
When inverting a transfer function, solving for the input using the output does the causality status change
Programming the IDWT for image processing
Compressive Sensing: Reconstruct Gap in Antenna Array
Speckle pattern - speckles detection
Power Spectral Density of Digital Modulations
PortAudio: how to generate multiple sounds
periodicity, minimum phase, maximum phase, interpretation
When can the impulse response become zero?
Why does gamma correction of image use two different definitions of gamma?
Pre-emphasis filter for speech recognition
How to change speed of audio samples without changing pitch?
Calculating Transfer Functions From Harmonic Distortion Percentage
Convolution of BPSK signal in frequency domain implementation
RLS Algorithm (Memoryless)
How to calculate the displacement from the measured acceleration data?
Determine filter given transfer function
How to detect curve in chart grid?
Hilbert Spectrum vs. STFT
Are IQ-samples independent from the carrier frequency?
how to describe the color of a small image patch?
why is that filter FIR not IIR
What is the product of Dirac Delta function and $t$?
mpsk demodulation using digital sample
Dimensional analysis in the Morlet wavelet
Servo motor analysis
Minimum possible sampling frequency for continuous time signal
Executing a command based on a Short-Time Fourier Transform Output
How to convert dB back to manitude and then to rectangular format
How is this was derived? DTFT for symmetric pulse
Finding the parameters and endpoints of a sinusoid
Compensating effects of a system with a known transfer function
Improving template with instantaneous amplitude
Determining the Filter Coefficients of an FIR Filter
RF for Data Transmit and Receicve for Beginners
Cramer Rao Lower Bound for Cross Correlation (Time Shift Estimation)
Estimation of filter response
DFT problem help
Why Do Most of The Papers Use the Frobenius Norm for Denoising?
MATLAB's $\tt dsp.ParametricEQFilter$ bandwidth question
Get frequency and amplitude from an audio sample
Which of DFT, DCT and DWT transforms is more robust to noise and geometric transformations in image processing
Remove Noise from Physiological Signals
recognize unwanted sounds, noises, and deleting them algorithm
What are the advantages of Laplace Transform vs Fourier Transform in signal theory?
How does MATLAB recover picture from magnitude spectrum alone?
How to transform a Fractional Order Laplace Transfer Function into a digital filter?
Integral of the Fourier spectrum?
PortAudio: sound fade in/out by scaling sample data
What is Gamma correction - is my beginner's interpretation right?
Processing digital sound in Audiokit to sound like the 1960's
Normalized LMS with a posteriori Error and Woodburry's Matrix Inversion
Mapping Saw Wave That Is Between -1 And 1 To A Sine Wave
How to correctly classify voice from other sound events?
comparison between Fourier transform and autocorrelation function
Transfer function of a frequency shifting system
Why is pitch detection necessary in pitch correction?
Convolution and Modulation Theorem with Octave Example
How to crop a region with smooth edge and without holes?
Image Cross-Correlation interpretation
Is the sum of discrete sinusoids an eigenfunction of an LTI system?
Pitch fluctuates unexpectedly in simple sine function
why did convolution coding achieve BER less than Reed-Solomon?
Bits - symbols mapping in M-PAM beginner question
Calculating gain coefficients for comb filters in Moorer's algorithm
Solving Wiener Hopf integral equation for causal filter of predictor
Why can't a causal digital filter have an infinitely sharp transition between the passband and the stopband?
For a system to be causal, number of finite zeros <= number of finite poles. Why?
What is the theoretical bit error rate for QPSK Matlab simulation when constellation points are transmitted (no symbol duration)?
Gaussian filter as a low pass filter
Extracting absolute temperature values from an Infrared video
How to keep the same power (sonority) between pure sines?
How to Design a Pre-emphasis filter knowing the gain, a zero and a pole?
How to calculate bandwidth of a wire, "air" or other channels?
Is there a way to obtain the original signal (stationary process) from its combination through filtering (matlab) and crosscorrelation?
Highest frequency of collected force signal
Why do we choose cutoff frequency to be taken for "1/sqrt(2) magnitude reduce"?
Filter away sinusoidal noise properly
Why do we need to find the frequency response of FIR filter?
The Spectrum of the Impulse Response of Linear Time Invariant (LTI) System
Playrate change based on sinc interpolation generating phase shift?
Direct form I and Direct form II
Time-Bandwidth Product
How the noise in time domain affect the power in frequency domain after FFT?
What is the point of reprocessing after DSP in a real time plot application?
Detection of signal having gaussian noise with non zero mean and a covariance matrix using Neyman-Pearson Lemma(LRT)
Error plot between known and estimated data
number of cosine waves in DCT
Colorimetry: Gamma/gamut colors Color/color light
Can this be considered wide sense stationary?
How to model fading channels in MATLAB?
2D Fourier transform of Sobel kernel
What does "Lag" mean in terms of Cross Correlation?
Question on the definition of one-sided PSD in AWGN channel
Autocorrelation and PSD
What can i find in a spectrogram?
Features Used for Instrument Recognition?
Mathematical reason for MCPP in audio recognition?
How best to analyse a 130volt +/- 20volt signal?
How to apply Butterworth High Pass Filter
Is it possible to estimate variance of noise for a step answer signal?
Circle fitting for a binary image
The Distribution of Filtered Gaussian White Noise
How to calculate baudrate?
why total energy of a finite duration continuous signal becomes infinite after sampling
Design single pass band FIR filter
Distribution of the output of AWGN channel
Matlab `filtfilt` provides excessive transient
Find the coefficient of an AR-model
How do I deepen my voice (I'm a female) to sound like a man in a video for a school project?
How to get the volume level from PCM audio data?
Optimal Chebyshev FIR filters
MATLAB produces too short output for frequency modulation
Reconstructing the song using its dominant frequencies
How exactly does sound get encoded by a cochlear implant processor?
QPSK on baseband question
Does the DTFT of $\frac{u[n-1]}{n}$ exist?
How to find derivative of an image along a radial direction with an arbitrary center of rotation?
Getting Frequencies Corresponding to Peaks In FFT Plot - MATLAB
Definition of average power?
When Kalman's assumptions are relaxed
Image Shadow Removal Using OpenCV and Python
Line based Extended Kalman Filter for localization : Measurement Jacobian
Is the incoming sample in a standard DPCM already quantized?
Perfect reconstruction of 2 channel filter bank
How to calculate transfer rate and needed bandwidth
Constructing Contour for Star QAM Equalization
Minimum length of windows and separable signals
The origin of constants in mel-scale formula
Is $\mathcal{Z}\{4\delta[n-8]\delta[n-8]\} = 4z^{-16}$?
Loop for computing data
How to find $h[n]$ system response of this equation?
space frequency representation of images in matlab
Real-time implementation of cascaded all-pass filters from given transfer function
Detection over AWGN analysis disagrees with Monte Carlo simulation
Impulse response function from pole-zero graph
Why the Room Impulse Response (RIR) obtained form cepstrum is not correct?
different moving average filters differences
Capacity region of 'symbol asynchronous' Gaussian multiple access channel
Get difference equation of a filter from MATLAB transfer function coefficients
Periodic signal checking when using $\Sigma$
Conversion between Eb/N0 and SNR in spread-spectrum modulation like LoRa CSS?
Least Squares Linear Phase FIR Filter Design
Why are analytic signals so important in Time-frequency analysis?
Determine if two signals are the same?
taking FFT from DCT
Given a set of lines, find only those who are parallel (perspective)
Approximate the change in perceived gain from applying transfer function to audio signal
formula derivation for periodic signal power
Manipulating RGB color by copying channel value
Amplitude of first harmonic of a square wave, $2/\pi$ or $4/\pi$?
How to Mesure the smoothness of a signal
What is the phase coded modulation?
How to make bode plot when output signal changes amplitude?
Line Detection with OpenCV and Python
What is the name of this digital low pass filter?
Remove high resolution spurious peaks from sinusoidal signal
Filter length in a Filtered-OFDM system
Optimization‏ FIR filter
Why is Scipy implementation of Hilbert() function different from Matlab implementation of the function?
Avoiding "RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in log10" when converting FFT data to dBFS
How to eliminate negative frequencies from IQ signal
Use of an impulse-response system to model sediment transport along a river reach
"fred harris rule of thumb":
struggling to understand why Fourier basis is orthogonal
Interpretation of instaneous time and instaneous frequency in time-frequency plane?
Is system $h(t) = u(t)-u(t-1)$ LTI or not?
MatLab - Can not detect all lines in a "simple" image using houghlines
Cross-correlation - Why is there a complex part after FFT/IFFT when deleting the mirrored part of the spectrum?
How much will a low/high pass filter reintroduce quantization noise into a dithered signal?
Join 2 NMF models where dictionaries has hierarchical structure
How to add awgn noise to a signal in Fourier domain for given SNR
Fourier transform of function division in time domain
What does G(1) = 1 say about a system?
Real-time oscillation-like noise filtering
Convolution including $\delta(t-5)$
Inverse system of a system with integral
How to determine the poles from a graph
Temporal Orthogonality
derivation of discrete Fourier Transform
Is $y[n]=x[n] * x[n^2]$ invertible?
Variance of deterministic sine wave
Convolution of delta function in discrete time with parameter
Transient response of system with single pole $0 \le p < 1$
What is the main difference between the acoustic and electromagnetic waves?
Unclear inverse Z-transform of $G(z) = \frac{1-p}{z-p}$
What's a good way to draw signals and systems diagrams as an instructor?
Counting pixel connectivity groups
Fourier Series of Aperiodic convolution of periodic functions
In the formula for the windowed Fourier transform, why is the complex-exponential term not time-shifted to the position of the window?
variance in the time domain versus variance in frequency domain
Estimate mean amplitude in frequency range using fft
Second moment properties (covariance) of lag window estimator
understanding a signal from its mathematical formula
How to measure distance between two 3d objects using cameras
Why is TV static noise always black and white?
Single Side band Phase noise
Is the output of function of two ergodic processes ergodic?
Dimensional analysis of integrated white noise process
Extract breaths from respiratory signal, i.e. peak detection
Extracted envelope via Hilbert Transform is tracking the signal
convolution of two signals with different step responses
Does the sound volume affects the MP3 file size?
Is Phase Locked Loop is essential for BPSK signal reception?
How to derivate in the frequency domain
How to best separate my signal into frequency regions?
How many multiplications and additions does it take to compute an FFT of a signal?
DFT of a unit step
Received Signal Error vs. BER
What motion estimation techniques that could estimate the motion of every pixel?
Discrete-time Fourier Transform of the unit step sequence $u[n]$
Pade Approximation of dead time
Block normalization of histogram of oriented gradient
Clarification on how bandwidth effects input signal
Transition bands and passband gain in digital filter design
Why does noise prevent a (kalman) filter from diverging?
On-Chip DFT Engine vs Software DFT
DTFT fourier transform (modified property)
Can someone explain waveshaping to me?
Estimate sampling frequency given an array of values
What is DC level in white gaussian noise?
Why is $y(t)=x(t/2)$ a non-causal system?
Complexity of FFT derivation
determine the impulse response of given second order difference equation
Where is the flaw in this derivation of the DTFT of the unit step sequence $u[n]$?
Analog Integrator Sampling Rate
Phase response approaches towards the zeros
What do high and low order have a meaning in FIR filter?
Compensate for FIR filter attenuation
How to Combine 8 N/8 FFT's into one N FFT
scipy.signal.spectrogram
Length of DFT and Number of Filters
Deriving the CRLB for an active system with non-square shaped bandwidth
DC bias of waveform
Estimating discrete filter attenuation error
How is angle of arrival estimated?
Does only filter coefficients can represent it's own filter characteristic?
Matlab produces two unknown spikes in custom FFT
AWGN channel matrix
Phase spectrum of 2D real function
Should I use window or any filtering to average my data?
Are there analogues to orthogonal transformations in non-orientable surfaces?
Maximum dB SPL from a digital microphone
What happens on signal during aliasing?
Is it possible to calculate the optical flow magnitude for rigid motion?
What is the difference between `image normalization`, `contrast stretching` and `histogram equalization`?
proof of Autocorrelation property of DFT
Finding the correct $x[n]$ from a given DFT $x[k]$
Find step response for LTI system represented by the following impulse response?
What do we achieve by using PAM symbols symmetrical with respect to 0?
"Capacity" concept in Shannon Theorem
Camera calibration and extrinsic parameters for perspective transformation
Mathematical equation for the sound wave that a piano makes
Relation between time domain, DTFT domain and frequency domain
Is there a name for $f(x) = |x|^n \cdot \operatorname{sgn}(x)$?
Does the Nyquist Sampling Theorem hold for a triangular wave?
FM signal detection
Matlab: Radix 2 FFT with 8 Channels and High Number of Inputs
Calculate SpO₂ value from raw fingertip plethysmography (PPG)
Evaluating different inputs into a given system
How to compare binary signals with different lengths
Signal view from two different receivers (of the same model)
Fourier Transform frequency translation property in practical applications
Finding polynomial approximations of a sine wave
Shannon capacity with distribution different from Gaussian
Make use of a color scale in a random map
What is difference between along the edge and across the edge
Drawing the modulus from a Transfer function
fft - spectral leakage from noise into target frequency?
Minimum time delay that can be estimated between two sensors
Solving for impulse response h[n] given input-output pairs
Linear-Phase FIR filters
BIBO Stability of a piecewise function
Bitmap comparison bounded by limitations in human visual perception?
Audio texture analysis for visualization
Sampling theory
Properly interpreting FFT output
Time shifting and time reversal
Decimation and filtering in the frequency domain
Applying the inverse FFT to even out a room's sound - What is the more efficient algorithm?
Integer Wavelet with Only Positive coefficients
Removing noise from PCM file
Butterworth low pass filter zeros location after bilinear transformation explanation
What is the advantage of using Bessel function as the basis in a Hankel Transform?
Discrete vs Continuous Signal
Calculating 1/3 Octave Spectrum from FFT / DFT
compensation for irregular timestep for FFT
Design Lowpass Filter With -7.5 dB/Octave Rolloff
How to minimize peak-to-peak amplitude of periodic waveform through FFT phase shifts?
Why does FFT output need to conjugate processing?
DFT shift theorem proof
Angle harmonic distortion in FM modulation
Impulse Response to LTI
Hardware selection for acquiring signal in digital form
How to obtain impulse response from a plot of magnitude of frequency response?
how can we represent a Big Data set in Graph Signals. (Big Data in Graph signal Processing)
FM demodulation
historical context of impulse response-convolution
Does receiver always know about the noise level in real world application?
How to model airborne sound channel
how to evaluate derivative of convolution integral?
Making sense of Haar transform and inverse Haar transform
Basic sampling excercise - unsure of rationale informing np.arange parameters for time array
DCT vs DST for image compression
How to find inverse of convolution integral?
FFT on non-periodic signal and signal power at each harmonic - is there a more robust approach?
Origin of brightness artifacts in intensity resolution compressed images
Find Fourier Transform of signal that satisfies this equation
Causality, Linearity, and Time Invariance for Systems Described by Linear Constant Coefficient Differential Equations
Time-invariance, causality and stability of $h(t)$ of four given systems
What is the largest "safe" order for the digital Butterworth filter of a given signal?
Pitch estimation using the autocorrelation method
FFT uncertainity in frequency
Doubt about wide sense stationary random process
Cross Correlation in Java (Android) Using FFT (Frequency Domain Convolution / Correlation)
Can I use IIR or FIR to get a sliding mean?
Low pass and High pass filter Coefficient
Finding the Width of a Point Spread Function (PSF)
How do I find the ROC of a system if it has no poles
How do I stabilize my oscillating system?
Time-variance and causality of $y(t)=\sum_{k=-\infty}^{+\infty}x(t)\delta(t-kT)$
Use of the Dirac delta as a sampling operator
Inverse DTFT of $H_1(\Omega)=\begin{cases} 10,& \frac{\pi}{3} \leq |\Omega| < \pi\\ 0,& 0 \leq |\Omega| < \frac{\pi}{3}\\ \end{cases}$
Can I combine an IIR (an EWMA) with a maximum?
A 23 kHz sine wave sampled at 48 kHz, then FFT
sum of two periodic signals with different length
Finding filaments in an image
Equation for impulse train
Is it possible to get the velocity vector for tangential movement using radar?
3D world homography matrix calculation
IDTFT of $\sum_{k=-\infty}^{+\infty}(u(\Omega+\pi)+u(\Omega+\frac{\pi}{4})-u(\Omega-\frac{\pi}{4})-u(\Omega-\pi))\star \delta(\Omega-2k\pi)$
What will be the code for this following signal in MATLAB?
Marginal Stability based on Poles
Multirate Signal processing for matching DAC of the SDR
2-D parameter vector: Cramer Rao lower bound
Power or Energy Signal of $x(t) = t \cdot u(t)$
FFT of two sets of samples vs FFT of sum of samples
Haar Training with object Blacked out in Negative Samples
Where does this star came from? [EDIT - Detailed Question]
Proof of $E[y(n)]=E[x(n)] \, \sum h(k)$
About how to increase the FIR filter sampling frequency in FPGA? And what is the tradeoff of increasing the sampling frequency?
Minimizing profile curvature of 2D image
Extracting the carrier signal from AM
Calculating output of a system given impulse response and input
How to understand FFT results of scipy.fftpack?
What is the difference between the sampling frequency of signal and sampling frequency of filter
Determine the stability of a system without using the $\mathcal Z$-transform (described by a difference equation)
Apply butterworth filter (lowpass) to a signal
Cyclic convolution between two matrices in matlab
Is it possible to make 3D point cloud with RADAR?
Correct Radar Range Equation for SNR at Detection
Radar Pulse Compression Gain (PCR)
Is it possible to detect that sound source is playback of a recording?
Non-uniform resampling - spacing between output samples given speed factors
i want to mute a particular frequency in real time audio
Subcarrier spacing in OFDM
Why is the second-order-section cascade approach giving "worse" results?
Removing mean from signal massively distorts FFT
QPSK fundamental
Pulse wave question
Inverse Fast Fourier with overlap
zernik moments and Local binary pattern
Determine minimum sample rate for continuous sinusoid
Estimate standard deviation of random-walk using Kalman filter
How can I decide proper FFT length(size)?
IQ data QPSK Demodulation
Weird noise floor slope when capturing with USRP E310
Approximating a Gaussian Process
Basis signals for the discrete-time Fourier Series
Artifacts signal conversion from float to integer
Rationally related frequencies and the Fourier Series representation
Finding the fundamental frequency of a periodic signal
How to generate random samples of Gaussian distribution directly in the frequency domain?
Stability of open-loop transfer function from its Nyquist plot
How to differentiate a time domain signal in the complex transfer function?
Halving a floating point time series and it's effect on noise levels
When we play several audio streams what is responsible for mixing them?
How do i select my frequency range to plot when fft is made on time domain
Linear Constant Coefficient Differential Equations: Zero-Input and Zero-State responses
Generay way to find Stability of system
Why doesn't the delay of an FIR filter equal the number of taps but half of them?
The Technology Behind Animoji by Apple
Very basic question about how we define frequency in signal processing
A wide sense stationary random process that is not second order stationary
Calculate algorithm's MIPS from cycles?
Curved noise floor and ugly unexplained peaks after FFT
Clustering algorithm
Why doesn't this complex multiplication in the frequency domain produce my expected phase shift?
How to make the impulse response sparse? How does one know that the channel is sparse?
What do the filter coefficients in digital filter represent?
Phase noise definition
Deriving the integration property of the Fourier Transform
Signals and Filters 101
Why averaging in Spectral magnitude domain not in complex domain to estimate spectrum of a process
Suggest me some good references for sonification
should block diagrams in Direct Form 1/2 contain empty branches to fit structure?
Problems with IFFT not being symmetrical
Confused about how Echo filter diagram works
Fourier coefficients of product of two periodic signals
audio signal time delay estimation(TDE) in indiviual and separate mics
Fourier components of $\cos(2\pi f_1t)$
Question about normalization before estimate the spectrum
Why does increasing duty cycle decrease the separation between spectral components?
Measured signal from tachometer has ripples, why and how to minimize?
Equalizer coefficients and channel coefficients
What is the effect of reducing NFFT less than the signal length
sound classification
Nonuniform Background Subtraction
How have common PRBS polynomials been chosen, and what are they?
Sensor fusion under unknown correlations: can covariance intersection account for delays?
Transform RGB image to *look like* Infrared
Downsampling audio for use in Machine Learning
Step response given impulse response $h = e^{-|t|}$
Determining Causality From Discrete Impulse Response
How to obtain the relative position (coordinates) of SIFT feature from image center coordinates?
How to combine/append mfcc features with rmse and fft using librosa in python 2.7
Use samples of Fourier transform as DFT?
Python, resampling tools dont work as expected
Prepare IQ Data for Goertzel Algorithm
Theoretical Maximum of DFT
Inverse Discrete-Time Fourier Transform of $X(Ω)=jΩ$
How to model a generic low frequency signal?
Any idea what's the OCR tool behind `myfonts.com/WhatTheFont` font recognizer?
How channel state information is calculated from Sounding Packet
What's a good physical description of the following matlab code?
limit to possible noise shaping?
What is the transfer function of this system y(n) =2y(n-1)?
fourier transform of smart-phone accelerometer in matlab
Outlier Detection after Detrending a Time Series With Missing Values or NaN
Is there a name for the procedure of taking the FT over separate consecutive small time-blocks?
Butterworth Polynomial from Butterworth Filter
Duality of the continuous-time Fourier transform - derivation and notation
Measure the length of curves via a smartphone's accelerometer
Wavelets and bank filters
What is the relationship between luminosity of Lab color space and intensity of HSI color space?
Need a better step detection algorithm
Causality as applied to capacitors
Is this sampling frequency right?
Echo effect on sinusoidal input: Intuition
Octave: Finding the mean fundamental frequency given an audio signal
Transmission frquency in MIMO-OFDM system
What is the exact meaning of the output of the Discrete Fourier Transform
Result of inverse FFT is sometimes shifted in real space
How does modulation work in simple language?
Why would amplitude modulation result in change of frequency?
Understanding and Correcting phase shift in General Linear Phase FIR filters
Proof $GM$ (in dB) of $2nd$ order system is $\infty$
Which channel coding technique is suitable for wireless SPIHT compressed image: Reed-Solomon or convolutional code?
Why do we say that spectral efficiency is measured in [bit/s/Hz], not just [bit]?
Fourier Coefficients
How to use function spectrum in R to perform spectral analysis
Cepstrum: IFFT or FFT to enter the cepstral domain?
How can you 'perfectly' reconstruct phase for transients in a modified audio absolute spectrogram?
Determining the features of the DSP
strange artifact in depthmap of a mirroring glass
Is it possible to recover a waveform from spectrograms of magnitude *and* phase?
Why do we need circular convolution?
Delaunay triangulation and Voronoi diagram in image processing
Periodicity of the discrete-time Fourier Transform
Beamforming with NDP frames
STFT computation
Bandpass filtering IQ samples from USRP
How to reconstruct an image from s-parameters in Matlab?
What is the acceptable range for bandwidth utilization factor in OFDM systems?
Does Function to Function Multiplication and Convolution, Follow Laws of Convolution
Extracting peak frequencies using FFT vs. time-domain peak finding
FFT showing evenly spaced signals when tuned to ~56 MHz down to 25.680
An equality in DOA estimation
Calculating SPL from pressure signal - Amplitude vs Power method
sharpness in DCT domain image
Impact of Interpolation Types in Image Filtering (Laplacian Pyramids)
Tikhonov Regularization Alternate Formulation
Cross correlation, when two signals are "uncorrelated"?
EEG, PSI interpretation
Symbol rate and bit rate
Inverse $\mathcal Z$-transform when region of convergence goes outwards from the inner pole?
Can a Goertzel filter response be mapped to a Direct Form II Biquad IIR Filter
Uniqueness of Fourier Series Representation and the Fourier Transform of Periodic Signals
How can I generate a cross spectrum? HFSWR
How to sketch the following discrete time signal $\sum_{k=0}^{n} \delta[n-k]$?
Simulation of FMCW radar in frequency domain
How many coefficient sections should I select when designing filters with MATLAB FDATOOL?
Do all real-time filters introduce phase lag, or can there be such a thing as "lag-less" or "zero lag" real time filters?
Fourier transform of even/odd parts of a complex signal
Computing the center of mass of a signal using the Fourier transform
Time scaling of discrete-time sequences and the DTFT
Is Kelly Lochbaum Ladder Filter LTI?
Most natural interpolation to simulate increasing distance?
BIBO Stability and the convergence of the frequency response of a system
Question regarding DTFT of a complex signal
The precise meaning of 'coefficient' in signal processing
RTL-SDR data types
The number of bits per symbol is less than one
Algorithm for identifying beat grid in music with non-constant tempo
Is this a power signal?
Simple $\sin(2\pi 1000t)$ Fourier transform in PSpice not behaving as expected
12kHz sine or square. I can hear the difference - why?
How to smooth (or interpolate) phase of FFT and reduce data points
Detecting direction of sound using several microphones
Impulse response of ideal filters
Basic difference between Multi-scale and Multi-resolution images
Clarification on Discrete-time convolution and signal shifting
How does it go about implementing pitch shifting without affecting the duration or speed on matlab?
Using fft to calculate vsdft
Discrete Wavelet Transform - Visualizing Relation between Decomposed Detail Coefficients and Signal
Why use Active Contours segmentation (snake) over Level Sets segmentation and vice versa in image processing?
Window period(overlap) and FFT
Probability of False Alarm versus SNR
Digital filter simulating hydroacoustic signal distortion
low-frequency amplitude with phase modulation of low Hz carrier
Autocorrelation of a Shifted Sequence
Image Contrast Enhancement Threshold Selection
Why does second order Gaussian called Laplacian Gaussian?
How does the assumption that symbols are equi-probable hold
Does speaker recognition system need the same sample rate audio?
Proof of the convolution property of Fourier Series in continuous time
Amplitude problem by puting 5 FIR in a row
Second order section digital Bandpass
Finding resonance peaks from sine sweep vibration test
Distinguish harmonic sounds from non-harmonic
What are the units of a .wav file?
What kind of math is introduced in this answer related to DSP?
Could you please confirm my method or correct me on computing the phases of my signals?
When Is a Power of 2 FFT Slower than Smaller Sized Non Power of 2 FFT in MATLAB
extracting MPEG-7 low-level audio descriptors using essentia
Can I have some feedback on this research paper?
low frequency transform
Normalize speech features per dimensions or across dimensions
sound source localization - finding source vector
Help with audio EQ cookbook BPF filters and Q
What does the Phase part of a FFT of a received signal represent?
how we can prove that the Variance of (white Gussian noise) is average power of the noise?
Histogram of Gradient
Removing high pitch noise embedded in audio spectrum
How do I resample an audio signal without altering its pitch?
Equation for half-damped triangle signal
Estimating the bandwidth of various signals
MPEG-7 low-level audio descriptors
Wiener Filter Additive Noise Uncorrelated
Why edge sharpening produces high frequency?
Converting PSD to dB scale
Finding number of independent samples using autocorrelation
How to compute the energy of two signals?
Correct magnitude spectra of a cosine DFT?
Fourier Transform Signals - Time Transformations
Selection of transforms, windows, wavelets for current signal analysis
Phase of FMCW linear chirp
Why taking derivative amplifies noise
Characteristic and moment generating function of a random variable interpretation
Alternative to Extended Kalman Filter when prediction function is not differentiable
Does windowing affect Parseval's theorem?
When listening in to an AM signals of various frequencies, how do we exactly tune in?
Ramp function as derivative in frequency domain?
Binomial Approximation of Gaussian Distribution
Frequency Response Question on LSI System
Log energy and Shannon entropy?
Impulse Invariant mapping
Computational Complexity of Polyphase Resampling
Doubts on LMS derivation
Difference between $H(\omega)$ and $H(j\omega)$
Understanding the definition of signal's bandwidth
Amplitude in frequency domain not as expected with discontinues time domain signal
Resampling with and without replacement for estimating significance of spectral components
Is deep learning the only way to detect humans in a picture?
Generating a timeseries with an arbitrary power spectrum
Optimum Filter Signal Detection for Non AWGN Channels
Length of a resampled audio signal
How is the energy conservation principle preserved in the case mentioned below?
Parseval's Theorm and Effective Bandwidth
how can I make a simple lowpass filter with this constraints?
Confused in Bit rate, Symbol rate, Sample rate and Data rate
Is it wise to use mathematical morphology and Gabor filter to extract blood vessels in the same algorithm?
What is the relationship between image spatial domain and FFT powerspectrum?
How to construct ideal low pass filter in matlab?
Correlated signals separation with reference
Extracting the talking (lyrics) from an audio in python
non-Mel Frequency Cepstral Coefficients
Problem understanding steps towards defining the convolution sum
Beam width of linear array using MVDR beamformer
Discontinuities in the FFT
Mystery signal - FSK, BPSK?
Best equalizer for a perfect CSI
Don't understand what is meant by signal dimension
MATLAB: How to filter a signal using Thiran Fractional Delay Filter
Channel Capacity - is this only for discrete/digital signals?
How to apply Hamming Window and compute FFT?
What is the most reliable shape representation for the purpose of detecting humans shapes?
Implement a Butterworth Filter in C#
Estimating number of sinusoid from spectral estimation
Plotted ECG signals are not around Amplitude 0 line
Understanding unexpected i/q calculation on a downsampled signal
What the entropy equations mean?
Averaging magnitude squared coherence across multiple time series
What exactly is "sparse representation"?
Phase information from product of complex conjugate transfer functions
