Are the magnetic elements of meteorites that have struck Earth aligned with the magnetic field?
A Wide-Open Passage Between the Indian and the Pacific
What makes pollen varieties useful index fossils?
Wobbly Tire Theory -- Is there an existing theory that fits the following description?
Future super-continent
St. Elmo's Fire not dangerous?
Historical NWS GFS forecast data
Does usual city pollution have effects on relative humidity?
If we could stay still in the air. Would we be travel around the entire world in 24 hours?
Appearance of Tornado
Sailing Around the World on a Jet Stream
First to Sail the Jet Stream Around the World
US Naval Observatory Sunrise/Sunset Data: Blank Sunrise/Sunset Times?
By how much can rain temperature vary from the ground-level air temperature?
Relationship between obliquity, antarctic circumpolar current, and atmospheric $\ce{CO2}$
How is a UV Index calculated?
What are the effects of underwater "windmills"?
Modeling swirling storms
How will axial precession affect the weather in the northern hemisphere (UK latitudes)?
How Short IS The Arctic Summer?
Worldwide weather maps database
How accurately can a tsunami be predicted? Have there been any successful evacuations?
Does flow banding only occur in silicic rocks?
Base temperature value for European Nordic Countries
What are baroclinic and barotropic waves?
How to find the magnitude of earthquakes roughly if we know the Richter scale magnitude of epicenter?
What model best describes the alignment of the Sun and Moon during a lunar eclipse?
Hazard event predictions. Examples of predictions causing more harm than good
Are volcanoes formed from earthquakes?
What exactly is a model grid?
Can you confirm if this rock is sandstone - it is this from Cape Cod, MA, USA
Definitive values that classifies a rock as having “low”, “medium”, and “high” -strength, -hardness, -toughness, and -consolidation?
Missing pages in Knauss' "Introduction to Physical Oceanography, 2nd edition"?
Is it possible to prevent high magnitude earthquakes by induced earthquakes?
Earthquakes in Oklahoma influenced by Humans?
Where can I get historic hourly precipitation data for Italy?
A simple formulation to calculate the sequence and rate of salt precipitation in a brine?
meaning of Grid resolution
Why is the pond in my backyard not frozen when it is -15 °C (5 °F) outside?
Rock ID: Geode, soft, dull black exterior with crystal inside, from Snæfellsnes, Iceland
Using Range Height Indicator scan of radar
What is the strongest observed static stability in the troposphere?
Are trends in crossplots of compositional data from different analyses valid?
How much of Earth's surface would be covered by water if all ice melted?
Near Future Precipitation and Temperature estimations?
Why does winter get colder after the solstice?
How long would it take for Mars to cool after asteroid impact?
The effect of buildings on frost
Round structure in southern United States
About an alternative type of wind energy facility
Why does dew accumlate on only one side of my car?
Where to start with P190s Seismic Navigation Files?
What kind of rock or mineral is this?
How to compare earthquake magnitudes
Volcano magma chamber
Is there a defined reference period for the COP21 agreement?
Why is the elevation of the Iberian Peninsula so high?
How is it possible that a Hurricane such as Alex forms in the Atlantic in winter?
What does the precessional parameter measure?
What is the Moon's distance from viewer at horizon?
How high must one be for the curvature of the earth to be visible to the eye?
Best sources / methods to find additional cloud information for current weather conditions?
Can we reduce the scale of volcanic eruptions by drilling some canals or bombing some holes in the crater?
How can we predict if it's raining, drizzling or there is snow fall by using precipitation intensity (inches/hour)?
How far upstream would severe sea level rise (1m) noticably affect a large river?
What's the background concentration of trace gas/pollutants?
how are the global effects of local environmental disasters?
Does cloud fraction of 0 for low clouds means it was raining?
How do I read IASI GDS L1C in Python?
What principles do we consider when selecting an air pollution monitor location?
Why is the environmental quality index high in USA, the second most polluting country?
How do weather services measure wind
Why is the temperature *still* rising?
How to cite LandSat 8?
Plotting the wind direction in 3D?
Next Ice age may be unavoidable
Where can I get archived hourly wind speed data for Germany?
Why aren't seismic stations installed very deep underground so as to pre-warn from earthquakes?
Should I cut buildings from flood zone?
Where does lightning strike?
Converting grid resolution from degrees to kilometers
What causes aurorae?
Earthquake severity during supereruption at Yellowstone caldera?
Source of sub-surface ringwoodite water
What is the current status of geophysical global cooling theory?
The significance of peak period in surface wave models
Convert satellite image data (GOES 15) into solar irradiance values?
Rock ID: shiny, very hard, black rock from Louisiana, USA
Can soil color give accurate data about properties which affect it?
Is 2015's record average temperature evidence that we are now experiencing runaway climate change?
Is there a data source for annual global precipitation?
What is the distribution of global photosynthesis?
Do discordants dykes ever travel concordantly (are transgressive dykes a thing)?
What caused the earth's climate to stabilise ~10 thousand years ago?
GIMMS NDVI3g grid cells not entirely square-shaped?
Are there anti-greenhouse gases?
Terrain correction for gravity data using Nagy, 1973
What is the Pleniglacial age?
Why are weather service atmospheric pressures systematically different from those I measure in Johannesburg?
Is there a time difference between two points at the same longitude but at different latitudes?
Help interpreting a wind rose diagram
Is there a differential angular rotation on Earth?
Why do we say Earth rotates from west to east?
Rock ID: a black rock/lava? around another white rock, unknown location
What's the minimum number of days needed for reporting a "monthly average" of daily satellite retrievals?
What keeps the different gases mixed in the atmosphere?
Distribution of thermometric devices on earth
Does natural plant decomposition release more greenhouse gases than burning
What are the natural causes for methane formation?
Is there an estimation how much organic matter there is still in the ground?
What is the age of the earth's oil?
Why are oceans so deep?
Why is at high altitude more light from oxygen in the auroras while it is heavier than nitrogen?
Axial Obliquity and Climate Change
How probable is is that earth magnetic field will change 180 degrees at once?
Are coral reefs a Biochemical Sedimentary rock?
How can I merge weather data from different time zones?
Why do ooids not grow larger than 0.5 mm?
Extreme rainfall events
If the Earth were a smooth spheroid, how deep would the ocean be?
Does gravity differ from place to place on Earth
What are the relative contributions of planets to the Milankovitch Cycles?
How does the lifetime of methane vary in the atmosphere?
Why does the road appear wet on a sunny day?
How to integrate dry wells into groundwater level mapping automatically (inequality constraints on the interpolation)?
Gaussian wavelet generation with a given frequency
At what latitudes does daytime last exactly 24 hours once in the year?
Topographic Maps
Are all natural diamonds made of organic carbon material?
Why are "ground level" air quality monitors really on rooftops?
What causes a rainbow, its colours and its shape?
Do ice crystals form in running super-cold water?
What is the shortest path between two points on Earth's surface?
Were the results of the gravity probe B according to what was expected?
How about local impacts of deforestation on droughts and floods?
What causes the aurora borealis
Dating fluvial terraces with $^{10}\rm{Be}$
Is there any experiment to prove that CO2 with the atmosphere concentration can have greenhouse effect?
Earthquake data acquisition Geosig VE-53
Physics based circulation models
Petroleum and coal formation
Cloud in a bottle experiment. Why does the "cloud" get thicker with repeated squeezing?
What is the formula used for atmospheric visibility?
Why can isotopes reflect the age of the Earth rather than the age of the supernova that created them?
Compute direction of gravity vector
Downscaling global meteorology data
Database/Reference on optimal conditions for plant growth in greenhouses
In general, does the presence of vegetation increase/decrease gross water loss (evapotranspiration) compared to barren land (evaporation only)?
Forced shallow-water equation with diabatic heating as the source term
Is there a study relating water table to construction/RCC activity?
Why is the South Pole colder than the North Pole?
Unknown semi-precious stone
Difference between Meteosat and Insat satellite Images
How to convert eta level to pressure level in WRF model
Stars twinkling
What type of mineral is this?
Does the Nasa video show proof of the biotic pump theory?
Dry deposition of the total sulfate deposition in forested region
What would be the effect of bringing seawater pipes to the Sahara desert?
Why is lightning going from the Earth to the clouds while the electrons are going from the clouds to the Earth?
In -20 °C weather, creeks below waterfalls here form ice columns. What are these called? Ice-canoes?
Doesn't the sublimation rate on glaciers depend on the (specific) latent heat of sublimation of water ice?
What is the difference between climate change and global warming?
Connection between microbes and serpentinite?
Definition of "hundreds of ice accretion"
How does the air-circulation in the lower stratosphere look like?
Meteor Explosion
Is there a formula for heat retained by an atmosphere, based on density and composition?
Regarding velocity of P/S-waves
How bad is geo-engineering?
How to differentiate between normal and reverse fault, given a stress tensor?
What are 'articulate shells'?
What do you call boulders of non sedimentary rock that were lithified into sandstone?
SeismicUnix - Finite Difference Migration
Why do rivers have 'wells' in mountains?
What is radiation divergence?
Mixing equation for confluence of two rivers
Snowing when the actual temperature is around $\small\sf9^o$ Celsius
What is difference between Riverbed conductance term and streambed leakance/retardation coefficient?
How did plants adapt to $\small\sf{CO_2}$ levels past 400k years? Why won't they do it again?
Marine and freshwater geochemistry
Which crops are especially sensitive to atmospheric ozone?
What is the source of lava of volcano? From magma below crust? Or from molten crust by rubbing?
Is oxygen the most abundant element on Earth?
Largest mountain range
How are wind speeds typically distributed?
What is a pre-monsoon shower? Is there any distinguishing feature between monsoon and pre-monsoon showers?
Estimating fog incidence based on ocean temperature
Where can I find wave scatter tables (joint probability Hs vs T) for certain coastal regions?
Pasquill-Gifford stability class data for one station
What is this strange formation near Râmnicu Vâlcea?
What are the dominant elements that oxygen is bonded to on earth?
Why can I look directly at the sun during a sunset but not at noon?
Question about Type of Rock
Seismic data processing software
What's the distance between the center of mass and geometrical center of Earth (CM-CF offset)?
Why are Kp Index values updating at times greater that the intervals in which they belong?
What is the earth's core temperature?
What causes such a narrow slit in a cliff? (see photo)
How are small mountains created?
Details on Ocean floor
Good Open source alternatives to SeisImager & RES2DINV?
Is spectrum of sunlight the same in the summer as in the winter?
How to calculate the temperature of Earth's surface
Technique to delete spin-up frames from WRF
What happens if a magnitude 13 earthquake occurs?
Timeline of atmospheric model resolution
Ice Age/Interglacial Period Cycle
Long-term Wind Speed Forecasting: reality or wishful thinking?
How viscous is the Earth's mantle?
If the distance between Earth and the moon were changed, would the effects be immediate?
CFSR hourly surface wind time series
How to write 'number of ...' in a unit?
Can we see lava in a divergent tectonic boundary?
What is a vertical wavenumber?
Gravitational Anomaly of a subsurface body
How long does earth take to recover from mass extinctions? What is "normal"?
How are thermals really released?
Is there a concise industry standard way of displaying wind speed, gust and direction?
Global warming cycles
Does the geographic North Pole move?
What is the amplitude of the largest internal wave ever observed?
Any way to increase the amount of water that flows through bedrock?
Calculate precipitation from WRF model output
Great Pacific Garbage Patch Equilibrium Points
Difference between convergent precipitation and cyclone precipitation?
Could a massive flood have formed the Grand Canyon?
Why silicon is abundant in earth surface?
The difference of vertical advection and convection process for chemistry species
What are the top 21 meetings regarding climate change?
Climate in subequatorial regions
Do lava lakes exist in all volcanoes initially?
What does a negative value for the inclusive graphic standard deviation mean?
How did Earth's atmospheric layers get their names?
Data source of the planetary boundary layer (PBL)
Why isn't the date of final stratospheric warming and polar vortex breakup regared as the official end of winter?
Can ultrasounds be used to map the density of large underground regions?
Is it ok to use biology microscope for gemological purpose?
Strange coating in old lime mine shaft
Identification needed for possible iron meteorite
What is the difference between the freezing level and 0C isotherm in NOAA's GFS?
Has the Olema earthquake fence continued to spread apart?
Why is fluid pressure in a fractured rock reservoir only dependent on hydrostatic pressure?
Is Desert Sandstone a chemical sedimentary rock?
Mining iron or metals in nature
Is this paper attributing a change in polar wander to climate change?
What rock is underneath malachite
What is Stock or Overflow Pit? Is it a terminology in geography? What is the correct word for it?
How does vertical wind change over time?
How to find molarity of a fertilizer?
Why is there a logarithmic grid on this plot?
How does Vertical Electrical Sounding Work?
Should I worry about copper pipe outside attracting lightning strikes?
Unwanted oscillations in Synthetic seismogram
Can anyone give share reference for quadrat size in vegetation
How to determine constant $C$ in $p(x) = Cx^{-D}$?
Why snow is white?
Inverse model problem
What are the conditions for an ionosphere to form?
Carbonate reef not horizontal in seismic section?
Structural geology, regarding cross section of two outcrops with similar characteristic but very distinct dip
At what altitude stalagmite/stalactite caves are located? What kind of rocks are needed to form them?
Cooling effect by evaporation
Does the increasing number of significant earthquakes relate to increasing population density in earthquake zones?
How do simulate a cloudy day for a science fair project?
What is the intensity of terrestrial radiation?
Locate people by Oxygen/Carbon Dioxide levels
Can earthquakes affect the atmosphere?
Is there a method to determine the point rainfall intensity for small catchments?
Where did the sand in the Sahara come from?
What type of rock is this powdery white rock with a fairly smooth dark shell and rusty patches I found while digging up pipe?
What do continents "lay" on?
What composition would the early cratons have?
No sedimentation without water?
Shouldn't India Get an Uplift Too?
Importance of meteorite impact craters in geology?
Elemental ratios in rocks and stream water
Spatial extent and predictability of various hazards.
What does the term spreading the risk mean, with regard to natural disasters?
Above average global temperature in March 2016
What is the earliest sedimentation we know of?
How big a risk is Mount Vesuvius for the local population?
Are there any books, websites, etc. that have many practice problems for Skew-T diagrams and the atmospheric sciences in general?
The sun sometimes appears pure white after rainfall, how can this be explained?
Continentality/Oceanity
Strange circular structures found on a photo from Mars rover Curiosity at Dingo Gap
Can the dew point temperature be more than drybulb temperature?
Why does computation cost increase 24 times when the spatial resolution doubles?
Modelling sea levels with gravitational parameters
What would the pH of rainwater be if carbon dioxide in the atmosphere doubled?
Maximum temperature possible on earth on a day
vehicular pollution
Are AO-GCMs sensitive enough to take large lakes into account?
Where can I find a list of active mining claims in my area (Northern Nevada)?
When GCMs are calibrated do they use 'corrected rainfall' input?
The geology of local landscapes and small scale features
Rate of underground formation of carbon-14 by neutron capture
Looking for a complete table of minerals for a database
How much of the ice on earth is floating?
Link between different ways of modeling permeability
Is there a way to guess if its going to rain based on pressure temperature humidity and cloud cover
Why is the north considered as up, and south as down?
What type of rock is this and how did it form?
Can human activity affect volcanoes?
Why do forecast areas on weather.gov appear as twisted squares?
What does it take to make a diamond?
Basalt vs. columnar basalt
Is the term "fertile ash" a misnomer?
What is the relationship between Ekman transport and Ekman pumping?
Reason for rotting smell after first rain of the season?
If we assume the mega impact hypothesis for the formation of Moon, where on Earth is the impact point?
Specific Chemical Composition of Nero Marquina Marble
Looking for evidence against some points raised in Ivar Giaever's speech on climate change
Why there are no sharp corners in nature?
Is it possible that a reduction in vegetation is a cause of global warming?
Can the moon shadow angle change?
Why doesn't the earth become superheated?
What are the major contributors to the amount of infra-red emitted by the earth?
Epicenter of earthquake at sea - is it a point on ocean surface or sea bed?
Algorithm confirmation for bringing in scalar field values from Gaussian grid to rotated lat lon grid
Is porphyritic texture always indicative of a 2 stage cooling process?
Why does wind blow offshore in the morning?
What factors bring sand into or out of the beach?
How much faster are airmolecules going when the temperature raise from 15 to 25 degrees C?
Is there a difference between Density and Specific Gravity?
What Happens When India Stops Hitting Asia
Effects of currents on peak wave frequency
What is this "hole" that blows sand into the air?
How is known that the Earth core is solid?
Pure blue sky in Spring
Rayleigh scattering from the moon light
How much time does water takes to reach to the ground?
What divides Hydrological Unit Code areas of the same level?
How to determine associated USGS stream gauges with a watershed HUC?
Rock/ possible fossil question
Will the Earth's core cool?
Identifying trichroic crystal systems
How does the interaction between Subtropical Westerly Jet Stream and Himalayas causes subsidence of air?
Why is WRF most often configured at 3:1 nesting ratio?
Numerical methods for solving shallow-water equations with a source
ocean current frequency
Temperature Fluctuation in a Day
What sort of geological features would you look for to find copper?
Interpolate Gaussian grids to regular fixed grids using bilinear interpolation?
Conversion factor between different Landsats?
Plotting stereonets in R
Why did the GFS switch to hourly forecasts through hour 120?
How long does it take air to circle the world?
Upon breaking apart andesite, what do you get?
Does the amount of energy released from burning of fossil fuels have a measurable impact on global warming?
Where can I find a data set containing wetland loss by decade
Do tornadoes usually avoid areas with many tall buildings?
NCEP reanalysis model levels
What is the difference between mineral groups and series?
Waves on sandy beach separating differently-sized rocks?
How rare are double rainbows?
How to find/calculate the yearly evaporation of a given area?
How to Compute Visibility
Why do manganese nodules have different constitution than sea water?
If I can drill a hole to mantle, does it form a volcano?
Why does air subside in the Eye - the lowest pressure area of a tropical cyclone?
Are there water molecules in the oceans which will almost never fall down as rain?
Need different temperature change data sets explained
Clouds moving in opposite directions
Can non-antipodal Chicxulub impact seismic wave be connected to Rio Grande Rift and Laramide Orogeny?
What's the difference between topography and orography?
What natural phenomena increase stratospheric ozone?
Why are deserts hotter than other places on Earth
Can zircons be analysed by the (U+Th)/He after being ablated for analysis of U-Pb?
Reforestation project in Samboja Lestari, Indonesia
Averaging watershed areas
Can we change the temperature in atmosphere?
What is a weather system?
What is the difference between chalcophile and siderophile elements?
Can someone please help me to identify this mineral?
Why is almost all the landmass on one side of the globe?
What keeps water from sinking into earth?
Take all the CO2 in the atmosphere and put it into a layer on the surface of earth, how thick would the layer be?
What is the maximum grain size of a sediment that can be point counted using a standard thin section?
Sky color of a proterozoic earth with a Canfield ocean
How to distinguish between Altocumulus, Stratocumulus and Cumulus clouds?
Is Cape Canaveral really the lightning capital of the US?
How to remove 'silk braid' noise in satellite data?
How would waves (in a fluid) behave without intermolecular attraction?
Ground level ozone formation and NO2 dependence over time
Why don't toilets use saltwater?
Rain without clouds?
Voronoi-like pattern in metal samples
Why is uranium only in the crust, really?
What is the source of the Big Sur river?
How to output slope parameter and shape parameter in WRF?
What are the composition and pressure of the exosphere?
How much do tides affect earth's rotational velocity?
Does a mountain top have higher gravity than a nearby sea-level surface?
Half of Earth with most landmass
How were the sea levels around western Europe during the Medieval Warm Period?
Nibiru, or Planet X
Buoyancy frequency
Would you see a correlation between detrital zircon age and grain shape?
Is there a simple temperature prediction model?
Is there a map that displays every country at its correct relative size?
Why is ground water rising on these forest rings?
How much energy is released a year of all the lightning on earth?
Transform Boundary and its relation with Earth's rotation
How to plot a Hovmoller diagram in MATLAB?
How much coal does it take to generate oil?
How does the tornado chaser locate the spot?
What is the difference between w-wind, vertical p-velocity and Omega?
Do our continents lay on the mantle because solid silicon dioxide is less dense than its liquid form?
Diomede Islands
Is there a name for the process of producing positional data for cartography?
Cause for round holes in stones
Could a large burst of super-heated or super-cooled air cause tornadoes to fall apart?
Topography in general sense
Is it possible that water (H2O) was made on earth?
Global scale seismology experiments / observations disproving flat earth conspiracy?
Is it possible that a change of the earth magnetic poles influences deep-sea currents?
Is there more water in solid form than in liquid form on earth?
How Fast Could a Cyclone at the North Pole Achieve?
Is there a formula to compute the destructiveness of an earthquake?
Phase of S2 constituent in tidal prediction
Were all of Earth's minerals created before Earth's formation, during, or after?
Are clouds needed for lightning?
Where does all the salt come from in the Dead Sea?
What processes created these apparent topographical anomalies in North California?
Is wind just mainly nitrogen particles moving in one direction?
There is soil in Archean?
Desert greening - Do we have long term (several decades) data on precipitation around the Sahara?
The temperature of the ocean below 1000 m
What is the best way to mount white mica separates?
How does water still exist on the Earth?
Is ice also created ín cold water of the oceans?
Accurately Measuring Indoor/Outdoor Air Temperature & Relative Humidity
Why can't radar's decibel scale be used to determine the intensity of snowfall?
How is dense magma able to rise and punch through continental crust?
How to understand Mohr diagram?
Lava and Magma, Meteor and Meteorite--What's the Difference?
A guide to how climate change will affect different countries
Overview/map of pollution level of worldwide fishing zones
What is the average depth of the ocean?
How can we have "floating" and convection currents in a non-liquid mantle?
Is there any covalent crystals that can be easily synthesized?
How to transform the inventory data from degrees to kilometers
How to identify a landslide area early?
Why is the increased albedo from cloud cover not expected to counteract global warming?
How much and what kind of radiation passes through a cloud?
Rock ID: beige, porous, multiple cavities, found in mountain stream, Southern Alberta, Canada
What causes lightning to be a different color above the clouds than below the clouds?
Publicly available data set with ensemble forecasts and observations?
How do tree roots mitigate pollution in general? Diagram preferred
Mineral ID: a black, lusterous, light stone
Conditions at the bottom of a VERY deep hole
Why cannot people burn all the atmospheric oxygen?
Large scale structures in the Sahara – what are they?
Why are lenticular clouds circular?
Dealing with uncertainty in source apportionment
Recovery From the Great Dying
Explanation for single rainbow that contained colors several times
Is there a seasonal difference in the average cloud floor?
Do winds behave like waves?
Desalination and Weather Impact?
Can up-welling water at oceanic fronts be physically felt?
Relative dating of intrusion
How strong is the correlation between the dew point of a town and the seawater temperature next to that town?
is the low-compressibility of seawater responsible for its bouyancy?
Recharge calculation for an aquifer
Thermohaline: Why is cold and dense seawater salty when warm water holds more dissolved salts?
Definitions of tidal harmonic constituents...?
Correlation analysis with primary air pollutants and secondary formed ozone
What is difference between divergent boundary and hot spot?
How this sedimentary rock is made?
Which are the best open/free softwares for debris flow and rock fall simulation?
How long will it take for the ocean to erode Rockall?
How to calculate water vapor flux divergence from temperature, relative humidity, u wind and v wind?
Can a hurricane with different spinning direction be formed accidently?
Tasmanian earthquake patterns
Does the size of Earth increase due to volcanism?
Ions & elements, which is the correct terminology to use when discussing chemical compounds in Earth Science?
South American Rocks
Seismic attenuation in mixed gas/water
Weathering of silicates
Is glacier growing a hoax?
Is the gulf stream both a wind-driven current and part of thermohaline circulation?
Seismology: What causes an earthquake?
volcanic effects on the climate during Pangaea
Why is Great Oxidation Event associated with Iron oxidation but not Aluminum or Silicon?
Is it hotter in different places with the same air temperature?
Making Sense of Coldwater Ocean Currents
Melting basalt on the lunar surface - what would the resulting material be like?
How do cold air masses reach South America?
What field data do I need for the Green-Ampt infiltration Model?
Why is Vladivostock so cold, while Dalian is so warm?
Why limestone formation was not a concern in atmosphere oxidation event?
Amount of Earths water with consideration to space travel?
How Common is Volcanic Tuff?
Is there a 'standard size' for volcanic eruptions in terms of gas output?
Why do we see the limestone on top of Cambrian layer?
How should core-rim detrital zircon ages be reported in a sedimentary provenance study?
The age of tectonic plates
If I was to tunnel straight through a mountain, what kind of rock would I find?
Can El Niño/La Niña occur again after normal state?
The motion of tides
Early Earth crust
Calculate the Top of a Cloud
Why would the arctic have very short spring and autumn?
Can you help me identify this rock?
Why would Earth have stable weather patterns if it stopped spinning and vigorous weather if it had a much faster rotation?
Are we changing Earth's weather with global warming?
Why is Egypt so dry?
The Search for Climate Forums
Which one is the correct concept of Continental Crust and Oceanic Crust?
Why is a mild earthquake often mistaken as dizziness or vertigo?
Can runaway methane gas emissions be an extinction level event?
How to measure elevation above sea level
Methane remote sensing?
Effects of pressure at sea level
Kalman - Data assimilation with external model
What would be the correct terminology for soft cover on crust?
Quotient farthest mouths/nearest sources
How to derive the (dry) deposition velocity for particles in the atmosphere
How do current pollution levels in Los Angeles compare to the 1970s?
What's the prospect of air quality forecasting based on machine learning?
Using Acummulated Cyclone Energy (ACE) for non-tropical cyclones
Does the Earth's core have the same rotation period as its surface?
Carbon dioxide and ocean acidification based on temperature
snow modelling using raster data with different resolution
When specifying phase and amplitude for a tidal constituent, what date/time does phase start from?
How does salinity and density affects sea surface temperature?
Does iron in core have chance to come out to crust?
Can relative humidity be over 100% near (within 30-60m) the surface?
Climate change review for a scientist
Is there a way to calculate difference initial water content, from curve number method?
How was this egg shaped rock made and what is it?
Chicxulub Asteroid Remains?
As the earth's core cools, will the size be affected?
Beam of light coming from otherwise cloudly
Why do the vast majority of the world's deserts fall on the tropic of capricorn or cancer?
Detecting seismic waves using Software Defined Radio
Can the sealed bottle garden be called a perpetual motion machine?
Are the other causes of an earthquake (e.g. volcanic eruptions) the cause of the "sudden slip" which is the main cause of an earthquake?
Rock ID: Bone and potato-shaped, copper-colored
How would pesticide vapor drift behave near a valley?
How to set up a domain from namelist in WRF?
What is meant by Monte-carlo simulation? (would like an elaborated answer with some references)
The rock that gives birth to quartz sand
Why confined aquifers have low storage?
comparing use of Laplace equation with diffusion equation to simulate flow of fluid/water through porous media?
Can the forecast N+1 days ahead be more certain than the forecast N days ahead?
Did we find cinnabarit?
What is the science behind CFCs depleting the ozone layer?
How did Great-Britain separate from France?
Why is it so important to gather data from inside tornadoes?
How are lightning and thunderstorm intensity linked?
Is global warming nonsense?
Can atmospheric conditions cause carbonated beverages to fizz more?
Fault representation
What would be the impact on tides if the earth had no tilt?
Open source seismic refraction processing
Reciprocal space in the context of x-ray diffraction and a crystal lattice?
Does the level/reading/measurement of solar exposure impact temperatures
Interpolating Merra reanalysis
What affects the surface characteristics of cumulus clouds?
Is daylight time symmetrical between northern and southern hemisphere?
Why is the density of Earth higher at the core
Earthquakes and mountain height
How old are Pecten fossils in general?
Will increased precipitation in Antarctica prevent sea level rise?
Why should dynamical downscaling of meteorological data be made incrementally?
Does the amount of rainfall relate to temperatures of a place?
What timescales do eddies operate at in the planetary boundary layer?
How can parameters of the ionosphere be calculated?
What is the biggest periodic river?
WMM and IGRF model?
What is the average cholorphyll concentration for the ocean?
Sedimentology (Particle size distribution parameters)
Which image is accurate viz insat or meteostat?
What denotes a parameterization in a model? (semantics )
Can Coriolis Effect cancel itself?
Please could you help me finding global warming video with ice melting in glass time messurment scene?
Does finer input data lead to a better model accuracy?
How to locally identify a cold front passage?
Is the concept of seismogenic zone still relevant after the 2011 Japan earthquake?
How does elevation affect the amount of rainfall received?
What is the origin of oil?
Coral growth keeping up with sea level rise?
Relationship between tides and earthquakes
Deadly minerals
Is this XKCD comic an accurate timeline of the earth's average temperature?
How Warm Was the Paleocene?
Rock ID: a glassy, black, translucent mineral
What do cumulonimbus clouds signify?
Help...would like to find out what kind of rock this is.
Why is the core of the earth thought to be iron rather than metallic oxygen?
Earthquakes at plate boundaries
What is a Dry Sea
How to correct PSMSL data for GIA?
Mild climate, low-humidity city all year round
Can anyone identify this stone?
Dig in the rationality of model evaluation of WRF with land-based station data
Can someone help me identify what this is and its worth?
Are extratropical cyclones the same as baroclinic waves?
How does one interpret negative geopotential height values?
Formula for numerical model for sustained warming in marine sediment?
Precambrian shield and Don Valley Brickworks
Possible new air pollution in town, what to do
Are the length of seasons the same globally?
Would a global cooling event disable solar energy usage?
What is principle of inverse modeling?
How does NASA get a 360 degrees texture map of Earth?
How fast does the Earth's inner-core spin?
Why (actually) is the night sky so bright in the city? How far up is that happening?
What? Northern lights are *not* simply caused by energetic charged particles from the sun?
Are there minerals which are not been found on earth but which are still possible to exist?
Would an oceanic asteroid impact really cause a tsunami?
How to do inverse Fourier transformation with Seismic Unix?
Are there any saltwater rivers on Earth?
Has PAZ satellite been launched?
Determining '< x' values as numeric
Digitalizing precipitation data from the image of weather map
What is (negative) wind stress curl?
Where can I find a database of historical wildfires in the USA back to 1960?
doubt about the 'white spaces' in the maps from satellite
Rock ID, Hard, From Anti-Atlas mountains
tectonic faults catalog for plot
Need help understanding what an "isostatic model minimizing crustal deviatoric stress" means
Ocean level rising, or the floor getting higher?
Any historical examples of destructive climate warming?
What is the characteristical time of the loss of the Earth atmosphere, how can it be calculated?
Dolomite in deep-water environment
What does this diagram mean?
Is it possible to have an AR(0) for streamflow?
Convert OMI NO2 Vertical Column Density (molecules/cm^2) into Mixing Ratio (ppm)
Which equations describe complete (or near complete) behaviour of magma moving through rocks?
What would be characteristic time of the escape of an 1atm air (or oxygene atmosphere) from the Moon?
If lava flows back into the ground, would it be called magma?
Searching for database for Colorado soils that goes back to 1990's
What causes the earth to be a good grounding system?
What percentage of the earth's surface is covered by 2D or 3D reflection seismic data?
Latent heat and global circulation
How accurate are the resistivity values from the electrical resistivity tomography (ERT)?
Where do the electric charge carriers for the current for earth's magnetic field come from?
How much does the electric current within the Earth' core depend on the axis of the Earth's orbit?
Have these optical satellite ground station locations been chosen for clear skies?
How did the continental plates came above the oceanic plates?
Why are geologists and geographers not specialists in one of the branches of Earth science?
Making clouds for science project
Permafrost thickness
How to find latitude and longitude?
What is the mineral showing in this piece of gneiss?
How does argon-argon dating work - need a simple but not-wrong explanation
Himalayas are currently rising. What will be the highest point they can reach?
Estimating the residence time of atmospheric CO2 from bomb 14C
What is solidus and liquidus temperature of granite?
How often do king tides (perigean spring tides) occur?
Is this a rock?
If North America were in the southern hemisphere, would the mountains and high desert have to be -east- of Tornado Alley?
What does "rapid" mean in terms of igneous rock formation?
European soil texture dataset according to USDA classification
Do reverse faults tilt the underlying layers of rocks to form an angular unconformity?
Percentage of Oxgen left after burning all the available biomass
Street and road data
Actual thickness of permafrost vs theoretical maximum possibly permafrost thickness
Flooding lakes in geography
Could a reported rainfall pH of 3.1 actually be realistic?
Factors Affecting Soil Profile
Time of concentration - Difference between large and small basins
North Bay of Bengal warm pool anomaly
Would ultra-efficient carbon sequestrion produce immediate results in global temperatures?
Why don't spring tides occur at full/new moon (age of tide)?
Uranium Deposits in the Ocean?
Sun Appearing to have Stopped Shining
What is the CI chondrite concentration of REEs/rare metals, in ppm/grams per ton?
Which mountains are rising?
Color in Gems and Rocks
Why would moving the prime meridian hasten the time when it would be necessary to drop a day from the calendar?
Rock ID: smooth, black, durable rock from Lake Ontario
Future geology professor wants to know quick fixes to get me through unstimulating period
How can a tsunami be 'hot'?
Why does NW coast of Scotland look like it does? (Similar to Norway, so different to other European coastlines)
Is Bowen ratio an absolute indicator of land surface type based on the amount of heat transfer from the surface?
How much garbage goes into the Pacific Ocean every year?
Earth's Internal Heat Engine
Difference between "Geology" and "Physical(Natural) Geography"?
What is meant by phase-change in mantle?
Does the hour of the day and the position on the sun have any influences on the formation of a hurricane?
When there is snow on the ground, can a hurricane still form?
Dino-birds or "Pigeon-o-saurus"
Which greenhouse gas does the most damage to crops?
are laccolith, lobolith, dikes and sills formed of porphyritic texture?
Are the Great Lakes Getting Cleaner, or worse?
Do rising CO2 levels change the appearance of the sky in infrared?
How can every ton of CO2 cost 3 square meters of summer sea ice per year - quantitatively?
How does humidity vary with height in the Earth's atmosphere?
Determing whether an area is Inland or Coastal
Why is it colder in the mountains than at sea level?
Why is the sky bluer in winter than in summer?
What factors affect daily temperature range?
What time and date is the sun directly overhead a given place on Earth?
Is oxygen spread equally on Earth's surface?
How to find instrumental response for a seismic station
Wind speed, precipitation, extreme daily precipitation
Speed of tectonic plate movement
Could evidence of a signal from an exocivilization be found in the geologic record?
Dynamic meteorology - calculating air temperature based off falling air
How much area in the world is under SemiArid climate?
What are these gray and white rocks that show some rust coloration which were found in TN?
What is this heavy little rock?
Extraterrestrial Planetary Sky Color: does it have to be blue?
How can I implement a visualization of archived convective data from numerical weather models?
Can two earthquakes happen at the same time?
Are there any seasonal or diurnal trends in earthquakes?
Latitude and Daylight Hours
Why is the Atlantic anticyclone an area of high pressure if it's the warmest spot on the planet?
Equator and Hours of Daylight
How can I get historical weather data for the United States?
Does organic decay release the same CO2 as burning?
Sun's Highest Point on June 21
Terrestrial Day vs. Venusian Day: Why the Huge Time Difference?
Fossils in this rock from Montana?
Does the moon have any affect on earthquakes being created?
Pangaea, supercontinent formation and fragmentation
How do the known abrupt climate change events fit into the xkcd Earth temperature timeline?
Different peak and mininum discharge times for Newfoundland rivers
The higher value range for the same satellite product (NO2_OMI_TEMIS)
SPI (Standardized Precipitation Index) for 40 years seasonal mean
Lack of annual slash-and-burn in North America?
With respect to latitude and time of year, what geopotential heights are associated with low pressure systems on the North American landmass?
How do I calculate Oxygen requirement in an aerobic waste water pond?
Strange craters in Afghanistan
What is the core of the lightning?
On what authority are carbon credits issued?
How do they know the 2016 Kaikoura (NZ) Earthquake was 'complex', involved six different faults?
Mining and keeping UK minerals?
Is it coincidence that Antarctica is centered on the south pole?
Elevation of Atmosphere differ?
Implications of recent 36 degrees Fahrenheit (20C) anomaly at North Pole?
Where'd Summer go?
How will climate change affect planetary waves?
How far can water wick up above the capillary fringe in sediment or soil?
Sea Level Rise due to Climate Change
Tsunami - Mathematical classification
How does 10mm/yr of plate subduction provide enough material to create eruptions?
What actually happens to reduce the perceived color in a 'white rainbow" or "fog-bow"?
What is the plausability/legitimacy of the San Andreas Fault 'Big One' Megaquake mechanism?
I have found this structure in thin section. What is it?
What would be the sea level rise if all fossil fuel resources are burned?
How long it takes to cool a planet?
Capillary rise experiment and obtainable information about the porous medium
Prompt gravity signal induced by the 2011 Tohoku-Oki earthquake - could this really be useful for warnings?
Musing on Earth's gravity
How do these cutting marks happen in logs?
How do you determine the age of >60 year old water?
What is the current equilibrium surface temperature of Earth, i.e. without the sun?
The edges of the tectonic plates
What is the difference between Precipitable Water (PW or PWAT) and Quantitive Precipitation Forecast (QPF) in terms of computer weather model data?
Is there any mineral identification techniques that works for all minerals?
Do any rivers deposit sediment in their deltas fast enough to counteract sea level rise?
Any site for monitoring equatorial oceanic waves?
Atmospheric Carbon: Whence the discrepancy?
Evidence for "earthquake storm" at the end of the Bronze Age
Muscovite with pleochroic halos?
Could Global Climate Change increase the average moisture in the air?
Methods and Software for Interpolating/Modelling of Stratigraphic Well Data in 2D/3D
Easterly Jet Stream
Other than the South Pole where is the windless place on Earth?
Connections between marine and terrestrial ecosystems
What triggers the formation of channels of ionized air for lightning strikes to occur?
Could this be pyroxene twinning ? (thin section)
Was there once a glacier over Starcke national park in Queensland Australia?
Is this 70km crack in an ice shelf of Antarctica remarkable, or a regular occurrence?
What rate of deforestation would be needed until we run out of oxygen?
Climate change hoax
Why do the magnetic poles move?
In quasi-geostrophic frontogenesis, what happens if the potential vorticity is negative?
I have found this fossil tooth, could it be pliosaur ? Or maybe theropod?
Can someone Identify these rocks?
How can a crystal habit be round?
Calculate the Diameter of earth using Latitude lines
Any idea what are these circular rock marks?
What do physical oceanography grad schools look for?
Why do anticyclones bring clear skies in summertime?
Methane from fracking?
What are seasonal and perennial ponds?
Where can i find a shallow-water solver in MATLAB?
Software and methods used in LIDAR data visualization?
Why are inversion layers so important in meteorology?
Is it typically colder after a storm?
To find hardness in Mohrs scale
Causes and concentration of red rain of Kerala
Does "atmospheric forcing" have a stated definition?
Why does an artesian well dry slower than a normal well?
What is the residue after plant matter is completely decomposed?
Are thunderstorms on consecutive days due to distinct cold fronts
Identifying a desert landform
What is this time zone called?
Has there been loss of natural habitat in north England?
Categories for supervised classification, wildlife analysis
Methods in researching loss of natural habitat
Are there places with rain and snow but no lightning and thunder?
What would the temperature be on Earth without the sun from radio active decay in the Earth?
Reults of the glacials and interglacials of the ice age on the soil
What is the meaning of integral of negative magnetic field (nT) over time?
Are old geophysics textbooks useful?
Ceramic "honeycomb" structure with triangular cells: is it natural?
Calculate flow rate of wetland for gray water treatment
improving image quality from AREA GOES imager data using WCT or other program?
Is it possible to infer the depth of a river from the shapes of the islands and the banks?
How can I test the Air Quality?
Does Earth's magnetic field arise from a fission reactor in its core?
Was Judea as desertified 2000 years ago as it is now?
Are there plants or bacteria that perform NO2 fixation and how relevant are they for improving local/regional air quality?
Global Gridded Daily Temperature (at 2m): difference between GEFS Reforcast and NCEP Reanalysis
Identification of mineral
What is this weird looking structure in Ethiopian desert?
How does quartz form in calcite veins?
How does fog affect the conductivity/breakdown voltage of air?
Is "seismic energy released" a regionalized variable and can be analyzed using geostatistics?
How to identify low or high pressure area
Computing Isentropic Potential Vorticity from Hybrid Sigma Pressure levels
How good is K-Ar dating?
Snow thunderstorms
Rising sea level: flooding of iconic buildings
How to understand the bizarre high level for both PM2.5 and Ozone
Are Helium 3 and 4 being produced by earth's core?
What kind of storm tracks produce snow in the eastern United States?
Anybody know what this may be? Is it some type of meteorite?
Velocity from time and depth seismic images
Is there a way to calculate the ground and 10m temperature from standard 2m temperature measurements?
Are there rules to estimate average temperature
The Size Hierarchy of a Landmass
Can someone please help identify my rock
What is this "crystal ball" located at a meteorological station?
How is it determined whether an air pollutant is "hazardous"?
How much of the Earth's heat is caused by the hot centre?
When metamorphic rocks undergo pressure, how are they changed?
How to convert soil moisture units from meteorological model?
North Atlantic Oscillation (NAO) future prediction - Academic papers?
How does moveout correction work in seismic reflection profiling?
Is there a standardized way to define weather icons based on quantifiable data?
A question about the disruption of global geochemical cycle in anthropocene
Can ocean temperatures affect groundwater storage capacity ?
What reactions change seawater composition in hydrothermal systems?
Does the Earth receive a net charge from the aurorae?
Temperature rise when snowing
Changes in rainfalls, sea level and tropical cyclones
Jet stream core
Is the colour of soil determined by the 'proteins' present in soil?
Analytical solution for seismic wavefield in MATLAB
Circular patterns at bottom of rock, is it a fossil?
Had the climatologists predicted climate change as the deviations to both extremely cold and hot temperatures before?
Does the existence of limestone nodules in a clay soil horizon indicate a limestone bedrock?
What are the implications of the recent discovery that plants regulate their temperature around 21°C?
Why are South African mountains short and flat?
Plate Tectonics: Is it possible to have an ocean-continent divergent boundary
How much water is the atmosphere losing to space?
Does hydroxyl radical chemistry in air quality models create numerical stability problems?
How to calculate w-wind?
The position of magma chambers
What, exactly, is angle of repose, and where is it in this image?
Running WRF with ECMWF GRIB2 model levels
Composition of Martian Crust
Diamond at the Core of Jupiter?
Yellowstone Eruption Possibility?
1950's - 60's Earth Science
Have the seasons always been?
How gold deposits can be formed in Himalayas?
How can I learn to make mesoscale/synoptic analyses of major weather events?
Need help understanding this satellite image of Larson C ice shelf
Why clouds are not moving in NASA's video of the Moon passing in front of the Earth?
At what altitude do winds exert the most force?
upper air data(observation) and analysis step for GFS model
Does the Antarctic Ozone Hole affect the rest of the world?
Units of wave spectrum
What is the difference between lunar and earth soil
Can El Niño and La Niña occur at the same time?
Why do high tides vary month to month?
Why are there craters on the moon?
What negative side effects would occur if silicate mining were used to artificially lower atmospheric CO2 concentrations?
Is it less windy in a valley than on a hill?
Why do buoyantly rising mantle minerals melt, yet buoyantly rising atmospheric waters condense?
Surface temperature in early hadean period
What processes cause basalt to form a columnar structure?
Learn weather forecast
Are these clouds exhibiting gravity waves?
Determining rotation of a bending detachment fault system
The mean direction of waves in a directional distribution
What causes lava eruptions (and shutoffs)?
How did natural processes as we know them develop around effects of winter?
Will we even be burning fossil fuels in approx. 100 years? Worry about climate effects?
How straight is the Kola superdeep borehole?
Why are parts of the Atlas Mountains in Morocco flat?
Need help understanding rain rate formulas from drop sizes
Thermal spring. Gas and water characterization
Does grade of metamorphism apply to igneous and sedimentary rocks?
Does climate change cause increase in co2?
What is the white coating "patina" we often see on deposited chalcedony/agate?
Is the momentum of a volcano's high-velocity ejecta mostly due to expanding gas?
Do you have any informations about fossil-rich cherts from Scandinavia?
What is the reason for differences between these GHCNM and ERSST data?
what is this white rock, Saudi Arabia mountains
Dataset for expected sea level rise in case of massive meltdowns (Greenland/Antarctica)
Heating degree days forecast
Does Magnetic Deviation depend on altitude?
Climatology Career
Why don't lightning strikes cause a lot of injury or damage to property?
Oil production profile of oil fields with water coning
Help me to identify this rock, please,
Are there any signs on the Earth's surface that indicate a shrinking iron core?
How accurate are climate models?
What is this white rock with large brown crystals?
How to calculate column averaged kinetic energy?
How to compute du/dx and dv/dy in moisture flux convergence?
Increase in Stratification late monsoon in Bay of Bengal
How to compute the moisture flux convergence at a grid point?
How to easily remember orientation of latitude and longitude?
What would happen if magma flows into a very large oil deposit?
Does a hurricane with a smaller eye have a lower pressure?
Differences between linear airy wave theory and Stokes' 5 wave theory? and it's application
Trewartha climate classification overlap?
How can I find weather data for greenland sea during the 4 seasons?
How do tectonics work on other planets?
What is the best way to stay safe while photographing lightning storms?
Gases that are nearly transparent to solar AND thermal radiation?
What is the structure of the hot spot under Hawaii?
Can large earthquakes happen few times at same place(in days)
Why do you say that the sensitive buildings, further away from the earthquake, are the ones that suffer more damage than those close to it?
How long does it take for a stone to decompose?
Is non-randomly-sampled historical data representative?
Why did it take so long to discover the volcanic nature of mid-oceanic ridges?
What kind of mineral/rock have I found in the woods?
Is there a quick way to roughly estimate how quickly a flood will move downstream?
What rock is this?
Do divergent tectonic plates destroy mountains?
How to interpret the values of moisture flux convergence?
What is the geologic origin of Cryolite, and could there be more?
What current evidence is there for a Glacial Hudson River Valley deluge?
Why does it rain during the sunny day?
Topographical model of a wind-farm
For how long has the Earth been habitable for humans?
What is the geologic origin of the Bauxite deposit in Bauxite, Arkansas, and could there be more?
Wind direction data
What are the best maps, if any, we have of the convection cells in the Earth's mantle?
Why do meteorologists use DM and equal height surfaces for some maps?
Is Zealandia really big enough to be called a continent?
Is plate tectonics a hoax theory? How can tightly packed plates move?
Rock ID: brittle black/white w/ crystals & mica-like cleavage layers, Raleigh, NC, USA
How does Earth's heat escape to space?
What's the diference between claystone ,silt,mud, mudstone ,mudrock, clay ,shale and siltstone?
Is this iron ore? If so what kind? And is it naturally deposited in texhoma?
How many buildings in tornado prone-areas have storm shelters?
Soil moisture conditions and air temperatures - literature needed
Is the continent with Australia in it Oceania or Australia?
How high can a mountain possibly get?
What mechanism leads to these spectacular iridescent patterns in clouds labeled as a "Fire Rainbow"?
Does subduction of plates make them stretch and form the oceans?
Does ground-to-cloud lightning create crystals as well?
How can we calculate the total water mass that falls during a flood?
Can someone identify this rock with fibrous white veins
National Weather Service "average daily/yearly" (temp, rainfall) life cycle?
What "g" would be needed to keep helium on Earth?
A circle shape in Madagascar
What's the difference between a crater and a vent?
Effect of urbanization on weather events
How can we estimate the amount of sediment that traveled downstream during the California flood?
Is there an instance where the sun sets or rises partly, then return back?
Mineral Rock Identification
Can winds also arise due to a statistical probability that more air molecules suddenly gets an equal direction?
Seeking rock identification
Looking for rock identification
Direct measurments of vertical ocean mixing?
What statistical methods are best for analyzing long-term rainfall data?
Geology: What's make a group of bedrock a formation?
I'm trying to find the name of this rock
Are there any areas on Earth with purplish-colored soil/sand/rock/land?
Calculate Total stress
Would adding sulfur dioxide to the atmosphere have a global cooling effect?
Do Hydro-Carbon extraction units pollute ground water?
What fraction of Earth's crustal material survives the supercontinent cycle?
Why are hail storms always brief?
Is the Earth heated up by the tides?
Why does the emission of aircrafts at higher altitudes have a greater effect on the climate?
Using accelerometer as a seismograph
Cooling time of basalt flows?
How are flying drones and unmanned vehicled used for exploring volcanoes?
Why do modern windmills turn clockwise, but classic mills turn counter-clockwise?
Is there any method to analysis the variation of chemical species removing the meteorology condition
How was it possible that CO2 levels were higher nearly 650,000 years ago?
What caused the bend in the Emperor/Hawaii chain islands?
How does the Coriolis effect affect rivers and estuaries
How much water does a wave transport into a sea cave?
Is it possible that we can reduce climate change given our current actions?
Residence time for another planet
Can you please tell me anything about this rock I found?
What is the temperature of the flowing water in icy river?
How to calculate the Ecological footprint
Carbon dioxide on Mars, Venus and Earth
How can oil can escape from a shale source rock into a reservoir rock?
What geographical areas are NOx sensitive/limited (with regard to ozone)?
Math needed for Hydrology, specifically surface water hydrology
Convert air vapor pressure to relative humidity
How do rivers last so long in dry weather?
Is this a valid semi-diagnostic equation for Omega?
Why in different places seems directions are changed?
Will the next ENSO event be of modoki type?
If the atmosphere is (very nearly) an ideal gas, how can it ever be barotropic?
Is there any case that changed from earthquake safe zone to danger zone?
What is a "show" in petroleum geology?
How do seismic charges help to investigate the subsurface?
Can you measure BOD/COD real time using any sensor?
Rate of climate change with and without humans?
Can one assume atmosphere (primarily nitrogen) is heavier than water (vapor)?
Simulating rainy weather
Please help me identify this very cool rock with a face
Minimum temperature on 15km height on equator in JJA?
Methane leaks from biogas
How long does a magnetic pole reversal take to complete?
What is the difference between nappe and thrust sheet?
What are the formulae for calculating the thermal heating effect of back radiation in greenhouse gases?
Calculate the latitudes of a Gaussian Grid
Relative world carbon footprints by nation?
What field studies have developed or supported the Penman-Monteith equations for estimating evapotranspiration?
Phase conversion of snow and ice due to irradiation versus melting
Can anyone help me identify this?
Is there any place on Earth that is permanently a desert?
Why is WRF-Chem not reading my emissions data?
How could an earthquake be stopped once triggered?
is there any technique developed that can estimate depth of bedrock?
SIGINT error WRF
From where do asteroids get water from?
ECMWF data as WRF input
Are there any energy budget diagram showing separate day/night and summer/winter values?
What is the difference between a flood and a mudslide?
"New" cloud types: Can they be used as markers for climate change observations?
Educational book on science of climate change with action items?
Why would a Martian tsunami travel at only 200 km/hour, four times slower than on Earth?
Rock ID: Grey, 3.5-4.5 g/cm³, slightly rotten-like smell when hit
Are average daily temperatures affected by DST?
What is the physical meaning of the von Kármán constant?
Do humans cause a DST-related shift in average daily temperatures?
How would this experiment's different particle types produce atmospheric reflectivity?
Lake Manasarovar v.s. Lake Rakshastal: fresh-water v.s. salt-water
Was the filling of the Three Gorges Dam's impact on the Earth's rotation rate detectable?
What is this bronze colored rock from Ohio?
How to determine ocean bottom depth for a data set consisting of longitude and latitude?
What drove the Puy de Dôme volcano?
Are EF6 Tornadoes officially recognized
What influences the movement (speed and direction) of tropical cyclones?
Why are deserts mostly located on the western side of continents?
What is a breadboard (retrieval) algorithm in the context of geophysical satellite retrievals/remote sensing?
How is geological time divided into units?
How much worse is the typical subway air, compared to street-level air pollution, in a typical city?
What kind of mine pit in northeastern Minnesota could make residue that turns water turn bright red?
What might cause these "wave clouds" near the horizon? Could it be gravity waves?
What is 'dissection rate'?
How much Sulfur Dioxide is emitted into the atmosphere from a mine fire?
Guidelines for locations of NTU markings on a turbidity tube
What's up with the "jelly sandwich" analogy of the lithosphere, asthenosphere and mesosphere?
How is water surrounding an area of pollution, able to 'trap' that pollution, or otherwise deteriorate air quality?
Does perchlorate(rocket fuel) and jet fuel make the salt and ground water near Cape Canaveral dangerous?
Is climate change homogenous globally
How to compare the oil production in barrel vs production in tons
Accepting/refusing high rainfall measurement
What are the circular features in this rock?
Please identify markings
Pigments from earth
Is winter hotter at the Equator?
Which clouds can produce lighting and thunder?
Why does San Francisco see so much more fog than Seattle?
Are "monoliths" giant, isolated rocks sitting in dirt, or are they continuous with bedrock
MODIS Surface Reflectance Data State QA Aerosol Quantity field meaning is unclear
I need some help with a Crystal or mineral
How does the existence of a Greenhouse Gas Effect (GHE) in the atmosphere affect the tropospheric lapse rate?
What is meant by controlling and reacting factor?
What is meant by controlling and reacting factor?
seismic wave detection standing at the epicenter
Can Monin-Obukhov Similarity theory be generalized to tracers?
The environments of particular deposits
If the earth is a globe, what causes temperature differences across lines of latitude?
Do U & V vectors differ depending on GRIB layers (wind vs current)?
How are global cloud cover estimates generated and how is the data accessed?
Can we determine strike when dip is given? What about the reverse?
At what latitude/longitude was Cornwall, England 75 million years ago?
Fossil or Pseudofossil?
What is the impact of climate change on tropospheric ozone production and vice versa?
How can ice crystals with adsorbed chlorine remain over the south pole all winter?
Could you please identify this rock for me
Current temperature increase VS decrease during the little ice age
How to find Cloud cover data in GFS grib models
How to relate the backward trajectories with offline particular samples?
Unable to read modis sst netcdf file in matlab
Why is ignimbrite associated with felsic magmas?
When do winds gets stronger?
Identifying different parts of a cave
Can you identify this rock with speckles and lines of colours.?
Would a hurricane increase intensity due to increasing translation speed?
Why are most minerals so rare?
Is a controlled fractional crystallization process feasible on the Moon?
Adiabatic lapse rate
Did climate cool down when underground hydrocarbons stocks formed?
How does an incease in the trace gas CO2 in the atmosphere make the earth hotter?
Is there enough water to cover the surface of a topographically normalized earth?
What is an aurora called when viewed from space?
Persistence time of ozone
Difference in sun activity between two towns (Eastern and Western hemispheres)
How to design an experiment to quantify back radiation from atmospheric carbon dioxide?
Why is Thermohaline Circulation (THC) pivotal to life on Earth?
Calculating band depth image for M3 data
Is the ocean guaranteed to warm in a warming climate, regardless of whether it absorbs LW radiation?
What is the difference between GFS analysis and GFS forecast data?
How large can local surface CO2 concentration vary due to natural processes?
Trying to identify this stone
Earth's inner core has an inner core inside itself. Are there three inner cores?
Esker vs. Kame vs. Drumlin - what's the difference?
Do warnings verify better nearer radars?
ppmV versus μmol/mol for atmospheric CO2 - how to convert?
Which physical parameters can we actually measure to confirm the existence of the Greenhouse Effect (GHE)?
CO2 emissions per calorie (food)
What are these metallic nodules that were found at low tide on the UK south coast?
Why Do Carbon Dioxide Levels Vary Seasonally?
Is the work "The photochemical origin of life" ,by A.Dauvillier, in line of principle still valid today?
Understanding climate in 100 year intervals
How can poor tropical soils be enriched by biological means?
What are the differences in terms of appearance between sandstone and limestone?
To what degree do large lakes influence precipitation levels compared to the ocean?
Nitrogen cycle semantics; nitrification/nitrogen fixation
What rock is this that I found on beach?
Experimental testing to falsify the theory of the greenhouse gas effect
If a ship on its way to Germany from Norway sank, where will the survivors likely end up?
How can we have groundwater depletion when the Earth is 78% covered with oceans?
What (if anything) can be learned from accurately recording tilt motion during seismic events?
Why does NOAA no longer provide sunshine data?
How are data from tiltmeters used to monitor volcanic activity?
Can anyone tell me what this is?
The Geological make-up in my area
Why does the loss of water from a felsic magma encourage crystallisation?
Identification of dark red, metallic mineral
Why is "at least a small tilt" between rotation and magnetic axis required by models of magnetic field formation?
Why doesn't the 71% water of the earth dry or evaporate?
Is there any way to measure the amount of radiation the earth receives from the sun?
What causes a change in composition from basanite to nephelinite?
Has there ever been a study done on the effect of steam/thermal pollution on climate
What is the minimum area needed to create a functional weather system?
Beringia - history of the region, periods of sea level fall/rise - paleogeography of Pleistocene
Visually Realistic Supercell Modeling
Why isn't the sun due south at noon?
What are these crystals?
Equation for Atmospheric Pressure Tide
What does the degree and order of Spherical Harmonics mean?
measuring fracture length and width using PKN and KGD models for hydraulic fracturing?
What happens to the earth after volcanism/tectonics slows?
How do we apply the Stefan-Boltzmann equation to radiative heat transfer from/to CO2 in the atmosphere?
A sedimentary rock with only minerals
Is it true that aquaponics yield crops with a lower nutritional value than soil-agriculture?
Why is the part of the earth tilted towards the sun warmer? Which factors matter more?
Are Great Britain and Italy parts of the same geological feature?
Do archaeologists deliberately leave parts of sites untouched so that someone can come back later?
Why do values stored in data files, such as climate model output, appear to be high?
Comparing the 4th of August 1998 earthquake to the 16th of April 2016 earthquake in Ecuador
How to interpret seismic interferometry data?
Is there any evidence for higher air pressures in the geological past?
How can the hydrosphere be properly used to reduce the load on the lithosphere
Result of deterioration of vegetation
Modified blackbody model of earth. What is wrong with it?
Elevation of a point on Earth
Has anyone driven under, or received camera footage from, the Great Artesian Basin in Australia?
Why do fjords have sills?
How old is Earth's groundwater?
calculation of coefficients for snow melt DDF
How far up do you have to go before most of the atmosphere is below you?
What are the blue spots in this rock?
ISA Model and GFS data
Are "rainy season" and "less rainy season" good ways to describe Amazon seasons in English scientific language?
How do these cloud forms grow?
Linear Boussinesq Equation for groundwater flow in inconfined aquifer?
Timeline of Himalayas/Tibetan plateau formation
what is a transverse isotropic rock?
How can I analyze how environmental conditions are related among different sites?
How can scientists measure chemical composition on other planets?
During an average winter, what part (if any) of the Mississippi River becomes unnavigable?
Where can fluorite be found on Long Island, New York?
Can caliches form in arctic soils?
What are these oblong shaped rocks called, with pigment inside?
Could you please identify the type of this limestone?
Deposition in epioceanic areas
Which has a greater effect on the temperature of a lake: the number of fish, or the angle of the rays of light hitting the surface of the lake
Black, iridescent rock found on beach in NY
What causes jagged appearance of mountains in SE Asia?
Crystallization path of diopside-wollastonite-silica systems
How come ZamZam water in Mecca never runs out?
How long do geysers typically stay active in Yellowstone?
Does thermal bubble initiated in WRF dissipate over time?
The grains of the parabolic dunes
What does mean "background" in statistics or geostatistics?
Bluish rock... help in identifying it and is it worth anything?
Pinkish quartz like. Help identifying and if it is worth anything?
Is there a list of instances where mountains that have been mined out of existence?
What is the difference between the Hydraulic diffusion equation and the Richards equation in groundwater dynamics?
Where do rivers like the Rio de la Plata end and the ocean begin?
How does the estaurine turbidity maximum vary depending on the type of estuary?
Why is the temperature between the earth core and surface not distributed linearly?
Why is thunder and lightning rare, even though it rains frequently?
Where is the Arctic Circle for civil and astronomical twilight?
Effect of snow on BVOC emmisions of plants/trees
Abiogenesis: Formation of Lipids from Montmorillonite
How to calculate cumulative moment magnitude?
Coupling recharge with 1D groundwater flow model
How much energy released by the Theia-Gaia impact?
What is this stone?
What are the different hardness scales?
Are there measurements or calculations that suggest atmospheric ice plates would be horizontal to within 0.1 degrees?
Could a "sunbrella" parked at L1 block enough solar energy to counter global warming?
Drawing strike lines when given strike and dip
What is the definition of wind gust?
Will photosynthesis based carbon sequestration always be more efficient than other chemical means - in terms of rate?
How does MSLP change with elevation? trying to interpolate MSLP
Where can I find the record for the heaviest single-day rainfall ever recorded on any date at a specific location?
Do volcanos really create fertile soil?
Why is the zonal component of flow in the ocean much larger than the meridional component
What causes this white coloration of the ground in Gilf-Kebir?
How did the The Fukushima Nuclear Disaster affect Japan's vegetation?
What is this vesicular grey rock?
How to calculate 3-hour flux values in ERA-Interim?
If rocks are stones, what type of rock are gallstones?
Are there gases from the Earth useful to generate electricity besides "natural gas"?
Is there a name for these "pouring" clouds?
Photo of sprites in a clear dark sky, how is this possible?
Moisture flux convergence in GrADS
Can we extrapolate wind speed data to higher altitudes?
Unidentified black spherical rock
Is there a lake whose sole source of water is rain and has a hole at the bottom draining it?
Can ice caps reform if they disappear?
What forms do groundwater flow equations have when Dupuit supposition is not considered?
What are those arrowlike underwater structures for?
Why is it good scientific practice to 'build' a 'control Earth' from models, and where else do we 'build' controls?
Is the Unified Theory of Climate (Nikolov & Zeller) compatible with the AGW/GHG theory in any respect?
What is this vein-bearing rock?
How are scatterometer observations standardised before being fed into reanalysis models?
Are there datasets like the global land-ocean temperature index for land surface temperature only?
What causes these circular swirls of islands?
Identify these crystals
Did Theia collide directly with proto-Earth?
Why do cities at high altitude regions have high atmospheric pressures?
What's the difference between snow cover and fractional snow cover?
Please help me identify this stone
ERA Interim problem with Waves
What is meant by inverted water table?
Why are larger tornadoes stronger?
Why does this contrail diverge and then converge?
Are there any effects on the atmosphere comparable with ebb and flood of the oceans?
What are the advantages of analyzing temperature in Kelvin?
What is the "global mean surface temperature change estimate" an estimate of?
Rock ID: Opaque Glassy Gem with Unknown Location
What 'time of day' did the heavy bombardment period begin?
Are hurricanes/cyclones/typhoons in the Pacific Ocean usually larger than in Atlantic Ocean?
How and when people first realized that Antarctica is a continent?
What is the equivalent of CFL criterion when using spectral models?
Why does relative humidity seem to correlate with high temperature (at least where I live)?
Is there a software or means that can generate piper diagrams without some data?
The fertility of the soil
Possible reasons for field GOR being below Solution GOR(Rs)
Not able to open .f000 file formats in pygrib
Why should this be a thrust fault?
Why are frontal zones connected to low-pressure systems but not to high-pressure systems?
Seismometer records ground displacement or acceleration
How to simulate wind's trend from his windrose distribution?
Formation of petrified trees
How are daily precipitation totals computed?
gamma ray burst, extinction-level event
Rock ID: hard, smooth, found on hill south of Nashville
Where can I get mineral testing done?
How to make, read, and calibrate a ping-pong ball anemometer?
Reisdual soil and the atmosphere influence
What produces these distinct shapes in the Rub' al Khali seen from space?
Does the length of a river depend on the scale of measurements?
Why is northern Australia unsuitable for agriculture?
Why does halite have a cubic crystal
classification of oil shale
Lanes of flat ocean surface in coastal waters
When was the first desert formed?
Which chemicals in smog obscure visibility?
How to interpret cloud coverage chart?
Where can I find information about the basic concepts of sedimentary basins?
What factors make Lake Turkana a great location for preserving fossils?
How do tectonic plates move upward?
What is difference between partially penetrating stream and fully penetrating stream?
Is San Andreas fault horizontal or vertical?
An unusually heavy and hard rock found in Western Kentucky
Does solar wind perturb Earth's magnetic field ? If so, what are the consequences?
What techniques are used to date asteroid impacts?
Can you Identify this?
Is there a better system than latitudes and longitudes?
What causes ringing effect when using corner filter?
I found this stone can someone identify it?
A layered smooth rock that sparkles under a flashlight, with transparent plastic-like parts
There are cloud identification guides, are there also (guided) rock identification websites?
What are these lines on this stone?
Rock identification : very hard brownish black with gold shimmer found on beach in RI
Why is ocean salinity not a good chronometer?
Estimate the flow velocity of a river with satellite images
Energy Released From Thunderstorms
Can a voltage difference precede cloud-to-ground lightning, and can it be measured over a short distance?
Reasons for choosing LES in stead of RANS models?
Why are CO2 sensors so expensive when CO sensors aren't?
Is there any way to estimate, what is the percentage of the mass of a storm cloud that turns into rain?
Why do I occasionally see a lenticular cloud when there's no mountains for hundreds of miles?
What is that drain east of newfoundland
What is trace-based seismic Inversion
Good practices and pitfalls when fitting models $y = f(weather)$ and predicting $\hat{y} = \hat{f}(GCM)$
How to calculate the kinetic energy spectra from ocean current timeseries?
Prevailing Winds: Is the speed relevant?
What are the Theoretical Limits for Tornado Size and Strength
Single-layer water content variables
Correlation and causation
Odd Inuksuk-like objects
How to properly setup a domain in NWP model (WRF) according to meteorological input data
Rock identification: white/beige crystals
Relative UVB reflectance of white cloth vs aluminum
How are deposits of metals like tantalum located?
Is there a formula to calculate shoreline length or water position from ocean?
What are the differences between Climatology, Meteorology and Atmospheric Science?
Boundary problems in stratigraphy
What could the ball of cloud I saw be?
Considering how old the Antarctic ice cover is, why isn't it much thicker?
Difference in surface temperature between the Northwest Atlantic and Northeast Atlantic
How Copernicus figured out that it took 7 parts of water and 1 part earth until the entire Earth was submersed in water
In the oil field, when a vertical cylinder coring sample is taken, how is the core severed at the bottom and removed from the formation?
MS in Geosciences With Concentration in Environmental Geosciences Degree Outlook
Land's effect on winds and currents?
If an asteroid strikes a glacier, does it make a print on the land below?
Can the atmosphere affect the composition of igneous rocks?
How do we calculate if a meteoroid will completely burn up in the atmosphere?
How do I convert a latitude/longitude coordinate to a NOAA GFS grid cell location?
Could this study "totally dismantle" Global Warming claims?
Soluble reactive phosphorus or Dissolved Inorganic Phosphorus?
"Impression and pseudomorphism" in fossils
Is it possible to determine where gold might be found based on a map, and if so, how?
Why is this area colder than the surrounding hotter area?
Is Ozone Layer a Valid Concern
I inherited a mineral collection from an amazing geologist and friend
What are 'sulphate particles' in the context of atmospheric chemistry?
How are 'road-like passages' between Himalayan mountains formed?
The giant 6,000 km$^2$ iceberg A-68; will ground-truth telemetry supplement satellite tracking data?
How did the terms "acidic" and "basic" come to be associated with $SiO_2$ in igneous rocks?
How old is the Earth?
Are greenhouse effect and ozone depletion correlated?
Are fossil fuels really formed from fossils?
What is this? Found near a lake in Texas. Broken open it's smooth and shiny
Hypothetically, would digging a big trench from the ocean and flooding desert areas be a bad solution to combatting sea level rise?
Is it a lunar meteorite?
Are there sources that offer derivative climate change data?
What are the most similar Earth analogues to Mars' seasonally recurring slope linea?
How do glaciers move? Could Antarctica be separated?
Sediment boundarys produced by largest meteors? Vredefort, Sudbury and Chicxulub
I don't know what this rock is
How to get single value of NDVI value from four different directions?
Stone identification
Freely available and re-distributable weather observations over the US?
Is there a conceptual diurnal model for ozone profile?
Climate change model
Soil metals acids and bases
Is snow less likely to appear at a coastal area?
Is every space group realized by some mineral?
How is it possible that only the bottom half of the moon was showing?
Is this an impact breccia?
How to handle negative cosine of Solar Zenith Angle while calculating clear-sky UV Index?
Post-stack seismic impedance (and amplitude) inversion confusion
Making sense of the math of climate change
How will sea level rise be distributed across the globe?
Different atmospheric models available for personal usage?
Amplitude scaling in seismic inversion
How to calculate air temperature for given time, location and altitude?
Water and explosive volcanoes in the Pacific ring of fire
Why are storms relatively short on Earth?
Does the diameter of the earth decrease because of soil subsiding due to irrigation and rainfall over the years?
Volcanoes and Lightning
Calculating error in measuring geomagnetic Anomalies using IGRF
Should Imilac (meteorite) be singular or plural?
How much is Solar Radiation effected by Axial Tilt or Obliquity?
Is there an atmospheric data database somewhere on the web?
Does the elliptical orbit of the Earth have effect on Earth's climate?
Is the centre of Italy still at risk of earthquakes?
Aligator or Dinosaur Fossil skin type rock
When did people first realize that hurricanes are a particular type of storm system?
What is it called when water forms to look like a root structure?
How to Interpret this set of Latitude and Longitude?
Coal self-heating and spontaneous combustion, how does this happen?
Why is Helium only found in wells mixed with natural gas?
The phase of a seismic source
Earth's orbit and historical sun-earth distance
Shear-Waves and Stress
Can you help me identify this stone-very heavy, very cold, waxy feel, metal scratches white Ivory color, carved not poured
To delineate the drainage basin for a lake, would the pour point be the inlet or the outlet?
Seismic Reflectivity and Fractal (Random) Behavior
Mountains and solids on other planets
Hydrology - Depression cone VS transmissivity
Live video feeds for submarine ROVs?
What are some regions where land-living island animals have left fossil records within the sea, of the coast of the island?
correct way to calculate transport through a section in an ocean numerical model
Predicting rainfall with governing equations
Light at the coast - is it different?
Help identifying a rock?
T-phigram satellite derived sounding vs model output question
Help us identify this rock... please!
Plotting wind barbs in python (no U,V component)
How did Australia separate from India?
Rock ID: round, black, heavy, non-magnetic rock from UK
Geology - Rock Identification help please. Melted metal looking rocks in the middle of nowhere
What are these rocks
Pileus / velum & altocumulus / altostratus - classification problems
Why do diamond mines seem to always appear conical? Are the above-ground mines all that way? All at about the same angle?
How could this pyramidal Mountain have been formed?
What is the difference between Saprolite and Regolith?
Rock ID: silver crystalline rock found in Nevada?
Winter Wheat & Wildfires
Is it possible to obtain the richter grade of an earthquake with the data of an accelerometer?
How is OLR power of the atmosphere distributed with altitude?
Is the Ethiopian Plateau uplift still ongoing?
How is Doppler radar used in rain prediction?
Depth of the wind-induced currents and the shoreline
Does negative reference evapotranspiration make sense using FAO Penman-Monteith equation?
Why has the average low for the hottest months in Clearwater Florida about 5 degrees higher than the historical average?
What are the usable minerals that can be found in our daily life?
What causes this striped rock formation?
How to explain the diurnal variation for different seasons
Are ramp pumps the solution to the global water problem?
How big does a pointed piece of tungsten need to be to self-propel into the earths core by gravity alone?
Did the Haber-Bosch process enable the population explosion?
How to interpolate scattered data to a regular grid in Python?
Are Earth´s interannual global climate variations affected by other bodies in the solar system and their evolution?
Saharian calima dust, apart of Fe2O3 does contain FeO?
Ekman Transport
Thermohaline current in North Atlantic
Is the Mauna Loa CO$_\mathsf{2}$ record affected by the nearby mantle plume?
What is likely to have happened with these newly discovered antarctic volcanos below the ice?
How much atmoshphere is there compared to land and water
Is the impact of carbon emision dependent on the location on the earth?
Area reduction factor reference for precipitation
How do we know how much Uranium was in any given sample when it was deposited?
How can we calculate the temperature of the atmosphere, including the greenhouse effect?
What would be the depth variation of a "water ellipsoid" above a reference ellipsoid Earth?
Changes in Real Solar size around 1979?
How close to the magnetic poles will a compass be accurate?
Where are earthquakes felt more: on top of a building or on the ground floor?
Are fossils in slate 3 dimensional or does the slate split open at the weakest point where the flat imprint of the fossil is found?
Data sets for historical sea level estimates
Approximation of ancient landmasses using current ocean floor data
Cooling film area to undo global warming
Calculating Solar Noon from Sunrise and Sunset
What stones are these?
Why don't weather forecast models normally take solar eclipses into account?
why we don't have solar eclipse every month?
How long does it take to refresh the entire water supply in the Earth's atmosphere?
Does this paper, using neural nets, prove industrialization is irrelevant to global warming?
How to prepare GrADS's .ctl file to convert grd file into .nc file in batch mode?
How to make wind forecast like Predictwind.com? Which mathematical model has been used?
How can I calculate the sensitivity of a seismometer?
Where did clouds obscure the American eclipse of August 2017?
Linear vs nonlinear seismic inversion
Are there probably decent oil fields located in the middle of the ocean?
What part of a hurricane determines if it makes landfall?
Can anyone please help me identify this rock?
Is the seafloor of the Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean Sea mostly sedimentary rock?
How can a storm drop 40 inches (1 metre) of rain?
Why would Google's map of areas affected by Hurricane Harvey have advisories for the west coast and other far away areas?
What was the storm surge height from Hurricane Harvey?
Which places in Earth's crust have the highest concentrations of Iron?
Help! Is this a Lake Superior agate or a jasper?
What is this ring of cloud?
Phase relation for mantle?
Can anyone identify this stone? It was a gift and I can't remember what it is!
Identifying circle of light in night sky
Earthquake database for fault
Difference between NCEP's 20th Century daily Forecast and Analysis variables
Is there a reconstruction of paleoclimate sea level air pressure?
Why do human populations concentrate near fault lines, volcanoes, etc.?
Could water pressure at the coast be the cause of continental drift?
Interpolation and extrapolation of unstructured data in python: memory error
Average life span of a hurricane
What statistics do we have regarding the probability of window breakage by wind speed?
Are there ways stormwater attenuation can be quantified for comparison between different systems or conditions?
ID request; Is this potassium feldspar?
What is the mixing ratio of a cloud?
Will global warming lead to agriculture in the Arctic?
What is the rock I found on the Delaware river yesterday?
What are the distinguishing features of an "artificial seismic wave" (e.g. a large underground explosion)
What makes a nuclear winter so extreme and destructive?
What allowed the Himalaya to become so high?
Why were both the sun and the moon red today?
How can crystal habit be determined when rock is worn and rounded?
Does a hurricane classification exists where estimated rainfall is taken into account?
Found this stone and would love to know what it is :)
Ways, Through Science, to Counteract Hurricane Forces?
Which parts of the ocean have been explored?
How does wind cause large waves?
Growth of polar vortices vs projective geometry; what does this figure mean?
Could a firestorm create a hurricane-like cyclone?
Radius of Influence - groundwater pump well
How to handle leap years when working with environmental conditions time series?
What does strata mean here?
Why don't they give hurricanes uncommon names?
Can hurricanes set off earthquakes?
Is there a table available for the maximum potential intensity of hurricanes?
Hurricane eye on landfall and relation to wind speeds
First stone like this
Eclipse, Hurricanes, Earthquake....Related Events?
A few questions about glass
Effects of Mexican Earthquake in San Andreas Fault Line
Could we cool the ocean by reflecting away sunlight to influence hurricanes?
Human hurricane forecasting?
Can strong winds significantly lower ocean surface levels, or is it really the static pressure differences?
Soil Science and the carbon cycle - is carbon released from soil into the atmosphere?
Identification of dark red mineral
Do hurricanes cool the earth?
Why is the Inner Core of the Earth solid in spite of being the deepest and the hottest layer of the Earth
How Do Plateaus Really Form?
Do solar storms affect Earth's weather?
How did a tropical storm starting with "D" end up next to a typhoon starting with "T"?
Do surface temperatures at lower latitudes continue to correlate with frequency of noctilucent clouds in the arctic stratosphere?
'Forcing' in PDSI Calculation
SEGD and SEGY recorded data
How can this fountain of (hot?) water coming out of the Earth arise?
In search of California ecosystem vegetation field guide
Weird stone found in Lancashire
Do Antarctic research stations use any of the local resources, like water, or is everything flown in?
What type of rock is this found in a common UK stone mix?
What makes up a gradient
Prevailing winds between 30 to 60 degrees latitude
Source of Dresser Formation 3.5 Ga dating
how high was mount vesuvius (mount somma?) before it erupted in AD 79?
Is there a sort of "global natural disaster" index?
What is that spooky humming sound heard in earthquake footages?
What is this canoe-shaped rock with obsidian? flakes?
How does the energy of tornadic winds compare to floodwaters?
Rossby radius as horizontal scale
Designing FIR or other filters for soil water content
Centrifugal Force in the Navier Stokes Equations
How different can microclimates be than their surrounding areas?
What type of stone is this?
Where does water vapor go/what does the sun do?
I found this rock on my way home and have done some research and only found one picture that relates to this rock, WHAT IS IT?
How to map (survey) the structure of crust
What is this rock we found in a store?
Was the Earth's sea-level significantly lower in ancient times?
Where is the hot air for Australia's record spring heatwave coming from?
Is there a measure for the "dominance" of a city's population?
How are giant sinkholes filled up?
For slab rollback, what allows the subducting plate to begin descending at a steeper incline?
Generating netCDF file composed of zeros?
Conversion of BUFR format into grib
Does a table summarizing basic details of significant operational weather models exist?
Guinea Current existence in the Atlantic
If you were to create the most devastating and powerful Atlantic Hurricane ever, what path would it take and how would the storm progress?
Why does the intensity of sunlight depend on your latitude?
Geology: facies v. formations
Why a stratus cloud does not always reach all the way to the ground?
Why is Massanutten mountain so dramatically different than surrounding mountains?
Is this an accurate simulation of a further south Australia with a filled lake Eyre?
Present results as log data
Who can it belong to? fossil tooth
Wavewatch III data
What mechanism is used to measure ocean currents from cables?
Where does the Amazon River really begin?
What is the definition of "ground-up shell"?
Movement of the Prime/Greenwich Meridian
Why was the sky SO yellow?
When is the next glaciation due?
Where are the oldest igneous rocks found?
Antarctica Exploration
Did the formation of Panama trigger the beginning of Ice Ages?
Is there a minimum snow depth to be considered as presence of snow?
What was the density and composition of Earth's atmosphere during the Cretaceous warmest period?
What are the arguments FOR Climate Change influenced by the drifting of Geomagnetic Poles?
Would the oceans have boiled off if life (cyanobacteria) hadn't evolved on Earth?
Is this a fossil or a mark on the stone
After days of smoky air, why is it healthier to stay inside?
Is a glacier advancing or retreating? How to tell?
Less pollution: moving hurricane debris to other regions for use, or burning?
Is there an Existing Model of Computing Rice Sufficiency?
Is archived lightning data from the GOES-16 beta test available?
What is this Lake Michigan rock?
Websites providing visual weather data
What conditions could produce 50 km long lava tubes?
Can you identify these rocks?
Cause of Wallace line
Can the formation of gypsum evaporites (sand roses) be simulated in the lab?
How to sample for K-Ar dating?
Least populated time-zones
Adding time dimension and corresponding new variable to a netcdf file
How to create a species accumulation curve by hand?
Is the Hadley cell a problem for the air mass?
Is evapotransporation accounted for in climate models?
Role of radiation parametrization update frequency in Tropical Cyclone simulation
Regarding compression, shuffle filter of netcdf4
What is this rock found close to active volcano
Is there a table with decomposition temperatures of common minerals?
Modelling the unsaturated zone in FeFlow in seawater intrusion scenarios
Unable to prepare input file for HSPF software for watershed modeling!
Is there a high-temperature, non-magnetic glue that doesn't dissolve in water?
What type of fossil is this found at northern Ohio?
estimation of prehistoric sea levels
Where on Earth does paleo-groundwater exist?
Infared & Thermal imaging
Haze in Arizona / Grand Canyon that gets more apparent around noon - smog or something else?
Natural spiral pattern of grass - what could cause this?
NaN values of aerosol variables in KF/Kuo parametrization schemes
Forest rings shape regularity
What wind speeds and gusts can usually damage houses or trees?
How can isostatic compensation of the crust be reconciled with a relatively strong upper mantle?
What is this lavender stone?
Earth revolve Around the sun.
Change in vertical wind intensity in atmospheric modeling
How come the tide is low when the moon is high in the sky
Could diamonds be formed from coal?
How do we calculate an average temperature for the air above a specific point from weather data?
Classification of rivers according to width
calculation monocationic elements
Dissolved minerals
Lights associated with earthquakes?
I was wondering if anyone could help me identify this rock
What is the total weight of mineral extractions from Earth per year?
Earths rotation
Passive capillary wick samplers
What is this rock I found being sold in a store?
Asking help about rock identification
Books about industrial medical and culinary herb growing
'River-effect' snow
What is seismic stretch in geophysical method?
Why RBF is gridless and kriging is not?
What is the consensus among geologists about climate change being caused by humans?
Central Texas ore/rock identification
What control the atmospheric lifetime of different metals in aerosols?
How Can Smog in Metropolitan Cities like Delhi & Beijing Be Reduced?
Gnomonic projection of a curves with constant latitude
Estimated volume, daily or annually, of sea level rise due to melting ice?
Can Volcanic Eruptions Help Combat Global Warming in the Long Run?
Current contaminant levels from Deep Water Horizon oil spill?
Should I get my master's in Environmental Science or Environmental Engineering given a Computer Science background?
Does the Composition of Rock Near the Epicenter Affect the Effects of an Earthquake?
Could earth run out of O2?
Results of large woody debris in river/lake
What are the most notable papers in tropical cyclone research?
Why do tropical cyclones get more attention than extratropical cyclones?
Derive Reference Potential Evapotranspiration from Potential Evapotranspiration
Why does Australia have no chrome?
Were there any plans or proposals for "unilateral geoengineering deployments" before this paper was publsihed?
Missing Data in GSOD Data
Gypsum saturation index
Does human body temperature impact climate change?
Seismic data spectral analysis
Do high pressure systems draw air towards them?
How to install WRF on a Mac?
How can I account for rainfall effects on air pollution?
What is the global distribution of oil filled geodes?
What kind of stone is this? Please help!
In which ways is soot the perfect absober of infrared and the absorber of ultraviolet?
What caused the Carbon Dioxide Variations observed in the 800,000-year polar ice record?
What caused the earthquake in Kuwait on Nov 12, 2017?
Can we predict the earthquake before it occurs a while? What is the maximum period?What are the signs of an earthquake soon?
What is the mean amount (in grams) of dissolved carbon in a ton of sea water?
The sun rises up at 7:30 in 25°E, What time will the sun rise up in 15°E?
Limitations on mineral precipitation from solution
Was the small Vanuatu Tsunami detected by remote monitors in the ocean before it reached land?
where can I download ECHAM climate model data?
What is the loudest thunder ever recorded (dB) at ground level and where did it occur?
The factors should be considered to determine one specific pollutant originated from regional transportation?
What software for cloud motion forecasting
High resolution global land use projections
Dolomite and calcite precipitation
Estimating fracture pressure (looking for literature to support)
Was the "'Bama Boom" even recorded by infrasound or by seismic detectors?
Understanding the sunshine duration metric
What is a Sand Motor "for"?
Typhoon in December of 1864 in Japan?
Colder winters along the North American Atlantic northeast
What are these features in the Tombouctou Region?
Can someone provide a map of Nazca lines with this image in it?
Defining dry/wet season in Europe
Satellites minerals finding capability
Possibility of Domino Effect
Why is this area apparently unpopulated in the great Buenos Aires, what is it?
Radon is a naturally occurring radioactive gas. How does this work?
Theorist speculate about dozens of loud atmospheric booms across globe
How exactly did Patterson determine the parameters in his Pb–Pb geochron equations?
How to calculate seismic moment from seismograms?
What stone is this?
Analyzing composition of a mineral using SEM
Polar Ice caps are melting? Questions on enviromental impact
How much does the productivity of modern agriculture depend on Glyphosate?
How much gasoline in cubic meters is used per day?
Is there any new water formed on, or brought to, Earth?
Is it possible to set up a farm starting with processed foods?
Do I need a permit for putting retrievable sensors in ocean (Atlantic)?
Why does the colour of Earths oceans vary?
What kind of stone is on this photo
Does seismic anisotropy follow stratigraphy?
Oldest to Newest Bedrock in the USA "road trip"
Roughly how much Co2 is generated per kWh of electricity generated
What models are available to estimate effect of surface water on groundwater quality?
Do solar panels reduce the amount of suns rays reflected back into the atmosphere ? Therefore reducing global warming
Issues with projection and fig using python and mpl_toolkits.basemap
How could a 9 hour rainbow be possible?
Sun's Effect on Water Vapor in the Air
How much mass has humanity added to the planet?
Software to draw maps based on Earth
Is this why oceans are salty?
Why are there no wild fires in New England?
Which CMIP5 models give the highest and lowest warming for RCP8.5?
Applications of differential/integral calculus in crystallography (teaching undergraduates)?
Looking for fun and illuminating weather visualizations
How could this "aztec temple" mountain (or volcano) have been formed on Antarctica?
What type of minerals exist in this rock?
Can we call the Precambrian eons (i.e. Archaic and Proterozoic) eras?
Severe storm predictions: What meteorological considerations go into hazard assessments?
Earth and moon have different mantle compositions. Is this a fatal flaw in the 'Giant Impact hypothesis'?
Aspiring Geophysicist
Effect of reducing conditions on melting point
How do spectral methods work in the context of numerical weather prediction models?
Change on naval distances
What is Oligo-Miocene radiation?
Why is carbon pollution given more importance than Sulfur pollution or Nitrogen pollution?
Tsunami Characteristics
Understanding pushbroom sensors
Which geothermal power plant type is most effecient?
Are pumps used in geothermal systems?
Fault Lines in North America
Calculating mean time spent precipitating for a specified period/area?
Mass balance for calculating mantle composition
Formation of minerals from decomposition of soil
What controls the acidity of the ocean?
What factors influence cloud height and type?
Is 2,000 years from now a credible figure for return to glaciation?
Can the Bering Sea Rule be used to predict the weather?
Rock ID: multiple textures, and unusual formations, southern CA
How does extinction caused by human activity compare to extinction caused by glaciation?
How do quartz veins form?
Building massive seawall around endangered Islands like Mauritius to save from climate change
Problem in identification of seismic event?
Would a Yellowstone eruption destroy global agriculture?
Huge netcdf files handling
What is serpentinization, in the context of disappearance of surface water on Mars?
Sulfate salts of magnesium and sodium
Acoustic impedance in geophysical context
Saturation Index clarification
Is there a name for this weather phenomenon?
Is this quartz crystal or something else?
What is a "tar shower?"
Why are earthquake considered spot things?
How can I figure out the time it will take different clay and silt particles to precipitate out of water
Why is cold air fast in an occluded front, but slow in an anti-cyclone?
Are weather forecast models more accurate for either high or low temperatures?
Geological maps of British Columbia
Earthquakes PGA/PGV in time?
Why does mineral oil occur below natural gas?
Why do nearby thunderstorms move in different directions?
Identifying beach rocks
I found this rock in my back yard. What is it?
Request for identification: Building
Does a registry for fallen meteors exist?
Freeze variations
Is this a meteorite?
Is it anthracite coal?
How were smaller reptiles/mammals more successful at surviving the KT event than larger dinosaurs?
Why is runaway global warming a possibility despite all current fossil fuel deposits once having been in the atmosphere?
Why is wind sporadic in a Boston northeaster?
How much of one day can be considered nighttime, on average?
Best way to interpolate bathymetry with a directional component?
What are we seeing when we see the curvature of Earth?
What are Ordovican trace fossils, and what do they look like?
Is the Arctic ice dissapearing faster than IPCC models say?
Could parallel rivers flow in opposite directions?
What level of heat creates a dust devil?
What will happen to the tropical rainforest when climate increases by 5°C?
Why is my pond / lake melting when the temperature is still far below freezing?
With humans out of the equation, what could cause forest fire?
For how long have the great karst springs of the Aachtal been active?
What determines the spatial resolution of a study?
How is tiltmeter data processed?
How stormy (wave height) does Lake Baikal get?
Calculating fetch
Effects of global warming on drought in India
2018 Swan Islands earthquake tsunami
How much curvature of the Earth can be seen at altitude?
What controls the tendency of trace elements in different particle size fractions?
What are the basic rules of how light and seasons affect landscape and objects lighting?
Volcano in ocean?
Seismogram deconvolution in SAC
Pyrite oxidation
Agricultural non point source of pollution (AGNPS) model input data
What is the difference between N-MORB, E-MORB and OIB?
Formation of dolomite
Chloride and evaporation
Satellite ocean near-surface air temperature data
Want to buy wind speed sensor, small, cheap
What is this island or reef 600 km east of Marianas Islands?
Calculation of apparent heating (Q1) and apparent moisture sink (Q2) as defined by Yanai et al. (1972) using NetCDF data?
Saltwater River Freeze and Thaw
Can I use radar data to estimate snowfall, or is there a better way?
Could we plant enough trees to offset greenhouse gas emissions?
Help me identify these New Zealand rocks
Can someone please identify my rock(?) found on a beach
What is this complex reddish-brown stone with lighter spots found at a NZ beach?
minimum mass required for earth to retain its atmosphere?
How averaging works in GFS model from NOAA?
Is there any correlation between Grand Solar Minimums (GSM) and earthquakes?
Would the enthalpy of fusion for melting ice fields be a causative factor for colder winter weather?
The formation of West Mata
Why air do not suffer density stratification of its gaseous components?
Are high velocity winds, or the lack of wind, the most common cause for low visibility?
What separates the Karakoram Range, the Hindu Kush, and the Himalayan Range?
Do Siberia and Canada have a rasputitsa?
classifying the actual weather data of Cfb climate to dry, normal and wet periods
How to read EUMETCAST GOME-2 data?
Why does the absence of diabatic heating rate and frictional terms make the zonal and vertical velocity identically zero?
Is the theory of hot spots compatible with lengthy volcanism?
baroclinic current - dimensional analysis
How to calculate humidity using outside temperature and outside relative humidity?
The influence of special emissions (possibly coal mining activity) on particulate matters
barotropic component definition
What would it be like to live in an ice age?
Can anyone identify this gem or stone please?
How much of Earth is carbon-based?
Megathrust earthquakes on subduction zones
How eluvial process determines the difference in colour of soil layers
How much would a nine inch slice of the Earth's inner core weigh?
Difference between pyrite oxidation and dissolution
How much rain falls on the Earth each year?
Relationship between natural disaster and global warming, in the media
Can someone identify this stone/mineral?
What regions of the US will have *improved* climate given current predictions of climate change?
If there's more water in the atmosphere due to global warming, how are there fewer mountain glaciers?
My father collected these near rivers in the Sierras of Calif. in the 1930s-1950s. Can someone tell me what they are? He has dozens of them
I found this stone in the Forest Liberia
What is the relationship between raw seismic data, CMP Stacking, NMO & Machine Learning
What kind of rock is this?
Divergent boundary and trenches between oceanic plates
Where do riverbed stones come from?
Is the Mid-Atlantic Ridge a ridge or a trench?
High tides at Venice
Is this a conglomerate type sedimentary rock?
Calculate the number of model grid cells covering a specific country
How long does it take for fossil fuels to renew?
Inorganic Limestone and Inorganic Gypsum
Why does glacier ice look blue?
Puzzle using relative dating principles
Status of overdue glaciation hypothesis
If a prevailing wind traveled due east in the Northern Hemisphere, would the Coriolis Effect act on the water?
What disciplines of science are used in the locating and extraction of mineral resources?
Which geological processes will destroy plastic?
What is the metamorphic field gradient useful for?
Why is the Earth's shadow blue?
Can someone identify this rock for me?
how much entropy is there in the shape of a rock?
CMIP5 Historical experiments, what do they mean?
What percentage of cumulonimbus clouds create lightning?
On the light difference between morning and afternoon
What factors explain mountain glacier retreat variability?
A red and unidentified stone... What is it?
How to graph gravity as a function of depth, given radius and density?
How do I find the horizontal pressure level that divides the atmosphere into 2 layers of equal mass?
What equation should I use in this isostasy problem?
When sea water evaporates does it carry small amounts of salt into the atmosphere?
Why Coastal catchments should be appended for watershed analysis (Archydro Suggestion)?
Confusion with precipitation values in CORDEX MPI-ESM rcp data
How would a world entirely covered in oceans get the nutrients to support life?
A balloon falling from space?
On which software can I simulate landmass collisions?
Which type of convergent boundary creates the tallest mountains?
What structures form due to the melting of subducting plates?
What 3-day smoke forecasts are height-resolved?
Rock ID: conglomerate, from Granada, Spain
Is the iron on Earth's crust a leftover of the Iron catastrophe, or it was brought back by volcanoes?
Searching for common wave vocabulary
Where can I find climate analogs?
Electricity in clouds and induced magnetism
Why are many fossils found in deserts?
How to use Maximum Sustainable Yield concept with given a given population, growth rate and carrying capacity?
What gravitational evidence do we have to counter the idea that oceans are formed when continents sink?
How much plastic settles to the bottom of the oceans each year?
Do current general circulation models model climate oscillations?
Coriolis effect discrepancy. How to deduce the direction of the effect?
Iron-nickel phase in pallasite meteorites
Using NASA's radiance calculator to make a graph to find the where the peak radiation emission are?
Are there any DIY conductivity sensors that will hold calibration for long periods? {multiple months}
Water on Mars and Earth
Approaches for estimating potential evapotranspiration for non agricultural landuse classes
How to speciate EDGAR emissions for CBMZ?
Where can I find geomagnetic observations for the Indian Ocean region in 2017?
Can anyone identify this rock?
Looking at the brightest parts of the image how would one find the blackbody curve and wavelength maximum using a radiance calculator?
Calculating 30% less solar energy. Provided the math is right, would there have been liquid water on Earth?
What are the differences between alluvial, eluvial and colluvial deposits?
What type of rocks are these? I haven't got a clue
Is there such a thing as virtual barotropic?
Reason for higher content of Iodine and Copper than Iron in Seawater?
Where do bad smells eventually go?
How can snow be falling with consistent above freezing temperatures?
In the past, why did the levels of individual greenhouse gases rise and fall at the same time?
How can I distinguish real from fake? (Jade Stone)
What evidence is backing the claim that the CO₂ we're releasing in the atmosphere is the main cause of climate change?
How well do past climate models stick to current observations?
ROCK ID: Near Big Bend National park, hard on outside, soft inside
What is this 6in Nor Cal beach boulder with waxy veins?
Is this a rock or something else?
Do fossil fuels insulate the crust from the Earth's interior?
What type of mammal does this fossil tooth belong to?
Why are all rainbows are not the same?
How high is too high for hydrogen to rise?
Have there ever been significant events of ecological or geological disasters occurring simultaneously alongside extreme meterological disasters?
What is the fastest the Earth has ever spun?
CMIP5 multi-model ensemble, can it be shown as ensemble average?
How do optical satellites detect different leaf types?
How does temperature impact the elevation distribution of orographic precipitation?
Where is the calmest place on Earth?
Moon tilt against the horizon in a single day
Science behind the groundhog day myth
What is the highest balloons possible in a chain?
Safest spots when an asteroid hits?
Which Earth minerals would Moon colonists miss the most?
How to divide timeseries into normal periods in meteorology and climatology?
Subterranean Climate System?
Is global warming a linear process?
Is there any video evidence of animals raining from the sky?
Can anyone explain this frost phenomenon?
Best material for Piezometer tube in water well
How much warming there was over time for a specific month?
Correlation between temperature and precipitable water in the tropical climate
How do I convert kg·kg⁻¹ to ppbV (parts per billion volume)?
Are there standards for tropospheric NO2 levels considered low or high?
Correct phrase for a 'forgetful' natural system?
Where did the daily temperature variation go?
How to relate RCM/GCM RCP climate projections to observational data for use in a hydrologic model
Does the snow come from local moisture or transported moisture?
How did the Ural mountains form?
Can a microGPS tracker trace the path of an underwater drainage conduit?
How would I use data to find specific humidity and mixing ratio?
Are these the net radiation at surface, and the complete energy balance at surface?
Why do meteorological seasons start earlier than astronomical seasons?
What kind of rock is this gray and brown weathered cylinder-shaped rock I found near a New York lake?
What are the sunniest places on Earth? (including oceans)
Confused about whether physical impact is 'erosion'
Is there less precipitation (rain/snow) in cold weather than in warm weather?
Does being in the air provide any protection from an asteroid?
Can a shock wave travel around the Earth's curvature?
Does being under water provide any protection from a asteroid?
If Earth had rings would gravity exerted by Earth decrease?
The atmosphere and the dispersion of greenhouse gases
Why would geostrophic theory be invoked in the tropics with regards to the MJO?
Why does hot air sink in the eye of a tropical cyclone?
Which type of seismic sensors usually used in Earthquake Early Warning?
How to tell the difference between real rain and fake rain (cloud seeding)?
Volcanoes in the Alps and Himalayas and the subduction of Tethys Sea
What did tunnel digging teach us about the formation of chains of mountains?
Looking for a reference for identifing stream regimes(Intermittent, Perennial)
How do you calculate the elevation at which clouds will form (lifting condensation level)?
What is this white rock with black speckles throughout?
Is Atacama Desert cloudy or cloudless most of the year?
Changes in Earth's orbital and rotation speeds
Are we now and/or have we been in the RCP8.5 scenario?
What is the name of the sea in this image?
Please help in understanding redox buffers
Why does wind blowing against a strong current create way bigger waves?
What are the band names of the NCEP grib files?
How much heat flow is needed to maintain plate tectonics?
Is the "Kartenhoff" meteorite real?
Stream function on a periodic domain?
What is the general procedure to run WRF-chem with chen_opt=16
Understanding a diagram of Earth's radiation balance
What is the difference between radiation balance and the global energy balance?
Is this platinum ore?
Why don't Antarctic waters have more upwellings, when Arctic waters are so rich in upwellings?
Does anyone have absorption coefficients at different wavelengths for sulfur dioxide?
Easy homework questions about seasons and daytime
Can someone help me identify this crystal/stone?
Is there a special name for along-course elevation profiles of rivers, and where you can you find them?
Is it true that "All life on earth gets its energy from the sun"? How much biomass is not derived from photosynthesis?
What is this black, shiny, smooth, kind of heavy, metallic rock?
Would a volcanic winter trigger an oceanic "spring"?
Is there a formula that gives the temperature of an object or person exposed to the sun?
If water is a renewable resource, why is there water scarcity?
What wind forecast datasets are available for forcing a wave forecast model?
Does general relativity influence climate (vs Newtonian mechanics)
Why is ozone a greenhouse gas if it absorb UV radiation?
What rock is this white stone with tendrils like an anemone?
Help me identify this rock
Why the $\delta \, ^{18}\text{O}$ in foraminifera shells decrease with temperature even if the oceanic $\delta \, ^{18}\text{O}$ stay constant?
Why does more sunlight hits the equator than the ecliptic path?
why does Earth have three wind cells instead of just one?
How to run earth system, land surface and climate models?
Snow under Siberian High
Does Vietnam's highlands have both colder winters and hotter summers than lower lying areas?
How to map emission inventory from lat&lon corrdinate to WRF model grid
Global Land and Sea Surface Temperature Data
Will global Warming continue to produce winter storms in the Northeast US?
What percentage of Earth's surface is arid?
What is the parent rock in this photo?
Can anyone recommend a good college level meteorology textbook?
Using heat at depth to generate power
Why are solar longwave and terrestrial shortwave radiations neglected in radiation balance models?
Sulfate reduction
What are the cubic formations found inside Larimar gemstones?
Watershed scale water quality indices
What is the identity of this heavy, smooth, shiny black and red rock?
Relationship between pressure, temperature and density in meterology
Is this a meteor? It's very heavy for its size
What are typical ranges of rainfall drop sizes, speeds, and areal or volume densities?
What's the difference between uptake and adsorption of gas into aerosols
Why does Earth have two kinds of crusts?
Conversion of body wave magnitude to moment magnitude
What is Boomy McBoomFace?
What would happen to the Subtropical Ridge/Horse latitudes and Polar front if the Earth was rotating 5% faster?
How did CO₂ originate on Earth before there was life?
What is the distance between the tropics?
How is ground water mapped?
Movements of the tectonic plates - collison between Indian Plate & Eurasian Plate
Why do loose, soft soils amplify earthquake vibrations rather than dampening them?
Where can I find detailed historical breakdowns of U.S. lightning fatalities on a year-by-year basis?
What does this reference velocity refer to? (Atmosphere-Ocean Momentum Exchange)
What kind of light blue stone is this?
What is an 'obstacle vista diagram'?
What is the motivation behind the choice of unglazed Porcelain as a Streak plate?
How should one compare the comfort of climates?
Looking for global cloud cover animations or videos
What controls how quickly groundwater gets recharged from rainfall?
What is this green and blue rock found on the beach which turns orange when light is shone through it?
If a person uses public transport, how much carbon is added to the footprint?
What is this dull whitish rock with ornate black patterns found in the Arkansas Crater of Diamonds?
Simple and realistic data for glacier modeling
Nonlinear Stokes equations for glacier modeling
Is altitude of everything decreasing due to sea level rise?
The coloration of the Kopet Dag Mountains
Seismic AVO/AVA concepts
Is mediterranean climate a type of monsoon climate
Can I use diamonds as fossil fuel?
How can I tell the difference between granite and syenite?
Carbon's role in ocean acidification
Seismic migration concepts
How does one find the soil fertility characteristics for islands of Hawaii?
How to tell if fog is made out of water droplets or ice crystals?
What is this old potential stone or relic found in a Kansas pasture?
How old are Chile's fjords?
"Five of the Solomon Islands disappeared" due to sea level rise, how is this possible so quickly?
What is this stone or rock that looks like chocolate chip cookie dough?
How long will it take for plate tectonics to shut down and what will the effects be?
Has our understanding of the East African Rift significantly changed recently?
A rough picture about the ground-level ammonia (NH3)
Where on Earth is the magnetic field intensity stronger?
How to calculate residence time for an element in a reservoir?
What is this dark brown stone?
Does the NWS actually name winter storms, or is this exclusive to the Weather Channel?
Will the recent findings regarding nitrogen rock weathering alter climate change projections?
At what rate does Earth's atmosphere shed heat into space?
What are "x-cutting relationships"?
Cloudless sky in synop message?
Utah rock pattern identification - looks like small craters
How vertically deep do lava conduits go?
Where can I find the original scientific articles on Heat index (published by either Larry P. Rothfusz or Steadman)?
How to analyze this data showing atomospheric CO2, CH4 and tempertures obtain from an ice sample?
Calculating a cloud cover index based on comparison of horizontal and tilted irradiance from pyranometers
Is the atmosphere a part of Earth?
How does one analyze this graph on atmospheric C02 data obtained from the Mauna Loa observatory?
Feedback loops between soil chemistry and plant growth
What is this silvery rock?
Detecting the hydrothermal alteration zones?
How would one get a submarine to rise?
What are these clearings in Amazon rainforest?
Gulf stream weakening affects on both ends of the system - Europe and Carribean
How many extreme shifts in climate has Earth gone through in its existence?
How does ice-penetrating radar "see" through kilometers of ice without being absorbed?
Help understanding radar data in subglacial lake complex beneath Devon Ice Cap
Who would know how to manage rainwater erosion on a sloped property?
How big does a lake have to be to have its own Sea Breeze?
Can the process of subduction flatten the shape of a subducting plate relative to the plate it's going under?
What is this complex looking rock with lavender and yellow crystal areas on a lighter-colored matrix?
Can a tornado burn itself out?
Required temperature difference between land and sea for sea breeze
Why is the skyline hazy on the Greek islands?
WRF I/O: Can any variable be output into the wrfout file-stream?
What type of brown mineral is this?
Concept of artesian aquifers and pressure is not clear.
Seismic inversion: High-Frequency approximation
How sustainable is timber housing?
WRF: EPSG code or spatial reference for Lambert conformal, Mercator and polar stereographic projections
Godfrey's island rule (stream function in multiply connected domains)
WRF: minimal list of variables required by coupling a land surface model to the whole system
Winter in the Northern Hemisphere in July? Can anyone explain it?
What lies beneath the Maldives?
How Hot was the Oligocene?
What is this white rock with brown crusts?
Which plant produces the most oxygen?
Help identify glowing stone with scarab carving
What is this shiny rock with varying shades of white/yellow/brown from Colorado?
Why does the Earth have six atmospheric bands?
How are chenier ridges and strand plains formed at wave dominated coastlines?
Need help identifying this cylindrical layered rock found in Bolivia
How, exactly, do scientists know location of earliest continents?
Presence of cross stratified conglomerates in fan deltas
Rivers flowing into Pakistan
How did New Zealand's continental crust get split between two plates?
Difference between Proterozoic Nagari Quartzite and Gulcheru Quartzite
Need help identifying please. Found in ground excavation in Cherokee county Georgia
Haean, South Korea: is it of volcanic or meteor impact origin?
Before the Great Oxygenation Event, where was the oxygen?
The axis of rotation of the earth passes through the geographical poles or is there a true axis?
Why is December colder than January in the western United States?
Can anyone identify this dark rock that I found near my house?
Why does Colorado have so many days of partly cloudy skies?
Can someone help me identify this cloud formation?
Where can I get good raw meteorological data for Middle East?
Are there any flights that fly east both from origin to destination and from destination to origin?
What is meant by intraplate volcanism?
The difficulties for the simulation of atmospheric metals
Is the sun brighter at higher altitudes?
Airports with longest continuous temperature records
Effects of CERN on earth's magnetic field?
How are sand blocks formed?
What is this reddish coloured rock with tiny crystals inside found on a beach in Swansea, South Wales, UK
Where did the carbon, neon and nitrogen go?
How do we know what Earth's core is made of?
How are the Scala dei Turchi staircases formed?
Please help me Identify this rock
Is there a correlation between the underwater geological activity and topology of the mid Atlantic ridge/ South American plate and the Gulf Stream?
How many times in total has Earth formed a super continent?
DC component: Seismic inversion
Can you identify this large green rock?
I found this rock on Laguna Beach
What could this large heavy rock be?
What is the better way to deal the missing and negative cells of satellite snow cover data
What is this white and deep red rock found in Morocco?
What is this waxy sort of green rock from Labrador, Canada?
Volcanic activity in Taiwan, ever in recorded history, much chance in the near future?
Eruptive fissures in Hawaii associated with Kilauea; what are they? What is really happening?
Help me identify this pink stone sphere that I bought
Atmospheric pressure and heat convection
ID on a potential flint fossil
Global warming versus nuclear half-lives
Interpretation of horizon display
Difference between model parameter and observable parameter
Calculating exoatmosphereic flux and figuring out amount of SW Earth will absorb at an albedo of 0.3?
Why is lithium so unevenly distributed?
Is this platinum ore? Mohakite? Found in Michigan
What kind of rock/mineral is this pinkish stone I found in Colorado?
How much change has there been to the shape of plate boundaries over geological time?
What does 5,000,000 tonnes of CO2 look like?
Trying to calculate the percentage of carbon emissions that is offset by 45,000 acres?
Where I find the info about what plants, trees can be planted in a locality
Help! Can anyone identify this deep blue rock, quartz, crystal thing from Washington?
Difference between sulfuric clouds and sulfuric haze (on Venus)?
Is there any correlation between Australia's uranium deposits and the unique animals?
Can anyone please help identify my turquoise rock?
Mass contribution during the LHB
Rock ID: translucent, hard, smooth, heavy for size dark green/black to white(around edges) east coast Australia in surf
what are some limitations for using meteorites as evidence for the Earth's age?
Global climate change
Is the probability distribution of earthquakes memoryless?
Get barometric data?
How much of Earth's land area has antipodal land area?
Can a cryovolcanic eruption be as powerful as a normal volcanic eruption?
Open source well information viewer
How to calculate the snow cover area from satellite data in better and efficient way?
How is wind made
How to know to which PC (Principal Component) a sample belongs in EOF/PCA
What is this upside-down transparent funnel-shaped item on a weather monitoring station?
Help identify this red and black rock
Which wavelet for acoustic inversion?
Quantifying long term melt record on glacier surface
Differentiate a rock and mineral
Forecast accuracy in different climate types
Applicable seismometers data?
What isn't recyclable or compostable?
What is the deepest we have ever gone into the Earth?
How is surface pressure generally measured, and at what actual height?
Is there any rule of thumb to decide the indentation hardness test?
Need seismic data and digital well log data from the same area?
What does 'reghosted' mean in a seismic cube label?
Tower cumulus clouds without lightnings
Was this reef protected?
Causes of fluctuations in atmospheric oxygen in past 300 Mya
What is the importance of oxidation process?
What kind of stone is this? Green tourmaline, or something else?
Why is streak different from color?
How much does sea level rise due to sediment deposition?
Is my understanding of saturation and cloud formation correct?
Melting point of minerals
What's that geothermal smell?
What could this dark brown stone with a white streak found in Romania be?
Why are the Great Lakes not considered a sea?
Is there sand in Antarctica?
Employment of Volcanologists and Petrologists
Does global warming affect tsunamis?
Permian-Triassic mass extinction. Consequences on Earth's system
Help identify this brown red mineral?
Is there a large undersea caldera in the Azores?
Why are there 5 oceans?
Can anybody tell me what type of stone this layered multicolor one is?
Are there any other sites that allow users to search for historic hurricanes within a given area?
Where to find meteorological data from road stations?
Is there a maximum size for a single snowflake?
Are there areas of desert sands which experience blizzards?
Grey rock with black inclusions (Vancouver Island, B.C, Canada)
Data of terrestrial evapotranspiration over large areas?
Does nitrate take a particular long time to percolate from surface into groundwater?
What's the difference between these most basic, first-order models for estimating runoff?
Earthen dam with rock fill and clay core
Can you help me identifying this beige/brown rock?
Can tides at night by consistently higher than in the daytime?
Did the Geothermal Power Plant contribute to Pahoa's Lava Fissures?
Is it possible that the geomagnetic field reversal led to the extinction of Dinosaurs?
Why do the earth sciences use mega-annum instead of mega-year?
Does the Earth 'Flare' like the Sun does?
What are these radial line patterns shown in representations of antarctica?
Every 202,500 years, Earth wanders in a new direction; does it affect climate?
Why is the diurnal temperature range on the Cascade volcanoes so small?
Why are tropical cyclones forming earlier in the North Atlantic basin?
how to know the correct results in watershed delineation in ArcGIS?
What is this white rock with orange section I found in Ireland?
Can someone identify this 'striped' stone?
Do NO2 and O3 titrate each other out in the atmosphere?
What's a reasonable flow rate/mass flux for a fumarole?
Ocean water coming from Mantle vs coming from meteorites
If plants convert a greenhouse gas into a non-greenhouse gas, do they cool?
Does "Arctic Greening" mean an increase in the spatial extent of vegetation, an increase in particular types of vegetation, or both?
Does the Columbia Basin, North Cascades and Idaho Panhandle/Clearwater get a lot of violent, rotating supercellular thunderstorms?
monthly temperatue by state
Transformation of soil moisture units
Where can I find papers on the geology of the Wastach Range in Utah
What other graphical methods can be used to represent weathering?
How much excess water prevents planting of a crop
What is this rock?
Are there other divisions of Earth following beyond hemispheres?
Ocean air reaching maximum humidity
Estimating Average Rainfall
What ore is this? I have no idea
What are those flat areas in this desert formation seen from orbit?
which are the two countries with the flight time between them and time zone differences are equal
Rock identification
Help identifying rock?
Why do clouds have ceilings and bases?
Why would CaO be more finely spread than K2O in Granodiorite?
What kind of climate could you expect in a mountainous area in a subtropical region?
Does the extension of the absorption line of $\text{CO}_2$ with temperature play a role in the climate change?
Please help me identify these two rocks?
In an Earth-like planet with no history of carbon-based life forms, would there be limestone?
Can someone help me identify this rock please?
What is the difference between Water Holding Capacity, Field Capacity and TAWC?
When did wildfires start to occur on earth?
How does the synthesis of Kaolinite (and it's by products) influence porosity in granodiorite?
Number of tectonic plates
Do 360 day calendars affect climate models?
What would a graph of magnitude >7.5 earthquakes over last 400 years compared to Grand Solar Minimums look like?
Catalog of all significant earthquakes since 1900?
Why don't animals rot when trapped in amber?
Precipitation Totals past days online?
How the stepness can be computed at NDBC from site with only dominant wave data and windwave data
Reversing the desertification
Precession & Time
What is the type of stone/mineral in this necklace please?
Does Martin Ledge uncover?
Is this deep green calcite, green gneiss stone?
Formula for rising temperatures
What's this? Chess pieces growing spines!
At what depth does the underground begin to warm up?
Can the Air Mass Factor (AMF) be negative?
Was rural visibility (air transparency) longer in pre-industrial times?
Why is the night very bright in the Himalayas?
Distortion-free map of all continents
what is the best way to detect spatial and temporal pattern of precipitation in mountainous region?
Do ocean level rise estimates account for mantle elasticity and plate mass changes?
To what year do we need to return to prevent climate change?
What would be the predicted/calculated ages using several samples of soil with the help of carbon 14 test?
Seismic dispersion: What does it really mean and what causes it?
Need help to ID rock type
Are you more likely to get a sunburn at the pole than the equator?
Rock identification ? What kind of it is?
Are there lava flows inside a volcano?
Temperature graph for solar
Internal energy, enthalpy, and work in the atmosphere
For how long can the wind blow unabated on a "trade wind route"?
Giem's article on carbon dating
Why are these patterns of scattered sunlight aligned to the local horizontal and vertical directions?
Why does the lithosphere thickness vary within a short distance?
Clarification of overbank flows
Temperature differences in sand
Free geophysical software with GUI
Creating regular grid for my data?
What kind of tooth is this?
Rock / Fossil ID?
Please help me with the identification of this rock
What exactly are enantiotropic and monotropic polymorphic transitions?
Seismology - PPV / VDV from geophone waveform data
what is the best way to actually make the Earth lose heat?
How closely related is surface air temperature to pressure?
Can you have a low pressure with no clouds?
Is volume of air increasing as CO2 levels increase?
How to calculate the solar radiation at any place, any time
What is the average color of dirt?
Rock ID: brown, magnetic inclusion in Carpathian amethyst geode
What causes these mound-like ground formations?
Can someone identify this geode found in upstate NY
Plate boundary lon/lat data
Are these obsidian snowflakes?
Why are the latest additions to the Hawaiian-Emperor seamount chain the highest?
How quickly can coral fossilize?
What method would be used to estimate a wind-chill temperature in U.S. 1969?
Does the Coriolis Effect affect a wind from East to West?
I need help to identify this Stone
Spectral Whitening, Seismic Interferometry
Debunking weather conspiracy with statistics - why does temperature rise then fall for last weekend in June in recent years
What happens in the upper air when the altitude of the tropopause changes?
Is there a conventional name for when wind speed increases as a result of a large descending air mass?
Dark heavy rock
Hydrology - Flowrate vs. radius of influence
Why doesn't subducted earth crust melt?
Where on Earth has the least changing temperature?
Caspian Sea oil deposits
Plotting moist static energy fluxes
Longest land path on Afro-Eurasia
How much ocean water is currently being displaced by ships?
What if we detonated the entire worlds nuclear supply in the center of the earth?
Why did sinkholes emerge in Pakistan?
Calculation of translation speed of a tropical cyclone from output data from models?
Is an underground mine collapse or a tunnel collapse called a sinkhole?
calculate UV index in vertical plane
is this a rose quartz
Why is potential vorticity so emphasized in technical work, but often neglected in maps on weather websites?
Why don't forest fires in Western Australia get as much attention as forest fires in the southeast of the country (including SA)?
What are the benefits of direct sun viewing spectrometer over a backscatter measuring spectrometer to quantify trace gases in the atmosphere?
Metallic rock identification from Ontario Canada
Where on Earth is the most windless lake with its own micro climate sea breeze?
What exactly is an "upper air station"?
Why is the sky blue? Due to the ozone layer or due to ''light scatterization in atmosphere''?
Over what scales can we begin to apply fluid dynamics to accurately model properties of the mantle?
Can the previous weather be computed from the current situation?
What does a mm of rain mean?
What theories exist connecting volcano temperatures to eruption probabilities?
Strange scar marks on pebble
What is the difference between vertical turbulent entrainment and turbulent diffusion in the ocean?
Are there any weather services that provide hourly forecasts beyond 7 days?
Could the earth be much older than the currently accepted number?
ALOS Palsar SLC data products for geological mapping
Identifying rocks, minerals
Can anyone tell me what’s inside this rock please
Identification: Greenish Greek stone
Please help me identify this stone (Look like some kind of quartz, but I'm not sure.)
What on Earth in can repel a magnet?
Easiest way to find the water table under my feet
What would happen if you hypothetically happened to touch an aurora
Comparing Pros and Cons of SWAT and HSPF
What's this mineral?
Under which conditions is this a realistic representation of a storm?
In terms of the greenhouse effect, what is the Earth's heat capacity?
Searching for ground water
How can I test my house water supply for hydrocarbon presence?
Does anyone know what this black rock is?
Relationship between Earth's heat dispersion rate (average surface air temperature from summer to winter time) and greenhouse gases
regression map vs correlation map
Are there websites where I can get "lightning frequency maps" in near-real time (worldwide)?
Basalt, slag or meteorite?
What is the (average) velocity of ocean currents?
What physical measurement / elevation is used to define Earth's radius?
Plate Tectonics vs Gravity for Creating Highs and Lows
Pink Rock Identification
In hydraulic fracturing, can total oil/gas production be broken down by stage?
What voltage and/or amps cannot be found naturally?
What does the motion of water in tsunamis look like?
statistical methods for analysis of stability tailored for multiple short time series
Is there a formally-defined converse of a Prominence Walk?
Intuition on overall effects from climate change under different levels of warming
Can anyone explain the torque that causes the Earth's axial precession?
Uncertainty In ERA-Interim data
How to find Steering Flow of a tropical cyclone?
Was climate change inevitable anyway, or is there more to it?
If the nitrogen and oxygen in our atmosphere were doubled would the pressure double?
Do living things have a magnetic field capable of any level of solar protection?
How do 'greenhouse gases' let heat in, but not let it out?
How is the total area of the world's oceans 361 million sq km?
Identify my black piece of stone/fossil?
What is the northernmost/southernmost city that receives no snow?
How long is the ISS visible from Earth?
Identify this transparent brown rock
How does this melted-wax erosion pattern form in sandstone?
What was the percentage of land mass in prehistoric times when temperatures were high enough that we had no ice caps?
Does crustal thickness have anything to do with how life existed and sustained on Earth?
Is moonlight a significant condition for making life possible on earth?
Extract a GFS variable
How big does something have to be to cause an atmospheric event upon entry to the Earth's atmosphere?
Can cloud seeding make a much hotter summer, at a middle latitude, at the area that receives less water than expected?
Volcanic eruption force
Unidentified mineral found in France
Equations for Global Temperature Models
Is this a former volcano in the Hamad Plateau, in the Syrian desert?
Sensible and Latent Heat. how to separate them
Statistical dependence of mean annual soil evaporation and mean annual precipitation globally
How to split climate modes of variability into positive, negative and neutral phases?
I found this huge rock crystal by the river have no idea what it is?
Can cooled/hardened lava rock return to a molten state?
What kind of green rock is this?
Rock Identification (West of Scotland)
Is this a fossil
Which wavelengths is limestone most transparent to?
Anyone tell me anything about this rock and crystals are please
Would the Gaia hypothesis have any practical use?
Floating rock found in southern florida
What type of yellow-green stone is this?
How to be involved in paleontolgy as a non-earth scientist
What can one come to know about a mineral just by knowing name
Is this an Agate? What kind? Or what kind of rock is it if not Agate?
What is the angle between earth's axis of rotation and equator? Are they perpendicular or at 66 1/2 Degrees?
What is the oldest fossil on Earth?
I believe we got this rock in the mountains of Creede Colorado
Why do rivers sometimes travel down the opposite side of the mountains from where the rain happens?
Sun and moon anomally
Water vapor content versus specific humidity
How would Earth map look like if all ice melts?
Why is there no desert in Southeast China?
Where on Earth does the atmosphere have the most $O_2$ concentration?
How we can find hot spring genesis time?
Is it possible to create clouds by pumping water into volcanoes?
Agricultural self sufficiency after yellowstone eruption?
Why are the mountains predominately grey or dark brown?
What are these inclusions inside this Rainbow moonstone?
Why are pole reversals not more detrimental to life?
Could further oil drilling remove an insulation layer of the Earth cores heat?
Geological evidence about climate change: has there ever been a period with a rate of climate change as great as it is today?
Why do some earthquakes and volcanoes occur within plates?
Hi, I'm hoping to identify this rock.
Can someone help me identify this crystal
Help me figure out what this purple rock is
Is it possible to estimate the size of a meteorite from its remains?
Lake outflow forming a "reverse delta"?
Mineral identification; black & metallic
Hourly solar radiation estimates on a horizontal plane, preferably in R
Rock/mineral identification - smooth black inside
Would a nuclear explosion over one of the Earth’s magnetic poles momentarily disrupt/weaken the Earth’s magnetic field?
Are there resources for determining what percentage of the earth's surface is occupied by air conditioned spaces?
Why is the atmospheric pressure in a tropical cyclone lowest in the eye, even though it contains sinking air?
Endogenous Theories For the Origin of Earth's Water (Dry/Wet Accretion?)
Need help identifying this rock
If the earth were completely smooth and covered in water, what would occur with ocean waves?
Why is the upper atmosphere brighter than the lower atmosphere in some photos from space?
Can anyone tell me what this 'rock' is?
How can temperature be calculated given relative humidity and dew point?
Why don't we feed the plastics to the termites?
Interdisciplinary sciences which combine earth sciences with computer science
Why are Lomekwian tools considered different from Oldowan tools?
Why do major earthquakes keep happening in Lombok recently?
What kind of rock is this? It was inside a bigger rock
Does the magnetic field really protect Earth from anything?
What is meant by Massif?
Finding the emission factor for vehicular energy generation
Transferring water using underground channel
Please help me identify the inside of this stone
Is this very old glass or a type of crystal?
Where are these volcanos as seen in this space tweet?
Could glacial melt alter plate tectonic movement?
Are hurricane storm surges smaller when the storms strike small islands?
Can you help me identify my rock?
Whats this stone?
Does lightning release the same electromagnetic emmisions as an arc welder?
Modeling & triangulation of "STEVE" along with its accompanying possible "end points" in relation to the Earth?
Are strong deep earthquakes that result in minimal impacts common?
Simple numerical model of tide with an elliptic scheme
Can anyone help me identify these rocks please?
How does palingenetic fusion occur in rock?
Flight time differences between flying east and flying west
The magnetite is in which type of magma
How is Karst topography formed on land?
Rock ID: Dark, Hard, Midland Valley Scotland
Difference between thermal and contact aureole
Can anyone help me identify this rock?
What is this red rock with crystal white inside?
Seeming correlation between time of day and earthquakes
Which crop is this?
Are beaches found all along the coast? If not, what is required for them to be formed?
Does Earth risk losing its oceans to space due to global warming?
What is this? A sinkhole?
Are La-Nina and positive Indian Ocean dipole similar?
Hollow tubular ferromagnetic rock? What is this?
Why can't the meteorologists predict for sure if the day would be rainy even on the beginning of the day sometimes?
How is this crumbly crystal-rich rock formed?
Topography & physiography
Glacial erratic - Granite or Gneiss?
Increse/decrease in day light hours at locations very close to the Arctic and Antarctic circles
In what way does the orientation of fossils help? What can we infer from that?
What is the smallest and largest cloud?
Subrelluric forces in a volcanic eruption
What proportion of the energy input to the ocean tide system comes from the sun?
What is this strange fossil I found?
Can this rock be identified?
I need help to identify this rock
Is this petrified wood or just “some rock”?
What are good metrics to compare climates?
Please help identify this! Rock? Glass? Crystal? It's big and very heavy
How to best visualize temperature increase (due to climate change) using GHCN data?
Does the global temperature vary daily (hotter and colder days)?
Can weather radar be used to track swarms other than mayflies?
Would a Biorock formed buiding be suitable for ocean floor research?
Appearing of Weird Cornered Cloud in Sky?
Where on Earth is the highest none polar magnetic fields?
How do scientists reconstruct pre Cretaceous continent if all plates that are currently left are younger than Cretaceous?
How would a particle travel in a hurricane?
What colors can lightning be and what causes the different colors?
Where on Earth does the wind only blow one way?
Calcareous deposits in arid soil?
Please identify this pink transparent stone?
Are these rocks raw jet?
What is the most powerful kind of extratropical cold core cyclone and why?
Peaty soil vs laterite soil
What caused this waterfall to have rounded formations?
Cleaning fossil samples with acetone
Land to ocean ratio in jurassic era
Fossil from North Norfolk coast, UK
Why do hurricanes hitting the US East Coast seem to go north once hitting land?
Why is it still day in Mumbai at 6:47 PM?
At the same speed, is a tornado as dangerous as straight wind?
Can someone help me to identify this rock?
Geological feature - what is it?
Does the configuration of a confined layer change the storage?
Term for the thing that shines radiation onto a black body
what changes in the weather prior to thuderstorms?
Is astrochronology a proper method?
How did the Rhine originally look like? (before human intervention)
Trying to identify the rock i found
Can anyone please help me to identify this rock?
How do the different densities of the oceanic and continental crust affect earth's outer shape?
How do I generate a Moho depth model from seismic refraction data?
Is this rock Ellensburg blue agate or just regular blue agate?
How Warm would the Earth have to get for any crops to grow in the Antarctic Peninsula/South Orkneys
Historically, how did the total amount of salt / NaCl on Earth develop?
How to calculate water vapor budget for a selected region in GRADS or MAT Lab
How is the vertical distribution of water vapor changing?
Are clouds more common at night?
What would happen to the Earth if there were no seasons?
Rocks sparking under water
Please help me ID this rock
DC component in Hilbert transform concept for seismic data
What kind of rock is this
Ozone layer and radiation absorption
Do man-made machines take natural Nitrogen out of the atmosphere and in turn cause global warming?
Does outgassing change the isotopic D/H ratio?
A chemical formation or constructed by microorganisms?
Conversion of an NWP model into climate model
Rivers - How to calculate maximum velocity from average velocity in a cross section
To what extent does lightning produced NOx end up in the atmopsheric boundary layer?
Where did the other parts of coccoliths go, if not in chalk?
I bought these stones recently, can someone help identify them?
python generate 3d unstructured grid
Optical Thickness of the Atmosphere
Methane in Martian Soil
Clarification: Effective temperature, emission temperature, and effective emission temperature
Basic petrophysics
Electric permittivity of quartz
How much of arctic ice is from snow fall versus frozen sea water?
Seismic dispersion of surface-waves: overtone image and interpretation
How likely is that next big earthquake (and tsunami) will hit Philippines again?
Is there a "submerged object" in Australia that causes a magnetic deviation of 20 degrees?
What's the difference between "loading" and "receiving" in water quality modeling?
What are these objects found on my property in Merced, CA?
Calculating Incident Angles of Seismic Wave-fronts
Over which surface will the albedo changes due to clear and overcast skies have the greatest impact?
Material used in river embankment and difference between levees and dykes
Will a country that cares for its environment be affected by climate change due to other countries' activities?
What kind of rock or stone is this? Where did it come from?
How to classify the ENSO phase of a year?
Deep sea pumps that work on wind power, can they control the weather?
heavy, brown, rock with crystals, please help identify
Is this a contradiction in Wikipedia's definition of temperate zone?
Please help identify
Methane Reservoir
Do desalination plants affect the ground water table?
What were CO2 levels in Carboniferous?
If all the world's ice were to melt, would this shift the earth's centre of gravity with consequential effects on sea levels?
How much does the Earth's center of mass move around?
CALPUFF dispersion model - orography
When it is said that air moves from warm object to a cold object, how is it possible that air moves from high pressure area to low pressure area?
Will kerosene reserves deplete long before oil?
Is there a real time tool to monitor electric flow in the clouds?
How can half a degree of average temperature result in such devastating impact on coral reefs?
Please identify- no origin known but given to me by a geologist
What is this stratefied limestone sphere?
How do the Madden Julian Oscillation (MJO) waves originate?
Is the representation of Earth oriented correctly in this image?
Why are climate anomalies calculated relative to 1981-2010 average?
Are Indonesian 2018 earthquakes related?
What is this rock found in the Illinois Valley of Southern Oregon?
Any idea type of rock?
predicting low tide
On what basis are hurricanes,cyclones or typhoons named?
Is this Mutton Fat Jade?
Has a hurricane or cyclone ever reformed after passing over a large land mass?
What is this big Black Mass in Syria, as seen on google maps?
If storms form above low pressure regions, why doesn't the eye of a hurricane, a low pressure region, have any storms?
Minimum Surface Water for Plate Tectonics?
Will the oceans swallow all of the land?
Carbon Isotopic Ratio of Methane on Mars
Hudson Bay Has Low Gravity?
Probability ( weather tomorrow = weather today)?
How is the specific heat of a wet bulb determined?
Need help identifying this rock that my grandfather found in or around Hot Springs, AR 75 years ago. PLEASE
What kind of purple stone is this?
Is this a rock with metal or gold?
How is sea level measured?
Why don't tropical cyclones hit Hawaii?
Simple way to understand these narrow frequency peaks in recently published "ice shelf singing"?
I found this strange spherical stone in Gillette Wyoming. I have no idea what it is. Please help.
Why does warm air "hold" more moisture?
Why would India have so much thorium on it's beaches?
Can someone help me to i identify this rock found in macedonia
Identification of rock formation along Wales coast
Can someone please tell me what rock this is and if its valubale
What are these Pebbles
Identification of a rock. White marble?
Technical term for percentage of CO2 remaining in the atmosphere
What are the environmental effects of leaking hydrogen from large-scale energy storage mechanisms?
How much net carbon can coral sequester?
Is it possible to form a diamond-sapphire hybrid?
What are the approximate dimension of this iceberg? Any chance the ratio is 1:4:9?
Would epicenters in less-deep areas of ocean tend to reduce the impact of a resulting tsunami somehow (wave "breaks" before getting there?)
Find True Wind from ship course and observed wind
What are the phenomenon (artificial and natural) in play in this photograph "350m beneath Berezniki in Russia"?
Tipping point theory, historical examples
What type of rock/crystal is this was found in Vernon NJ?
Why do we consider hydrostatic pressure and lithostatic pressure separately?
California length, source, and mouth of rivers
Why exactly is the feature on Io called a volcano, and the feature on Enceladus called a geyser?
What is the 55/3 Monsoon Formula?
Satellite image displaying as panchromatic
What's the default meaning of "Valid" in NOAA weather map?
Given only pressure and potential equivalent temperature, can I determine other variables?
Given a 3 box model of the atmosphere,determine fraction of mass transport from lower layer
How to create Indonesian environmental conditions in India?
Is salt accumulating over time?
Asking about type Fossil
What type of rock formed first on earth and which rock is the oldest?
Judging wind speed based on flags and inland-water observations
I need help with these geode like rocks
How was Venice flooded?
Using acoustics to measure the composition, density, and hardness of layers
If the study of "minerals" is covered by inorganic chemistry
How is the distribution of Argo floats managed over the Earth's oceans?
Is this Jadeite Jade?
Is there an atmospheric hydrogen cycle?
Why do tethered aerostats have lower persistence than stratospheric balloons?
Please explain how this rock could be shaped like this
Landsat 5 DN's to Top of Atmosphere reflectance
What a place that sells rocks is called
Difference between GDAS and GFS data
Why is satellite imagery data delivered as signed 16 bit integers?
Seeking CMIP5 or CMIP6 globally in .nc format
Help Identifying this rock with a rainbow
Open Mining facility/operation GIS data
Which software is easiest to use to create plots like these?
Why are there places where trees don't grow?
Where to start searching to find more radioactive minerals?
Radiometric dating data sets
What is this baby blue rock?
What is this red, brown and yellow rock?
how best to preserve the color of my amethyst geode?
Is it ever possible for an continental plate to subduct under an oceanic plate?
Rock ID - Heavy, Smooth Gemmy Rock from river in the Laurentian area of Quebec, Canada
would someone be so kind as to identify this rock i found?
What formations are to be expected to develop between the transform boundaries of oceanic and continental plates?
Identify yellow-tinted translucent mineral
converting segd data to SU format using seismic unix
Which is naturally more radioactive: a tertiary or cretaceous sandstone? Why?
Environmenal flow in the context of global gridded hydrological analyses
Greenhouse gas emissions from wildfires in California
How are Benagil caves formed?
How to predict when contrails are likely to form over a specific location using public data?
What is this rock. Solid, Heavy, Metallic. Unknown origin
Leaching Requirement
Identification: mystery rock with golden features and shimmer
Does anyone know a book/article/research that talks about forest fire prevention?
Do Pyroelectric gemstones really exist? Can they be found on web market?
What is diffuse plate rifting?
Are global temperatures, specifically between the two hemispheres, in balance?
Does a climate change big data provider exist?
How to obtain the correlation between monthly streamflows based on physical concepts?
This rock I found in a park, Arizona, not sure what is
Where/how people find minerals
gamma-ray spectrum vs energy decay
What is lava called if it has 56% to 64% silica?
Would there have been a stratosphere in the Archean before the Great Oxygenation Event?
Projecting rectangular stereography centred on 42°N, 10°E
Why Do Supercontinents Form?
Given that water will center over the mass of Earth, how could Pangaea be the only continent?
Carbonaceous Chondrite
Where can I find weather data on ambient outside illumination?
Donation Options for Fossil and Mineral Collection
Do there exist reasonable numbers on the density/radius/mass of the various geological layers of the Earth?
If ALL the ice melted, what percentage of the Earth's surface would be water?
Does snow melt on ice?
Could the current climate change events cause long-term problems in the viability of Earth to sustain life?
Brown rock with hollow black interior?
Formation of Hematite on Mars via Perchlorates as an Oxidizer
Why does CO2 cause heating in troposphere but cooling mesosphere?
Are plastics a carbon sink and how much carbon is released to the atmosphere making them?
What is are the benefits of map 500 hPa geopotential for weather forecasting?
Rock type identification
Can someone please help me identify what this is...... stromatolite...coral...or neither....help
Could dust blown up by a comet impact render the air unbreathable?
Black and amber stone.
What is the relationship between net primary productivity and emergy?
Velocity gradient of surface ocean current in dephts
Identify tiny green crystals on a pinkish/yellowish rock coming from Epupa Falls on Kunene River North of Namibia
Why are there no deep caves in the continental US?
When will the weight of melted polar ice release the (currently stuck) subduction of the oceanic plate West of the Oregon coast?
where to download NASA-NEX daily downscaled datasets?
Could one say that granites are metamorphic rocks, or not at all?
What is this figurine made of:
Quality control in Seismic Acquisition - How much data is required?
water (or hydrological) year around the world, does it change?
What two mineral/stones are these that formed together?
Petrified wood or something else?
Lightning moving close to the ground in Magalia, CA last July, months before the Camp Fire
Need help identifying rock formation
Before the artificial changes of the Aral Sea, what was its average depth and salinity?
What is the cause of temporary smell and black color of underground water?
How is heavy rainfall determined in National Climate Assessment
why igneous phosphate rocks contain less uranium than sedimentary rocks?
How many kg $ha^-$$^1$ of exchangeable $Mg^2$$^+$ is there in the top 15cm of this field?
largest earthquake not in a subduction zone
Why is the Lithosphere-Asthenosphere Boundary an Isotherm?
Rock identification: gray with small dark lines/inclusions all over
Are there natural-forcings climate projections over the 21st century?
Ages of the Andean Cordilleras
Aren't fresh water deposits renewed by water cycle?
How to calculate monsoon onset?
Are nutrient cycles described in terms of a level of health or of degradation?
Does Earth have any stable bodies of liquid, that are not liquid water?
How do I generate the emission sources for calpuff (SRC)?
Making a local geological field trip an interesting and educational event for children?
What are the technical solutions to measure $\ce{CO2}$ emissions?
How does liquid iron create a magnetic field?
Why is McMurdo Station in Antartica more hostile than Longyearbyen (Norway), while Longyearbyen is closer to the pole?
What type of rock is this, Nephrite?
Preservation of clay items
The differences on the atmospheric transportation for various trace metal in atmosphere
Are there "transparent" clouds?
Algorithm for anisotropic porous media reconstruction
Are there places with water hardness between 30 dGH and 50 dGH?
WRF vertical integrated moisture flux using NCL
Is it certain that hundred year floods have finite variance?
Can reforestation sequester our annual carbon emissions?
Is this Black Serpentine?
Why is a future increase in solar luminosity by 10% supposed to have disastrous consequences for life on earth when the last 30% did not?
What minerals are in this rock?
Is this Basalt, Ophitic or Conglomerate?
What type of rock is this? Help
How do we detect floods?
In winter, is pond water warmer with or without a fountain? I have goldfish
What is this translucent blue-green oblong crystal?
Rock I.D: Plattsburgh, NY, Heavy, Metallic Luster
Identification request: Is this a meteorite with a shock vein? NW Montana
What is this translucent and blue vein crystal, 7.5 < Mohs < 9, Lustre: Aventurescence
Coal fires affecting seismic activity, and also volcanoes
Real time flood data in the United States
Is it possible to create ice in poles?
What is the largest earthquake attributable solely to volcanic activity
How quickly do landslides occur?
What was the highest temperature ever recorded on the surface of Earth?
Importance of surface boundary conditions in a weather model
how to calculate the average moisture flux over a period of time
Why is not snow melting in Ladakh at a rapid pace
Where can I download recent precipitation data for Cape Town
How much energy is required to hold the earth’s atmosphere up against the forces of gravity?
What are secondary resources?
How to calculate Wind direction from uwind and vwind?
Do sound waves from volcanic eruptions travel around the world?
Volcanic Eruption Calculation?
Is this a gold ore? I found it in a California creek next to a mountainside
Sink holes in drainage area
Measuring Transect Length on Sea Floor
What is this stone or mineral it's light but strong
Rock ID: Black, Reflective, Light for its Size; Found in Southern Massachusetts
How is it possible to use up the water in a region?
Which are the equations needed to calculate how much moving Earth's water with dams would change Earth's rotation speed?
What is the accepted measure for Wind Coherency (Strength and Direction)
Southern Hemisphere: What is the most Northern latitude where the sun can be seen for more than 24 hours?
Mineral identification - please help!
Erosion without weathering?
What is cluster situation with respect to sand mining?
Weather conditions to create significant glacier growth
What happens if it rains above the boiling point of water?
What caused those colorations in bedrock?
What is this spaceship-shaped cloud?
Computation of absolute precipitation forecast from precipitation anomaly forecast in NOAA CFSv2
How can I convert a CERA-20C total precipitation dataset of "monthly means of daily means' (edmo) to mm/month?
What kind of temperature unit is "cK"?
Difference between landslide waves and earth quake waves
Glowing Orange lakes seen from airplane at night
Help identifying rock please
What is this yellow stone
What is the nature of the "unexpected geomagnetic pulse that took place beneath South America in 2016"?
The DRASTIC groundwater vulnerability model and it's relevance today
How much climate history can be reconstructed using marine sediment cores?
Fissure Energy/Force Equation
What type of rock is this? Found near Abiquiu, New Mexico near the top of a canyon
Is this milky quartz a stone age tool?
Circular rain cloud observed in rain radar
run the WRF model using ERA5
Artefacts in PERSIANN-CCS data
Geological Differentiation: variables and size requirement
How do people determine initial ratio of the parent nuclide and daughter product in radiometric dating?
Variations in Gravity over Time
Can someone identify this mineral?
How do you tell if smoky quartz has been irradiated?
Do Tectonic Plates Merge?
Continuous lightning for over an hour; is this phenomenon common and does it have a name?
Does wind chill work in deserts?
What place on Earth is closest to the Sun?
What type of crystal is this?
Rock ID: black, white and orange, from Malaga, Spain
Please Help Identify My Rock
Is the effect of Earths position relative to sun large or small compared to CO2 level in climate change?
How is phosphorus getting into lakes and rivers?
Do daily operations (max, min etc) on climate model data reference different periods because of UTC?
What is the relevance of Arctic coastal erosion to the Earth's climate?
Mineral/rock identification
What is the difference between subvolcanic rocks and plutonic rocks?
Are there any consequences to carbon capture and storage that also sequesters oxygen?
Why is there so much more silicon than carbon in the Earth's crust?
Global tide calculation
What causes frozen "shooting water" spikes from ice covered water in the winter?
Where can I download Landsat 7 data as GeoTiff
Were there any polar vortexes in 2018?
How could have this rock formed? - Penny inside rock, mostly iron
Is pollution a contributing factor to freezing rain?
Do icebergs have any impact on ecology?
How salty can snow/sleet be?
Is the sea level rise unusual?
how can a complete novice find ore?
Detailed gravity maps
Does this peer-reviewed study (referenced in Forbes) contradict the accepted position that climate change is real?
Help identify my redbrown rock with crystal like formation on the inside
Where can I find information about monthly seasonal change in a given area?
Could an earthquake create a design in a sand pendulum?
Unstable North Polar Vortex?
What kind of rock is this?? White rock
How to plot orography for vertical profile of a certain variable along pressure levels in GRADS
Would more or less land be usable if global temperatures rose?
What kind of lava tube feature is Cleopatra's Grave?
Does the US National Weather Service use Celsius or Fahrenheit?
Did temperature for the US state of Illinois reach an all-time record low 1/31/2019?
What is this green yellow heavy stone?
Are we at the beginning of a Heinrich Event?
Crystallography: The shape of axial divergent profiles
If US emissions went to zero how long until global emissions reach current levels
How much further can weather forecasting models go before the limits of Chaos Theory set in?
How to figure the MODIS snow cover against different elevation zones?
Giant Cavern the Size of Manhattan Under Thwaites Glacier in West Antarctica
Is there consensus amongst climatologists that cold weather extremes are caused by global warming or human influence?
How many mines are there on Earth, and what is their output in tonnes?
Giant Cavern the Size of Manhattan Under Thwaites Glacier in West Antarctica - how was satellite and airborne radar data combined?
How much could Earth's temperature increase by the time we run out of oil reserves?
Would oceans regenerate if removed?
Waterlevel increase calculation
What is the purpose of analyzing the bed-load of a river?
Can minimum relative humidity be greater than maximum relative humidity?
Is there a collective name given to regions in the ocean which have been studied to affect climate?
How sensitive are typical seismometers?
Is there an approximate rate for water temperature by depth that could be modeled simply?
How much oil was consumed worldwide since it was started to use massively in the mid 19th century?
How to extract lat-lon from MOD10C2 hdf data in matlab?
Which percentage of $\text{CO}_2$ emissions are human made emissions?
How to determine (lost) surface (km²) of a country when both population and population density have changed?
Figuring out the temperature at the tropopause
Do HAARP-like programs have effects on climate?
What are the ranges of natural (or pre-industrial era) levels of CO2 in the atmosphere in ppm and tons?
Identify rock, found in Florida
Could this rock be Basalt?
Identify rock found on beach in Florida
I found this near Charmouth, UK. Seems to be metallic
The Tambora eruption caused the "Year without a summer". How much would such an eruption today affect the output of solar pv on a global scale?
What is in this rock?
How can shake amplitude influence the damping ratio and resonant frequency of a soil base structure?
soil that is dried (no pore space) weight?
How to strong winds cause baroclinic intensification in the upper ocean?
How to control output precision when running WRF?
Where can I find a list of snow fall recording stations in my zip code?
Metallic Balls Found in Sandstone or Mudstone Layer
Method to determine Tmax 95th percentile in a climate data
What would be a reasonable set of thresholds for flood severity classes?
Please identify this rock
Why are pyroclastic flows ground-bound?
Are there seamounts as close as 100 m to the water surface and not inside any Exclusive Economic Zone?
What is the technical term for the amount of water within the surrounding enviornment?
Signatures of acid rain at KT boundary
Is water actually blue or is it transparent?
Where can I find archived night microphysics images from EUMETSAT? I
Why do climate experts from the UN/IPCC rarely mention Grand Solar Minimum?
How are minerals classified?
When sea level rises, does the increased ocean area cause the earth to cool down somewhat?
What are the main obstacles facing large-scale underwater farming?
Found this rock in Cambridge, UK, on a recently ploughed field
can you help identify my crystal
mountain database of elevation and distance from saddle (as a proxy for gradient)
Rayleigh waves generation
Rainbow dynamics?
Pyroclastic density currents interpretation
Which mountains (or hills) are visible from both Boston and Rhode Island?
For fine particles to get dispersed throughout the globe via atmospheric circulation, in what level of the atmosphere would they have to travel?
What do the little flags on these martian wind speed data points mean?
Where did the heiltsuk's find obsidian?
How CO$_2$ warming effect stays overnight?
Why antarctic research stations are built above ground instead of on the ground or underground?
Identification of limestone type
I found this rock on my property years ago and was curious what it was
What is an isolated land area of one type of rock surrounded by land of a differing rock type called?
How Big Were the Siberian Traps ORIGINALLY?
Heating and cooling a non-magnetic iron ore causes it to become magnetic?
Can someone please help me identify my rock?
Can volcanic gases be emitted in any other way besides volcanic eruptions
Did low $\small\sf{CO_2}$ levels affected Permo-Triassic mass extinction?
Does airglow intensity systematically change during the night?
Rock ID: Very hard, green, slightly transparent, some gray parts on outside. found in South Korea
Cattle really contributing to Global warming?
Is this an agate?
Recovery of terrestrial ecosystems after the end-Permian mass extinction?
What is the CO2 concentration by altitude and why?
Weather forecast based on pressure, temperature and humidity only (for implementation in Arduino)
An oblique-square-prism crystal?
How much water gets consumed by residential use versus all other uses?
Unwarranted claim of higher degree of accuracy in zircon geochronology
How does planned cattle grazing compare with other methods (like carbon capture) of mitigating climate change?
Is this Dragon Jasper?
Determining the spatial orientation of a fault given ground acceleration magnitude in different directions
Can spraying sulphate particulates in the upper atmosphere to lower Earth's temperature have side effects?
Interpreting an outcrop of a thick pure silica bed in a volcanic setting
how can a asterisk/star like crack occur on a rock?
Topography and flash flooding
Does Xenon really covalently bond to oxygen within quartz?
Solar Cycle 25: Can a strong solar storm trigger a violent geomagnetic shift?
Biomes that existed during the Paleocene-Eocene Thermal Max (PETM)
What is the basis for the Geologic Time Scale
Does the shear modulus of silicate minerals vary significantly with changes in P and T?
rock id:hard,green,other ones were around but not with black streaks
What is the most real-time method of determining SPI?
What is the collective name for the seas of Indonesia?
Name of majorite endmember $\ce{Mg3(FeSi)Si3O12}$
Why is convective precipitation associated with heavy rains?
Stratosphere height vs. Temperature based on ozone concentration
Might continental drift ever stabilize?
Is silicon dioxide (silica) found in all types of soil on the planet?
What causes these shapes in the coast of the Levant?
Why do allophane soils behave as gels?
Love-Wave Propagation
Can anyone identify this stone
Did the Azolla Event 49 Million Years Ago Result in an Extinction Event?
Is weathering of rock a primary means of $\text{CO}_2$ scrubbing on primordial Earth?
At what point are water droplets too small to make a rainbow?
Please help identify Rock Found In US - North Carolina - Slate Belt
Can gemstones be cut into sheets?
How do I interpret this "sky cover" chart?
How temperature anomaly are measured
What are these Gizmos at Mauna Loa Observatory?
Time standard for IERS Bulletin A
What is a Rotating Shadowband Radiometer, and how does it work?
Why did the carboniferous period have so much atmospheric oxygen?
About the actual radiative impact of greenhouse gas emission over time
By how much did the Earth's diameter decrease due to cooling, if at all, since it was formed?
Any appreciable differences in microclimate on the shores of small mountain streams?
Has biology's influence in CO2/Phanerozoic variations been decisive?
What goes into a tide power prediction for every fifteen minutes over the next twenty five years?
transition elastic deformation to flow
How can I identify "tough" (mixed) granites?
How can flood inundation vary at the same river stage?
What could be causing microseisms on Mars?
Why does the frost depth increase when the surface temperature warms up?
How deep does the frost have to go before it becomes permafrost?
How do I get the velocity of the P-wave or S-wave without using the travel time graph?
Data for plotting tephigrams
Where are old Himawari weather satellite images available to the public? Is the 18-Dec-2018 Bearing Sea fireball still there?
Public sources of topographical data of Earth?
Temperature Advection using finite differences with gridded data
What are the farthest Time Zone locations?
Roughly what proportion of a cloud does 'rain out'?
What name of rock is it?
How high could snow form on a mountain?
Glen's power-law alternatives
Is there a name for subduction boundaries at the North of Australia?
Why high tides occur simultaneously on opposite sides of the Earth?
Calculate the maximum power angle of a solar panel (photovoltaics)
What's the difference between cleavage and fracture?
How to calculate relative humidity from temperature, dew point, and pressure?
Just how dry could Ben Nevis get? Is this surprising?
Is it possible to know the tides of a particular location 50 years or 100 years from now?
Where does molecular hydrogen in the atmosphere come from?
Model impact of atmopsheric circulation changes on precipitation dD of a region
Seismic data acquisition: reliability of high-bandwidth data
What will be the temperature on Earth when Sun finishes its main sequence?
How do scientists measure paleoclimatologic variables from icecaps?
Where are Africa's 600 million hectares of arable land located?
Why doesn't Earth absorb our carbon emissions?
Extracting Regional Data from ERA5
Is there the right term for time points in hourly weather forecast?
Why do Mediterranean main currents surrounding landmasses turn counter-clockwise?
Why is the core of Earth in a reduced state? ($\text{Fe}$ and $\text{Ni}$)
Equations for Milankovitch Factors?
What is the erosion rate of mountains?
Why an inertial gyro has a frequency and a geostrophic gyro does not?
Why don't pyroxenites and peridotites appear in Streckeisen's QAPF diagram?
Dark green opaque stone of length < 1 inch
Is "Carbon Neutral" (roughly) 5 Gt CO₂ equivalent?
Age of the Earth without radiometric dating?
Please help me identify these two metal looking rocks...?
Why do ophiolites obduce upon Continental Crust?
Can anyone help me identify this rock found in Tulsa Oklahoma?
What is the minimum temperature difference to drive mantle convection?
Help me to identify this strange rock
Anyone have any idea what these are?
How can agricultural ammonia lead to PM2.5 production in the atmosphere?
What effect does concretization (paving/flooring with concrete) has on ground water table
Do any of the ECMWF ensemble forecasts have the associated true values?
Madden-Julian Oscillation (MJO) - How to interpret the index?
Testing the statistical significance of the difference between cumulative/integrated emission quantities calculated from time series?
Atmospheric visibility measuring device
Do Earth's layers move at different speeds?
Where is the least polluted place to live on earth?
What (if any) "in-situ instrumentation" is on the Brunt Ice Shelf that will detect its splitting and breaking away?
Where does the sky's blueness come from; at what altitudes is it being produced?
Is "Chasm One" the really the name of this feature on the Brunt Ice Shelf?
How can I create multi model ensemble from output of 3 CMIP5 models?
Why are the seas difficult to navigate at the "southern edge" of land?
Identification of a rock from Kentucky
Id request: Unusual shape, gritty texture hard rock
Rock Identification: clear, hues of yellow/orange. Washington State
Why is the bedrock buried so deeply in much of northern Minnesota?
Hydrology- flow accumulation
Which particles are classified as PM2.5? How exactly is this defined?
Are we going to enter a mini ice age by 2030?
What is a Micro-Aethalometer; how do portable Black Carbon (BC) Monitors work?
Is Earth getting heavier or lighter?
What does the unit cell of petitjeanite look like?
Great circle in UTM coordinates
What is the generic term used for sensors that measure soil water tension?
What are these basal rip up clasts in North Dakota?
Rainfall Frequency Analyses
How far a andesitic lava can flow and what is the speed?
Equations for Mantle Flow and Isostatic Rebound
Is the Arctic already ice-free during summer?
Importance of soil adjusted vegetation indices for indoor use
International Timing Zone
Found a rock like no other
Can anyone help me identify this type of translucent green mineral?
What are these Gizmos at Izaña Atmospheric Research Center in Spain?
Why the "Mission to Earth’s core" proposal suggests using liquid iron instead of lead?
could a rhyolitic magma melt a ferromagnesian mineral like olivine?
What are the hottest temperatures ocean life can survive at
Why Earth's outer core does not dissolve into the mantle?
How acidic waters make rocks disappear?
"Great Dying" reduction in biomass
Would the subsurface event leading to tree death at West Tern Lake in Yellowstone be visible in thermal imaging?
Where can I find wave height/period, current velocity and wind speed/direction data at the Qiangzhou strait in China?
How do you interpret Oxygen Isotope changes?
Rock ID: 2 layer, hard dark brown top, sandy light orange bottom, Southern Utah redrock country
Does long-term exposure to ocean water change the chemical structure of plastic into ocean plastic?
Which ocean is going to be swallowed by the Supercontinent Cycle, Atlantic or Pacific?
Is there any downscaled income data for representative concentrations pathways?
How much energy would be required to actively reduce the temperature of the oceans of Earth by 1℃?
Identification required, rock formation found whilst on holiday in Cephalonia, Greece white object embedded inside?
3 Billion years ago, the earth is covered with Carbon Dioxide. Where did it go?
Why doesn't Wolfram Alpha show low gravitational acceleration for the Hudson Bay?
Do snow and ice have different temperatures at their interface?
Modification of an air mass
Using salinity to predict rainfall
Can someone help ID this rock
How can linear oceanic ridges (like the East Pacific Rise) be explained by single point mantle plumes?
Which greenhouse gas has the most influence over global warming?
Sequestration of NO and NO2 Gasses into Soil
Can CO2 / greenhouse gas levels override the effects of milankovich cycles?
What is it called for the part of a hill where it discontinuously gets steeper?
What leads to formation of a nonassociative gas reservoir?
Total CO2 is not constant?
Anybody know what kind of rock this is?
Ordered arrangement of clouds
Computation of geostrophic wind
How much increase in the atmospheric pressure when the global temperature is elevated by 10 C?
How much hydrogen can be extracted from the deep continental crust?
Rock ID: dark grey, white spots going through from Brecon Beacons, Wales, UK
Atmospheric pressure in weather forecasts: actual pressure or sea-level pressure
Difference between soil Water Holding Capacity and soil pore volume?
Snowmelt erosion in USLE?
less albedo feedback under high (BAU) emissions?
Near-Surface Investigations: FWI vs. MASW
Travel Times for Seismic Wave Types - Why reflected t-x plot curves
Flood and Statistics
Can airplanes trigger rain?
CO2 density, is it really a greenhouse gas?
Which are the mechanisms of the correlation between atmospheric carbon dioxid and global warming/cooling?
Does tropical rain forest as defined by the Holdridge Life Zone classification exist in any meaningful prevalence?
ERA-Interim how to select only grid-points over land area?
How to predict when the pressure will change
Can extratropical cyclones force global cooling?
If the Kola Superdeep Borehole were opened today, what would come out of it?
How does multiple layer seismic reflection work? How do we distinguish arrivals from different layers and their velocities?
What is this heavy, dark grey and almost round rock?
How does friction and radiolysis provide hydrogen for "unusual types of methane"?
How reliable is sea-ice concentration (fraction) data in ERA-Interim?
What exactly is ammonite?
Get atmospheric pressure values through JavaScript
How to improve this prediction about the climate in future?
What determines the scale of columnar jointing?
What would be the extent of the feedback on climate of unattended deaths event?
Barotropic vorticity equation
What produces these amazing 3D structures in Tibet?
How much increase in the atmospheric pressure when the global temperature is elevated by 12 C?
What is this heavy green rock?
Decomposition of variables in horizontal and vertical modes
Why is sulfate reduction less important in freshwater sediments?
Is there a way to approximate the density of air during rain?
How fast does the outer core spin?
Is this a geode?
Query about inclination in Earth's axis of rotation
Assessing graded bedding in metamorphosed pelitic sediments
Why doesn't vapor counts when calculating global radiative forcing?
Does this weather pattern have a name?
What are "young thrust faults" and why are they significant on the Moon?
what type of rock is this? blue/green and brown
Are these plane trails seen from satellite
FOSSILZED WOODEN TOOL
reverse time migration for wave equation PDE using SBP-SAT
How big of an event is needed to trigger a long winter?
Amount of scattered vs. direct UV light from the Sun
Rock identification?
Error trying to download ERA5 data: Exception: Missing/incomplete configuration file: C:\Users\username/.cdsapirc
Help me identify my rock is it jade?
Turbulence strength from turbulence intensity?
Is it an egg? What type of rock please?
Estimating Diurnal Temperature Changes for a region due to Climate change?
Is sterescope still used to do cartography with orthophotography?
Which is worse, plastic or styrofoam cups?
Moisture flux convergence/divergence calculation in Grads
Is there a widely accepted reason for the formation of tafoni?
How to transform level 2 satellite retrievals to level 3 gridded data
Locating shearlines or deformation zones in a map
If matter is constantly being cycled through an ecosystem, does that mean a given ecosystem has a fixed mass?
3D fold coverage calculation
Looking for counter-arguments concerning the melting of glaciers in the alps in the context of global warming
What exactly are "ambient aerosols"?
Characteristics of saddle points in stream line charts
Can you please help me to identify this thing I found inside a rock in the Almanzora riverbed Spain
Is there a place where the sea floor descends into the mantle of the earth?
UK Mineral identification help
Coral Reef and Volcanic Islands
Can I interpolate rainfall data from stations outside of watershed for the watershed?
Why can't we dig deeper?
Initiation of Rossby waves during MJO
What could cause a turn from global warming to global cooling?
Sea cave vs Sea arch
Peninsula vs Cape
What's the largest known range of natural temperature variations of human inhabited Earth across history?
Young researcher hoping to volunteer for Antarctica fieldwork
What is brown carbon?
What is the most important source of natural gas? coal, oil or other?
Is this rock Massive Epidote?
A pipeline from the ocean to the desert causing a climate change for a drout in california a good idea?
Yearly changes of solar irradiation and atmospheric feedback
How strong wind is needed for crop lodging?
Is there major potential for vertical farming?
Identify my rock please (Ontario, Canada)
Milankovitch cycles and what?
Database of color wavelengths of minerals
Chloride ions for the salty seawater
What is the synoptic/atmospheric setup that is causing the U.S. severe weather outbreak in May 2019?
How does a change in the tilt of the Earth effect climate?
Pinkish rock with red 'veins'
How does total pressure affect relative humidity and how do I correct my hygrometer for pressure?
Code for DEM based flow routing in R
What kind of red rock is this?
If the sun disappeared, how long would it take for the earth to freeze beyond excavatable depths?
What happens when the North and South poles flip?
Rock ID: Soft black rock from Skegness UK
Is there scientific evidence connecting the current climate in India with global warming?
Where I can find high-res public domain images of Countries or Continents on the web
Effective Temperature of a Planet and Surface Temperature due to Greenhouse Effect
Are there more meteorological catastrophic events due to climate change?
Why does Hong Kong have one of the best natural harbours in the world that can protect ships from the typhoon winds?
Understood cause of sea level rise between 1850 and 1950
Thermal likelihood formula
Finding vessel and wave's angle of attack
Fluorescent pink stone left after dissolving rock
Could the Grand Canyon be flooded by the ocean if it got deep enough?
Green Rock Identification
Can we predict the rising temperature of Earth?
The seriousness of global warming/ climate change?
Hi, is there good reference this raw earthquake data to covert into PGA, PGV and etc?
What is the weather data covering the range of 359 to 360 degree
Do less trees equal less rain?
How and when was the $\mathsf{CO_2}$ scrubbed when Earth was still primordial?
Calculate GWP over arbitrary time
A few questions about the morphology and sediment dynamics of Wissant Bay (France)
Oscillating dew point throughout the year?
Do cloud formations change depending on the season?
Do flights affect tides?
How to calculate or find the compressional stress wave velocity, Cp for a rock
If the accuracy of measurement of the earth's volume is not known, how can scientists assert that the earth is not expanding?
When and where is the atmospheric greenhouse effect strongest?
wave speed is smaller than both horizontal wave speed and vertical wave speed?
Potassum-Argon Dating and Proportions of Daughter Products in Potassium 40 Decay Channel
Application of vorticity tendency equation
Presence of Diabatic heating term in the continuity equation
Quickly breeding oysters to combat oceanic pollution?
Historical isobaric charts?
How older is this snail shell possible could be?
What is the Carbon Footprint of not changing car oil?
What kind of rock is this being eaten by a rock-eating worm?
Climate consequences of very large asteroids striking the Deep Ocean
Rock ID: Found on South Downs in East Sussex UK
Molten salt seas on the future Earth
Is there a hemisphere where there's more land than ocean?
What is the line crossing the Pacific Ocean that is shown on maps?
what do you think this was?
How Good is The Evidence For Snowball Earth?
How is the difference in crust and mantle composition explained?
What type of rock is this
Why does chlorophyll only come in green?
Relationship between sediment concentration of flow and erosion - streampower equation
What are these underwater structures near 6°N 85°55'W
What is the significance of amphidromic points related to tides?
What is the physical meaning of second moment of wind velocity?
How are CO2 emission effects and high altitude effects of air travel compared to each other?
How Can We Establish Precisely What Earth's Core is Made Of?
How does one scientifically define drinkable water?
Why during subsidence inversion, upper layer warms more than lower layer?
The Medieval Climatic Anomaly
Are sand deserts the greatest natural convection heaters on Earth?
What would happen if I installed distributed water fountains in all of the ocean's dead zones?
Error of compiling the wrf-chem V3.5 model
What US State has the most complete rock record?
If gypsum turns into plaster around 210 F, is there any natural plaster deposits or formations out there?
How far above sea level can you get on the equator?
Is there limestone under the Oregon Coast Range?
What was the lowest temperature ever recorded on the surface of Earth?
Should I perform EOF analysis on an unevenly-spaced time series?
What is the ratio of energy absorbed by atmospheric CO2 from IR coming from the Earth vs directly from the Sun
What is the effect of sea-level changes on the extent of the Earth's atmosphere?
How much energy does the Moon transfer to the Earth, does this affect the Earth's surface temperature?
What is the difference between dew and rain?
What's a Good Soil Quality Index for Plowed Farm Lands?
Can the shape and orientation of a large glacial rock deposit indicate glacial flow direction
Beta plane approximation: variation of Coriolis parameter
How to read Seismic Survey?
Where can I download historical sesimic data in CSV/Excel format for processing in R?
Atmospheric conditions needed that blocks all bright light during sunsets and allows you to stare directly at the sun
How does agriculture release so much greenhouse gas?
Space Symmetry Groups: Wyckoff notation, diagram and positions
What types of high-level mathematics are useful in doing climate modelling/meteorology?
How does jetstreams lead to formation of heat waves in Europe?
Possible and probable source of Curiosity Rover's $\small\sf{CH_4}$ detection on Mars
What would the weather patterns on Earth really be like if Earth were tidally locked to the sun?
What types of rocks are these
Found a light brown rock with concentric circles on it. Is it a fossil?
How do we know the rate of decay for radiometric dating is constant?
How to calculate Lifted Index from ERA5 pressure level data?
Do earthquakes produce folds on rocks?
Why doesn't sea level show seasonality?
What is the vertical axis of this waveform shown in this tweeted IRIS GIF?
Why is it hard to predict earthquakes?
Shattered veined rock from Alberta, Canada
How to determine the orientation of coastline from NetCDF file
Seismic wavefield theory: velocity anisotropy
Seismic amplitude distribution
Can we carbon-date the remains of homo floresiensis found in 2003?
Rock ID: black rock found in Central Europe
Regional and Relative Sea level
If a specific mass of air is polluted, will the pollution stick with it?
Transmitter receiver coil separation for Electromagnetic Terrain Conductivity Measurement
wavelength of seismic wave with a gaussian source
Does subduction of continental crust happen at continental-continental convergent boundaries?
What portion of global warming is caused by radioactive CO2 produced from cosmic rays?
Is radiocarbon dating based on assumptions?
Get NPK values of soil without spectroscopy
I found this stone with metal linings can someone identify it?
Does the feel of temperature change, when you're in two different places
How rare was Hurrican Barry's storm track?
Help to Identify a Rock Found in Gray Clay
solar irradiance/radiation difference
Is this series of earthquakes near Broome, Australia normal?
Discrete distribution of daily rainfall
mineral identification request
I'm still confused about what "probability of precipitation" means
Fossil in Chert pebble picked up on a Kent beach
Daughter found a unique rock at daycare in New Gloucester Maine
Why is diabase/dolerite erosion resistant?
Why does the OSCAR database describe Landsats fire identification as "daylight only"?
Anyone sucessfully installed pywafo for Python 3 under windows OS?
What is this geomorphological form?
Hi please could someone help identify this rock. Received it as a gift from a friend
Why did notosuchians and similar crocodylomorphs thrive in the Jurassic-Cretaceous but fail to compete with adequate mammalian competitors?
Is this particular multiple rainbow unexplained by science?
Temperature of the earth
What kind of heavy rocks are these?
Realtime planetary gravity maps?
Why is carbon dioxide the gold standard in greenhouse emissions - and not nitrous oxide?
Why does the salt in the oceans not sink to the bottom?
is it better to take minimum measure of all measures or the mean of minimum measures as a minimum measure
A better way to prevent ice shelf from melting and raising ocean levels?
How to draw a strike and dip on a geologic map?
Isn't a warmer climate better for energy generation?
Why estimate evapotranspiration using machine learning techniques while we can calculate it with Penmann monteith equation?
Wave train 200 m/s meaning
Is this rock petrified wood and is there potential value in it?
Interpolating world data to a local grid in Python
How would our weather change in the event of a magnetic pole shift?
Insert points into a 2d grid
Ground water is almost every where, then how do mines and other holes are digged so that ground water doesn't drain into it
Relationship Between Ratio of Atmospheric Gases and Ocean Gases
What kind of rock is this? (Sedimentary)
Can Anybody give me more info on this brecia?
Darwin theory about Japan and China
Can someone please help me figure out what this rock/mineral is?
Calibration of OSL dates to calender year dates
How to recharge ground water directly from river water
Seismic velocity inversion & analysis
Why did "Glaciologist Princess Elsa" have to leave the glacier because it was too warm?
What is the lateral ground acceleration, at the fault line, during a strike-slip earthquake?
Effect of organic matter on salinity
Can living where (rare) earth magnetic ore is abundant provide any protection from cosmic radiation?
Does depletion of Planck radiation intensity in the upper atmosphere mean that "CO2 has no impact on climate change"?
Net fluxes of carbon caused by humans
What is the meaning of nomalized difference Built-up index？
is the net amount of CO2 sequestered by trees from the atmosphere simply related to the mass of new growth?
Ozone Layer Problem
"Obicular" structures in basalts
How to convert solar radiation into equivalent evaporation
What is the History of the Brooks Range?
Can living where magnets are abundant provide a mini-magnetoshere?
Can ionospheric phenomena effect the weather?
Origin of Sulphuric Acid in the Atmosphere
Would the shaking of an earthquake be visible to somebody in a low-flying aircraft?
Glacial extent variability during last glacial period?
Origin of Serious Wildfires
Where are the magnetopheres weak points on Earth?
Could we sequester co2 by dumping forests in deep oceans?
Possible cavern?
Is there any possible future for high energy geophysics? If so how it is going to revolutionize our knowledge about Earth's interior?
If today's Earth becomes warmer, how will it compare to the Earth of the Cretaceous period?
What is difference between an atmospheric model and a climate model?
What is the most optimal latitude on Earth for the generation of extreme maximum temperatures?
Do we know how large deposits of methane clathrates were formed in permafrost regions?
Is it reasonable to approximate the swinging building (base of the building) during an earthquake to a simple harmonic motion?
Can a rock have a Vp of less than 1000 m/s and need blasting to excavate?
Definition of Surface-based atmospheric duct
Is there evidence to suggest that the release of methane clathrates in permafrost regions will impact climate change?
Have Russian Drilling Operations in Lake Vostok Succeeded Yet?
Why did Hurricane Harvey have so much lightning associated with it?
How to Obtain an Accurate Estimate for the Pressure of a Putative H2 and He4 Primordial Atmosphere?
Is there a general equation to know how big of an area is affected by an earthquake?
Impacts of high-altitude emission of greenhouse gases (GHG) compared to sea level GHG emissions
Is it feasible to 'harvest' the Clathrates from the permafrost before they evaporate?
What is the lowest latitude for which if the ideal solar energy received each day for a year is graphed, the graph would contain one peak?
Community change along urban rural gradient
Can aerostats be used for fine-grained control of the weather
What does a "closed basin" mean in groundwater terms?
Zoeppritz equations derivation
Has the present rise of CO2 ppm been proved to be caused by human activity?
Is it possible to know what was the flow direction in a pegmatite dike?
Tornados from dust devils
What might be causing this rainbow-like effect on the ground?
does silt form from sand ; does clay form from silt
Climate change research and policy
Hypothetical: an immense disc blocks sunlight, how does this affect the weather?
Cooling effect from the oceans in global warming
Can a sonar used to graph the ocean floors detect through polluted and highly populated waters?
What is the total mass of organic carbon on Earth?
What map projection preserves latitude?
If two adjacent tectonic plates are moving in the same direction, is there significant interaction at the boundary?
What does it mean when polar nights have twilight?
Are These Tropical Forests Burning in Brazil and Elsewhere Really Rainforests?
What is the chasm in the Arctic on Google satellite map?
Why the angle doubles in Mohr-Coulomb failure criteria?
Why is it said that Amazon creates 20% of the oxygen production of the world, when it accounts with less than 14-12.8% of the forest area?
Is the rainforest too wet to burn?
Is there any possible way that a tropical cyclone of any strength could form over land?
Is this a shark tooth?
Is it normal for a cyclonic storm to form at the latitude of New York, USA?
Is Amazonia forest resistant to fires?
This blue Rock was found 25 feet down while workers were digging my well
ERA5 mean evaporation rates data - Why is that negative?
How can I describe this data using a graph?
Does rain itself affect barometric pressure?
Stop earth rotation around its axis
Please can someone help me identify this mineral/crystal?
Q: Is the crust getting thinner or is the mantle getting smaller
Can Some not all mountains actually be Giant petrified Tree Stumps?
Is the area burnt in Amazonas quite smaller than the 2018 California wildfires?
How have Farallon plates's remnants stayed as they were inside the mantle?
EARTH SCIENTIST'S PERIODIC TABLE
downloading ERA5 netCDF daily data for a decade, how to restrict location to reduce data size?
Marks on boulders of volcanic origin
Are the Olympic Mountains (in Washington state) geologically unique?
What is the Offset Corner Latitude and Longtitude?
Why is more carbon in the atmosphere good, up to a certain level?
What kind of rock is this (half black and half brown)
What's this rock?
solubility of rare earth sulphides at different pH?
what was there before to Paleolithic really and where really start the life for us no like homo?
Is diamond, quartz or something else?
What's this rock
Southern Hemisphere climate
Mineral Identification- Gold flecks in coal
Black Stringers in Quartz-bearing rock
