Calibre custom news source - How to set publication author(s)
Automating appending numbers to the end of paragraphs, numbered paragraphs
NCX TOC - Hide the external TOC in EPUB 2?
Any advantage of ISBN for self-pulished e-books?
Send periodicals via email
Permanently Free
Is there any tool I can use to examine the differences between two OCR pdfs?
Sending data automatically to a server from a PDF document
Can Kobo's drm be removed from their ebooks?
On Kindle 4, can you send a dictionary as email attachment?
Is it possible to sync ebook app with desktop applications?
On which devices will the Kindle app post completion?
eBook reader recommendation with a Japanese-English dictionary
Which distributor do authors prefer I purchase from?
Calibre: Author with the word "and" in the name?
Ebook to read malayalam books
eBook format in nowadays: EPUB is de facto standard?
Alternative epub reader app for Android
Is there a way to read kindle books on Windows which do not support Windows?
Web service that sends html pages with code to kindle
How do I copy and paste text from Windows 8 Kindle app book to Microsoft Word
Basic CSS not working in Kindle iOS App
Why I can't buy books from Kindle Store using Kindle app on iPad?
Kindle Devices Which Support Two Page Layout
Is there an easier way to edit a .mobi file?
Is reading "What if?" by Randall Munroe on kindle satisfactory?
How do I switch "time left" between chapter and book in the iOS Kindle App?
Is there an Android reading app that synchronizes across devices?
Any way to sync sideloaded books between Android and Nook Touch?
Are there good book recommendation services?
Kindle PaperWhite Page turn glitches
How do I ensure my Hebrew displays correctly in the Kindle apps and EPUB readers?
How do I embed my own font (i.e designed by me) in an epub file?
Collapse and Expand Table of Contents in Kindle PaperWhite
How can I verify that the statistics provided by an DIY publisher are accurate?
Is there any ereader that can split the document in to 2
Upload & Read eBooks in Chrome (i.e. Maintain a Cloud Library)
Amazon Kindle app and Personal Documents on Android emulator
Syncing epub reader
Moon+ Reader -- what kind of CSS support? formatting tips?
How is an ebook made? What kind of software and hardware are used?
What ebook format to choose?
how to secure documents with personal DRM
How to hide/delete/ignore a specfic span type
Block quotes in numbered lists that don't interrupt numbering
Why is my cover image being made grey in my MOBI file?
Does the MOBI file format for Kindle use the same CSS standards as browsers?
what 's the alternative to paperwhite in my old kindle?
What CSS can I use to change the background color of an epub on a Nook HD?
Syncing Kindle for PC with Kindle for Samsung and Kindle for IPad
Kindle Paperwhite Repair Code 2
How to render asciidoc with latexmath macros?
Tracking time spent reading on a kindle?
How to remove an article from kindle and Amazon cloud permanently
Is it possible to disable screen zoom on a Sony PRS-T1 reader?
Can I remove the dictionary/wikipedia function from a Sony Reader?
Green key associated with mobi file in Kindle File Folder
How to stamp text to PDF, with a twist
Is there a way to sync reading progress across multiple devices and platforms?
Amazon eBook Self-Publishing vs Major Publishing Houses
Can I share premium ebooks online for free?
How to make money by giving books away for free?
I only see the download links for DRMed ebooks on my Kobo Library
damaged kindle- change lines per page?
Adding Page Numbers in Word
Royalties on self-published ebooks on Amazon
Is there a standard file format for distributing digital comic books?
I have a weird error on Sigil regarding my fonts
Whats the best program to use to make ebooks
kindle paperwhite 2 check email over 3g
How can I get my reader to realize it has been updated?
How to delete Calibre ePub bookmarks
is it allowed to print a freely available ebook for own usage
On a Kobo Glo how do you change the desktop/screen saver?
Kindle: recovering credits for a book by removing it on a device?
How much does Amazon make on Royalties earned but not paid?
Kobo by FNAC does not show covers when sleeping
How does Kindle know my login at first boot?
Cover image size by ebook format
Ebook app for Windows 8
How to add external epub to Kobo Desktop?
Hide a folder of ebooks on Kindle
Kindle for PDF only
Can I transfer my Purchased Nook library to Kindle or other Service?
Is there any ebook reader that can synchronize the bookmarks across PC(windows, osx), iOS, android devices?
Trouble hooking up Goodreads with sideloaded ebook on Kindle Paperwhite
Kindle doesn't show cover
Copying notes, bookmarks, highlighting, etc. added to a .pdf file on a Kindle to computer or other kindle
Transfer highlights in side-loaded book from Kindle to Android
Can not Copy from a Pdf Document
How to create Pocketbook logo?
Buying an e-book for a friend in Canada
What can I do to ensure Amazon pays to advertiser?
How can I read an PDF purchased from Kobo on an Amazon Kindle?
Has anyone managed to replace a screen on a Sony PRS-T1?
How do I get permission to use pictures in my ebook?
How to download highlighted text on Kobo Aura HD?
How can I send articles from iOS Safari browser to my Kindle
How can I make mathematics look good in ebooks?
Can I use a Youtube still image in my ebook
Can I float an image to the top or the bottom of the screen?
Format and media of e-book delivery
SVG in azw3 for kindle paperwhite always going to new page
personal documents in iPad Kindle app
Controversial book by two data scientists, anybody knows the name?
Where can I sell ebooks for bitcoin?
Are there any solutions available for managing a corporate library of ebooks?
Accessing uploads offline on my computer
What does it mean that a pdf is "paginated"?
Convert a Spanish pdf into kindle format
Text flow up into the table in Mobi file
Epub 2.O: font in ul, ol lists is smaller than regular font
How do I transfer my kindle collection to my new computer
Problems with reading MOBI documens from Aldiko on Kindle
How can we validate an ePub3 file in Windows 8 system
Stretching an image to fit the screen
For Kindle DX Graphite, how to quickly add books to different "Collections"?
How can I manually enter number of "Hours Read" in Kobo Aura HD?
What devices support reading scanned PDF documents well?
Kindlegen Convert EPUB 2 and 3 Equally?
Zoom problem in Kindle with .MOBI converted from PDF
How do I build multiple ebooks using common blocks of content and styling, such as title pages and CSS?
Which does have the least glaring minimum-brightness backlight: backlit e-ink readers or tablets?
iBooks - Cover Image Page
Convert fixed layout epub to fixed layout mobi
Transfer books from Adobe Digital Edition to Calibre
Is there any way to read an technical ebook quickly?
How to set a cover image on a PDF on Kindle PW2?
EPUB 3.0 - Template
eBook Portfolio / Resume
Merge PDF files
How to remove and add certain pages from pdf file?
Convert two similar formatted files to two column epub
How to make ibooks automatically break sentences?
font color not showing up on color Nook for new eBook epub
Are there any ebook readers which are NOT backlit, but for which you can upload pdfs?
Is it possible to use Amazon Kindle without signing to a non-free unlimited cloud storage plan?
I am looking for a software or a way to list, extract, count, in short, analyze a book which is in epub or pdf format
Is there a difference in rendering between Paperwhite and Voyage?
How to mark up tales and poems using epub:type?
Indesign -> Kindlegen -> Kindle flattens TOC?
Google Play Books enhanced with video not working
The value following "version" in the XML declaration must be a quoted string
Share book uploaded to my Google Play Books account with other account
Is it possible to convert Pocket articles into epub format?
I have two error messages that are affecting many of my ePub 3 files
Are there any ebook readers that do not have web browsers
How to prevent Calibre replacing my cover image
Could you advise an Open Source method for creating an online library?
Online ebooks opensource platform that can be hosted on a server
Are there any ebook libraries in India
No .indd files to convert for Kindle publishing
Full text feed content to Epub
What is the native pixel resolution of the viewable area on a Kindle Paperwhite 2 when displaying a .pdf file?
Kindle - single gesture / action to go "back"
Epub read-along, Highlighting is not working
google ebooks from linux to ereader
Is it possible to make a Kindle ebook look exactly like my InDesign / PDF file?
Kindle paperwhite needs repair
Is it possible to sell PDF as Kindle books on Amazon?
What is the different compatible formats between Kindle Paperwhite and Kindle Fire?
Screen Rendering only 2/3 of eBook - Troubleshooting Ideas?
Nook Simple Touch, Zoom On Picture
Rich e-book authoring, other than iBooks Author?
Question regarding kepub format
SVG covers: which size must be used?
Kindle cover image
Annotation of non-Amazon books on Kindle Paperwhite
Embed JavaScript in an e-book using an e-reader
Word count of ebooks (acsm)
Where to find eBook designers?
backing up books from iBooks
Are there other audiobooks with the quality and immersion of Phil Dragash's LOTR?
Auto-adding to a Collection when using a Send-to-Kindle email
Why can't I download the same books to Adobe Digital Editions and Overdrive apps?
What is Best ebook reader for reading mathematics texts?
How to download ebooks from Kindle to PC?
Removing books from Kindle Cloud reader on PC
footnote as popup in epub
What device is Amazon basing their error location on?
Annotating/highlighting passages spanning page boundaries
typesetting equations for epub book
How to login to windows 8 kindle app
Is there a kindle with a light up screen but NOT a touchscreen?
Converting a gmail email to kindle as readable document
Collections Mangement of Kindle Paperwhite 3
Interior Image requirements for non-Kindle distributors & devices with retina displays?
Developing a new file format for E-readers that supports special languages
Choosing the right dimensions for ePub
Referencing cover, title, and dedication pages in ePub navigational TOC
Is it possible to create a sidebar in a reflowable EPUB3?
Any way to center whatever content appears on the screen?
Why publish technical books only in hardback form and not in ebook form?
Kindle vs Kindle paperwhite, is the resolution really important for eyes?
How can you delete the books from 'Cloud' in Kindle PaperWhite?
How to handle footnotes when working with epub files
If I update an already published book on iTunes Producer, will those changes be pushed to purchasers?
How do I change login info on my kindle?
How to handle formatted text examples in book content?
How to call a plugin from command line?
How to automatically hyphenate before sending to a device?
Any way in Google Play books to reset my location to the beginning of a book?
References in e-books and printed books: Common style for both? If so, which one fits both media?
How to convert tagged articles into a single ebook without losing tags for reading on kindle?
Readers that support EPUB 3 page numbers
Epub3 run js function on page turn event
PDF reader that allows user to alternate between reading on PC and on Mac
How to effectively manage ebooks using Calibre?
Kindle Paperwhite Custom Fonts
Calibre for metadata scraping
How to create ePub with title page from LaTeX source using pandoc
How do I open my Ebook library in kindle?
Kobo Glo progress bar is confusing
Convert epub to kepub from command-line
Can Amazon know about the books I upload to my Kindle device?
How to install new font to Kindle 5.6.5
How to preserve the hyperlinks in a PDF file
Some Kindle books on my pc do not appear on my Android
Images issue in iBooks 4.3 on ios 8 (iPad 2)
landscape orientation in ereaders: css for both 1 and 2 page layout?
Convert Hebrew .docx to epub (for Kobo)
How to convert Kindle format (.mobi or .azw) with annotations to PDF?
Is there a way to sync or update Wattpad reading progress on Goodreads?
how to turn off hyphenation for titles (h1, etc) on Android readers (google play, gitden)
Setting default ePub font in iBooks
Which is the best way to use ancient Greek fonts in an epub?
Mathematica + Calibre?
interactive 3D content - which format supports?
DIN A5 PDF on Kindle Paperwhite 2
Can you use a Kindle without an Amazon account?
How to download from Amazon cloud to Kindle desktop?
sharing books on kindle is not allowed
How to find duplicate IDs in epub?
Join broken paragraphs Regex Sigil
What is the best way to read manga on Kindle?
Can I store my Kobo library on a PC to prevent lengthy download times
Which ePub readers are available for Windows?
How to find complete ebook details just from its ISBN?
How to add progress bar to Kindle ebook
images of footnotes are not appearing in pop up window in epub
Table of Contents links in Kindle no longer work
Pricing a kids book on Amazon KDP
How to manage my e-book library across my devices
Is it possible to transfer kindle books to my iPad and how to do it?
What are the most appropriate metadata to manage and search ebooks
How can I prevent a new Kobo reader from downloading all my books?
Where to find Programming Ebooks in epub/mobi format?
how to properly declare metadata in epub3
How to make the Contents display in the GO TO window?
Wireless sync third-party ebooks from a cloud storage to iPad
Are ebooks licensed only to a certain email address?
How do you make paragraphs break in iBooks or Nook?
Where is my Ebook that I just bought from Amazon Kindle to my PC?
The mimetype file has an extra field of length n. The use of the extra field feature of the ZIP format is not permitted for the mimetype file
Adobe digital edition
How to get book list from amazon clouddrive?
Is it possible to transfer my Wattpad books to my Kindle?
Can I use a service like Scribd/Oyster with the Kindle eReader?
Convert/Send Standalone EPUB from PC to Kindle via Menu/Command Line
Epub -> Mobi/Azw3 conversion (calibre) , Kindle App doesn't show cover no matter what
How to convert this chm file to pdf?
Changing reading speed from book to chapter in Kindle
Can I suppress Wikipedia lookup on a Kindle Paperwhite?
What prospect is there for foreign language look-up in Kindle for PC?
Can a Kindle Paperwhite show metadata?
Can an EPUB 3.0 book contain two TOCs?
Adding images to manifest made them disappear from epub
Converting DOC (with images) to EPUB
Do any CSS media queries work for Kindle ios app?
EPUB Page number values
Is it possible for a Book to have multiple ISSN?
Should a shorter Kindle file have faster word look up?
Where are books downloaded from Amazon Kindle app stored in Android?
Direct copying of epub files on the Kobo internal file system
Did Kindle contrast get better or is my old Kindle growing old?
Kindle 4th gen unresponsive for a few minutes
Do Kindles get firmware updates?
Can you defragment a Kindle Paperwhite?
Is there any way to transfer my 500 or so strong Nook library to my new Kindle Paperwhite?
How to perfectly convert and read malayalam ebooks on kindle?
ePub readers for Windows that support continous scrolling?
Exporting epub fixed layout
Possible to transfer Adobe Digital Edition ePUB books from my local library to my Kindle?
How to confirm if ePub is DRM'ed ? Kobo Aura HD possibly refusing to read DRM-free ePub
How do I delete an undeletable book from my Kindle?
Create Kindle dictionary as KF8 / Floating images in a Kindle dictionary
How do I repack a .mobi file?
Share directly transferred books with Kid Account
Create chapters with Office
self-hosted, self-updating book repository
Kobo H2O and symbol
Calibre - display cover size on main screen
Formulas are not displayed properly
How or what coding format do I use?
Difference between PocketBook Touch Lux 3 and Tea Touch Lux 3?
Cannot highlight text on my Kindle Paperwhite using a sample ebook
What is the best tool for Smashwords submission?
How to skip those hyphens while searching in acrobat
Efficient way to colour code text?
Do I need an Amazon account to use a Kindle?
Has Apple’s FairPlay DRM been cracked?
CSS error in EPUB
Can I use Kindle to read research papers?
Calibre ignoring font settings?
Can I only transfer files to my Kindle Paperwhite using the cable that shipped with the device?
Book length indicator for Kindle Paperwhite firmware 5.7.2.1
How can I upload my 100+ ebook collection to kindle cloud?
Kindle paperwhite ver.5.7.2.1 - how to bring back one-click book open?
Many sites propose free or cheap ebooks? Which are legitimate?
How do I make the images larger for Paperwhite?
Error Showing "epubcheck error: mimetype entry missing or not the first in archive"
how to get books from computer to kindle
PDF vs DjVu benefits and disadvantages
Where should font licenses be embedded?
what fonts to use for Adobe DE app on mobile devices?
Kindle paperwhite and sharing quotes with goodreads for side-loaded books
How convert multi-column PDF files to readable PDF in 6 inches display devices?
where can i find a book price(printed) which is published in US?
Is there a fair price for an ebook?
Kindle Voyage does not show book transferred under Calibre
How do I return a borrowed Kindle book?
Command line extraction of metadata (title. author) from epub file
How to sync non Amazon books from the iPad Kindle app to a PC or Mac
Turn of reading speed personalization on Kindle Paperwhite?
Pages do not always break in the same place, why?
What is the best tool for Amazon Kindle book publishing?
How can I update an existing side-loaded MOBI file on a Kindle?
Amazon Kindle Paperwhite 2 - Reading progress line has disappeared
Are there any e-Readers that can't surf the net?
How do I have Calibre automatically create a cover image from a non-ebook file?
How well does Google Play Books support page-oriented css? (i.e., page breaks)
EPUB 2 NCX How Should I Support pageList?
concatenate several files generated by send to kindle amazon plugin to consolidate multiple page documents
kindle cannot highlight/select words in converted pdf
What is support of source code files in Kindle?
writing inline footnotes for html to mobi conversion using calibre
Media queries to distinguish between Kindle e-inks vs non-e-inks
Calibre ebook viewer - Apply User Stylesheet to Full Screen Mode
How to adapt annotations from an old edition book to a new edition book?
Any way to increase font size in Moon reader when reading pdf?
Ebook file size connected to word
How do I preserve named text anchors in EPUB export from InDesign?
Preserving Layout of Original File
Publishing HTML to Kindle - Encoding problem
Connect Kobo Touch to Linux PC using USB; PC not recognized by reader
Upgrade Kindle 4 system from 4.1.3 to 5.6
Calibre to Kindle Book Transfer
Creating books for CreateSpace in InDesign
After I scanned(destructive) book: What are the steps to create a proper kindle ebook?
Calibre - keep personal folder format
Which Kindle Paperwhite model/generation do I have?
Cross-platform interactive ebook in iBooks Author
How do I upload an ebook
Are sound effects acceptable or desirable in a fiction audiobook?
While producing an audiobook, how to mark the begining of an unnamed and unnumbered section or chapter?
Produce a single file .mobi using Calibre
Calibre viewer displays books wrong
Software recommendation for writing ebook and exporting to multiple formats
Can my Kindle paper white read a flash drive
K4iOS Media Query
Which software should I use to manage all my books and collections in my Kindle?
Why "compress images using MRC" is always grey in ABBYY FineReader?
Is there a eReader app for Android, Windows and Linux?
Good ereader for hand-written notes
Do epub 3.0 pagebreaks always require an id?
How do I make an ebook of sheet music?
Converting pdf with table of content to Kindle format
Can epub software be used to create an online web document?
Quran ebook for kindle
Convert an Android app which is actually an ebook to a pdf file?
Parsing an epub file and displaying its contents on a website?
Is it possible to create anchors in the numbers of an <ol> list?
Ebooks file naming scheme -- Books in a series
What guarantees that ebook/digital sellers are really paying authors per unit sold?
How can I determine the translator of a wikisource work?
Kindle app takes up entire screen on windows 10 and I don't know how to get out of it
Are books on Wikisource "by definition" fair game for creating ebooks?
Malayalam epub to Kindle format
Resize readium document if content body has changed
Can I expect one chapter per html file in an Epub?
What are epub JSON links?
How to sort on books that aren't in a specific format in calibre
Is it necessary/possible to specifically target foreign-language "editions" of amazon?
looking for an easy way to look up possible values for Dublin Core Metadata Element Set etc
What are criteria for determining whether an ebook file is pirated or non-infringing?
List of places to publish free ebook in PDF format
Any opensource or free css stylesheets for books?
Turning demo mode on and off on a Kobo
how to add page-map.xml in Sigil?
Formatting word for kindle
Calibre - switching title and series column
Where do highlights and marked words go for documents in a Kindle?
Batch conversion of arbitrary formats to djvu, mobi, epub - not with calibre
Problem with hyperlinks after converting chm to epub with calibre
Making a global nav for a fixed Epub
What is the Paperwhite 3 Collections Cover Size?
Centering images in ePub made with Apple Pages
Interactive slideshow prevents me from swiping to the next page?
How can I reduce the resolution of images in an epub or mobi file?
Which size is taken into account by Amazon when calculating the download fees
How can I read local html files on my 1st Edition Nook?
How do I download DRM-free books from Amazon?
Can one use two Amazon accounts on one Kindle?
Send to kindle - store in specific folder
What is the expected content of a child of a page-list in epub3?
Apps to use for reading local e-books on Windows Surface Pro?
Can Kobo read Hebrew ePubs?
How do I reverse an epub that turns right to left?
Standard settings for OCR'ing and compressing a book scan
Epub: Paragraph breaks in unwanted places and leaves Widows
Command line using the mobi file?
How to make images scale with text size on an Amazon Kindle?
How to create markup template in word document?
How to save a PDF document without having to choose the file name each time?
Can you suggest an advanced ereader application for textbooks?
Universal Identification metadata for e-books
section numbers in epub headings
Size of Epub Title Page (not cover)
How to search for audiobooks narrated by the author?
transfer ebooks protected by DRM to a new device -- how?
How do I read a Latin language text, and be able to hold finger on words I don't know for instant definitions?
Kobo Pocket stopped working for specific sites
how to export images using abbyfine reader?
oauth in ebooks
Does conversion between filetypes always break formatting in ebooks?
Why is Hard copy book black and white, but Ebook is color?
What kind of k2pdfopt optimizations should I be using for these sample pages of a PDF?
What is Premium SSL download service that required to download some ebooks
Converting EPub consisting of images to proper text
does using DC superhero images in a fan/trivia ebook consitute infringement?
Get error when I try to upload book to kindle
Table headings that may repeat for several "pages"
InDesign EPUB omitting page 1 in iBook thumbnails
Being sued for an e-book
How to add Google Play tab and iBookStore tab on facebook?
Where does Kindle Cloud Reader keeps downloaded books, under Linux?
is PDF not considered as an ebook format
Does erasing data before selling a Kindle remove updates I've downloaded?
Pdf restrictions
converting hebrew books
Delete books from the sony erearder TRS1?
pictures show twice in android app
Kindle paperwhite screensaver consuming power
Kindle app in android sync the audiobook mp3
Kindle repair code 2 but cannot connect to computer
Finding a shortcut for my current read?
Bulk conversion of PDF books to DJVU/MOBI/EPUB
My Amazon book does not have links from ToC to chapters, why?
Is there a way to share my Amazon eBook collection with other family members?
How can I stop my Kobo Glo from selecting a book for me?
Track Pages Per Day on Kindle
Kindle Book published old version
Cannot find books added from PC onto Kindle
Are book trailers necessary?
Can readers display books "by the page"
Cheap Hackable e-ink ebook reader
Fix spelling errors in epub file via rtf of same book?
How to avoid "orphaned" paragraph breaks in Scrivener?
How to read .DOC with Kindle paperwhite
Can a custom column with "Date" type be added to the tag browser?
Kindle Oasis: increase contrast for non-black text and images
Should every paragraph tag have a CSS style (InDesign)?
Does a screensaver serve any purpose on eink displays?
Creating an eBook with GIF animations
Importing XHTML Files into InDesign
Automating Footnote Links
Can I use bold and italics tags?
Internal Links Between InDesign Documents Don't Work
Can I split chapters with CSS?
Within Calibre, is it possible to set a hierarchy on the series field?
Breaks and White Space in Epubs
Are image subfolders allowed in Sigil?
Sub-chapters based on h2 tags in ePub file
Overriding Device Styles
Does Bootstrap work with epubs?
How can I prevent a widowed/orphaned header?
How can I read my epub books on the kobo app on my computer?
My HTML toc is not showing up in Calbre MOBI output
Epub Software that Supports Folders/Subfolders
Can Kindle for PC be downloaded without an Amazon account?
How to make a basic ebook with chapters
Can I use Google Docs to write an ebook for Kindle?
How to alternate row colors of tables in ePub files
Tricky Conversion
TOC section scope is not included in the parent chapter:Table of Contents
Accessing Kindle Paperwhite With Shattered Screen
Are there libraries which lend ebooks to non residents?
Converting PDFs results in fragmented sentences/paragraphs
How can I highlight visited anchors in an epub?
Keep image from Word to upub conversion
is there any software available to directly write in mobi format?
How to change text alignment with Calibre book editor
How can I force Calibre (command-line) to create footnotes in EPUB 3 compatible asides?
CSS: display: none - Is it supported by all devices?
Locating or Copying Epubs in iBooks
Epub 2.0 vs 3.0
German TTS for kindle PC
How to add a background image to each page of mobi or epub books?
How to improve image heavy mobi format book?
What happens if I have used 2 different fonts in mobi/epub and user changes the font in the devise?
Can I change the cover of a mobi/epub book?
How do I remove tiles from the Kobo home screen?
Adding Video links to an ebook
How to change the font(s) used on a pdf, or improve how they are rendered?
How can I create an ebook from existing HTML files?
is there any way to convert/import microsoft word documnet to Adobe InDesign book
is there any way to keep captions of the images always with the image?
Need suggestion on selecting the font type for self-publishing book
Is isbn-us.com valid?
Converting Kobo EPUB format to Kindle format
Kindle "Time Left in Book"
Debug javascript epub3 code
Paragraph margins: CSS vs br tags
Can you use CSS to target iOS night reading mode?
How can I read my djvu books on kobo aura one
Kindle highlights not syncing between devices
What are serif and sans serif fonts on different ebook reading systems?
Need a Workaround for CSS Overrides
Ereader that won't blur pdfs
Fonts malformed when extracted from epub files
Is it possible to take a screenshot from a Kobo ereader device?
Service to nicely print a huge E-textbook?
Is it possible to set Calibre Editor to automatically backup a book file before modifying it?
what devices will be affected by deleting iPad Kindle app
Red ants entered Amazon Kindle 7 generation
How to auto-left justify text in personal kindle documents
.OTF vs. .TTF for embedding fonts in epub/kindle reading systems: which is better?
To upload my malayalam book in Kindle
Downscaled screenshots of HTML tables look blurry. Why?
Is it possible to emulate the firmware of ereader devices?
Create an e-book with Devanagari characters
What determines whether or not I can use Pocket for a page on Kobo Reader?
What is the best way to scan paper books to digital ebooks?
Epub without a Table of Contents, is it possible?
How do I wipe clean kindle e-reader?
ToC: Errors Thrown
How to check easily MD5 signatures for Humble-Bundle ebooks?
How to add my own ebooks in mobi format to be displayed in Kindle app on Android
Is it more effective to apply CSS styles to <p> or <body> elements in an ePub?
iBooks ERROR ITMS-9000 - problem with id
using the same javascript library several times in an ibook
Selling an adapted freely aquiered ebook
What formats do people sell on their website?
Removing white background from linked images
Different copyright notices on printed and digital versions of a book
Are soft hyphens supported by epub devices?
container.xml could not be found
Error Code RSC-005 (container.xml)
CSS: Spans vs Font Families
Kindle vs Hyperlinked Images
Is there any way to remove DRM from DAISY ebooks?
How to avoid image distortion when convert my .epub to .mobi
Kindle footnote preview overflow
Fixed Layout vs Reflowable For A Puzzle e-Book
Endnote formatting when using epub and kindlegen
Recreating Container.xml in Sigil
What symbols/text to use for index references?
iBooks: video tag with autoplay property won't play if there's something else in the document
How to make Epub look good?
Does .epub support inline links?
Kindle collections and books not synching properly
How to prevent the "flash" on Kindle e-readers?
IPDF epub validator error says "File 'OEBPS/toc.ncx' could not be found"
How to rename epubs when the file name is a numeric string?
Huge icons after update
Different size pages in DJVU book
How can I make my highlights span multiple pages in Google Play?
Publishing an ebook for free on Kindle Direct Publishing?
Selectively Pull HTML website book with ToC Links in Frames into an Epub? excluding library links & other books
Kindle (2nd gen) battery can't hold power
Delete all directly import/sent kindle books
E_ADEPT_DOCUMENT_TYPE_UNKNOWN error in fulfilling a .acsm file
Google Play Books unable to save margin note
Looking for recommendation on eBook reader for university textbooks
Move image to top of the page (like LaTeX’s \begin{figure}[t])
How to debug GPB "This file cannot be processed."
Table of Contents just contains lots of "New Article N" entries
Unable to purchase from UK kindle store (2nd Gen)
How to convert a html ebook to a pdf file?
How to read DjVu files on Kindle?
Find new books in Adobe Digital Edition - library
Any way to find a lost Kindle inside a house?
How can I publish an ebook online?
How are Kindle standard pages calculated?
Is there a small easel or book butler for an ereader?
How do I make Calibre convert CBZ to EPUB without images shrinking or conversion?
Using Kindle Preview 3 export, Amazon says the file type is not supported
Alternative to Kobo to solve line wrapping problem
How do I export Wikipedia article collections to epub?
E-reader that syncs progress across Linux and Android?
I want to build an e-book server for my class
How to tell if an entire ePub ebook was downloaded for offline viewing?
Disable 3G wireless access on a Kindle Paperwhite
How to build ebooks from O'Reilly Atlas Projects?
How to trigger pagination recalculation when changing content via JS?
Can I disable Calibre from doing any conversion?
Kindle does not show epub book correctly
Kindle Fire 2nd gen gets stuck
Looking for software to combine articles into ebook
How to get the fragment name with JavaScript
How to merge margin notes from an ePub book to a modified version of the same book in GPB
Attempting to create an ebook for sale on kindle
How to create an ePub full-page image which properly reflows
Can Kindle books handle side-by-side texts?
Can I publish my book (paperback) using createSpace if I already initiated paperback and published Kindle edition in Amazon?
Is it time to do away with (e)book return policies?
multi-state objects not working on Calibre
Things to consider for choosing an e-ink pdf ereader for science books and papers
How does Project Gutenberg structure their epubs?
Can eBooks deleted from Kindle Cloud be 'repurchased' for free?
Creating DjVu files similar to those Archive.org used to make
Is a refund for an eBook bought at Google Play possible if it has been downloaded as an ePub?
How to send library ebooks from Calibre to Nook
how to create hypertext local to an EPUB document?
Can a PDF run scripts or code?
Ebook reader with pdf markup capabilities for reading outside
How can I create beautifully designed ebooks?
Is it possible to protect a certain e-book file with password on PocketBook?
How to open CBR comic books on PocketBook?
Can kindle fire highlight text while reading it
Are DRM location sensitive?
What eBook conversions from HTML to Kindle and ePub scale best to 8MB input?
Kindle 5th needs repair
Calibre ignores headings from docx and html
What is the highest-performing free Linux command line converter that will convert HTML + cover to ePub?
How can I print an image-only ebook as a physical book?
how to read code part of technical book on kobo
Ereader for my app
How can I rename my Kindle books?
light at maximum normal?
Kobo Aura One or the new 7 inch Kindle Oasis for PDF files?
ePub validator is giving me errors. How can I address these reported errors?
What does the blue circle with the underlined check mark mean in GPB?
What do I need my (ePub) toc.ncx to have?
What tag use is expected in an ePub toc.xhtml?
A nice platform for selling PDF books like Google Play. Any suggestions?
How to create .mobi / .azw3 from latex document?
Can I keep a reading diary on my device?
Is EPUB ready for most phones?
Are ebooks on Google Play always encumbered with DRM?
Why am I getting spurious TOC entries in Calibre?
How can I add a European card to my nook?
How do I convert a pdf with mathematical typesetting to work on a Kindle Fire 7?
How to install KOReader on Kobo Aura ONE
How do you access the benefits from Amazon Prime to get free Kindle books?
Kindle doesn't read the files after being formatted
Can I install Safari Queue on PocketBook Touch HD?
How to download & transfer from Kindle or Amazon.com to PC
Do epub and paperback publication of same book need seperate Identification number (like ISBN)?
How to split an EPUB into multiple files of one chapter?
How to split an EPUB into multiple files of one chapter if each chapter consists multiple html pages?
Is the <guide> still needed in ePub 3?
problem tables in epub
ePub 3: Finding the Navigation document
How can I update my date and time without wifi access?
When an Amazon account contains more than 1023 purchased Kindle books, how do you access the books beyond the 1023rd book?
Ebook reader cannot be turned on
Is it better to let a footnote link wrap to the next line or force it to remain with the last word block it references?
Convert epub to epub, to do more heuristic processing
Keeping a subheading with its first line of text in an epub
Is there a way to quickly download all of my Kindle books?
How to export (or share) a highlighted PDF from Kindle Reader?
Kindle 5th Generation MOBI files not showing up in the Books app
How to convert msword to epub?
Is it legal to create an ebook from the book I bought and sell it?
Nook HD+ Keyboard Issue
How to put downloaded Kindle e-books on to a Kindle device that cannot access the internet
GitBook generates epub with duplicate headings
Using K2pdfopt to prepare a document for printing
Where can I download free ebooks?
Calibre fails to unwrap Georgian text
ePub converter that saves in HTML5?
What are the negatives of linking a Kindle to an account?
How to best read a PDF on Kindle?
kindle users guide requires registration to read?
How to insert calculated page numbers based on word counting into an ePub file?
It's possible to add a background-color: / background: BLACK (with white text) for a page in an AZW3 ebook?
How to add a calibre bookmark txt to manifest
Why does Google Play Books not allow search for uploaded books?
How to get book texts difference of two editions of ebook, to read only changes?
Edits aren't being saved in Calibre
Insert a short sentence at many given locations in an epub file automatically
How to Open pdf, ncx, opf files?
Kindle text editor?
how to enable landscape mode on a Kindle?
e-mail azw to Kindle Personal Documents Service?
report for purchased Kindle material?
Images poor in Kobo
Marking read chapters
Notes for sideloaded material?
Amazon Read versus Google Play books
Version control for writing ebooks
How to correct unicode errors after converting file format?
Export .ePUB to text but somehow retain formatting
Can't find Kindle book after download from amazon
how to extract notes from a mobi book?
Translation on Kindle
Kindle Cloud Reader can't open this book
Is it possible to cap royalties for an ebook?
Can I change Wikipedia lookup language on a Kindle Fire?
Why are epub .xhtml files saved as .html?
How to give Page ID
Recommend a new e-book reader, main need is highlight and add notes to my books
Does a basic CSS file to produce acceptable documents exist anywhere?
Where is Kindle.exe so I can change Windows Defender Controlled Flolder Access to allow updates
Identify if a PDF document is digital native
Automatic creation of bookmarks from Table Of Content
Pdf docs not viewable on amazon cloud
How to tell whether a Google Play eBook is bootlegged/pirated?
What are the differences between the FireOS Kindle App and the Android Kindle App?
Where can I find a list of the limitations of iOS KF8 (Kindle format on iOS)?
FlightCrew reporting errors in "amzn" CSS links
Onenote to mobi
FlightCrew errors for certain Amazon CSS links
Cannot send document to cloud reader
Your Kindle Needs Repair: battery invalid: -22
How to OCR tables of contents to proper outputs?
I have the Kindle app on two of my Mac computers.
Phonetic IPA sounds problem to transfer to ePub format
Programming Sigil for importing annotations
There are a standard EPUB version or format to assign with PGP?
Replace existing EPUB-files on Kobo with KEPUB-files
How can I get free Microsoft word templates for poetry books?
CSS3-break will break PDF? In a digital preservation perspective
calibre - how to upload my highlights online?
Best platform and format for eBook on software/programming
Highlighting text in an epub using Sigil and python
Reading annotations in Calibre
How to make a fixed layout epub file from an MS Word document?
Audio ebook not working in iBooks
Editing a published epub book
Are dictionaries supported in epub 3.1?
How to load large mobi files on a Kindle e-reader?
What is this lock icon in the lower right corner of my iPhone kindle app?
How insert the outline (the bookmarks) into DjVu
How to remove white space from the text layer in DjVu
How can I set a default font family in Kobo Aura H2O?
Return links for Table of Contents list and in-book headings
Is there a way to convert an cbz / epub / pdf comic to support Amazon's "panel reading"?
Can I implement read-aloud myself for epub 3?
Cannot view the collections I created on my kindle touch
How can I extract images from AZW?
Accessing Clippings Deleted from MyClippings.txt
Text-align in calibre doesn't work
Software to create bilingual ebooks?
Resetting to factory reset, 2 Kindles
Safari Books Online on Kindle Paperwhite experimental Browser
Does anybody read interactive eBooks?
Printing ebook on A4 paper
Is there a way to convert an ePub page flip direction to rtl automatically?
How can I get an HTML input converted to PDF at 6x9" or otherwise for KDP paperback creation?
Un tech savvy user needs help
xpath in the calibre editor
Removing identifiable metadata from azw3
How do you create and add a .apnx file to a Kindle book to display real page numbers?
Is it possible to set font-color to the background-color
DRM free book shop
How to avoid sporadic page breaks in epub when using page markers?
Maintain font color when changing background color in ebook
Linking to the same reference many times (instead of writing it over and over), while inserting each time a page number to it: possible?
Calibre - output PDF with original page count
which kindle supports remote factory reset?
Is there a way to have a fallback format for images?
What are "open" and "closed" settings in PDF bookmarks?
difference between Calibre's metadata.opf and content.opf
how does kindle ownership work?
SD Cards with Unusual File Types
Destructive scanning: Sanding down spine better than band saw?
Setting Kindle date without WiFi
Kindle for PC does not show page numbers
How to enable wordwise for sideloaded ebooks on kindle Paperwhite 2017 model?
Kindle phrases dictionary
Nested menus in Mobi
Search and replace on Calibre's author metadata
I cannot display ebook content on the Kobo ebook app
front-, body-, backmatter epub:types proper usage
list-style-type: none; does not convert from epub to mobi
How can I control wikipedia settings on kindle paperwhite (5th gen)?
EpubCheck in Calibre gives errors with epub:type and aside
Is it possible to jailbreak Kindle Oasis 2?
How do I direct links in popup-footnotes directly to main text?
How Does Amazon Kindle Renting work on *buntu/Linux Systems?
Problem with left alignment in Calibre/iBooks
Duplicate pages in djvu without significant file size grow
Kindle Direct Publishing: How to mention other Books
Kindle eBook turns into two page layout in landscape
History of my book's bestseller ranking on Amazon?
Kobo Aura and style
On a Kindle e-reader with LTE/Cellular, can I turn off LTE but keep WiFi on?
What is the definition for "location" in a kindle eBook?
Create a DRM Compatible reader?
Is there a way to get Kindle for Mac or PC to expand images?
How to create plain text flashcards for the Kindle?
How to open file daisy protected?
How PDF Landscape 1 page, file conver into EPUB & Kindle with complete fit
How do I start over and create a new Calibre library?
how to view the download queue for a Kindle
Authoring Kindle ebook from MS Word document - how to prevent pictures from stretching?
cover size issue with pandoc (markdown to epub) (when viewing on Kobo)
collection shows as empty and refuses to populate -- not syncing properly
InDesign: ePub/eBook Fixed Layout (Export Question)
Best PDF app reader for iPad that emulates the paper book experience
Amazon Kindle Fire : Account Authentication Failure, The customer has reached max number of registered devices
How do you remove a epub book margin for kobo?
Does ipad (ibooks) supports mixed layout epubs (reflowable with some fixed pages)
bulk conversion of EPUB for Kindle (mobi)
How to create large print from PDF
e-book cloud interface with Kindle web based admin
Your Kindle is unable to connect at this time
How to update the firmware for a K3 Kindle keyboard from Linux?
automate the sending of Calibre recipes to Kindle?
How can I find duplicate epub books based on word count?
editing the font for a Mobi file
Calibre can optionally use a server to send mail
How can I turn my hardcover book into a digital copy?
cloud-based epub reading system with offline reading AND collections -- what are my options?
Android reader that will ignore PDFs, use my directory structure?
ppt conversion for kindle
Where to go for ebook suggestions?
Copy Chapter Numbers And Titles from TOC to Individual Chapters
Using Kindle for Windows 10 with NordVPN
How to send web pages to a Kindle from Firefox?
EPUB 3 CSS stylesheet ignored in some cases?
Extract highest quality images from a pdf. Handle annotations & jpeg 2000 in Ubuntu
Create epub in Calibre without Document Outline?
I would like to view full cover of converted pdf ebook originally purchased on Kindle Store
How to read books on computer on kobo
Calibre error: Failed: Fetch news from
How to set the font sizes of two text sections to be relative to each other?
On Kindle Fire 8, granting permission to Android apps
Is regex available in Sigil clip editor?
Drop caps on kindle (paperwhite)
Not able to edit the html of an ebook file
Can I get just the EPUB file from the Kobo store?
Can playbooks tell me how many times I've read the same book?
Which is the quickest way to change apostrophes to quotation marks?
Epub conversion for a book in Hebrew
Windows explorer - preview thumbnail of MOBI and AZW files
how to extract specific tag using calibre
Why some magazine's pdf cover is the advertisement?
Automating <a href=""> Links (EPUB, HTML)
Which FREE ebook readers for Windows allow two-column view and left justification?
How to add a clickable table of contents in a book bought from Amazon Kindle?
Is there an epub reader for a PC which lets the user take notes?
How to convert jarirreader format to PDF/Mobi
How can I add a news website that does not have rss feed, to Calibre?
How do I side load a zip containing images of different formats to a Kobo Aura H2O?
Sizing my Epub for Edit for read-along
Kindle Create and full page images
Improve 'Look Inside' view of the Kindle mobi eBook in Amazon
Occasional blank pages in ePub produced by calibre from Word document
Calibre changes font coverting AZW book to EPUB
How to get number of locations of a Kindle ebook programatically?
Can you access Audible through Kindle for kids on the Paperwhite?
How can I fix this kindle?
How to import books in Kobo android application?
what native fonts are there on a kindle?
How can I transfer data from kindle to computer without a cable?
How do I use calibre to create page-numbered ebooks for Kindle?
No progress report display
Can an ebook on essays sell good on amazon/kindle?
best e-reader for pdfs
Calibre: Adding ", " as a separator for splitting the authors string
Kindle's sleep mode: keeping last page on screen
Page Navigation on reMarkable Tablet
how to convert markdown with sub-markdowns to ebook
Remove Kindle special offers as a gift
iRiver Story stopped reading files
Adding a language that Calibre does not recognize
How to fix Calibre Author amalgamations?
Kindle Touch 4th Generation does not render published font correctly
Unlock Demo Mode Kindle Oasis 2
Publishing in serveral formats: what CSS code to use?
How can I download a TED transcript to a Kindle Paperwhite
How to show all the books under a tag and its subtags?
Selective substrings in TOC - calibre
Adobe Digital Editions 2.0.1 vs. Windows 10
Is there an equivalent of TeX's \hfill in CSS?
Export annotations from (non Amazon) book on kindle
Is there a way to produce an epub with numbered equations?
Send bought books to kindle as books and not documents
css - select only when followed by specific element
Transfer epub from Android phone to Kobo reader
PDF Compressor online / software
How to include SVG in eBooks
how to NOT have calibre reduce pictures' resolution when converting from epub (or anything I guess) to MOBI
How to choose where/which to buy ebook/book online?
JPG loses quality during epub to pdf conversion with calibre
Accessible voice controlled e-reader?
Is there any app available for reading the books downloaded in PDF format?
log of e-books sent via e-mail from Calibre
Which major eBook reading applications support JavaScript?
Calibre: suppress message that is displayed when opening to Full Screen
Can I use books from pdfdrive.com (legally) for my learning purpose?
How to move a word to the next line in Sigil
Can someone help me find this book?
How do I filter out read items in a collection in Kindle?
Does anyone know of any free non resident library cards?
Can I force Calibre flow mode to ignore page breaks and never skip pages like paginated mode?
Need app for reading original pdf on multiple platforms with position and notes sync
convert mobi to epub
ePub 3 option for age restriction metadata?
Is it possible to sync reading status to Goodreads from only one Kindle on an account?
