Effect of positive inflation shock on the exchange rate
What is the point of silent auctions?
Economics: inductive or deductive? Verificationism or falsificationism?
How is a GDP of an economy unaffected with reduction in GNP?
Question on significance of different ways of measuring Price Elasticity of Demand
In a bi-weekly payroll cycle, there are only ever 26 pay dates, correct?
Relationship between parameters estimates of continuous variables and dummy variables
Why has increased productivity over the last 100 years not affected how much people work?
If the Number of Workers in an Economy Doubled, Would Productivity Fall to Half its Former Value?
If Gross Savings is less than Gross Investment, could we say that investment is being made with borrowed money?
Robinson Crusoe economy with saving and borrowing
Looking for data about collateral and safe asset
Intuition behind fixed effects estimator
Best formula for price depending on amount
Reducing the working hours to 32 hours / week - how much it would affect the prices of commodities?
Question about M.I.U. model - Walsh
How do we prevent big companies conspiracy?
Is this use of a Law of Large Numbers correct?
In the Ricardian model, why are two out of 3 cases invalid?
Consumer choice: How could a consumer weakly prefer A to B *and* B to A?
Duality Proof - Consumer Theory
Optimal Random Bids
Examples of technical progress
How does one derive relative demand?
What's wrong with have a 'one second tick' on stock market trades, to prevent high frequency trading?
How come the average studio rent in Vietnam is bigger than the average salary?
Textbook for industrial organization without calculus
Divinity for Dummies
Joint Dynamic Programming: Group Activity
Government Spending vs. Investment Spending
Significance of Y-axis in Aggregate Supply curve (AD-AS model)
What is the difference between contract theory and mechanism design?
Is there an economic term that means the same thing as "personal inflation"
Why is the production possibility set convex?
Is there a study of world poverty rates over time pre 1800?
Core inflation, QE and credibility of ECB
Show the growth rate of technology and capital are eventually continuously increasing
Continuum limit of a weighted mean of heterogeneous discount factors
Why does only relative price and not absolute price matter in international trade models?
If I employ someone to destroy a building, what is the net GDP impact?
Understanding the current monetary context in terms of the classics?
Cloth, Corn and Gold: James Stuart Mill example
Why currency purchasing power is linked to confidence in central banks
Question on monopolist (involves simple calculus)
Quasilinear Utility: Pareto Optimality Implies Total Utility Maximization?
Sources of the endogeneity of money in New Keynesian economics (Woodford)
Negative Externality with Tax and Free TRade
What sort of impact would one expect on investment as a result of an approaching election?
Do Central Banks pay interest on reserves?
What is the reason why ARIMA(0,1,0) on $y_t$ and ARIMA(0,0,0) on diff($y_t$) are not identical time-series models?
Reference Request: Cost Benefit Analysis of Conversion of Undeveloped Land for Housing
Finding labor supply function from equation of labor market
Are there studies on the impact of the closing of military bases on islands, especially Okinawa
What did Adam Smith mean by "putting [the pins] into the paper"?
Bail-in and equity absorbing losses
Is there a simple way to write a model with firms/sectors with different demand elasticities?
What institutions are examples of "shadow banking"?
Consumer Choice
What statistical techniques can be used for measuring price elasticity
The phase diagram for the simple RBC model
What are taxes for since law forbids printing of money?
In this scenario, which coin is more valuable?
What are some famous examples of infant industries that failed?
Continuous preferences definition
What's an end effect?
Limits of utilitarianism?
Why do Latin American countries fare among the worst at managing inflation
Coalitional games and Shapley value used for assessing explanatory variable contribution
What are examples of natural monopolies that don't have overwhelming economies of scale?
Gaussian Affine Model and CAPM
Converting a GDP series to constant international dollars
Does a perfectly price discriminating natural monopoly cause externalities or any type of market failure?
Is China at the golden savings rate s? If so, what is it?
Equality of ordinal vs. cardinal utility under transformations - who made the distinction first?
What would be the economic impact of the "fair tax" plan?
What models exist that explain which people emigrate to another country?
Why are some goods without close substitutes not sold in some countries?
Why does lowering interest rates transfer incomes from households to corporations?
Delay in the transmission of knowledge to poorer countries
Using another person's guess as an IV
Monetary Transmission in New Keynesian - Euler Equation
What actually went wrong in the economy as described by "The Big Short"?
Is it worth while to get a master's in math (or applied math) before pursuing phd in economic theory?
Is inflation good?
Need Advice Debugging MLE Code to Estimate an ARMA(p,q)
Can overreporting the oil production cause a fall of the oil prices
Are there stable improvements of the Ramsey-Cass-Koopmans model?
Perfect Complements - Walrasian Equilibrium
Estimates for 'inflation expectations': the 'breakeven' rates. What are they?
Time affecting price elasticity of supply
Overlaping jurisdictions Model: Proof of Lemma 1; The Size of Nations
List of commercial banks by country in Europe
Key Performance Indicators
How do I calculate price elasticity of demand using historical price and quantity data?
Variance of Quantile Regression
Sanders' Plan to tie health care spending as a percentage of income
Is utility function used in customer data/profile analysis? What alternatives in practice?
Jokes in Economics; Challenging Assumptions in the Dismal Science
Critiques to Mankiw, Romer, Weil (1992) paper on Economic Growth
What is the FRB's Z.1 table L.218
Are options a form of insurance?
maximizing leontief-type utility function
Utility theory or decision theory based on partial semiorders?
Financial Economics Textbooks
Why politicians choose Mega Projects in developing countries?
Market structure and price setting: Imperfect competition in the final good sector
Why is Uber worth almost as much as Boeing?
Code finding all stable matchings in one-to-one problem
Rosen's Diagonal Strict Concavity condition
Solow Growth Model. Steady State. Can someone explain please?
Testing for heteroskedasticity in panel data vs time series?
Why is machine built this year but not sold this year included in GDP?
Why isn't the "annihilator" matrix a zero matrix?
In modern economics, what are the least restrictive conditions shown to theoretically achieve Pareto Efficiency?
How does Joseph Stiglitz and Greenwald explain why markets with imperfect information fail to have a pareto efficient equilibrium?
Why does decrease in fixed taxes accompanied by a decrease in Government Spending of the same amount will decrease GDP?
How Does Adding Regressors Affect Standard Errors and Existing Coefficients?
Is there autocorrelation in stock prices?
Division of labor vs division of work
Doubt in understanding the advantages of Fixed Exchange Rate
What obstacles/economic barriers do stock exchanges face in developing countries?
Is a lack of any barriers to entry a necessary condition for ensuring pareto optimality is reached?
Capital stock depreciation rate, how to calculate?
What does the elasticity of substitution between capital and labour mean?
Is the basic RBC model a weak model?
Abnormal Return - Event Study
Including variable with causation problem for estimating from LISS
How to consolidate data for "single customer view", what models to use for representing customer?
Robinson Crusoe Production Economy
Because Sunk Costs can encode information, should Sunk Costs really be ignored?
Argentine default: "Rights upon future offers"
Why shouldn't the relative prices change in the Heckscher-Ohlin model?
When were the First and Second Welfare Theorems proven?
What are the economic consequences of discounting deferred tax liability?
What distinguishes political economic models of dictatorship and democracy?
Determine price and cost of intermediate good
Constrainted optimization: merge two constraints into one
Cournot game with 2 firms
A doubt on the Regression of Mankiw, Romer, Weil 1992 paper
What are the economic ramifications of rent control?
How to define best value?
How to model the change in fossil fuel price?
Where do computational economists work
How to distinguish Full-time (FT) employment and Part-time (PT) employment when calculating employment rate?
How to calculate change in GDP using valued added?
Why do central banks currently favor cheap money policies?
How to model best combination of resources
Convert DSGE paper to structural econometrics, anything to be noted？
How to overcome measurement error in variable for immigration year?
Are there any major commodity markets with a public order book?
Understanding the Components of Optimization
Proving AC is minimized when MC=AC
Is money capital?
What percentage of UK imports/exports were with the EU in the economic year 2015-2016?
What is the purpose of interest?
LEN-Model equivalency
What are all the countries that have a value added tax?
Question about Euler condition
What is the point of the indirect utility function?
Unions and their effect on salary with tenure
Dynamic contract theory: Demarzo, Fishman(2007) optimal long term financial contracting
equivalence in hypothesis testing
How can the abuses of monopoly power lead to market failure?
Return on Assets vs Return on Investment
How are shell companies used for tax evasion?
Software to simulate the effects of interest rates on an economy?
How do interest rates affect the distribution of wealth?
What would be the economic impact of regulating advertising?
CES: Production function: Elasticity of substitution $\sigma = 1/(1 + \rho)$
How do environmental deregulations push an economy inside its Production Possibility Frontier and make it inefficient?
Which of the following explains that the price increase of oil cause the price of natural gas to increase?
Principle of least benefit
VAT vs. Income tax - How their effect varies
What is the "natural rate of interest" vs. "money interest rate"?
Monetary Policy - How can increasing interest rates cause higher inflation in the short term?
Why is a 'linear' regression model, with AR(1) error terms, a non-linear model?
How does Ricardo justify this math?
Ok to normalize GDP change by population change?
Interpretation of Incidence Rate Ratio for a Poisson Regression With a Non-Binomial Dependent Variable
How does economic theory handle full automation of production resulting in full unemployment?
Substitutability vs complementarity of efforts
How to determine the marginal product for the following question?
Pareto set and contract curve
Where can I find information on relationships between different commodities?
get statistics about the research intensity of an industry
Is it correct to say that wealth is "destroyed" when an asset bubble bursts?
Growth accounting: technological progress grows at near zero rate
Just how much calculus is involved in the study of economics?
Interaction dummies estimates influence other estimates?
Which foreign workers in USA who send remittances to family are getting the best bang for their buck?
Help Finding Information on "Power Trends" or "Polynomial Trends"
Why does an increase in money cause a proportionate increase in price level according to classical/neoclassical economists?
Differences in Economic models
Causes of upward trend in median first marriage age in USA?
Clarification on the impact of a change in the Bank Rate (UK)
Does the concept of Nash-equilibrium conflict with the concept of market equilibrium in the lemon market
Why is MRS equal to Price ratio?
Where can I find data related to foreign remittances?
welfare economics journals
What is the difference between Solow growth, classical growth, and neoclassical growth?
Limits to Growth: Is environmental collapse by 2030 a likely scenerio?
Refinements of Walrasian equilibrium
Proving the asymptotic normality of th Non-linear Least Squares estimator
"Demand for money" - definition
Why is the yen getting stronger even with negative interest rates?
Endogenous Growth: Balanced Growth Path with CRRA Utility
How did Portugal draw down their interest rates on pubic debt?
How does one prove the convergence of a trajectory in the Ramsey model?
When the convexity assumptions fail
What is the link between econometric theory and applied work?
How does lowering a corporate tax rate benefit a nation?
Lifetime Budget Constraint
Gold and loss of faith in central banking
Why do firms adjust their fixed costs in response to a change in price in a perfectly competitive market?
possible Heteroskedasticity?
How to find corner Pareto efficient allocations
Calculating Annualized Average Return
What is the wealth of a company?
Martingale, random walk and rational expectations
The intersection of geopolitical wrangling and economics
Term for fraction of economic value earned?
Spatial Durbin model in Stata - How it is estimated?
Why could interest rates go up if Brexit happens?
One-Step estimators for non-linear regression
Problem if Shareholder is a Director
How to show that GLS estimator is consistent in regression model?
why do we analysis the housing market from 'short run' and 'long run'?
Is an unconditional basic income pleasurable idea or it cannot be achieved?
Why teach Arrow's impossibility theorem?
Is worsening wealth inequality intrinsic to Capitalism?
Math basics for Macro&Micro economics and econometrics
What does "(Earnings Per Share) sen" mean in a shareholders' context?
Does the price level in a competitive market have to be at the intersection of the Average Cost curve and the Marginal Cost curve?
What are the likely effects on the distribution of income if the rate of indirect tax is reduced?
What is the difference between the discrete choice method and the generalised cost method in transport planning?
Interpreting correlation between fixed effect and explanatory variable
Why is deflation not considered the opposite of inflation?
lowering minimum wage by half, effect on population of Puerto Rico
Does the GDP contribution of a service sector represent the gross profits of that sector?
Oaxaca decomposition - Interpretation Interaction
Why aren't there more super-stars in educational content delivery?
Who really benefits from economic growth?
Does the contract curve always have to connect the initial points on an edgeworth box? Why or why not?
Has anyone studied how people's indifference curves can change?
depreciation in income approach of GDP
Help with regressing GDP and independent variables
How to calculate the quantity of an incumbent that sets the profit of a challenger equal to 0?
Recommendations for ways to address gaps in GDP data?
Why did the Fed raise interest rates between 2004 and 2006?
Why do we change the base year?
Update of value function in continuous time - HJB
Binding constraints at second-best optimum
Which currency is preferred when countries with different currencies purchase imports/sell exports?
given someone's past investing history, is there a way to calculate his risk aversion?
How does the ban on surge pricing affect the companies, customers and the economy?
Classification of Two-Person Games
STATA: Estimation of Own-Price and Cross-Price Elasticities for Logit, Nested Logit, and BLP Models
Is increasing the money supply possible with a gold standard? How about controlling interest rates?
Ln differenced price level times 400, why 400?
Does the Tax Allowance Benefit Everyone (Regardless of Their Income)?
Allocation of an Indivisible Good
Limits to Quantitative Easing Programmes
Given a standard Cobb-Douglas production function, how to estimate the output elasticity of labour and capital by country?
GMM: Under What Conditions Does Adding a Seemingly Unrelated Moment Condition Increase Efficiency?
Why would Switzerland, with its export-driven economy, worry about weakening against the dollar?
Calculate Elasticity of demand in this example
How often do banks borrow from the Federal Reserve?
A study plan to understand game theory papers
Negative expected value; risk neutral choice
Which of the possible monetary policy channels is there empirical evidence for?
What fraction of new businesses die out within a year?
Producer's cost for buying full solution vs. buying parts
Is global economic collapse inevitable?
Finding an exchange rate and competitive equilibrium given an initial allocation and utility function
Effect on monopoly price
Econometric model of government interest rates and abnormal returns
Can the Gross Value Added be negative?
Calculating Service Contributions to GDP
How widespread is the subjective theory of value ?
Original data Altman used for his z-score formula
A world with total automation
What are accepted econometric methods to find out if a time series is I1 or not?
What analysis has been done to predict the next big financial crash?
How can we measure the size of the new uber-driver-type economy?
How to measure home value distribution in a city?
Isoquant creator
Is there a change over the business cycle in how much of economic activity is market-based?
Federal Reserve Open Market Operations
Econometrics-using log-log or continuously compounded annual rate of change
Outputting Regressions as Table in Python (similar to outreg in stata)?
Which think-tanks on economics do you use to keep up with the news?
Volatility of investment: Joint-Volatility of mutually independent variables
The difference between profit and earning something
How the long lives of oil platforms can account for the volatility in oil prices?
Contract curve for firms with linear utility functions
Doubt regarding Walrasian equilibrium with complements for both agents
What Level of Government Debt to GDP Ratio is Sustainable?
Estimating elasticity of substitution in nested CES functions
Multi-way clustering
Is information technology going to turn most "common goods" into private goods?
Questions on comparing GDP between various countries
Can savings and poverty coexist?
SVAR Historical decomposition
How do I adjust for inflation?
Labour markets and supply-side policies: too much stress put on the WS push factors?
Differences between international and national creditors
How are strutural deficits measured by the EU comission and by the IMF?
Understanding Tertiarization of the Economy
What are the indicators of a country being in a financial crisis
On the Ms. Exponential vs Ms. Hyperbolic vignette
Monetary policy optimization
difference between screening game and moral hazard game
Why is oil price increasing in May 2016
What do economist state as evidence that "structural reform" works?
How much money was distributed during quantative easing?
If $\succsim$ is rational, then $B \mapsto C^*(B, \succsim)$ satisfies the weak axiom, and $\succsim=\succsim^*$
What does this phrase about economics mean [Lionel Robbins]?
Does the growth rate of a neoclassical production function converge as all input factors grow with constant, but different growth rates?
Capital - augmenting and energy-augmenting technical progress
Infinite Horizon Transversality Condition
Is it possible to tell anything about market structure if I have annual price data of the industries?
Why are things usually cheaper in absolute terms the poorer a country is?
Why don't firms and individuals do much more risk management? Couldn't they all hedge all kinds of risks financially?
Does decreasing marginal utility imply risk aversion?
Is it better for economic growth to invest in stocks or to purchase products?
Under what condition would the law of one price hold?
What is the intuition behind projecting stochastic discount factor into the vector space spanned by the payoff vectors?
What is the logic the Fed used for paying interest on reserves?
How much inflation will changes to official wage benchmarks cause?
What evidence is there that Adam Smith made mistakes in criticizing Mercantilism and upholding capitalism?
Which elements to forecast/estimate Oil/Pretroleum derivatives, would you consider?
Are there economic policies that help countries fight corruption?
Does the Independence Axiom Require Statistical Independence?
Why do developing countries adopt 21st century technology, but stay behind in output per capita?
What have been some trade-offs that the U.S. has made?
Finding Pareto Optimality
Why is the current WDI missing CPI data for some countries (including the UK and China)?
Is there an economic rationale for wanting to know the gender of a child before it is born?
Confused by the Term "Welfare Relative to Full Information Welfare"
Are all fixed capital public goods?
Macroeconomic effects of Profit Maximizing Federal Reserve
Does good geographical location count as land in economics?
Lucas Cost of Business Cycles
GDP/PPP influence - Adjusted savings: carbon dioxide damage
Binding and slack constraints in adverse selection problem
If I make an international purchase with a card which contains domestic currency, is this currency converted to the currency of the seller?
Dynamic dividing a dollar game
Are there times when firms compete more with each other?
Relationship between elasticity and interpretation of approximate percentage change
University course references for Market Structure/Industrial Organization
How is the matching principle implemented with double entry accounting?
Mythbusters - Determine optimal boarding strategy based on time and satisfaction score
Commodity bundles as vectors
Selecting the best utility function for households
The question is related to topic consumer surplus
Venezuelan black market exchange
Why would investors from other countries want to invest in a country with a large CA deficit?
Is there an economic theory of why people like to hold on to wealth?
Productive Allocative Efficiency (Competitive Equilibrium)
How much interest rate would make his earnings the same
Is the Austrian wage system bad for its economy?
Quoting convention for Gold in the early 1900s
Regarding different areas of specialisation in development economics in relation to their application for the betterment of real world
Is there any evidence on the effect of China's investment in African countries on their economic development?
Please solve this question
Euclidean spaces,vector spaces,metric spaces,commodity spaces,Cartesian spaces
How are purchasing power parity (PPP) conversions computed?
Distrubtion of a test statistic under the alternative hypothesis
Do modern economists still believe balance of trade is an important concept in economics?
Can anyone help me understand the budget constraint of an investor in complete market?
Can anyone explain the connection between complete market and perfect risk sharing?
What tools are available to understand situations where the supply curve is clearly a function of the demand curve?
Solution Method for Infinite-Horizon Maximization Problem
Total values of used/second-hand goods sold and donations?
Cointegration test in Stata
Dynamic programming problem with dimension over 1000
Is it possible for disposable income to be lower than consumption expenditure?
When a country collects data for calculating the Gini index, do they usually neglect single household?
Aggregation theorems hold if endowments are endogenous?
Can a Discount Rate be Inferred within a Solow-Swan Growth Model?
How can i find the best GARCH (p,q) in this serie?
Reference request: Development economics
Did the financial crisis affect the retirement patterns of Baby boomers?
Would healthcare costs increase (in the long term) if all smokers quit?
Why is UK infrastructure so expensive?
In what sense is economic growth cumulative?
The independence of Central Banks
Transfer payments and IS multiplier
Absolute Value of Log in stocks returns
Trouble Deriving Indentification Scheme in Gertler-Karadi (2015) AEJ
Why is LIFO allowed in accounting?
What are the current economic theories of product advertising?
Does the government have a role to play in certifying people's abilities for the labor market?
Robust Standard Errors for Control Function Approach?
Obj function yielding independent goods demand functions
Estimating Demand for Goods with n Choices
Income Elasticity of Demand for Higher Education
Log-linearization of the market clearing condition
Is there an alternative metric to GDP that measures a country's assets rather than flows?
What would make a restaurant offer all-day breakfast?
Classical Dichotomy and Money Neutrality
Russian ruble drop in value due to low oil prices
oTree: How to have unequal groups sizes, with agents ocasionally sitting out rounds
How to have same utility function for two persons?
What is autocorrelation of prices?
Do Hong Kong highschool teachers earn more than Hong Kong quants?
Career-question: Fields that combine Development Econ with Finance?
The evolution of economic thought in the XX century
Seigniorage, or monetary financing of fiscal policy
Interpretation of %p.a. notation
how to find Cournot equilibrium for 2 firms having different MC?
Data on corruption in Venezuela
The Fed may increase the rates. But will that make the government debt unsustainable?
How does advertising improve the utility of a product?
Find change in gross profit after price change
Why am I getting 3 different answers for Point Elasticity of Demand?
Why is the total wealth of the world not a conserved quantity?
Finding optimal Inflation - Walsh
If automation implicitly increases wealth, why is it generally considered undesirable?
Who gets newly printed currency?
What has happened in Venezuela?
Interpretation of lagrange multiplier
Effort setting game - no idea where to start
What are the textbook-like obvious advantages and disadvantages of tipping?
Is there any difference between using LRAC and LRATC in a long-run market structure diagram?
Can You Help Me Understand this Definition of Economic Efficiency
On official bank rate of Sweden
Statistical tests/models to use for Macroeconomic and Financial Research
Impact of election outcomes on individual's mood? Behavioral Finance
What is the difference between knowledge-based and R&D?
First Reference Leontief/Perfect Complements
Textbook claims that price level accompanied by decrease in interest rates?
Do heterogeneity in consumption baskets lead to very different inflation rates for different consumers?
Value added by workers
Transforming expected utility functions
Errata for Wooldridge graduate econometrics book
Can supply and demand curves be used in electricity modelling?
Where to get historical intraday trading data from?
How is the "value added" of firms distributed
Is there a standard for job sectors?
Endogeneity and Partial effect interpretation of coefficients
A game plan for Cross-Section modelling
Does the Federal Reserve buy and sell stocks?
Calculating Nash Equilibrium prices for Bertrand duopolists
What are the currently accepted methods to estimate a firm's productivity?
Pareto efficient quantity of public good (quasi-linear preferences)
To input equation from eviews to excel
If an employee works overtime (and gets paid for it), how does this affect a nation's GDP?
Omitted variables in gravity model
Money supply control vs. interest rate control
Are There Giffen Inputs?
Show a compound function is increasing and supermodular given its components
Retailer Price Setting for Existing Inventory in the Event of an Increase in Price Paid for the Good
Who owns the federal reserve?
Are there examples of businesses that profit from helping consumers coordinate better?
price elasticity of output, makes sense?
Will interest rates still hike even after a weak jobs report?
How to auction shared item with a roommate?
Are there any examples where fractal geometry is applied in economics or finance?
If the company were to buy back all their shares, does that mean the company would own itself?
Shape of Isoprofit Curves for Strategic Complements
The appeal of low-dividend stocks when trading with government debt
Competition Data across Countries
Has anyone made a successful economic prediction more than once?
Interest rate and yield curve in a mild recession
Balanced Growth Path (Qualifier Question)
How to calculate constant GDP in international $ from nominal GDP in local currency units
Why does a buyer value a dollar in a small purchase (e.g. TV) differently to a dollar in a large purchase (e.g. car)?
Economies of scale in Robinson Crusoe economy?
Weird Leontief production function
Are there big waves of entrepreneurship over time?
Market equilibrium and pareto efficiency
Determine the homogeneity of a demand function
How to measure GDP in practice?
Why are oil prices increasing in India despite countervailing trends in the international market?
Why use the income approach to approximate GDP if it relies on the value produced by the expenditures approach?
Is there a good way of assessing an estimated absolute value of a currency?
What is the most successful economic prediction?
How Would a Firm Which Produces a Giffen Good Maximize Profits?
Are Trade Blocs regionalism rather than Globalisation
Bonds with embedded options pricing via binomial model
Research on invisible networks
What would happen if a company bought back of all of its stock? Would it own 100% of itself?
How is the choice of banknote denominations made?
Motivation for use of GLS instead of System OLS
How can 1 BTC gain value in USD if inflation is happening?
Money Demand on the 60's and 70's
How helpful is Hotelling's Rule in determining the price of oil?
Sen's Liberal Paradox
What does efficient and inefficient innovators mean?
Ultralow interest rates and bubbles
Do corporations outside of the Eurozone issue bonds in Euro?
Calculate deadweight loss from cost and inverse demand function in monopoly
Is a 'Brexit' really that bad?
What is the difference between comma and plus in the bellman equation?
Credit market debt is $200 trillion?
Weak Axiom of Revealed Preference
Decision to make one side of a multisided platform the subsidy side
Have social accounting matrices and input output models fallen out of fashion? if so, why?
Demonstrating that markets yield productive and allocative efficiency to introductory students
What is the list of countries where the central bank prints money?
The Price is Right Bidding Strategies
Contribution Margin
Why does BOJ unchanged rate lead to Nikkei and Topix declines?
What is an econometrician?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of second price auctions?
Can integrals be interpreted simultaneously as aggregates and averages? (Mas-Colell et al. 1995, Proposition 4.C.4)
How government borrowing from central bank increases money supply in economy?
The relationship between structural budget balance and cyclically adjusted budget balance?
Calculating Time to Balanced Growth Path
Continuous rational and monotone preference relation implies $x\succsim0$?
Books to self-study applied econometrics
Labor as a commodity
(Preference Relation/Set) Continuous $\succsim$ imply closedness of upper and lower contour sets
What happens to a company whose share price goes down to very little over dividend loss?
If we add up all the income while finding GDP of a country, is income counted multiple times?
Is the Convex Combination of Two Pareto Optimal Allocations Also Pareto Optimal?
Why does immigration boost the economy? (or does it not...?)
How to get hang of mathematical language that is so extensively used in economics?
what percentage of a banks money do they lend
Is the Cobb-Douglas Utility Function Locally Non-Satiated at (0,0)?
Is this formula for net present value correct?
Optimal monetary policy under commitment & FOCs
Do standard definitions of substitute goods and complementary goods assume the Law of Demand?
Analyse the data of two responses while having two different scales
Why are there so many migrants in the modern world?
Continuous Preference Relation Imply Continuous Utility Fn Existence
Is there anything like ratio between number of manufacturing industries to number of retail shops?
Data on Individual Performance of Franchises
Basic model where inflation occurs
Empirical Study of Auctions with Limited Data
Derive the Cost Function TC(Q)
Use of Slutsky equation
Why should the statistical value of life exist?
How does an import driven economy function?
Empirical Evidence of Cournot Competition?
Different values for US Public Debt, why?
What does long-run level mean for exchange rate
Has absolutely no economist ever considered that real energy prices cause recessions?
The Printing of Money for Paying Debt
Delaying wages in response to slack?
Conventional Monetary Policy and Income Inequality
What exactly is purchasing power parity (PPP)?
Why does the Brexit cause a fall in crude oil prices?
Formula for feasibility for production versus import
Find the standard deviation of a log-normal AR1-process with exponent
How will the Brexit affect the Euro and the Pound?
Why does slowly decaying ACF indicate that a time series is non-stationary?
How did Brexit wipe $2 trillion off world markets?
How will the economic effects of Brexit impact a middle-class American family?
Do trade policies have to change after Brexit?
Financial Smart Contract on Ethereum: can an Ether Futures contract be priced in Ether?
Why is the Chilean economy so much better than the rest of the countries in South America?
Can Apple use its off-shore cash to do Apple stock buy-backs tax free?
Why is a fire service considered to be a non-rival service, while a highway is considered to be a rival good?
Definition of market to book value?
Why is Price Vector Orthogonal to Vector connecting two bundles on Budget Hyperplane
Why is sugar cane still harvested manually in Brazil?
Surveys which capture income of individuals and other details
Church tax capital gains tax exemption
Global Education Indicators - dataset
Monetary Policy and international reserves-- interpretation of the estimated coefficient
Why do currencies cover orders of magnitude?
Demand curve deriviation
Weierstrass Thm: Continuous Fn Attaining Extrema on Compact Domain $u:\mathbb{R^L}\rightarrow\mathbb{R}$
How to get this budget constraint?
What's the role for official intervention in the Balance of Payments?
Kuhn Tucker Conditions with fewer non-negativity constraints than number of variables
Screw foreign investment, lets just print money
Linearity in Pricing and Duality, UMP EMP
What is the difference between gross, operating, net profit and EBIT(DA)?
Building a (relatively simple) Model which indicates macroeconomic movements
Estimate the Utility function for the Principal-Agent problem (real case)
Adjusting reported costs figures
Ito's Lemma derivation
Decentralization of business due to internet/mass communication, or mere bosses-at-a-distance?
My Challenge in Econ 101 explanation of Marginal Benefit = Marginal Cost
What are the pro's and cons of GST (goods and service tax) ? And what influence it can make in the Indian economy?
List of theoretical models of learning
Securities traded in different currency
What is the No Free Lunch Axiom?
Monetary Policy adjustments as a result of Brexit
GNP, GDP, GNI, GNDI and their relationships?
In classical macroeconomics, why Labor supply responds to real wages and not money wages?
Simulating macro / benchmark data
Unitary demand curve: p = 1 - q
If central banks become shareholders, where can investors go?
Why does falling global bond yields signal coming deflation
Oddness of equilibrium points
Argentina taxes
Checking incentive compatibility of a mechanism
Menu-pricing with three consumer groups
Interpretation of regression coefficients with and without logs
Price when both supply and demand have market power
Can a closed economy flourish?
Diminishing Nature of Utility Function From Convexity of Preference $\succsim$?
Trade-off between determenistic and random alternatives in a one-shot game
Evaluation around steady state for a specific DSGE Model
Are sales taxes regressive?
Why is fuel more expensive on the high way in Europe?
Growth rate of variables on a balanced growth path (BGP)
Distribution of loans by types of interest
How will London's role as a financial center be affected after the Brexit and what are possible alternatives?
Accounting for Fixed Effects
Isn't money moving towards central bank in the long run?
Recommended reading to understand American economic history
The Economical "justification" of mass killings
Given $\mathbb Q$ and $X_t$ is $\mathbb Q$-Brownian, find $\frac{d\mathbb Q}{d\mathbb P}$ / Uniqueness of Brownian or Radon-Nikodym derivative
Negative probabilities - Can we have negative payments in bonds?
World as a society of interlinked multiplayer individuals
Connection between negative interest rates and negative bond yields
Vickrey Auction question
How to use the Girsanov theorem to prove $\hat{W_t}$ is a $\hat{\mathbb P}$-Brownian motion?
Macroeconomics: Aggregate Demand, Equilibrium Dynamics and Expenditure Multipliers
What would happen if tomorrow all private and public debt was erased?
How do I calculate consumer surplus and producer surplus from this?
Is my logic on taxation for this question legit?
Asset pricing Coursera resources
USD/CAD fx: What's the difference between Buying USD and Selling CAD?
Confusion regarding remedying negative externalities of consumption through taxation
Does control system engineering have a place in economics?
Is it fair to compare 1950 US economy to 2016 US economy?
consumer and producer surplus
Usefulness of the value for the slope of the demand curve
How exactly does a central bank determine how much to cut/increase interest rates?
VAR Models - Identifying Block Exogenous Variables Through Granger Tests
Open/modern question in labor economics?
To calculate cross elasticity of demand, does percentage change in quantity demanded have to be market demand instead of individual demand?
Why protectionism is bad?
How will perpetual floating rate bonds respond to tighter capital requirements?
Why does the European Central Bank use the 5y5y rate to measure inflation
Macroeconomics and equilibrium
Pushing taxes - economic etymology
Why does 'government consumption'in NK models not add to utility
Finding the minimum # of items to be sold to meet a goal, based on likelihood
Reconciling low wages with high technology and high education
Don't let me take the last bit
"$\backslash$" notation question in definition for Nash equilibrium
Buying stocks in company merging/acquisitions
Is there an index that describes how differentiated a product is?
Is there a serious forum/chat (not Q&A like StackExchange) on Economics?
Are corporations essential components of a free market economy?
Market behavior when consumer must choose product before knowing price?
Market Equilibrium
Exchange rate overshooting
Financial integration and connection between savings and investment
What is a good way te represent analytically two markets with different price elasticities of demand?
How to Show That, on a Balanced Growth Path, Two Variables Grow at the Same Rate
In a trade imbalance does the importing country's currency become more valuable?
It seems firms spend a lot of time and energy "capturing" market share. Why is that?
Self policing incentive in GST
Eric Reinert's conspiracy theory?
Why Is Cointegration Important In Practice?
What is the relation among "welfare economics", "institutional economics", "environmental economics" and "neoclassical economics"
Why goods prices are normalized in each period in growth models?
What do people think are good economic policies to reduce informality?
How to interpret income elasticity of demand
Why do the economic system freeze when the growth is null
How to determine the Steady State of this model?
Container-shipping industry
Is a home (primary residence) purchase a form of investment in macroeconomics?
Why does demand curve shift in, in a monopolistic competitive market?
Why does quantity supplied increase with price in economics?
What may have caused these blips in the value of Euro vs. US dollar
How does low population growth increase the effect of accumulated wealth
Macro Economic Factors that Effect the Revenue for General Mills
because bitcoins do not generate earnings, then (it is a ponzi scheme)?
How to compute Social Welfare in this model?
What is the government's ideal rate of growth for property prices?
U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis, when was that created?
Dollar Before the Federal Reserve
What sectors would be most affected positively or negatively by Trump´s trade agreement renegotiations?
Identify absolute ability from a wage equation
What is money really?
Can fiscal consolidation be expansionary?
Transportation models in economics
Microeconomics - Expected Utility Theory - Piecewise utility index, certainty equivalence, etc.
Does the PBoC work like the Fed in having meetings where they discuss changes in monetary policy?
Teaching ethics and its Economic value
CAAR t-test for event-study
What addition study subjects are required in the investment field
Is the study of the volunteer sector inappropriate for a labour economist?
Is perfectly inelastic demand always coupled with inelastic supply?
What's the difference between public debt, national debt and government debt?
Replicate Romer and Romer (2004) results
What Is the Economic Meaning of "Structural Reforms"
what was the world's wealth in 2015?
Basic theory of exchange
Are there strains of economics that are "no (political) economics"?
Graphing Volunteer labour Supply
If government impose price control, what happens?
How the presence of increasing returns to scale lead to market failure
Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman with heterogeneous discount rates
Which institutions are in the eurodollar market?
Germany's current account surpluses: Negative effect? How to solve them?
using LOG in a econometric model
Why isn't National Net Worth of a country used to calculate its economic power, as opposed to GDP?
What happens to a country with lot of debt?
What would the determinant of the input-output matrix represent? What is the intuition?
The Currency Value
Is market failure the same allocative inefficiency?
Negative consumer externality vs demerit good - what's the difference?
Does every structural policy change count as structural break?
How do you know if a good is a complement or a substitute from given demand and supply functions?
Why the difference in productivity and wage trend in the UK economy?
Econometric model for industrial production
What is the relationship between inflation and imports/exports?
Why does the real wage = W/P?
PMI - Purhasing Managers Index
Can I use calculated data for regression
Directed technical change, Acemoglu (2002) framework - trying to understand how an equation is derived
Economic implications of allowing competition with essential services i.e police, fire department, etc
Calculate coefficient estimates
Do you have a list of books about the evolution of the banking sector?
Solvency and liquidity. How to understand them? Should Central Banks only lend to solvent but illiquid banks?
Where do economists look for reliable commodity prices for dairy products?
Effect of government debt on tax rates?
Structure of Non-profits and Moral Hazard
What is the difference between aggregate supply and GDP?
Best way to learn econometrics for application?
competitive equilibrium with density functions
What is the formula for how many more I need to sell in order to justify raising cost?
How to calculate the average wage increase?
Is anti-competitive behavior a threat in a society with free trade and no regulation?
Debt-to-GDP or Debt-to-Revenue?
What was Milton Friedman's opinion of Supply-side economics?
What is Natural Capital?
marginal utility of consuming vs marginal rate of substitution
Interpreting Disequilibrium: Inelastic Supply and Demand at different quantities
Total UK Household Income
market equilibrium quantity $\ne$ firm profit maximising quantity?
Why is the money supply perfectly inelastic?
Clarifying foreign direct investment and imports on International Transactions release
Controling the level of hours worked in the multiplicative formulation of KPR
Rosen's uniqueness theorem: Why is the Jacobian Square?
Difference between a fixed pricing system and a two tier system regarding inflation onset through illegal transactions
Basel affecting the bank behaviour?
How does an elastic Money Demand affects the effectiveness of fiscal policy?
How to solve Bertrand Equilibrium with a non-constant MC?
Is the marginal cost the same for every firm in a perfectly competitive market?
Is there a good mechanism to incentivize leveraged firms to take less risks?
Do the donated NFL losing team shirts destroy local economies?
Demand-pull inflation intuition
How to estimate parameters in a utility function?
why not use $Ap - p$ instead of $p - Ap$?
What are the factors that drive openness in developed vs developing countries
How does the private bank reserve increase when money is being withdrew?
What are the different patterns/quantity of employment according to demands of different income ranges?
Has a market labor shortage ever occurred?
Are goods that are wasted counted into the GDP of a nation?
Why not just print money to combat deflation?
Derivation of demand for intermediate goods in DSGE model
If a retailer consumes a good he bought from the producer, does that get accounted into the GDP of a nation?
British inflation up again, but crisis might come. What should the BoE do?
Where to start, to know the cost, in hours of work, necessary to produce one more car (or any other good)?
Consumer Theory (Finding demand function)
What are the economic perspectives regarding the game of salary negotiations?
Hypothetical question: Percentage change in Federal income tax revenue in United States if Gini Index = 0?
Could massive derivatives exposures at banks lead to disaster?
What's the ECB share of euro area gov debt?
Are there data for the evolution of global economic inequality
Some issues with HRS (Health and Retirement Study) data
Converting per capita growth rates for subgroups into contribution to total per capita growth rate
UK unemployment for July 2016
why in some countries trade deficits for a few years generates economical crisis and in United States 40 years of deficit hasnt?
Do bankers have important and difficult jobs?
Year effects inconsistent between random effects and fixed effects
Need help identifying this cognitive bias or fallacy pointed out by Kahneman in Thinking Fast and Slow
Correct way to measure Defence budget of a country like India
Doesnt convexity prevent thick indifference curves aswell?
Consumer Theory (Finding demand functions)
When shall I use bootstrap standard error?
FOC for King–Plosser–Rebelo preferences
What is the "gross national saving" for?
Local maximum when Hessian is negative semi-definite?
Studying growth in US and Sweden, what variables should I watch out for in a regression?
Deflating GDP using OECD data
Currency triplets - arbitrage opportunity?
How could having more US dollars solidified the 1991 Argentine peg to the US dollar?
Sources on Educational intervention changing consumer preferences?
What stops a government in partnership with its central bank from lowering interest rates and then borrowing at this lower rate to fund investments?
Equilibrium in a labour market and price floors
Can expansionary monetary policies with debt creation be inflationary?
GNP v. GDP as a true measure of national vibrancy
Short term and long term price elasticity of currencies
Monetization of everything, where does it end?
Reading list: Housing Economics
Modelling Supply Induced Demand
Utility function is given as $U = \sqrt{XY}$ find
How to adjust salaries of more than two countries to a common year given that the data was collected in different years?
Can a government or central bank work to reduce inflation without hiking interest rates and causing the currency to appreciate?
Shall we anticipate regression results？
Clearly explaining the concept of "normalizing" price and relative prices to undergraduate
Why was protectionism considered bad in the great depression?
Why do people trade derivatives?
quasi linear utility function
Rising Marginal Costs: where is the empirical evidence?
Comparing baskets of goods in this exercise
The Effect of Two income Households on Housing Prices
Simple closed economy problem
Renminbi demand and CNY rates
Have there been attempts to measure the value of specific taught skills?
Cobweb theorem and rational expectation
Preferences exhibiting local nonsatiation
applications of the slutsky equation
How to model cooperatives
Advanced Microeconomics: Deriving Slutsky Equation
Example of Price discrimination
What would be the practicality of a widespread open-source approach in an economy?
Dynamic demand model in many good competitive markets and price optimization
Understanding Envelope Theorem
Core elements of Marxist Economics
Euler's theorem and Cobb-Douglas
Positive examples of central bank interest rates adjustments policies
Deriving Simple Tax Multiplier with Calculus (Macro Ugrad)
What happened to leverage buyouts?
Explaining the size of the canadian banking sector
Imperfect vs incomplete information
Taxes and the economy as a whole
As elasticity moves from negative to less negative, this causes prices to increase and profits to increase
Question about Equilibrium Price
What level are EU tariffs mostly?
Slope of a production function
Taking logarithms of variables
When a stock market crashes, how does money just disappear?
"Fairness" exists or not in the real world
What exactly is a trust?
Economics of Education: Private School Behaviour
Where does the value of implicit government banking guarantees end up?
How do the wages affect the employment
How does the economy "detect" if money is removed from circulation?
The effects of Quantative Easing (QE) on FX rates?
How does an increase in the price of "non-wage-goods" increase employment?
How to understand share value vs real worth of the company
Recommended tests do detect breaks in time series
What was the reason behind destorying or re-minting counterfeit gold coins of the same karats as the real ones?
Marginal productivity of aggregate labor relation to wage
How to show the production function is concave in K and L but not strictly so?
Change in the way unemployment is calculated in the US?
$\alpha$ condition and choice structure
Matching problem in continuous time
Optimal Pricing with Advertising
How can I tell if 2 different utility functions represent the same preferences?
Why do Reserve Banks only move in 0.25 basis point 'leaps'
Is there any scientific proof that 2%-3% target inflation rate is ideal?
Interpreting multiple interaction terms
Theory about supply of money, prices, and output?
Domestic Demand, Private Consumption, Public Consumption, Gross Fixed Investment Relationship
Helicopter Money: a tax on banks?
When should a company's revenue and share price grow faster or slower than the economy?
Moral hazard with linear effort and two possible outcomes
Formula for Effective Discount Rate of Discount Rate Series
Consumer based asset pricing model, differentiation problem
Regression Line Method
Adaptive expectations
How does the professional class fit into Marx and Engel's class struggle theory?
Coefficient of Variation for Price
How to solve a variation of Merton's optimal portfolio problem?
Questions on supply curve
What does my lecturer mean by "economic calculation"?
Equivalence of Definitions of Continuity of Preferences
What is the effect of Quantitative Easing on the US budget deficit?
Monopoly's MC, AVC and TVC
Can there be sensible choice behavior that violates the Weak Axiom of Revealed Preference?
If Y=K+C, why the value of a marginal unit of capital is the same of the value of a marginal unit of output?
A question about Fixed effects estimation
Method of Lagrange multipliers with random variables
Rigorous proof needed: Acemoglu (Intro Growth) Corollary $2.1.2$
Economic Theories for the creation of a new or separate Industry?
The stochastic discount factor $M_t$ in a simple RBC model
Primary dealers in treasury auctions
Effect of trade on voting
How to find the present value of a perpetuity with a non-constant growth rate?
International Trade: Two country trade problem
How to find the discount rate at which two deals are equally attractive?
Regression of first differenced log-transformed model
Wealth Distribution of the Super-Rich
Locating Sweden's Net Savings Rate, Public Saving, Private Saving, and Corporate Savings Rates?
Is there a commitment mechanism which allows players to achieve pareto optimal solutions?
Count panel models for endogenous regressors
Why are complementary goods defined as when a good's demand is inversely correlated with the price of another?
Quasiconvexity of the indirect utility function
Slutsky and Hicks approach in calculating SE, IE. Differences and interpretation
Finding distributions of wealth from utility functions
Will price increase as demand increase?
A guide to hyphenation in economics?
Log-Linearizing a Dixit-Stiglitz function
Find utility function given indifference curve?
Interpretation of the growth rate of consumption in a simple one-good model
How monetary policy affects bank reserves
What's the significance of the triangular region for calculating the deadweight loss?
Whether the demand in the panels satisfies the weak axiom
In the event of a company's bankruptcy, how does a SPV continue operations if it can no longer collect payments on collateral
How to compute standard errors for Blanchard-Quah-restricted SVAR?
Can the central bank interest rate policy still control inflation?
Cournot Model Monopoly example
Labor theory of value examples and exercises
Why does an increase in money in circulation increases price levels?
What does it mean to say that deficits are financed by debt issue?
Why can't goverments print money to fund their economies?
Model the demand
question about derivatives and net exposure
Prove if $\succsim$ is rational then: if $x \succ y \succsim z$, then $x \succ z$
Examples of a good student's project with minimal economical knowlege
Cannot reproduce paper result on Boston Housing
Understanding Price Elasticity of Supply
Is this answer correct for opportunity cost?
Calculating the impact of a per-unit Subsidy given to Consumers?
"For a market to exist there must be scarcity" (T/F)
What goods are included in the ICP classification?
REER ULC vs. REER PPP
Would you consider airport parking to be a monopoly or a monopolistic market?
Heckscher-Ohlin trade model with non-homothetic preferences
IV：Quasi-random variance V.S. 'Placebo' check
How to compute the Marshallian demand for this specific utility function
Solving Stochastic Dynamic Optimization Problems: A difficulty with Lagrange Multipliers
Why don't shipping businesses own their own shipping containers?
theoretical macroeconomic topic for bachelor project?
More direct way to derive indirect utility function from expenditure function
Is the government a producer, a consumer, or both?
Is finance complex?
KLEMS data variants
What conditions must we demand for the economy to be always on the saddle path?
Why are there fewer high schools than elementary schools?
Are BLS labor productivity measures in current dollars or constant dollars?
What separates "rich" developing nations from "poor" developed nations?
Is maximal utility conditional on information linear in convex combinations of priors?
What Taylor approximation is used in this equation?
Why, in supply and demand curves, does price go on the y-axis?
Converse in supermodularity and single-crossing
Is there collaboration between cyber criminals and banks?
Verifying the constant elasticity of the demand model Q= aP^b
Could indexation of wages help Argentina?
Estimating the rental rate of capital from data
What is the meaning of the weights in a CES-production function?
Price Floors and Subsidies
What guarantees that for every credit there is a debit in an electronic fund transfer?
Optimal consumtion bundle of lemons and sugar
No Ponzi game condition and transversality condition are the same?
Formal terminology for positive and negative correlation between ability of workers for different jobs?
How to theoretically explain an exponential income distribution?
Block pricing for different products
Is there another name for marginal luxury?
Factoring Technology into Economics models
Is opportunity cost market prices of input goods or income from alternative investments?
How is inheritance classified in Adam Smiths profit/wage/rent classification?
What is the name for this turn-based property trading game?
Regional disaggregation of a national input-output table
Log linearization of the technology dynamic
About Lindahl equilibrium and Pareto Optimality
Comparative Statics on Balanced Growth Path
Consumer demand: a function of present endowment?
Reference Request: applied pricing techniques
Are some laws "Progressive" for businesses?
how can I find the original work on the bases of which 2016 nobel in economics was given?
How can median wages be significantly different in two neighboring countries with open borders?
Even if immigrants take USA jobs, don't they consume proportionally to maintain supply-demand equilibrium?
Who loses/wins in exchange rate fluctuations?
Recommended ratio of sells of software of basic and advance edition
Question about Changes in Surplus
What factors affect the temporal discount rate individuals apply in decision making?
Income Inequality as an indicator of wealth
Which institution (government or private) provides the complete data on HS (Harmonized System Code), tariff schedules for India, China and US?
Determining whether preferences are rational given a utility function
Scholarly papers on Cryptocurrencies/Electronic Money
CV, EV for additive utility; confirm or deny
Do across-the-board tax breaks increase wealth if wealth is relative?
When to use the market and when to use central planning?
Game theory vs Experimental economics
Indirect changes in Marshallian Demand
Is there a specific definition of short run and long run?
Could Depreciation of Capital $=\delta(K(t))^{\theta}$ with $\theta<1$ Be a Realistic Assumption?
Calculating growth rate of capital when not in steady state
Utility function used to indicate bliss point
How do I quantitatively visualize this situation?
Indifference curve - Does $dU = 0$ hold in higher dimensions? / Problem of integrability
maximize untility AND minimize disutility
Incentive compatibility
What are the most used approximations in economics?
Utility maximization problem : free product vs priced product?
How to dynamically update/calculate the price if we have the following values?
Two-way clustering in Stata
Extraction and royalty time path for a non-renewable resource under a monopolist assumption
Online stock portfolio selection algorithms applicable to forex markets?
Can the Goodwin Model of cyclical labor growth be applied in a micro context to specific industries?
Economic Effects of BIM
What are some sectors in which nations benefit from collaborating with other nations?
While calcluating GNP, the overall income of a citizen working abroad is considered or only his/her remittances?
Averaging data over 5 years with Stata or Excel
Is a country in economic downturn if its growth rate is negative, but improving?
Does constant market cap imply reversion to the mean
second order stochastic dominance without the same mean
Is there a way to identify two goods as complement or substitute simple by calculating their MRS?
What is the value of something?
What factors allow manufacturing to succeed in a developed country?
How would the risk premium and a simplified taylor rule change the MP curve?
How does the taylor rule make the MP curve upward sloping?
Sample weights in Stata: fweight vs. pweight
A theoretical/mathematical approach to cost-benefit analysis and cost-utility analysis in health economics
What will happen if the government not print money?
Uncovered Interest Parity question
If banks create money by lending it out, how are they taking any risk?
Explaining the net capital outflow - trade balance identity
equilibrium, optimum, and decentralizing the optimum
How does the central bank changing interest rates change interest rates in the commerical banking sector?
What are the causes of increase in productivity of labour?
Suppose I have a preference satisfy all basic assumptions, how to show consumer problem solution is unique
In the discussion about why and how countries develop or industrialize, is there a debate about “related” or “linked” industries?
So what exactly happens to the real interest rate in the long run?
Marginal rate of technical substitution
When gradient of utility function is a zero vector
History of Macroeconomic Measurements before GDP
Is Russia in a deep economic crisis?
How is short-term borrowing by banks in the US performed?
GDP per industry and per region in Europe
Nash Equilibrium in a bargaining game
Why are elasticities defined as logarithmic derivatives?
The factor elasticities from a Cobb-Douglas function in Romer's macroeconomy book
What is a homothetic function?
How to solve model with a final good (in a perfect competition), and intermediate goods (monopolistic competition)?
In which cases prior to the Greek crisis did the IMF admit mistakes in it's economic policies?
External economies of scale: who will produce when going from autarky to free trade?
Two-good economy, can we tell if the demand of good 1 rises or falls when the price of good 2 rises (price of 1 is constant)?
Microeconomics and management science of professional open source companies?
Proving existence of utility function
What is the difference between two stage least squares and instrumental variable regression?
Why we use revealed preferred condition in GARP instead of directly revealed preferred?
Why is the Marginal Cost (MC) of a monopoly horizontal
Is there a difference between deadweight loss and welfare loss?
Is a shrinking money supply environment painful for an economy?
Perfect complement outputs with each output being composed of substitutable inputs
Gold coins as currency?
Mathematical analysis of an economic model - stuck in calculations
Does economic growth always implies investments in infrastructure?
Supply/Demand Curve for Excise tax that's being passed 100% on to consumers
Long Run Equilibrium of Oligopolies
Why is three weeks of increasing jobless claims significant?
What exactly is the difference between the PPP ("purchasing power parity") and LOOP ("law of one price")?
Bootstrapping from CPS with weights
How do Trade Costs work in International Trade?
Why do externalities lead to a Pareto-inefficient outcome?
Why two goods are of different types of Cross Elasticity if we swap them in formula?
Pricing Education
How to explain these two discrepancies between BLS OES wage data and salaries of pro athletes?
Is population growth irrelevant with respect to per capita GDP growth
What's the difference between public debt, government debt and national debt?
Thin indifference curves
study question: change of Expenditure in terms of price and quantity
Showing that production technology exhibits decreasing returns to Scale
How to find a firm's cost function based on its production function
How can I calculate with the average of the consumption in an RBC framework?
Using the Slutsky equation
Economics in nature?
If an item is rarer than others, is it that much more valuable?
References for estimating lifetime earnings lost due to caregiving (health economics)
integrating CDF functions by parts
EU and North America with CETA
Who exploits comparative advantage in international trade?
Is the shareholder-creditor conflict the same as debt-equity conflict?
Why is EV<CV if the good is inferior?
What does this condition for a profit of a firm exist mean?
Why are vacancy rate and unemployment rate negatively correlated?
"Wealth tax" on illiquid assets, how would people pay
convexity of the profit function for profit maximization
Finding the Pareto optimal set with preferences for 3 individuals
In fisher equation, Should I use "expected inflation" not "actual inflation"?
Why does BC Hydro want us to use less power?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the IS LM model?
Are these preferences convex?
Regarding a consumption aggregator: How do I differentiate under the integral sign?
Backward Bending Supply
Would a Job Guarantee impact Cost of Living?
How does one derive the elasticity of substitution with implicit functions?
A general formulation to capture price stickiness
Quasi-linear utility functions
EU-Canada Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement?
Does only enough money exist to pay the principal on all debts, and none for the interest or for anything else?
How does Egypt prevent people from arbitraging their currency?
How much is someone willing to pay to own a monopoly?
How to find the mean of a two-part Poisson-based hurdle model
Monetary expansion leads to decrease in inflation?
Understanding at a quote about externalities in law and economics
How can a citizen contribute to get his country out of the poverty trap?
Why is matching function increasing in arguments?
Possible regression models for a dependent variable that is a proportion
Is investment a type of saving or expenditure
Why must the wage barganing be derived at steady-state?
Effect on GINI of eliminating poverty in China
Which model of trade is this?
Whatever happened to Henry George's ideas?
What is a bilateral currency swap line?
Income effect for complements
How can a one currency gain against the other if it is pegged aginst it?
Why switch from Gold to Fiat
Can not achieving complete factor price equalisation be good for world trade?
CES utility in dynamic setting
Does easy credit in a region cause property to be more expensive?
Do all mixed strategy Nash Equilibria satisfy Trembling Hand perfection?
The United States' position on the Laffer Curve
Economics of grid extension versus off-grid electrification in developing countries
How can interest rates be so low?
How will the value of the pound affect the British economy?
Returns to scale - Constant Function
If I want to create my own currency model what would be the best basic options / things / ideas I need to look into?
Unable to resolve this linearized equation from a macro growth theory paper
Short-run price competition with capacity contraints
Investment and probability
Why is elasticity not defined simply as the slope of the graph?
Nash Equilibrium of modified Keynes' beauty contest
When a tax is imposed on the sellers, the price of the good rises. So, why doesn't the demand curve shift?
Growth and Development
Symmetric mixed-strategy equilibrium: Entering markets [Solved]
Did the dollar depreciate when Trump won the election?
Restrictions on goods and capital, but freedom of labour movement
Identify whether a good is giffen good or not and under what condition
Why is it possible to calibrate your subjective probabilities?
Interest Rate Differential and Fisher's Interest Rate Parity
How to specify a Diff-In-Diff Regression with multiple time periods?
Reference for truthful Nash on cartesian domain implies strategy-proofness
What is a supply side shock in macroeconomics?
Economic Confirmation Biases
Implicit Differentiation & Profit Function
Adjusting a ratio variable to constant 2000 dollars using a deflator index
Why do cities with rich areas still contain poor areas?
How to deal with Prescott's formulation of time to build in his original RBC model?
Marginal tax rate question
Does the utility function U(X, Y) = 12x^0.2 y^0.8 represent homothetic preferences?
How is the banknote denomination designed?
Constant Returns in a Production Function $\frac{Y}{L}=\left(\frac{K}{L}\right)^{\alpha}\left(\frac{R}{L}\right)^{\beta}$ ($R$ = Resource)
Why does Iceland have 5% interest but Sweden 0% interest with the same GDP growth?
Put option valuation
Relationship between changes in Currency against basket of currencies and inflation
Proofs in the Appendix A of Sannikov (2007)
Rationale behind teaching History in University
"The econony needs x workers of profession y". What does it mean and how is it derived?
Can CPI and real GDP have high correlation?
What effect would destroying large amounts of physical currency have on government finances
Difference between a Data Scientist and an Econometrician?
Solving a Cournot oligopoly game with N firms
Dynamic optimisation
Is there a comprehensive list of all market failures ever discovered?
Good economic indicators for presidential performance
Free source of large amounts of financial data
Who was the first economist to write about central banking?
Why would a central bank buy government bonds?
Differentiating a conditional expectation: RBC models with uncertainty
How to choose instruments for GMM estimation?
How do currency traders resolve imbalances in the demand for different currencies?
Nash Equilibrium and Dominant Strategy
Application of Intermediate Value Theorem for General Equilibrium
Given fractional banking and the multiplier effect, for every dollar in circulation, how many dollars in spendable money exist?
Why can't we forgive USA's debt?
Can a MS-VAR(1) be discretized to a Markov-chain the same way a VAR(1) has a discrete approximation?
In what way is the labor participation rate useful for tracking unemployment?
How wealthy are modern day humans compared to preindustrial times?
What determines the rate of interest on national debt for a country?
How does foreign exchange settlement work?
Why Nobel prize winners studied economics?
Can one Calculate Fixed and Variable Cost From TC and Quantity Alone?
Saudi Arabia motivations for OPEC production cut
What is the difference between a transitory and a permanent shock?
Conditional variance vs. unconditional variance in ARCH model
General Equilibrium - Mas Colell Problem 17.D.2
How could Pablo Escobar earn so much money?
Absolute Value of Total Factor Productivity in an Aggregate Cobb-Douglas Production Function
How to derive an aggregate demand function (and optimal uniform price) from two demand functions?
What are the mathematical constants used in economy formulas?
Wouldn't an unconditional basic income lead to an inflation that negates its effect?
Is it possible for an equilibrium to be Trembling Hand Perfect for one player but not another in an asymmetric game?
Homothetic preferences and weak separability
Why must the rate of GDP growth be positive?
What are the arguments against a zero corporate tax?
Extensive Form Games
Derivation of Equilibrium Strategy in 1st-price Auction?
Literature on Private Countries
Uses of loans during recession
How can a positive relationship between capital per effective worker and technological change be explained?
What are the prerequisites to study Mathematical Economics?
What are examples of inversely (negatively) correlated stock prices in economics?
Research around the free-rider problem when the resource is taken away?
Is there fundamental economical reasoning for patriotism?
What are the specific assumptions of MRS?
How do I calculate the impact of an independent variable on a dependent var. when the independent var. changes from 0 to some positive value?
Externalities - First order conditions
help understanding the "financing" of the current account
Quality Provision Game
Completeness of Preferences
Finding the money supply graph for the UK
Could a hike in interest rates cause a country to be unable to pay back it's debt burden?
Consumer preferences
Conversion of GDP PPP International \$ 2005 into GDP PPP International \$ 2011
Public Goods - Voluntary provision
What consumer preferences exhaust the budget?
Showing the Utility Possibilities Frontier is downward sloping
What does this formula stand for?
Where one can see the world economy sectors comparison by value?
How does borrowed money affect GDP?
Is Ireland setting itself up for a debt crisis?
Low interest rates - who benefits, rich or poor?
Why is the purchase of assets not entirely tax-exempt in the year of purchase?
What's effect of introducing infinitely high denomination bank notes during hyperinflation?
Using the Dividend Discount Model when no current dividend exists?
One trivia on Miller Modigliani Theorem regarding the No arbitrage Argument
Financing U.S. government budget deficits, and their impact on interest rates
The equation for the firm's demand for labour
Multiproduct firms and horizontal product differentiation
Impulse Response Functions for non-linear models?
If my IV (denoted Z) equals 1, my endogenous var D always equals 1; is this a problem?
own and cross elasticity for many products
Do the stock performances of various companies have a measurable correlation with exchange rate?
Nash Equilibrium and Pareto efficiency
How does Brouwer's fixed point theorem relate to Walrasian equilibrium?
How do we estimate production functions?
interpretation: linear regressions with both unit dummies and time dummies
Profit for business owners vs. incomes of the self employed
Has the assumption that individuals' tastes do not change over time been rigorously challenged?
Negative expenditures in public budgets
Free Data Source for Credit Spreads?
Show that the elasticity of substitution is σ
if you have convex set how can i prove that the function is concave
An $n$-player prisoner's dilemma where a coalition of 2 players is better off defecting
Does the VCG algorithm work for any bundle valuation function?
why subsidy is given why not govt direct discount the prices?
Will inflation rate be the same if we use different base year?
What's an RBC BGP's feasibility?
In a trading economy with many agents, can two agents with the same income envy eachother?
Why did the hybrid Phillips Curve become flatter (as empirical data shows) after the crisis?
Does China subsidize its exports?
On Net interest
conditional factor demand functions for capital and labor
What are the most used functional forms for utility in RBC literature, and why?
Understanding Inflation in a video game
How do central banks regulate the money supply to avoid inflation?
Are real wages a good measure of economic progress?
Question about simple SRAS and AD curve
Does the inflation rate reflect only the change in quantity of money?
What's the difference between gross fixed capital formation and gross private domestic investment?
Effect in the Ramsey model of a decrease in population growth
Money supply M0 and M1 data for students
Are businesses included in economic institutions?
Value of ruble in year 1825
Technological shocks and Labour supply in RBC and NK models
Determining optimal consumption bundle
General question about IV
Inelastic offer, tax paid by seller, who supports the charges
Inferior goods, monotonic utility and strict concavity
Micro/Macro estimates on Price rigidity(calvo parameter)
Papers explaining Roberts's law
What is the difference between utility function and characteristic function
Literature on potential games
Very elastic supply + very inelastic demand
How does the U.S agriculture subsidy not constitute export subsidies under the WTO?
Crude oil benchmarks and production places
How can governments seemingly run permanent budget deficits?
Does a good depend on it's equilibrium price to be considered elastic/inelastic?
Impact of hedge funds on economy
Explain inflation to an economic novice
Testing Roberts's Law: data request on CEO pay and company characteristics
Worth of collectables - predatory pricing
General equilibrium allocation with "altriustic" utilities
What's the difference between Quantitative Easing and regular central bank operations?
Why does the Federal Reserve seem to hold so much weight on the unemployment rate, relative to labor participation?
Swanson and Williams (2014): restricting based period response to one
"Social Credit" and "Positive Money" schemes: what are the economic critiques?
Calculating monetary base from given data
Sub-game perfect nash equilibrium: why is the first choice not included?
Why are firms taken to be profit-maximizing? Shouldn't that make them risk-neutral?
Tools for Forcasting Unemployment Rate
Taylor rule and optimal monetary policy
What's a "belief" in Bayesian games?
Pareto optimality with Lagrange
Endogenous Gentrification and Rates of Return to Education
Why the name for isoelastic utility?
Why does the US have such low price flexibility?
McCall Search Model: Present value of lifetime income
Understanding the complex relationship between macro and micro economic factor: Job shift
Burden of debt; Internal or external financing?
Why the GDP does not decrease even when we are saving from our income?
Is manufacturing automation really a bad thing for the economy?
What is the difference between risk, uncertainty and ambiguity
Federal Reserve Interest
Budget constraint with leisure and consumption
Intuition for the CES consumption index in New-Keynesian DSGE models
Has there been anyone since the philosopher Thales that has held an extremely detached view of money, and also found innovative ways to profit?
Is cash(currency) a security and a debt instrument?
Phillips curve and flexible prices
Why Need a Numeraire Good in Dynamic Analysis
Regarding the word "annuity"
Which measure to check in analysis (p-values or $R^2$)?
Is corporate tax an argument in equal income tax (from labour and capital) debate and does the return on capital depend on rate of the corporate tax?
Does the FDIC's insurance of your money in your bank account cause inflation of the bank were to go under?
Is it possible to derive the marginal product of an input using a transformation function?
Printing money to put into a Superannuation or UBI fund
Sending your paper around in Economics
Do stock markets price in existential risk (i.e. global nuclear war)?
Does a strong dollar achieve the same tightening effect on the economy as rising interest rates?
What caused the stagflation in the early 1970s USA?
Why doesn't anyone talk about GNW (Gross National Wealth)?
Extensive form of multiplayer games
On the uniqueness of utility functions for both risk and time
Is there a reliable estimate of what proportion of adults in a country are in debt at a given time?
Some doubts about netput vectors
Natural real interest rate and output gap
How much does one percent of unemployment 'cost'? (Unemployment elasticity)
Is the CPI accurate?
In a bank-based economy, how do banks determine how to split the economic pie with the businesses?
What's the equation of currency fluctuation?
Why is United States Gross Capital Formation per capita so far ahead of the big 3 European economies?
Risk and Information
Are there countries with free banking?
Saddle path equilibrium on financial market with rational expectations
Difference between double auction and continuous double auction?
A trillion dollar invention
Pareto optimality with externalities
"Elasticity of marginal utility of consumption ( μ ) with respect to utility." (Green Book quote)?
Research on the existence of utility functions?
Did a similar property boom take place in another country or throughout history like we have seen in London? If so how did it effect the economy?
Directed search with privately informed buyers and capacities
Can an economy grow without its population growing?
Research Design: Indifference curves and budget lines
What happens if money supply grows more slowly than inflation?
Currency Denominations Affecting Prices
Why is the short run average cost curve not a tangent to the long run average cost curve at the lowest point on the short run average cost curve?
Depreciation vs. obsolescence in RBC and New Keynesian DSGE models
Whom would you consider to be the father of rational choice theory?
How do you find out how much money is in circulation?
Does the marginal product need to be diminishing to have a diminishing average product?
How does the Federal Reserve remove money from circulation?
the difference between cobb-Douglass and leontief production technology
How to test if variables are jointly determined?
Deficit: can be seen as a return?
Minimum Wage effects on Adjacent Cities
References on mathematically rigorous general equilibrium theories
Difference between NPV and PDV
How does inflation affect the value of savings?
Is there a difference between buying a currency and selling the currency to be converted to?
Are stock trade commissions evidence of anti-competitive practice?
Does an increase in the money supply increase or decrease interest rates?
Determining the Gini Coefficient in a 2 person economy
Confusion about Balance sheet equation and sum of the cashflows
Why is the consumption line and 45degree line's intersection not the equilibrium income level?
Equilibria in Signaling and Screening
Why doesn't Barnes and Noble just lower its prices?
Is poverty rightly measured internationally?
What is the maximal theoretically possible wage increase here and now (ceteris paribus)?
Reasons and mechanisms of Deutsch Mark revaluation in 1968
Hayek influenced by?
Log linearization and Conditional Expectation
Ricardian Model: Trade pattern rules (ch. 3 Krugman's book)
An agent's expected utility depends only on mean and variance
Revenue maximization same as increase contribution margins?
Certainty equivalent and risk aversion parameter given utility function
Interest rates, inflation and liquidity effect
Finding the minimum and maxium price given utility index
How do you determine if the production function has decreasing returns to scale?
Statistics: Understanding confidence interval
How does tariff increase inflation?
Term for rapid economic growth when starting over or in a new place
How to formulate that a factor may influence a variable or the changes in that variable?
When was the supply and demand model first used?
Are unemployment benefits considered to be an investment that may lead to a multiplier effect?
Using a Logit model to predict unknown outcome
How many rare Euro coins are there?
Why does the European Union give subsidies to farmers?
What is the proof for why border adjustments are exactly offset in theory by currency appreciation?
What are some good books, explaining why the society and economy developed like it is through the history?
Recursive assumption - Identifying exogenous monetary policy shocks
Why has Apple increased app store prices in the UK?
Could 15 dollars per hour minimum wage hurt the economy?
Utility Maximization
How should I adjust data for both inflation and foreign exchange rate?
What's the best reference for rigorous study of mixed-strategy nash equilibrium?
Where can I find real-time indicators of economic activity?
How can trailing and forward P/E ratio of main stock markets show such huge difference
Consumer's maximization problem
Maximum level of profit attainable when discount factor is too low
MSNE and the probability of encountering each payoff
Do import tariffs tend to increase a country's exchange rate (if so, why)?
Jordi Gali optimal price setting
CDO & CDS on medical patients
Why are there infinitely many indifference curves?
Log-linearisation Euler Consumption Equation
How much would the EU budget reduce by after Brexit?
Jordi Gali Euler Equation Beta
Limit of this sequence // broadness of inputs
Supply/Demand of Smuggling
Diminishing returns and economies of scale
Recent estimates of CPI bias?
Vector Autoregression - Resource request
Is there a standard way of classifying industries into primary, secondary, and tertiary?
Terminal Condition for American Put Option
How are petro states able to maintain gasoline subsidies without black market export smuggling?
Help please, I cant work out this equation
Why does a decrease in interest rate reduces the velocity of money circulation?
What could cause the spike in the Venezuelan unofficial currency exchange?
Jordi Gali Markup Marginal Cost Relation
Why should marginal cost be equal to the price an item is sold at?
Evaluating the return of a trading strategy on forex markets
Implication of first-order stochastic dominance
New-Keynesian-Economics
WAPM and CRS across all production plans
Is it true that the eight richest men have more wealth than the bottom 50% of world population?
How can a free market be operated in a way that significant social and environmental costs are intrinsically covered?
Is the Trans Pacific Partnership good or bad for the U.S?
Finding a walrasian demand function
The difference between making money by profit and by earning it
What would happen if China called in its debt?
Do minimum wage laws bring more bad than good?
Do contemporary Marxist economists still deny the utility/value theory which underpins classical economics?
Difference between Unit and Share?
Must total world net exports be zero?
Solution to the Bellman equation is a fixed point
Preference ordering relation
Appropriate estimator for FDI "gravity" model
Explain Basic Supply Demand Graph
What happend to the dollar value in the time of the housing crisis
Competitive prices, tax and lump sum cash transfer in case of externalities
What is the name of the economics free trade "punnett square"
Simple Keynesian model of income determination
Keynesian Ethics
Difference in Regression Discontinuity Estimates
Help in interpreting data - Deficit
Why are "transfer payments" not part of GDP?
How can we estimate the tax incidence from a 20% tariff on Mexican goods?
Cobb-Douglas production function with continuum of goods
Why don't prices of USA labor and Mexican labor equalise?
How are assets distributed by types of organisations?
Difference between LMSR and Liquidity-Sensitive LMSR
Difference between "Debt Held by the Public" and "Total Public Debt Outstanding"?
What physically happens when foreign currency reserves change?
I do not quite get a phrase that I read in the Financial Times today.
Does lowering corporate tax rates increase investment or provide some other benefit to a nation?
Is lowered probability of spending equals savings?
Elucidation needed on textbook's description of the effect of increased Interest rates on the money supply curve?
Buying/selling bonds more than once
Are Terms of Trade reciprocal?
Capital Asset Pricing Model Variation
Corporate use of offshore cash
VaR and rating for commercial banks
The underlying force for creating specialized areas in the cities of developing economies
How to tax the robots?
Regarding the units of the shift produced by subsidies on supply curve
Transversality Condition in neoclassical growth model
Find high resolution market data for a single ticker?
Solow model, time and steady state
Price setting firms with cost reduction technology
Computing optimum efforts
Adding a non-binding constraint to the objective function
Is Canada a country of high taxation in international comparison?
Can lying be disincentivized without serious curtailments of free speech?
How to make sense of so many conflicting theories and ideas in the field with an open mind? Is every school of economic thought as valid as the rest?
Question regarding demand schedule and equilibrium consumption
How do central banks create money to pay interest on reserves
Fixed vs Random effects in panel data
Should the government regulate the price of bananas?
Why was there a sudden rise in trade-weighted US dollar value in 2014-2015?
Intertemporal Utility Maximization
Is it possible to proxy producers' capital with corporate bond in a macro model?
Steady state Solow model with exogenous technological change
Inflation vs Deflation
What does the area defined by two different values for quantity under a supply curve represent?
Visualization tools for game theory: Game trees
Fisher Separation with negative interest rate
Mixed strategies: Nash equilibrium
Alpha interpretation in Solow growth model
What would a negative externality diagram look like if the initial price is equal to 0 and then increased with tax?
Marginal Profit Derivation
Economists studying the eldery and intergenerational transfers
Let the utility function $U = a + b \min\{x,y\}$. Are $x$ and $y$ perfect complements?
Does this table show constant returns to scale?
Why did the stock of consumer loans held by commercial banks jump in March 2010?
Loss leader item definition
Setup and solve utility maximization
Simple Keynesian model
Formal definition of perfect information
Where does capital come from?
Local and Central Wage Bargaining: What Is the Difference?
The second welfare theorem without monotonicity
Difference between representation of LM function in different textbooks
Regression on a constant
Is there proof that today more than 50% of the lowest income society lives worse than 50 years ago
Roy's identities for Stone-Geary utility functions
Do unsold goods still make it into the GDP?
Is there a systematic approach to find equilibria in sequential games?
If the price of a good rises, will the demand always fall?
Growth regressions over 3-year periods; regressors in average or year values?
Government debt and Fiscal Theory of Price Level
Addressing endogenity in price elasticity and the Promotion Optimization Problem
Is Artificial Intelligence a completely new (and underestimated) production factor?
Zero sum game, constant sum game
What are the known refutations of Mises' Axiom of Human Action?
In GDP growth studies, are factors of production measured as stock or flows?
In what way specifically are US CEO's able to engage in rent-seeking and exploit corporate governance to increase compensation?
Certainty Equivalents and Risk Premiums in Expected Utility Theory for Asymmetric Distributions
Deflation and positive real interest rate
Do changes in the interest rates affect the supply of currency?
Behavioral economics and utility function
Alternating offer bargaining game
Scarcity in Relation to Free Goods
Are academics and policy makers confident that the benefits of free trade outweigh the downsides?
Uniform bounds on rate of merging for Bayesian learners
Taking the derivative of capital per effective unit of labor in the Solow model
GMM - when a model is identified
Why are German bonds used as the reference for the calculation of Eurozone bond spreads?
Maximize utility given an arbitrary number of goods and the condition that exactly X number of items must be bought
Do free-trade economies typically offer any protection for domestic markets?
what mathematical function we can use to show house price changes in time?
What made The Wörgl Experiment successful?
Profit maximisation and cost minimization
Euler's Homogenous Function Theorem with elasticity
Are strict dominance solvable games weakly dominance solvable?
How do I represent this indifference curve graphically?
Verification of understanding of the substitution and income effect of normal, inferior and Giffen goods?
Problem of generated regressors
Are there any drawbacks to a hypothetical climate policy?- Carbon tax for reducing Income tax
How do We Determine the Start or End of Investment Phase for the Oil Industry
Principal's beliefs in a repeated moral hazard problem
Effects of shocking budget or indifference curves on optimum point?
Decreasing labor force and GDP
Positive interaction term with one negative component?
Productivity vs real earnings in the US -- what happened ca 1974?
Dynamic Optimization : Resource Stock as a Sink
When and why women left the labour market?
Can Linear Supply-Demand Equilibria Be Understood as a Feedback-Control Process?
Taylor Series Approximation around steady state in Solow
Can a firm have a negative turnover during a period of time?
Relationship Input Distance Function and Output Distance Function
Does a social welfare gain cause economic growth?
Why would increased inflation increase the value of the dollar and bond yields?
Forecasting future currency exposures
Confusion regarding debt to GDP ratio
Additive multiattribute nonlinear utility functions
During deflation, is there any risk on 'printing' money?
Amazon vs Netflix, closely resembles which type of competition?
Best micro/macroeconomics books
Economic effects of a Commons Capital Depository
What model did the MONIAC use?
Economic concept where turning something down heightens emotional attachment
Can everyone in an economy profit?
Meaning of innovation in the wealth creation process
Pigouvian subsidies for non-linear marginal external benefits
Arrow-Debreu Pricing, Planner's Problem
Effect of changing Non Labor Income on Consumption-Leisure problem
UK GDP accounts for profits on sale of home
Why recent crises all started with a housing bubble?
Books on Technological Progress and Growth
General equilibrium regarding on U= max(ax,ay) + min(x,y)
The Federal Reserve is only issuing cash money?
How can the VNM completeness axiom be derived from the transitivity and continuity axioms?
Which area of Economics involves heavy mathematics and also appears to be directly helping the people?
Is car accident/theft a fair bet?
How to derive the demand function of $U(x_1,x_2)=x_1-x_2$
How should I interpret (BTC/CNY) / (BTC/USD)?
What prerequisite courses do I need in order to specialize in Mechanism/Market design theory?
How many major economic systems are there?
The effect of structural unemployment on revenue from value added tax
When to prefer maximisation of surplus and when instead to prefer minimising differences in price and q to find market equilibrium?
Interest rate rule in monetary DSGE model
How does migration facilitate specialisation?
Stock-Flow Consistent models
Negative Marginal Returns
Homogeneity of degree zero and normalization
Metric for evaluating sales with dynamic pricing
What is the actual amount of money lost to corporate tax evasion and avoidance in the UK?
Which are the different Schools of Economic Thought?
Quick Question on Production Possibilities Frontier Curve
Optimal decision for perfect substitutes utility function ?
Does a stock market crash "undo” the multiplier effect's money creation?
Are government income and government employee wages counted in GDP? (income approach)
Number of observations in different panel data regressions
Precautionary Savings Two-Period model with a second period quadratic utility function
When in the history the governments issued non-cash money first?
Complete markets: security market equlibrium same as contingent commodity equilibrium?
How to prove that GDP grows at the same rate as consumption on Lab Equipment Model?
What does 'one dollar, one vote' mean?
Monopoly and Taxes (Nicholson Exercise)
Are market structures on a spectrum?
How to analyze small human activities from the economical standpoint?
How is it possible that shipping of eBay items from China to US is 'free'?
How can two countries of roughly the same size, population and GDP have such big differences in minimum wage?
When action and strategy differ in game theory
What do the numbers in the ISO 4217 currency codes mean?
Democratic elections of board members by employees?
Misleading vertical axis in foreign exchange graphs analyses?
How do we estimate utility functions?
Bellman equation for this dynamic programming problem
Leontief function marginal product of labor/capital
Relation between linear utility function and U=max{x,y}
Effects of ACA individual mandate vs AHCA surcharge
Proxy for debt service?
Government Ownership vs Private Ownership
Economies of scale v.s. technological change
Understanding Pareto Optimal
Why is wage-induced inflation a bad thing?
Lancaster's Characteristics Theory
Fraction of labour force providing income redistribution services
Minimalist example of voter profiles yielding different outcomes
Why should UIP hold?
Decomposing Changes in ROA into Changes in Operating Margin and Asset Turnover via Total Factor Productivity (TFP)
VAR/VECM Fitted/Predicted values (BEER model)
What are the relationships between price stability and long term economic growth?
What is the Credit-to-GDP gap exactly?
Total Differential of a Utility Function Subject to a Budget Constraint
An example of endowment effect
Derivation long run cost function of three inputs with Leontief-like characteristics
Are lexicographic preferences strictly monotonic?
Pareto optimal and Walrasian equilibrium
If Germany is the largest exporter, why do Chinese products pervade the the US market?
How is money created?
Increased inflation rate on borrowers and lenders
Can the major indice of an exporting nation decrease at the same time the currency devalues?
Effects of price transparency
Welfare analysis for a military draft
A law against selling any house cheaper than it was bought for, what consequences would that have?
How game theoretic models and analysis is different from ABM?
Christiano Fitzgerald filtering process
Specifying a Diff-In-Diff with multiple treated groups over multiple years
What are some good books and articles about the principal-agent problem?
Is the American economy on the same path when it had a massive crash in 2007? Is there another bubble coming
What affects the interest elasticity of investment?
Market order's variables
Can 10% of the population provide super-abundance for the entire world?
What is the difference between quoted price and theoretical value of a bond?
Cobb Douglas production function question
Why do we want MSB = MSC not MSB > MSC?
Have there been any attempts to turn free-trade agreements into Pareto improvements?
Labor market supply optimization
Unitary model with cobb-douglas function
What are the 'best' variables out there to forecast accurately GDP and inflation according to macro literature?
Economic effects of very large (>200%) household-debt-to-GDP-ratio in advanced economies
Limitation on what can be borrowed
A government running like a literal business
Is the labor force participation rate related more to labour supply or to labour demand? Or both?
Rent gradient in Alonso-Muth-Mills monocentric city with two transport technologies
Foreign investment with US equity; typical expected rate of return?
Economic schools of thought VS Econometrics
What would be the consequences of universal parity of buying power (wage value) and freedom to buy?
Do wages differ in two perfectly competitive labour markets?
Distribution of US after-tax money income by household size
price floor and price ceiling
Ranking products according to Price Elasticity Of Demand
Example in which revealed preference doesn't imply preference
What is a dollar, currently?
Why not just look at the money supply to calculate inflation?
Central Banks, Large Scale Asset Purchases and Inflation
Making mathematical sense of the expression for realized bond return
Testing if one regressor is a proxy for another
Detecting the presence of measurement error
Question about skill-biased technical change, Acemoglu
Impact on grant on firm survival
Difference between Value-Added TFP and Gross-Output TFP?
Oligopoly kinked demand graph doesn't make a sense to me
How to handle change in base year of index?
Preference relation value representation without uncertainity
What Happened in 2008?
Is price in this situation exogenous or endogenous?
Fisher Effect vs Quantity Theory of Money and how an increase in the money supply lowers interest rates?
what in real terms causes one nations currency to be more valuable than another?
How to extrapolate the data?
Interest Rate vs. Borrowing Rate - Difference
Can an overall improvement in technology make the owners of one factor worse off?
Certifications for economists
Are there plausible scenarios for the U.S. dollar to fall out of use as the world's reserve currency?
Should I deflate a nominal variable when forecasting it?
How to demonstrate that a game always have a subgame-perfect equilibrium in pure strategies?
Value representation theorem for countable set
Kahneman and Tversky Decision experiments contradict Neumann-Morgensterns utility theory
Number of firms in Long Run
Why labour, capital, and output levels cannot be pinned down in perfect competition?
Cournot model with piecewise inverse demand
Utility Function
Optimal production level for a typical firm in long-run
How does reducing government spending increase the money supply?
Meaning of Additively Separable, Linear in X
Confused about relation of inflation to a currency's depreciation?
How should one expand the information set in VAR models?
What is the A in the Accumulation and Amount functions for the value of investments?
Why are lower cost retailers going bankrupt but premium chains are not?
When there is a third degree price discrimination, why is the total MR curve kinked at the top?
Are American poverty rates increasing? What about global poverty rates
What are some helpful online tools (databases, etc..) for economic analysts?
Generalization of Tauchen 1986 approach to a case of time-varying volatility
Wooldridge's Microeconomics book vs Cameron and Trivedi's textbook
How accurate is duality?
Effects of Decentralized Currency
Endowment increases but utility reduces
Can one calculate how much increasing the US federal debt affects the "value" of the dollar?
Why in some models the Friedman rule is not optimal?
USA seigniorage revenue
Dataset - Fama French Replication
Could the upper quintile pay the annual federal personal income tax for all other quintiles from their annual income?
Positive Monotonic Transformations and Nested Functions
Would insurance plan be necessary if we had instant access to credit?
Sign of the endowment income effect
How can one compute the CPI All items index from the component indexes?
Can a weaker currency be used to offset lower productivity of labour in an economy?
Calculus and Indifference Curves in an Urban Economics Example
Problems with Representative Sampling
Troubleshooting Utility Maximization with the Lagrange Method
How can a country ensure its national currency is used by its citizens?
What is the equation $\mathbb{E}[mR]=1$?
Stability of steady-state equilibrium for overlapping generation model
Since it doesn't change the money supply, how can an "expansionary" fiscal policy alone spur economic growth?
Request of references regarding Friedman's Nobel Prize
Is there any work on equality in a market versus friction?
Revealed preferance: elementary question
Real Exchange Rates calculation
Are there enough jobs for everyone?
Price discrimination
How does reverse repo rate affect money supply?
How to tell the difference between consumer and capital goods
how to raise utility of an individual having min utility function
What are some applications of Akerlof's 'lemons' in goods and services markets?
Framing effects and the use of subjective wellbeing measures in behavioural
References on Economics of Vouchers
Why does optimal allocation call for unlimited distribution of information?
How does the government launch of Tomahawk missiles against Syria affect the economy and governmental budget?
RDD with multiple cutoffs
Cash Flow and present value Question
Time Value of Money Question
Why does not the Bank of England set the Libor?
Relationship between interest rate and rental price of capital
Preference for consumption smoothing and actual smoothing
Episodes of Housing Crashes and Never Recovering
Solving a maximization problem by substitution when the constraint is in implicit form
Why are inventions inevitably correlated with imperfect competition?
Black-Scholes Formula Satisfies Black-Scholes Equation
Applications to Green's Theorem in Economics?
Why is corporation tax regarded as a direct tax?
Is there an intuitive explanation for the tax incidence formula from elasticity?
Confusions about calculations in Utility Theory Paper
Is the capital-output ratio in developing countries low or high?
Homothetic function versus straight Engle curve
supply demand question beginner
Integer values in difference equations
How to prove convexity + quasilinear preferences imply concave utility?
Wouldn't reducing Fed Balance Sheet lead to Inverted Yield Curve?
What are the fundamental economic proofs
Is belief in future dividends the only long term value of stock?
How do we find pareto optimal points in a 2 goods simple exhange economy?
Fama Macbeth and double clustering presents inconsistent results
What is the effect on society of me choosing to make my own shoes, food, or clothing?
Purchase of the public debts by the ECB
How a utility function which is both DARA and CRRA can be explained?
Topkis' Theorem
PPP / currency evaluation
Welfare function in General Capital model (Search and Matching)?
How is the rest of the world making the US an interest free loan by holding US currency?
Balance of Trade - Currency devaluation in a price taker economy
How can I model immigration and xenophobia economically using these equations?
:History: Industry threatening to leave if social change takes effect
Deriving and using the pricing equation
How do we find a competitive equilibrium price when 2 firms operate with different marginal costs?
Does it affect locals negatively when a new company moves in?
Why can't direct taxes be passed on to the consumer?
If there was world war 3, which stocks should I short?
Pareto Optimality and Core
The Great Depression vs The 2008 Financial Crisis
Do privately owned banks ever indefinitely lend money to their owners?
Pros and Cons of Elasticity of Demand Represented as an Absolute Value
Serial correlation and clustered correlation in FE and FD estimators
Help with CES Utility Function exercise
The Econometrics of the Stone Geary Production function
Can someone explain to me why no new bill exist to regulate financial derivatives yet?
Disruptions in Server / Data Center Market
Converting current to constant USD values for trade data (UN Comtrade)
Does this price elasticity depend on p?
Is there a centralised subscription system for new and forthcoming economic books?
Is human psychology really reflected into inflation?
Is unemployment benefit part of national income measurement?
Budget constraint when one of the goods can be sold
Explanation of differential equation for Price Elasticity of Demand
China GDP Data - Base year
Employment coding in the SIPP
How do I verify Philips curve empirically for recent years?
Wealth effect from OMO
What is the interest rate that on the vertical axis of money markets?
Real GDP explanatory variable
Question regarding General Equilibrium under non-convexities
Consequentialist View of Risk
Phase Diagram - growth model
Inc Linear Transformation of Bernoulli Utility
Career change to economics from software engineering
Looking for discussion on equilibrium vs dynamic models in econometrics
Game Theory Question
Calculating Gini Coeffecient
In a context of globalisation and high wage inequality, why should governments help unskilled workers?
Can heterogeneous prices be consistent with competitive equilibrium?
How to interpret illigal foreign currency (cash) transfers in terms of Balance of payments
Existence of pure strategy Nash equilibrium
Why is Japanese Currency tied to gold?
How to visually present a simultaneous game with continuous strategies
Falling oil prices but no benefits passed on to the end user; government's strategy
$U=xy$ for all people in a small island, What are the pareto efficient allocations?
What's the effect of the used car market on car price?
When estimating VAR(1) by OLS, I get transpose of AR matrix. Why?
What does the value of bitcoins depend on?
Link between supply of domestic assets and monetary policy
Does non-binding price ceiling effect the market?
How to estimate a constant elasticity of substitution for a country in a solow model including human capital and scarce resources
Have UK exports (goods and services) to Ireland declined in value since 2011?
How to maximize revenue by changing price?
Why is a high government debt/GDP bad?
How does a liquidity guarantee for Asset-Backed Commercial Paper used to finance a Conduit work ?
How to create a Budget line in excel or R
von-Neumann-Morgenstern v. Bernoulli Utility Function
Collar strategy for options trading
How do find elasticity of substitution for this function
Calculate rental rate in this exercise
Adam Smith and wage gap?
Show result is the same with two utility functions
Nash Equilibrium and Dominant Pure Strategy when payoffs identical
Finding Marshallian demands for Leontief production function with different powers
Exchange rate and domestic money supply
What is it about certain business types that seem to restrict how much large they can grow?
exchange rate and domestic money supply part II
GDP in expenditure approach
What are the limitations that a country faces in increasing its Forex Reserve?
Game theory - Definition problem - Strategy vs Action
Breaking down components of GDP per capita
Federal Reserve Securities Coming Due
Does Keynesianism increase the incentive to invest?
Can the current account go into deficit with zero capital mobility?
Derive demand function from utility function with constant elasticity
Basic question on calculating unemployment rates
Is the dictator game studied by game theory or by decision theory?
Updating MRW (1992) with PWT 9.0
Predicting $y$ when response variable is $\ln(y)$
Understanding the effects of government deficit on international trade
increased demand but no increase in price?
What is the actual paradox in the Paradox of Thrift?
price elasticity: Linear regression low r square
expected payoff of an American put option
Independent identically distributed
intuition about option values
Free data on bankruptcies
Why can't we use $R^2$ for different dependent variables?
Expected Value of a Infinite Process
Causality: Money supply and prices
How exactly can blockchain technology be used to make a supply chain more efficient?
Understanding the elasticity of demand for a monopoly
Driving down the price of a good
Finding "own" price elasticity of demand
Help with this microeconomics exercise
One bidder in 2nd price auction
Literature request: Any articles on the signalling theory / game theory / asymmetric information of the firms' recruiting process?
An explanation of the formula for the present value of an annuity
Sequential Bargaining
Why are Massachusetts electricity costs so high?
Clarification about demand elasticity and monopoly
Exam question implies that a perfect labour market can have wage differentials?
What is meant by "Exchange rate expectations are static" (In the Mundell-Fleming model)
General equilibrium - exchange economy with time and perishable goods
Dynamic Market Equilibrium: motivation for differential equations
What are the defining features of Capitalism?
Relation between Nash equilibrium , subgame perfect equilibrium, backward induction, perfect Bayesian equilibrium
Optimal pricing for Crypto-Currency Exchanges
What does the value of an industry mean?
Calling 118 118 (UK) - A market failure?
The introduction of Single Transaction Tax would help to curb out Tax Evasion & Black Money?
Is there an accepted metric for "the value of the dollar"?
Why imports increase if higher relative inflation?
Link between elasticity and marginal utility
Multinomial logit with an rct
How can you know which is the "current dollar value" of a dollar value from another decade?
Is there any statistics available on forecasting failures?
Is money a conserved quantity?
How would unlimited free energy affect the global market?
Adam Smith and universal opulence
Is a self-sustaining "loop" of economy a thing?
How to derive utility function from indirect utility in this exercise
Help with a choice under uncertainty exercise
Do credit cards create more printed money
The Saturn pricing model, did it work?
Quantum Game Theory
Basic Solow Growth Model: Stability Proof
How to measure expected price growth rate for oil?
Log relative price index - calculation question
What does non degeneracy mean for a preference?
Are risk-costs a form of external costs?
What is the correct economic term for beneficial "transaction frequency"?
Microeconomic Q on Total Revenue for Producer after Excise Tax
Will SRAS curve definitely shift if LRAS curve shifts?
Is it proven that prestige gained from sports victories helps the country economically?
Trade pattern in Krugman 1991
How to estimate signifcance of price difference?
Are energy and capital complementary factors of production?
Econometric Filter Evaluation
Expectations in Gali's classical monetary model
What is the name given to an exporting-only economy?
Oil prices and data frequency
Why does marginal private cost increase with quantity?
UK: Is there a list published by the government for the amount of tax paid by companies?
Interest/Rental Rate is today's or tomorrow's MPK?
How to find the points on a budget line?
Net Positions vs Gross Positions as they Relate to the Current Account
Print money to buy and nationalise companies
Issues with an application of definite internal and marginal utilities
How and when did the public learn of monetary policy changes before FOMC announcements and press conferences?
Yellowstone National park is now charging higher entrance fees than before.This should result in:
Cost of production plant
What conditions characterise "cheap-talk" games
Universal Basic Income - Menial Tasks
What does DOD stand for in this indicator?
Effect of a subsidy on a monopoly
Looking for behavioral economics research about the redemption of gift cards
Effects of variables on the demand for money?
What is Tinbergen's "all other income when paid out" measuring?
The existence of free lunch
Definition: What Is The "Trend Growth Rate"?
How is population growth predicted?
How exactly does money supply causes inflation?
Prediction Interval for $E(y|X_0)$ when model is in $ln(y)$
Price optimization with demand forecast
Asymmetric Public Goods Game Reference request
Any Resources for Micro Comprehensive Exams?
Difference between Outflow of capital and Flight of capital
How are payoff values in game theories calculated / estimated?
OLS, Frisch-Waugh-Lovell Theorem and few observations
How does inflation work in real life?
What's the name for this type of non zero sum game?
Prove that variance of a portfolio cannot exceed variance of individual assets
Reference request about econometric analysis of Environmental Kuznets curve
Why would the economy return to equilibrium at full employment after a supply side shock?
How is workforce guaranteed in basic income system?
Why does a reduction in regional differences in unemployment shift the Phillips curve?
Are food stamps considered near cash?
Do banks really have people on the boards of corporations, and why?
Econometrics for currency valuation?
Utility of expected income or expected utility of income?
Dominated Strategy
Collusion, deviation from equilibrium
Why is the Market-Clearing Price also an Equilibrium Price?
Effects on transit system shutdown based on local workforce end-of-day times?
Why does the Fed not fiddle with the reserve ratio?
Is comparative advantage only beneficial with convex utility functions?
Real GDP Computation and Justification
Is optimal labour zero when (i) capital fixed and (ii) elasticity of substitution less than 1?
Locational Marginal Pricing when different prices and when the same?
Why are Canadian provinces' debt-to-GDP so much higher than the US?
Creating a currency
What gives value to precious, luxury things?
Change in optimal savings due to increased risk
Equilibrium Uniqueness in a General Equilibrium Framework
Why war can remit the economic crisis？
The perception of the effects of government spending within the political world
why has the GDP per capita of Ireland grown of almost 30% between 2014 and 2015?
if the richest 85 people give away all their money?
What is the difference between USD/EUR and EUR/USD when talking about Forex
Can Ramanujan Sum : 1+2+3+4+5+... = -1/12 be used to explain some results in macro-economics?
No competitive equilibrium for pooling contracts
How do economists model VNM-rationality violation?
Effects of finding infinite gold reserve
Elasticities and exponents
Production under uncertainty
LIBOR rates: Are these monthly or yearly interest rates?
Theoretical/Empirical Arguments for Migrant Workers in the US
Where is there more money: Bank Accounts or Brokerage Accounts?
General equilibrium papers on universal basic income
Chicago Fed National Activity Index: underlying data download
Swaps and systemic risk
Where can I find historical (very old) USD printing data?
People pathologically hoard so much cash that they impoverish the entire nation
Who originated the term "deadweight loss" and when?
expected pay off of an American option
When the base year changes, does it affect data at current prices as well?
Has an increase in housing supply in popular cities including Amsterdam led to an increase in house prices?
Increase in per capita GDP always means GDP is growing?
Gini index vs Herfindahl index: one increases while the other decreases
Why isn't the cost of shoes affected by their size?
Technology, Prices, and the Derived Demand for Energy
Firms Entry/Exit Due to Economic Profit in a Perfectly Competitive Market
Effects of Robotics on the overall marginal propensity to consume
What is the danger of (China's) investment-led growth as opposed to consumption-led growth?
Updated International patent protection index from Park (2008)
References on the sustainability of the public debt
Is the BEA double counting benefits in Personal Income?
Bayes Nash Equilibrium in a game with continuous actions
How can I show that the following function is homothetic?
Dynamic programming with housing consumption and labor
"Normal" vs "actual" variables in empirical work
Is there anything wrong with the idea that resource depletion causes recessions?
What is the logic behind this sentence in Keynes's General Theory?
Best strategy to incentivise third party investment
Useful software for notes and graphs in economics?
How does a Pareto efficient equilibrium scale for n individuals?
Why is ATC tangent to Demand in a Monopolistic or Mopolistically Competitive Firm Making Zero Profit?
CARA Coefficient Calculation
Model for the psychology of trading?
Why are prices considered the best information we could have?
Basic question on trade based on comparative advantage
Different terminology for discrete vs. continuous "marginal" concepts?
Finding a Research Project
How much does a person donate to charity unintentionally
What is the new price after an import quota?
Is there a term for economic policy design built from minimizing per-household adverse impact?
In this 3-way currency exchange, who loses, and by how much?
Why is there a structural deficit/surplus?
Quasi Fixed Input
Optimal taxing in case of negative externalities
What is the difference between a free market and a perfectly competitive market?
Non-constant returns to scale and competitive factor markets
How would one model wage suppression from non-poaching agreements?
Housing econometrics: interpretation of a quadratic variable
Examples of behavioural breakdowns in game theory?
What are the main long-standing Keynesian economic programmes in Western nations?
What's good about both exports and imports of a country rising at the same time?
Macroeconomic policies and trade balance
Exercise about social planner's optimal allocation of resources
College enrollment probability model
Slutsky Decomposition of Given Labor Supply Model
How long do stock markets usually take to process complex new public information?
How to self-study graduate level macroeconomics? Is there even a point?
Why do we model that higher government involvement increases output?
Solving for price incease
How do I best prevent cheating using a credible threat in a two-person, non-cooperative, positive sum game?
Analyses of the paradox of voting — given that close elections are usually disputed?
How to make a timeline in given problem?
Isn't the liquidity trap about real interest rates?
Data Set/Database listing NAICS codes for U.S. firms?
Why do co-ops dominate in certain markets rather than more-conventional enterprises?
Gresham's Law applied to wampum and gold/silver coins in the 1600s
Converting price for service in the foreign market to local price
Reductionism, value and market economics
Equivalence of definitions of continuity
Simulating the economy - is it an active field of research?
What are the differences on the impact of a universal basic income from a liberal and a keynesian point of view?
Inflation , Housing Prices, Is there some form of the CPI that can include Home Prices?
What would be the economic impact of disallowing the renting of housing?
Why the prices for very popular items do not increase?
Forward Guidance - What happens when the FED unloads its balance sheet
Which type of work is actually Software Development?
Inability of a long-term bond market intervention to contribute to achieving a peg
Finland's Universal Basic Income Test - how much in local terms?
What are the general charateristics of matching markets that make then different from regular markets?
Why there are no famous software/IT companies in Europe? (unlike USA)
S&P 500 total return excel sheet
Can the stock market show indefinite exponential growth?
Why would males' shorter pension's savings produce more, and not less, income?
Why does everything get more expensive as cities grow in density/size?
Where do the rich and poor live in a city? (Calculus)
How to estimate long term exchange rate?
Tax by inflation
Can one prove Pareto efficiency in an n-party system by showing all Pareto improvements between any two given parties are made?
Estimating national intangible wealth
Higher order beliefs and coherency in game theory
Does the concept of division of labor in matching markets work the same way as in regular markets?
References about leading, lagging, and coincident economic indicators
Strong Austrian arguments against copyright
Has worker productivity decreased since the election of Donald Trump?
Interpetation of coefficent in AR(1) model
What are some benefits of local currencies?
Why is M0 higher than M1?
Can a game with a unique pure strategy Nash equilibrium also have a mixed strategy equilibria?
Government debt constraint
Graduate level texts/notes that cover the Short Run and Long Run Costs of firms' production
Which way is the pendulum swinging with regards to "Access to Capital"
Origin of "enforcement is only effective in the presence of the enforcer?"
Gini coefficients and median / mean income ratio
How much does a public sector pay rise actually cost the UK government?
Is it possible to transfer information through strategic games?
Regression of Real GDP on Intellectual Property Products Problem
Find Engel Curve with a Cobb-Douglas
Gini with negative incomes
Question on a sufficient condition of contractiveness of best reply functions in Vives (1999)
Faulty reasoning in two person card game problem
Comparing GDP contractions between Russia and US
Causes of recent UK Deficit
Endogeneity and the AR model?
Non-cooperative Nash Equilibrium in political game
Basis about money
Beliefs about equilibrium paths with overlapping strategies
Difference between a 3-months UK nominal spot rate and a 3-months UK treasury bill discount rate?
Money in utility function - Value function
How to calculate price index for natural gas in India?
Terminology for separability in price and value
Introductory book for asset pricing and financial economics
Why do we use tax brackets?
Inflation-adjusted units of account
Computational economics and global market simulation
Has anyone ever done an analysis of the flexibility of the demand curve for summer camps?
Elasticity, link between demand and supply
Did the idea of “making money” originate in the United States?
Studying Oligopolies
How do you strategically vote to put someone in last place?
Regression with Dummy Variables
What is used more: economic growth rate compared to previous quarter (GPSA), or growth rate compared to the same quarter of the previous year (GYSA)
What would happen if the US defaults on its debt?
What are some examples of modern economic research that integrate economics and computer science?
International Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM)
Fed, Asset prices, and the Economy
Why is it not possible to prevent sudden unemployment of thousands of people?
Prove relation between expected utility and utility of the mean
Change in Consumer Surplus with Two Price Changes: Is it Path Dependent?
Is it valid to compare cryptocurrencies by using their smallest divisible unit?
Mathematical derivation of the Production Possibility Frontier
Guess and verify?
Is sending fake resumes deception?
Simple model to predict oil prices
What branch of Economics does 'e-governance' fall under?
Allocative efficiency -- correlation between MB and p in populace with wealth inequality
OLG - Government Budget Constraint
What is one dimensional, ordered type?
Specification form for household utility function
Difference equation in OLG framework
Consumer Econometrics: Identifying nature of goods
How does trading create value?
Compound interest problem using PMT in Excel
Difference between GDP and GNI in this exercise
Quantifying economic mobilization
Economic term for relation between drug and companion diagnositic
Auction and best response
How do countries create their own currencies (and give them meaningful value)?
Good textbook in applied microeconomics
Most important but untested theories in economics?
Determinants of economic growth in ARDL model - nominal or real variables?
Does my research prove market inefficiency?
Which are some proven methods to compare alternative economic theories?
Producer Econometrics: Univariate modelling with missing data
What does this graph mean?
Link between Productivity and Labour Force?
Is there a statistic that shows which countries would be owed money if all external public debts were payed immediately?
What is the Economic Rationale for Discounted Early-Bird Parking?
Why did the rate of money supply growth increase from 1993-96 in the United States?
Market crash causes
Interpretation of utility function
How do I calculate the cost per usage of a machine?
Numeraire negativity to avoid boundary solution
Recent economics theories that involve differential topology?
Papers on time it takes to reach market equilibrium?
Why does loan waiving lead to a decrease of Non performing assets?
The effect of future increase in production on current market equilibrium
An approximate measure of the real interest rate applying rule of thumb for growth rates
Does an instant settlement system (such as blockchains) eliminate the possibility for short selling?
How are elasticity of demand, marginal revenue, and total revenue connected?
Why a bank never combine all benefits/promotions and issue a single Credit Card
How can I best estimate a company's contribution to GDP?
Are Cobb-Douglas preferences homothetic?
Does debt include interest owed?
What is fiscal impulse?
Developmental studies and industrial policy for the highly developed countries - research trends?
Game Theory: T-Fold Repetition Game
Are there economic journals which are keen to publish puzzling empirical observations?
Is falling inflation in India one of the reasons for the Nifty crossing the 10,000 points mark?
Basic Reason of Why the Money Supply Needs to Increase?
What is optimal profit for this company?
The role of relative prices in markets on the allocation of resources and the effect on living standards
Human capital for under developed countries
Distributing inflation in a hierarchical model
Why did the rate of money supply growth accelerate from 1993-96 in the United States?
McCloskey's example of fungibility in basketball
Which measures are there to evaluate a country economical development?
Other factors that affect the supply of money
A working model of Supply and Demand
Is NIIP a good measure of a country economical development?
Interpretation of a differenced regression
How do calculate whether selling a product leads to profit?
During an economic expansion, how do the ratios of Return on Equity and Return on Asset are affected?
What aspects of macroeconomics should I address for convincing an investor to invest in a certain country?
Is Soros' theory of reflexivity aligned with normative vs positive economy dichotomy?
How is it traditionally defined the minimum wage legislation in economics?
Which income dollar is taxed most heavily, including implicit taxation, in USA?
Negative interest rate and land
What should the Euro regulators look for and monitor to prevent a Euro crisis?
Log of a Negative Market-Book Ratio in a Regression Model
How can the HKMA peg the Hong Kong dollar at 7.8 HKD/USD for so long?
Clarifying the meaning of market capitalization
Norway inflation and exchange rates
What does it mean when capital is immobile as opposed to having full mobility?
Why does every electronic transaction of USD legally take place on American territory?
What is a rational consumer?
Where does India fall in Peter Theil's matrix?
How are cryptocurrencies reported in GDP?
Is there any index which relates population growth rate with food production growth rate?
What is the function of capitalism?
1929 stock market crash and unemployment rate
What are the constituents of a country's inflation
Common knowledge in model formulation and solution
Simplifying a monoplist's objective function under incomplete information
Optimisation using value function
How have central banks been injecting currency after crises since 2007?
How does the Fed get money
When the ECB does QE, does it print new money?
advice on econometric or methodological approach of my master thesis
References for particular definitions of risk and uncertainty
Using Stata to perform power calculations
Energy saving technology and energy service price
How prevalent is the use of machine learning among economists?
Forums to discuss and learn hot topics of economics research
Deriving intertemporal budget constraint from flow constraint
Vocabulary/Name for Utility of a Set of Choices
Quantitative Marxian/Marxist micro and macro economic models?
Why is JPY considered a "safe currency"?
Value function iterations with hyperbolic discounting
Calculating Weighted Average Cost of Capital (WACC) in this example
How much physical currency does the Fed transfer to banks per year?
What exactly is the argument for Free Trade?
Marginal productivity, wages, and profits in neoclassical economics
Capital mobility across industries and equalization of profit rates
Modelling prices to identify price outliers
Could a tax on rental income that depends on price per square meter induce more housing with lower rents?
Is the Federal Reserve issuing money in a fair way?
Why do different countries have different currency?
Would this alternative to fractional reserve banking work?
Wealth - Bond Market and Liquidity Preference Framework
Today's value of the Louisiana Purchase?
Qualitative methods in Economics
Monthly average rate of discount, 3 month Treasury bills, Sterling Vs 1 Month
Why did the Greek-bailouts 'Fail' vs Portuguese' Succeed?
Budget hyperplane in n dimensions
Solving rational expectations model - Sims form
Multidimensional screening and convexity of the surplus/rent function
Induced technical change vs. directed technical change
Political theories of inflation
How is wealth created?
World Bank lending categories
Why obligation acceleration triggers Credit-Default Swaps (CDS)?
How to determine the price a monopolist will set when the demand curve the firm faces isn't known?
What economic factors should be considered in attracting suitable staff and determining pay for temporary project work?
Why should small open economies avoid interest rate policies?
Can PPP adjusted values be compared over time?
Teaching changes in "demand" v. "quantity demanded"
Creative destruction and quality-adjusted inflation rate.
How does lending money contribute to society?
Why is money in circulation a liability of the central bank?
Why is there a positive risk-free interest rate?
What is a number estimated as a Tornqvist Index?
Who said that growth would stop because of satiation?
What is a stockholder class action for?
Data on average/typical retail markups
Who gathers the production/use data that makes up GDP? And how?
What is the standard error on quarterly GDP figure?
Is printing money to pay government expenses regressive or progressive taxation?
Visualising eigenvectors/values
Subgame Perfect Equilibrium with Pure Strategies in Sequential Games
Johansen cointegration and VECM?
VECM interpretation in Matlab?
Optimization: Dynamic Programming vs Kuhn-Tucker
Is Foreign investment positive or negative for a country?
How is sending money out of a country draining its economy?
Sharp Regression Discontinuity Design
Microeconomic Modeling of Zero-Rated content
Do banks make profits by selling bonds to the central bank?
What is the economical advantage coming from the ability to speak English?
Creating non-linear cost functions
Difference between Unit Banking and Direct Banking
Monopoly and competitive output levels
Could markets compute equilibria?
What exactly people mean when they say "X is a $Y billion industry"?
When countries industrialise, why do jobs from agriculture shift to manufacturing?
Disaggregated data on prices in US
VCG mechanism with a minimum payment threshold
Textbook/Reading Suggestions for Urban Economics
How does Infrastructure impact on Aggregate Supply?
Historical GDP of world economies back to 1945: What are the most complete and reliable data sets?
Solving Leeper (1991) model
CRRA utility function with a scale parameter
Structural Modelling of Expectations/Beliefs
Choice rule and path independence
Regression over the whole population
Labour Saving vs. Labour Augmenting - what is the difference?
Measuring asymmetry between countries GDP per capita
Optimal Fight Purse and Boxing Strategies
How many people in the world were living below 15 dollars a day in the last decades?
How can I achieve better standard error values in Stata?
Clustered standard errors
Does the US stock market tend to rise after natural disasters?
Why are readily available productivity data relative, not absolute?
How to know when hype is reason of a stock prices increase?
What's the term for elastic pricing?
What is Saddle Point Stability?
What determines if a variable is exogenous or endogenous in a model?
Why are we comparing the ratios of MPL to price of labor and MPK to price of capital not ratios of MPL and MPK to price of labor and price of capital
Resources to improve my economic intuition
In which situation does the demand and supply curve both shift?
Consumer utility optimization question
What does Sims' critique of economics models actually say?
Preorder and multi-utility function
Cobb-Douglas nested in CES model
Properties of preference relation
Is there any investment model with time-varying depreciation rate?
What is the general rule for classifying factor that only shift one supply/demand curve or two supply/demand curve?
Short call in binomial option pricing model
Where did Hayek say knowledge is the ability to learn?
Is there a collection of Economics PhD prelims questions?
Vegetarians vs shoppers of humane meat/eggs/dairy - Who has the biggest impact on the factory farming meat industry?
Why are most of open market orders so far from the mid price?
Difference between Negotiable Instrument and Financial Asset
Growth Accounting with variable factor shares
Sources of Growth and co-integration: production function approach
Proving that constant absolute risk aversion and relative risk aversion implies independence of initial wealth
What is time inconsistency in monetary policy?
GDP projections for the fifty American states
Has this differential calculus inequality approach to optimizing the production possibility curve exist?
How empirical was Adam Smith's The Wealth of Nations?
How did the derivatives market 'collapse' in 2008?
Paternalistic Government policies
Are there any economic reasons that could justify a higher tax rate on housing repairs than on construction of new houses?
Stone-Geary preferences and competitive equilibrium
Does a determinant ever have its own interpretation in economics?
Do discontinuous preferences imply no continuous utility function?
Is there a name for this generalization of the stable marriage problem?
How does Marx economics get evaluated in modern economics?
Is money received from my mother every month an income?
Does the existence of insurance markets negate the broken window fallacy?
Existence of utility representation of a rational but discontinuous preference
What is the exact difference between the $\hat{u}$ in PRF vs SRF?
Should I stay or should I quit?
Is there an economically sound way to decide between buying media or a streaming subscription?
What activity or event(s) marks the point at which an economic "bubble" burst?
Notation of a Cobb-Douglas function printed in 1989
When first differences contradict a regular regression regarding Investment vs Output relationship
Data on bilateral real exchange rate
Non-linear budget constraints written as union/intersection of linear budget constraints
Maximal Allais paradox
(Evolutionary Game Theory) Argue informally there can no longer be an ESS in which only b is played
How product leaks before announcements affect a company economically?
Are all points on the Long Run Average Cost (LRAC) curve productively efficient?
Why are the formulas for price elasticity of supply and demand the same in intro microeconomics?
Microeconomics for demand
Simple equilibrium in monopoly question
Looking for an article in Behavioral Economics about Inequality
Exercise about Monopoly price charging
What happens to aggregate C, K, and Y when TFP increases permanently?
Money in New Keynesian models
Microeconomy, monopoly, maximum profit - two different answers when solving exercise in two different ways
Differentiation of the value function in Burdett Mortensen (1998)
Why does competition work for capitalism?
Does a price on the demand curve represent the highest or lowest price the consumer is willing to pay?
Is economics Turing Complete?
Extension on the suspension of national debt ceiling
Type of good that can be owned but not consumed when used
Verify Indifference curves of two utility function to be the same
Private and Social Optimum with externality in this example
Was the aid in the Marshall Plan a loan?
Under what conditions are tariffs or export subsidies expansionary?
Violation of completeness axiom (simple everyday examples)
What are the Economic reasons and explanations to make a referendum?
Arrow of time and irreversibility in Economics
Intertemporal choice with no income flow in the second period
Question regarding Carlstrom and Feurst (1997)
Leontief utility with producer goods
Depreciation and second-hand markets for bicycles
Why does the price for a prescription drug fluctuate?
Monthly savings plans
Ordinal utility and monotonic transformations
Unexplained economic puzzles?
Calculating income-expenditure multiplier?
Difference between chained CPI and normal CPI in simple terms
Rentier capitalism vs investment capitalism?
Why Yen grew stronger after North Korea's H-bomb threat?
Why unemployment quantity can be larger than the market employment based on this price ceiling supply/demand chart?
Should I construct balanced data with only necessary variables or unbalanced data with many potentially usable variables?
Why are there (still) coins?
Are Credit Card Points, Airline Miles, and Store Credit representations of M2 money supply?
Why is money used in transactions when it is dominated as a store of value?
The Fed has a $4.5 trillion balance sheet: where did they get that money?
How to Graph Short-Run Average Cost?
Looking for a term that explains market participants that lie about their participation to gain access to said market
Running Dynare from Matlab
Where does the extra money come from when a new country joins the Euro and converts its currency?
Example production function with increasing returns to scale but diminishing marginal product
Why can we finance government deficit by having a trade deficit?
Why are imported Chinese products in India cheaper than those locally produced?
Concept for "when a mechanism exists which can be exploited, people will exploit it"
CAPM goodness of fit
How could the economic cost of the world not speaking the same language be estimated?
Has US real median personal/household income been stagnant since the late 1970's/early 1980's?
Utility function must be continuous for $V(p, e(p,u) )$ to hold?
Effect of population growth on Solow steady state
Understanding minimums in the calculation of Human Development Index
Explaining why Hicksian demand is more inelastic to intermediate micro student
Is the relation between expenditure and indirect utility in the Mascolell's diagram wrong?
How does the Fed predict Economic Growth?
Proxies for technological change in an economy?
Monopoly marginal cost
How to compute the utility function when risk aversion is equal to 1?
What makes statistics economical reports so varied and different?
Permanent Income Hypothesis - Changes in r
Euler equation - Intuition behind setting $\beta(1+r)=1$ if the economy is closed
How many of the world's workers are producing luxury vs necessary goods?
Weak axiom of Revealed Preference application
How effective is progressive tax at regulating monopoly?
Industrial Revolution: Induced technical change and factor shares
What's the economic effect of a country reducing its imports?
Analyzing Farm Bureau's claim that milk prices would double at the retail level if all the illegals were deported
Marital status determinants
What was the impact of the Great Recession on the economics curriculum
Homogeneous of Degree Two Utility Functions and Homothetic Preferences.
Solow growth model - analytic proof that Inada conditions imply steady state capital is increasing in the savings rate
Turkish economy after 2013
How does Russia have so much foreign exchange reserves?
When is the pegged price equal to the market price
What is the difference between a loan and an investment?
Microeconomics book for a mathematician?
Price discriminating monopolist question
Proof that for increasing AC MC(Q)>AC(Q) at any Q>0?
Non-uniqueness of iterated elimination of weakly dominated strategies?
Conditional independence and no correlation
Is it possible to have constant marginal cost and decreasing average cost simultaneously?
Why are different currencies able to purchase different amounts?
Download original spreadsheet from Reinhart-Rogoff "Growth in a Time of Debt"
How does Limited Friction affect a two-period model? Does the Ricardian Equivalence hold?
What is the use of knowing elasticity of average product?
Implications of differentiable demand function on the utility function properties
«public-sector debt must now also include the central bank’s sharply rising debts». It didn't before?
Hotelling rule and the shadow prices in a peg
Why are countries in the Gulf rich but lagging in technological innovation?
Consumer surplus with isoelastic demand
Help in interpreting this graph? Assets/Liability ratio
Correct scientific term to describe this system property
What are the differences between cryptocurrencies and digital currencies backed by CBs?
Effect of today's decision in the US to no longer mandate contraception coverage
Economics Masters Courses?
What does it mean when we say an iso curve has no interior?
Oil price decreases due to supply decrease?
Where can one find Beta values for stocks?
Was the Concorde project an example of the sunk-cost fallacy?
The potential dilution of cryptocurrencies
How do international organizations collect statistics regarding a country?
What would be the possible effect on a country's economy if private banks are declared as non-profit?
Profit maximization with Cobb-Douglas function
Does the separation of FinCEN, and The Federal Reserve protect the integrity of a representative democracy?
What's a good alternative to Romer's Advanced Macroeconomics?
How to address PPP when doing price comparison across countries?
How to interpret Employment Elasticity in this text?
How to interpret increases in percentage with different sample groups
A manifold of agents?
Why is money super neutral in Brunnermeier and Sannikov's I theory of money?
What is the fundamental problem with Pakistan's economy?
Why are there base years for GDP in current prices (or Nominal GDP)?
Was there resistance, historically, to the idea that human behavior deviates from rational decision making theory?
Complementarity in CES Production Function
To use seasonally adjusted data or not seasonally adjust data?
Visual Representation of mixed strategy profile using a simplex in $R^3$
Inflationary recession vs Deflationary recession
Marginal product of capital net of depreciation
Solutions for the de-dollarization of the Democratic Republic of Congo
Explaining the development of income inequality
Question about violating the zero conditional mean assumption
Why are high/rising property values considered a good thing?
How to pin down the bias and its/their sources in derived technical change indices?
Why does local non satiation imply the constraint is binding?
Fact-checking Dan Ariely (2008) on Duke basketball tickets story
How to utilize the projection matrix in econometrics?
Can monopolistic dead weight loss persist without government intervention? If so how?
Where does the Euler equation get its name from?
How to enhance one's comprehension of the descriptive meaning of formal economic statements?
Deriving long-run cost function
Macroeconomics textbook suggestion
Find Pareto-optima two good economy
Why are the concepts of short-run and long-run equilibrium exclusive to aggregate supply and demand and macroeconomics?
A reference for most used utility functions in macroeconomic problems of intertemporal optimization
What did Karl Marx mean by "the movement of this antithesis"?
Is there something that does not change its value that can be used to measure currency inflation?
How do I find the probability mass function of an individual observation for a multinomial logit model?
Why is the long-run average production cost not necessarily the same as the minimum average total cost?
Insurance Company's Role after Natural Distaster
Why is not tram popular in most countries?
Do granting subsidies always cause allocative inefficiency?
Continuity of preference relation (iff?)
Inflation, Future, And Value of Money - deciding to buy a house
What does it mean for a technology to have a $|\rho|<1$?
Game theory software
Hayek's defense of competition regulation
What is the prime sign that a country is transitioning from a developing to a developed economy?
What's the relation between deadweight-loss and alpha in Cobb-Douglas?
Why solving the model for a benevolent social planner gives an efficient allocation?
Monopolies are just a mathematical misunderstanding
Testing the long run phillips curve / Contradicting empirical results?
Interpretation: Elasticitity of Substitution
gibbard-satterthwaite theorem and median voting
Good book on capital flows?
How would I assess Pesaran's «Time Series and Panel Data Econometrics»?
In Diamond's OLG model, why is capital equal to saving by the young in previous period?
Intuition behind Engel Aggregation and Cournot Aggregation
Why does Mascolell define second-order stochastic dominance as such?
GDP per capita growth of Asia
Compute Nash Equilibrium in median voter game
Find the optimal labor supply when labor utility is linear
Monopoly/Monopolistic Competition Productively Efficient or Inefficient?
Use Brouwer's Fixed Point Theorem to Prove existence of equilibrium(a) with completely mixed strategies
Could be this picture be interpreteded as a pareto set?
Is the arable land a mean of production?
An Optimal Control Model: A Rediculous Result for a Steady State
Empty edgeworth box
Conference venues
Samuelson Acceleration Model Question
What is the definition of social welfare in monopoly?
Optimal control theory: How to maximize Hamiltonian in this case?
Why Is the West providing technology to India?
Panel data: When can I used random effects instead of fixed effects? Are control variables necessary?
Is a small business owner without employees a capitalist?
Econometrics - marginal effect of x on y at average values
How does the bank of Canada define "output"
Maximum wage laws in mercantilist France
Does the break even analysis contradict the law of supply?
Multi-product profit maximization
What are the logistic implications of using bottle caps as currency?
Does Fannie Mae get money from the FED
Which Gini is more reliable, CIA or World Bank?
The right term for a market that tends towards consumers switching suppliers freely
How does the self-corecting mechanism put the economy back to long run equilibrium following a negative shock on the stick-wage SRAS?
Do outputs of a country produced outside its borders contribute to its citizens' well-being?
In microeconomics : is this the contradiction in the atomicity of firms ?
Why is the Cobb-Douglas production function so popular?
How to econometrically identify perfect complements in production?
What does it mean when the natural rate of unemployment is greater than the actual rate?
How is Turkish economy handling the pressure of so much defense purchase?
Any major theory/model that considers return due to idiosyncratic risk?
Including (demand) price elasticity in a price regression model
Homogenous of degree one in utility function.
Why division of labor or specialization boosts productivity
Central Banks Currency being used as value keeping hypothesis
Discrete returns versus log-returns
vNM Expected Utility Theorem Proof
Modeling Asymmetric price adjustment (downward price inflexibility)
Modeling job application process in labor market
Do governments issue debt at low r to pay debt with high r?
Basic question on calculating real GDP
Issues if insurance is not compulsory for population
Understanding the shape of a Marginal Cost Curve
How do domestic stimulus packages affect other nations?
How is the ARIMA model a valid approach for forecasting Economic Variables?
Intro to Modeling
Is it possbile central banks are outside of books getting money from deflation?
If the (direct) utility is concave in all goods, is the indirect utility necessarily concave in wealth?
Is there a natural intuitive interpretation of the **numerical value** of the coefficients of risk aversion?
What's the difference between the Life Cycle Hypothesis and Permanent Income Hypothesis?
Equilibrium Price - OLS Regression
What type of biases arise from DID estimation using aggregate data?
Envelope Theorem in Keen and Slemrod (2017)
What are some database like websites about lower levels of economics (micro/macro) for a research project?
What is Q in the quantitative theory of money?
Best econometric models to fit when there is no control group?
Can a complement good be free or have a fixed cost?
Question on an argument in "The Myth of Absolute Advantage"
«Behavioural economics is also useful in macroeconomics»
Interpreting wedge between MP and wage
What does speculative bid mean?
Why is there Ricardian equivalence in Ramsey's model, but not in OLG?
GDP simple question got me confused: the sale of a capital asset
Does multicolinearity of variables imply complementary inputs?
What have been the main developments in macroeconomics and financial economics since the 2008 financial crisis?
How much the wealth inequality increased in the USA in the last decades?
Game Theory PSNE of a two player simultaneous game
Could someone please explain the proof of Hotelling's lemma?
Why $nominal$ interest increases when inflation is expected to increase?
Why economic rent does not exist in perfect competition
Will money still have any value in the fully automated world?
Asset pricing vs Empirical asset pricing
How would gross world product look like if fossil fuel is treated as capital and not as income?
What is the economic situation in Iran?
How to find the "cost function" given the production function *as well as* the cost per unit produced and the fixed costs?
Which is the origin of the "economic" approach to production?
How do economic and financial policies in government deal with cryptocurrencies?
How, with complete markets, do we have a representative agent?
Subgame Perfect Equilibrium in Baye, Shin (1999)
Applications of Trig functions in Economics?
Letting clients/guest reserve their space vs keeping space clear so that it is available for people who really need it at the moment
2 Player All-Pay Auction
Multiple Equilibria and Index Theorem
Never a Best Response and Belief
What is the term for 'forgone cost' as 'opportunity cost' is for 'forgone profit'?
Was there a Role of Technology in Macroeconomic Models before Solow?
What are good books on economic world history?
Is this proof correct?
Is "management science" a subsection of economics?
MRS for quasi-linear preferences
How can power/electricity prices be negative?
Can game theory be used to predict economic specialization (division of labor)?
National Capital Outflow Question
Random Draft Allocation: Nash Equilibrium?
How to find the market equilibrium by surplus maximisation when there is a consumer subside?
Is the law of demand violated in the case of perfectly elastic demand?
How do you calcualte Yield To Maturity, given only the coupon rate and current required rate of return?
Where UK finds money to sustain its negative trading balance?
modelling Inconsistent production functions
Is there an argument from first principles for the form of the no-ponzi condition?
Is undervaluing environmental impact a subsidy?
Volume of trade covered by regional trade agreements
How can a RTA have a trade imbalance with itself?
In economic modelling, how are we sure the linearized equilibria behave similarly to original equilibria?
Does Game theory consider opportunity cost?
How do I change the base year from multiple years to one with monthly data?
Reverse Auction bidding strategy
Why can we see the Current account as variation in NIIP?
First Welfare theorem proof for local nonsatiation
Why are capital gains not counted in a poverty status calculation?
Why is there negative sign for income effect in slutsky equation?
Variance of a rational forecast
Pure exchange economy: Given an initial endowment are multiple equilibria possible?
Pure exchange economy: Set of multiple equilibria endowments
Finding out an optional consumption without calculation
Forecasting with game theory?
Deviating from Cournot-Nash
Verifying rationalizability of pure strategy
What Creates the Price in the First Place
A question regarding definition of Pareto efficiency
Approximate factor model: Weakly correlated and eigenvalue
Why are aeroplanes not made in one place?
Free market defense against anti-competitive behavior?
What is the logic of Bagehot's policy of high interest rate?
Speculation: Why is it referenced and how do we account for it?
How can the bond market be overvalued when the value of a bond is a function of interest rates?
Multivariable Utility functions
Can you use more than one instrumental variables in an Econometric model?
Financial markets predictions
How and on what basis the inflation target is determined?
How is productivity measured in public sector?
Why do banks charge a spread on credit?
Good book/article that goes into depth about transversality conditions?
How Are The Interest Rates Affected By Inflation Changes?
Do you consider a house a normal NECESSITY good or normal LUXURY good?
What does pilot price mean in the context of marketing?
Variable cost as the sum of marginal cost
Transformation of Cobb Douglas Utility
Per capita income growth rate is difference between income growth rate and population growth rate?
What are directional derivatives used for in economics?
Consequences of a positive uncovered interest rate parity (UIP) spread for an emerging market economy
Historical sovereign bond yield and CDS rate data download
Do institutions buy debt with credit?
Could a bank simply eliminate a loan from its books?
When does the "stationary" problem become and issue with panel data?
What's the speed of convergence to the potential GDP? (Empirical estimates)
CES production function application problem
Difference between Maximum Output and Potential Output
Repositories for working papers in economics and finance
Difference between two ways of calculating real return
Government spending dynamics
Is the locus of consumption in Ramsey growth model a vertical line?
Real Business Cycle
Difference between frictional unemployment and seasonal unemployment
How could the Roman sestertii/sesterces be converted into modern terms (say 2017 US$)?
Why is price a long run concept and interest rate a short run one?
Modelling Bounded Utility Functions
What are some non-von-Neumann-Morgenstern preferences used in economics?
Math in Melitz and Ottaviano (2008)
Putting a Price on Happiness
Alternative to linear regression
Can saddle path not go through the origin in Ramsey model?
Public debt and GDP in post-socialistic countries
Consumer behavior with constrained demand
If porn is free on the Internet, then how do porn stars actually make money?
Contest game: second order condition satisfied, but negative profits?
ARIMA modelling and Economic interpretation
What are some good video lectures on DSGE modeling?
Who determines the exchange rate and how?
How to calculate Shapley Value with uncertainty?
Why is railway electrification in North America far less common than in Europe?
Resources for periodical economics feed
How to Calculate Marginal Utility
Game theory with rational and irrational players
Is skills or abilities of the worker taking in consideration in Marx law of value?
What would be the effect on a tax on business cash flow instead of on income?
Why doesn't the government create money, spend it for free without interest, and recollect it with taxes?
Timing of Nature Drawing Types
Is inequality good for growth?
Calculating the real interest rate, why would my thesis supervisor want me to subtract inflation instead of dividing by inflation?
How exactly does elasticity relate to slope?
What does "survey of panel" mean?
Existence of competitive equilibrium between max utility function and min utility function
Who created the concept of "present value"?
Data request: guidance to find football betting data
Trying to show result of prisoners dilemma simulation through supply/demand graph
Is real income the same as present value of income?
Why is bargaining more common in poor countries?
How to calculate inflation rate in order to perfom VAR model?
Mathematically optimal age to begin drawing Social Security retirement benefits as a function of expected life span?
Utility function of habit formation model
Aside from buying IPOs, what exactly is the point of shareholders?
Does consumer theory assume that utility functions are consistent overtime?
How can CVS which has about 3 billion in cash on hand buy Aetna for 69 billion?
How do Sharks make money on Shark Tank through equity alone?
How do companies with shareholders close up shop?
When does a high markup mean high productivity? Never?
How does demand-supply equilibrium interact with profit maximisation?
Textbook on the mathematics of RBC/DSGE models?
Is there any ranking of countries based on per-capita expenditure in R&D?
Auction models for tickets
Difference between capital and current account
Price Synchronization in the Calvo Model
How is reducing government expenditure supposed to reduce aggregate demand?
Why does bond price tend to 100?
General Equilibrium allocation holding fixed a consumer's utility
Doubt on a simple problem from Mankiw's Macroeconomics
How to convert daily returns to annual returns?
Buy a company with credit or bonds. Does this happen?
Is soil exhaustion rational?
How can all the bitcoin in the world be worth more than McDonald's Corporation?
Can data from discrete choice experiments be used to predict models be used to predict willingnes to pay by specific individuals?
A question of deriving an industry supply curve from cobb-douglass production function
Why is $\Delta p \Delta q$ in this diagram infinitely small?
How many US Dollars are lost or destroyed annually?
Is there a term for the indirect sponsorship of large corporates by the state?
Okun's law nominal GDP growth
Arrow's impossibility theorem
Since 1980, in which years has the US debt-to-GDP declined and why?
What happens when a reserve bank runs out of foreign currency reserve?
What are the most common methods of determining valuation used by economists that claim Bit-Coin is on the verge of being a bubble
Social choice theory
Conditional maximum likelihood of AR(1) UNIFORM PROCESS
Does every allocation have a maximal Pareto-improvement?
Is there a cost to running the NewYork Stock Exchange? Does it affect the price of stocks sold on the exchange?
How to derive a Nash equilibrium pure strategy in a linear Cournot Model
Misspecified autoregressive models
Block pricing vs Perfect price discrimination
What is the economic incentive to cheat? How does an experiment capture exogenous deviations?
A growth model with regime switch
How did "excess liquidity" in the US contribute to the 2008 crash?
Consider the following production function $Q=min \left(\frac{L}{2a}, \frac{K}{4b}\right)$. Let $w$ and $r$ be the wage and rental rate respectively
Any databases with CEO letters and shareholder letters?
Labour-saving vs. Labour-augmenting technical change
Estimating Job Vacancy rate empirically
Why are prices of stocks not very very high with very very low r?
General equilibrium effects of affirmative action policies
Distance transported used to price goods in Marxism
The sequence of Money Supply - Interest Rate
Relationship between IRS and Competitive equilibrium
Money Neutrality and Real Interest Rate
Price Level and Value of money
interest rate and money supply
Intuition for why $EV>CV$ for a normal good
Can we add well-being into macro model as an endogenous variable?
In a closed system, what is the relationship, if any, between currency supply and market capitalization?
Why do economists disagree so much?
Has Germany’s migrant policy improved the economy?
Invading a country with high debt
GDP data for the baltic states from 1988-1994
What's the Cause of Mexico's Poverty Rate?
Does money neutrality mean that nominal GDP (output) changes following changes in money supply?
Deriving a Best Response Function in Baik (1994)
Who really pays transaction taxes like VAT or sales tax?
Why are share repurchases particularly accretive?
Best texts on cash usage and share buybacks in companies
How technology will help economists to do better predictions?
Is there a proven, quantitative link between food wastage and food prices?
Testing for Endogeneity
What lies behind supply and demand model?
Why can't countries print another country's currency?
Inflation and stock price
Supply and Demand: Why should lower costs lead to a rise in supply?
Fisher Effect - inflation and stock return
If Trickle Down Economics Works, Then Shouldn't "Trickle Up" Economics Work as Well?
Relation $\Delta Unemployment$ and $\Delta GDPgrowth$
Why U.S Import from China is a big deal?
How does price fixing work if it requires an almost universal agreement?
intuition behind the blanchard kahn conditions?
Can Okun's Law be used for forecasting?
Marx: Relative and equivalent-form. Difference?
Theoretical - Direct Money Supply model
Does Average Total Cost (ATC) include implicit opportunity costs?
Is a lack of "rules" dangerous for cryptocurrency
Where are bank loans in balance sheet?
Currency Value Formula
Economic Data - Frequency
How can lending be feasible on blockchain?
testing the relationship between stock price and macroeconomic variables
Would a sudden increase in population, increase inflation?
For any given non-null game, is there always a finite amount of Nash equilibria?
Theoretical market capitalisation of a crypto currency?
Unconstrained Optimization:Why is there no "profit style" function in consumer theory?
what is consumer surplus practically?
Consumer surplus from a Hicksian demand curve: what is it?
Entrepreneurs and risk aversion
Difference between $x$ and $X$
Problem with a Hal Varian Question from chapter 5
Questions about Paul Krugman's 1998 Japan Analysis
Balanced budget and change in taxes
Consolidated budget constraint
How can I change this formula to better calculate the reward of some financial movements? (avoiding to consider maturation)
Marginal Effects Interpretation
Macroeconomic Measures of Human Capital
Measuring quantities for price indices?
What exactly is certainty equivalence in the context of DSGE models?
Why $v_i=(X_i-\mu _X)u_i$ is i.i.d?
What amount of share buy-backs are legitimate?
Graph of liquidation of trade versus price of commodity
mathematical marxian models
Why is the inverted yield curve a good predictor of impending economic recession?
Envelope theorem for discrete choice sets?
Definition of capitalism
Impulse response functions?
Saddles and Rational Expectations. Language barrier preventing me to solve this exercise
How to decide the best bid in an auction?
How to model spendthrift behavior
Structural VAR and Granger Causality
How Mark Zuckerburg (or any other company founder) got valued at billions?
Variance of $\hat{\beta _0}$ in case of homoskedasticity
How to calculate gdp of a company during promotion and loss?
Does this explanation pertaining to the Supply Curve and Law of Supply make sense?
Can a monopoly INCREASE the market surplus compared with a competitive market?
Why wasn't the wage of the entrepreneur included in explicit costs?
Second order condition for symmetric game
Is the convexity of production sets necessary for the welfare theorems?
Public Debt as Percent of GDP
what are the categorization by industry in economics?
Do billionaires like Bill Gates have access to their entire net worth or it is symbolic?
Bliss point utility doubt
GDP versus GNP. Which is a better gauge of a country's economy size and prosperity?
Why would a natural monopoly lose money when MC=P, but a competitive firm would get positive accounting profit?
Why have trickle-down economics failed to trickle down to the middle-class and poor in recent years?
If I have a £25,000 loan, in a balance sheet do I include it in the Cash as well as a liability?
From mathematics to economical interpretation
Does the envelope theorem hold at a corner solution?
Why exactly does a perfectly competitive market depend on consumers having perfect information about a product?
Economics of Homelessness: Are housing prices to blame?
MWG Example 3.E.1
Has any person ever actually planned his or her consumption according to Modigliani’s LCH?
Why are some natural monopolies protected by the law from competition?
Shutting off production in short term
How did economics become a "science", an academic field?
relation between the demand function and the marginal utility function
What would happen if there was a one-time redistribution of wealth from the wealthiest 1% to the other 99% of people in the US?
Does Not Having a Fractional Reserve System Cause More Inflation?
Optimal population allocation layout over the Earth
Multiple regression.
Is the time value of money natural or artificial?
How to prove dynamic inefficiency in the Solow model?
Elasticity of Durable Goods vs Non-Durable Goods
In panel data application, when using Fama and MacBeth regression is preferable over the fixed or random effect model? thought
GDP Identity:Why does $\text{C+S+T = C+I+G+(X-M)}$?
Basic New Keynesian Model: Why variables are defined by integral equations
Macroeconometrics:How to measure capital depreciation?
Has Trickle-Down economics ever worked?
Ttest and heteroscedasticity problem in no intercept model
Effects of long run stability in U.S price level comparing to other countries on net export
Social planner's first order condition (current-value Lagrangian)
Ben Bernanke Portfolio Balance Effect
Is there a dutch book argument for the "independence of irrelevant alternatives" axiom?
In the Ramsey model, how does it make sense to say that capital equals wealth when wealth can be negative and capital cannot?
Does there exist a mathematical formalization of Hayek's ideas about information and the price system?
Dornbusch Sticky Price (Overshooting) model
In Mankiw's Macreoconomics, how come capital is assumed to be fixed while investment is assumed to be variable?
list of exotic production functions?
Increasing returns to scale
Choice correspondence notation
Bertrand-equilibrium with discrete price set
Reservation utility
Karush-Kuhn-Tucker in infinite dimension
In what contexts are stable markets sub-optimal?
Literature on Recursive Preferences and Time-Additive Expected Utility
Monopoly - Where is the Markup formula derived from?
It's unclear how market equilibrium is reached in case of overproduction
Considering how USD enters the market, is the USD actually unbacked? Could the USD represent a unit of a “fund” of securities held by the Fed?
Gold charts on different currencies
I'm studying the effect of a law on a sector: how do I select the control group?
Financial markets, money demands
How should I define most of the import or export when doing analysis of the import and export of a country?
Rosen's unique equilibrium conditions: Multi dimensional strategies?
Pro and cons to finding coal
Ban an import that is exported
Regression - Testing for autocorrelation in the presence of heteroscedasticity
Why does the violation of a preference axiom not invalidate the discipline of economics?
a risk lover agent preferences and the preference of risk natural agent may be the same
Is there any good textbook for theoretical economics mathematical modelling?
Who pays externalities?
How to derive the Indirect Utility Function from the Marshallian Demand Function?
Microeconomics of GDP
AD-AS Analysis of the Effects of a Decrease in Corporation Tax
Ricardian vs Non-Ricardian policy identification
Utility Functions: Implying endless consumption?
Can the Fed control the shape of the entire yield curve?
Anything written on the process behind "multiplicative" production function?
What's the Difference Between Being Pro-business and Being Pro-market?
Bernoulli transformation in " A Close Form Solution to the Ramsey model" by Smith (2006)
Reason for Economic Slowdown in Western Nations
Profit maximization under uncertainity
printing money after making the value by setting prices by law
How big is the consumer surplus for typical consumer goods?
Measuring Subjective Beliefs
How much of an assets price change is due to speculators and functional buys/sellers
When big companies invest on a new idea/product?
How is it possible that all currency exchange rates are fixed w.r.t. to each other?
Why some companies are reporting loss due to the new US tax law?
Show that strict preference ordering is not reflexive
Friedman's version of money multiplier formula
Why does a strong dollar make imported goods cheaper?
Proving consistency of quantile regression estimators
Crypto-tokens: how do they function in a latter stage of company?
Price elasticity and optimal pricing in a monopoly with zero marginal cost
Stochastic Dynamic Programming: Deriving the Steady-State for a Lottery
Net Neutrality and Recent Telecom Projects
The relation between econometrics and machine learning
Why is there a deadweight loss in this lemons market?
Kelly criterion wealth allocation alternatives
Dynamic factor model for inflation (UIG)
Income Elasticity of Demand vs. shift in demand curve
Why are simple returns additive over securities?
Where/What should I search to find the big companies annual paid salary information?
Empirical measurements of consumption and production elasticity of substitution?
Nash Equilibrium in 2 bidder auction
how is new money actually introduced in the United States?
What effect does a wage ratio cap have on the efficency of allocation of labour?
Was the average person no better off in 1800 than in 100,000 BC?
How to track costs and calculate price?
What impact would falling oil prices have on the natural rate of unemployment?
Stochastic process difference equation: stationary distribution
Question regarding to Government Debt in Williamson Textbook
Are cryptocurrencies a ponzi scheme or a bubble?
Has the shrinking of the American household improved or diminished household welfare?
What are the assumptions of real business cycle theory and Keynesian theory?
Two Funds Separation & CAPM
Welfare status when a positive externality is subsidised
Aggregate production function, factor shares and cointegration
Estimating aggregate production function with sharp decline during a crisis period
Recycling credits
Impact on interest rates of massive government spending
Say's law stated in terms of general equilibrium theory?
MRS of Perfect Complements and MRS Equilibrium Condition
Why would China and Russia selling the US' debt ruin the economy?
Are expensive cities economically threatened by an inability to house low-income workers?
How was the CES production function derived?
Unemployment. What is the source of income?
The social welfare of a unique general competitive equilibrium in an exchange economy
References? -- Coordination Between Groups
World Stock Markets that went up in 2008
Why does a lack of pipelines cause Canadian crude oil to trade at a discount compared to US crude oil?
Is production side (or so called "firms") considered in "social welfare"?
Flow and Time derivative?
What are the necessary and sufficient conditions on a utility function for gross substitutes?
Understanding the Zellener-Revankar Production Function
How can I motivate a dynamic model using utility and consumer preference where only one good is affected by past consumption?
How GDP by expenditure and GDP by income method are same in this case?
Does trade lead to economic growth in the most basic models of trade?
Solution method in Smith (2006) A Closed Form Solution to the Ramsey Model
U.S. stock market 2/5/18
What caused the increased market trading since late 2016?
How price and quantity of ice cream sold changes when the price of yogurt reduces?
How constant returns to scale leads to zero economic profit?
Does Chile have a government owned Export Import bank like the US or India?
Kiyotaki-Moore v.s. Bernanke-Gertler-Gilchrist - what's the difference?
How does Bolivia maintain its high economic growth and the highest direct foreign investment in South America, despite its economic policies?
What is feminist economics?
How change in technology affects the price of labour and capital?
$p(0)\geq c'(0)$ in monopoly
Doubt on the meaning of real money balances
How to calculate average buy price when you buy, sell and rebuy
Simple Determinant of Supply Question
Determining the elasticity of Hicksian Demands
Is comparative advantage undermined by a welfare state?
*Within-country* Fertility vs. income
Static and Dynamic models: Testing the Quantity Theory of Money
Why is bartering uncommon in modern countries?
Why real wage equals marginal product of labor when return to scale is constant?
Alternative measure for market capitalization, company "value"
How can we incentivize volunteer rescue forces like the Cajuan Navy which assisted in Louisiana?
Wealth transfer by Social Planner in GE
Equilibrium Sequence of {c(t)}
About studying econometrics in undergraduate
Does endogeneity matter when neither independent variable nor error term are correlated with dependent variable?
Choosing Data for CES Production Function
Would an $8 National Minimum Wage Work in the US?
Connection between low demand for US Treasuries and expectation of inflation
The Fed pays 1.50% interest on reserves; so why are interest rates so low?
Real exchange rate of India and United State?
Is there a discrepancy between the ratio and total expenditure methods of measuring elasticity?
The Next Breakthrough of Growth Economics
What does a "sell-off" mean if every stock transaction is balanced?
Bounded rationality with Quantal Response Equilibrium model for an Extensive Form game
Would the military be more efficiant if they were unionized?
Why system of beliefs, $\mu(x)$, needed in dynamic incomplete information games
How To Program Finite General Equilibrium Models
Flat Term Structure and Immunized Portfolio Strategy
Rationalizable strategies in a game
What drives the Idiosyncratic Volatility puzzle?
Help with Monopolistic Competition Proof, Prove Love for Variety
Why is the annual transferred money worldwide quite different?
Iterative versus continuous auctions
Eaton & Kortum - Technology, Geography, and Trade - How theta impacts geographical barrier
Papers on Game Theory and the Housing Market
Macroeconomics, the circular flow of income and profits
What types of 'market mechanisms' are said to exist besides auctions?
Incentive compatibility: Weakly dominant strategy versus Nash equilibrium?
Linearization of VES production funtions
Why do some prices contain a sequence of a digit repeated several times?
Estimating Endogenous vs Exogenous growth models
In quantitative tightening do banks have no choice in refusing to buy bonds from Central Banks (mainly Federal Reserve)
Cartel profit maximizing quantity question (Cournot game)
How do I determine the demand curve of a product through a survey?
Rational expectations econometrics: a theory or an excuse?
How can a crypto currency crash affect liquidity?
Soft Question: Economic measurement in a post-industrial economy
Bayesian Mechanism vs Prior-free Mechanism
How are fund managers usually compensated against benchmark?
Tit-For-Stat Strategy Best Replies
What metrics can be used to distinguish between capitalistic and socialistic economies?
Why is the symmetric grim trigger not a Nash?
Pareto efficient adverse selection
Debt accumulation equation derivation: valid given that it rests on calculus and the time period is a year? (nowhere near infinitesimal?)
Normalise historic values given in different currencies
Interpreting 10-YR TREAS 21/32 yield 2.913%
Basic Fundamentals question on regression analysis based on economic theory:
(Macro)econometrics book recommendation
Can real wages increase (practically) without inflation?
What properties does a stable economy possess?
Effect of the Bank Home Loans of Property Prices
Isn't buying currency with high interest rates a double whammy?
Teaching: from Microeconomics to Open-economy macro
Sample used in calculating the sample regression function
True or False: During the Japan Bubble, one sky scraper in Tokyo was worth more than the entire state of california?
Open market purchase of securities and it's effect on balancesheet
In US gov treasury auction, can the highest bidder force high prices for all others
How does hedging using futures work?
Can the function of the Central bank become automated?
DSGE Model Solutions as a Vector Time-Series process. Examples?
Using an instrument in IV that is not strictly exogenous to the variable it is instrumenting?
Is it constant returns to scale if the output of a production function is purely a function of one variable?
Where to find the face value in a US treasury bond announcement
Economic valuation of green spaces using GIS
Are there two deadweight welfare losses associated with a Pigovian tax?
Impact of Natural Disaster on Production Function
How should I evaluate my startup?(specific question)
Balance of Trade ( Surplus and Deficit)
Definition of "Structural Equation" In Economics
What are exactly considered resources in modern economics?
Bank maturity mismach
Luce Choice Axiom, Quantal Response Equilibrium
Can a spending freeze solve the problem of the Italian enormous government debt?
Best strategy for investing and buying out property with many owners(20+)
Where does bank’s Tier1 capital lie
Derive utility function with both substitutes and complements
Exports: How can a small amount of export make really high income
How to find right MRP_L in this economic problem?
How is infant mortality rate an indicator of living standards?
Did I calculate maximum price of machine correctly?
Can the supply curve shift while the PPF does not shift?
Prices on year by year basis
Are interest included in the computation of government debt
Econometrics - Simultaneous Equations and Perfect Inelasticity in the Context of Regression
Are there any instances where short run demand/supply is more elastic than long run cases?
Intuition Behind the Definition of Prudence?
asset-pricing problem
Understanding the Diewertt Cost Function
Econometrically estimating the Leontief cost function
Calculate real GDP
Differences between GMM and MSM?
What is the estimated propensity to consume out of wealth, and how does it depend on income levels?
How to get the percentage-change form of the quantity equation?
A confusion regarding search and matching model in Pissarides's "Equilibrium Unemployment Theory" book
Why did the internet price rise in the last 5 years in Germany?
Levelized cost of electricity, to calculate the absolute costs?
TFP estimation as residual and normality of errors
Why is investment not a cost in firms profit functions?
Free rider problem in game theory
Are there any real world examples of potential Pareto improvements?
Insignificant Interaction effect in applied econometrics (multinomial logit regression)
Replicating a state-space model
Not sure how to use this formula for auctions
Asset Market Effects on Balance Sheets
Decline in the Value of the Domestic Currency
Why is the Marginal Utility of losses deminishing in Prospect Theory?
How are GDP rates calculated?
Which model produces the correct revenue-maximizing rate?
What is this graph saying?
Taxing a monopoly
What is the opportunity cost if I choose the option of highest value
Why use geometric mean for GDP when calculating the credit-to-gdp ratio?
Macroeconomics- money supply LM model
Printing money to redistribute wealth
Contribution to change of a ratio with 3 terms
How to estimate loss of customers due to customer support inefficiency?
Are there any examples of tariffs working?
Generic bond yileds
how to calculate the average annualized return?
US economy stagnant growth
Anonymity in social welfare function
Methods of reducing the natural rate of unemployment?
Max Likelihood Estimators of a stable Gaussian VAR$(p)$ process. Are the Lutkepohl formulas correct?
How long can a population grow once it has reached the replacement fertility rate?
How to determine which triangle is DWL?
Utility Function in Consumer Credit
Random effect Vs Fixed effect with the 10 CAN provs as cross sections
Compensating variation versus change in value of goods consumed?
MRS in Walrasian equilibrium price expression?
JK Galbraith Quote: How to interpret?
Axiomatic Bargaining: Kalai-Smorodinsky and Nash solutions coincide
"If $\lambda$ is greater than than 1, the system explodes." Why does the system explode?
How does the EBQ formular come out?
What is Opportunity Cost?
What causes the US media obsession with tariffs; The EU and others have charged tariffs on US stuff forever?
What is the exact relationship between the efficient-market and random-walk hypotheses?
How does national debt work?
how does the USA maintain the value of it currency in light of $800 billion trade deficits
Why don't public transport networks have more routes to each terminal in order to reduce the number of transfers?
Is there a quantitative model demonstrating the relationship between balance of payments and exchange rate?
Are there Nash Equilibria that aren't mixed strategies?
How do I apply the distance-weighting matrix in a spatial autoregressive model
GDP and production
What do you call a game that is both simultaneous and sequential?
Sequential Game Rollback Equilibria Question
Where to find official sources for price-to-rent ratio?
What happens if an expensive thing goes into high supply for a limited time?
Term for perfect symmetric asymmetry
Difference between the International Dollar and PPP
Is there merit to the argument of reducing the US trade deficit
How is the Solow residual measured?
Phenomenon of equal prices without price collusion
Expected values vs uncertainty
What is the difference between budget constraint and budget line?
Moral hazard vs hidden information.
What are some results in Economics that are both a consensus and far from common sense?
Confusion about the effect of an increased expected inflation on the price level
What are some important mathematics results that were first developed in Economics?
Value vs. Price and its relation to tariffs
Why does US jobs and inflation have an affect on European equities?
Will a consumer be more, or less willing to give up a commodity (for the other) for which they have been substituting another?
What were the liquidity requirements prior to Basel III?
Is the global Automobile Industry changing from an oligopoly to monopolistic competition?
How to get the effect of one dummy variable against many others?
The link between US debt of $250 Trillion dollars and "Promise to pay" on US Dollar currency
How can the "Share of merchandise imports at current PPPs" be negative?
Why shouldn't governments use Forex reserve to pay their debts?
I want formula for compund interest with regular and fixed replenishments
How to prove that a point is a maximum point
Why regulate the financial world rather than take over some of the services?
Meaning of a paragraph related to economics
Is there any nation which doesn't have any external debt?
Bank Capital and Profit
Solution to Dynamic Programming (Bellman Equation) Problem
Debt bearing capacity
Which economist suggested solely printing money to borrow and not have bonds?
Employing numerical techniques for Hotellings location model
Good Europe focused economics blogs
Difficult quantity theory of money question
What are some critiques to the principle of comparative advantage?
Interest rate Effects on labour supply
Is there a B.S. for futures?
The fisher effect
How does market work when there are few buyers and few sellers at the same market?
rates vs. level
Does the Coase Theorem account for malicious externalities?
How to improve the underperforming construction productivity by correcting its market failures?
Disruption vs economic growth vs inflation
Where to begin with solving this table on Total Cost analysis?
What are modern examples of established economic theories being used on a large scale in real life?
Consumption Function
Nash equilibrium of sequence of games
Can a currency crisis be the proximate cause of a debt crisis?
Behavioral game theory for elections process with two candidates
What famous company that turned a loss at its first year(s) but then became profitable?
What does "to be in the double digits to get inflation" mean?
Why did the Dollar weaken after interest rate increase?
Incentive differences payroll and income tax
To obtain the distribution/variance of two random coefficients
Abolishing all tariffs without reciprocity
Reference Request on consumer theory
Quasiconcavification
Why is Mises "permitted" to define "Economics is an a priori science", if a priori is not trustworthy?
Why do graphic card prices rise due to bitcoin miners?
Difference between pigovian tax and sin tax?
How much of previous economics (historically) is still relevant today?
How does price-elasticity of supply affect the incidence of tax on consumer and producer
Using metrics provided by FRED to identify the business cycle
What purpose does general equilibrium serve in practice?
What are production limiting programmes?
China: sectoral data
Can't government experiment on price in the case of a monopoly?
What qualifications does a bank need to create USD funds?
Does Economic Growth Lead to Inflation?
Sensitivity Analysis
Do I understand the second welfare theorem correctly?
One-step Binomial model's Radon-Nikodym derivative
How to estimate market risk using only publicly available data?
Does Russia Prevent Gold Exports?
Why bankrupt firms continue to operate?
how do you calculate unemployment rate from wage rate?
How did the Joint Committee on Taxation calculate the distribution of individual income tax rate increases for the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017
Simple arbitrage model of a single commodity
Translated Selten Subgame Perfect Eqm Paper
Which of Arrow's four desirable properties' is violated in this scenario?
Markov switching
When can tit-for-tat be sustained?
The Shapiro-Stiglitz model. Why under full employment do unemployed workers find jobs instantly?
Deriving support in bidding strategy
Firm Concentration and Low Inflation
Does GNI change once it has been published?
Finding a stable equilibrium
Risk Dominance on a Network
Can biotechnology be a bad thing?
Production Possibility Frontier and Opportunity cost
Game Theory of Two Firms
Economies of Scale explanation?
How to check whether the production function below is neoclassical or not
Stock vs flow variables
Productivity and wages in a task-based model
Marginal Revenue Interpretation of Auctions
What's the term for an economic policy that has negligible effect for most, but a significant effect for a few?
In Supply and Demand is Quantity the Amount of Inventory of the Amount of Units Sold?
What counts and doesn't count as rent seeking?
Use of the Lagrangian in empirical work
Basic New Keynesian Model - Price and Wage Level after shock
Bayes-Nash equilibrium in Auction
What is the concrete meaning of Britain saying they export Banking Services?
Auction with "buy-it-now" option
Why would a common currency such as the Euro that can't be devalued be incentive for banks to lend money to a country?
Interpretation of price indices
Understanding the HP Filter
Why can high variance help you in Heckman (1998) but not Aigner and Cain (1977)?
Estimating production functions with time series data
Commercial bank balance sheet after Fed purchases $10 million in Treasury Bonds
Will an increase in interest rate cause short run aggregate supply to shift?
In what country outside of the EU is the public sector the highest percentage of GDP?
Why is it a problem if China starts "dumping" US Treasuries? What does it mean to be dumping?
How to increase price gradually?
Demand curve for items where consumers typically only buy a single product
How can China shield its public from the effects of a trade war?
Normality of residual is violated, How to fix it properly?
Productivity issue
Do you get economies of scope from horizontal or vertical integration?
Isn't it trivial that preferences are single-peaked over two alternatives?
What type of protectionist measure is this?
what results can be derived from the average cost curve?
What is the name and the mathematical model of this effect
Reference Request: Primer on Relationship Economic Growth and Science / Technology
GDP per Installed Computing Facilities
heteroskedasticity OLS model prediction
How can energy consumption be an indicator of per capita availability of capital?
IS-LM-BP Model: How will income and interest rate change if government expenditure is increased?
Incomes of different professions
The supply and demand of Virtual Products
What is a suitable exponential to model a currency or cryptocurrency price increase?
Real Business Cycle Theory
Graphically detecting heteroscedasticity in OLS
Compute the average income and the average utility
How does buying assets change net capital outflow?
Predicting GDP contribution from market share
Uncertainty in an unfair gamble
Why is Canada's unemployment rate higher than that of the US, UK, Germany and the Netherlands?
Universal Basic Income
Categorical variable as explanatory variable (right hand side)
Economic impacts of Migration on the Labour Market
Why is it good to create jobs?
Microeconomics theory and integration by parts (proof).
Bayesian-Nash equilibrium in a first-price auction
Why do banks offer less interest on larger deposits?
Does lowering consumption help reduce inflation rates?
Terms definition in Balance of Payment
What is a "modified IS-LM framework"?
Why FDI stock in the same year is different in the same reports?
Homothetic preferences and utility functions
Which one is most distortive?
Leontief's Paradox and the amount of capital
Why Constant Returns to Scale Suggests Certain Relation
Dimensional analysis for the qdf/quantile function corresponding to the pdf/CDF for the size distribution of income
Do I need to log transform these two kinds of variables?
Lotteries and expected utility
Why are required reserves so trivially low?
Interpretation of R result, the mlogit
What would happen if a country bans the trading of its currency against foreign currency?
In auction theory, why is my own valuation a random variable?
Recession and Net Export
If South America were to unite as one country would they become an economic superpower?
What's the name of this pairwise price-setting scheme?
Did the Nixon shock cause skyrocketing real estate prices in the US?
Constant Regressor in GLS
maximize profit of competitive firm in short-run
When finding targets in a trade war, does the goods balance or trade balance matter more?
Econometrics: Omitting a significant variable
Can number of children in rich country is small due to this simple economic factor?
Size and influence of the regulatory/supervisory sector
What does national debt really mean? and why is it bad to pay it off?
Monopolist engaging in international trade
Homothetic preferences
Value of Statistical Life and Risk
if all income is spent on consumption how will it change or affect the economy
Why investing in bonds imply a decrease in money demand?
What are the (immediate) effects of changing a good's price on consumer and producer surplus?
Advice for finding literature for thesis
Negative Inflation, AS/AD framework, What Graph to use?
Mixed strategy Nash equilibrium in 3x3 game
Formulas or rules regarding End of Life for vehicle
What are some great economic reforms from the Middle Ages / the Ancient History?
Correlated Equilibrium for Rock Paper Scissors
When people talk about “Companies Hiding Money Overseas” to avoid taxes, what does this really mean?
Present value of perpetual rise in income
Partial production function question
the difference between $\hat{e}^2_i$ and $\sigma^2_i$
Example of a game with no Nash equilibria but at least one correlated equilibrium
CES function estimation
Can linearization change the time index?
Indiference between two lotteries
Existence of nash equilibria in finite games
Interrelationship between inflation and foreign capital flow
Does the Marginal Propensity to Import = negative Marginal Propensity to Tax?
How do I begin to approach this dynamic discrete choice model?
Why is Roy's Identity so important?
Euler equation through tangency conditions
How is it economically responsible to destroy proprty which has value?
Can the stock market grow faster than GDP indefinitely?
Do people really care about higher moments?
Original Work for Pareto Refinement of NE under Strategic Form
Controlling for interaction effects
Market efficiency in software, music, news, etc
AR 1 Process simulation
How to set a minimum wage
What's a singular model in economics?
Using aggregate marginal revenue as a way to estimate demand
Determining the capital return from the investment in dynamic firms and their growth
Do countries have to run on deficits? What is their possible economic future?
Meaning of Transversality Conditions in Ramsey Problem
Competition and welfare - empirical evidence
Why would minimum rent under franchise arrangements for McDonald's decrease year by year?
Perfect complement graph and isoquant
Fiscal budget: spending in real vs nominal terms
Constant MC - Monopolstic Competition
Is profit margin the same as net profit margin?
Raising the elasticity of substitution in an economy
Why does changing the value a currency help/hurt exports if sellers can just inflate/deflate prices to match the change?
Is wealth inequality actually a problem
Profit Function: Just revenue maximization subject to constraint? if so where is $\lambda$?
Can the amount of loans and deposits in entire banking system differ significantly?
Can increase of NEER cause higher inflation?
Modifying Hotelling's lemma: Is this valid?
Book recommendations: National income accounting and IS-LM model
Why is the rising price of a commodity inflationary, while the rising price of money is disinflationary?
conditional mean and conditional median
Present Value Analysis
The relationship between gross profit and tax
Mechanics of Sterilized Intervention?
Ricardian Trade Model
Economics term for unfavorable goods
Simultaneous consumption tax and subsidy
Concept of return on investment but for the state instead a firm
Nash equilibrium for Bertrand Model with Spatial Differentiation
Does the Prospect Theory value curve change according to reference wealth size?
Mathemtical Economics Question regarding Profit Maximization
Multiple regression
Devaluation of exchange rate meaning
Universal carbon price
Marshallian demand curve elasticities
Can we use hotelling's lemma as a rule of thumb when wage rate can vary?
Is a hyperlink a kind of informational public good?
Firm Dynamic Optimization Problem
Which currency do we consider when talking about trade balance ?
Why is Algeria the #2 milk powder importer in the world?
Utility maximization question setting up.
Set of utilitarian weights
Which of Anscombe-Aumann's axioms imply the Sure-Thing principle?
Is any aspect of the cryptocurrency adoption violating a widely held economic tenet?
Dornbush model - relationship between i and S
What will be the effect on velocity of money when demand for real money increases?
What is consumer debt and how could it make businesses vulnerable?
Instrumental Variable Paper for Minimum Wage
What is the effect of expansionary fiscal policy in case liquidity trap situation?
What type of graph can be hepful to explain the type of errors that should be used?
What economics theory explains changes in purchasing different types of goods?
What is the actual numerical value of the velocity of money?
If US capital income taxation were eliminated, which ordinary income tax brackets would be equally progressive?
Extracting group effects from individual fixed effects
How to write budget constraint if the agent sell the goods that buy
Social conflicts in economic growth models
Friedman rule vs Friedman's k-percent rule
How did we arrive to 40 hr work week?
Linear programming, shadow price range
Production function question
Categorisation of Harmonised System codes for economic analysis
question regarding econometric testing of the natural rate hypothesis
understanding the proof of stochastic dominance.
What really is inflation?
Which economical consequences could happen to a country if it forbiddes importing cars?
Have countries ever tested economical measures at city level?
Is quantitative easing part of the ECB's and Fed's mandates?
Are taxes supposed to be calculated depending on the seller, or the buyer?
How exactly is a Bertrand equilibrium defined?
Measuring inequality at the zip code or county level in the United States?
Government efforts in tacking the food crisis
is surplus just an approximation?
EOQ - how to calculate holding cost
The monopoly markup with inelastic demand?
How does IS-LM model reduced investor confidence?
How to calculate Pareto Optimal outcome in a game with a Nash Equilibrium
Question on returns of scale in isoquants
Accelerator and Multiplier effects at full employment
Income effect for inferior goods question
How does a decrease in money supply affect price levels and Real GDP in the short run?
Elasticity of substitution meaning
Is there objective evidence that the US economy is "booming"?
Could the inflation following the Gold Rush have been avoided, are we any "wiser" on inflation now?
Prove that if a bond trades at a discount, its yield to maturity will exceed its coupon rate
Elasticity of subsitution: a redundant calculation?
Proper definition of extensive form game
Question on subgame perfect equilibrium
Could leisure be considered a Giffen good?
Mixed Nash equilibrium
Creating a tailored sample from panel data
Indicator variables over unequal periods?
Kuhn Tucker optimization problem
Learning Suggestion to better understanding on Advanced Microeconometrics (Master Degree Level)
Why are real interest rates so non-volatile compared to investment?
Confounding versus endogenous variables. What is their relative hierarchical position?
Import/export by sector/country data source
Heckscher-Ohlin with different technologies
Software for field work: collecting survey data (multi-platform, on-line and off-line)
On the interpretation of the coefficients in a log-log model as an average
Finding Bertrand equilibrium with no demand function explicitly given
Optimization problem with Kuhn-Tucker conditions
Good paper/article on the mechanisms in RBC vs New Keynesian models
Are corporations free market on the outside and communist dictatorships on the inside?
Philosophy books for decision theory and economics idea
Show that First order conditions are necessary and sufficient for utility maximization
Question about budget constraint and utility maximization
Inferior and normal good and the change in price of those goods
Are principal payments on government bonds included in normal budget spending?
Profit maximization question
Kuhn Tucker optimization problem and game theory
Economies of scale: when is it disadvantageous?
PED and change in revenue
Hyman Minsky's view on Bank Examination
Auction question
Wasn't Laffer Wrong?
Cournot equilibrium question
Revenue maximization
How a country is categorized as developed or developing?
Kuhn-Tucker and optimization (continue)
How does a stock market work under a command economy
Unitary Elastic Demand
Intuition behind a cournot duopoly nash equilibrium producing a higher output than a monopoly?
Compute variables in perfect competition, in monopoly and duopoly
Question on oligopoly.
Question on consumer theory
Trying to apply Solow model to the US econmy
Have countries with a monopoly on a resource in an area ever established 1-company monopolies in that area to drive up price?
Do changes in fixed taxes have a bigger effect on real GDP compared with government spending because they affect consumption
What is the best example social norm effect economy?
Command and control policy approach graph
Does SARP imply WARP? and GARP imply SARP?
If 1% of the solar energy of the Sahara can power the entire world, why isn't it happening?
Are there "Grossman/Hart/Moore" models without efficient negotiation outcomes?
Conducting an experiment to calculate empirical elasticity with very small price changes
Game theory - Write a maximization problem (with restriction)
In the UK, does the rate of annual price increases in food consistently beat inflation? How can we tell?
Why, in such a debt-heavy era, is inflation still such a Bad Thing(TM)?
Asymmetric information assumption
Macroeconomics: effect of technology/workforce in the short run
Finding subgame perfect equilibrium
The verification of my solution
A unique global currency and a balanced macroeconomic system
Where can I look up a companies Herfindahl index?
Market clearing condition with Walras law
Relationship between convexity and a perfect complements type utility function
Why do large financial institutions make international transactions in digital currency?
Why does the yield curve flatten?
Does a fall in the wage rate always reduce hours worked?
General model of economics, economics as mathematical structure
Expectation augmented Phillips Curve
Does the currency in circulation equal the annual production of goods and services?
How to work out Price with only the Derivative of Profit Function?
Is there an easy way to create academic looking tables in LaTeX from R econometric tests and models
How does hyperinflation affect investment?
Finding the demand function
Why don't governments mandate a wage decrease in recessions?
Second Price Auction - adjusting PDF for reservation price
Why are trade deficits considered unfair?
Cross elasticity of demand
Sustainable growth in the long run
What are the contents of "Recursive Macroeconomic Theory"
Maximization with disposable income
How does keeping the value of the dollar by foreign US bondholders makes their exports more affordable?
Ex-post vs Ex-ante Budget Balance in Auctions
How does one asses the impact of a proposed policy?
What do you call a system in which the payer is not the decision maker?
Impact of technology shock on hours worked in basic RBC model - short and long run with logarithmic preferences
Why Does National Data Usually Cite Average Income Rather than Median Income?
What is the reason of devaluation in Turkish Lira?
Is there a typo in Sims(2002) paper on solving linear expectations model?
Where to get realistic data for ABC-Costing in textile industry
Firm's profit max problem, in present value terms
Unusual perfect complements utility function min{ax+y, x+2y}
M1 Money supply data?
Rothschild-Stiglitz working paper?
Question on uncertainity
Characterising utilitarianism and altruism in economics
Compare utility functions
Money Metric Utility Function: Budget constraints become Utility Functions?
Growth in dividends will equal growth of earnings
3 Firm Stackelberg's Oligopoly Game
Market Value Changing in Response to News
Compound interest ($r$ in terms of $\frac{dA}{dt}$)
Capital accumulation
Why don't we transact with securities rather than fiat money?
Why can't we control for squares and quadratics of predicted values in regression?
Question about IM/LS model and aggregate demand/supply
Subjective theory of value applied to gross domestic product
Malaysia's national debt - who's correct?
Is there an economic interpretation of the production transformation function?
Repeated game with stage game has more than 1 NE
Trade in services between the US and China
Subset of Data in a gravity model
Pascali (2015) Natural Experiment
Heteroscedasticity and weighted least square estimator
what is the difference between microeconomics and microfinance?
Proof of DCF model by mathematical induction
Equilibrium income in Simple Keynesian Model
Explanation of Dynamic Programming "Guess and Verify" Technique
How to deal with potential output in the Sims (2002) framework?
What are the linearised equations for the flexible economy in Smets and Wouters (2007)?
Production set is closed and non-empty?
Analzying K-12 Education: Cost vs. Expenditure?
Where can I find data on market capitalization?
Forward rate discounts
Cournot Competition game with 3 Firms
When/Why would a country want to create its own currency?
Subgame Perfect Nash equilibrium: two stage game
Where can I find data on bilateral trade?
Use Lag Operator to find Lifetime Budget Constraint
Interpretation of the Cross Partials of the Cobb-Douglas
Policy rate and the mean of the stochastic discount factor: what is exogenous?
Utility Maximisation Subject to Income and Time Constraints
Research at the county-level: Macro or Micro?
a question on the endogenous growth model
A question about savings and investments
Does the linear probability model require the regressand to be zero/one-valued?
How are ties broken in a second price sealed bid auction?
How startup early valuation influence later funding stages?
Cleaning data for DSGE model estimation: An and Schorfheide (2007)
Comparing relative change for different base value
Why is national debt bad if the central bank can keep buying bonds?
Virtual valuation when the distribution is discrete
Deducing eq. (39) of Sims (2002)
A possible typo in Herbst and Schorfheide book of DSGE estimation
Demand curve confusion
Must a market-based economy constantly expand?
Real wage stagnation and union membership
Roosevelt’s Price Fixing in The Great Depression
Interest Rate and Foreign / Domestic Investment
How to find sequential equilibria and weak perfect bayesian equilibria quickly?
Effect of policies on Aggregate Demand.
Do we really need accurate utility functions?
When can we expect China to become a developed country?
Are stock exchanges market makers?
Should housing be considered a form of capital for the purpose of capital gains taxation?
How should the general public evaluate economic arguments?
Natural borrowing/debt limit and other borrowing constraints
When do firms pursue the cost minimization objective instead of profit maximization? Are there any intuitive/practical examples/reasons?
Why does capital initially reduce and then rise with an anticipated future decrease in taxes in the RCK model?
Electric Vehicle effects on family and macro-economics?
Concentration Measures
Simple Regression With Dummy Variable
Regarding the assumption of Classical Linear Regression Model
Relation between growth rate of GDP and real interest rate for sustainable debt-to-GDP ratio
How is "opportunity cost" an useful concept? Even when it does exist?
How would you call a market for kidney donors and recipients?
Algebraic demand curve in a perfectly competitive market for a firm
Finding the optimal tax
Understanding Gorman Polar Form
How to calculate the optimal wage and the optimal rent on capital in an economic model?
Question on consumption theory
Question on profit maximization with government taxation
Simultaneous Equation Models for Estimating Demand for a Good
Location game between 3 firms
Easy introduction to Heckscher-Ohlin model
Prove all cost functions are concave in input prices and demand for inputs is downward
How does changing the Bank of England base rate work?
Summary data on venture capital
Deriving Single Good Demand Curve
Pure exchange economy with free and non-free disposal
Why do anti-trust regulators in China need to approve NXP's takeover?
How to determine the default probability of a county in a bond that is not in its native currency?
Solow growth model deriving solutions
Expansionary monetary policy in case of Pigou effect
Relative risk aversion, a property of period or lifetime utility
Fixed Effects Interpetation
Why doesn't the concept of employee engagement work in practice?
Labour Market: simple macroeconomic modeling
Does Household final consumption Expenditure include Consumption expenditure of Imported Goods
Consumption based asset pricing book with Epstein-Zin(-Weil)
Does labor mobility create a certain type of market failure?
Ad-driven skills gap?
Is there any specific distribution that is recommended for modelling individual income?
What do interest rates tell us about the state of an economy?
intuitive interpretation of the marginal return/productivity of capital being less than one
Equation: If the equilibrium level of GDP is $21,500, what is the marginal propensity to consume?
Excessive entry without fixed costs
What at all justifies income taxes (as opposed to sales taxes only)?
How can I determine if a token economic is viable?
Subgame perfect equilibrium and expected profit
Bertrand game - Nash equilibrium
Understanding the linear expenditure system
Quantity supplied & demanded equation with tax
Emerging Market dollar debt, FX swaps and exchange rate risks
Stackelberg setup
what does historical volatility explain?
how to test endogeneity in a cross section data?
Production choices in Hayek's theory of information-bearing prices
Futures delivery price
Why are many railroad rights-of-way held in easement rather than in fee simple?
Consumer theory with lump sum fee
Balance of activities
Should mean wages increase with inflation?
What portion of our annual deficit is financed by bonds?
Profit maximization and allocative efficiency result
implied volatility, how to get parameters?
Adaptation of new keynesian model
What is the easiest and cheapest way to store big money with option to any moment get then in cash?
Quarterly GDP growth: YoY vs QoQ / terminology
Two-sided market and bargaining game
Why (Im) is gross(before personal tax-BPT) rate of return(ROR) by saver?It should be net ROR & APT, as SS' curve is after personal tax is imposed
Maximization under two different states of the world
Continuation value versus utility in asset pricing
Panel econometrics for marketing mix analysis: how to include spending that affects all the individuals of a panel?
When does gambling reduce risk?
Getting a Paper Published
Relevance of government liabilities to GDP
Retaliating against a foreign country's import tariffs
Why is everyone suggested to specialize their education?
Inclusion of firms on the efficient frontier of a Production Possibility Set
Why do exports include only hard products?
What would happen if corporations can only make a maximum profit of 10% per product
Marxist Economics: Understanding Capitalist Exploitation through "speed up" or increase in intensity
Charging a minimum increment on the second price in online advertising auctions
Effect of money supply on price level
Model of sales of a new product
Are white collar workers the blue collar workers of the future?
Is choosing an investment by a bank only due to its regulatory capital charge a form of moral hazard?
Does savings lead to investment in physical capital?
Find all of the Pure and Mixed Strategy Nash Equilibria
Discount function
Beta delta Agent - Consumption decision
Aggregating in a Continuum
Lack of skilled IT workforce, but they do not raise wages
Market Power in microeconomic theory
What is the size of European SMEs in case of money flow and revenue?
Effect of risk premium on the money demand (LM curve)
best books about GDP
US unemployment data release date
Marxist Economics: Contradicting Definitions of Capital Intensity?
Understanding the law of supply
Question on money supply related to new crypto project
What does Marx mean by "the division between capital and labor"?
Markets that are linked to options prices
Preferences over lotteries
What would be the effect on the economy if the United States legalized counterfeiting?
An index of the The Economist's Schools Brief series
How to derive the measurement equation for the state-space representation of a DSGE model?
Diff-in-diff: Handling correlations within group-level treatment using microdata
Will periodical increasing and decreasing cryptocurrency supply peg cryptocurrency to dollar effectivelly?
Criticism of Math in Economics
What accounts for the high GDP of the United States?
Did I calculate the expected value and the variance correctly?
Are slacks the same as mix-inefficiency?
Use of DSGE models for the day-to-day government policy decisions? If no - then what are obstacles?
Improve my solution: Question on solow model
Reading list for physics undergrad who'd like to cover the economics related to the hedge fund/ private equity field
Solow model golden rule with my exact answer
just economic interpretation: Is every steady state a golden rule steady state?
Would it be appropriate to include state level variable with MSA model?
If house prices appreciate, why do developers sell them?
preference relations
Walras's Law V.S Say's Law- Is there a difference?
Why would the rich care about the poor's overinvestment in riskier investments?
finding the returns to scale of a production function
Why is every action considered to be in the support while calculating mixed strategy equilibrium?
2SLS with endogenous interaction terms
Auction mechanism with no trusted third-party
How Switzerland has significantly high cost of living as compared to its neighboring countries?
Are US-branded products manufactured in China considered Chinese?
How does domestic demand affect the domestic currency's value
Keynesian model: large and small economies equilibrium
Do Chinese tariffs on American goods make them more expensive to American consumers?
Fixed Effects Variation
what is the project monitoring and impact analysis(PMIE)?
Low capitalist savings rates
Signaling questions (separating equilibrium)
Is there a theoretical basis for any popular income- or wealth-distribution model?
Does credit really help an economy?
Do conceptual ideas that become standardised ever make money?
Education Spending Ratio
Burdett and Mortensen (1998), Equation (22), Integral by parts question
When to invest into additional products?
First Price Auction with Reserve Price
how to measure the funding liquidity, i.e., equivalent U.S. TED spread, in the Australian market?
Discrete choice model without outside option?
Free market vs high income
Do the efficiency savings of mergers indicate a type of waste or inefficiency in a market?
extremum Estimator (possibly tobit?)
Effects of tariffs on compamy
Does immigration help to sustain welfare in rich European countries?
Consumer preferences and government spending
Insurance question: need a brief explanation
What actually is aggregate demand?
Would a very cheap renewable energy source be harmful economically?
Are Tariffs Refundable?
Macroeconomics 101 Problem: Aggregate Demand Changes
What is economics?
Marginal propensity to consume and multiplier effect
Why do different countries have different currency ? Why not there are different currencies for each 10-20 kilometers?
How does this demand function satisfy the Weak axiom if it doesnt satisfy the necessary and sufficient conditions?
backshift operator in time series confusion
How net capital outflow = net exports?
Why don't most of the highly educated people in poorer part of Europe migrate to the Western part?
MICROECONOMICS: Optimal quantity produced in a Perfect Competition Market
Post Brexit Referendum employment theory
What does the Leontief Inverse represent? (Intuitive Meaning or Real World Concept)
What is excess demand/ excess supply?
Using an elasticity to evaluate changes in a dependent variable
Optimal Time-Consistent Fiscal Policy with Finite Lifetimes
Straffin, P. D. (1993): Game Theory and Strategy. How is the security level on p. 103 calculated?
Why is the equilibrium price not anything between \$0 and \$200?
Devising a model for inflation for a closed points system
What can explain increasing exports after default episodes?
Return on Capital Invested - what to include in 'capital employed'
Can all the regressors be endogenous in a given model?
Is inflation a lack of production?
Why not say the buyer will *definitely* buy at price X?
What could happen if a country changes their currency rate constantly?
Is there any mechanism to prevent tariff 'exile'?
Construct utility function for a risk-averse agent
Daily stock data request
Consumer preference and price in the Cobb-Douglas function
Regression on derived consumer preference
Is the trade deficit driven by lack of domestic savings?
Technical Analysts and Econometricians: A Question on Methods
Long-,short-term interest rates and inflation
Data Source on US Wage Earnings
The term "Most Favoured Nation" is misleading to me. Please explain
Why do many economists believe that money is neutral in the long run?
When is an OLS parameter unchanged on a subsample?
Assumptions of Ramsey Cass Model
Inflation, Monetarism and Keynesianism
What are the advantages and disadvantages to a country's people when the national currency is the world's reserve currency?
Does only "supply/demand" rule justify different prices for a digital good?
Unemployment Rate Volatility
When can a person be called rich?
Is quadratic voting efficient in multiple winner elections?
Why do ONLY Indian staffing/"consulting" bodyshops flood the US job market?
Difficulty in an economics' optimization problem using Kuhn-Tucker conditions (interpretation difficulty)
Nominal Growth rate above Nominal Interest Rate
The use of preference relations in choice theory and the $\succsim$ symbol
How much is an asset worth that produces a constant income?
Perpetual Youth Model
Claiming that food delivery apps are purely rent extraction
How do I calculate bad debt on revolving credit?
How do I calculate the amount of money I get from an investor and the percentage I give him in return?
With whom does the US have the largest deficit using the trade in value-added (TiVA) methodology?
Why is the Free Rider Problem a problem?
Is a social choice aggregation rule defined for a set of weightings over the set of voters (N)?
Are Investments positively or negatively correlated with interest rate
Nested CES Production Function
Dummy variable regressor OLS coefficient formula
Is Debt Monetization Equivalent to transferring money from rich to poor?
Finding savings in an Overlapping Generations model
Tariff long term effects
Price Derivation in a Production Function
Is the utility of money *actually* logarithmic?
Pareto-optimal allocations in the Edgeworth box
Why does instrument exogeneity imply conditional mean zero?
Articles about the economics of non-compete contracts
Effect on Large Company on Redistributing Profit from Shareholder to Employees
Why is a Normal Yield Curve a sign of a healthy economy?
How is currency depreciation related to import tariffs?
Difference between the minimum selling price and the actual selling price
Daily variable for inflation
Why do central banks print money?
Economic history/geography of the UK (1960-today)
Research community around logistics micro-economic topics?
Sum of residuals and Matrix calculus (step by step)
Contribution by each factor
Why does the government need to control interest rates?
Does accumulation of fiat currency cause instability?
Is Iphone included in tariffs?
when a=0, would economy accumulate more physical capital? Why?
Supplier offers "Price Protection Tariff" w/o exit fees, and more expensive Variable Price tariff. Does that mean it is betting on the price falling?
Pareto efficient allocation and core allocation in 2 person exchange economy with discontinuous utility
Should publishers of scientific papers such as Elsevier be regulated by the government?
How is bartering (goods for goods) conceptually related to trading (goods for money) and monetary (money for money) exchange?
Will the market for driverless cars move toward a monopoly?
Is it possible to have transferable utility in non-cooperative games?
Difference between multinomial logit and conditional logit
Laffer curve in one period economy
Zero-sum games being converted into positive-sum games
Why is the stock market always rising?
How Africans use their wages?
Solving differential equation in The Economics of Superstar (by Rosen)
Income gap in Ramsey model
Supply Deman Equilibrium
Does mathematical education imply a better salary?
General Equilibrium with Linear Production
Ramsey growth model - per capita vs aggregate variables
modelling disutility from over consumption
Why does supply equal demand?
A maximization program expressed by per capita variales - Ramsey model
Is there an economic theory that explains what happens when a market is saturated with a precious resource?
2 firms production decision for one agent
Including definite integrals inside definite integrals - Crossposted from MathSE
Utility and consumption tax
prove that $M_xM_1 = ?$
A few questions in paper Chong 2007
What are some examples of indirect mechanisms that are not auctions?
Do mechanisms always result in a series of strategic games being played out?
How does the cost of switching over to green energy compare to the cost of the war in Iraq?
What policies are in place to police financial speculation in the modern era?
What is a good way to generate realistic utility curves?
Cons of printing more money but not injecting in the system directly
Question related to conjoint analysis
who is responsible as international court to solve economic conflicts between countries and is it obligatory?
Printing Money vs. Issuing International Bonds
Anti Piketty Confusing Movement Along Demand Curve with Shift
Lagrangian: when to discount budget constraint?
Gelman and Hill's Data on Effects of Child Support Enforcement
Group-level random effect correlated with within-group independent variable
Two Endogenous Variables and Two Instruments
Are there any countries in which post-dated cheques are commonly used in trade?
Why is the law of diminishing marginal returns justified?
Is it possible to quantify & cost the ideological obstruction to climate change?
Empirical means of discerning "economy" and "bubble"
Quasiconcavity and homogeneity
Why do firms losing money almost always reduce labor costs via layoffs instead of pay cuts?
What are the arguments for banning insider trading?
What does it mean if country X has a higher GDP at Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) than country Y?
Empiric evidence of abundance and post-scarcity either transition to it?
When does an economic theory become true?
How much did it 'cost' slave-owning nations to emancipate the slaves as a percentage of GDP?
Is health care equal in the emergancy room?
Has any research found that automation will decrease inequality?
Why do you typically have to pay for use of the washing machines while other amenities are free?
Explain some All countries excluding residents in BIS Debt Securities Data
How are rotation matrices used in structural VAR identification through sign restrictions?
Yield curve and cash rate (multiple choice)
Euler's Theorem
General Results on First or Second Mover Advantage?
Is there an income inequality metric which also considers the total income?
Market Theory: Upper limit of capital/weatlth accumulation?
When Does a Country's External Debt Become a Problem?
Lucas Critique and RE: Did one arrive before the other?
Terminal and annual surplus distribution in participating life insurance
What will happen to the world economy if the price of oil/Coal/natural gas/electricity and all energy sources drops to lowest?
Devaluation of Venezuelan Bolívar - Will it increase or fight hyperinflation?
How can countries be in so much debt?
Venezuela Petro Cryptocurrency
Why can't countries immediately stop the deficit?
Open Foundational Problems in Mathematical Economics
Reliable US yearly population and netmigration estimates by state from 1970 up to today
How can protectionist policies keep wages low?
labor share and growth
Which part of the market value a thief can expect to get for the stolen item?
Weierstrass Theorem in Optimization
Syndicated Loans Terminology - Borrower & Sponsor
What is the point of a constant (thus known) inflation rate?
Are there any experiments about financial games with just one player?
Models of a Planned Economy
How to add a third factor of production to a static CGE-Model in gEcon
Insect farming as future of protein nutrition: reality check
Understanding the use case of farming crickets in developed countries
When is self-selection a problem? Mincer equation
Short run Aggregate supply curve is horizontal or positively sloped?
How can you model/simulate the price/value of a good?
Urgent answer needed!
Is Bill Gates wrong about supply demand curves?
Are there empirical studies that quantify shoe-leather or menu costs?
Why a non-autonomous increase in aggregate demand will not trigger muliplier effect?
Empirical implementation of Milbourne et al's 2003 model of growth for time series data
Publishing fixed and random effects in one model
Can the Fed raise the M1 money supply permanently w/o helicopter money?
GDP Calculation and treatment of Personal Savings
How does the dollar value of all bitcoin compare with the total cost of the electricity required to generate it?
Energy Costs by Source over Time
Common sense of economics as reflected in proverbs
Why slope is constant in demand/supply curve?
Simplest model of an economy exhibiting (hyper)inflation
Consumer Utility Maximization equivalent of economies of scope
Does the political claim "will create X jobs" have an economic definition?
revealed preference given an uncertain environment?
Can the CPIH be used to find the real terms rise in price of a component of the basket of goods?
Separation of base and momentum effect
Does it make economic sense for only some universities in a certain area to pay their sports scholars?
How is marginal benefit measured?
Understanding Boserup's theories on food and overpopulation
Purpose of Semidefinite Integral
Is Myerson's Lemma valid for piecewise linear allocation functions?
What is the Thomson Reuters tool that is used in universities?
Does fiat currency disprove labor theory?
On trade, What justificaion does the USA have to accuse China of 'selling too much not buying enough from USA'
Prove that in presence of many goods, the law of DMRS implies that at least one good must be a net substitute for any other good
Decision over "max" production function:
Efficient social allocation awards item to the highest valuer in a sponsored search auction. Whom is it optimal for?
What econometrics book or textbook should I use?
Why can't the Land-Value Tax (in some cases) be passed on to tenants?
Labor time and the exchange value (Marx). What about the quality of the raw materials?
How to engineer the economic system, so that an individuals self interest leads to fulfilling collective interest
How important is "second best optimum" for the modelling and formulation of policy advice?
Why are second price auctions preferred if they don't maximize expected revenue?
Interpretation of Interesting Utility Function
Weighted voting: Vote of representative weighted by number of election votes
Is Cobb-Douglas the only output function corresponding to a competitive economy?
Why would a rise in the discount rate stop foreign gold drain and make banks fail?
A Question About The Laws Of Demand
How saving and investment influence growth in the long run?
How should I calculate bulk selling price for a small business?
Why was the term 'Economic Rent' chosen? How does it relate to the ordinary meaning of 'rent'?
Explanation Rational Expectations
Intuition behind Real Money Demand and Real Money Supply
Why don't economists recommend voluntary childlessness to fight poverty?
preference relations and monotonic transformations of utillity functions
advanced mathematical treatement of revealed preference and utility theory?
The economics of continually selling a product for under its market value?
Lexicographic Preference Relation on the QxR
Law Of Variable Proportions
Value of companies with circular ownership
separable utility function and cross price effect
What are the identification problems in measuring peer effects?
How to understand the USDA Demand/Supply report ?
Using capacity share instead of quantity market share in demand estimation (BLP)
Efficient revealed preference check of whether two preferences over lotteries are the same?
Why is the expected value conditional on the trade taking place in an adverse selection problem?
On what does currency value depend
Finding Optimal Consumption Bundle
How to calculate income and substitution effect when equal marginal principle is violated
Is the world economy highly-dependent on the United States of America?
Game Theory; Finding the Nash Equilibria
intertemporal utility maximisation
Optimal basket and the maximum utility
Slutsky Decomposition from Indirect Utility Function
Mean vs. variance - which is dominant?
Help needed to understand proof in Myerson and Satterthwaite (1983)
Empirical estimates of beta for Mean-variance model
When can one read the general theory of employment,interest and money?
China - US Trade War: Holes in this analogy?
quasiconcave vs convex function
Continuous function in microeconomics
Demand Curve Equation Explanation
what is the most comprehensive History of Economic Thought book for an undergrad?
how to find whether trade is possible between two nations
Solving a Cournot Equilibrium, the case of Q=q1+q2, Q(q1,q2)=q1+q2
Show that the dividend price ratio is a ARMA(p, q) process
Why does the EU need a clearing centre to circumvent US sanctions against Iran?
How likely are the Sonnenschein-Mantel-Debreu results?
Empirical explanation on divergence between productivity and wages since the 70s
AR(p) with white noise error term -- always covariance stationary?
Is this Cost function concave or convex?
Literature on the effects of third-party certification on industrial dynamics?
Any examples of non-parallelism making Diff-in-Diff estimation biased?
Mean Field/Differential Game and Measurability
How is job creation measured?
Non-axiomatic definition of well-being
Is it true that the U.S has to run a chronic trade deficit with the rest of the world as a price to pay for being the world's reserve currency?
Monopoly equilibrium with a completely inelastic demand
Where can I get national debt data?
What is a digital platform?
What does liberal economic theory say about monopolies?
Panel Data and Forecasting
Can we get rid of banknotes and coins?
Why can two functions represent the same preferences?
What is an unconditional model for a time series variable?
What's a product that historically has always had the same value, and probably will in the future?
Examples of Covariance Stationary Time Series
Is WARP the same of consistent choice?
hicksian demand of perfect complements
How would a "one-way" fixed exchange rate backed by destroying foreign currency work?
How does elasticity impact market efficiency?
Applications of Pure Mathematics in Economics
A question about Lagrange multiplier(when $\lambda=0$)
How are robocallers able to make international calls profitable?
How do Marxists account for fiat money?
How is it that Apple is paying no taxes in New Zealand?
Wages, capital: Substitution and Output Effects
Why can an increase in inflation rate, increase interest rates?
Why would higher expected inflation increase corporate earnings and dividends' rate of increase?
Is there a game that cannot be represented by a game tree?
Rationale for discounting
I can't find (lny-lny0)/t meaning
What would an investment bank have to gain by warning of an impending financial crisis?
Afriat's number
Solow Model - criticism of Harrod model
Help with undergrad econometric project
What is Return to Consumption Asset
tariffs and inflation
Monopsony diagram curves
Elasticity of Substitution between 2 factors, without knowing relative prices
What is the relation between probability of default and country's interest rates?
How does the money supply grow in the long term?
How to interpret Mincer equation coefficients
What does it mean when someone says “2 trillion wiped off markets”?
What is the “entry price” in relation to tariffs?
Is it correct to say that import tariffs are unilateral?
real exchange rate appreciation
Why do wash traders need 'a broker's broker'?
Who pays wash traders' transaction costs?
Why can anyone buy insurance of an, without owning the, underlying asset?
How can markets can be highly efficient, even if they make errors?
Why wouldn't an arbitrageur who shorts an overpriced security, and longs a substitute company, break even?
Why will the holder of a broad-based index fund, by definition, achieve the average return for the market?
Investor's optimization problem with risk aversion
Revealed preference if we know that the decisionmaker is rational?
Demand Elasticity, Factor Substitution: Independent?
Does National Savings equal zero in a closed economy? Please give an economic intuition
Ruling out boundary solutions in Utility Maximization
How inflationary is progressive taxation?
Running ols when dependent variable is correlation coefficient
Concave utility functions corner solution explanation
Deriving equation for income offer curve
How does government spending on imported goods affect GDP?
If $\succsim$ is transitive but irreflexive, then it is asymmetric, proof
Can aggregate risk to the economy be insured, and how?
Yield curve flattening- abstract question
How are final stock prices arrived at?
Doubt about equivalence relation
Causal effect of population growth on GDP per capita increase
How large is the Underground Economy in the U.S
Income Elasticity and Convexity of Demand in Income
Crude oil price changing factors
Why in maximization in OLG model with 1 generations we assume that both consumptions are positive?
Why hyper-inflation?
Deriving average productivity from a CES production function
Why do we say the US is in debt to China?
influence of growing foreign demand for local products on the net exports in a fixed exchange rate regime
Well-informed citizen can contribute better to country's economy?
How does imposing 100 percent cash margin requirement on imports help to stabilize foreign exchange reserves of a country?
How can the number of hairdressers in the UK be up 50% since 2010?
Can't a country grow its GDP without foreign investment?
What does a stock market index stand for?
Completeness from an example
Why CPI differs so much from consumption deflator?
Comparative statics question with an application
Proving the existence of Nash Equilibrium using alternate approaches
Translog cost function
Regarding the group formation in an oil-price experiment
Is free trade transitive?
What is the definition of distributionally neutral tax?
Anscombe and Auman Expected Utility
Minimum sample size for cross-sectional RDD
How printed money gets to the commercial banks?
Can marginal revenue be increasing?
'Taxes less subsidies' included in income approach of GDP
Where the money from QE goes
Tax system is progressive or regressive
What is the concept of ordinal utility?
Does $U(x,y) = x^2 + y^2 + 2xy$ represent transitive, monotonic preferences?
Buying locally vs abroad
What are some good advanced level textbooks on public economics?
Expenditure minimization with Leontief utility
Question on Open Market Operations
Why does the retiree to contributor ratio matter when discussing the solvency of Social Security?
Existence of maximum utility with two bads
Is there any reason deflation would reduce profits?
Utility function that generates a demand curve which will have an U shaped MR curve
Proof that utility is nonincreasing in prices
How did old international loans work?
Slutsky equation with marshallian demand
gravity regressions with firm-level data
Cross price elasticity of demand vs Price elasticity of demand
The relationship between indirect utility and expenditure functions
Income effect $-\frac{\partial x_i}{\partial m} x_i$ or $\frac{\partial x_i}{\partial m}x_i$?
Find optimal price from demand function?
Supply curve when the marginal cost is zero
Prove that $u$ is a utility function for $\succsim$
Calculating income and substitution effects
How to extrapolate nominal GDP figures from year to another?
Hours worked increases with wage
Can there be a sample such that SRF and PRF do not intersect?
Quasi-linear Optimal Consumption Bundle
The connection between risk and the quality of investment decision
How to prove if production set Y satisfies free-disposal and CR of scale, then Y is convex, when there are only 2 commodities
What are the drivers of the price of land?
Central Bank Balance Sheets and foreign bonds
Should we get rid of the Penny?
Cost-push inflation and labour shortage
All-Pay Auction Mixed Strategy Equilibrium
Market for lemons derivation
Who owns state bonds?
How much to earn to break-even throughout life
Why are future expenses considered less costly than expenses in the present?
Is there any formal definition of a relationship between resource availability and demand?
Existing metrics for amounts of leverage used in financial sector
Proof that EV = CV when there is no income effect
Is "$f(k,l)$ is decreasing return to scale $\Leftrightarrow f_{ll}f_{kk}-f_{kl}^2>0$" always true?
Exercise where lagrangian is needed?
Car prices haven't changed in 20 years, no inflation?
Market demand independent of distribution of income
Why is entrepreneurship a factor of production?
Difference between "Level" and "Flow" in the Z.1 Fed data
J Curve and DD Schedule in the Short Run (International Finance)
Total factor productivity and revenue
Can a continuous preference be represented by a discountinuous function?
Exchange Rate Determination
When demand increases why does the price decrease but equilibrium price increase?
Financing of Current Account Deficit
Money supply and Capital Flows
Effect of Modified Utility Function on Initial and End Values of Capital, Labor and Production
Understanding interest rates
Profit maximization and returns to scale relation
Does the phenomenon of 4th industrial revolution require new econometric model, or the DSGE models can accomodate it?
need help from theorists: proof in Cole, Mailath, and Postlewaite (2001)
Will there be any significant impact if oil was priced/traded in another currency other than USD?
Whats the difference between local non-satiation and monotonicity?
Utility Function Implies Consumption of Not All Goods
Cournot duopoly with differing costs
Augmented Gravity Model
What determines a new cryptocurrency's initial value?
What is the name for a market where everyone is basically selling the same thing?
Automation of macroeconomic modelling (DSGE modelling)
What are "the fundamental categories of economics"?
Why can Iceland setup and maintain a single-payer system but Vermont can't?
Flooding the real estate market with luxury homes: will average prices rise or fall?
Fixed-income investment in a low interest-rate environment
Why don't banks just buy m0 and create unlimited loans?
Why doesn't the central bank extend loans directly?
not following a step in a paper on rational expectations
Calculate optimal discount for product bundling
Why Certainity Eqivalence in PIH only holds for quadratic utilities
Economics of clubs(sport gym, language course, etc)
Linear Regression Assumptions of Homoskedasticity
Why don't we mint more m0 instead of creating m1 through fractional reserve banking?
Kőszegi - Rabin (2006) model problem
How do I find optimal price or maximise profit in a monopolistic market?
For a certain good, if there is a one-time fixed cost for a consumer to switch to a different firm, then this good is?
Why would a politician sollicit foreign investors to come and buy real estate?
why is I included as part of GDP?
What's a « 1-Ratio» ? From a text on Capital's share of GDP
Showing marginal product of capital is independent of the scale of production
Unsure how to go about computing GDP for the following problem
Data Set of Bourguignon and Morrison 2002 AER
Can the USA really have an exchange rate policy?
How do I solve this Game Theory Bargaining problem?
In Blackwell's condition for T to be a contraction mapping, we require that satisfies discounting. What is the intuition of discounting?
Negative growth rate with positive job growth
Can A/B be a better variable than separate A, B in linear regression?
Coming up with a Research Topic for Undergraduate Paper
Why use marginal rather than average tax rates in incentive analysis?
Can banks buy stocks?
Price elasticity on comparison website. How to calculate price elasticity using the coefficient of the products position on site?
Cholesky Decomposition in R package "vars"
Convexity of profit function
Ausubel (2004) auction, any implementation?
Would capitalism without banks work?
Unrestricted domain vs complete
Vertical Marginal Cost curves
Derive the cost function and supply function from production function
Main assumptions when discussiong what effect that a Turkish recession will have on EU GDP
Lagrangian multiplier
Why do companies sit on cash while they have debt?
Why stochastic dominance is "stochastic"?
How is the GDP growing when nothing else seems to be?
Who performs the checks for regulatory compliance at trade borders?
Calculating standard error
What happens in a bartering system when a resource is plentiful but cannot be paid for?
Do price controls increase competition?
What does it mean to have a strictly increasing transformation in consumer theory?
What does irrationality mean under the notion of revealed preferences? An example with terrorism.
Marshallian demand with Leontif preferences
Is there any reason deflation would reduce profit?
Why is Pareto efficiency not always equitable or equilibrium?
How can intermediate goods and final goods be differentiated?
Can measures of "efficiency" be objective?
Turning points in a regression STATA
Can $u(x) = \sqrt{x_1 x_2} + \sqrt{x_3 x_4}$ be solved by Kuhn–Tucker conditions?
The "permanent portfolio" content
Convexity of indifference curve
Evolution of GDP to debt ratio
Helping in understaing new Pesaran and Timmermann test (and R code validation)
study methods for first year phd courses in econ
How do tariffs work?
How does the economy of a city work?
What are key economic mechanisms explaining long term damage during Great Recession
Asymptotic variance under heteroskedasticity
Can we see the computer age in the productivity statistics?
Do banks pay each other from their reserves?
Does a tighter spread between occupancy and stabilized occupancy indicate higher demand?
Three stage two player signalling game, pooling equilbrium
Why does a homothetic function have constant ratio of marginal products along rays?
Does Preference have a Hierarchy? A Silly Question
If a currency is pegged to another currency which collapses, what happens?
Difference between Giffen and inferior goods. Why aren't all inferior goods Giffen goods?
financial crisis '08: what is it meant by the banks were saved by the states?
Simple mortgage portfolio amortization
Why does raising interest rates work?
How do I measure effects over years in panel data with individuals?
What is the Canonical Metric for Investment? (U.S.)
How can perfectly competitive firms earn zero profits?
Price and cross price Elasticity of demand
Is it right to derive social marginal benefit by adding individual prices instead of quantities?
If price increases and quantity remains the same can we infer that demand is perfectly inelastic?
Maximizing a Cobb-Douglas Function
falling household savings
How to show average cost is falling if we have IRTS
What is virtual valuation?
Why is the appropriation for basic education in South Africa's MTBPS so low?
Find a subgame perfect equilibrium and a Nash equilibrium
Lecture note recommendations for the endogenous growth model (EGM)
Income and substitution effect for perfect substitutes
Synonyms for One-to-One Matching Mechanisms
How does printing money cause inflation?
How are the price signals of stocks in the stock market centralized?
Is Marginal Revenue not always equal to the price?
How to draw the indifference curves for
What is the monotone hazard rate assumption used for?
In perfect competition, why is there economic loss if marginal cost > marginal revenue?
Will BRICS countries be the leading innovation countries 20 years from now?
Sunk cost fallacy- is it a bug or a feature?
Approximating common knowledge with common beliefs (Monderer and Samet, 1989)
Yield To Maturity exact meaning
CEO Compensation in Banking Data
Assumptions for the existence of a Walrasian equilibrium
Black-Scholes Model question
Evaluate value added of a company
Economics PhD graduate?
How does "Survival of the Fittest" result in Rosetta Stone's economic success?
GDP (Is this a part of GDP Calculation)?
Homogenous production function
What does it mean to "print money"?
What is the difference between solving for utility maximization separately or aggregately?
Competitive Market - Production & Number of Firms
Showing that a market model has arbitrage and describing martingales
Necessary conditions for the existence of a competitive equilibirum
What are the issues with currencies backed by commodities?
Strongly and strictly increasing utility functions
Linking top-down and bottom-up models for analyzing electricity price-based demand response: Expenditure constraint is violated?
Three consumers three goods competitive equilibrium
Does omitted variable bias 'contaminate' coefficients for regressors not correlated with the omitted variable?
If interest rate increases and consumption in the present increases, is present consumption a normal good?
Is utility in neoclassical economics a circular argument/concept?
Blocking Coalitions
The Effects of Demonetisation
Wealth Creation: Where does the money come from?
Diamond OLG model: Understanding Dynamic Inefficiency
Did the word "than" mean something different in The Wealth of Nations?
Bond prices and Brexit
Pareto Optimality of Endowments
Why do stricter emission limits cost jobs?
How do central banks earn profit?
Do all OLG models posess the possiblity of dynamic inefficiency?
What is the maximum number of characters in a currency symbol?
Can implicit costs be negative?
Can one single payment contain multiple Merchant Category Codes (MCC)?
Why don't we draw National Income Curve(45 deg. line) simultaneously with graph for Saving Function?
What is the difference between Margin and Markup?
Name of a certain economic fallacy
Archimedean but not mixture continuous
Why can't saving be equal to income?
Can Autonomous Consumption be Greater than Income of individual?
Calculate power for multiple rounds of public goods experiment
Why doesn't Aggregate Demand mean National Income whereas Aggregate supply is equal to national income?
Question on shifts in Supply and Demand Curves
Two formulations of the continuity axiom in Expected Utility Theory
Finding individual utility
Is the definition of Investment variable in Economics?
How can I show whether the following function is Increasing, Decreasing, or Constant returns to scale?
Bond pricing, compute YTM ... why t not = 2?
Do consumers also invest?
Can the endowment point be the competitive equilibrium?
Why do we consider purchase of house by households as investment?
How can Factor Income paid to abroad be negative?
What is Application of Vector Algebra in Economics?
Collapse of Lehman Brothers: What did they have in their books?
Change in money supply
Expectation conditional on a sum of random variables
Why do bonds pay back the entire principal at maturity instead of paying it off gradually?
Breaking Up The Big Banks
Why is the price of books set by the manufacturer rather than the distributor?
Perfect Bayesian Equilibria
Bond pricing, why t=3?
What is a Labor Rate Index
Are there internationally published sources of trade sanctions?
Why not 2cov in this question?
How is employment related to aggregate demand and aggregate supply?
How is Aggregate Supply(Willing) equal to National Income(Actual)?
How do we determine if wealth will be created or destroyed (and how much) when we want to provide (quasi)public goods?
Whats the rationale for using taylor series in economics?
Is it possible to commodify the State?
Is it possible to imagine humanity without a modern understanding of money?
Proof for homogeneity of elasticities
How is there full employment level at equilibrium level according to Keynesian theory(AD-AS approach)?
Calculating the elasticity of substitution between factors of production
If the consumer is not a price taker, does she still set marginal rate of substitution equal to the price ratio?
Marginal Product and Average product
Buyer's efficiency in auctions
Am i correct here? #greenTaxes #priceMechanism #inefficientTax #DeadweightLoss
Can infrastructure costs be covered by taxes on flat sales/rents?
annualized quarterly growth rate calculating
Question about the "No Dictator" Criterion in Arrow's Impossibility Theorem
Theories that complement/contradict prospect theory?
Bank Runs During the 1930s
Diminishing MRTS range
Explaining fluctuations in inflation rate
Why does a reduction in money demand lead to a rightward shift in the LM curve?
What are 'Symmetric Agents' vs. 'Asymmetric Agents'?
proof verification in George J. Mailath and Andrew Postlewaite (2001b)
Real exchange rate
Use of Normal distribution in financial simulations
Proof of Expected utility theorem with three outcomes
Plim of ols estimator
Nash equilibrium two players in a joint effortful project
real exchange rate formula doubt
Theory of Optimal Currency Areas
Any interior solution for $u(x,y) = min\left \{ x,y \right \}^{2} + max\left \{ x,y \right \}$?
Second order partial derivative and cross second-order partial derivative
Capital Flight and Interest Rates
What does steady state mean?
Macroeconomic models with labor-replacing capital?
Understanding Classical Rationality at a Basic Level
Which countries impose family income taxation?
Is the CES a special case of the translog production function?
Intepretation of $dC_1=-\theta(dT_1+\frac{dT_2}{1+r})=0\Longleftrightarrow dT_1=-\frac{dT_2}{1+r}$?
Does open source software contribute to GDP?
Paying for imports
How does private benefit exceed social benefit?
Majority Rule and Single Peakedness
Determining Another Possibility For a Microeconomics Question
Central bank selling foreign securities
World economy and world trade
Profit maximization problem using linear regression (pooled OLS)
General Equilibrium Involving Production
Imperfect Price Discrimination profit per group
S=I in a closed economy
Existence of 'best' and 'worst' lottery
IS-LM , Eurozone and Interest Rate Parity
2 versions of the koyck distributed lag
Is there a correlation between pharmaceutical prices and drug dealers?
How does social cost and social benefit work?
Problem finding Demand Function
How to calculate marginal utility with two goods?
Does Pascal's Wager fail archimedean property?
The Difference between investment and savings in CA identity
Why is there a stochastic discount factor in firms present value?
Why are we using exp(.) as the functional form in the household maximization problem inside the RCK model?
equality between 2 operations using mean
Military expenditure over time
What am I doing wrong in the derivation of Bass diffusion model?
Calculating Market Concentration without sales data
Statistical Learning and Econometrics
Can I recreate an experiment on Allais paradox using student grades as payoffs?
Validity condition for Instrumental Variables
Is there a super term for goods/products and services?
Best financial model to proportionally distribute the company's income to all employees?
Why do many countries hoard gold bars?
What is value in the context of microeconomic analys for case of monopoly profit maximization
Isn't it the case that figures on employment should equal the sum of employees plus the self-employed?
Why is the ten year interest rate lower for Spain/UK bonds than for US?
Are direct mechanisms always truthful?
Deaton's AIDS/QAIDS model
What data/factors/attributes do the professionals monitor in a top-down analysis on the macroeconomics?
derivation of pigou taxes in multiple polluter case
Controlling for a variable in OLS - Stratification and Reaggregation. Simple Example
Monetary economics: What is the causality between nominal and real interest rates?
Bond prices and Trade deficit
A question about a derivation in Gali's Monetary Policy book
Advance Microeconomics
Has Facebook considered a system of micro payments to pay users for the work they do in improving their Facebook?
To the following data, what kind of econometric analysis can be conducted/ or what type of relationship can be established?
Reference recommendation on the causal relationship between family size and children's educational attainment, or the quantity-quality trade-off
What is the "bequest condition" in a finite-horizon discrete optimization problem?
Logically inconsistent optimality condition
Equilibria in non regular economies
reference request: models of how racism or sexism affects decision making
Bias in an Autoregressive Model
Would this hypothetical firm exit in the long run?
China approval for US company acquisition
Did the robbers from Money Heist real steal noone's money?
Effect on revenue of changing price of unitary demand elastic product
In law of DMU statement what is meant by "keeping other commodities"?
Do the three ways of measuring producer’s surplus give the same result?
Why does firing employees appear to increase the share price of a company?
Why do higher real interest rates increase land value?
Do free-trade agreements typically include clauses relating to services?
Economic interpretation of the concavity of the expenditure function
HHI and concentration
What are the difference and relation between the concepts of business process and business strategy?
Pareto set and Edgeworth box
Positive effects of a Tunisia-EU free trade agreement?
Justification for my Random Effects estimation
Where do Montenegro and Kosovo get their euros from?
Treasury Bond Default
What does the economic collapse of a country mean and what are its consequences?
Is the mode of wage distribution a meaningful economic indicator?
Multiple Forgone Job Opportunities and Economic Profit
log returns in finance
Consumption smoothing in RBC Model
Coefficients of Cubic Total Cost Function
Are there more historical examples of big change in prices thanks to demand/supply changes like the tulip mania?
Isn’t a zero-coupon perpetual bond not worthless if the relevant government has some probability of buying them back?
Rigorous solution of Stackelberg leader-follower game with N-players?
Is it possible for shareholders to get a companies assets in place of currency?
Which utility function yields following demand $\alpha p^{\epsilon}$
How to match a DSGE in a State-Space representation to observed data?
Textbooks addressing Markov decision processes in microeconomics/game theory/decision theory?
How can a company run out of cash when its stock prices is dropping?
Is this market monopoly or duopoly?
Exposure of two companies in a transaction involving an FX option
Exchange rate volatility
Reference Request - Dynamic Optimization with More Than One State Variable
Does the Italian national debt really go all the way back to Mussolini's excessive prewar spending?
Big research goals in economics?
How did the US gain such a large increase in GDP compared to other industrial nations within the last decade?
Contour set in Mas-Collel, Winston and Green
Proof that the budget set is closed
Why intuitively does Break-even point $= \dfrac{\text{Total fixed costs}}{\text{Selling price per unit} − \text{Variable cost per unit}}$?
Was Marx influenced by Ibn Khalduns Muqaddimah?
How did Wells Fargo intend to profit by opening up two million fake accounts?
what is the interpretation of $\beta_{ij}$ in the translog production function?
primary impact on real estate prices/taxes
Why is Money Necessary?
Walras's law in a Fisher market
Deriving the translog production function
Best-responding to a stochastically higher distribution of bids
What predictions do economic models make for an economy where 50% of the population earn less than the cost of living?
Derive the cost function for a Homothetic production function
Why is the measured year 2018 inflation rate low despite rounds of quantitative easing?
Reference request: Gender wage gap / Minority wage gap
Where can I find the statistics of import crude oil to China?
what is the marginal cost divided by the average cost
Is there any reliable data on what % of the UK population currently earn less than £17,300 annually?
Why doesn't land value go to 0 when tax rate goes to 100%?
Ex-dividend (Asset Pricing)
Brueckner's basic urban model, comparative statics
When only half of the independent variables are non stationary, does it make sense to run a cointegration test?
How to convert an historic value denoted in foreign currency to a modern value in local currency?
Why did it take so much QE by the ECB to raise the Eurozone inflation to 2%?
Fixed Effects Estimation and Inconsistency
How to treat different frequencies of a time series data?
Effect of changing MC on monopolists' maximised profits
A question about the exchange economy
Is debt servicing in the structural or cyclical budget balance?
Does the Federal Reserve have bank accounts for banks?
Why are Big Macs supposed to cost the same around the world?
Can debt to GDP ratio be reduced transfering debt to local autorities?
How does raising interest rates calm inflation?
How does a budget deficit help grow a trade deficit?
Keynesian Cross and Balanced Budget Multiplier
How time zones affects causality?
why isnt private sector savings defined as $S=Y-T-C-I$?
IS-LM - Effect of interest rate on price level
The reality of the multiplier effect
Can the internet be characterized as a public utility?
Statistical distribution of wages and wealth
Confusion over homoskedacity assumption
Implication of the concavity of u
What does it mean when a discount lender "rediscount[s] reserves"?
Central bank loss function
Elasticity of Supply for a Monopolist
LS book (Recursive Macro Theory). Chapter8: Complete Market
Probability of history occurring at time $t$
Differences between Slope of budget line and MRS?
Efficient Scale is necessarily equal to zero if $MgC(q=0) >$ Fixed Cost?
Definition of "simple situation" is ambiguous
Short-run and Long-run cost against the price of the variable input
How to find data about earning per share of S&P 500
what are Investments (as defined in macroeconomics) that Households make?
feature of indifference curve
Non Collusive Cournot Duopoly model with two firms, zero costs and linear demand curve
Imperfect substitute
Monthly price elasticity and possibility of using daily values
Can central bank interest rate hikes lead to a price gain in equities?
How can I re-base monthly financial time series
is there a way in NIPA accounts to see a measure of size/change in private debt stock?
How to calculate the intercept of an indifference curve in an Edgeworth box?
Bellman and Lagrange equation used at the same time
matching methods from multiple entities
Elasticity of substitution between leisure in two periods
Real world examples of supply curve shapes
Is Universal Basic Income compatible with free international trade?
What is the relation between the trade deficit and the outsourcing of jobs?
How has my profit margin risen?
Consumer behaviour
Why is a call option called 'call', and put option called 'put'?
Government deficit
Best Response Functions for Cournot
Basic question about why supply/demand should move to the equilibrium price?
Does Bad Money Drive Good Money Out Of Circulation
Who was the inventor of Utility function?
Games with perfect but incomplete information in real life
How purchasing power reduces when currency is commodity money(say gold)
Bayesian game and the set of types
Would taxing money owned (as a share of purchasing power) be a better form of taxation?
Specific question about some figures in national accounts
Why bonds held by foreign investors is greater than total bond issued?
Supply elasticity on a piece-wise linear supply function
Elasticity and logarithms
Homothetic preferences from indirect utility
Nash Equilibria in Target Destroying-Guarding Game
A utility function that gives a regressive tax rate
Mixed Strategies -- Does this lead to Nash equilibrium?
what is $b(p)$ in the Almost Ideal Demand System?
Paying Filipino workers in USD. What should the inflation rate be?
Economic interpretation of a CES production function
Using the sample mean to test hypotheses
National income referred as GDP?
Example of a rational and continuous preference relation that does not admit a utility representation
Transformation of random variables and second order stochastic dominance
How to calculate Tobin's Q as a measure of banks' performance?
Difference-in-differences with long time horizon and repeated treatments
Calculating expected tenure of a customer
Optimal Top Marginal Tax Rates
Quantitative easing
What's the relationship between Output elasticity and Returns to scale?
Central bank rate hikes and credit demand
FOC and Log Linerizations
Linearisation of the IS curve?
Table 11.1 in UN System of National Accounts (2008)
Existence of the general equilibrium
How is labor demand measured?
Market modelling with prosumers
Why does socialism not work?
Indifference curves and equivalence classes
Dot over a variable, Neoclassical growth model?
Where did Adam Smith write the following and in what context?
What does Adam Smith mean by equality of condition?
How can you find the government spending multiplier from a VAR?
Differentiating through this integral in banking loans?
What's a good textbook on International Trade?
What is the economic meaning of distribution parameter in a CES-production function?
The Crisis of Argentina
Fixed-Effects on individual level with explanatory variable on state level
gdp growth outliers reflect exchange rate variations
The dynamics of c and k in Ramsey model (using the phase diagram)
Term for the phenomenon when an undesirable but competitive strategy dominates
When can I say that a utility function has constant marginal utility?
If a utility function is quasi-concave, can we say that the IC curve associated with it is convex?
Is there a measure of similarity for economies?
Currencies fixed to gold
Can money flow from Firms into the Financial Market in the Circular Flow?
Calculating volatility forecast errors - how to obtain "actual volatility" for comparison?
Does the WTO have a mechanism to accommodate states transitioning trade regimes?
Market price, output that maximize the price and level of firm profit after applying a license fee
Can Direct Taxes on the consumers have a impact on the Demand (rather than supply)?
Budget lines and Indifference curves: How do you figure where exactly you should draw the IC tangent to a budget line?
Greek Debt Crisis
Inflation index and longevity of modern household appliances
Why does the incentive compatibility constraint bind (moral hazard)?
Smaller variance of estimators in matrix sense
Can a government invest in public companies so their dividends can finance the government
Euler equation of consumption in RCK model
On a statement of Harry Browne (revised)
Optimal Tax Rates on BGP
microeconmics: can a monopolistic firm be profitable if its marginal revenue is negative?
Factor-augmenting technologies (Acemoglu and Restrepo 2018c)
In a perfectly competitive industry, why is apple considered best example of commodity?
Pareto set with Cobb-Douglas and Leontief preferences
If protectionism is injurious to a state, is the success of mercantilist China in spite of its protectionist measures?
Does the European Central Bank still conduct monetary policy under the assumption of NAIRU?
Resources on the Rotterdam demand system
How much precious metals prices come from their use as investement vs practical use
If a mixed strategy is strictly dominated, then there is a strictly dominated pure strategy in its support?
How do government purchases crowd out the private sector?
Origin of the saying "High prices are their own cure."
Unbiased but inconsistent estimator
Error Correction Model with more than one independent variables
Error Correction Model with two independent (control) variables
Reason for marginal revenue is less than price in monopoly
Estimation of a Non-linear production function with Non-linear least squares
Cobb-Douglas production function, given $w$ get $r$ regardless of input levels. Why?
Logs and percentage change in equation
Did Galbraith have specific corporations in mind in reference to this quote?
Is this a joke by Galbraith or did he have something more serious on mimd?
Why are so many pharmaceutical drugs so expensive?
what is the Relationship between Zero nominal interest rates and liquidity traps
Is there consensus on why inflation is not rising?
If someone stays at home because they can't find the type of job they want, are they included in unemployment numbers?
What country has the highest requirements for loans?
Solve for the steady state with CRS Cobb-Douglas, problem with the system of equations
How is the level of full employment in an economy determined?
Measuring the capacity of an investment strategy
Demand equation with demographics
Why Chinese GDP does not correspond to Chinese GDP growth rate?
Do products which are only produced and consumed locally contribute to GDP value?
How to do elasticity modeling for products where there is slab pricing like electricity?
Minimum wage divided by cost of living?
Why is depreciation added to the GDP with the income approach?
How to Calculate the productivity multiplier?
Inventory based question
Does decreasing deficit (by decreasing government expenditure) improve consumer confidence?
Question on Finding the Correct Emission Tax $t$
AMD and Intel duopoly
By what means do prices change?
What would the production function look like if MPN (marginal product of labor) were constant, rising and declining?
Is nominal/real income and nominal/real wage the same? If so, is it possible for your nominal income to rise as your real income falls?
Consumer Preference when Consumer only consumes $A$ or $B$
Change in inventory
Start year and coming year
Hypothetical price of a city (e.g. Munich)
German economic growth in 20th century
Is the Hicksian demand curve steeper or flatter than Slutsky demand?
Using the labor market modeled in terms of real wage what are the changes in real wage and labor if the labor force falls/rises and taxes rise?
What kind of contractual problem is this?
Fiscal sustainability: Debt dynamics
Understanding the proof using the mean value theorem
A single price function for two simultaneous transactions
Randomisation and balance in experiments
difference between demand for money and credit
What makes up GDP in the real estate sector?
What is the difference between personal consumption expenditure price and PCE quantity?
Is there a possibility to have an inferior good (x) in a utility function where x & y have 0 cross elasticity?
Should Company B enter the market in the following cases
In a mixed economy like the UK to what extent are wages a function of Government policy?
What is the rationale behind David Friedman’s division of countries?
Cross Currency Swaps
By continuity, the upper and lower contour sets of a bundle are closed
Help understanding this inclusive capitalism proposal
Does PPP measure conversion taken into account government service and taxes?
Economics Behind the Insulin Shortage?
Are there phi2 phi3 statistics for the DF-GLS unit root test?
Can I normalise the Dixit-Stiglitz price index to 1?
Completeness Axiom in Preference Relation
The growth rate in the Solow model
Decomposition of interest rate risk
features of Generalised Method of Moments estimation
Static game with complete but imperfect information
Estimation of investment adjustment costs
Solving a two stage game by backward induction: which is the equilibrium notion?
What is the simplest yet most effective way of describing the incentives for specialization mathematically?
Net present value of studying?
Why is there so little automation at McDonald's?
How does the central bank fund open market operations?
Under the gold standard, how did the redemption of gold work in practice?
Purpose of a monotonic transformations in utility functions
Nominal vs real growth of monetary base
What does an increase in REER signify?
Amout of total investment being pension capital
Can futures buying/selling distort price discovery?
Imbens and Angrist (1994): the $D_i(z)$ variables
Was the 2008 financial crisis caused more by the US subprime mortgage lending or more by an international energy and oil pricing crisis?
Prisoner's dilemma as a Bayesian one-shot game
Need help reading early 20th century stock market list
Does GST/VAT taxation reduce offshore corporate tax avoidance?
Why is it a problem if a considerable amount of currency is hoarded by the enemy of the issuing government?
Marginal rate of substitution(yx) question
Microeconomics, deriving demand equations from utility unction
What does the sun product of price times quantity divided by average price
indifference curve slope from utility function
Building an square product-to-product table based on rectangular supply and use tables
Inflation adjusting by exchanging currency and using other countrys CPI
Growth Rate of Solow Model
Can Eurozone countries issue their own bonds?
What levers are typically available to a Government to exit an economic downturn?
Can monetary union work without fiscal union?
What are eigenvalues and eigenvectors used for in economics?
Mixed Strategies in Bayesian Games
Why do we have to normalize the income of consumers when working with an Edgeworth Box in a simple trade model with Pareto optima?
What does it mean when marginal profit is the same due to the "competitive principle"?
History of Municipal Bonds
Why does China spend so much on agricultural/farming subsidies?
Rotschild&Stiglitz (RS) Equilibrium
What arguments are there in favor of national food self-sufficiency?
Understanding a multi-player Tragedy of the Commons game
If a weak preference relation is complete and transitive, why is the strict preference relation negatively transitive?
Why does it seem like the average cost threshold protocol has a possible gain but no chance of loss?
Does Visitor Export Include Airline Tickets?
Constant absolute risk aversion and certainty equivalent
Debt-to-GDP ratio in connection to inflation
How can two different utility functions represent the same preferences?
Supply/Demand Curve Equation (beginner)
Why is underpayment so prevalent? (23% of those who are 25 and are entitled to the UK's National Living Wage are underpaid!)?
What is the reason behind the demand function of a perfect complement good?
Social Welfare and Pareto Optimality in a Bayesian Game
supply-demand imbalance
Book recommendation: first year economics course
Is there a way to eliminate shilling, spiting, and overbidding in second price auctions?
Why is a new home considered an investment instead of consumption?
Calculating the weighted average cost of capital
Why is London as successful as it is in financial services?
Are services included in the calculation of a trade deficit?
Is the GDP at Market Prices same as the GVA at Market Prices?
Optimal spending over several periods with log utility and uncertain lifetime
What are financial service “passports”?
Do sanctions work?
Are trade deficits good/bad or neither?
Lehman brothers bond rating
When measuring the net economic impact of a citizen, what measure is used?
Can I make this assumption about the utility function?
How Does Production Possibility Curve Shift (Partially)?
Feasible approaches to allocate n unique indivisable items among n individuals
What's an example of a resource, raw material that has become scarce?
Have I found the correct Emission Price
Profit Maximization and Returns to Scale
Increase of price of good and effect on elasticity of demand
Why does capital flight cause inflation?
Pareto Efficiency Outcomes in Games
Two deflator series with different base year to proxy real exchange rate
Demand Curve Price not perfectly elastic
Is there a definitive way to tell if an action causes a movement or shift in a supply-demand graph?
MRS of good X for good Y
What are general equilibrium effects?
Endogeneity problem with a dummy variable
What is an Economic Sector?
How to control for population in Difference-in-Difference?
Question about maintaining fixed exchange rates
How Do Imports Affect GDP
Strategy sets and SPNE
How theory of welfare economics and social choice is connected to DSGE models?
What if price were a function of buyer's income?
Clarification on futures market and price speculations leading to oil price hike in mid 2000s
Is it true that when the overall money supply decreases, that the demand for money decreases and the demand for bonds and securities both increase?
Key points for a speech on Capitalism
Computing pure strategy Nash equilibria in finite games
Will an increase in a complementary good with price unchanged move demand curve right and quantity demanded right, as well?
What are the definitions of the terms value, wealth, and utility in economics?
What is the difference between ordinary income effect and endowment income effect?
Solving a LRE model in King-Watson form using alternative algorithms
Sources on Border Carbon Adjustment
What's the market equilibrium price for the used good?
What was "Pareto's proof of the immeasurability of utility"?
real gdp per capita vs real gdp
What are the assumptions behind calculating the market equilibrium from supply and demand curves?
Imperfect Substitutes and Utility Funcitions
What international payment systems do exist?
Solution to maximization not Pareto efficient
Matchstick Game
What are some of the barriers to trading services?
If regional subsidiaries bypass trade restrictions, why are FTAs needed?
Constrained Optimization using Lagrangian method
Guess 2/3 of the average with integers - mixed strategy equilibria?
Supply/Demand Shift (Find New Equilibrium)
On marginal arguments for equilibrium conditions
How does a bank create new money when it pays its own staff?
how to find the elasticity of log(y) =β0+β1log(x)
why doesn't every country scale up the prices to the international level?
Simple Econometric question
Is money mostly created (out of nothing) by banks making loans?
Constructing a Production Possibility Curve (PPC)
Global games: How to derive posterior with uniform prior and signal
Is it possible for Gross value added be negative on a company level?
Supermarkets industry market structure
Can the same recession be both inflationary and deflationary?
Calculating Demand curve function from Elasticity of demand, price per quantity and quantity purchased?
What are the impacts of a small increase of the wages on consumption, labor supply and production?
Deriving Sufficient Conditions For Existence of Unique Non-Explosive Equilibrium In DSGE Model With Hybrid New Keynesian Phillips Curve
Does the reciprocal of the price elasticity of demand have an interpretation?
Potential solutions of the $n$-player Prisoner's Dilemma
The income method of calculating GDP
Why do riskier investments pay more?
Is the development of market rate housing independent of the development of affordable housing?
Sources on competition policy
Rational expectations
Does a strong exchange rate always mean a cheap holiday regardless of where you are from and going?
What model to use when defining a 20-year growth path in a developing country?
How to do test statistic on difference in two independent variables?
How do small firms survive in an oligopoly?
Insurance and Hirshleifer effect
Distribution function for number of people owning x in assets by country
Equivalence of definitions of upper contour sets
Lease revenue bond literature
Understanding what's in the frequently reported and discussed high demand in IT specialists in Germany - is the IT Fachkräftemangel real?
What would you call a real market that is close to perfect competition?
Why a current account surplus is bond to lead to an appreciation of a currency?
General government debt vs central government debt?
Mechanism Design: Proving that the expected utility is differentiable
Consequences of a US sovereign default
When a central bank buys government securities, is this exactly equivalent to printing money?
Disagreement in Strategic Bargaining
Book recommendations: Introduction to economics
Elasticity of employment in respect of reduction of working time
Stock return predictability. Why do papers continue to use Granger Causality tests
Data source for the relative frequency of different kinds of expiration date by retailers? (use by, sell by, best by)
How to find the optimal consumption basket?
Can structural unemployment be shown in a labour market diagram?
3rd Degree Price Discrimination
Is there book or research on economically sustainable design of town or village?
How will the UK's economy be affected, if it will be a hard Brexit?
Quasi-Linear Functions
Does brain drain really affect a nation's growth trajectory?
In the context of banking, how (if at all) do the terms 'capital', 'net worth', and 'equity' differ?
When and why did governments impose restrictions on money creation
Chicago Price Theory Book Recomendation: Becker vs Friedman
How does one deflate weekly price data?
Multiple regulatory changes at the cutoff
Balance of payments and the free floating exchange rate system
World Inequality Database: Top 10% Income Share U.S. vs. Top 10% Average Income
Fixed Effects: Identifying coefficient for interaction term with a constant
Question about an economy with 3 components household, firm and government with functions given
Average Return for Commodity
Since the financial crisis, what measures have been taken to solve the too-big-to-fail problem?
Is an EU single currency still a trade advantage in 2019?
"The odds of a bailout in the next century are still nearly 70%."
Fed must hold collateral equal in value to notes in circulation
Investor sentiments in large open economy under Mundell Fleming Model
The impact of news in the stock market?
Rothschild-Stiglitz (RS) Separating Equilibrium
How successful is the Islamic banking model?
Strict preference and utility function
How can I represent players with different information given continuous choice ranges?
Why are banks allowed to resell mortgages?
Who looses Forex if someone gains?
Disaggregated price index
Deficit adjustment - role of exchange rates
Selling price of a widget at competitive equilibrium
Finding correlated equilibria
How to read PPP$ aloud?
Definition of Pareto efficiency and prisoner's dilemma
Convert USD2005 PPP per-capita GDP to USD2011 PPP per-capita GDP for a number of countries
Relation between Captial Market Line and Security Market Line
Net Present Value with investments in multiple phases
Take It Or Leave It Strategy: Social Optimum
"The citizens know their own utility functions better than the politicians"
What is the assumption behind "indifference curve does not cross"?
What were the limits of trade and exchange in the Soviet Union? What about other communist countries?
Questions of the type "What do you think other people would think?"
Giffen Goods & Complementary Goods
Combining Difference-in-Differences with Matching Methods When Parallel Trends Are Met in Unmatched Data
When is the PPF convex to the origin?
how is a trade imbalance related to domestic savings?
Solving for Pareto Efficient Utility Possibility Frontier using constrained optimisation
Here's a question about the solow model
Effect of Promotional Sales on a Demand Curve
Why can we replace dependent variable y with the residuals e?
Optimal choice for a weird leontief function
Question about Locally non-satiated preferences
Why doesn't economy of scale bring down prices of food?
Non-negative deviations from Nash Equilibrium
Active Passive Monetary and Fiscal Policy
Comparing values of 5s and 7% notes
Economics of Selling Software
Critical Point in the Rothschild&Stiglitz (RS) Insurance Model
How to interpret the proof that information cascades will form?
Is there a 19th century or early 20th century economist who proposed an energy-based currency?
Proof of Choice Coherence in Kreps (2013)
Necessary indifference conditions in mixed equilibrium
Utility maximimization for unusual Leontief utility function
What are the costs of requiring banks to have more equity?
Where to find a list of marketplaces (NYSE,LSE) and the financial products they offer?
Overlapping Generations model: Social Planner solution
Repudiate enemy country's holdings of our government's debt
How to evaluate customer lifetime value
Why do Australian milk farmers need to protest supermarkets' milk price?
How to obtain standard surveys / measures to use at end of experiment to "control for altruism" etc?
Q: Unit root testing: Effective Federal Funds Rate series exhibits autocorrelation
Number of items per consumer in a period (German supermarkets)
GDP Growth QoQ vs YoY: Why do the figures not match?
What does these "strategy notations" mean?
Monetary policy and potential output growth
Are modern conglomerate mergers better or worse for economic competition?
How do I rebase my GDP with different base year?
Can State Owned Enterprises compete with each other without a private enterprise in a market? Examples
What is the impact of money "sent" to another country?
Understanding agents selecting among markets
Is this lottery like stock market?
Ownership in Neoclassical Economics/Property Rights Question
Econ Intuition for Jacobian inverse in demand system
Changing Constant Factor Demands
Demand derived from Cobb-Douglas utility, interpretation, check
What were the effects of the 2016 Indian banknote demonetisation?
Can repeated game sustain a discounted average payoff that is not individually rational?
Exploratory analysis about elasticity
Existing metric for personal productivity hours needed per life hour?
Game Theory Book
Question about tariffs in Henry Hazlitt's Economics in One lesson
Why would a commercial bank borrow from another commercial bank instead of the central bank?(more questions inside)
Independently and Identically distributed random variables
Is it reasonable to consider government bonds as money
Convergence in probability and convergence in distribution
How to define the optimal lag K in GARCH-MIDAS?
Getting a market supply curve from firm supply curve
Sum of residuals in multiple regression equals 0
Leontief Tableau Économique (produit net)
Profit maximizing, Quantity and Price with Dominant Firm and Competitive Fringe
Multivariate linear regression: how to test for whether the slopes are the same?
Does the Lucas (1978) asset pricing model feature complete markets?
OLS estimator derivation: second-order condition to prove global minimum?
Economics of disparity in wages and in 'financial quality of life'
Is game theory supposed to be this easy?
Convex games: equivalence of definitions
When solving game theory problems, how can you "assume" that the equilibrium strategy will lead to something happening?
Why's Bernie Sanders wrong to allege that JP Morgan received more than $390 billion in financial assistance from the Fed?
Profit Maximisation for a Monopolist
How did the Federal Reserve determine 3.5T USD in assets?
Why does a company want the value of its stocks to be as high as possible?
Positive Phillips Curve
How to Calculate Price Elasticity of Demand When Perfectly Elastic?
Screening theory: Bundling problem
What causes the dramatic decline in container traffic on the Main-Danube canal?
Coefficients of lagged inflation in phillips curve should sum to unity
Rationalizable action profiles in nice symmetric games
Sequential Bertrand game with differentiated goods, how to write the strategies of firm 2
Dominated lotteries in CPE
What is the difference between imperfect substitutes and complements in a production function?
Real Income and a Fixed Money Supply
Finding an economic policy that worked in a developed country but failed in a developing one
Would $1000/mo UBI funded by 10% goods and services tax cause prices to skyrocket, making the divident useless?
US Student debt volume and default rate data source
How can the government or the institution classify the frim the price-fixing cartel with price-leadership model?
Soros shorting the pound
covariance of autocorrelated time series
What R-squared is a low R-squared?
I don't understand the MV = PY
Finding Optimal Bundle and Change in Satisfaction after Changes in Budget Constraint
If two variables are not cointegrated, can one still cause the other?
Effect of a Deflationary Cryptocurrency
Auctions with affiliation
matching with multilevel data
Why tax investment?
Generalized method of moments in Dynare
Commonly used indicators for currency pair strength?
Finding long run equilibrium price, quantity and number of firms with a linear average cost function
Where's a good place to find Information on Non-OCED countries?
Can I draw a smaller sample from one treatment group?
Deriving demand function from utility function
Net capital outflow = Net exports (Net capital imports)?
How to calculate Store/Category level Price elasticity?
Predicting Shifts in Supply and Demand for Loanable Funds
Need a math help for the Cagan's model in macroeconomics
Is weak global economy always a "headwind"?
Incorporating Animal Spirits effect
Elasticity when the demand function is given
How is the Euler Equation for Consumption derived from from intertemporal budget constraint and lifetime utility function in basic macroeconomics
How do we calculate Beta in a OLS regression of the mean of y on the mean of lag of y?
Open offer made by companies to take over
Calculating marginal tax rates when near a cliff
Where do public savings go?
Are there multiple equilibria in the second price auction?
Tax Cuts Affect on Economy?
How to account income from the informal sector?
A quick math question for NX curve
Technological unemployment
What impact would introducing 15 times more soy worldwide do to the price of soy?
Effect of prediction of later catastrophe
Bayesian Nash Equilibria: Strong and Weak Types
What trick can be used to calculate mixed-equilibria?
Why is it so hard to understand NCO = NE?
How to find nash equilibrium in this model?
Predicted recessions that never happened
Can corporate tax loss carryforward function like a sort of insurance policy?
The beta delta model
Tourist Natives Model
What would happen if a country defaulted on its public debt?
Is Hayek in pro or in con of Equilibrium?
cournot competition with strategic consumers
How is patience modelled?
Average employment length
Nominal GDP to Current purchasing power parity
If I want to measure the total VAT revenue, can I just look at the final VAT paid?
The Relationship Between Public and Private Debt
Perfectly competitive firms. Economies of scale
Are Complex Roots in Macroeconomics OK?
Is there such a thing as resonance in economic underliers?
Demand for real money balances worked out example
Are that models that explain how companies become more efficient?
Can technical change have a negative growth rate?
Why consumption is defined as $ C_t:= \left(\int^1_0C_t(i)^{\frac{\epsilon-1}{\epsilon}}di\right)^{\frac{\epsilon}{\epsilon-1}} $
How do you reconcile the Law of Increasing Opportunity Costs and Economies of Scale?
What's the term for the debt you have to pay today?
Are the retirement plans insured in the USA?
Who profits from monetary expansion?
Reading List for economics undergraduate
Why inflation is still reported low?
What's the use of '% to GDP' type of variables?
Correct Equation for Pooled OLS Regression (with Time Dummies and Interaction Terms)
Did (or can) quantitative easing cause an "everything bubble"?
Should the control variables in an econometric regression be correlated with both the dependent and the primary independent variables?
Why are the Fed's goals often described as the "dual mandate" and not the "triple mandate"?
What do they mean by “bottom line” and why did US IRS turned back 810 millions to IBM? and what do they mean by “unspecified “ layoffs?
"Increasing trade barriers causes a country’s currency to appreciate"?
In an unsterilized purchase of dollars and sale of foreign assets, why doesn't the supply of dollar assets fall?
Resources for mathematician trying to develop (macro)economic thinking?
Is there a term for the personal wealth that is not used to generate income?
How much is the amount insured for retirement plans in the USA?
Cournot competition subgame perfect Nash equilibrium with two products
Is First Order Stochastic Dominance (FOSD) relation convex?
How to interpret the difference between natural level and steady state in Macroeconomic theory
Are unit root tests necessary or useful on small samples of time series data?
What would be the costs of declaring/legislating that Scottish banknotes be legal tender?
Intermediate Case of Bertrand and Cournot
How do I fill gaps in my data?
Cross-sectional model vs panel model
How to perform unbalanced panel data regression in R?
How does a refinance allow a mortgage to be repaid?
Is it possible to pay the internal debt of the country and to cover the budget deficit by increasing taxes?
Decomposition of stock index movements
DMP Search Model - Terminology
Global stability in a ramsey growth model with multiple equilibria
Expected payment in a second price auction with affiliation
Financial economics: Bond Price
Why the USA is not capable to pay it's debt?
If the relative share of inputs is constant in a production process, does that mean that the inputs are used in fixed proportion?
What's the combined wealth of the US banks?
What's the difference between equity capital and market capitalization?
Does improvement in human capital reduces regional disparity?
Examples of Analysis of Competition in a Latent Product Characteristic Space
Greek mathematics' application in the early economic theories
Stock Price vs Stock Return Autocorrelation
What are some common causes of jobless growth?
Transformation of cutpoints in Ordinal Probit/Logit regression
What is the opposite of debt?
Ideal levels of inequality
How important are capital requirements for controlling broad money supply?
Why do falling prices hurt debtors?
Stock market's obsession with growth of all companies?
Why is an inverted yield curve NOT a good predictor for recessions except in the US?
If saving equals investment, can there ever be a stock of savings?
Extraction of Inflation Expectation from bond yields
How do I use a monopsony (product market) graph to show that a firm has more buying power over a supplier?
Type - I Error & Type - II Error: Pregnancy test analogy - is it legit?
Monetary Policy under commitment. How to solve the optimization problem?
can human development index be a proxy for human resource?
SPNE and Pareto Optimality
Plotting the isoquant curves
Uncovered set versus top cycle set (voting theory)
What is the tolerable level for multicollinearity? and possible remedial measures for it?
Nash equilibrium - mistake in proof of paper?
Repeated Game SPNE
A valid argument against free trade?
Synthetic Control Method
Does commercial paper usually carry a higher yield than corporate bonds? Why?
Is inconclusive region in durbin watson a problem?
Impact of increasing deferred payment days on independence index?
instrumental variables
Structural Adjustment Programs question
Question Regarding 'Potential Output'
Is there a general name for the setup in which payoffs are not known exactly but players try to influence each other's perception of the payoffs?
How should I rebase my GDP?
Calculating 3m annualised rates
Is this a valid or legitimate way of comparing countries on traits and characteristics?
Stable marriage problem with transferable utilities
Relationship between Elasticity of substitution of sectoral outputs and elasticity of substitution of inputs
Wealth Distribution and market incompletness
Are opportunity costs synonymous with economic costs?
Preference relations defined by $x_1^n + x_2^n$ converge to $\max\{x_1, x_2\}$
Macro economics drivers in supply chain
Kink in the dynamic IS-curve
Testing for weak instrument
Correction of standard errors in IV model
Spence's Job Market Signaling Game
Single Peaked Preferences and Condorcet Cycles
Wages in Solow growth model with savings = 0
If an economy has capital that is less than the golden rule level of capital, can we reach the golden rule without increasing the savings rate?
Perfectly competitive constant MC Questions
Was magnitude of concerns about market correction/crashes prior to previous crashes similar in magnitude to today's concerns?
Does the Efficient Market Hypothesis Solve the Tragedy of the Commons?
An example of preferences over a countable set that cannot be represented by a utility function
Importance of savings rate in the Harrod Domar and Solow models
Equity and increase in sales
Data Set for Mankiw, Romer, and Weil 1992
Interpreting coefficients with Delta ln as independant and dependent variables
Definition of Bayesian Nash equilibrium
Have any economics papers used unified cure models?
I bought a house on a mortgage. If its price changes later, how will it affect the ease of repaying the loan?
What would tax incentives imply for public goods provision and redistribution compared with a fiscally neutral investment credit?
How would tax incentives influence the connections between the public and market squares, and the taxpayer-political enterprise relations?
Can inflation occur in a positive-sum game currency system such as the Stack Exchange reputation system?
Can a complex interaction term mean more than what it's composed of?
Constant Returns to Scale and Positive Marginal Products
Budget constraint in Radner Sequential Trade Equilibria
Where can I find a complete list of goods affected by NAFTA?
Cournot's game profit maximisation first order condition question
Isn't it pointless to care about GDP?
How did the Exchange Rate Mechanism work?
VAR model OLS line by line
Keynesian-cross analysis
Walrasian Equilibrium intuition given prices and some initial allocation
Questions about the gold standard and exchange rates
Can consumer surplus be negative if a consumer is forced to make a purchase?
Neoclassical model with proportional taxes
Utility maximization in a 2-good scenario with an option to buy a combo of the two
Pareto efficiency (optimality conditions) in simple New Keynesian model
What does it mean when R&D is "3% of GDP"?
Why do low labour and wage flexibility forestall a single currency?
Is it possible to give, in economics, an example of a relation ( set of ordered pairs) that is not a function?
Is there really an "efficient equilibrium *price*" with externalities?
The value of money in a model economy. Has this been addressed?
Lower monthly inflation at the beginning of the year
Is deprecation included in the value added approach?
Different explanation for economic growth, depending on the length of the period considered
Probability of the event knowing that I received no informations
How to efficiently study and learn Economics?
Did/does a decline in crime rates encourage materialistic values?
Computing the competitive equilibrium given initial allocation
Are IMF interventions in currency crises good leading indicators for the performance of financial assets in that country?
GDP with Intermediate Production
Why do some perfectly competitive, loss-making firms shutdown and others don't?
Framework for assessing suitability of government intervention
401k vs stock investments when it comes to taxes
Lifeboat vs bailout
Demand- pull driven inflation, how does it work if we dont add money?
General mathematical model of incomplete contracts?
Does segregation make economic sense?
Do all parameters have to have the same nature in a structural change test?
When using OLS is it always necessary to drop the weak and insignificant variable?
Meltzer-Richard Model and Single Peaked Preferences
Has there been any analysis of the proportional tax burden of domestic SMEs versus multinational corporations?
find the equilibrium level of Y
First paper to introduce the "principal-agent problem"
Why'd a company issue unpaid shares, to acquire or merge companies?
fixed an marginal cost calculation issue
What mathematical structure or formalism can be used for modelling strategic investment decisions of agents in the context of competition?
What negative effects would result from globally fixing currency exchange rates?
Why is Walras equilibrium inefficient when we are dealing with public goods?
Calculating Price Elasticity of Demand
Utility Possibility Frontier with two consumers and 3 commodities
What percentage pass-through effect do VAT taxes have?
Marginal Cost Calculation issue
Industrial ownership
Log-linearization about steady state
GARCH(10,10) model
Is second price auction better than first price sealed bid auction? Why?
Macroeconomics two period model
What is a good proxy for government quality?
Why is Marginal Cost = Price better than Marginal Cost > Price for maximizing profit?
Symmetric Cournot equilibrium: suffciency without second order conditon
Proof of monotonocity of preferences
Numerical Question on a subsidized monopoly
Difference-in-differences Matching
Is GARP trivially satisfied with only 1 good?
Unitary Elasticity Of Demand Question (PED=1)
Is there a standard methodology for calculating real prices?
please help describe a) what exactly is the Paradox of Profits , b) what is the argument of these papers exactly
GARP and SARP assumed mononticity?
GDP per capita and trade relationship
Supply curve for a competitive firm with constant MC
How are preferences related to relative prices?
Robust asymmetric information?
Stackelberg with 3 firms
In the real world, how does a firm know their marginal costs and revenue? How do they mathematically calculate MC=MR?
Mankiw, Romer & Weil: Estimating Implied Alpha & Beta
Bayesian Nash Equilibria in Battle of Sexes
Would PPP adjustments between countries be irrelevant if all countries had the same relative prices?
Search and matching model: effect of hiring cost on wage curve
How to interpret RTS in Stata?
Looking for help with Solow Model Question
Help with financial capital inflow
Can there be a good which has both Hicksian and Marshallian demand curves vertical?
Costs of transportation
microeconomic model of software agents?
First order conditions in a Moral Hazard problem
How does one do a hypothesis test for elasticity?
Trade cost on Endowment model
Which of the following firms can operate in a perfectly competitive industry?
How to approach such question of two periods and asymmetric information game?
Trying to apply in practice the theory of finding the optimal price in a cournot competition
Homogeneity in Marshallian demand function
The maximum sustainable yield model: clarifications
How does a consumption shock decrease the real interest rate?
Game Theory: finding nash equilibria of an extensive form game (game tree)
Is truth cheap, and falsehood expensive and volatile?
Relation between incomplete contracting and the principal agent problem?
Generating Variable frequency
Possible regression biases with GDP [x] vs Health expenditure [y] (both per capita)
wage/productivity, what does it show
Interpretation of Solution Concepts
Why does a leaseback remove the need to value the poisonous assets?
Interest rates and economic growth
Afriat theorem for negative goods
Emergence of notion "primitive business" in the era of Industry 4.0 and globalization
Nominal and Real GDP
Is there empirical evidence that (sales or income) tax rates affects GDP growth?
Who decides how much money value added translates to?
Demand-pull inflation versus going up aggregate demand curve
Was Haiti the richest society in the world in the late 18th century?
How does the Contract Law definition of 'consumer surplus' relate to the Microeconomics definition?
If aggregate demand and supply do not have a specific value, what is the point of the formula?
In April 2019 our economy created 263000 new jobs, however, total employment went down from March to April by103000 jobs. Why this difference?
Discrepancy of GDP and International Transaction Releases for Exports
Substitution effect when price of both goods change by the same percentage
Spurious regressions
What are the units of utility?
Decreasing and increasing returns to scale question
What are the benefits to the overall economy and consumer of horizontal integration?
Providing subsidies affects Marginal Private cost but not Marginal Social Cost?
Should coefficient on interaction term be positive or negative?
Using Gretl for ARCH model
Is anyone familiar with the following basic resource sharing model?
Definition of Heckscher-Ohlin free trade equilibrium
WARP implies completeness, transitivity and thus rationalizability. What is wrong with the statement?
Intermediate demand vs. Intermediate consumption
Does the 2nd welfare theorem involve government intervention?
Why is the 10-Year Treasury Constant Maturity Minus 3-Month Treasury Constant Maturity Curve significant, but not the 5-year minus 1-year?
How is trade in services conducted under the WTO in the absence of the Doha conclusion?
How do you keep up to date and find the most relevant papers?
How can I adjust the base year of this price index?
Are tariffs ever levied on services and does MFN apply?
Are there agreements in place between the EU and the US to facilitate trade in services?
How does a govt surplus increases investment?
Is the relationship between cost and value typically logarithmic?
If Trump's economic policies are destructive, why is the US economy so healthy?
Question regarding social welfare in the presence of externalities
Aggregated demand of households given utility function
Which measure of total loans is more relevant to Financial Stability?
How does the notion of utility differ from that of value?
Is the mainstream against agent based modelling?
Will the third Heathrow runway fill up within 25 years?
Trying to understand ceiling in supply and demand on picture
How exactly does the black market affect a country's economy?
robinson economy with production
Is it possible to repay the world debt? If not, why do we care?
[Graduate Macro]Land in the Economic Growth Model: CES Function
Are there import taxes between US states?
Economic Metrics (ROI, PP, NPW)
Is a loan lent with a rate under the inflation rate free money?
Maximization problem FOC and Euler equation
Obligations of a company
Are monopolies always price makers?
Are there strictly dominated strategies?
Why was the Bank of England nationalized after World War 2?
How did the UK become so indebted?
What is the economic strategy of the UK?
Firm Cost Minimation
On complements and substitutes with a CES function
Is FDI the principal route for funds directed offshore to return to a country?
How do you achieve quantative tightening?
CES production function profit and supply function
According to the U.S., what constitutes as fair subsidies?
If all of LATE (Local Average Treatment Effect) assumptions is satisfied?
mixted strategy that assigns positive weight to a pure startegy that is dominated
How to calculate payback period of the project?
Feature Scaling before applying Cubic Splines?
Bayes Correlated Equilibrium: obedience
Physical goods in a typical household
Brownian motion - expected value
The concept of information structure in incomplete information games
The concept of expansion of an information structure
Does it matter if there's simultaneous determination between two dependent variables?
Protectionism and smaller countries
Is rent on a relocation — an example of unfunded liability?
Why is it called Bayesian Persuasion?
Ceo hobbies and company stock price index in S&P 500
How exactly does removing labor​ market rigidities reduce structural unemployment and increase potential output in an economy?
Economics and formulating predictions
Is the price-quantity diagram fundamentally wrong?
What experiment could I run in order to test the 'Independence of Irrelevant Alternatives' axiom?
Envelope Theorem in Hopkins and Kornienko (2010)
Is IP theft more severe in China than in other developing countries?
In practice, are retaliatory tariffs the first step (or among the first steps) in the WTO dispute resolution process?
What is the Walras law vs first welfare theorem
Is it unreasonable to expect a country with a large public deficit and the world's reserve currency to not run trade deficits with other countries?
Are social goods and public goods the same thing?
Why is there a Lagrangian Multiplier in the Dynamic Programming Problem of the RBC model?
Did Zimbabwe have an inflation of 89.7 sextillion percent?
Effect of Import Tariff on Supply of Currency on Foreign Exchange Market
How Do I Numerically Represent Liquidity in the General Monetary Model Md = L(i) x PY
Derivation of demand function
Foreign exchange reserves in the government's budget constraint
What are the effects of an insurance policy that partially covers medical treatment on several market properties?
If $X$ is a Giffen good then $Y$ must be a normal good
why US don't like China trade deficit?
What is the difference between a growth shock and a productivity shock
Simple cost analysis question
What is the game theory of retaliatory trade tariffs?
Unit of analysis for income distribution, adult equivilence
Under what conditions should the External Rate of Return (ERR) be used instead of Net Present Worth (NPW) and vice versa?
Vector Autoregressions
International emissions trading
Are there political economy models that include a "majority capture" of (protectionist) trade policy?
Finding the % of the total consummation by category using elasticity and MPC
Econometrics: Is it feasible to use the "effect of the treatment" estimations from a diff-in-diff as dependent variable?
Integrability of Demand
Are corporate savings deflationary?
How do tech giants manage turnover costs?
Could robots replace humans as consumers?
India as center region of foreign powers for storing nuclear and space weapons
Gapminder's Dollar Street and the role of self-supply
Relevance of change in Inventory in calculation of Free Cash Flow
Expected Utility with expected value and variance
Stationarity of log industrial index and log CPI
What is the appeal of DSGE models?
Engel’s Coefficient Data
How long did it take before the Hawley–Smoot Tariffs reached their peak effect on US growth?
Characteristics of monetary sovereignty
Why marginal revenue must equal marginal cost?
Why hasn't the huge increase in supply provided by Airbnb decreased prices?
Credible Threat in the Perfect Bayesian Equilibrium
What if China did pay US tariffs?
Rationalizability or Nash equilibrium
Asymmetric Nash Bargaining
Does migration exacerbate (albeit delay) the problem of aging, economically-inactive populations in Western societies?
Market baskets: cross-border comparisons
What is the financial incentive for physicians and hospitals to join an Accountable Care Organization (ACO)?
SMD and Lucas critique
How do people check or trust that central bank is not cheating?
Why is demand curve always going down?
Construction of a 3x3 simultaneous game
Difference between IS curve viewed by Keynes and by Friedman
How to research “the role of market analysis in small enterprises efficiency/ performance/ profitability in Afghanistan)
Condition for a Nash equilibrium
why does an aging population positively impact on a decline in the smoking rate?
Are there economic models that predict (only) a medium/long-term negative effect of protectionism?
Does the Bank of England have the ability to set reserve requirements for commercial banks?
Compound lottery preference implies simple lottery preference
Value of Currency Itself
Exchange rate target zone 45 degree line in the free float case - Krugman Target Zones
Uncovered Interest Rate Parity Assumptions (UIRP)
Optimal pareto in two-person game
Why does Denmark have such a huge disparity between its income and wealth Gini coefficients?
How is seigniorage redistributed in the Eurozone?
I can not answer f) Pareto efficiency
Sequential game equilibrium strategy question
MRTS question involving production function
Price discrimination question
Production function involving profit maximisation
Meaning of $dF(z)$ in expected utility framework
Using Propensity Score Matching to evaluate non randomized and fully implemented village fund program
Why is the present value of outflows = present value of inflow in an small open economy?
What is the effect on money multiplier of the following three cases?
Implications of the concepts of combination/expansion of an information structure
How do I calculate quarterly Sharpe Ratio USING geometric averages?
Steady State in Korinek and Simsek (2014)
lifetime consumption explained
Quantity theory of money
What is the proper term for "contraction economics?"
Stackelberg Oligopoly 3 firms
Clarification on the definition of Bayes Correlated Equilibrium
Stay or switch game
Why do companies launch products at much higher prices, only to reduce the price drastically after a few months?
Are currencies equilibrating?
How to determine correct fixed effects in linear regression model using unbalanced paneldata
First Order Stochastic Domination and lottery preferences
How can I obtain State level Investment in the US?
ratio independent time-invariant variable
Maximization when parameters are unknown
Gapminder and OurWorldInData
Independence and Reduction Axioms
Can marketing efforts be considered to be a factor of production?
How do I simulate technological change in an input-output model?
How to build a Social Accounting Matrix from an Input-Output Table?
Demand correspondence is both upper and lower hemi-continuous; is the preference continuous?
How to calculate standard deviation of a portfolio?
Immigration supply shocks, fixed effects and model interpretation
If an ordinal-scaled utility function is defined via strictly increasing transformation, how can it represent a case of indifference?
What is meant by "resource base" in this sentence?
Do countries have an obligation to match their savings and consumption rate with that of the U.S.?
Would apprenticeships improve the economy long term?
Continuity of Prices for Constant Elasticity of Substitution Production Functions
Linear Homothetic Utility
Understanding the gradient of the social cost curve in a market failure/ negative externalities diagram
How is it decided whether a societal need should be met by using a public project or private enterprise?
Where can I find the data for income, equity, assets and sales of a company that is presented in terms of U.S. and outside of US.?
Heteroskedasticity assumption in fGLS into linear form?
Can a CES parameter be negative?
What happened to the money multiplier after QE?
When building a social accounting matrix, do you input domestic intermediate demand or total intermediate demand?
NASH equilibrium
How to know when survivorship bias is a problem
What does the Bank of England do with the interest it receives?
Is charging of interest inherently rent seeking?
Do you know any paper that discuss the effect of the deterrence of fines of individuals' behaviours? What is the difference between a fine a fee?
Why incomes should decline in equilibrium state
Are there any studies, academic papers or articles that defy "common" knowledge", i.e that patents give an incentive for R&D to private business?
log linearization around steady state (price dynamics)
Is it better for low-income people to live in the countryside where it's cheap or in the city where there are more services?
what are some unique features of heterodox economics?
What are the economics behind web spam?
Difference between corresponding and secondary tax adjustments in transfer pricing
Can a monopoly supply negative units to one of its two markets?
Tariff impact measurement
How to calculate the after tax WACC
Remittance: Migrant workers sending money to their families
What are the hot topics (sub-fields) in the International-trade to pursue for the research work?
Rival and non excludable products
Is it possible to sell a rival and non-excludable product?
Economics of Education
Calculation of Inflation and purchasing power
Rotation of Quasilinear Utility
Chinese tarriffs (pre-tradewar)
Regarding some econometric problems
The economics of a "no deal" Brexit
How can i determine the homogeneity degree of Stone Gaery function?
Interpeting equivalent annual cash flows
why is it always said that a CAD must be financed by borrowing from foreign countries
Why can we collect more Ricardian Rent than the land has to offer?
Is there a pull of skilled workforce from rural to urban areas?
Estimated betas and optimal portfolio
The TYPICAL law of motion of capital
Policy to maintain cleanliness
Taxes and GDP, where do these come in in the formula?
Can a progressive marginal taxation be regressive in terms of average tax rate?
Is there any mainstream criticism of the Benes-Kumhof conclusion that the Chicago Plan would improve the US economy nowadays?
Convert a sequential move game into a simultaneous move game
Difference between shocks, innovations and disturbances
How to calculate indentical cash flows?
Reference Request for Planned Economies
Finding the optimal consumption bundle given the strictly concave utility function $v(x,y) = U(x) +y$?
Is the New Keynesian Phillips Curve a supply curve?
Fehr & Schmidt, ultimatum game, inequaltiy aversion, perfect subgame Nash equilibrium
Definition of subgame perfect Nash equilibrium
The law of supply and demand - How does it work?
Why is an inflation rate of 2% optimal?
Two periods two agents; savings and interest rate problem
Relation between variation of the drift and insurance fee?
Independence Axiom for Linear Utility - Who proved this first?
Real Business Cycle model and demand shock
I have a dataset. How do I convert this data into Indifference Curves?
Why people respond to surveys like that of Purchasing Managers' Index?
Arrows Theorem: Dictatorship
If every company in the economy earns zero economic profit, can they contribute to real economic growth?
How does a division of a company spinning off from it's 'parent' company change it from a cost center to a profit center?
Household utility functions
Utility functions of countries
Subgame perfect Nash equilibrium with incomplete information
Puzzle: Fairness of consumer price indices
Sequential Game is Extensive form game?
How to predict income n years after graduation using income dataset with age, but not graduation year?
GDP Deflator and Economics Well-Being
Constrained Optimisation: Why is it that when I merge constraints, I get different results?
How are you supposed to calculate overhead expenses?
Measure of New Firms Born in Each Period
How do you use a Log-linear model when you have negative Xs?
What is the most general definition of “the core” in game theory?
Related Literature about Exports
How to calculate capital investment?
Beta convergence: data uncertainties
Given a Walrasian equilibrium, compute all intitial endowments that lead to given Walrasian equilibrium
Dixit Stiglitz price index FOC?
Stokey, Lucas (1989) p 11 FOC
Show that this income tax is effectively a lump sum tax
two period consumption problem
optimization problem for two individuals
Pareto Efficient level of Public Good
What is the iff condition for a preference with linear Engel curves (all Engal curves are linear)?
A weaker definition of local non-satiation can also imply indifference "curve"
Question about the effect on economic productivity due to a hypothetical wealth distribution requirement
Growth Model Choices
Typical Growth Model Social Planner Problem
Do any social welfare functionals, other than maximin, meet all of Arrow's conditions plus invariance regarding ordinal level comparability?
Why should houses have the same price for a given supply
Everyone has the same marginal rate of substitution
The difference between a Nash equilibrium and Bayesian Nash equilibrium
Does scarcity apply only to commodities?
discount factor, function, and rate
What is low unemployment and low gdp growth symptomatic of?
The mathematical proof of a monotonic utility transformation does not restrict the use of strictly decreasing monotonic functions. Why bar them?
What is the optimal fiscal transfer rate between regions in a currency union?
Is the concept of limited liability in corporate law beneficial to economy
In a social accounting matrix, what does Capital refer to?
Relationship between default risk and value of bond
What is unknown in Bellman Equation?
Has there been an applications of search and matching theory in the Neoclassical Growth Model?
I cannot find for this Simple shared effort level game
bonding curves and the market
How do stockbrokers purchase shares?
How to calculate cost of equity?
Should a Price Elasticity of Demand model exclude items that sold out or marked down from the original price
Does diminishing government spending lead to a reduction in trade deficit?
Monotonicity of second price auctions with bidder-specific reserve prices
Interpreting regressions results: different scales and variables interaction
Minimum observations for an econometric SEM
Stochastic frontier analysis in a unit out put production function. Taking logs is causing issues?
Replicate Simple fiscal policy rules for small open economies(Kumhof-Laxton)
How does investment have a negative impact on the current account (trade balance)?
Preference: Convexity and Monotonicity
Purchasing power of currency abroad
Why doesn't the trade balance equation take into account the value of products sold by the U.S.?
Why is a little inflation good for the economy?
Relation between Inflation and Bank deposit interest rate?
Is protectionism more suited to large economies?
Can tariffs be said to subsidise domestic industry?
Euro BUND Future CTD Bond
What are the economics of bike sharing companies?
What counts as transactions fee in Coase Theorem?
Do recessions matter?
Is the Paradox of Value relevant to the value of labour?
Do real life economists and financial analysts actually use calculus in their jobs?
Would a perishable currency work in a financial crisis today?
In what kind of economic environment would the cliche of "keeping money under the mattress" be warranted?
Industrial Economics
Expected Income Question
How should the government react to 50% of the population being wiped out?
Asymmetric (in sign) cross-price derivatives in consumer-theory problem
By what mechanism do large economies affect world price with tariffs?
Can there exist something that subsidises that is not a subsidy
Bandwidth, latency and price
Currency board, why the fluctuation in local currency
How can capitalism be improved?
Should I include lags in an LLC unit root test?
How would one take advantage of this arbitrage opportunity?
How to interpret the (expected) exposure and CVA of an option or a single share
Why do prices go up when the central bank increases money supply?
Facebook's Libra - Why would it vary in value
Nominal and real government expenditure
Does the gravity model of trade apply equally for goods and services?
The notions of Bayes Correlated Equilibrium and Bayesian Nash Equilibrium in a game with one player
Name for a tax that captures all goods and services produced?
Free Disposal: the production set less the vector space of positive reals
Why is common stock included in bank capital?
Why the source profit is not only trade markups?
AGV mechanism and Individual rationality
Do mainstream economic models use the blank-slate view of humans?
Confusion about multiple information Sets
Factor cost market price basic price
Is There a Good Companion for Theory of Moral Sentiments
Why are mortgage rates in USA so high compared to Europe?
Gross interest rate ($R$) v. Net interest rate ($R-1$)
Leveraged Return on Investment
Does a drop in GDP per capita, with the population staying around the same, mean people on average are poorer?
Production technology and efficiency
Why are Hicksian demand curves unobservable
Predicting long term asset returns
Accounting of common stock and capital surplus for banks
Societal benefit of Securitisation (eg Asset Backed Securities)
Why might firms be averse to idiosyncratic risk?
Why equilibrium efficiency wage maximizes worker effort per dollar wage
Optimal strategy in a single-agent choice problem under uncertainty
Constant elasticity proof for log-linear demand curve
Robust predictions in single-agent decision problem with uncertainty
Corporate Finance Book Recommendations
Why would QE tapering depreciate a foreign, volatile currency?
Is the European Single Market a Free Trade Area?
Doesn't the semi-strong form of the EMH conflict with expecting stock indices to increase in the long run?
Boots' Theory by Pratchett
Why the historically narrow asset class purchases from QE
Existence of optimal strategy in a choice problem with uncertainty and information structure
How to solve for the potential of a cournot duopoly problem?
Autonomous spending
How do Pension Fund capital flows operate?
Dynamic model and serial correlation
Sources for macro economic forecast data
Is there a proof for composite commodity theorem?
Relationship between Growth in Purchasing Power and Real Interest Rate equations
Do low bond yields make QE ineffective
Characterizing nations in global commodity market
Did real interest rates decrease during the Great Recession
Perfect Substitution with a Continuum of goods?
Application of 'Fermi's Golden Rule' to Economics
Best way to measure company size relative to world GDP
In Korea, violations of foreign exchange controls were punished with the death penalty?
Was there a time when economists "generally described" the 1920s "as being years of increasing protectionism"?
Asymmetric information micro-redit developed countries
Where to find information on tariffs when importing candles into the U.S.?
Why are there not more competitive nonprofits?
Why do non-binding price ceilings have no effect?
Conditions for Radner Equilibrium
Does the contractionary monetary effect of tax conpensate for its deadweight loss?
Proof: Risk averse; Certainty Equivalent smaller than expected value
Empirical research into sectoral comovement
Is it the most efficient to allow free transactions in financial markets?
What is "industrial capitalism"?
A decrease in the cost of borrowing (interest rate) will case
Showing that a preference relation admits a utility function representation
how does price floor affect consumers and tax payers
Origine of the GDP difference between WEO (IMF) and GEP (World Bank)
is there a difference between E[e|x]=0 and E[e|d=1]-E[e|d=0] in continuous vs discrete case in regressions?
Is a combination of Political economics and Game theory possible and beneficial?
Airport problem
Shapley decomposition of poverty measure
The range of subsidies that underpin China’s economic model
Components of matching estimator for ATT
Estimating CES utility (not production) function parameters
Diligent, wise bona fide voters
Why is elasticity not constant on a straight line graph?
Confused about what is meant by adjusting for inflation
How is matching theory used in context of Marriage market difference in terms of which is used in context of labour and housing market?
Clearing price in a double auction market
Maximum-support Nash equilibria in zero-sum games
How to estimate Enterprise Savings from the National Accounts?
Data of Inflation and unemployment for a Panel Data
What factor to use with Salvage Value in rate of return questions?
How can a consumer economy possibly be sustainable?
How can a country grow with so much debt?
Do patents foster innovation?
Manipulating index numbers
Why does a weaker currency make sovereign debt cheaper?
How to determine the cost of a good
Does climate and resources explain nearly all variance in gdp
Why do interest rates move together?
Cross-sectional t test & standard deviation
What is a monetary policy shock?
Building a time-series demand forecasting model
How does real gdp affect the domestic currency?
Value Function For Durable-Good Monopolist with General Distribution
Why did no US politician start the trade war a decade earlier with China or possibly the Globe if it is a good thing to do?
Change in the marginal utility of leisure with respect to a change in consumption
How much better off would the average person be if we took away enough money from the top 1% to make them no richer than the average person?
What are some further readings in Econometrics you recommend?
How to calculate the spending multiplier from a given set of equations?
Maximizing units under a budget constraint and increasing costs
Regression analysis with interaction and decomposed main effect
Non-Bayesian Mechanism Design
What are some applications of Real Analysis in Graduate Economics?
What is Adjusted Nett Gross?
Transforming an indirect utility function into an expenditure function
Real Analysis and Economics
Effect of a change in quality on price elasticity of demand
Signalling Model (How to solve a differential equation?)
Universal Basic Income: Indexation and Inflation
why pound is more overvalued than euro and usd?
Are there examples of Cost Benefit Analysis using diminishing marginal utility of income?
Israel as an Asian Tiger
Generally speaking, shouldn't GDP roughly increase equivalent to population growth?
Why has gold dropped during the same week as Deutches Bank faces great difficulties
Illustrating difficulty to find dominant strategies: series of simple one-shot two-players games
How to simulate changes in quantity demanded when several prices change?
Is it possible, that the global warming will affect the growth of the economy?
Is poverty a mathematical necessity?
Is it reasonable, in panel data, to use past values of explanatory variables as instruments to deal with simultaneous causality?
Assessing the ability of dividend yields to predict stock returns using out-of-sample forecast errors
Do the republican tax cuts cost more than forgiving student loan debt?
Should the seed be set in forecasting returns in a MCMC
Rate of convergence and asymptotic dominance in $\Vert x \Vert \gg \Vert(\hat\beta-\beta)\cdot u\Vert $
Equilibrium price determination in a 2 commodity framework
Bayesian incentive compatibility for a general distribution
Is the mid-market currency exchange rate something real? Or are bid and ask rates the real rates?
How to numerically calculate equilibrium when the problem is non-linear?
Savage's subjective probabilities applied to Allais paradox
Index of an Excess Demand Vector
Monetary Approach to a depreciating currency
Inflation leads to loss of gold reserves
Each short-run average cost curve
Two Players Different Strategies in infinitely repeated game
Maximising a partly concave and partly convex function
US Real GDP Growth Rate
On a Dalio youtube video
What is the trade-off between? Consumption and Leisure or Income and Leisure?
Meaning or Interpretation of the denominator in the implicit function theorem
Are sales (discounts) an investment or a loss?
Data for CGE experiments?
How does key currency work?
Proving the existence of a steady state
Why is having lots of silver and not raising/decreasing taxes leads to inflation in a country?
Risks Quantification (soft question)
How do efficient credit markets allocate capital properly?
Negative interest rates and banks
Why Turkey's president thinks that by cutting interest rate it will lower inflation?
Regressing two unit root variables
Why is the price of capital ‘r’ ? (From Cost function)
What are the income and substitution effects of deficit-financed government stimulus in comparison to marginal rate tax cuts?
Why do banks loan at APR < 6%, when they can invest that principal in ETFs?
rental cost of capital
Current accounts as savings?
The purpose of advertising for Pepsi
Assessing risk in a decision problem with repeated toss
Meaning of assumptions regarding continuum of agents in economics models
Fama's Definition of Market Efficiency
Should I care about stationarity when dealing with cyclical components?
Why can't a country print its own money to spend it only abroad?
how Ballassa Samuelson affects real exchange rate?
What is the relationship between economic growth and equality?
Bolzano-Weierstrass Theorem and Pareto Efficient Allocation
Effect of interest rates on currencies
How is real wage growth achieved?
How does expected utility theory treat losses?
game with payoffs defined by some stochastic process
Why don't governments exploit negative interest rates more than they currently do?
Testing for endogeneity when the model does not have any known exogenous variables?
What is the interpration of results if adding or subtracting a control variable effects the significance of explanotary variables?
Difference between social choice function and mechanism outcome function
Optimal point and MRS
Calculating weighted average of operating margin (ROS) in benchmarking analysis
If an endogenous explanatory variable is serially correlated does it mean that its lags are also endogenous?
Market Clearing with Dividend and Investment
The rationale for using a lagged variable to address endogeneity arising from simultaneous causation?
Would it be accurate to say that the economies of most of the countries are capitalistic?
Could a "Japanese-style strike" work as it's supposed to? Under what conditions?
Are marginal utilities or utilities compared?
(Microeconomics) Why must fims always lower prices when there is excess supply?
What are ways in which world markets are zero-sum games?
Direct revelation mechanism's sets of strategies and types
How to deal with misspecification of models in Macroeconomics?
The Econometrics of Pay-To-Play In Youth Sports
Is there any research, theory, or anything which shows how much of a market has to be in power of a few companies to be a force against free market?
Difference between Nash equilibrium and Pareto Efficiency
Mathematical framework for modelling the relationship between price and sales of a product
JNK and SPY price movements question
How to Find Real Disposable Income for Iran?
Does anyone know how to find disposable income data?
If I find the GDP deflator (i.e., price level) for a given time series, can I then find real consumption given nominal consumption?
Any function of jointly iid pair is iid (WLLN)?
(Microeconomics) How to classify Public Goods and Common Resources in Externalities?
Representing preference orderings over a finite set of outcomes by two payoffs
Having a lower inflation rate is not the same as having lower overall prices?
Yang's Impact on Algorithmic Trading?
How to calculate inter-annual variation of inflation for a 3 months period?
How to calculate PPP Exchange Rate using GDP deflator?
Calculating equilibrium in a cobb-douglas long run, perfect competition scenario
Impact of healthcare and college tuition on inflation
What is it called when an employee gets paid?
In simple terms, what does the bank liquid reserves to bank assets ratio indicate in terms of world development?
If PPP Exchange rate is 0.291, what does that mean?
Why exchange rates of national currency are usually stable, where as cryptocurrency like bitcoin and ethereum is highly volatile?
Does stock picking work?
Why does the US have public debt if they make more than that annually?
Production technology of $y=2x$
When Balassa-Samuelson effect increases, real exchange rate depreciate?
Why don't we have many-to-many lending yet?
Estimating Equilibrium Price for Advertising using Simultaneous Equations Model
Cobb Douglas, Budget Line, Demand function question
Why's it always better to choose a lump sum than periodic payments over time?
Fill out Normal-Form Game to obtain exactly one mixed equilibrium
Argue that no further mixed Nash Equilibria can exists
Do re-distributive taxes burden the economy, assuming the Ricardian equivalence does not hold?
which policy (fiscal or monetary) is better to stabilize the cycle?
Incomplete information in multi stage game
What happens if a country omits the zeros of it's current money?
CES v. Leontief Aggregator in Production
Does the property values (or rental price) of a neighborhood/region increase with new residents taking up empty lots or apartments changing residency?
How the Balassa-Samuelson affect real exchange rate?
Why did the EUR/USD go down immediately when the Fed cut interest rate?
If the government introduces import quota will prices change for imported goods
Does consumption decrease directly lead to a shift in Aggregate Demand curve to the left?
Why is macroeconomics studied through "Shocks"?
What happens when a subsidiary distributes its shares to its parent company?
Industrial Economics Help
How does the Fed choose its asset purchase rate in an ample reserves era?
Can a bank have deposits at another bank?
What happens if the Central Bank does not absorb a BOP deficit/surplus?
What do the excess supply and demand numbers in this chart mean?
Does investment directly influence demand?
UK imports of German cars
Is measurement error in self-reported health a problem in this scenario...?
Why was the Glass-Steagall Legislation enacted?
finding optimal values of quantities through utility function when MRS is 1 and price ratio is 1:2
treatment of non-consecutive periods in panel and ʀ SFA
How does investment lead to generation of jobs?
Can Vroom's expectancy theory be applied in product marketing?
What is the graphic intuition behind Marginal rate of subsitution
Features of the set of Bayes Correlated Equilibrium in a single-agent decision problem with uncertainty
Interpretation of IMF Balance of Payments Data - Financial Account
Research and development data before 1970 for United States
Assumption of sufficient wealth in quasi-linear preferences
Optimal price function: application of calculus of variations
Quantity theory of money: microfoundations
Cobb-Douglas production function with expenditures rather than units
Gorman Polar Functional Form . Question
Why is Crowding out more effective at full employment?
Name of phenomenon where migrant workers receive decent wage but absolutely no chance of getting any government benefits
What are some similarities and differences between the 2001 recession and the 2007 recession in terms of causes and the effects on the economy?
Term for a policy that focuses on minimizing risk
Can I treat pooled cross-section as panel data and do regression analysis?
Log linearising (Gali textbook)
The notation cl co (A)
Net saving as a percentage of net income
Finding optimal lot size
Is a proft tax not distorting unless we know the opportunity cost?
Prototype Valuation of one mediacal device
why data for PPP conversion rates are given annually?
Impact of vegetarianism on the meat industries
Primary difference between FDR and Nixon for de-linking gold with dollar?
Maximin utility function
Social mobility and income inequality
Log-linearizing a non-separable utility function around the steady state
Hubzu.com bidding terminology - "value-based foreclosure auction"
Equilibrium level of national income calculation
Incentive Compatibility Construction Rule
The world's largest companies
List of countries moved to developed economies in the last 50 years
Transforming a matrix of explanatory variable in regression
What counts as a "dollar shortage" and how do we know which countries have one?
Why does equity have historically poor performance after rate cuts?
CPI and real quantities
Can the coming recession - or any recession - be avoided?
Why does one have to ask for a quote to get a price for some things?
Useful models/theory private debt and borrowed constrained households
Alternatives to Capitalism and Communism
Why is trade deficit a good thing?
Solow Model with a Capital Stock Externality
Specification bias - estimated variance is biased estimator of true variance of error term
Difference in import
Private Investment Impact on Bond Yields
can we compare data of only specific years in economics?
Whats the math behind calculating the price of cryptocurrency through supply and demand?
What is the difference between conditional and unconditional risk premia?
Moral hazard, bubbles, and economies of scale in limited companies and organizations
What does poorest country by population mean?
Solving a problem using CAPM and capital structure theory
Forecasting Volatility through GARCH and EGARCH models
Fixes of quadratic utility when probability of decreasing utility is large
utility maximization with nested Cobb–Douglas–CES preferences
How do I derive Hessian of this function and check for concavity?
Tariff Metrics & Objectives
Yield curve inversion and recession
Is a high borrowing rate bad?
Abraham (1987) Simple Job Market Matching Model
What is recession? Two quarters of -ve GDP or two quarters of slowing GDP?
Price of Anarchy when the cost is to society and not to the selfish agents
Why is the cash in circulation on the rise in rich countries?
regression method for data that contain a number of observation for several years
Why is income tax so high? (UK)
what is the difference between normal OLS simple linear regression and Canonical cointegrating regression?
The effect of financing of government debt on the yield curve
When the Central Bank sells a bond, where does the money go ultimately?
About gross domestic product at factor cost
Interpretation of the World Bank's definition of Portfolio equity inflows
In search for a simple mental bayesian model
Can the New Development Bank by BRICS countries compete with World Bank or IMF?
Determination of Value of gold in India by stock and share markets of India
Consumer's side and producer's side
Currency Devaluation - As a Means of Paying Off Debt
what are the advantages of using Canonical Cointegrating regressions?
Opportunity Cost effect on benefits
Where does the current debate stand on passive vs active monetary policy?
Why does the inverted yield curve occur with US Treasury securities?
Understanding lognormal distribution of stock prices
One Treated Unit That Becomes Untreated
Corporate finance - capm beta estimation
Which assets beat the injection of money and why?
Why a Current Account deficit implies a Financial Account surplus
Why people set expectations for economic data beforehand?
In this price model, employment grows with higher wages. Makes no sense
Sources of data for GDP and BoP accounts
Differences between GVA and NVA?
Trembling hand perfection and weakly dominated strategies
Terminology for t statistics using cluster robust standard errors
How can the replacement level fertility be 2.1 everywhere in the world?
What is the difference between a power law exponent and the Pareto exponent?
Is expensive private school a rational investment?
How can I calculate NPV and IRR in this case
Is it bad for the economy of a country if forreign firms buy companies?
Reference Request: The Effect of Wealth in Society
Difficulty Understanding CPI (Consumer Price Index)
Causes of trade deficit: Multiple views
Is the set of optimal strategies convex in a single-agent decision choice problem?
Acquiring a company :: How to treat working capital
Regarding Macroeconomic Models
Why is consumer surplus the area under the curve?
How far must one reason up the belief hierarchy?
Is Bayes correlated equilibrium relevant for dynamic games?
the question focuses on slutskys equaiton
What are the factors on which value of all resources ( good, silver, cash land etc. ) found in world changes over time?
What changes do I, as an individual, experience during a recession?
Why is there a need for multiple cryptocurrencies?
Why do some businesses choose scarcity as their business model instead of raising the price to meet the demand?
Performing good forecasts for the GDP
How is India able to increase its foreign exchange reserves despite historically running a trade deficit?
How is hyperinflation categorized, and how is it fixed?
Does a trade union of YouTubers exist?
The range of inflation dwindles means?
Retained Earnings and the Income Approach to GDP calculation
Derivation of aggregate demand function for Monopolistic Competition (based on Combes et. al, 2008)
How does interest rate impact exchange rate?
Rigorously Defining Newcomb's "Paradox"
Why is price dispersion from Inflation called relative price “distortion”?
Hep with total differentiation of an AD function
what is the methods to check the impact of regulation on gender pay gap
Rules of total differentials
Why is increased productivity infinitely good
Derive the growth rate of an equation
Debt Held By The Public
How to derive Hicksian demand?
Effect of a drop in interest rates in Indonesia on the US-China trade war
What would happen if fractional banking was phased out?
Implications for currencies pegged to USD of Chinese devaluation?
Can't we measure the growth in the income levels of poor?
Principal component analysis interpretation
What do game theorists think of behavioural economics?
Why do loans drive the economy?
Why growth of national income in current prices during inflation not measured in poor sections and poverty alleviation programs?
Why loans/debt can cause inflation?
What can we infer when a commodity has a high stock-to-flow ratio?
Microeconomics (Cost Functions)
Where does overseas money from exports go?
cost opportunity
How does buying more of a foreign currency devalue a nation's currency?
Data analysis with GARCH modeling
GARCH data modeling
Mean Variance Optimization in a Utility Maximization Framework
Does black scholes only work over an infinite time range?
monetary base caculation
Local vs. foreign currency denomination for Emerging Market Bonds
Is it just as profitable for a brokerage to service investments in 401k plans as opposed IRAs?
Indian Government has just got $24.4 Billion from Reserve Bank of India. How does this loan money will effect global as well as Indian economics?
What is the exact difference between Income Effect and Wealth Effect?
What is the purpose of a central bank holding interest rates to curb inflation?
'One Unit Change in the Explanatory Variable'
Who paid the bill for cheap Chinese exports?
is it possible to find PPP monthly data?
Overvaluation of a Currency
how to subtract linear regression result from numerical values on rstudio?
Why are prices made available to the public?
Define structural unemployment
The equilibrium effects of a change in government purchases on consumption
The Household Production Function
values of b1 change as sample values change?
Where can I find a comprehensive list of factors that determine demand for a product?
Why do the income and substitution effects cancel for log preferences? Trouble reconciling Slutsky decomposition
Can I Upload my Preprint on Arxiv Before Submitting it to JPE
Doesn't the concept of marginal utility speak to a cardinal utility function?
