My inverter keeps flipping between battery/mains slowly at first, then faster. Why?
how to control brushless dc servo motor?
arduino UNO light LEDs right-to-left and then reversed
Video signal attenuation
What is the purpose of the Arduino Uno power pins section?
Looking for device that help me split a n bit input bus, or n analog lines into two or more bus at output
Scrolling text with PIC16F688 on a 16x2 LCD
Assembly a custom mini-B USB connector
SMPS PCB Design Critic
ATmega fuses for external crystal oscillators greater then 8 MHz
Ultra low power/ simple flashing circuit
Range for low ESR capacitor
How do I do the 6 pin RJ11 to RS232 female serial adapter wiring?
What is this component?
PCB Matrix Touchpad?
How is this use of a transistor?
Is there an electrical design reason for phone SIM cards being inaccessible until a battery is detached?
LCD : what is the material inside
Charge 3x AAA from USB
Galvanic separation between a microcontroller and a motor driver
Glowing Nixie Tube
Glowing pressure plate
Shifting Complex Baseband Signal with Pilot Tone
Simple VU meter with Lm3915
What's the difference between NPN and PNP transistors?
Control paintball gun with Arduino/Similar Microcontroller
Finding Absolute Value In Verilog Data Designated by System C/Xilinx X
process and signal assignment
How to avoid latches during synthesis
representation of keywords
Pull-down's on CPLD
Is this galvanic isolation?
Solar panel short circuit
How do I look at all the footprints in a KiCAD library?
I want to build a DC powered computer, what are the gotchas, where are the parts?
Ceramic capacitors: how to read 2-digit markings?
Finding maximum current experimentally
Can the noise of any switching PSU be attenuated if I put linear regulator before the output?
Whence this difference in supply current?
Is FPGA the right way to go for recognizing cards from a desk?
Controlled Voltage Environments
What happens after a diode is used in breakdown region?
Implementing a CAN protocol layer in software
Desoldering from a graphics card
Is flash chip capacity really limited to the powers of 2?
How to build a POV display?
Which side of a PWM MOSFET should an inductor go on?
Design 3-bit Synchronous Counter
What's simplest way to measure mass or weight with Arduino
Characterizing Photodiode's angular response
What does 'random phase' means in a triac driver?
dsPIC33 and the upper half of PORTB
Negative voltage from Arduino?
Bypass capacitors for BGA packages
Circuit design questions related to powering laser from Arduino UNO
Cheapest way to translate 5V SPI signal to 3V SPI?
Arduino getting supply from digital pin?
Why are optoisolators white?
Chassis + Ground Safety
Increase the capacity of a 12v battery bank by adding new batteries
Drain-source voltage of a n-MOS
How to wire sennheiser headphones to an iphone headphone cable
High current hot switch capable
What's the third wire on a piezo buzzer?
Why everyone are building tesla coils instead of multipliers?
How it is possible to make bad audio amp?
What type of glue do I use on an LED?
How to output sounds over a headphone wire?
How does one go about programming a PIC microcontroller?
Driving hard drive voice coil actuator with PWM
purpose of driver
In VHDL, what is the difference between "downto" and "to"?
generic and generic map | total time delay for each files
Grounding of ADC grounds
ISR - Scope vs. Counter
Building a digitally controlled bench power supply using an AVR
Experience with lead-free synthetic solder paste?
Sending signals to USB port using C
Is direct current really better for pumped-storage hydroelectricity facilities?
Subtracting two voltages using an op-amp
Hardware required for measuring small weight changes?
Interview Question, what's limiting the output frequency for the FPGA circuit?
How to terminate 50 ohm transmission line without drawing DC
How use ferrite bead to reducing noise from charge pump?
Error in this explanation of instrumentation amplifier?
How to make a design more independent of a particular silicon vendor?
Controlling a 49 two-color LED matrix
What are the long term effects of Organic Surface Protection (OSP) on PCBs?
How does a capacitor block DC?
Sine wave frequency vs. PWM frequency (AVR)
Alternative to NTC Thermistor
Cheapest way to measure .1uL volume of liquid being dispensed from pipette tip
What kind of power supply should I be using to power the incandescent bulb inside the Big Dome Push Button?
Snubber design for switching an inductive mains load with a relay
Guide in choosing good overall PIC dev board
Feasibility of controlling a dimmable LED matrix
Driving H-Bridge Inverter via AVR (trilevel or bilevel PWM)
Phototransistor OpAmp - compensating for ambient light
implement usb slave on fpga
SMPS PCB Design Critic 2
Can two ATX SMPS be connected in series to get +10 and +24V DC
How to use Gas Discharge Tubes, Transils and other goodies together
How to get started using ngspice?
What is a short circuit at the electron level?
How can I measure voltages using DrDAQ board without building external sensor?
Charging marine battery while powering equipment
Electronic compass soft iron distortion
What value does ammeter or voltmeter measures (RMS, Average or Peak )?
Programming and using a flash memory PIC
Cost-effective storage of solar & wind generated power for home use
Entropy Source on Microchip PIC24F
How is Switching between standard electricity and solar/other electricity achieved?
R/C BEC with a 12v lead acid
Why does the LM1117 data sheet specifically specify tantalum capacitors?
SMPS PCB Design Critic 3
Fuse blowing in 12 multimeters rated for 200mA, only measuring 12.5mA. Why?
Bulletproof firmware upgrades
Protocol Analyzer in software?
Honeywell sensor protocol True IAQ system
microcontroller low battery indicator
Reusing something unrelated as a hardware adder for code optimization
Seeing sine wave output from external oscillator but expect to seeing square wave output
Changing the standard "message" on PIC24F shown on Android
Bootstrap Capacitor Selection with IR2110/3
Oscilloscope using laptop microphone input...is that possible?
Strange (flyback?) diode in a circuit with a transistor switching an inductor
What Are Lock Bits?
Using microcontroller as oscillator for high voltage power suppy?
Drawing Out Circuits from SPICE Description
What is back-emf: counter-electromotive force?
How does this transistor work?
Is my MOSFET-based bidirectional level shifter insane?
Fritzing unrouted connections with Autoroute
Feedback on PCB layout for Half-Bridge
PICkit3 vs PICkit2
My linear voltage regulator is overheating very fast
Serial to USB converter
Issues in developing on OSK5912 (OMAP Processor)
Decomposing Kinect Laser Projector - Is it really safe?
TI Application Report - What are those additional resistors in the low pass filter
Electrical Characteristic of a piezo buzzer
Driving 12V halogen lamps (downlights)
Electronic components in Powerpoint
Communication between Microchip PIC24F & Android device
Handling timer overflow and compare interrupts in ATMega328 (Arduino)
Design of Wiring Harness Tester for Automobiles
Strain Gauge with Instrumentation Amplifier question
Resistors values to use with LM317
What kind of glue should I use for PCB-mounted components to avoid vibrations?
Arduino Mega 2560 -- Ports F & K as digital outs?
Control hacked servo motor speed using L293D and PWM
Guidelines on branching of a PCI express signal
Why was Mini USB deprecated in favor of Micro USB?
Is the flatness of DC output of a typical ATX power supply unit worse than a power adapter?
How do I calculate the self discharge rate of a lead acid battery?
Why Periodic Signals has only integer frequencies but non-periodic does not?
Stepping up 3V to 5V
Examples of schemes for Microcontrollers STM32
What happens when you connect a 16bit analog device to a 10bit adc
Combining hand-routing and auto-routing in Eagle; selective ripup in an Eagle ULP
Why use a three opamp instrumentation amplifier?
Capacitors, fluid models, and pumps
Creation of Trap Levels in Band Gap Energy
Is there an Amp + Volt-meter on a chip or should I use the Arduino Analog?
How to measure capacity of a Lithium-ion battery
Calculating gain of Amplifiers
A tiny problem with the teensy board
Designing C-meter, 8-9 precise digits
draw 30W @ 5v to run LED light string and Arduino from a car battery?
How do I smooth out the voltage from a pulse-charger?
How can I avoid voltage spikes when connecting/disconnecting a 12v battery?
Cheap FPGA dev board
Detecting proximity (< 15cm) to a linear device
Trying to identify an unknown current-source symbol
DDR2-SDRAM Termination methods: passive vs. active
Touchscreen DMM Development Board
Data sheet inductance (R/A ?)
How do I choose a lamp?
How can I actuate a relay coil from a headphone jack's internal SPDT?
How to wire up a 3-wire load cell/strain gauge and an amplifier?
How does a RAM work with a CPU?
Replace tiny resistor with a physically larger one?
corroded battery on old calculator
Any free software to compute boolean expression?
How to plot current in ngspice?
How can I find a replacement for a transistor?
Multiple buttons on 1 analog VS one digital per button:Power Consumption
Choicing crystal or external oscillator for time critical project on PIC18F
What are Discrete and Continue Frequencies?
Why all digital signals have infinite bandwidth?
Information content of amplitude modulation versus single-sideband transmission
Adding Diode Model to gschem
Am I drawing more current if I'm giving multiple paths from supply to ground?
Solution to detect key present in door lock?
Typical (cell-phone quality) audio modules and formats
Is it possible to code an animation into hardware?
Building an inverter to charge various devices
Is a class I infra red laser range finder with range 30-40 metres possible?
How a 2-1 multiplexer (MUX) work?
Comparison Between SPICE Simulators
Tx/Rx UART communication between 2 MCU over 1 line
How could I create a high-precision voltage with the atmega128?
Average Fanout of Non-Clock Nets
Multiple pulses from single button press
Friend used a 12V power adapter instead of a 9V adapter without looking. Is my guitar effect pedal wrecked?
Good graphing/interpreting software
Homebrew CPUs/Low Level Design
Adding a second extruder to reprap
How useful is Horsehair brush for cleaning populated PCB
Cutting a MCPCB
Reading a Li-po battery's remaining charge
Compiler / Assembler (Toolchain) for PIC micro's using Ubuntu 11.04
What's the technical limit to how small RFID-like system antenna can be?
Is it normal for my dsPIC to run warm?
Logic problem with alarm system?
High-Side Not Working in Half-Bridge
I2C routing configuration
Equivalent circuit of a solid state relay
Can capacitors be exposed to temperatures above the max. operating temp?
How would I go about replacing a CCFL laptop LCD scrren backlight with LEDs?
System Generator: How to make a buffer implementation
Simple power line communication circuit PLC design?
How to carry high current on PCB
120v variable resistor controlled by 5v?
Switching DC with MOSFET: p-Channel or n-Channel; Low Side Load or High Side Load?
MOSFET as a Switch - When is it in Saturation?
Can I get the chip or electronic kit of a USB keyboard alone whithout the plastic case?
How does this carry look ahead block work?
System Generator: Does an fft block need a buffer?
System Generator:How to know how many clock cicles are nedeed for my FFT block?
Arduino Power On notebook PC
Not sure how to wire my 5VDC to 120VAC arduino relay board
Building an Ultrasound Generator
What is the theoretical maximum data transfer rate of a pair of wires in a phone cable?
Attaching electronics to a spinning surface without a battery
Thermocouple connection question
Protecting low power cables from heat
Low power Wi-Fi embedded modules recommendation?
Is it safe to run long I/O wires to a microcontroller?
Changing all via and routing sizes at once (Altium Designer, PCB Design)
Placing an ultrasonic sensor in a corrosive environment
How are SMD microcontrollers preloaded with code?
Do it yourself: baby call monitor
What is USON package? Is it the same with UTDFN
Is the Serial Port pin CTS an inverse logic, meaning if you have a logic high input the PC terminal will register a logic low?
Where should an increase in harmonic frequencies go in the Nyquist formula?
Simplest 42.8 MHz generator
Large Multiplexers/Data Selectors
Analog connection with DVI-I cable
VHDL type mismatch error
Ripple counters versus synchronous--pros, cons, and power consumption
How to unsolder a flow soldered board with a large ground plane
Cheap effective proximity sensors for detecting people?
What are the relevant parameters for a reverse-biased LED light sensor?
Differentiate between clapping and talking
C++ classes for I/O pin abstraction
Getting Started with Altera CPLDs
Circuit Simulation
I having troubling understand what other interrupt firing besides TMR2 on PIC18f4550
What type of solder is safest for home (hobbyist) use?
ADC required for 24v i/p
Are there types of passive RFID tag which can connect to control logic?
How do I test a circuit breaker out of the circuit box, and still hooked up to the circuit box?
Understanding MIPS
If the energy meter sees a reactive load, will it register a lower reading?
How much voltage/current is "dangerous"?
Do batteries lose voltage as they're used up?
Is there a limit to the number of kilo-watt hours an AAA (or AA) battery can hold?
Tradeoffs between transmitting and listening with low-power 2.4GHz
Help using MOSFET to switch on/off IC
Criticize SMPS PCB Design
Finding simulator-specific range for user-defined physical type
Sample Application with LHI 778 PIR Sensor
Extending UM91214B to support more channels
Sending Via PIC18F97J60 EUSART
How to get a PIC12F1822 running at 32MHz
PLL versus putt-putt-skip, putt-putt-wait, fractional-rate division, or other approaches
Suggestion for an easy-to-use connector+cable for simple hobbyist sensor project
Arduino, best way to talk with multiple SPI devices (LED drivers)
interface thermal printer with 8051
Communicating multiple PICs with one PC
Controlling multiple motor drivers with one Arduino
How does temperature affect wireless transmission?
Where is the Eagle component library for 0.1" breakaway headers?
Switch 5V with back voltage protection
How can I disassemble an iPhone 4 battery without damaging it?
FPGAs or CPLDs for "Glue Logic" and Video/LCD Capabilities
KCL vs KVL in circuit analysis
Which electric components could make a high pitch sound when defected?
Probes with protection against slipping?
Makefile error while compiling LwbT using TI Microcontroller IDE
How to avoid interference in wireless communication?
What electrical connectors to use underwater?
How do I determine the requirements of a switching FET?
When to use what transistor
Linux on ARM Cortex-M3 series
Interfacing with SD card in Graphics Display Designer (MicroChip)
Twin-T Active Notch Filter Analysis
PWM to vary the light intensity of a 220V bulb
DC Motor very high acceleration
Reducing strobing of LED based household light bulbs
How to know that I am grounded with an anti-static wrist strap?
Is it possible to use a Microchip PIC32 as a USB host and device at the same time?
When should I fire the TRIAC's gate when controlling an inductive load (AC motor)?
SSR vs optocoupler with TRIAC output
Path for a child to learn electrical engineering
IGBT as a switch
Data modulation over Bluetooth headset profile?
AA Battery charger and re-chargeable battery
Need help identifying some sort of "wire"
How to find out if electrical outlet ground is working?
How to calculate typical signal trace clearance?
Confusing oscilloscope calibration signal
anti-static top for a workbench
Where to buy pin headers with non-standard pitch (1.5 mm)?
Replacement for 2N6027
Is it considered a hack to use an op-amp in place of a relay?
How to indicate different voltage levels in schematic drawing
ERC error "ErrType(3): Pin connected to some others pins but no pin to drive it"
How to group >4 variable k-maps
Protoboard/Veroboard alternative for huge LED sign?
AA Battery Level
how much is it safe to common-ground power supplies?
When is a FPGA preferred instead of a CPLD, and vice versa?
What does this CAN bus waveform mean?
Can I Test Bug Zapper's Voltage With Multimeter?
Grounding and AC Applications w/ Microchip ICD 3
Can I use arduino USART tx and rx separatly?
Relay current ratings
How can I get touchscreen (HID) data into Windows 7?
Is there any reasoning behind component names?
USB barcode scanner and Arduino
What are chip name macros are available in the HI-TECH C compiler?
Working with the MSGEQ7 clock input
Why doesn't my 5050 led strip draw as much power as I expect?
What LED form factor is this?
how to run 12V x 2 battery inverter in (12V x 2)+(12V x 2)?
Binary Counter not synchronous
Will a faster rate of change of flux improve electricity generation?
Moral Designs - Or - My Parts Match Your Parts?
Triggering a capacitive sensor electronically?
What is ALC on a preamp?
Home automation protocols in Europe
Connector name/where to buy
Creating -24V @ 750 mA from a Variable DC lab supply
Standard PCB Layout Book
in dsPIC33 assembler, can I use all of the w registers?
Could smoke allow arcs to form?
How can I evaluate or speculate on a part's production lifetime for long term part sourcing?
How to design high-current through hole solder connection to large planes
Where is my kseg0_boot_mem? (PIC32)
How should I setup the PIC's LCDREF register?
What files/directories are needed to recreate a Xilinx PlanAhead project?
Input voltage range of opamps
From Transistor to Gates
Control Dielectric vs. Controlled Impedance
What Would I Need Electrical Wire Testing Hooks For?
Low cost PCI Express development board
Why connect capacitors to motor body?
8-pin JTAG for Marvell Sheeva board
How to design a simple linear DC circuit in Ngspice?
How does a wind farm prevent the fastest spinning turbine from driving the slowest one?
Device Cannot Start on AVRISP mkII + AVR Studio 4.19 730 Parallels 7 + Windows 7 64
RS232 which pin i can connect together to receive a input signal in my Java application listening on ttyUSB0 or ttyS0?
What is the purpose of carbon brushes in an electric motor
Electronic Circuit Simulator API/Libraries
Do transformers use Aluminium windings?
How to make a SCSI-3 terminator?
CEC Level 5 Design Constraints
How does Near Field Communication protect from unwanted long-distance communication?
Should chassis ground be attached to digital ground?
Can the coil in a magnetic field be replaced by a copper mesh?
Low power, low voltage, slow (0.1Hz) oscillator?
Overview of ARM-MCUs
Visa payWave, MasterCard PayPass and ExpressPay, NFC and RFID
How does a wind turbine protect the bank from a reversal in polarity when spin direction is reversed?
Strange bug when Interfacing with Shift Register (CPLD) via SPI
Cannot use HardwareSerial pointers or references in my Lib for Arduino AVR?
Are there any interesting present-day or historical uses of "resistor priority" logic?
In a ~3 amp circuit, is it required for all ground trace widths to be the same?
How do those 3.5mm stereo to mono adapters work?
Intrinsic Gain vs. Voltage Gain
Small signal diagram for a PMOS
extract components from SMD
Relationship between sampling rate and number of levels/bits in PCM
Reading very low capacitances with Arduino
How to calculate equivalent resistance?
Your thoughts on connecting multiple leds in parallel and series
When does controlled impedance on a PCB matter?
Can Desoldered Solder Be Still Handy?
Transistor terminal impedence?
Audio: 2 Speakers * 200 Watt versus 1 Speaker * 400 Watt?
What if I try to connect a 12V@0.16A computer case fan to my USB port?
Arduino Proto Shield Kit
Prevent voltage drops on Arduino
Is there a free hosting site for electrical engineering projects?
How do I isolate an open collector MISO from a non-open collector MISO?
Connectors for quick swapping PCB components
Safe to use PWM source to control lights via MOSFET?
Is is OK to drive AD620 with +-5V and expecting the output range up to 3.3V?
Developing a compiler and linker for embedded systems
What's so special in "near field" and is it used in Near Field Communication?
Bare pin arduino breadboard connection
Range-limited integers or unsigned/signed in VHDL
What Protective Eyeware Should I Use for Protection From Soldering Fumes?
Getting notes from a classical guitar using Arduino
Whole current meter
Algorithm for mixing 2 axis analog input to control a differential motor drive
No LSE connection to STM32. Is it OK?
VHDL 2008 fixed and floating point type synthesis support?
Is it normal to have a rats-nest of VCC/GND traces under an IC?
Convert -24V to 5V (Digital)
Picking a microcontroller
Are there any SD cards optimized for single block read/writes?
Required Bandwidth for ASK
How to determine overflow from an adder/subtractor?
Powering a 30 watt computer in the middle of the desert
Controller Resets after Enabling Cache
4017 counter: Why do some LEDs have multiple connections in this traffic light circuit?
Adding voltage cutoff to a circuit?
Deciding between 7.4V and 11.1V power
What is/are the minimum sensor(s) is needed to get inclination/tilt/pitch of project with roll compesation?
Carry look ahead adder/subtractor & Overflow, Negative Bits
SPI Signal Integrity
What does a half-digit means in case of accuracy?
Temperature logging setup for refrigerator
Calculating the sensitivity of an ADC with respect to resolution
Extended Instruction Set mode for PIC18F with Hi-Tech Compiler
Any nice way to use unbonded CPLD pins as registers
How to calculate Vout in this resistors network?
How does the current know how much to flow, before having seen the resistor?
Electronics for depth perception
How can I identify lead-free solder if it's unpackaged?
Can a Computer Motherboard Speaker/Buzzer output voltage switch a relay?
Is There An Automatic Precision Screwdriver For Small Works?
How do these new-fangled phone chargers achieve step-down?
How 1-bit was stored in Flip flop?
Making a Functional Computer out of an Arduino Uno
Do PIC micorcontrollers NEED an external oscillator?
What is the white powdery stuff that leaks out of a battery if I accidentally submerge it in water?
Scan for mobile phones?
Why aren't components in DIP package shipped with straight pins?
Can you put a 120vac positive line into a breadboard?
MSP430 Illegal Instruction
What would happen if 2.4 Volts is applied, instead of 1.25 Volts, to an FPGA?
What options are available to sniff LVDS communications?
Meaning of phase in Fourier Transform of audio signal
Can I connect a capacitor in parallels to power supply of a router
Why are these similarly spec'd DC-DC converters an order of magnitude different in price?
Calculating Circuit Delay
Connect two Arduinos via simple Serial connection
Compact Fluorescent Lamp Load Calculations
PCB and trace design for high-speed TTL
PN532 + libnfc + linux
Inductance and "kick back" voltages
alternative to 4017 decade counter for iterating over matrix columns
Measuring duration and distances between pulses
How much current can I supply to power PIC12F675?
Adjustable linear led driver? Linear, not PWM
Voltage Controlled Current Source integrated circuit? Exists?
How do you get eye diagrams?
Need help with hardware and software config on PIC12F675 to light up an LED
RS-232 Zero (-7V) drops when I connect db9 connectors
Spectrum of a LED
What is the sum of maxterms \$M4+M7\$?
Which DIODE for 12V lighting circuit?
Would a PIC suit me better than an AVR?
Feed a "solar" charge controller from AC->DC power supply?
Is there a solution for converting printed schematics to spice netlists?
How much change is allowed after a device has been FCC certified?
Calculating the distance between 2 stations in a transfer
Hacking the ArduCopter Software
interfacing a 8051 to a altera de1 board
What is the functional difference between an in-circuit-debugger and an in-circuit emulator?
First PIC microcontroller family to learn? and resources? development board?
Transponder pulse signal width measurement
Stopping the clock without gating the clock
How to simulate zener and normal silicon diodes in series to obtain IV curve (with icaps or any other simulation packages)?
Pickit J3 expansion header pinout
Effect of parasitic capacitance on an ideal signal?
Controlled impedance in presence of vias and through-hole components (PTHs)
Ultra low noise power supply
Need help with software config on PIC12F629 to blink LED
How to non-destructively test unknown LED strip?
HCMOS drivers impedance table
12W Antex Iron taking 15+ seconds to melt my lead-free solder, do I need a new Iron?
Good resources/books for electromagnetics and other advanced concepts
Driving DC motor rated at 24VDC@2A Max with 50VDC@10A 40% duty cycle possible?
What template in Microsoft Visio would one use to lay out a digital design?
Broken headset, repaired, but microphone doesn't work on computer, does work on phone
Help with design of current load sense circuit
Why does USB have 4 lines instead of 3?
Decoupling capacitors on the bottom layer?
How to calculate magnitude and phase different of impedence
what is the default internal clock for pic16f1946?
What is the job of the capacitor in a 555 circuit?
how do i drive the h bridge to control a motor?
Question about the basic differences between a MOSFET and a FET
Constructing a logic circuit with a control line
MOSFET Turns on without voltage on the gate?
Design of basic PCB
PIC18F + MAX232 USART Bizarreness
Capacitor current leakage measurement using transimpedance amplifier
Do electromagnetic shielding stickers do anything?
Whats the difference with Carry Look Ahead Generator & Block Carry Look Ahead Generaor
Need to isolate my ammeter (measuering and powering the unit from same power source)
Charging 3 AAs in series
Issues implementing an up/down counter
Serializing 4 channels to 1 
How Signal Integrity check in Altium Designer compares to HyperLynx?
Noise on simple proto
LM3915 Circuit how to adjust input level?
What software I can use for CPLD programming?
Powering my Prototype PCB - onboard Regulator or External Supply?
PCB layout questions for MCU breakout board
Operation without power: Passing analog video
Calculating Thevenin equivalent circuit with series current source
HSR412 (solid state relay) parallel circuit connection not working?
How to conduct mesh analysis on a current source in series with a resistance?
AC to DC rectifier, smoking
Differentiating between a square wave or sawtooth wave with a circuit...?
Type 2 compensation network
Pin numbering on LPC2148
How to decap a chip to expose the die?
Removable/soluble potting compound?
What is wrong with this attempt at an SDR RAM in Verilog?
Transistor in saturation mode?
Using old notebook battery to power electric screwdriver
How is Capacity affected by distance?
How far is "too far" when routing traces for crystals, and how asymmetrical is "too much"?
Is there any 8080 Series Parallel Interface standard?
Gate Output as a Switch?
How should unidentifiable breakers and fuses be represented in arc flash studies?
Backdriven stepper motor "powering" rest of the board
PIC and LCD Conflict on PORTC
Why does "flashing" prevent ghosting on E-Ink displays?
Ethernet: how important is the magnetics topology?
How are molded-case circuit breaker trip ratings determined?
Simple constant current source that doesn't die on voltage spikes
Differences of Solder Gun, Heat Gun? (In Ref. to PS3 YLOD)
LM317 Heat sink, how big?
Passing data from Python to Arduino over ethernet
Voltage and current don't seem to match up
How is a connector with only edge contacts as in MagSafe practically possible?
Creating an ASM file that will return the characters located in 8 consecutive registers
Designing a linker script for use with MPLAB ICD 2
Load capacitance for RTC Crystal
Question on RGB LED Array
relation between com port, jtag and uart
Recommendation for si4734 external clock source
what is a thyristor
dsPIC33 Code Protection, how does it work?
Going from Transistors to Gates to.....IC's?
When converting 120vac to 12vdc, does the wattage & amperage change?
Arduino and Interrupts: Fast way to get pin values
Generic PIC 40-Pin and 18-pin development boards
Kinds of PCB Boards
How is this circuit for level converting (5V<>3.3V) working?
Storing data to NVRAM
Breakout Boards and C-Compilers
Conductivity of water, and risk of shock? (fact checking)
Linking two 4511's to drive two independent seven digits displays
2 SMPS - Does it make sense?
how grid tie invertor works?
ARM LPC1751 pins configured as  I/O
Localized Star Network From Bulk Cap?
DE2 Expansion Header Mystery
Tapped buck converter
Trying to program an FPGA. (Altera Cyclone II)
Features values of typical BJT/MOS transistors
Max current for USB powered Arduino?
Using a telephone cable to power up a light blub
Low "Hum" Frequency Detector
Water overflow pail detector
How to build a 27 degree Celsius heat generator / heater
Thermocouple effect on low voltage/current signals in PCB and connectors
Diode Strings I-V Curve questions(cont)
Are there RTCs with 100Hz output?
checking solar panels current
Best way to diagnose embedded computer in field problems?
RS-485 over many 1000s ft, ground wire and termination always needed?
LM317 Ripple Rejection
How do I pull a variable from Arduino Ethernet-Shield using PHP (WAMP server)?
Recommendations for microcontroller programming under Linux
Powering a DC to DC power supply that came without an adaptor
what's the cheapest/fastest way to put a potentiometer on an ac fan?
Resistor wattage?
Can I use a 220V incadescent bulb to drain a 12V battery?
Understanding the circuit diagram on a filter
When Arduino catch interrupt, is noInterrupts() called?
Can batteries be wave soldered?
Obtaining a -3.3v with +3.3v and ground
Development with InvenSense MPU-6000/6050 - where to begin?
Why are h-parameters used?
Designing a low-pass filter
What file formats do oscilloscopes export?
Harddisk LED Power Supply
Can I plug 4 Ohm speakers to 16 Output directly?
USART communication with PIC16F688
Determine MOSFET switching speed
Is it possible for a SPI slave to talk to other slaves?
can pins 3 and 11 on the 556 timer use the same capacitor to ground?
Is it possible to simulate ISP loader?
bit bang programming with a 1/222.2ns clock
Fez Panda External Power Source
Which device amplifies the optical signal in fiber optics?
What is an INTERLOCK in J1939?
How do I condition a signal with an op-amp that needs a negative rail where one is not provided?
Calculating symbolic input impedance of Multiple Feedback Low-Pass filters
How to correctly simulate this filter?
Thermal adhesive for chip heat sink
How to identify Self Complementing Code?
Can I using nichrome wire to light a candle electronicaly?
Is silver-bearing solder appropriate for general hobbyist use?
help to debug thermometer circuit
Re-programming an AVR from another MCU over SPI?
Induction charging for diy projects?
Electrical locking mechanism (on timer)
How do snap-on induction charging systems not interfere with device functioning
What are Y5V or Z5U capacitors good for?
Help identifying a capacitor
In the world of bipolar stepper motors, what is dead time and blanking time?
Does the pin order matter for an EPS12V 8-pin +12V connector?
How do you calculate a DC offset from RMS and peak to peak voltage
How to blink an LED on ARM STR9
soldering wires between two points on a perfboard
How does AS1130 132-channel LED driver work?
How should I set up my text in Eagle for the maximum chance of success?
Recommendations for essential measurement/bench tools for HV experimentation
dsPIC33 Flashing with BIN file
How to connect printer port with rs232 and usb in 8051 circuit?
Sub-Miniature version of the 12AU7 valve (vacuum tube)
Is possible to compile and programme ATtiny10 with AVR CrossPack?
arduino duemilanove why does it have 1k resistors on txd and rxd
Stepper motor getting very hot: wrong driver or power supply?
LTspice: when I turn a schematic into a subcircuit it behaves differently. Why?
Transistor or Relay which I will use
Voltage problem in printed circuit with switches
What is the software used in this image(semiconductor simulation)?
Can I safely trickle charge a 24v garage actuator battery with a pair of 12v solar panels?
LED "Underdrive"
Newbie: resistor and capacitor symbols meaning
Differences between atmega32u2 and atmega32u4?
Audio Amplifier PCB Design Tips
What's the difference between DSUB25F and DSUB25M?
Measuring voltage across a resistor using a micro controller
Op-amps and Capacitive Loads
IEC socket rated for 250V at 10A - can it be used for 13A @230v?
Would any current flow when batteries and resistors are set up like this?
What are analog and digital signals?
What exactly are 'pins'?
Why is it that disk storage has increased exponentially over the years, while disk access times barely improved?
How to interpret voltage/current for relay?
Supermesh Analysis of circuit of two loops
difference between output resistance, ro, and finite output resistance Ro?
Code for ripple effect of an 8x8x8 LED cube Arduino
How does a nine volt battery make a spark?
Adding mAh when wiring battery cells in series?
When should you or shouldn't you use a specific fet?
Creating a one-digit scoreboard using logic circuits
Time-series Statistical Analysis with FPGA
AC coupling on PCIe layout
How to detect angular position of a device mounted on a rotating wheel?
Is there any way to feed a signal (line-in) into a mobile phone?
What is ISCAS85 benchmark?
Typical GSM current profile
Zener Diode for Minimum Voltage Regulator
Parallel charging of lipo batteries, maximum voltage difference?
Why are pull up resistors more common than pull down resistors?
bridge from wireless mesh network to mobile device over bluetooth or wifi
How to set power when given fixed supply voltage?
IR Led Strobe - Arduino
Increase capacitor voltage rating by using multiple capacitors?
LED lighting with incandescent spectrum?
LM338 based psu with arduino based voltmeter
Solar Panels Series / Parallel Switching Circuit
Why would btfss fail sometimes on PIC12f1822
Looking for and SMD optocoupled TRIAC
Difference between PIC16F877 and PIC16F877A?
How Precise can I get with Accelerometer and Gyroscope
What type of USB Protocol for Datalogger
High Voltage Series Pass Transistor - Low Voltage Control
what is the sequence and how it is going?
Does this amplifier work with 5V?
Why does LTSpice say that my "Matrix is singular" for this ideal-transformer circuit? 
Do diamagnetic material exhibit induction?
How does an 8-4 multiplexer function?
LTSpice Automation
Where does the power dissipation go in this Thévenin equivalent?
How are Sensors Interpreted by the Microcontroller?
Homemade printing and soldering for small components.. the best way
Simulating Multiple Feedback Low Pass filter using LTSPICE
Why can't I find cheap TQFP 44 sockets?
Standard text LCD menu system
Safe AC Halloween shock
Why are NAND Gates cheap?
Using a rectifier and chopper in place of a transformer
Does the arduino (ATMEGA328P) ADC really only sample periodically?
Is the wrong antenna worse than no antenna?
Not use current limiting resistor for switching device on off using TIP122 possible?
How do you build a machine in a solid block?
What was the motivation for making behavioral descriptions such a big part of Verilog?
Implementing Logic Using 2x4 Decoder (Confusions with Non/Negated Inputs/Outputs)
MIPS Assembly Memory Addressing "Pseudo Direct Addressing"
How does this capacitor work in this schematic?
What does "MXJ" on a connector mean?
Arduino analog input from an amp that uses a reference pin?
Toggle output lines on a PIC24FJ64GB110 processor
What are some economical ways to get a remote analog video feed?
Arduino and Central Locking
reading cylindrical connector schematic
Can I provide a negative input voltage to this (or any) ADC?
dsPIC33, SPI slave, and Timer1 interrupts. What happens?
PB7, PD7 (on ATMega32) won't work when pull ups enabled. Also PC6 and PC7 don't show output
digitalRead sampling rate for Arduino Uno
What is the purpose of this op amp?
Do LEDs Need UVLOs (Undervoltage-Lockouts)?
Diode substitution in power supply
DVI adapter for a 2x15 pin LCD plug
Playing .mp3/.wav file using AVR ? How
What is the X3 header on the Arduino Duemilanove used for?
Source level debugging on Arduino?
Custom Boards With Custom Programmed Microcontroller
Is it possible to custom program AVR by putting it in the AVR socket of an Arduino?
Is there a tool to generate .svf file for XMEGA programming?
Measuring temperature with a PTO and a microcontroller
What is a good communicaton device among teensy and arduino besides "XBees"
Are there op amps in Logicworks?
12 bit vs 14/16bit ADC for ph sensor interface
UART on PIC24FJ64GB110
Modern Destructive Readout Memory
Small signal probe
Trying to get my head around RTSP and failing miserably
Dedicated 6 channel PWM controller
How To Calculate Fluorescent To Incandescent Wattage?
PIC24FJ64GB110 and 25AA160
Recommendation for default settings for unused pins on an STM32 (ARM Cortex M3) - pull up/pull down?
What is the practical use of a phase response plot?
How to pass string for EEPROM write for ATMega32? (in the following code)
Unity Gain Op Amp outputting odd voltage
Magnetometer dynamic calibration
How do I shield my pc-speakers from mobile interference?
Unlimited swivel connector
Suggested FPGA board
How to Convert 0 to 10V analog signal to 0 to 2.5V for ADC input?
PH interfacing to ADC
Two way switch, original was 16 AMP, can I use a new 10 AMP?
Call Serial.print in a separate tab/header file
Question regarding use of low voltage high current outputs
What power motor should be used to power a Segway-like device
RN41 Bluetooth module with MSP430 to Android device
How can I construct an 8 x 1 multiplexer from two 4 x 1 multiplexers with enable inputs?
Oops: shielded inductor very close to a crystal. Problem?
How to shift out 16 bits fast on arduino board
What does granularity mean?
Voltage Level Shifting
I2C 5 <-> 3.3V Interface Chip
Suppression capacitors? What type should I use?
Simple circuit to limit current through a FET
What size/shape window for a WiFi board inside a metal box?
Desoldering Issues
What kind of chip can a person download sound from PC into
Can I dunk a peltier (TEC) module in ethanol?
Why are 555 IC pin diagrams so random?
Help on identifying a component (marked 8C609)
Is there a device to control the current in a solenoid
Clock generation of 9 phases of clock
Combining netduino with Ethernet Shield
Simple radiated EMC measurement
Negative Inductance and Cascaded DC/DC Converter Instability
dsPIC33 and Programmers
What does it mean 0.1" w.c. to 20" w.c.?
Contactor vs. Breaker-type Automatic Transfer Switches
Conducting plastic for capacitive touchscreens
Parallel Port - Voltage / Current required for input pin
Creating a bus port in custom made part in LogicWorks
Augment battery-run device power with 100mA solar cell?
Efficient low power regulation? i.e. 9 -> 5 Volts
How are various functions (eg. add, subtract, and, etc) implemented in ALU?
1 GHz RF bandpass filter
shooting object by using a DC motor
R-2R for HQ sound output
PH differential instrumentation amplifier
How to boost current through encoder/decoder IC's?
Basic 741 Op Amp Question
UL 508A - Listed assembly in unlisted enclosure?
Do IC's in DIP sockets require an extraction tool?
Do I also need a multimeter if I buy a digital oscilloscope?
Looking for a good freeware/open source PCB design software equivalent to Altium
basic arduino question - do I need a 555 timer?
When is a short not really a short?
Can a cathode tube light be run off a battery?
For a nerve-teste circuit, what causes the shock at low voltage?
Softwares to do a simple electrical project to a house
Power efficiency on PIC/AVR
The motor gets slower and continues to decrease in speed when using 6+ transistors in the circuit, why does this happen?
USB descriptor tool?
5v Power Supply Tutorial
Very small AC to DC convertor
What are these connectors called?
Motor control with an Arduino Uno... Is it possible (and safe)?
changing direction of solenoid
How to determine if a Carry Look Ahead Adder Overflows
100k EEPROM writes "per bit" or as a whole?
Programmable DS1077 Oscillator: Cannot set the DIV register
hard drive head/seek motor with Arduino?
How does the current limiting resistor for an LED affect current and voltage drops?
4 to 20ma current loops - best power and receiver practices?
Critical path for Carry-Skip adder
What's wrong with my C++ Template code for Arduino?
PIC16F877 analog pin configuration
Is designing and producing a dirt cheap charger really that hard?
Use a lithium ion battery from a laptop, for a small project?
Dirt cheap NiCad charger
J1939 Protocol?
How to power a widget, while the li-ion battery is charging?
How to change polygon clearance in Altium
Would there be any problem putting reverse-parallel diodes in parallel with the inputs of a microammeter?
Wall transformer amperage
POE Battery Survey Toolkit
Is it a good idea to use potentiometer to measure angle?
Switching-on/off 1000V * 1000A in 10ns
Amplifying and filtering a very low frequency signal(Bandwidth of 4Hz)
vhdl synthesis optimization: counters in statemachines
Have I got these simple power calculations right? (for battery consumption)
What does the Select and Load inputs of a RAM do (in Logisim)?
MIPS Main Control Logic
"Breaking-in" lithium polymer batteries:Is there any research on that?
Tristate and having low and high at the same time
RS-232 switching
A good 3V single supply OpAmp recommendation for a transimpedance amplifier
How can an LED series continue to work after an LED goes bad?
Bus Contention - Output Pin driving another Output Pin
Modding a dremel to accept 230volts
Circuitry for Running Many Small Motors
Breakaway Glass Triggering
End of MFI ? Cable to arduino n others
Diodes in series, 3kV
Inverting the input and output of a UART
USB: what are the advantages (or disadvantages) or using HID over serial-over-USB?
Voltage/current conversion
NTSC -> ADC -> USB. A video digitzer circuit
Unobtrusive sensor for detecting touch on a plush toy?
When charging mobile decices using an external battery is DC > USB more efficient than AC > USB?
Transformer with 3 secondary taps
Resistor for RF Attenuator
How feasible is creating a plug in -out hardware system ? is it possible ??
Why exactly is connecting/disconnecting circuits with power on dangerous?
how can i increase the output current in a transformerless power supply?
Increasing current capability of a Pin
Difference between cascade and cascode?
USB "Serial" Transceivers (PHY)
How to create a simple audioplayer-device for a single soundeffect
Operation of infinite switch
230V to 12V step down transformer
Newbie: ATmega32u2 USB-powered application - which variant?
Newbie: ATmega32u2 USB-powered - how to ground?
Sensing a USB device plugged in without having to supply 5 volt power all the time
Interrupt handling for a UART on PIC32 with C32 v2.00 compiler
Can't get special PIC32 linker section to show up in output file
How to know a device is FCC certified?
What does the term "slow drift" mean?
State diagram Implementation
Ultra High sensitive sound capturing sensors
Is there a built-in serial number in PIC chip?
Differences between parallel resistor-capacitor filters and series resistor-capacitor filters
STM32 ADC Noise 2
Reliability of anti-static packaging
ATmega32u2 fuse bits - can destroy using FLIP?
Optotriac doesn't turn off
Are page table walks cached?
How am I able to jump my car when I ground one of the jumpers?
Resistive Touch Screens
Can faster processors/clocks execute more code?
Altium: Create library part from a schematic symbol
OpenServo and I2C Syncronization
What's the next step in my track to become an Embedded Hardware or Hardware Engineer?
Controlling Electromagnet Via USB
RF Design - Microstrip vs. Lumped Components
What is the OpenServo good for?
Help with TIP122 darlington transistor
effect of wheel diameter on line following robot
A little clarification regarding voltages, and "real" current movement
What are the exact semantics of "ENDIR IRPAUSE" command?
PIC 32 interface to Logitech force feedback USB joystick
Hand Warmer Heater circuit . Need tips for element
Building a power supply for a Vic 20
Theoretical analysis of amplifier circuit
40 pin ZIF / DIP footprint
How can I increase the number of hardware UARTs in a design with a single UART MCU?
What is MECL 10h or 100 K ECL logic levels and how do I use them?
Determine suitable resistor for the base of transistor as switch (NPN)
Half bridge motor driver
How can I make a device that will remotely disconnect an Ethernet port?
Alternate ways of measuring distance (lateral)?
Why does my solder occasionally pop?
Switch between battery and USB power
ADC for pH and conductivity sensor
What happens if I connect a transformer in reverse?
Are solenoids/inductors dangerous to have exposed?
How is damage by pulling sideways usually addressed in connectors?
Distance range of a Color Sensor?
Shunt resistance VS Rogowski Coil in current measurement , which one is better?
Safe operating area for different types of battery chemistry?
Is Code Sourcery G++ Lite still a viable project?
"Overclocking" an AVR
How to correctly apply thermal compound to ICs and heatsinks?
Logic Buffers for CPLDs Outputs (and Inputs?)
Solderable solderless breadboards
How to use resistors?
Kinetis vs STM32
Chaining limit for shift registers in large led matrix
Building a "ground plane" for a CB radio
How does an audio transformer work with DC in this circuit?
A quick way to remember NAND & NOR logic?
How much longer should we expect DIP (or DIL) Packaging to be around?
Prototyping with SMD components?
What is Stiff Load?
Boost Converter for TTL circuits to drive large loads
Creating an IR sensor
Getting PWM with an astable multivibrator (square wave generator)
Converting an analog signal of varying maximum and minimum values to a series of pulses
Using Parallel port to Power circuits
Meaning of balanced transmission line?
Controlling Voltage or Current with a PIC
Why does holding my car's RF remote to my head extend its range?
Using Zener diode for circuit protection on RS-485 network
What should I know about interference between wires in a multi-conductor cable?
Identify this heat sensor?
10 bit PISO shift register
Spice Simulation Models?
What's the purpose of two capacitors in parallel?
Frequency Reuse Patterns
How to perform small value approximation for sqrt(x) on FPGA
Why ship a low power charger with an overkill thick cable?
Reset: synchronous vs asynchronous
What is the IEC standard number for this plug?
One USB device with multiple device types?
PCB Layout Issue
Does a RFID antenna need to be FCC certified?
RS232 vs USB CDC quality of service / should messages contain a checksum?
PIC to measure Pressure sensor "MBS 1200"
How can I multiply (double) my input frequency without distorting my waveform?
What unit test framework can I use for a c based mcu project?
Brushless Motor Encoder Read?
Penalty Factor in Generator Dispatching
Huge led matrix - using mm5451
why electric motor or alternator have stack of plates?
Calculating Voltage
Is it safe to apply higher voltage to the output of a MIC2920A voltage regulator?
Arduino: How to make a final prototype?
Is FR4 waterproof? What about soldermask?
Is it okay to keep a USB charger plugged into the cigar lighter?
What kind of transistor do I need to amplify an Arduino's PWM outputs?
Best way to connect 2 USB devices to a single port
How do I convert AC current at 110v to Watts?
ADC sampling rate to MCU clock speed relationship
Why is high input impedance good?
Resistance Vs Impedance?
Do fuse blow on ampere or effect?
Way to discharge solenoid without (heated) resistors?
Least expensive way to boost DC voltage
Choosing a DSO, advice sought
How does the size of a reservoir capacitor affect battery life?
Where to start with a STM32F4DISCOVERY
What pressure can 'normal' consumer-packaged chip withstand?
Reducing noise in elementary audio circuit
How does a CPU work?
Did anyone build an accelerometer-based mouse?
Compiling code for AT91SAM3U and a basic USB stack
What do I need to do the following things with an arduino?
PANDABOARD Booting
When is using latches better than flip-flops in an FPGA that supports both?
Why is the Nyquist data rate lower than the Shannon data rate?
Taking input from a generic usb gamepad in controllers (preferably like MSP430g2231)
Using RS232 to light bulb or move motor
Systematic construction of the ODE system of a circuit containing opamps
Understanding Flip Flops
Radio triangulation on millimeter scale plausible?
Why Intel 8080 CPU chip required three voltages (+5, -5, +12 V)?
mixing multiple power sources
Gyro Angle calculations isn't precise?
What does edge triggered and level triggered mean?
Difference between latch and flip-flop?
How to convert voltage into digital signals?
How to fire RCREG for  PIC16F73
Best sensor for measuring rotation angle?
How much current is consumed by an avr analog sensor?
How to make a chip with lots of pins in Logicworks
What types of Shielding and Filtering would allow devices to be used in a MRI environment?
What are the things I need to know when operating an oscilloscope?
What type of filter?
Simple spark gap for ignition - Looks correct?
My code tries to configure the CAN device, but it never leaves configuration mode. Why?
Low voltage 2 channel stereo analog switch
Can you make a non-polar electrolytic capacitor out of two regular electrolytic capacitors?
Demodulating a signal generated by IR LED/ phototransistor pair
Simulating noise signals in Multisim
Algorithm for simulating PWM through 595's
Enclosure and pcb ground
Proprietary Kinect connector
Measuring cpu load of interrupt routine
Help with Matching circuit
What is an AC voltage rating for a capacitor?
Power Needed For Bluetooth Transmission
Alternative to REF200 Current Source
Arduino Mega 0 - 10V analog input?
Confused about frequency and bandwidth in BP filter?
Help breadboarding a circuit?
What electrical processes are behind RECCO system?
Why is RS-422 interface interference insensitive?
How to read 8-bit digital signal through an Agilent DSO?
LED lifespan after current increase
Blending RGB LED colors together
Using Logic-Analyzer to reverse-engineer ISM-band ASK/OOK encoding, possible?
Lower Lifespan Components?
How many active Bluetooth devices can I reliably detect in a single space?
Mixing wavelengths to produce light?
Why are digital oscilloscopes still so expensive?
Plated Through Hole at home?
Why is the LM741 operational amplifier so prolific?
Complete alternatives to the Arduino IDE?
What device should I buy to cool liquids in a container
Simple, passive way to remove high frequency interference from low power audio
Assembling ARM computer
What rechargeable battery is suitable for severe frost (−10 Celsius and below)?
Why would a power supply unit with insulating case and galvanic separation need a grounded power cord?
Sources for cheap/free electronics for students?
Setting single unused pin in Xilinx ISE
schematic for battery and solar cell in parallel
programmer is not responding with stacked shields
High-gain omnidirectional antennas for Wi-Fi mesh
Are there any certificates for embedded system developers?
How can I get a broad overview of the world of electronics?
How do I protect against voltage surges from sensors?
Anode RGB LED Arduino Hookup
Serious step-up current?
How does active power factor correction in computer power supplies work?
Benifits of using Breadboard instead of PCB
how to use SOP ICs on Breadboard?
TI LM3S ARM Cortex M3 with USB 3G Modem
Identify a fuse part
Creating Li-Ion charger with step up to 700mA from 500mA?
How to find connectors for Densitron TFT displays
Powering microcontroller off USB, load off wall-wart
Mapping address ranges in Verilog
Can I log current using a voltage input and V=IR
How to find the earliest edge
Weatherproof enclosures IP65 or Nema 3R, with specific holes, 150x150mm?
Good ARM development board for bare-metal development
How many kilowatts (or amps) can I safely draw from the AC grid?
Various Memories?
Magnetometer ∞ shaped calibration
Inter Vehicle Communication System Project
Remote Control Design
LM386 output signal problem
What's the 2N3904 / 2N3906 FET equivalent?
Simple capacitor use for buffering a battery?
Using RFID to secure and prove ownership of a stolen vehicle
why there is a need to have voice - ad hoc network in inter vehicle communication system rather than using a "typical radio transmitter & receiver"
Why shunt resistance has 3 line?
Modifying a soldering iron for lower power
De2 Board reading sensor reading
FPGA VGA Buffer. How to read and write?
Comparator using Logic Gates only
What are the extra components in this dimmer for?
RTU card of SCADA systems
How do I compute \$V_{out}\$ in a MOSFET?
relay power ratings - AC vs DC
Increasing size of mounting holes on LCD
Shorting the output ports which have nominal bandgap voltages of 1.24V
Problems with Wien Bridge oscillator circuit simulation in Mutisim
Circuit for determining the dc mean of a wave-form
Calculating resistor and capacitor values for an op amp differentiator circuit design
connecting an LED to a (sideglow) fiber cable
Purchasing a Switch - AC vs DC Current Specifications?
Programming an LPC2148 in OSX
How to assign value to bidirectional port in verilog?
building an unlock system with bluetooth and mobile phone using arduino
Shielding can, what is the proper way?
Is memristance missing from our models?
Building a large lead acid battery?
How can I improve this SMPS design?
Footprints for SMD electrolytic capacitors
Does Tesla coil use near field or far field?
How to reduce voltage without using Transformer?
Transfer Function of Non-Ideal Transformer
How to search for a step-up transformer: 10V -> 90V
TS317 voltage regulator falling voltage
UART core Altera De2
Resistor suggestions for colorblind person
Using Dynamo Pull Strings to Charge 9 x 3.6 V li-ion batteries @ 120 mAh in Series
Reconfigurable Antenna Arrays
What IC is good for driving an array of smaller solenoids?
How to correct instability of op-amp voltage follower?
Why exactly can't a single resistor be used for many parallel LEDs?
Single resistor powering multiple LEDs in parallel where current through resistor is lower than max allowed current for an  individual LED
Connecting Altera de2 to a sensor via UART
Square Wave Voltage Level Shifting
Modular PCB Design
Memory-mapped I/O address ranges
What is this transformer-like component with only two leads
Tool to test analog phone line connection quality
charging and discharging capacitors
address field and words of memory
Building a treadmill speed sensor
How and where is energy dissipated in a driven traction motor?
What is the best way to remove the non-rejected portion of a common-mode voltage and any bias voltages from a differential voltage measurement?
How do I calculate the temperature rise in a copper conductor?
Is it safe to connect Arduino/Netduino to car voltage source
How can I make a 15 minute egg timer circuit?
Is it advisable to use lead-free PCB and solder paste on a first SMD assembly job?
Battery circuit power drain
9bits/signal element, what's the bandwidth?
Whether RF affects LPG Gas Sensor sensitivity or can it be hazardous, like fire and all?
what happens when the carry bit is zero in addition/subtraction algo for hardware
How do I set the speed of a 4060B chip?
Does this timer circuit make sense?
Square Wave Voltage Level Shifting (Take 2)
Rs232 MAXSONAR to de2
hardware implementation of division algorithm
Wake up on movement
sending data over bluetooth to my hardware through a matlab serial GUI
Microcontroller and Bluetooth application
Temperature-Controlled Fan
I want to build a Frequency Modulation circuit
Is the (PVC) sheath of a consumer grade USB cable waterproof?
mapping non existent addresses?
Is there a mathematical relationship between the battery AH rating, and that of the transformer in the charger
Can non-rechargeable batteries be used in place of rechargeable ones?
How does division occur in our computers?
Have I understood what Arduino is correctly?
Forward Bias Photodiode circuit
What are the pins of a MOSFET in a TO220 package?
Testing an 8-ohm speaker
PCB (Auto-)Routability
Is it safe to design board at fab houses minimum trace width?
Setting a pin on PORTA in the PIC18F452 high: Compilation of code failed
Calibration of reading of current measuring cicuit
Signal overshoot and undershoot on RS-485 bus
Motor controller software design
Is booth multiplication algorithm for multiplying 2 positive numbers?
Use only programmer power
Faking poles on a simple switch
Fixing a flickering led
To avoid ESD when you are working on computers, what should you attach your wristband to?
Can I run a microcontroller on the power from a go-kart alternator?
Xilinx FPGAs - how to demote specific warnings to info or make them disappear?
Dangers of Old ATX Power Supplies?
What is the major technological change that has dramatically improved GPS acquire time?
Help with PTT circuit for icom radio
Choosing TVS Diodes
Expanded Scale ADC
FT2232HL interface board critique
Graphical solution?
Negative voltage regulators
Connect a microcontroller to a gadget
Time taken to charge the capacitor
Best way to learn Signal Integrity
Get 12 volt power supply from Dell Laptop
Does analog time division demultiplexing need any additional sample and hold?
what do i interpret from these memory labels?
How to read a relay advertisment
How to measure the "efficiency" of a generator?
How to design DC Motor speed control, using PID
SRAM memory cell - what kind of flip-flop
Reading a Micron 29F32G08QAA NAND Flash IC
Is this a reasonable circuit for locked antiphase PWM?
Can I use an Arduino board as a USB encoder?
Cheapest / easiest way to get started with AVR programming
How does impedance analyzer input capacitance influence the measured result?
Making mesh sensor networks energy efficient
How do I supply a short but high power pulse (higher voltage and current) from a low power source?
How should I wire two batteries to make my mobile DVD player work longer?
sign extend for addition and subtraction problems
Arduino: better microsecond resolution than micros()? 
Arduino: faster alternatives to digitalread() and digitalwrite()?
ATMEGA8 with 8Mhz crystal just running at 1Mhz
Boolean in VHDL? When does '0/1' fail?
VHDL IDE for a GNU/linux environment
Taking the absolute value of a DC source (getting the magnitude of the voltage)
How does the contact pad used with Duracell myGrid mat work?
flexible and cheap solar cells? howto transform the energy?
Binary to BCD converison
How to setup Arduino on secure wifi network?
Constellation diagram of FSK
Which Value of R1 do I use for thermistor-controlled fan?
Adding bluetooth to msp430
Where can I find the maximum value of length and width that a PMOS or NMOS supports?
Differential amplifier - what is the differences between CMRR and CMR?
Can I use two identical bluetooth modules in the same area?
Basic ESD common sense for breadboarding and 300+ component storage?
Connecting a sata cable to a usb hard drive circuit board
How multiple data transmission (in the form electrical signals) work?
What is Telemetry?
Can I improve the accuracy of LM35 temperature sensors by averaging several sensors?
If a PIC MCU provides multiple Vdd/Vss should you provide power to them all?
Hart protocol implementation
Ultrasonic signal generation
DIP switch replacement
Low powered wireless doorbell & door open/closed sensor
Most used capacitor values
Can an ATtiny with RSTDISBL programmed be reprogrammed over ISP?
How stable are digital multimeters' parameters?
What causes overvoltage in power grid?
solder pins for stripboard to breadboard
Combining digital signal (0/24 VDC) with analog signal (0-10VDC)
Electrical device that can generate a constant amount of steam until the device is switch off
LV EZ1 - TX output
Multiplexing segment LCD
Piezo as a switch to flash an led when disturbed
Clock Shape Changes with Two O-Scope Probes
Infrared ranging
Combined ADC scaling and offset with variable input voltage ranges
Good source to learn about the basics of integrated circuits?
Can USB host controllers be used for device identification?
Low-cost, low-range RF transceivers
Netduino to power 12V LED Strip
Are there any cheap air quality sensors?
ADC input protection?
Can I pedal power a laptop device while the device is being used?
calibrating atmega328 adc
How to program STM32 Development Board
Any idea where this surge came from?
How much negative voltage is too much for a µC?
When measuring AC via an ADC, is it bad to have common ground?
How can I determine the specifications of this LED (photo included)?
Creepage distance for PCBs handling line voltage AC?
RF decode logic (not Manchester encoded) - Arduino
Arduino interrupts for button input
Why can't I send data from a PC to an Arduino?
How can send bytes for arduino?
Bidirectional Shift Register
CCD for bar-code scanning
Circuit to shut off power after a short time of turning on
about Synplify VHDL (code imported from Xilinx ISE)
Principal of Analog to digital converter(ADC) and Digital to analog converter(DAC)
charging a lead acid battery
3.7V Rechargable battery as arduino power supply
Circuit diagram and components for Comfortron controller (Chevy, Oldsmobile, ...)
Low loss current sink
How fast can a Li-Ion battery be charged?
Can I include heatsink copper in a Kicad footprint?
Matching load capacitors to crystal
Where might I find a prefabricated enclosure for a PCB?
Creating a new power source for light-string ornaments
How to communicate with parallel eeprom with pic18f?
Assembly Packed Bcd
Alternatives to multisim
When looking for resistors, what is the `W` for?
Cross-CPU Communications
Reading a simple diagram, how to practically implement this on a breadboard
What is causing large oscillations in my DC/DC boost converter? Is this ground bounce or some other effect?
Can I use a voltage divider and/or voltage follower to produce 1V from 9V for an op-amp oscillator?
Op Amp based Hartley oscillator
Composite/RGB Video from simple hardware
Circuit to exaggerate differences in current
Microcontroler with external bus
Voltage dividers and resistors
Building a RFID-Zapper from the scratch
What is failure analysis of PBCA?
how to design an inductor in Tanner L-edit and extract the designed layout in L-edit to S-edit?
What is the difference between Micro-controller and Micro-Processor?
The 'gap' between understanding of transistors and their application in real circuits
Dual voltage LED circuit
Can a 110v spa pump curcuit control a 220v spa heater that is on it's own 220v circuit?
Powering 1.8v GPS with Arduino
Communication between AVR and CORUS PTZ device
Which standard dictates how reference designations should be formed in the EU?
Detecting which pins are inputs or outputs
LM317 Voltage of 1.8v
How many concurrent senders can CDMA support for a code length of n?
14 volts and PWM with Atmega8
Arduino and Decatur Si-2 Radar
Emulate a USB hub with arduino
What is the speed of I2C for AVR communication?
Data path timing vs control store subcycles
MOSFET Switch - Not Turning Fully Off?
How many hairy crazy ants does it take to short out an electrical system?
Floating multiple sealed lead acid batteries in parallel
Input clock signal with noise
74HC595 +TLC5940 multiplexing 128 leds -> not enough power
How much energy can this battery store?
task in PIC16f887 with watchdogtimer
Capacitor Discharge through Constant Current Source
Testing a phone cable length
Why won't my arduino board read an analog pin correctly?
Books about pic18f?
How can a capacitive touch screen be triggered without human contact?
Why is there a capacitor in parallel with this fan? What is the benefit?
What is the "ground strap" on a D-SUB connector for?
ICs with humidity or moisture sensitivity - bake recommendations
How hard would it be to hack a "personal soundtrack shirt"
Problems reading data from a microSD card
What other microcontrollers use "real" IDEs?
Why is a broken ground plane not as effective as an unbroken one?
Low power sensor heater circuit?
Boolean majority function
Why does a speed-controlled computer fan require 4 pins?
Alternative to Parallel SRAM?
What would the current be if I plug an LED into a perfect circuit
Generating a cutting line from a Gerber outline
PCB test patterns to assess etch quality
PowerPC Interrupt Vector 0xfff00800
8u2 programming with Flip 3.4.5
Reset 8u2 on Arduino Mega 2560
Static dissipative ESD footware
Different screw and their material purpose for computers
VHDL - passing through INOUT ports
LCD backlight CCFL lamps power supply
How to add an RC filter between a header pin and a ribbon cable
Debugging STM32LF1xx low-power behavior
What's a good EEPROM replacement for a 27C256/29C256?
Arduino book recommendation
Spec'ing power supply to replace a battery pack in a DIY project?
Measuring AC current: Is true RMS needed for a clamp ammeter?
How does the input circuit on this oscilloscope manage to accept such a large range of voltages?
What is VDD in this context?
Cleaning up noisy audio signal
Relay? No clue how to breadboard?
How to make two isolated power sources from one source?
Altera DE1 Board Read KEY?
Digital potentiometer step size
Issues with resistor heating, for an LED?
Suggestions for DC/DC converters with digital control
How could I replace the lamp on a regular projector for a LED lamp?
What does it mean when multimeter accuracy is marked as: ±0,03%+10Digit?
TVS Diode Layout
Why do you need 2 resistors when hooking up a transistor as a switch
What chemicals cause the burnt silicon / IC smell?
Data over power line in a car
Open Source version of MOST?
Arduino, controlling leds with 3.3V even though dig. has 5V?
DDR1 Layout Considerations - DOs and DONTs
Can anyone identify this type of connector
Identify this 2-pin, grid-style, wire-terminated connector?
Please help identify this diode
Maxim 7219 - how do you adjust the current going into each segment of a seven segment display
What is this component (labelled L1)?
I'd like a basic force balance circuit that I can build on
What are the advantages of using FPGAs over TTL in intro computer architecture?
Is it safe to disassemble an unpowered PC power supply?
Copper PCB traces not connected?
Advice on relay set-up
Greenhouse Control Interface
Brushless motor specs to maximize stall torque
npn transistor base current question
How do I make a real-world verison of this LC circuit?
Arduino software serial - full duplex
How to work with Dot Matrix LCDs?
4x4x4 led cube using mm5451 chips .. need a suggestion on a Mofet or equivalent
Guidelines for sizing solar-powered electronics?
How does the gain factor adjustment on this current sense board affect the output voltage range?
Brushless DC motor runs fine in one direction but not another
How to efficiently charge a capacitor from AC source
Why can my oscilloscope measure all frequencies equally well?
VHDL increase decrease integer value
How do I know if which leg is the emitter or the collector? (Transistor)
Is it true that power transformer has maximum efficiency at full load?
How to get started with Bluetooth 4.0 (BLE / Low Energy)
Nodal analysis, can't understand detail
In a BJ-Transistor, why do we need to bias the junctions?
Connecting X10 to Arduino
Arduino Sketch Compile Error: Trying to Concatenate Float with String
Harmful to NPN transistor if collector circuit is broken?
How do I tell if a transistor is bad?
Chipkit compatibility with Arduino
How do I wire a motor driver power supply?
Vertical USB connector, what is the best practice?
Is SPI significantly faster than bit-banging?
How do I make the turn off and turn on time equal in a NPN transistor?
UART signal distortion with AVR
How will this Verilog line be synthesized?
How to work with FTDI V2DIP1-48?
9V, 2A DC power supply
USB separation in RF design
ATMEGA328P: Can I re-use PB4(MISO) w/ a pull-up resistor w/o interfering w/ SPI?
Replacing a transistor when I can't find any info on it
Is it worth it learning how to use 7400 series "jelly bean" logic IC's or are they completely obsolete?
How critical a resistor value for MSP430 spy-bi-wire on reset?
STM32F103 ADC Noise
How do I define solar irradiance in the context of a solar cell?
how to design a power amplifier's layout in l-edit?
Making a portable HTC Hero Android phone charger
Can 12V Batteries be made to act as a ±12V power source?
Inverter not cutting off before deep cycle danger level?
Is it safe to run and charge a deep cycle battery in an enclosed space like a bedroom?
What are double-flat and single-flat soldering iron tips good for?
Cheap visual indicator for a PA loudspeaker line
ATtiny25 PWM LED driver with brightness control
How to properly connect to a RN-171 Roving Network's WiFly module?
How does one prototype with SMT chips where the layout must be kept tight to avoid parasitic inductance?
Good explanations of audio piezo element behavior
What can cause this damage to the GPU?
Why  use a resistor when blocking DC?
How do I test a circuit without an oscilloscope?
What happens when reaching the max temperature on a temperature sensor?
What's so revolutional in Broadcom BCM20730 Bluetooth chip that's everywhere in the news?
BMP085 and Humidity and Temperature Sensor with arduino
Why is the Ampere the only SI fundamental unit for electricity?
Is Atmega8L-8PU compatible with Atmega 328 on arduino UNO?
MCP79411 not "ticking"
Regarding negative feedback
MMC/SD card interface - any access to wear levelling info? (counters, etc)
Connecting to Netgear 3500L serial terminal interface - using ft232rl
Zero Crossing Optoisolator in Multisim
Xbee module works for 10 seconds
Xilinx ISE ROM memory error
3.5DB splitter loss in voltage?
RGB LEDs with arduino/transistor won't dim
How does a voltmeter work?
How can I attenuate any signal to 5V peak-peak?
How do I get the name or number of device?
Why can an oscilloscope only find frequencies 1/10 of the sampling frequency, despite Nyquist?
How do I facilitate keeping multiple grounds, (i.e. AGND, DGND, etc...) separated in the layout when using Eagle?
what is the color code of cables in earphones?
Where does GPS interference such as that from Lightsquared come from?
Can TI chip CC2540 be used for mobile phone access with bluetooth?
Since Arduino 1.0 string to upper case conversion does not work
How to switch multiple signal lines with a single mechanical switch
From a toggle to an impulsion
Does wiring a multi-cell battery pack to provide two different voltages adversely affect cell lifetimes?
XST Verilog - Casting real to integer constants
Shouldn't these headphone wires be insulated?
How do I build a bracelet that vibrates once every n minutes?
If a battery case falls apart is it safe to just glue it back together?
How to include schematic page name in OrCAD BOM
Differential Binary PSK (Phase Shift Keying) based UWB (Ultra wideband) communication
How to ground a vintage device that was powered without a ground?
Libraries to help port Arduino code to msp430
How do I determine the electrical characteristics of a cheap kit motor?
generating a custom half duplex 1 wire serial protocal
LPC2148 ADC problem with voltage divider for battery
What's the simplest way to generate a VGA signal for a totally white screen? Preferably with an AVR MCU
Voltage Required to Ignite 10ohm resistor
Onboard temp sensor for household thermostat - accurate enough?
How hot can electronics get?
AC current sensor
Can I control a model train with a lighting dimmer pack?
Starting motor for 5 seconds after 30 minutes, turning it off and start in reverse direction after 30 minutes
Why are deep cycle batteries rated in amp hours instead of watts hours?
How to control a Water Valve through a circuit using latches or flipflops?
smartphone charger voltage rating
What flip-flop should I use to design a logic circuit with minimum number of logic gates?
Is it Possible to Control Vehicle Key Fob/Remote Start with arduino board?
Why are lead-acid batteries preferable for submarines?
Anyone got any idea what type of antenna these Wireless routers that have no "visible" dipole antenna on the outside use?
timelines of IC manufacturer company acquisitions/renames/spinoffs/etc.?
Easiest Wifi module/shield to interface with Arduino Fio?
Designing PCBs to handle Mains
How do I calculate the required value for a pull-up resistor?
Simple transistor switching example should show LED off
Sensing when micro USB power cable is unplugged from a smartphone (or other device)
A Battery Charger which can extend LEAD ACID Battery life
How does the efficiency of a transformer change with it's load?
Client server WiFi structure
Buzzer alarm problem
Looking for a chip to connect to internet and display text
Will this setup create much audio interference for me?
Microchip PIC24F & Android device: Which can be host device?
Switching regulator ringing
Will there be a problem if I stay almost in the border in trace spacing when dealing with line voltages?
Suggestions for small and handy connector for in-circuit programming?
Why are audio transformers required?
Can I wire the two sides of a L293D Dual H-Bridge together if I only need one H-Bridge?
Strange Gerber Statement
Need help with 16F887 and Microchips 44-pin demo board
How to solve speed issues in a double buffered + video overlay system
Can someone break down how this receiver works?
Reading From a Large Array of Photoresistors
Conceptualizing an analog input pin on a microcontroller?
Interrupts with 16f887 and MPLAB
Virtual Breadboard design
25 W soldering iron not working properly?
Coaxial and Triaxial connectors
Aluminum project box: should BNC conenctors touch it?
Maximum attainable delay with Micro controller
Are the resistance values (R1 and R2) in this circuit reasonable?
Can a replacement iPad screen be used on a BeagleBoard?
Splicing tiny wire inside broken mouse cable
Properly charging and discharging Lithium cells during battery testing?
Maximum operating temperatures of different lead acid batteries
Timing inside a shift register
Very small camera or endoscope like device with minimal electromagnetic noise generation
resistor equivalent for non parallel non serial
UDS with more than eight bytes
Why do we need 100nF cap in the output of an SMPS?
Replacing a mechnical switch with a digital one
LED Lighting with Arduino Mega 2560
What's the automatic equivalent of a variable resistor?
How to find a faulty bulb in a Christmas lights string
generic term for inductors/capacitors/transformers for power-handling applications
How to charge a battery + check voltage?
Accepting a Range of Input Voltage that Straddles Operating Voltage
STR9 getting minutes to a variable
Frustrated With D flip flop assignment
Best size of heat shrink tubing?
RoboCup Junior IR Ball detection
Disabling digital input buffers on output only pins (PIC18)
LCD power consumption: color vs. B&W
Creating 1 hour delay with 89C51 micro controller
Voltage across a surge protector plug
Converting Power/Watts in DC to Power/Watts in AC?
Values of inductance - what is the "base" value?
Looking for a circuit switch operated by velocity
Data from BMA180 accelerometer into arduino is sporadic
Calculate the value of an inductor using an RL or LC circuit
How are OLED screens driven?
mute de-amplify sound volume
Chaining up two solar panels of different wattage?
EtherCAT topology and timing constraint question
XOR in electronics
How to supply a negative voltage from a simple battery or psu?
Measuring a soundcard output voltage
How does this Digital-to-Analog converter work?
ATX power supply max current 12V P8 connector
Luminous flux of 0603 and 1206 LEDs with the same color and current rating
Stripboard layout for a 16x16 dot matrix display
What is the relationship between Teagueduino to Arduino?
Brushless DC motor sometimes running backwards
Capacitor value for Mini PCI type III pins 97 & 101
NTC temperature help
What voltage Vo does my LCD requrie?
A few questions regarding B/E-fields in practical circuitry
How is it possible to feed the output signal back to input using a TRRS connector
Beginner information related to constant current dummy loads
Higher spec LED near the center of the wafer?
Should I ground my case
Relay datasheet question
Explanation : Latching Relay Circuit
Arduino - interrupt based decoding of serial data, race between ISR and loop()
What specification for IR communication to AV equipment?
What would happen if I connect two different DC voltage sources in parallel?
DS1307 RTC Debug
Direct Connect Solar Panels to 12v Chargers (for misc electronics)
what do I need to make 230V AC fan spin slower?
Need help with designing IR sensor, current to voltage converter
Interfacing an ATTiny84 to iPhone from headphone jack
General PSpice and 555 timer question regarding precision
ATmega328 with Optiboot not compatible with Arduino?
How is this possible? 3 LEDs trick
Why do chargers heat up when operating?
How is the fact that the resistor used to limit the LED current dissipates some of energy addressed in lighting applications?
Get multiple individual DC voltage sources from a single line
Applying an oscillation to a DC voltage?
Are there reasons *not* to have a copper-pour ground plane on a PCB?
Automatic RTS control for RS-232 to RS-485 converters
PIC24FJ64GA002 not running at speed
Circuit to remove noise from digital communication line
Effects of changing the frequency of a transformer
What keeps mains power at 60hz?
how to construct stepper motor driver?
which is the best circuit simulator for my purpose?
Does any current flow through C-E of NPN BJT when the base is floating?
Level Shifting 1.8V to 5V with N-channel FET
How do I do point to point wiring on a protoboard?
Communication between modules over USB using a uC
Looking for TINI SDK
Potentiometer to change voltage?
Looking for a 1 to 1.5 mm pitch board to wire connector that locks
Interfacing PIC18F4550 with I²C EEPROM (24AA1025)
stepper motor digital frequency and speed?
Expose SDRAM as a USB 3 mass storage device
Arduino, problem with displaying RFID ID
Differential voltage measurement at high voltages
Differential Amplifier for ADC
LM2596 Voltage Regulation Problem
How to name what this resistor is doing?
Analog "And" gate
Simple voltage/current question about modifying a voltage-regulated adapter
OPAMP has voltage on its supply when it shouldn't
Difference between busses
USB connection to laptop motherboard
Capacitor self resonance in a buck converter
Switching Question
How long will laptop run from UPS?
Noisy data line clears up on wiring up multiple output pins of uC to Logic Analyzer
how choose transistor for driver circuit of stepper motor?
What type of 8-pin ribbon cable connector is this?
3.3v to 5v Translation
Teensy usb keyboard + Android
Serial port monitor for Arduino in Eclipse (on Linux x64)
AC Power measureless using MCU, calculations problems
GND/Vss of 2 circuits with independent power supplies, and usage of scope/logic-analyzer
Converting old organ keyboard to MIDI
Getting 1.2V from USB
DC adapter not supplying current
How to produce digital pulses using 555 timer IC for stepper motor?
Microcontroller with ADC and capable of SPI communication
Debugging Vds exceeded in motor drive application
Simple Faraday cage?
FSM Using Excitation Equations and VHDL
Arduino + Max7221 + Common anode 4-digit 7-seg LED array?
Low cost/complexity bus for expandable modules?
Christmas card with tiny screen
How to Calculate the time of Charging and Discharging of battery?
Conversion of a Cold Cathode kit to work outside a PC
How do i test capacitors?
How to measure battery voltage
Power supply of LOGO 12/24RC PLC from SIEMENS
How to connect MPLAB X with mikroICD?
Cheapest way to do an IR re-transmitter (IR protocol agnostic, dumb device is good enough)
Would this button trigger alarm circuit work?
Free IDE for VHDL and Verilog
Touch detection on big LED screen
Serial to USB adaptors - types and problems
EMF Detector Sensitivity
What circuit element is this? Rectangle with diagonal arrow, called G
How does the Villard circuit double voltage?
Approaches to a few thousand individually addressable widely dispersed LEDs
Using a LED to transmit data
How to properly store components efficiently and effectively
Verilog structural CORDIC implementation for sin/cos calculation
LiPo series charging
How can I safely charge 3 lithium 18650 batteries to use in one pack?
Essential or recommended Digital ICs for a software
How I can to reduce 9V battery to 7.4V - it is for R/C model
Initial or undefined value of flip flop
Getting 5Volt DC from 12 Volt DC using LM7805 IC
What other than capacitor rot could cause a capacitor to bulge and fail?
SPDT switch controllable by GPIB
Principles of DC/DC converter w/ jumper-selectable outputs?
Datasheet for Nokia 6310 display
Writing to a Parallel to USB convertor
Checking memory footprint in Arduino
arduino digital ouput in Microseconds
Why do almost all HD44780-based LCD displays use font pattern A00
what's in this peculiar safety plug?
Arduino pulse counting & storing
How much current does this stepper motor need?
Can an LED achieve full brightness in 40 µs?
Why is my XNOR output always low?
What kind of component would suit my needs?
Use a PWM or other controller for 24V/500W application
Tektronix's 465B Analog Oscilloscope Volts/DIV's Question
Where can I find a 110V/60Hz to 220V/50Hz voltage converter
Can a majority of DC electronics run on high current (i.e. lamp, car) batteries directly?
Pspice OpAmp Integrator Problem
Correct way to wire an Alpha TX433S/RX433S
How does this SIM card reader circuit work?
What FPGA chips support verilog-ams or verilog-a
How do I define a module with a modified parameter in Verilog?
How is pouring water addressed in high-voltage electric transport systems?
How to connect 2mm surface mount component to 2.54mm breadboard
Bandpass filter to isolate musical note "A2"
What is the risk in unplugging a USB device without disconnecting it in the OS?
How do I draw a PCB antenna in Eagle without DRC errors?
Can I run an Arduino off 8 x AA batteries?
Cost effective way to convert 12v DC to 7.6v DC @2A
For a seasoned programmer Arduino or something else?
Generating SMPTE time code signal
Implementation of a large parallel algorithm for communication with a server
How to choose an IC to use with your project?
How does this flasher circuit work?
What are the main power draws within a mobile phone radio?
Electrical Circuitry Programs aimed at Children / Beginners
Verilog : Are there any good sites contains open source projects?
What project is good for a total beginner
Good way to pick up voices in a small room for speech recognition
Is there anything inherently wrong whith this fpga project?
Algorithms for automatic PID tuning?
How to Design Binary Multiplier for 2 bits?
FT232R eeprom problem .. how to make PC recognize it
Using Nixie Tubes
Transistors: why are resistors needed?
Best way to send sensor readings over simple RF connection
How to turn an electromagnet on and off?
Solenoid Electrical Characteristics
corroded battery cover no longer makes connection
PCB printer - etcher
How can I make my own potentiometer?
How to make my own volume control for headphones?
Which chemicals can be used to clean electronics?
What happens when running a LCD at lower clock speed
Can L293D be replaced with SN754410NE?
Why old PMOS/NMOS logic needed multiple voltages?
How to generate HF AC from a DC source?
Battery charging questions Parallel charging and battery balancing of LiPos
How can I separate the sync signal from a composite video signal?
arduino rf communication: beginner
Unoccupied SMD and TH pads and noise/interference/capacitance
What's a reference text on analog design?
Programmable point to point connections
How to replace 6V battery with capacitors
serial driver for full 3.3v uC to back-of-computer
Avoiding echo/feedback on speaker-phones, how?
Web-resources for learning how to read electrical circuits
High Resistance PCB materials - reasons behind it?
134.2 kHz RFID reader for Arduino
Any way to identify "directionality" of electret microphones?
Why there is only 4.5V at the 5V output of my arduino board?
How should I organize this star grounding network?
Charge board timer conditions/disabling - mcp73213
How to use Counters ONLY to construct a School Bell circuit?
Why buy protocol analyzer modules for an oscilloscope?
What does the third wire on this speaker do?
Make LUFA for Arduino UNO / atmega16u2
Atmega328 reset pin not working after re-burning Arduino boot loader?
Bootloader for USB interface with PIC MCU
Driving an LED/Laser diode with a RF signal up to 20 MHz
Poor eye diagram, where to start looking?
Counting DC power pulses per minute
What kind of signals can a frequency synthesizer like this generate?
"ATML U942", is it a 555 clone?
DIY FP - Implementing floating point math on a microcontroller without a hardware FPU
Troubleshooting Eclipse IDE for Arduino
What is speed of email?
Embedded linux on FPGA
Seeking MCU with 9 data bit UART
Measuring low current at very high speed
What would be the difference in a coil of wire and just a cylinder of solid copper?
How to hook up a mains voltage relay?
If I try and fix my laptop power adapter can I damage my computer or endanger people?
Drawing on 8x32 LED matrix with 74HC154
Is there any way to send serial data over physical ethernet layer with no encapsulation?
Basic questions about transistor amplification
What does "Pins are on 0.17" centers" mean?
Why should a circuit be grounded?
Computer SMPS is working with high electric shock spreading
Multiple radio in a small dimensional sensor node PCB
What to look for in desoldering/rework equipment?
Adding microphone/amplifier to Gumstix Overo Earth COM?
esd protection of power supply line
Transmit high current with low voltage on a lightweight system
Free circuit simulator for educational purposes
Arduino WiFi enabled LED
Alternation of Magnet Poles in DC and AC Generators
MSP430 Code Size in CCS
Calculating current through multiple capacitors in parallel
Recommendations for analog tri-state buffer?
What does E mean in this instance?
What type of amplifier do I need for this project?
Tiny speakers, used in headphones - what are these called?
How to measure/compensate wire's stray capacitance
What's wrong with my UPS?
Switch lamp with two serial switches
What exactly is happening when a graphing calculator LCD malfunctions when batteries are weak or overloaded?
Get 17V from PC PSU
Reducing number of resistors
Minimal circuity for a simplex video transmiter?
What motor driver should I use based on amps?
Is there a device that converts any AC frequency to 60 hz?
what is the standard form for this P.OS (Boolean Algebra)?
How to implement a synchronization signal with AVR (attiny45)?
PCB-mount DC to AC inverter
Why are USB devices slower than 480 MBit/s
'Contains FCC ID' compare to just 'FCC'. Certificate of conformity
What is the voltage divider rule?
How do I measure impedance of my guitar pickups?
How can I 'bridge' and unbridge connections between two inputs
Very basic questions on resistor and gnd
CPU in circuit emulator
Any drawbacks to "low temp" lead-free solder paste?
Why are batteries measured in ampere-hours but electricity usage measured in kilowatt-hours?
Measuring current with multimeter
Connecting copper wire to a nine volt battery
What is the correct name for the ACTION you do when installing a jumper?
Arduino resetting while reconnecting the serial terminal
My own millis() function not accurate in the arduino
How do I debug an Arduino sketch?
How to mend a broken coil in a DC motor?
Best way to detect horizontal vibration/shaking!
Does there exist an internet-like peer-to-peer packet radio system?
Determining Suitable Replacement Transistor?
stepper motor controller
Will a 3 phase induction generator fight its own rotation?
How to prevent battery drain when loaded?
Reducing noise in audio circuit (optical pickup + op amp)
Why Gerber Viewers are slow to display, zoom, and pan?
Handling audio (from mic to headphones)
Is this deal on anti-static foam too good to be true?
How to shield microcontroller from electromagnetic interference
Using an inertial measurement unit to compute global motion optical flow of video
MOSI and MISO at 89S52
Activating Electronic Speed Control with Arduino
Help Identifying this Circuit board
Why is there risk of overvoltage when jump-starting a vehicle?
Simulation of parallel port but without a parallel port
Multiple Ultrasonic Rangefinder Question
Putting far more mechanical energy into a generator than its electrical load
Dry, wet and free voltage contact?
Timing and clock skew problems in digital designs
How to find out whether I have a unipolar or a bipolar stepper motor?
What's the correct form of this CRC algorithm
Implementing guard trace/ring in PCB design
Most small / cost effective way to detect changes in altitude?
What is the best website to place orders for electronics components online in the USA?
Transformer Design: How do I set an N1/N2 ratio by means of selecting winding inductances?
Connect(solder) a Arduino to some buttons
Resistor Noise - What it will have effect on, in a circuit?
What was the protocol for programming GAL devices?
1.8V to 5V, still not comfortable with transistors
Overflow interrupt firing only once
Help with Ethernet circuit
How to make IR proximity detector immune to the daylight?
Is this part (given picture) an EM relay, relay-controller, snubber?
Serial data transfer from Omega DP80 legacy hardware to computer
Hand-routing PCBs for SMD
Can a computer monitor output light invisible to the human eye?
USB B, mini B, or micro B for product design
Why does short distance wireless energy transfer have such low efficiency?
tiny RC receiver for bristlebot?
Car subwoofer powered by mains voltage
Determine version of Xilinx ISE programatically
looking for a sensor that activates when hit by a certain frequency burst
Not able to get ac97 audio output from Atlys board
Multiplexed Thermocouple Considerations
LM317 voltage regulator circuit drops Vout on load
Why there is no respond on rs232 port
fingerprint door locks with notification
How can I tell if a chip has ESD damage?
Isolating BNC connector from test shield
Relay destroyed
Killing GSM Buzz with Ferrite Beads
What is the physical meaning of resistance and power ratings of a loudspeaker?
Differences between thermistors and thermocouples
What type of glue would you use on set potentiometer screws on a PCB?
How do you dim a streetlight bulb?
Changing a Signal's DC Offset
Soldering an AC power cable
Making connections to coin-cell batteries
Detect this FPGA board, where to find Schemantics?
Cheapest way to communicate with a Fez Panda II (or Arduino board)?
How can I simulate x6500 or x6000 FPGAs?
Do I need to worry about Min/Max footprint length values in datasheets
Init code for reading and writing SD card with MCS51?
Where can I find a Bluetooth chip capable of shipping in bulk?
Component alignment, best practice?
Arduino and LEDs Power Supply Question
Combining multiple AC/DC adapters
how to find out wether the stepper motor is working or not?
Bass booster with op-amps
DRC tool for Gerber files
Simple voltage divider question
How to run 25 RGB LEDs by an arduino Duemilanove
power down some but not all DDR on a bus? And I'm thinking of DDR3/3L and DDR2. 
How do I decide which method to use in circuit analysis?
Slow Blow vs Fast Acting Fuse
Transformers connected series at secondary side
RS485 Communication
Help in understanding a circuit (Piezoelectric sensor)
Norator in series with inductor/capacitor
Noise when powering headphones amplifier through USB port
Determine efficiency of converter
How is binary converted to electrical signals?
How do I calculate the resistor value for this circuit
Would this circuit work?
Problem building Arduino Uno firmware
If I'm going to use a potentiometer as an adjustable voltage divider, does the tolerance or resistance matter?
Safe resistance for speaker jack
What electric motor spec clues indicate easy speed control options?
Driving 3-4v laser from 5v arduino
Question about the output voltage of an op-amp. (ua741)
How does this OP-AMP offset voltage measuring circuit work?
Using a 48V Charger for a 12V load
motion detected protocol
Arduino - Controlling multiple 12v motors
Why even numbers of batteries?
What's the need for higher frequency in inductive charging systems?
Effect of Battery charging with un equal batteries in parallel
Unwanted capacitance in measurement setup - what to consider?
Which camera is better for Arduino
Oscilloscope trace not quite square
Selling Prototypes To Clients & The FCC
Question about soldering/desoldering
Capacitor in parallel with resistor on xoscope amplifier schematic
Data Collection and storage using Arduino
Schematic editor for digital designs
Larger multiplexers?
How is inductive wireless charging of a moving vehicle on a public road possible in efficient way?
Want my PCB design to work right the first time!
Is there any difference between "induction" and "resonant" wireless energy transfer?
LC filter for Vref and Vadc
Drive LEDs from USB
Is full wave rectifier better than half wave one?
Probing ethernet cables with a scope
How to measure the capacity of the battery Instantly?
Why are capacitors sold with imbalanced tolerances?
wifi module with MCU on one board
Noise reduction strategies in electrophysiology
what does byte 2 and byte 3 mean?
Need help with use of LM358, microcontroller and +/- power supply
Switching 3 different voltages with one input
Why do batteries recover after a load is removed?
Measuring real and apparent power
Calculating resistor value and power rating for LED driving
Help about commands of 16x4 LCD - JHD164A
Do electret condenser microphones require phantom power?
Multiple devices on a CAN bus via the OBDII diagnostic connector in car
Can I use Arduino Software and IDE for development on Freeduino Atmega 328
How fair is comparing a pair of long wires with a capacitor?
How do network devices detect whether an ethernet cable is connected?
How to impart a charge on dust particles?
How could a charger "cut out" when charging is complete?
How are cpus enumerated/identified/counted by BIOS and other low-level routines?
Should I use slow fuse or fast fuse?
Hacking a display
What does the LED blinking on Arduino boot mean?
When do I need to use a clock buffer IC?
How to connect multiple i2c-interface devices into a single pin A4 (SDA) and A5 (SCL) on Arduino?
Will a 0402 0.01 µF ceramic capacitor next to a 0402 0.1 µF ceramic capacitor have any power decoupling benefits?
Is Wifi With Arduino Fast Enough to Control a Vehicle?
Soldering heatsink pad on bottom of IC
What is the cheapest way to email someone whenever a button is pressed or a switch is closed?
Arduino triggering a TRIAC for EL Wire, no optoisolator
Is it possible to mod a class 2 bluetooth device to work as a class 1 device?
How to remove remnants of a capacitor pin?
how to choose the transistor for following case?
Sequence detection in sequencial logic
Linearized phase domain model of a PLL - what does a ratio of input phase over output phase mean?
What do the PCB markings mean?
Drawing circuit schematics and export to TikZ
Using the audio input port as a voltmeter
Will "hot plate" reflow soldering work without a solder resist coating?
Can a trace connect to a pad on the top layer?
Arduino external power source causes timing issues
Why is 1000Base-T RJ-45 pinout scrambled instead of having each diff. pair in sequence ?
For remoting 1000Base-T ethernet connector, is it better to remote PHY from magnetics or magnetics from connector?
How do I build a switch to automatically control my shop-vac?
What is the simplest relay controlling circuit?
How could I get something to oscillate at 2295 Hz?
Are my theoretical power consumptions of this avr correct?
Building an outdoor WiFi connection
Opamp input impedance on high frequency
Which type of 100nF capacitor is best for 78xx regulator output?
Atmega8 input impedance
How do I increase loop antenna gain?
Current modulator for laser driver?
Cheap, low-power, point to point radio?
Where is the oscilator in the 555 chip provided here?
How Does FM Get Around the Gabor Limit?
Connect IPOD audio output to old rotary telephone
Circuit for recharging Li-ion Polymer Battery
Frome tabletop prototype to a usable home device
Diode survivability at 260°C
Commonly used standard for telephone wires
BNC camera computer interface
Are thermal fuses polarized?
Possible causes for AAA battery to explode
ICSP on an AVR with broken CLKI returns 0x00's
Interfacing memory to papilio fpga board
Can I use a potentiometer to reduce sound level in a speaker?
Blind/buried vs. through hole vias?
Is this 7805-based design correct?
Need help identifying a capacitor
How does AC travel through wires?
Oscilloscope/Function Generator with GnuRadio (using very cheap hardware)
Confusion with calculation of Voltage?
How do I produce a linearly chirp signal in spice?
12V relay circuit, converted to 5V relay, under uC control
Calculating maximum wattage
How does electrical devices consume power?
Calculating the voltage produced by Radio frequency
How to transmit high current (2.6A) with low voltage (1.2V) for a long distance?
Digital input to mobile phone headset port?
RC Circuit with Multiple Capacitors
Why does a cold solder joint appear grainy or dull?
Can charge pumps be combined?
Silicon Controlled Switches: applications&suppliers
How do I select what values to load in CCPR1L register (for generating PWM signal with PIC)?
Connecting both WiFi and 433MHz Tx/Rx to one Arduino
Will two 14Ga. wires handle the same load as one 10Ga. wire in a 12V DC application?
Lighting 128 LEDs from shift registers
Java and Serial Port
Writing Flash on STM32
Driving LEDs with 74HC540 or 74HC541?
filter to get regular circle light from an LED so it could be analyzed by a camera?
Write back buffer in lpc
Why does fuse blow up sometimes?
Why do rechargeable batteries have no short-curcuit protection?
Are there any Analog FPGAs?
How to test for ground loop using multimeter?
Difference between Inphase/Quadrature (I/Q) Mixer and I/Q Demodulator
Why can this 7-segment LED show 2 colors?
MIMO: How Can Two Antennas So Close Together Receive Different Signals?
Which relay switches can be activated by the parallel port?
DC supply for control circuit of a DC-DC converter?
NE555 load resistor?
Are I/O pin internal resistances equal to the Thevenin resistance?
Where can I get a small cheap linear actuator?
Where does an ATmega328p go on the STK500?
High voltages vs. Energy loss
Fault modeling for embedded systems
What are power cube transformers?
Xbee Shield - Turning jumper settings into ON/OFF (XBEE/USB) manual switch
TLC5940 and ADXL335 circuit 'glitches' on perfboard. Need decoupling caps?
How to use external power supply for Arduino Uno?
PIC32 + RTC via SPI doesn't work
Need help with board / components recommendation
Sequential Circuits
Arduino code compiles both on Eclipse and on AVR Studio 5, but only Eclipse version is functional
Basic question about Current (I) flow
Debug an Arduino project on AVR Studio 5 Simulator
Why do relay contacts open when connecting a dc motor on the switch contacts?
Fix a vintage computer (IBM PS/2 55SX) without a DS1287 Real Time Clock
Impedance of current probe
Extending a pulse from a DTMF Decoder
What is the easiest way for me to measure the amount of "juice" that's left in an alkaline battery?
Computing ampacity a of small fuse from change in temp on breakdown
How does this diode compensate bias current change on a BJT due to temperature variation?
A cheap experiment to demonstrate the relationship between resistivity and heat output
How does a latch determine its initial state?
Troubleshooting a Triac Motor Control Circuit
Design of a PI controller
Is this part hand-solderable, or will certainly require reflow soldering?
How to generate a high-frequency clock?
How can I determine the maximum possible current in a transformer?
How long can a capacitor stay charged?
Why is U used for ICs on circuit diagrams?
1.8v GPIO controlling 5v 10mA solid state relay
Extracting ints from a string on Arduino
D flip flop data extraction
Why won't my MOSFET work?
How does erasing a NAND-Flash memory work?
Netduino/Arduino to Variable Resistor
Driving a relay directly with a microcontroller?
Using Arduino Flora as a general purpose ID badge
OOK system question
Why does an inductor behave as a capacitor at high frequencies?
Generate a 4.25 GHz using 50 MHz crystal/oscillator and PLL
How to make a solenoid armature travel at a faster rate of speed?
Critical sections on Cortex-M3
Measuring frequency of a signal above 5V with a microcontroller
Breadboard/veroboard and SMT
Why are CT's(Current Transformers) on an ammeter / energy meter connected to ground?
Distribution of component values with a given tolerance?
Why does a pull-up resistor not stop current flowing to the input pin when the switch is open?
DIY: hardware encrypted pendrive
Making a spectrum analyzer probe
Serial capacitors in electronic ballast of a fluorescent lamp
How do I make this LED flasher more sensitive?
What Voltage/Current Levels Can I Send Into the Microphone Input on a Mobile Phone?
How to wire up a circuit with a button that cancels other circuits
PIC32 Assign Port Bit to Variable (in C)
Designing a single-board computer and getting it manufactured
What is the fastest 7400 series family? Is 74VHC faster than 74AHC?
Simple Audio amplifier Using Transistors
256X8 RAM chip question
Grounded AC-DC power supply, what connects to earth ground?
Help with connecting electromagnet to dimmer
Am I able to burn a bootloader and program with an AVR ISP?
PIC16F876A have signal oscillator
Looking for a USB/PCI controller that can replace a physical switch
How to profile the communication protocol of my Microsoft Arc wireless keyboard?
Chance of shock?
Truth Table Accuracy
Connecting ethernet to AVR
Theory about VLF?
Could audio line-out (from a PC) be used to flash an Atmel or PIC?
Light sensor plate
Can I replace a power adapter of 1.5A with one of 1A?
Where to buy an SR Latch
Thermocouple array for generating free electrical energy?
How to use a DKO48 telephone microphone?
Does an Arduino serial port expect 8-n-1 or 7-e-1?
What PIC microcontroller can interface with an ADXRS800 gyroscope with SPI output?
Long three cables connection: can I use an audio stereo cable?
Tutorial for USB communication with a PIC18F4550 using CDC framework
Op Amp circuit not behaving as desired
How does transistor amplify current?
Can I recharge batteries with a normal AC to DC transformer?
MP3 encoding chips?
Voltage Divider vs. Resistor in Series
Safety Guidelines for Ultraviolet LEDs?
PICC will not disable WDT on PIC16F876
Can I use a roostick, which contains FTDI chip to program my arduino chip?
Where can I find XT-IDE (8bit IDE, XTA) specifications?
Control LED using usb to parallel converter
Vibration Measurement using Accelerometer ADXL335
Arduino ADK + Android LED blink example compiling errors
How can I measure the conductivity of a copper rod?
Is soldering SMD capacitors directly to TO-220 regulator pins a good idea?
EPMP on pic24fj128da210
Can you stack SMD resistors in parallel to reduce power dissipation per resistor?
Operating Temperature Range question for Inrush Current Limiting Thermistors
I can't find a PFET protected against ESD
Dual-SIM phone, do they use 2 GSM modules ? Anyone has high level schematic?
USB host-mode on uC, to support small pre-defined set of USB devices
Scaling FFT output by number of points in FFT
regarding A in a laptop battery charger
What does the CLF number of CoAx Cable mean?
Using two regulators to create new ground: How do I calculate needed power?
Impedance of microcontroller pins with no power supplied?
Automotive Clockspring Alternative
What are those plugs called, and who is the manufacturer?
Why does my multimeter's overload indicator come on during normal use?
How to connect this circuit?? - Digital logic
Mobile phone TRS output to microcontroller digital input?
What is the most efficient method of storing statistics in an FPGA?
Why don't these multiplexers work?
Power supply compatibility - 4.5v and 5v
When exactly was the RS-232 standard issued?
Micro Pressure Sensors for arduino?
How to improve this Power ON/OFF circuit?
How to filter noise from ground?
Technology for precise distance measure?
Flipping a signal
How do utility companies treat voltage deviations in distribution networks?
Designing a strong electronics holder
Symmetric voltage oscillator
LM317-based adj power supply output takes a while to stablize
Implementation of a correlation alogrithm
Switching Mixers for LO frequency= 4.25Ghz
Driving a LCD from a Basic Stamp 2 microcontroller
How to make an entire (irregular) surface sense touch with a capacitive sensor?
How CIS (contact Image sensor ) works?
Open Collector Tristate Buffer
Connect PIR Motion Sensor to Air Pump
How reliable are application notes
ATMega8U2 and DFU mode
Are MOVs and Inductors good enough for power supply protection?
Is it safe to exceed an LED max current when ON time is less than 100%?
ultra low power mini wireless transmitter / receiver?
What loading capacitor do I use for my crystal?
What's so great about PPC? There's gotta be something
Editable PIC Serial Number in HEX File
Connecting LED to iPhone's dock connector
IMU (gyro + accelerometer) breakout board with integrated Kalman filtering?
Converting passive USB Hub to powered USB Hub, by adding regulated wall-wart as power supply?
What will it take to build a small bluetooth device?
Driving many leds from 9V battery and USB wire
Uploading Program to Arduino Using FTDI Cable or Programmer
A strange uP timer problem
What technique is applied to a traffic light system to make sure it is still safe even when errors occur?
Does electricity go from negative to positive or vice versa?
PIC32 RTCC running too fast 1min = 10 sec
Is there an amplifier such that the gain is equal to the ratio of two potential differences?
Why does electric arc in a switch prefer a curved path over a straight path?
Will this circuit work? AND Gate behaving strange?
Adding voltage cutoff to a circuit? 3s li-po
DIY Servo arm using wrong inverse kinematics doesn't make a straight line
Connect a light sensor to PC
Texas Instruments Compiler
How does load affect an RC-filtered PWM DAC?
Safe temperature for desoldering SMD components w/ hot-air rework gun?
ATTiny85 and USB with Android?
HD44780: How long do I have to wait for busy flag to reset?
Braking with an electric motor
Laptop charger: is 100-250V input an acceptable replacement for a 100-240V charger?
H-Bridge Transistor Smoking (Bipolar BJT Transistor)
Convert blinking (On/Off) power LED to fading
Selecting the right microcontrollers for this project (Arduino based)
Confusion with voltage drop equation
Inductive kick-back voltage calculation
How to control a speaker
Safely connecting 4056 and MSP430
What is the impedance of this unusual (magnetically coupled) circuit?
Can I send data to my computer from the serial port on an Arduino/ATTiny?
Bit Banging a PICAXE 08M2 as an I2C Slave
Custom switched-mode power supply or UBEC?
4094N VSS Supply Pinout Error?
What does this sound/radio circuit do?
Octal shorthand and 7's complement
How to filter out Harmonics?
Automating music box with electric motor
When (not) to use diode/wired logic
Learning about voltage references
Phase measurement in multiplexed system
What happens when a device draws more current than the power supply can provide?
Learning Verilog online
Using SDRAM with a MC68000
Is there a 4 open emitter/4 open collector Darlington pair chip?
Export restrictions on components like FPGAs
Wireless Audio Transmitter
Diode circuit simulation producing strange results
Voltage across transistor
Remote Power On/Off Switch
Interfacing an optoisolator with arduino
Trigger old camera flash
Are vacuums tubes suitable for switching high current (~30amps) at high frequencies (~K-Mhz)?
RF - changing a trace slightly from original design...?
What options for 16 bit audio sampling to low cost microcontroller
Electrocution in rubber swimming pool?
Op Amp analysis at the output
Why do people use AT commands in serial communication?
Critique on my first schematic?
Generating various emission modes via DDS
Solving the second-order differential equation for an RLC circuit using Laplace Transform
Why is a connection to Earth implied in this power supply
Why do the large transistors on computer components have their middle pin cut?
multi-layer board copper pour
specifying a non-momentary switch?
Advice wind direction sensor with I²C interface
Why do USB connectors only fit one way?
Differential LC LPF and Impedance Matching Circuit
Strange behavior from n-channel MOSFET
Device is reset when switching power sources
Is it possible to wire up a cellphone screen to work with a different device?
How can I tell what kind of fan controller to use?
Op amp output in unity-gain configuration goes to 0V for small inputs
Industry Practices for Schematic Design?
Why is it safe to touch the chassis of a tube amplifier and something earth grounded simoultaneously?
Create router using .NET MicroFramework
Is it possible to implement SOP with 4 terms by only 3 NAND gates?
What is the purpose of ADC sampling time?
What is the most common type of accelerometers in today's smartphones?
Controlling more relays than the no. of free IO pins a uC has - Low-cost options
DC power supply simulation trouble
Designing a wireless activated switch?
Moving the code and interrupt locations in Arduino
How can high temperatures be measured with Arduino uno and type k thermocouple with out maxing out 500 degrees C.?
Understanding bootstrapping in analog active filters
How do I create a timer interrupt with Arduino?
How durable is a supercapacitor?
How practical would a car booster using supercapacitors be?
Important characteristics of high speed diodes
Measuring impedance
My 12 MHz crystal does not oscillate
How is a two-pass assembler designed?
Change programatically pin number in shield software library?
Tips when choosing relays
Wiring of mains AC through relay
Is one circuit better than the other to drive the PNP transistor?
What parts do I need in order to connect a light to my netduino?
What' so great about CMOS?
How cheap could a .NETMF board be w/Ethernet
An LM350, can I have both constant current, and specific voltage?
How does the GPS scale and deal with potentially millions of requests per second and respond in real time?
Why are transistors difficult to use in special cases such as >100 MHz operation?
ESR and ESL, small package vs large (SMD)
Adding capacitor to model railway 12V motor to keep it going over a dead spot
Symbols on aux sockets for old hifi
3 phase vs 1 phase alternator
Servo motor speed control with PIC
Short time-scale coulomb counting
What does "limit cycle" mean in delta-sigma modulator?
building my own lc meter - multi point gnd
Question concerning n-MOSFET switching
How do you use a fuse with a rating of Amp-Hours?
Power monitoring 240VAC devices
Difference between Zilog Z80 and Z84?
Syncing Signals with Global Clocks in FPGAs/CPLDs and Edge Detection
Can i implement a wireless connection between an embedded system and a mobile phone?
Communication - 2 Battery Powered Circuits, 1 Conductor, no common ground
How Arduino Power supply works
Programming external ATmega328 with an Arduino SMD edition?
Input Impedance calculation
How to attach (safely?) an o-scope to various sources
Verilog: Check for two negedges in always block
How can I describe the behavior of an inductor without reference to a magnet?
Power input smaller than output? How can this be?
12A current from 24V power source, are there resistors which can handle the wattage?
Display Images with c++ and atmega 328
replace 20A switch with 16A switch
A big flashlight, nothing special
Option to fail Xilinx process if pins are unconstrained
LED before input to Micocontroller
Range of RF module (and antennae) given then "sensitivity" in dBm?
Why are Li-Ion battery so much safer than lead-acid?
Arduino Row Column Scanning not working
Modifying Interrupt Vector Table of Atmega32
DC PSU questions (+/- voltages, home-built ammeter)
Do you use VHDL nowadays?
Is there a way that you can get a Portable/Online  Arduino IDE?
Software for logical circuit generation
How to feed HD44780 LCD with battery power
What type of temperature sensor is this?
How is an LED constructed, is it possible to build my own
Generic free Verilog synthesis tools?
Connecting batteries in series
AVR Studio error: "expected declaration or statement at end of input"
Microstrip over power plane
LPD6803 RGB LED Strip with an Arduino
How to measure current to a DC motor?
Measuring accelerometer frequency with an oscilloscope
QAM modulation - how data in different frequencies are laid out?
Difference between indoor and outdoor PV panels
Shielding and Ground loops
Convert .PCB (Protel) to .MAX (Orcad Layout)
dsPIC 30F2020 Primary Oscillator
wirewound adjustable resistor. Something I missed?
Dual polarity vs dual rail power supply
Interpretation of input impedance graph of a filter
What does the common terminal (COM) do in PLC
What is the brightest, biggest & baddest white LED to date?
Weird Servo Speed Control problem
Can signal quality be affected by high temp?
TEG in series require power balancer/align adapter?
MAMTIM and MAMCR in LPC
What are some typical low cost microcontrollers and chips that are used in electronic toys?
How to use 200 mil DIP components on solderless breadboard?
SDRAM issue - LPC1788
How does k-nearest neighbor apply to wireless network positioning?
Building a small 3-axis accelerometer mote
simple explanation of ampers, voltage, watts, current and electricitiy
feeding another circuit a start signal (initializer) with d-latch (1,0,0,0,0...)
Programming dsPIC30F4011/13 on board dsPICDEM 2 with MPLAB ICD 2
Reverse engineer a chip or go with a new one and start from scratch?
My Vias are getting shorted on the back of my chip
How do I make a switch on the Arduino?
Telemetry Antenna
3bit Gray counter using D Flip Flops and logic gates
How to wire the output of a PLC
COM differences between input and output in PLC
Accessing data past 64k boundary on atmega1280
Wideband Passband RF filter
What causes unequal phase-to-neutral voltages in three-phase distribution systems?
How does a three-phase transformer work with phases sharing a common core?
Interface Mobile SDRAM (1.8V) with 3.3V SDRAM controller
Can you damage a tantalum capacitor by mounting with heat gun?
Any open tool for graph plotting for determining PID tuning parameters?
How can I measure small scale movement with an electronic component?
Help identifying a motor and how to control it with an Arduino
Detecting a 15KHz burst with logic output
Measuring voltage/current digitally on two separate power supply rails
How to sync sensor data
Flash memory corruption due to electricals?
Does gcode require a response code from the interpreter?
SINR versus transmission rate
How easy it is to order bulk customized .NET MicroFramework compatible boards from China?
Most cost-effective way of making an electronic "slot machine" with a hundred wheels?
RFID tags orientation issue...how to fix?
Design an AND gate using 2:1 multiplexor
How do I buy and test an oscilloscope?
Why is this Op Amp generating a 12kHz signal?
Sniffing data from C8051F007
What efficient techniques exist for rectifying high voltage?
In i.e. a TO-220 package, why is mounting the (pin connected) tab to case safe?
Is it going to be possible to write code in C++ for PIC microcontrollers in the future?
Contactless detection of AC currents?
100W Low Pass Filter
Rotation sense of a potentiometer
EAGLE Matched Length Pairs / Groups
Thyratrons: How they work, what they are used for, and how to read their datasheets
How do I determine the area of copper needed on a PCB to provide adequate heatsinking for a power SMD MOSFET?
Power LED from headphone jack
Where can I learn about how to create homemade electronics
What's the Actual Speed in GHz of RapidIO or RocketIO serial interfaces?
What do I need to close an electrical circuit for a certain amount of time
Have I cooked my caps?
single-cycle design using and shared memory for both data and instruction
Current and Voltage Ratings for Multi-Conductor Connectors
Set up an array of pressure sensors
Read force sensors of the keys an existing electronic keyboard
Is this a good use of a CPLD?
Controlling analog volt-meter display
Given a shift register- Create a circuit to check whether 4 first bits are equal to the last 4
Do I need the battery to be present if notebook connected via Car Universal Laptop Power Adapter?
Identifying a USB charging port without enumeration
Arduino or PIC microcontroller?
What are these pull ups for on this SDRAM?
What Can Be The Cause Of Low Voltage After Resoldering?
How to output signal though SMA connector in Spartan 3E Starter Kit
Talking to external device over serial with Arduino
simulation of lpt interface
supercap-powered RTC?
Specs on an AC-DC adapter that has two outputs
19v Charger with 14.4v Battery: What exactly can I expect?
Why do people survive lightning bolts?
Multidrop one or two lane bus
Arduino AVR Programing
Control a microwave from my computer?
Confusion about apply nodal analysis
Multiplexers/Demultiplexers
What is the difference between VQFP, HVQFP, TQFP & PQFP?
Identify this symbol: double emitter transistor?
How do I read this drawing?
Hall effect sensor output type - open collector vs RC
Why doesn't a high current transformer get damaged when shorted?
How to solve Bus Contention problem in my case?
Does changing PWM frequency in arduino affects SPI and I2C communication and helps controlling DC motor?
How can the capacitor be connected in reverse polarity?
Electronics course - From basics to designing circuits
how switch mode regs work - am I correct
Using ICs from old computer hardware and such
Arduino Blink example does not run after upload from eclipse
Tips for reliable card edge connections?
Is it feasible to test microprocessor/microcontroller?
Finding a current sense differential amplifier
Why are handheld devices always backlighted nowadays?
What is causing the input to my buffer to be damaged?
Analog circuit to turn on LED for 10 seconds just after power is applied?
Laser - damaging to your eyes?
how to design switching regulator in battery operated device?
Design plan for a calculator
When/why would you use a Zener diode as a flywheel diode (on the coil of a relay)?
Can I use diodes as part of a circuit to multiplex several analog signals?
How static electricity gets build up and how it gets discharged?
How do I make the Ardumoto shield work properly?
WiFi module says "mini PCI-e format" with "USB host interface" - what does this mean?
Implementation of traffic lights
how many data in Arduino progmem?
Boost circuit using UC3843-IC
How does this OP-AMP non-inverting amplifier work?
If a flip flop has a setup violation and goes metastable, is it guaranteed to settle to the input value when it finishes oscillating?
What is the difference between a solar system battery and a normal battery?
How to read/generate phase-shift-keying (PSK)
What would I need to open a circuit (a usb cable) for a few seconds, on a given time?
Program a PIC16F877A using VB.NET
How to calculate power from this diagram?
Programing another atmega8 running on 1MHZ internal RC oscillator using Arduino IDE
PCI-Express timestamp source that can be used in Windows?
What are the male pin ends on stranded jumper wires called?
Fine-grained sensing of distance between two permanent magnets
STM32, Keil and *** error 65: access violation at 0x60000000 : no 'write' permission
Arduino LilyPad Input Voltages Below the Input Voltage in Specs
Quartus - Export Verilog as Gate Level (FPGA)
Looking to create 36 channels of PWM control for LED sculpture
Antenna modeling software and tutorials
Analog Video PCB Layout
How can I measure which finger is moving in a glove?
PCI-Express on SATA or SATA on PCI-Express damaging?
How to measure Li-Po battery leakage?
Which parts of this rotor can be made out of plastic?
early accumulator based machines
Is there any microprocessor with only input pins or only output pins?
XOR Gate malfunctioning
Identifying and dealing with counterfeit parts
Help finding a freescale MC68LK331CPV27 datasheet
Why on earth are o-scopes earth referenced?
How can I test microprocessor / microcontroller?
Using Android Accesory mode to access a USB serial device, use a VNC2?
Electro-Mechanical Connection: from screw straight up to electrical-wire?
Using avr-gcc _delay_ms causes chip to freeze
How do I modify a DC electric generator to get the same power at a lower speed?
What Fuse Is The Correct Replacement?
Will DDR2 memory work with DM pins tied to LOW, if no data masking is required?
Seemingly unstable basic PIC18F2550 circuit
Compiling code to run from external RAM
Cleaning up a 5V Switching DC-DC converter for low noise 5V output
Export restrictions on programming equipment
Why is RS422a more immune to electrical noise than RS232?
Lightweight circular log (filesystem-like) algorithm for flash based storage
Strange port behavior (PIC24F)
Transformer pri winding
Do MOSFETs usually burn open or closed?
Connecting LEDs to a 9V battery
how significant is the effect of high loads on servo accuracy?
How are SMD thermal pads handled in Kicad's eeschema?
Laser for drilling very small holes
MOSFET fall time too slow
Smart switch for accessing Ethernet cameras
Thin wires - tips for stripping and soldering?
What is the difference between high and low density anti-static foam in terms of protection against ESD?
Arduino and a FSK Demodulator IC?
How does field effect passivation work?
Toroid with 8 leads
Xbee Factory -Hardware reset without serial communication
MIPS Pipeline Forwarding to MEM
Simple solution for driving a large-ish RGB LED array with PWM
How can I mitigate risk of electric shock?
Arduino Piezo Knock Sensor Synth
XBee wireless module not responding any more
How can I know if I'm safe from burning out my robot with more voltage?
Power Factor Correction
What should I buy to set up this Arduino wireless captors network?
Arduino: why does simple include not work
Applets illustrating the operation of diodes and transistors
Clock generation using FPGA
How to calculate power from this diagram? (Another one)
Laser Turn-on delay
Taking apart old electronics
Need help figuring out simple multiplication hardware
Difference between a rectifier diode and signal diode
Possible to fry a circuit with a power supply under its current requirement?
Shorting a DC power supply
MOSFET in high frequency applications
High bandwith/ low latency wireless sensor network
Missing components in Eagle Library
Multiplication in VHDL
What is flash memory wait states?
AC/DC Adapter for Camera Flash Mod
single cycle implementation with single memory
Why is power consumption sometimes given in mA and not in units of Watts?
How to build a cheap device to determine where Wi-Fi interference is coming from?
What happens after a zener diode breaks down?
Help Identifying Components
Tool For FSM Minimization
Solenoid Alternative?
Can noisy USB traces slow down USB communication?
Wifi limitations
Wireless light switch
How to slow down a 220V fan?
Electrical Contact to Digital Signal
How to connect arduino with shield correctly?
Are some soldering iron tips unsuitable for lead-free solder?
Weight measurement using load cell and process indicator
Compact fluorescent lighting and single phase motors
Postive input ==> Positive and Negative output
Other name for VGA socket?
EMIF interface between FPGA (virtex5) and TI - DDUC GC6016
Can leaving a Geiger–Müller tube energized continuously cause it to wear out?
How do I create a static library for the AVR Atmega328p?
How to tell if brushless DC motor is wired delta or Y?
Is it possible to use the Microchip Graphics library for a Single Color GLCD?
Why is a transistor used in a night sensor circuit?
What are the effects of connecting an external battery pack to a laptop's power jack?
How might I wire a split pi converter to transistors as to maximize output voltage?
How can extend the cable distance from a condenser microphone to the ADC without loosing fidelity?
How to build an external lithium battery pack for a laptop with 19V DC input?
Smallest touch that can be detected on smartphone touchscreens
Finger movement detection devices
Explanation of touchpoint density in touchscreens
Why does design_vision compile my carry-lookahead adder into a ripple-carry adder?
Is there only one SMBus on PC Motherboards?
Arduino Wireless USB Cable
Battery powered light curtain of 100-150 LEDs
Unstable oscillator using dsPIC
DIY 130kHz RFID antenna design for reading tags in large area
Setting pin to high in function instead of main, not full voltage output?
Choosing a Tantalum based on Min. ESR - LDO Stability
Eliminate 2.4GHz (Wifi) signal on power lines
Switching RCA composite video, under uC control - circuit ideas & suggestions
1-Wire bus implementation in PIC18F series for Parallax ColorPAL #28380 sensors
H-bridge ic for high voltage and/or current
How do I get 15V from a 34V power supply?
Powering Nerf Gun With Wall Adapter
Is there an IC that inverts DC==>AC at the resonant frequency of a tank connected to it? (~50V ~40A)
In general, why do capacitors have a higher tolerance than resistors?
Recommendations for converting 2~7V to 5V?
How network card uses electricity?
Problems starting PIC18F4680
Sourcing slim 3.5mm stereo jack plugs
How to connect GPS module to usb cable
Reusing Webcam and Monitor from old laptop
Passive Sign Convention
Hybrid phone echo cancellation circuit
Express bytes over cat5e as energy?
How are new 'best performance in the world' devices measured?
DVI Shield pins
Solid State Relay two switch based on headphone audio output to control dc signal
How do you output a frequency/note with a 1V octave keyboard controller?
What's this special type of PCB prototyping board called?
STM32 and embedded linux?
Voltage regulator or resistors to change voltages for motors?
SMPS minimum rating / type calculation - how?
Current source with pulse option
Coupling electret microphone input to linear audio output
Oscillator Driven LED - Not Oscillating
How often does "bit rot" occur?
LM317 to create constant current of 2mA?
Servo Motor Won't Turn Without Push
12 volt H-Bridge for a 2 volt motor
Protecting fpga / ram against mistakes
Mathematical models for vacuum tubes?
What is a boot loader, and how would I develop one?
Issues ascertaining current x time for battery life
How do you go about designing a circuit?
I need to convert +5V to +12V with minimal components and PCB space
Where can I purchase this "stuff" called neutral cure silicone rubber?
Simple LM317 variable voltage supply, does it limit current too?
Do ICs have a shelf life?
Current source vs current limiter
What does #if 0 do
What is S/P and P/S converter in communication?
Replacing a LM741 op amp with higher quality op amp?
How can I send multiple values from Processing to Arduino via Serial library?
pic18f flooding serial with zeros when reset
Johnson noise potential divider
RAM writing simulation in VHDL
Digital Clock Circuit
Making a Simple Audio Mixer
Motor Driver Circuit
modeling transfer function of ping pong ball levitation in a tube as a damper
Transformer - If the Output V number matches, does it matter that the A numbers are different"
How can I repair lifted traces without a conductive pen?
DIY simple line out converter for "floating ground" car head unit?
Vanilla crystals stability
Short circuit protection in simple audio current amplifier
High-stability oscillators (non-crystal)
AC-DC converter (120-230VAC)
Will switching a refrigerator on and off regularly shorten its life?
What is bit-banding?
How do I calculate Distance between two sensors?
turn off MosFet?
Fully Associative cache offset bits
stepper motor current rating
Why we use 330 ohm resistor to connect a LED?
Does the Maxim DS18S20 stop converting temperature if a reset is sent during the conversion?
Is this possible? produce 7 bit sum with one full adder?
Why and when to use reflow soldering?
motor hums arduino PWM
Why can't we use diodes in place of batteries?
Arduino power supply issue
How a LPC 2368 controller get the bus mastership on 68K address and data bus
What operating systems have been ported to Cortex-M3?
THS6002 "Dual Differential Line Drivers and Receivers". Output: 15 MHz
How does a connection of a wire to a bus bar work without overheating?
Direct current measurement without circuit breaking
RTC clock skipping months back
Why the measured voltage increases when I change ground reference?
Android - IC communication via audio
LDR Component Obsolescence
Is it true that a SD/MMC Card does wear levelling with its own controller?
Minimal requirements for a dedicated VNC client
What is the difference between a crest reading volt meter and a peak reading volt meter?
Debouncing this Rotary Encoder Switch
74123 vs 4538 as watchdog timer
Is this switching power controller compromise wise?
non-isolated power supply safety demand
Convert schematic from Eagle 6 to Eagle 5
ICs that convert an AC signal into its true rms value
Current Transducer with true RMS voltage output
Why doesn't my transistor audio amplifier work?
Leveraging DC series circuit to power higher voltage LED panel
HDMI to Component
Arduino Mega 2560 Broken?
Am I overclocking a PIC18F4525?
Electric stimulus for tactile feedback
How to calculate signal propagation speed through vias?
How to use measured step response to tune control system
Cleaning circuit boards for high impedance
How to measure propagation velocity through a trace on a pcb?
What is the usage of 3rd lead in mobile batteries
Using a CT to measure the current in home electronic devices
Resettable Fuse: Do they have a "Reset" limit?
Multiple Macs Controlled by single USB IR Receiver
How make hardware documentation?
How to lay out a schematic for review? Please critique
how to resolve 64 bit address of remote xbee using Arduino xbee library
How to write a simple feedback loop in difference equation?
How can i measure voltages on each phases of a 3 phase system, Using a microcontoller?
Configuration Settings of 18F4550
How electrons inside copper wire behave when source is ac or dc?
Trrs spec - audio jack
Diagnosing cause of electrolytic capacitor failing
How does CAT6 cable extend the range of an HDMI cable
Should NC-Pins of IC connected to ground through a resistor to prevent noise?
Replacing atmega8 with atmega328(arduino)
What can I use to detect pinpoint location (inches) outdoors?
Is it possible to have 16 simultaneous PWM outputs on a 64-pin STM32F4 device?
Low-cost, low-current solution for dropping 1V from a battery
Why Are Ethernet/RJ45 Sockets Magnetically Coupled?
Using Arduino UNO as a USB to TTL converter for unbricking a Seagate Barracuda 7200.11 Hard Drive
Using the ATMega328 with the internal oscillator?
Circuit Analysis Shortcuts
Parallel Operation Problems
PIC assembly code simplify
How do I get a constant current of 2mA; output voltage of 9V dc?
Wrong outputs in VHDL entity
Is possible to use Ipad touch screen with PIC16F707 MCU for DIY ?
Can solar panels be wired serially?
An IC that would combine a counter and a decoder
API portability for ARM Cortex (Xilinx Zynq 7000) with PowerPC (Xilinx Virtex 4)
How to short two nodes electronically
Digitally programmable switch using minimum space (without relays)
 Building multiprocessor motherboard
Weird overflow behavior of character type variable
Transmission line for UHF TV antenna
PORTB Interrupt On Change changes state unintentionally
9V AC stabilizer
What is Normalized DC Current Gain (as oppossed to DC Current gain)?
Is it normal for a micro SD card to have higher write speed for the first blocks?
Putting two wall-warts in series?
Transistor level convertor
ModelSim for XILINX 12.1 design suite
Information (datasheet) about stepper motor?
Confused by transistor behaviour
dust sealed connectors for PCB to wire, and wire to wire
Why have electricity travel across the country at 1,150 kV?
How do I fit a 2 bit subtractor into its expression?
using avr atmega32 as web server using ENC28J60 chip
LM317 - bringing down to 0 volts (with a uC)
What's the low voltage displayed by a voltmeter when only one of its probes is connected?
Terminating Transmission Lines with a Resistor
Error caused by Scope or Function Generator?
Ripple current in a linear power supply transformer
How to utilize HDMI port on FPGA (basic)
does a serial port have enough power to drive a comparator circuit?
Sensors to detect and measure movement
How do PCB fabrication houses make PCBs?
Trouble chaining multiple low noise op amps
Resistors in Parallel
Combining capacitors for multiple chips
Dual polarity power supply for project, possible choices?
Passing variable into array inside function
When is it neater to use VECTOR representations vs INTEGERs?
What is needed to conduct an Accellerated Life Test on rechargable batteries
Limit a radio to a single station
How can pipelining hurt the clock frequency?
LM317 current limiter, driving with uC
Torque kgcm (what is kgcm)?
STM32 and uCOS+uGUI
Hello world VHDL program - blinking LED
Current draw and VA ratings
FPGA or Microcontroller for Production Design?
Embedded Linux start, Help
Antenna Design Necessary?
Programming cypress CY8C5566AXI-061
Looking for a microcontroller for Audio DSP applications
AVR atmega 32 C compiler
Combining Arduino and LEDs on same power channel
Charging 35V 470uf capacitor with coin cell
How to open .sch files?
Sharing an oscillator between two ICs
3.3mF 100V Capacitor charging circuit?
Simple IR pulse detector with IR phototransistor
Why does the ISDN S0-Bus require terminating resistors?
56k Single Chip Modems
Dual power supply confusing TTL serial?
48VDC SLA charger from 12VDC supply design help
Why does my transistor circuit produce a wave?
Using MSP430G2452 Timer + ADC
What electrical anomaly can cause RCBOs to trip in apartments in several buildings at the same time?
Generate power from motion
Regulated DC supply - need help with calculations
What are some cheap, reliable methods of water-proofing switches and buttons?
How does LED Flashes One by One in my Project Some Queries?
Replacement of a Li-Ion battery
Circuit for helping big motor to launch
Controlling piezoelectric-actuated mirror wth arduino
LCD Module Datasheet Or Other Info
how many bits a random-access memory's cell contains?
How can an intense solar storm harm the power grid?
What does 3V3 or 1V8 mean?
Design considerations for powering microcontrollers with a 100 m cable
Mount giant antenna on car?
ROV (underwater) temperature sensor design considerations
UDP Like Protocol for XBee
Indoor Location Positioning
LCD Screen is very washed out and can only be viewed from very wide angles
Does Wi-Fi radiation pass through my body?
read 12V logic pin from arduino using an NPN transistor
How to get started with microcontrollers? (ATTINY2313)
Transistor current limiter, microcontroller controlled?
Measuring extremely high impedance, extremely high voltage sources
Push-pull/open drain; pull-up/pull-down
What causes sub-second mains voltage outages?
Why are LCD panels polarized at 45 degrees?
Why won't my CAN transceiver receive messages unless there is a long startup delay or a bus analyzer connected?
Layout advice for LDOs
Testing the integrity of SRAM
Board components that are sensitive to soldering heat
Cleanest method for measuring the reported speed of multiple computer fans?
Adding 3g wireless capability to an embedded project
How to divide signal level from function generator
Regulating a steam-powered model generator
Bonding strain gauges to ABS
Repairing broken trace on commercial board
Wiring a capacitive touch sensor to the Arduino?
Trying to get the 8bit to 10bit ADC Conversion formula right for Arduino with Temperature probe
Compatible/Equivalent/Substitute Diode for 1N5819?
Using BSS84 P-channel MOSFET
Connecting AC wires to a PCB
While using DC 12V power supply, if I connect only positive line to my electronic board and dont connect negative, what actually happens?
Can the Ids equation of MOSFETs be applied to real devices?
SPI: TI or Motorola mode?
connecting avr microcontroller to the internet
8086 Memory segment falling on 16-byte boundaries
7805 vs. 78L05 voltage regulators
What is this IC marked "26384533TVO"?
How to decode morse code with digital logic
Transmitting ASCII 'A' over SPI Protocol
Legality of using HDMI connectors in non-HDMI product
Backup AVR with avrdude
What is going on inside this nightlight circuit?
Help identifying connections on Kyosan KE750 power supply
How do I deal with square, cubic, etc. zeros and poles when manually drawing a Bode Plot?
How to provide stable power to RF receiver when operating on small batteries with blinking LEDs
Light levels affecting IV curves for a Diode
Arduino Mega ADK demo kit on Xoom and Nexus S
What's a good way to start learning how electronics and circuits work?
Help a beginner who wants to start microcontroller coding
Are there Eagle library templates for each package type?
Thermocouple to ADC - with negative and positive voltages
Implementing powerline communication on a battery-fed 12V line
Schematics SN54LV132A NAND Gate
Programming nRF24LE1 with the AVRISP
Use laptops monitor on another computer
Design a 1 GHz lowpass filter
Rules and guidelines for drawing good schematics
Is connecting two GND planes with vias a standard practice?
Using an eye diagram for dynamic equalization?
how to solve the solder joints not shiny?
Can anyone identify this component?
Mimic Blinker Ticking Sound
Extracting images from a camera in real-time
How do I use this voltage regulator with a digital pinout?
Complex Impedances
Hardware for Operating System development
Zero Cross Detection Circuit for line voltage
Connect UART WiFi module to PC
What are the cables for the BK Precision 9123A power supply connections called?
Wattage calculation for resistors in series
USB Device Sharing
Circuit and components for DC Fan
How can I learn electronics at home?
Finding Resonant Frequency in LC circuit using oscilloscope data
With a uC, I can input analog voltage levels, how do I output them?
Writing a Function at specific memory location of Flash
Unable to read values from Pololu QTR 8RC
Combine left and right channel at speaker level
Multiplexing serial line
How do I invert the output of this current sensor using the other side of the LM358?
Output two different voltages at the same times
Is making a D flip flop with asynchronous level triggered reset possible?
Camera Electronic Shutter
How much Analog would a Beginner Electronics person need to know?
Loop across ports (avr)
What are these white connectors called?
Running an alternator and SMPS in parallel
Why do we need resistors in led
What's the need for a temperature controlled soldering iron?
What is the voltage range of a standard headphone jack from a phone?
5V to 160V DC converter
Help with Metal-Core PCB
MSP430 Series 5 Guaranteed Stock
What is my AHB1 clock rate?
Why is static-dissipative (sometimes mislabelled "anti-static") polythene pink?
Is the GPIO speed involved in the baud rate of my USART?
How to determine Vth, Kn and delta from NMOS datasheet
Export RTL view and Waveforms as images from Xilinx ISE webpack
Sensor Polling via USB-RS485 Serial Interface stuck at 16ms, even though it should be faster
Is a bootstrap capacitors always required for mosfet drivers?
Creating a custom library part in EagleCAD and avoiding DRC Errors
MIPS (PIC32): branch vs. branch likely
What's the difference between MOSFETs and BJTs (from a circuit analysis perspective)?
Understanding a transistor configuration
What is this kind of switch called?
Programming for the Arduino without the Arduino IDE.. but with the provided libraries?
Micro-controller - Detect If AC Device Plugged In / Drawing Current from a Relay
Basic nature of electric current/voltage
TXE bit not reset in USART communication
Why is the USART receiver pin configured as "input floating"?
Which startup file should I use?
What kind of RF connector is this?
Setting the HSE clock frequency of an STM32
Measuring the HSE frequency of an STM32F2
Restart execution from the start without having to reload
What are viable approaches to a circuit to detect wet/moist cloth (bed-wetting)?
Tolerating Logic Inputs in Excess of Vcc
How to turn off an electrical installation with a simple cheated plug?
Where should the leads go to this kind of DC motor?
How can a Arduino (5v) power a device that operates on >12v?
Do Pick and Place machines check their work?
Unexpected Verilog warning  re FPGA clock assignment 
How data is stored in memory beyond 0s and 1s?
Which float switch to use for my A/C unit?
Transistor array with a common base
LPT1 to USB converter fast speed
Matlab and RLC analysis
Why we need blind or buried vias in our layout ,What is the difference between microvias?
Converter or cable to car power supply
What is the common pin configuration upon microcontroller reset?
How can I make an attractive enclosure for my circuit?
Porting a linker script from STM32F1 to STM32F2
What exactly is a current source?
Hard resetting an STM32
Crash when reaching the end of executable
How does one use both half and full adders together?
Could HDMI be potentially used as a power supply alternative for smartphones?
System Clock Ringing
Selecting small motor (wrist watch sized)
TI WL1897, which board and battery fits
avrispMKII short circuit protection triggering when programming
Sending command via phone or mobile phone
how to initialize SD1289 LCD TFT?
VSAT link between station A and B bandwidth is limited as QPSK modem 4096kps?
Determine humidity level of PCB circuit
Hardware breakpoints on the STM32
Functional difference between various astable 555 circuits
Two mono microphones on a single stereo input jack?
Ethernet: What is a jabber timeout
Isolation Transformer
Integrating battery and battery charger with my project - I never want to remove batteries from this device for charging, how do I do that?
Can I safely reduce a stepper motor's power consumption by applying a PWM to the driver's enable input?
Weather/environment sealed connectors, buttons? Sealing an LCD display at the edges?
ARM and dual e-ink displays
ADC Preliminary Design
How can I tell if something's controlled by an analog or digital input?
Why don't microcontrollers generally have on-chip DACs?
RFIDs versus Bluetooth
How to drive a Peltier element?
Could a USB wifi dongle be used as an Arduino Wifi module?
Can I use a PC power supply in a LCD?
How do I build a computer with a Z80 microprocessor?
Can the Arduino (or other electronics protoyping boards) deliver direct current waveforms for muscle and nerve stimulation applications?
What should I consider while designing a power supply for a device?
Sensor for detecting airsoft bullet
Eagle DIO lines
Identifying the right motherboard for a project
Calculations for building a mixer circuit
1/2 screen on 1953 Zenith TV
Standalone Atmega328
Using a pulse sensor with Arduino, is it possible to code in Actionscript?
NPN as toggle switch
How can I quickly and safely discharge a charged capacitor (small and low voltage; <= 42V)?
How does Square encrypt their data?
How to program ATTINY2313 with USBASP?
Expand RAM and flash on LPC2294
Where does the ALU's carry out go in this Shift-n-Add multiplier?
How is ASIC design different from FPGA HDL synthesis?
Where reset happens with SR flip-flop
LED Cube 4x4x4 Transistor Question
AC fan speed control
Software SPI implementation on SBC
3 RGB-LED with only 3 resistors
Improve range of 433MHz RF link
Large to medium size e-Ink Display for prototyping
Cheapest way to wirelessly synchronize two MCUs
Calculating Delay
Is every in-field stimulus replay-able during simulation?
SIM card communication protocol
How hard is it to reverse-engineer a two-way protocol for a beginner with a logic analyzer?
Localized RAM readback errors: chip or timing issue?
Arduino: Delay of 1ms necessary between Serial.read and Serial.write?
What is the STM32 event EVENTOUT?
What to look in a desktop/small DC Power Supply?
Interfacing a keypad with a microcontroller
How to make a VGA monitor display a white screen at all time?
Making a toy DSP processor
On PIC18 series, when should I use LAT register and when PORT?
Matching a transformer to one in a video balun - Vertical sync is off
Trouble with triac driven dimmer circuit
LED Driver IC STLED316S
What do I need to drive a servo motor?
Monitoring software for embedded application
Non intrusive controlling & monitoring system
Why some microcontrollers have so high price/performance ratio?
How does this voltage comparator work?
What is dual/quad I/O?
Testing an Ethernet peripheral
Adequate decoupling / noise reduction for two accelerometers?
Controlling relays via USB
What is the transfer function of a multiple feedback bandpass filter?
Electronic product test plan/scripts...how to go about writing them?
ADC reading 96V DC
Op amp rectifier : transfer function and output impedance
Object identification options, reliability and cost...recommendation
Doesn't using resistors serial to LEDs all the time waste a lot of energy?
Can you place vias inside a QFN footprint?
First project with LPC1769
Consume less energy by slowing down a 1 HP 220v pool pump motor
Electronic Design Software for Large Electronics
How to build a USB charger circuit that can switch between the USB and the battery power automatically?
What is the protective layer around microchips made out of?
Basic timings with an STM32
How much energy can be stored in a battery?
Web-based "snap-circuits" platform and course
Need help with RTL (Register Transfer Level) circuit implementation - Euclidian GCD algorithm
What is the formal definition of Quiescent Point?
How to build a 2N6027 PUT?
Excess minority carrier concentrations at the edges of the depletion layer
What is the definition of interference vs. noise in radio communication?
Too slow falling edge
Tiny wi-fi module on one board with ALU and memory?
Long solenoid (50cm stroke)
AC->DC supply, how to deal with chassis ground being connected to digital ground?
LM317 Resistor Values Performance
How close do I really have to place a 25MHz crystal?
IR Demodulator - How Does It Work?
How to choose value of resistor in voltage divider?
I need help with project ideas that include the construction of an AD converter and....?
Odd Op-Amp Behavior
Non-Volatile Serial Memory Chip
How to check the PCB design for manufacturing(DFM)
How does the electricity "know" the ratio of the resistance in a voltage divider?
How can I set the condition code in assembly language?
How to calculate thickness of cable based on material and current?
How to configure an analog filter(s) to maximally smooth out a 100 Hz PWM signal from a LED controller
What is the simplest method to simulate a solar panel on a current/ voltage regulated PSU?
Selecting correct zener diode
How to implement a closed loop control circuit for slow process?
Opamp driving a capacitive filter load
ESD protection of ADC input
My servo wont turn when accepting commands from an arduino
OpAmp Based Linear Regulators
Cooper Bussmann's screw-in Edison-base mini breakers aren't for inductive loads. What does "inductive" mean?
How to trigger a transistor from iphone's audio output jack?
3 stage/cascade voltage regulators
When an LED has a "light degredation" specification, does that means it's an OLED?
How can I make a font for graphical LCD?
Why would a Diff Amp require both inputs to have a DC path to GND to work?
How to make a Microcontroller choice?
What component does this MOSFET-like symbol represent?
Thevenin Resistance?
What is the most cost effective way to produce a custom circuit board?
How are CPUs designed?
Calculate how much current is a microcontroller's pin drawing
Do I need to buy USB Blaster with DE0-Nano?
Typical LM317 resistor values
measuring current drawn from a 3-phase AC induction motor using a digital circuit
How to measure, with timestamps, changes in the received luminance?
SD card emulation
Is it possible to make a USB device that would alter mouse data on the fly?
Choosing the right transistor for a switching circuit
How many affordable lithium polymer batteries would it take to safely jump-start a car?
What determines the speed of a brushless DC motor
Crosstalk avoidance on fpc cable
Tradeoffs when considering SPI or I2C?
Powering a breadboard with USB
ST-LINK is serial communication possible?
Overheating Problem?
How well do reflowed connectors self align?
Automatic ranging level convertor?
How to control a 12V solenoid valve with a mosfet?
transformer - can it also be connected to 24v ac
STM32F4 Discovery board and HC-SR04
Can AC and DC be converted and compared?
Unstable readings in photoresistor matrix with Arduino, OK with Ohmmeter - what's wrong?
Powering a 30 watt peltier heatpump
Can someone explain this tube amplifier circuit for me?
Computer power source
Solar cell efficiency on self tabbed cells
Designing a cable for bidirectional communication between 2 iphones via TRRS (headphone jack)
SPI transfer doesn't quite work on Netduino -> led driver
NPN Transistor switching two loads with common ground
Realtime Wireless Heart Rate Monitor
Voltage Is compared to pressure
How to connect a laser diode?
Efficient way to regulate voltage
Importance of dielectric in a capacitor
Difference between RAM and internal storage chips in HTC Sensation
Handling of UART Errors
Documentation - Is documentation available in a downloadable pdf format?
Processing NTSC video feed for SPI display
0-1 V to 4-20 mA converter
Interconnect capacitance and speed of data transmission?
Suggestions for Digital Logic Design laboratory projects ?
large digital multiplier IC
how voltage references work - LM336
How to enable serial emulation through USB in a STM32F4 Discovery board?
Computing rlc circuit in parallel
What is the point of the terminator enable pin of an RS485?
Logic and communicating protocols for the RS485
source of errors in simulation
30 amp 12 v diode
How do I detect revision of a particular PIC microcontroller?
Minus Voltage & Ground
a lm336 5v ref feeding mcp4922 dac - not getting much vout
Sensors to detect high speed object crossing plane
Impedance for Helmholtz Coil Connected to Audio Amplifier
Trying to understand FETs
In Common Emitter Amplifier Circuit ,Emitter Capacitor effect
NPN Transistor Analysis: How is collector current determined?
The need for a Comparator
The path of electrons in AC circuit?
Implementing a circuit on Printed circuit board
When does the current start to move
Help with laser diode connection
Do solenoids exhibit back EMF like motors?
When connecting to Ethernet through ENC28J60, why use ATmega88 instead of ATmega8?
ESD Horizontal Coupling Plane
Decoding XBee Series 1 API Packet
Arduino Uno + Ethernet Shield : 16x2 LCD Not Initializing
soldering nichrome wire
Designing a simple automatic USB switch
How should I write a feasibility study report?
100khz signal detector
Sounds or music into a DC fan?
Charging devices - Voltage and Amperage
Want to control 30V LED strip with a microcontroller, any help or ideas?
Electric flow rate (Amper) on the com-port
how to find minimum acceptable current through voltage divider driving transistor
How do I shield a card like Visa payWave and MasterCard PayPass to block its communication?
How do I sense sinusoidal voltage/current on a resistor?
Simple and powerful audio amplifier around BA4558?
How is this motor on a Romotive controlled?
How important is it to put decoupling caps on the same side of the PCB?
How is the frequency for a CR Filter acting as a Differentiator Determined?
Capacitors and filtering
Input impedance of an op Amp 
Prepackaged solutions for voltage step-down
Relationship of signal Frequency and the SNR?
Soft i2c with Sensirion SHT21 sensors on Arduino Mega
Is it possible to build a inverter that operates at a frequency set by an LC tank using ONLY that LC tank and transistors?
Homebrew differential 'scope probe
How to hack a walkie-talkie to light up LEDs when it receives a signal
Calculating the square root of 8-bit binary number
Does a 250MHz FIFO chip exist?
Crazy homebrew 500 MHz 1 Gs/s oscilloscope possible?
Help with current draw in a circuit
What is the ratio of antenna length to power?
Why the sector erase time change in the new Nor flash cause the driver cannot work?
State of the art for turbo decoding
what are the disadvantages laptop using without battery
first step in embedded system
Spy-Bi-Wire vs JTAG
Microprocessor controlling SRAM through an FPGA
Redpark cable for arduino, any alternative
Simple open source ALU written in Verilog
What are these coaxial connectors called?
ESD effect on MCU pin
Is this a good design & layout of an active differential 'scope probe?
BJT current mirror implementation
why use seminconductors instead of plain conductors and insulators
Starting with Hall effect sensor
Are small valued capacitors effective in the device power input?
Pull-up resistor over a microphone
Op Amp output range
Radio controlled car / Arduino control algorithm ideas
detecting low signal levels with a transistor
How to remove DIP ICs from breadboard?
Identify this connector
What is the relationship between ARM® and TI OMAP® / Samsung Exynos® / Apple A5X® / Qualcomm Snapdragon® / Nvidia Tegra®?
Will NXP NFC PN532 work connected to an antenna grid that is multiplexed?
What do you call the dynamic range of a variable gain amp?
What makes an active probe so expensive?
Programming nRF24LE1 with an Amontec JTAG key
Write an AVR Program
PIC Microcontroller timer
Rotating a gyroscope's output values into an earth-relative reference frame
What microcontroller programming toolchains are available on mac OSX and how do they compare?
Generating three voltages with a MCU
How to operate tube-lights using relays
Very thin, flexible wire for LEDs -> Arduino inside cramped space?
Beginner in Arduino, what materials are needed?
Transferring a 1MB bitstream to a FPGA and reading it out
Multiple-microphones and mic-switcher
MPLAB 8: Hotkey for "Program Target Device"
Communications engineering, call arrival rate, poisson
source/output resistance
How to make Arduino do High Speed I2C
connect computer to magnetic exercise bike
What is hold time violation?
Can anyone identify this component? (possibly counter)
Scattering matrix Transmission Matrix lasers
LM386 amp circuit lag
Why Do Some Frequencies Get Cut Out?
Working with Spartan-6 LX9 clock
Use of capacitor for data lines near sata port
Append source code to flash image when programming an AVR
How to observe powerline modulated signal?
S = VI*/2 derivation
Do QFNs really need that thermal pad?
Soft video encoder for M4
13+ wire DB-25 or DB-15 cable
Connecting power supply to fan? Does it work?
What is ground bounce?
Most efficient way to achieve 3.6V or less from NiMH or Li-Ion batteries (when fully charged)
How long would this battery device last?
Can we remove the neutral wire?
How do I protect analog circuit from relay switching noise?
Energy in capacitors - loss?
What does the "L" in inductance stand for?
arduino IOException
How are Verilog "always" statements implemented in hardware?
Adding an Obstacle Avoidance Sensor to a PIC
Control TI Launchpad over USB
Circuit to Convert Line Level to Mic Level
Why do utility companies supply at a frequency of either 50/60 Hz?
BC331 and BC541?
Arduino vs standalone microcontroller programming
Why we use a standard of 4-20 mA
Do AVR registers and ports need to be initialized to zero?
Periodic graph in frequency domain
Why can't regs be assigned to multiple always blocks in synthesizable Verilog?
Dealing with bidirectional communication over 1 pin
Problems communicating with I²C RTC
Using if/else syntax for assign statements
DC motor halting pic18f
Time domain to frequency domain
Converting an NO reed switch to a NC with lowest leakage current
Arduino USB not detected in Device Manager
How do I use directional couplers on a differential signal?
I²C protocol - Understanding
Data communication via audio channel
How I can set up a transfer function of y = mx+c?
Protected USB connectors?
How to determine a system is stable using pole zero analysis?
Can a Micro handle torrent downloading?
Generating thermal noise from a resistor
Photo-couple/opto-isolator that stops current through the output when current flows through the input?
Low value manually resettable adjustable electronic fuse
How do I use VHDL generic parameters when I place a sheet symbol in Altium?
What is the I2C ACK, and how do I detect it?
Meaning of the data input pins of a DAC
How to connect external switches to this circuit board
Need help driving N FET gate from LM393 comparator output
Are Verilog reals synthesisable?
What is the best way to short adjacent SMD pads?
Timer1 not running on PIC16F628
Alternative to wake on LAN
building thin devices, how to get started?
Signal reflections at the driver?
Coordinate transformations
why does the milling machine require FR4 material
configuring UART as FIQ
Filter Design with Opamps Query
Getting TV video from a motorola MBP36 video baby monitor
over using timer, calculating exact one second delay
BJT in Reverse Active Mode of Operation
Why doesn't page mode write operations exist?
Web site for PCB routing or PCB tools
Is it possible to create a zener based spike filter?
Rotating Platform That Starts and Stops Incrementally
Meaning of hash symbol in pin name
Need for DRC for Gerbers?
Good LCD for clean mounting in hobby project?
Undefined behaviour in a PSRAM read memory transaction
Using C18 software I²C libraries, is there any smart way to set bus speed?
Best way to affect a compass in 2 meter distance
Whats this white stuff on my board?
Advice on fixing laptop volume knob (potentiometer)
Gyroscopes Output Voltage drift when not moving, trivial question
Know of any inexpensive UHF RFID reader modules?
Feeding Arduino from 220v AC with dual primary coil transformer
Industrial electronics layout and design
Charge moves if you scuff the rag with your shoes
Arduino ADC behaving oddly
What's a fun electronics related gift for 2012?
Pumping a few amperes for 100 µsec
Does layer order matter in a four layer PCB?
Are board stiffeners OK?
Discrete diode definition
What is the best abstraction for HDL code?
ATMega8 - PORT C - Digital Output Issue
What is this: a dual CAP?
What's the use of a dual capacitor?
Attaching two identical PSRAMs to the same set of signals
Tinning wires that will be screwed in to a chocolate block/terminal strip
Is this passive headphone mixer design safe?
RC/RL circuits and frequency selection
How do I make fading lights?
Would a four terminal mosfet work equally well if the source-drain polarity were switched?
Battery pack with 12 NiMH 1.2 V AA batteries
detection of absence of 118V DC voltage using optocoupler
interrupt handler
Transient Protection
Using resistors at their rated power
W/L Ratio of a MOSFET
Line level with respect to GND
Generation of clock signals
RS232 wire color
Heat Transfer of Aluminum Plate with LEDs
How to monitor / log / record / store voltage reading across various connectors of a PC power supply unit ( PSU )
What PCB electromagnetic simulation tools are available?
Instrumentation Amplifier - how to use it correctly
Transistor to drive an ignition coil
DIY small solenoid water valve
Calculating node voltages
rangefinder (very long range), ultrasonic or laser... for arduino?
LM555CN chip acting weird
One or two UART stop bits?
How do I fix an Omron d2fc-f-7n microswitch from unwanted clicks?
Antenna to receive 50Hz
ENC28J60 not getting link
Arduino and iPhone via WiFi
How to build a motherboard
actual status and future of RFID
Creating an electronic switch for controlling a headset's control button
First-time-right designing?
How to get half frequency square wave from sin wave?
Why we use ground
Why is the Anode positive if Anions are negative...?
Reading and writing SRAM
2 Ethernet Ports and a FPGA
I'm looking for a low-parts-count Arduino <-> phone & POTS line interface
Why are these switches connected to ground?
What is the "signal" line on this PSU?
Designing a Power supply unit
Which configuration is better for pulling down an NPN transistor's base?
Highly asymmetrical rise and fall times
Increasing Fall/Rise Times for Signal Integrity
Clamp tester with 3 core cable
Compare resistance to a setpoint and trigger a relay
Components on both sides of one side PCBs
Given a source of mechanical input, can an RC motor charge it's own battery without extra cicuitry involved?
Coaxial Switch Using Arduino and Multiplexers
Why voltage lags by 90° from magnetic flux?
Wifly or Xbees for wireless Arduino
How do two-leaded color changing LEDs work?
Plug For D-Hole
How can I test a dc motor?
LM317 Ground Problems
IR Demodulator Design
Can someone tell me what this datasheet is trying to tell me?
SPI specifications
What kind of project could help a software engineer become more of an electronic engineer?
What happens when an FPGA is "programmed"?
Master included as device on I2C bus?
Do you know how to use USART on STM32?
What are the D02, D08, D10 arduino pins equivalent on Teensy?
What is an FPGA package?
What is an "IP implementation"?
What would a professional use to switch sprinkler solenoids?
What are the "embedded" and "non-embedded" design flows?
D+ and D- on USB
I2C - RS232 controller
LM3915 questions about data sheet and operation
Simple voltage build-up circuit
Did I Kill My Chip?
How do I drive a TRIAC from a microcontroller (for low voltages)?
Antiparallel LED Driving Circuit
How to make an h bridge using only comparators
Amplifying PWM to solenoid
In designing a digital filter by impulse invariance method why is the scaling factor irrelevant?
Eagle: the holes don't come with the component
What graphic chips could be used with a W65C816
non-polar electrolytics made with polarized caps
What is the purpose resistors and capacitor in this 555 circuit?
Placing a Device in EAGLE
How to control interrupt using timer in microcontroller
Arduino wireless communication
Why doesn't my solar charger work?
SRAM and Flip-Flops
opposing PID controllers
How to configure the internal oscillator in a PIC16F616?
calculation of adsr from envelope
How to invert a digital signal
How to calculate suitable dummy load for a power-supply?
Why doesn't this work? (Simple Circuit)
Cheap high speed oscillator
Lower Voltage RF Amplifier for 400 MHz
LED Voltage Drop in Series
Task in verilog code
How important is the shield on an RJ45 connector?
LCD Programming with Arduino
Do you know how to init ov7670?
Simulating digital and analog inputs on a PLC
iPad Doc connector: is it possible to using the camera connection kit while charging the ipad
What is the function of this circuit?
Cannot light up the LED on breadboard
Cascaded logic inverters
Using a high C capacitor
Can I connect ICs directly together
Reasoning behind Ethernet pair order
Soft Starter Sizing for No Load Testing of Motors
Discrete Ethernet magnetics
Smallest stepper motor (that one could buy)
When is a lower gain transistor preferable? - Letter suffix on bipolar transistors
How to realize these transfer functions as a circuit?
8051 chip with USB
Negative voltage in Mesh Current Analysis
Save schematic from KiCad / EESchema to png
What do we use to convert AC to DC current in houses
Measuring rotation over z-axis (gravity axis) inside an metallic duct
Help Identifying This Part
how to calculate exp(x)
Strange behavior from a 4017 Johnson counter
Ethernet shield vs Wifly shield
How to find/make a latch that reacts to 0 / 1 inputs and keeps the last state while in high impedance
BJT in Active/Linear mode -- How can it still conduct current?
Latch-up, JESD17, and JESD78
Effect of oxidation on solar cell bus-bars
Fast and memory efficient moving average calculation
Current Drain on ADC
Unknown motor, specifications interpretation and use
Determine the output capacitor parameters of flyback SMPS design
Circuit that dumps RF energy on matched load. Can anyone help?
Use two ADC channels to increase resolution
Cheap accelerometer in DIP package?
Define callbacks for interrupts
Can Original Arduino Mega 2560 Work with Google ADK?
How to initialize stepper motor?
Capacitor selection with multiple regulators
Where can I find beginners electronics project schematics online, for free?
Can Thunderbolt be used to power the host device?
What PCB design software do you use? Can you share more on its advantage and disadvantage?
High Voltage PCB
Using a momentary push button as a latching on-off toggle switch
Sinusoidal Waveform Induced on Long (~15m) Wire
PIC keeps resetting: Am I seeing side-effects from breadboard use?
For a vehicle, what is the most efficient way to store energy from various inputs?
Microcontroller writes additional data on high-frequent writes
Capacitor specification for computer logic board replacement
Need to find a transistor
How to debug C code of a PIC16F84A in Proteus ISIS VSM?
Overclocking my toothbrush
Itead Arduino BT jumpers
Cache. MESI protocol for multilevel cache in Intel processors
Can a Cockcroft–Walton generator exhibit resonant rise?
UDP vs TCP protocols
Are there op amps or comparators that run on >100V?
Which String methods got changed with Arduino 1.0?
Energy consumption when cell phone charger connected to socket but not to phone
Is it Possible to receive the phone calls through GSM Modem Interfaced with Computer in Computer?
Building a simple switching regulator for DC12V -> DC5V
Is it possible to use 2-way walkie talkie to locate position?
What documentation should an engineer produce for communicating with other people?
Does pin order matter at all for this RAM?
What might be the cause of noise in my audio out on Stereo when connecting computer as the "audio in"?
Driving 10x10 LED matrix with AVR?
How to connect Ethernet Switch IC with ARM9 CPU
Arduino to act as a switch for a remote
Water Meter Monitoring
Hijack/observe RS485 communication data by wire tapping?
What back-end and front-end are in hardware design?
Long distance proximity monitoring
Random bit sequence using Verilog
Error when compiling start-up file on STM32
How do you Calibrate 32.768kHz crystal for PIC24 RTCC
Repairing consumer electronic plastic enclosures
Is connecting the V_REF- pin for a dsPIC mandatory?
Schneider EGX100 Gateway with AB PLC 5 series
How does a battery recharge?
Beginning ArduPilot
LCD / LED panel power consumption
How is fully charging a Li-Ion battery in 35 minutes possible?
ATMega328 External AREF Connection
Electronic Loadcell
Why do most h bridge modules have more leads than 2 inputs, 2 outputs, and 2 for power?
Pool alarm with wireless remote alarm, how to integrate with it?
Is a CAN enabled microcontroller sufficient to drive a CAN bus?
Possible causes for 7-segment LED flicker
What is the name for this rotary switch scheme?
Gear maker with 2 stepper motors
Lavet type stepper motors
Manchester encoding
Questions about Thevenin's Theorem
Sensors that are also actuators?
Setting +9V behaviour in GnuCap
Why is this Circuit Measuring 1.8v
Capacitor discharge and 1/2 terminal voltage sources
Is there a standard In Circuit programming connector for LPC chips?
Do two encoders connected to a microcontroller interfere with each other?
Is it possible to run a stepper motor only with a L293D at reduced current?
Substitute a button for a timed event?
How does the Arduino IDE/build system work?
need a circuit that can switch motor direction by photo or timer input
How many opamps does it take to find the peak amplitude of a signal?
Physical properties of transformers
Building a UHF FM audio transmitter
Safely driving a high power h bridge with optocouplers
How to flash LEDs with a microcontroller?
Help wanted explaining signals coming with higher frequency than clock and how to handle them
Data transmission : what is neutral current method?
Estimating Assembly Cost
Phi before datasheet timing value
Current rise time. How fast is too fast?
Clock switch in PIC18F4550 doesn't seem to work
How to amplify an electret microphone
Clearing lockup after double fault
Easiest way to extend a pulse
How can I power this micro pump
If I made an h bridge out of silicon controlled switches, would I still need a driver?
How to analyze this circuit in the time and frequency domain?
Gnucap: using Vsupply command in batch mode
Interfacing HD44780 compatible LCD display and Spartan 3 FPGA
How to increase the power output of a shunt regulator?
Measure the resistance of some DC Motors
My first arduino project: what parts do I need to create the simplest vehicle?
SPI setBitOrder question
Ideal serial communications test?
Analog voltage level conversion (level shift)
How to build a custom PIC Programmer?
UART strange behavior with PIC32
Does using only NAND/NOR gates increase circuit delay?
reading data back from lm016l LCD(HD44780)
STM32F2: Makefile, linker script and start-up file combination without commercial IDE
Transistors and PWM
attiny861 does not want to wake on interrupt but simulation works
Why do GPS receivers have a 1 PPS output?
Blowing resistors in parallel, in an order-controlled way
Possible to use a Double Layer Capacitor (SuperCap) instead of Electrolytic?
How can I reduce the size of an AVR ethernet bootloader?
What is Access RAM in PIC18 series and how is it exactly used?
Where can I find projects that are more tutorial than "copy-paste"? Some thing that talks about the math and analysis of it as well. 
Which type of Ethernet magnetics should I choose for PoE?
Altium Camtastic Auto-Rout PCB Border is routing over edge of board
Help Troubleshooting This Circuit
Legality of Reverse Engineering
Are LCD/Plasma/Smartphone monitors susceptible to EMR eavesdropping?
GPS Data Accuracy on Inclines
Using Webpack from the command line, but without a project file?
Solving this circuit using node analysis
Using a GPIO pin as a power source
Questions about capacitors in DC
Multimeter misuse by shorting a 220 voltage through it
What is the talker ID of this GPS receiver?
How to send unsigned bytes through serial from arduino
434MHz PCB Trace Antenna Design
KiCAD vs gEDA vs other open source CAD?
Using a 434MHz PCB Trace Antenna
What happens when an embedded program finishes?
Question on Profiling sample time on arduino atmega328
How do I build a TRRS headphone jack with a jack that is detectable by an iPhone
caveats in rail-to-rail I/O opamps?
Building a waterproof and cheap proximity detector
How does Sifteo and Scrabble Flash tiles handle proximity and ID?
Problems solving strategies of experts in simple DC-circuit problems
safety margin in transistor base current
Reducing noise in mixed-signal audio circuit
Is it practical to use separate MOSFETs for PWM and direction control?
Triggering buttons with a diode
Is it possible to connect an embedded device to the internet through a USB internet Dongle?
Connect PICKit2 to PIC18F14K50
Host (baseband) controller in mobile phone
Electrical installation: how to label wires?
How do indicator light circuits work?
Any idea on any device which track multiple mobile phones
LPC1343 Firmware Loading - Change drive label
charging 24v lithium battery pack
How to wire a GSM module to my alarm system
Simplest way to upload sketches onto "hackduino" without having a arduino duemilanove
OP07 unity gain
Wingman Wheel with different power supply?
Controlling an electromagnet with Arduino
Sending data over a magnetic field
Charging affects battery life?
How to adjust the voltage of this SMPS?
How to communicate to ATmega328 with a PC
How is quasi peak calculated
Corrupt LVDS Display
Deciphering Portable Appliance Test results
Programming PIC18F2550 with an Arduino
Can you clarify what an 1NO1NC switch is?
Relating position sensor voltage input to Arduino PWM % output
What does 0x0800f298 in ?? () mean?
Improving throughput of a Bluetooth Low Energy Connection
Doping Semiconductors
How do you use a screwless terminal block?
Question about MOSFET behavior
Could someone identify this variable resistor?
Reducing the sensitivity of a PIR sensor?
Driving a DC motor forwards and backwards with a PIC
What is going on with these SPI transmissions?
Constant current Opamp circuit issues
Is it possible to use USB port with a transmitter to control a robot
Trouble understanding Alternating Current (AC)
How can I fix an AVRdude not-in-sync error when programming Arduino via USB-to-serial cable?
Where should I put the kickback diode in a transistor switch?
Performance Analysis of PLC Modem
How do the tiny AC->USB power supplies work?
Run current and hold current to a stepper motor?
How to convert a TowerPro 18A MAG8 (HH30A_V1.1) Electronic Speed Control (ESC) from PWM to I2C?
ARM Mini Mobile Device Development
Opamp: current flow in supply legs
Measuring tiny voltage variation with Arduino ADC handing the rapid changes in control algo
Building a USB charger for camping
LiFePo4 Battery Cells, minimum and maximum charge?
Can a solid capacitor be damaged by a heat gun?
Cable length and amperage
Can an ATmega or ATtiny device signature be read while running?
What is the proper and up to date method for multiplexing digital inputs?
Disadvantage of oversampling
How can I measure rotation on a cog wheel?
What are some ways to extend life of Nixie Tube?
How to identify a BLDC motor from a brushed DC motor?
Driving a 24 BPP display in 5:6:5 mode
Difference between current transformers and power transformers
Can I use Mini2440 tutorial for Tiny6410?
UART corrupted data
How to power a GSM Modem from a Li-Po battery?
Electro Optics vs Optoelectronics > What's the difference?
Upside down printing
Identifiy the Diode-ish device
Identify component in old West German flip clock
Distance between 2 arduino's using rf links
How do I use a clipping Zener at the input of an Opamp inverting amplifier?
What is the crystal range for a dsPIC30F5016 to get max MIPS?
How usable can results of measuring MOSFET resistance with a multimeter be?
PIC32 running a program from RAM
Switch between battery and dynamo to power bicycle lights
Is it possible to make a non-inverting difference amplifier?
Is it possible to calculate effective value of a signal from its average value?
What's a microcontroller "ordering code"?
Powering a Microchip development board externally
Replacing analog scope BNC input connectors
Which accelerometer and storage chip should I use to measure Foosball rod acceleration?
What coordinates should an USB HID mouse return?
How to determine velocity profile for two stepper motor in robot driving
Wrong multimeter readings measuring 12V lead acid battery
Pulsed High Power LED
Why do DMMs have a capacitor on their AC measurements?
Does Transformer heating add noise to a circuit?
How much capacitance do I need in the input of LM78L05
What is the difference between Ethernet and Serial communication?
Understanding voltage and current
USB to serial adapter
How do i put a DC motor on an arduino motor shield and use it
System on chip questions
Bluetooth for motorcycles
use computer power supply to run motors
How to power a low consumption Computer On Module from noisy industrial power sources
Why voltage increase when current flows backwards into a non-ideal voltage source?
Securing PCBs - Screws Vibrating Out
PIC18F4520 ADC Conversion in MC18
Allegro: plotted artwork only has hatched pads
High voltage metallic shield grounding
Square AC to Sinusoidal AC
Need Realtek's rtl8188cus (WiFi USB dongle) datasheet. Any advice?
ioProx ID card continually getting fried
Does this voltage regulator use "on-off" control, or is it a voltage follower?
How can I simulate a battery's current/voltage characteristics?
Addressable simple serial bus for medium distances using PIC microcontrollers?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using signal diodes instead of resistors?
How do I write and upload a LED blink program on a PIC (pic16f59)?
How do I read these (Arduino) schematics?
Source transformation of two current sources not in parallel
How does this wall to usb supply work
Transients and shielding in power transmission/distribution lines?
how to use TMP87P809N microcontroller with any EEPROM
USART reception problem in PIC16F877A
Eagle - export image of holes for component leads
Using Vin pin on Arduino with a shield
What's the difference between large and small scale signals
ARM processor on a PCB
What happens when P controller's gain equals zero?
Switch at output of operational amplifier
Adding third channel to the PIC32 starter kit `DMA chaining and PWM´ example
Is it really necessary to unplug devices from the wall before connecting HDMI?
Parts to build a digital camera
What is the definition and purpose of a pre-amplifier?
Four transistor/full bridge version of the Royer oscillator
PIC 18f4685 and Hitachi 44780 LCD
Half-Duplex Twisted Pair ethernet - which pair?
How to connect the pic16f59 to a pickit 3?
How do I tell sleeve from sleeve shunt on this connector?
Can you play Chords on Arduino with a single piezo speaker?
What kind of computer do I use to program an atmega?
PICC18: Certain __CONFIG() -macros cause syntax errors
Solder doesn't stick wires to connectors
How come a charge pump works without a reservoir capacitor?
Strain gauges burned out in half bridge
Amplifying strain gauges on an arduino
USB bus powered hub - more than 100 mA per device?
433 MHz receiver
Can anyone identify this thermometer probe?
Reasons using RS232 instead of USB
Interfacing Arduino to C64's tape port
Fuses: What are the practical differences between Ceramic and Glass cartridge fuses
What is the difference between a nonretriggerable and retriggerable One Shot?
Upgrade ARM over the air
Power management of sensor IC
Sensing signal on a power line from high side
What's the best way to fit many components onto a Eeschema schematic?
Female header with common pins?
ABCD to scattering parameters derivation
Common vs Ground in DC Circuit
Is there a special name for stripboard with split tracks?
USB vs TTL data signal shapes
Hand crank DC generator - a simple dummy load that won't burn out?
Using a counter to reduce pin counts for SPI slave selection
IGBT ratings, I don't understand how this is possible
How can I improve USB EMI insensitivity?
Line, Neutral and Ground and another Ground
Splitting wires for newbies
8 bit octal full adder help
How can I switch this audio jack, using its own mechanical switches, without creating feedback?
Can I use a PC/104plus board on a PCI-104 connector
Configuration for two XBEE S1 together
LV cable sizing for short circuit condition (NEC)
Buying quality electronic devices
Running executable from external SRAM
Complex power using phasors derivation
MicroSD Card Slot SPI Signals
SPI flash memory doesn't work without huge delays
SDRAM Prototype vs Production Woes
Overvoltage i/o pin fried my arduino uno. Can it be saved?
Microchip circuit
Is is possible to communicate over 1 XBee to multiple microcontrollers?
How to fix rounding errors on microcontroller?
Why don't my rechargeable AAA batteries work in my cordless phone?
power supply reading drop from 12V to 4.8V why?
Attenuation curve of the twisted pair cable
Wheatstone circuit not functioning
Motor driver board - wingxine - need help with wiring
Synchronous motor mystery
QFP on stripboard, without PCB?
ICSP Circuit: Vpp (13V) and Vdd (5V) on Pic microcontroller MCLR pin
Debugger and Programmer mode on ICD3
What Components might these Be?
How to power 24 7-segment displays with Arduino?
Arduino-controlled slot car set - Why are my MOSFETs burning out?
Li-Poly battery charger with protection - Schematic review
Piezo circuit issues
Power generation strategy
How build a toroidal transformer?
What is pseudo-open-drain-logic?
High/Low Input Voltage Atmel At90USB128 Microcontroller
Capacitor Question
What do I risk by putting a 40W tip on a 50W iron?
How do I connect these modules to an arduino?
Autorouter for PCB breadboard?
How to capacity threshold dectector with a simple analogic circuit?
How to interface a quadrature encoder with PIC?
Is a separate usb signal generator and scope more accurate or flexible than a combination unit?
Disposal of ferric chloride etchant
How can I use all of AA battery's energy in an instant?
Can anyone explain how this circuit works?
How to know how many LEDs can be used at a given voltage
MOSFET: When can we not assume that the gate current is 0?
Which 74xx logic families are overvoltage tolerant on their outputs?
STM32: Performing a software reset
Soldering an SPI Flash onto a dev board
What does the tamper button on my STM3220G-EVAL board do?
Why do many laptops run on 19 volts?
What is the difference between reg and wire after synthesizing?
Current multiplier/divider for current measurement?
Why aren't log taper pots smooth?
STM32: Running many peripherals at the same time
What is the current limit on each phase of a 160 kVA three-phase UPS?
Good book for PIC 18F beginner?
How do you determine whether your product requires CE marking?
Breadboard setup for a data acquisition system trigger
transfer function of a full bridge diode rectifier
How long can PIC18 keep RAM after being powered off?
How can I simulate and handle an automotive load dump?
Garmin Gps Battery Modification
What gauge of single strand wire works well with breadboards?
Same color on both ends of resistor!
Reading a char array provides different results in and out of ISR
12V -> 5V 1A using L7805CV
How can i know the frequency range of electronic device?
matching game with light or buzzer
How does CPLD propagation delay work?
Example projects, programming and debugging tools to work with Elan EM78 series microcontrollers
What kinds of things can cause a power supply to cut out?
Why do buck (step-down) switching regulators require an inductor and diode?
How is phase angle calculated in an RLC circuit?
Is it possible to specify an equivalent RLC network for a loudspeaker?
Question about ICL7673 IC
Microwave Stub Design(Choice between Series & Shunt and Open & Short)
Trying to simulate a PWM model of a boost converter in gnucap
Protecting low voltage high C capacitor with high voltage low C capacitor
Lowering 3.3V to 3V
5V and +5v charger adapter, What is the difference?
End of Life Component Source needed
Circuit movement detector
A question on difference between an computationally created sinusoid signal and the recorded signal (when played out through a speaker)?
Electronics to Measure Impact / Pressure
Can somebody identify this keyed connector?
Resources for IBM PC compatible motherboard / Intel 80486 development
Bluetooth 4 and Wifi direct chip development board
What is an "API-formatted packet"?
Sniffing ADSL data exchange
Is there a something else I could use in this circuit instead of inductor?
Why are red LEDs so dim & how do I make them brighter?
What is the most practical way mount this sort of module having no pins?
Noise over time
2.4GHz Warmer/Colder game based on signal strength
Implement MicroController Power Switch and re-use the button for other features
Clock circuit layout techniques
Convert Eagle v6 BRD file for autorouting?
Laptop Adapter current request
IR TV/Satellite remote control
PCI obsolescence - IEEE1284 (EPP,ECP,LPT) printer port ASIC
Which way to draw diode in a circuit diagram
How do electrical body fat detector work?
3V to 500V DC converter
Controlling 23K256 SPI RAM with Arduino
PIC18F2550 oscillator settings?
Display RFID tag data on an LCD display
Phone line to 3.5mm audio line
Signal assignment type
Determining the coil inductance of a relay when the relay is on
What waterproof temperature sensor do I need to measure water temp using an arduino mega?
Conflicting impedancies in peak detector
General transfer function for a bandpass filter
Is there a formula describing the relationship between bit error rate, frame size, and normalised effective throughput?
Differential resistance for a zener
ZigBee and Zigbee Pro interoperability
how do you remove heat from a ceramic heat exchange heatsink
Basic Frequency Control Circuit
How can I matrix switch multiple lines, including power?
Why won't a 1.5V (or 1.2V) battery give an electric shock?
Measuring power/current
Help understanding AVR execution timing
Trying to make a usb car charger
Laser related questions
TL16C550 UART doesn't transmit, baudout is permanently high
How does a chip interpret different opcodes?
PIC analog to digital converter to measure more than one battery voltage (with different grounds)
How to test RF (1GHz) PCBs?
hardware component for playing mp3
Why is feedback required in op-amp circuits?
Karnaugh Mapping Assignment
Maximum cable length for 3.3V UART signals
Types of amplifier - what is the difference?
Why can't a feedback network use a capacitor?
BJT biasing and operating points
names for SMT ribbon cable socket types
FFC/FPC that locks directly onto PCB?
Buck Regulator Running From Car Battery Stability Problems
BLDC Regenrative ESC and LiPo
Making a notch filter fo 500Hz frequency
Should you place traces at right angles through a via?
Electrophoretic Displays
How to compute input impedance?
What does "run a panel" mean in the context of PCB/PCBA fabrication?
Serial Camera recommendations?
Ultrasonic Cleaning Solution
Electric circuit AC plug to DC Design Help
Random time timer
VHDL programming issues...newbie
What are some cheap 8-10 inch displays?
STM32 dev kit: Which power pin, APP or EMU?
How does this circuit attenuate high frequencies?
Why do smaller loads require larger inductors in buck regulators?
What are the important considerations when choosing a pass transistor and bias resistor for a buck regulator?
3-phase explanation
Verilog - syntax doubt
Resistor before voltmeter
Arduino-controlled slot cars - alternative to MOSFETs for speed control?
Is feedback transfer function the same as the transfer function for the whole circuit?
Ultra high bandwidth serial data stream
Can someone please help with Electronics transient/capacitor question?
How can I do a frequency sweep when the frequency modulation index is dependent on the amplitude?
Does RFID interfere with NFC
Understanding basic computer hardware diagram of address decoding circuit
bjt transistor circuit - finding the resistances
Value of blown resistor in this simple lead acid charger, Please help if you can
Measuring the rotation of a bicycle steering wheel
Maximum Power Transfer in an AC Circuit
FPGA project sanity check, PCIE and video processeing
Transfer function for inverting amplifier
Op-Amp Input Resistor?
I2C: Is DMA required?
Sources about the working of Intel's new 3D transistors
Real current output limit of linear regulators vs. heat dissipation
Clickable potentiometer?
What are the properties of an N-bit microcontroller?
Analog Inputs on Arduino
Losses in NE555 oscillator and Sallen-Key filter
Vias not visible after Eagle Cam Processor
Best way to poll for Modbus RTU slaves through a Modbus TCP gateway
Synchronise crystal oscillator with external short burst
Documentation on `avr-as`
At what cable lengths are termination resistors required for RS-485 networks?
How do we test reliability and quality so as to minimize the risk of board failure in the field?
Is it ok to use both rising and falling egde in this VHDL design?
Do I need to add a current limiter to this battery pack I'm making?
What is a fan-in of a flip flop?
Should a fuse blow if both neutral/live pin in a three-point socket test live in a continuity tester?
Can the characteristic impedance Z0 of a conductor be measured?
Two's complement of hexadecimal
Can I create a backside "copper polygon" of the switch node in an SMPS?
Running MMU less Linux on Cortex-R4
How does DC transmission require several times less wire than AC?
Connect SMA to a regular pin/wire
How do I build a laser/IR target?
Freezing DRAM for forensics (coldboot)
Bluetooth module EGBT-046S vs EGBT-045MS
how to implement a low pin count stereo display (FPGA)
Why is a load in a digital circuit capacitive?
Why is SPI Flash memory so limited in max size, and cost way more (per MB) than SD flash memory?
Anyone know of a 2-1 mux chip?
Reliability and failure mode of MLCC (chip capacitors)
PIC12F617 Device ID read when debugging but not when programming
When would you need a low bandwidth opamp?
Circuit for switching higher load using transitor with signal being 300 Hz PWM
AVR in system programming (ISP)
Fixing a transformer inside a metal case
Gumstix with USB hub TUSB2036
What's a current feedback amplifier?
Driving a proportional solenoid from PWM via NPN/MOSFET
Diode Selection for 12v motorcycle lighting application
MCP73834 disintegrates after a couple of hours
Is MCP2551 a UART-to-CAN converter?
Confused on MOSFET terms (velocity limited, mobility limited, constant mobility)
Noise and what does V/√Hz actually mean?
Verilog: Pass a vector as a port to a module
VHDL debouncer circuit
Easiest / cheapest way to build a dc power supply in the 0 - 50V DC range?
Painting Rainbows
what is the magnitude of total voltage in the below circuit?
Data output issue on PIC18F4520
How to build a telephone answering machine with caller id
Binary number 11 represents?
ADC Stimulus file with MPLAB SIM (Simulation with MPLAB SIM)
MOSFET Rds(on) question
Are there problems accessing a microSD card via SPI when there are other slave SPI devices?
Array manipulation in MCC18
Detecting object placement on a grid
Need help with a DC-DC converter using a MC34063
recharging zinc-carbon batteries? (if an "AA R6P" is a zinc-carbon anyway)
220VDC motor slow and jerking
What exactly are harmonics and how do they "appear"?
FEM: How to calculate impedance in stator circuit for loaded generator
RS485: What is the difference between RO and D_OUT?
How can I measure voltage in range -15 V to 50 V with an ADC in a microcontroller in a single circuit arrangement for scaling?
LiPoly Battery - When to stop draining?
Stymied in search for an electronic lock
Cheapest way to dissipate energy (discharge battery)
Defined LM339 behavior when the (+) input is floating
Op-amp gain too big, can't figure out why
Series vs Parallel termination load for transmission lines
BeeStack and the Freescale MC13224
Voltage Fluctuations in Arduino-opamp-thermistor circuit
Turning an old digital point and shoot camera into a webcam
What does this VHDL code do?
Difference between NE555P and 555CN?
shielding noise cancelling headphones from mobile phone signal
vhdl code: one hot encoding of state
What is the advantage of using many low-farad capacitors instead of a few high-farad capacitors, when trying to maximize current?
Using a motor to open doors
Designing a cable tester
Solar Panel as power supply for multiple borehole pumps
What is the behavior of an unprogrammed MicroController?
ATX power supply specification question
Can anyone identify this 433Mhz OOK protocol?
Free multiplatform oscilloscope with custom oscilloscope support
Realization of divide by 78 counter
How is the state of a bit position on a hard drive measured?
I/Q (quadrature) carrier recovery
Drift and "flipping" in Instrumentation Amplifier reading thermistor
Is using a shorter timer period less accurate than using a longer one?
Why battery chargers take a pair of batteries and not one?
BPSK bandwidth for symbols not integer wavelengths
Digital Switching for Audio
Implications of using a 145 ohm cable for RS-485
Is there much fuzz hooking BlueSMiRF Silver to Netduino?
open a vertical door with an arduino
Detecting glitches in a sync signal
Power LED light from battery when mains fails
Stress testing an FPGA's power supply
Instantiate n times a given module
LDR circuit does not change sound frequency
How do I pick a part that goes into a breadboard when I order it?
Atmel chip come with bootloader?
Can a device be damaged by water even if there is no power supplied?
High resolution timer on the BeagleBone?
Sensing DC motor current
Probing a waveform with features that have orders of magnitude difference in times
Intel Microcontroller
Software alert when doorbell rings. Doable?
How do I get proportional 240V AC output from an Arduino-based PID controller to "dim" a rice cooker for a Sous-Vide project?
why 220v power supply may damage a system working on 110 V?
Why so many pins for the MOSFET's drain?
compressed sensing on a non-sparse signal and Nyquist-Shannon sampling
Detecting whether the card is present or not in a smart card reader
EAGLE PCB How to set drill clearance?
Why do we call it a "board spin"?
Circuit Options and Parts for low-cost price display
Putting linear feedback shift registers on FPGA's
Arduino Mega and sending data via serial3.print()
Where are the depletion PMOS transistors?
Do capacitors automatically release their energy over time?
What is the simplest way to generate PWM without a Microcontroller?
Scaling an input in VHDL
pspice olb files
MOSFET topology to switch between voltage and ground?
Why do PTC fuses have different voltage ratings depending on package size / hold current?
Using a 12V lighted toggle switch with an Arduino
Verilog assigment question
When was the 74HC595 designed?
Switching/multiplexing RS232 signal lines
Package on package and Flip chip what is the difference?
What is the terminology for polarity?
Can stepper motors work underwater?
How can I use audio signal to actuate relay (or close dry contact)?
How does this reverse polarity circuit work?
IR to audio converter (frequency and level)?
Which one is better to say? Volt or Volts?
Slowing Down a 12 volt pump with a potentiometer?
Playing sound with a picaxe
How can I control braking system electronically?
What are some methods to achieve constant LED brightness over large temperature ranges?
How to choose a low power Microcontroller?
Problems in 8W Audio Amplifier using TDA2002
Mixing NMOS and CMOS
For the Arduino Uno, should I use a 3.3V or 5V serial LCD?
Basic audio amplifer circuit with transistors
Why isn't this Elenco circuit working in Falstad's simulator?
Why do 7 segment LED displays break apart when I brush my teeth?
Voltage source for single transistor audio amplifier
MOSFET sub-threshold operation
What's the difference between mismatch and return loss when talking about filters?
Amplifier theoretical analysis problem
Camera circuit with different voltage requirements on arduino
Can you split power between two voltage regulators?
Calculating the power of a simple amplifier
Harmonic and Fourier transform
A signal that can be transformed by Fourier transform and its frequency
Arduino controlling separate traffic light
How does a large electric switch different from small?
Nyquist-Shannon sampling theorem and highest frequency
DC level in Fourier series
Sending and getting commands through the Internet
Improve RF range with a boost converter?
what is the simplest set up for detecting ions?
Can 5okW be transferred using resonant wireless power transfer?
Can a dynamic circuit extract all energy from an ultra capacitor?
Estimate Current Requirements Of A Circuit
Cheap/old consumer devices to recover FPGA boards from
How to build an 8 output demultiplexer, using only the two output demultiplexers?
How do Tx / Rx cable pairs work in an Ethernet cable?
How to find out the voltage on Arduino ADC input?
TMP36 x Voltage input in arduino
PICAXE very short interval timer (for playing sound)
How to determine if an RFID system supports reading multiple tags at once?
C18 Timer0 timing calculation using MCC18
Advanced DC fan controller
Solar Powered Trash Compactor (Chicago Big Belly)
Common Emitter Audio Amplifier
What kind of cable does a function generator use?
Clock switching using clock gates
Reducing absolute value of signed number in VHDL
Power filter design
What's the damage incurred by the chip on this photo?
Can silicone sealant be used to insulate and waterproof electronic components?
How to start embedded Programming?
How to get a 1.6 times higher supply voltage
Power Calculation of an Amplifier
Temperature sensors for an Arduino sous-vide project
Why isn't there an electrical potential?
Why does GSM cause speakers to buzz?
Suggest a timer chip
Can I supply a 12V buzzer with 18V?
Common gate amplifier with load connected to negative DC bias
What's the transconductance of a PMOS?
How do I treat a PMOS compared to an NMOS in small-signal analysis?
Do comercial spectrum analyzers show a single-sided spectrum?
Store frequency value
Turning ON a Thyristor
Command line simulation using pspice
Supply power to USB with external power supply
Sharing antenna between receiver and transmitter
Fourier transform of a sum of signals
Will 16-20 1.5 volt serially connected led lights tolerate 12volt energizer battery source?
Plugging a 65W computer power plug into a 45W step down transformer
Anyone know of a good/cheep usb dongle to pick up ULF (.3 - 3kHz) radio?
resistors power
Which low power microcontroller for short active periods at long intervals?
How can I effectively drive multiple LEDs with multiplexing?
DIY usb power booster
Using multiple 4 input multiplexers to get an equivalent 16 input multiplexer
How big a magnet do I need to wipe my portable HDD?
Bi-directional TVS diode - how to know which diode is failed
Welding Cable for Power Bus
Small, low power buzzer
TO-3 Transistor replacement needed that does not protrude through the chassis
precision of components
Inductor for guitar strings
Digital or analog transmission for transmitting data off-board?
How fast should I clock my CPLD as compared to my SPI bus' speed?
How do I copy a hierarchical module in KiCAD?
Electric Power Systems for a qudrocoper base on 30amp Speed Controller and NX-4008-620 - NX-4008-620kv Brushless motor
Choosing a multi-channel A/D converter
Starting in circuity, Should I use Arduino?
Understanding electric power
Crosstalk from RX to TX line on the RS-232 side of MAX3232C
Changed fuses on ATtiny85, now Invalid Device Signature
Questions About Inductors
Add on/off indicator LED to circuit
How to hook up an FPGA to a component that has a different power supply?
Hooking up LEDs to a drum set - Fire Hazard to plug into a wall?
Designing a water boiler?
Using Ethernet wires for DIO
LED size nomenclature
Stabilizing opamps - am I doing it right?
Do I really need resistors when controlling LEDs with Arduino?
How do I develop for STM32 discovery on Linux?
Multiplexing 12 sensors to be read with 6 ADC channels
Calculating the DC voltage and current needed to obtain certain heat with a resistor
Frequency to voltage converters
Voltage requirements for charging Nokia phone
Is there any sense in this technique for charging Li-Ion batteries?
What is the point of Buffers like this in Programmers?
How to prevent crosstalk between a twisted pair in a SCSI cable?
Does reactive power cause extra fuel use in a Diesel UPS?
How efficient are micro turbines in generating efficent energy?
What would the units of thermal noise be?
Connection to a USB to TTL dongle
In terms of protection, how does this automotive power supply circuit look?
Least expensive way to plug in a microcontroller into 120V (without wall wart or batteries)
How to determine whether electrial appliance is On or Off using ADC or Optocoupler
How do I select the accompanying components for an optocoupler?
Unused twisted pair termination with RS-485 on 8P8C
Can I detect zero crossing on the transformer's secondary?
Large array in C18 causes device reset
Analog to Digital Converter and Negative Voltages
Broken 32kHz Oscillator
Use household 12 V DC adapter with RFID transponder?
Driving a common cathode 8x8 RGB LED Matrix with PWM
What is a Constant Power Circuit?
what is the function of a transistor in a microprocessor?
How to Efficiently Decode Non-Standard Serial Signal
Power Kinect from laptop (or another mobile power source)
Memory (RAM) of computers after shut down
Convert DS18B20 temperature to string
Predicting thermal equilibrium: what's wrong with my time constant?
Options for short range distance determination between two objects
How do electronic shooting range targets work?
Ground induced noise between two connected boards
How to Implement an Analog Ground Plane
Composite video and DAC pin protection
Photoetching: Developed photoresist coating sticks to the PCB
Short Distance Board to Board Communication
Questions About PCBs
High accuracy (0.1°C) digital temperature sensor
Microcontroller + DC motors oscillation problem
Birectional I/O pin in verilog
Op amp analysis: when are the "negative feedback rules" applicable?
Which chip in this image is the main CPU for the Samsung Galaxy 3
What action is responsible for speed changes in a brushless DC motor?
Why isn't it dangerous to put finger in light socket?
battery management IC - duracell alkaline
Microprocessor schematic symbol
Why do Arduinos ship w/ 16MHz crystal instead of 20MHz?
remake PCB hole
Options for object tracking
What type of  LED lights are needed for detecting retro-reflective markers for motion capture project?
What is the typical range of a nRF24L01+ module with PCB antenna?
Crosstalk on PCB
How can I power my 6-pin PCI Express card without using an ATX power supply?
Total resistance of circuit
Roomba - IR LEDs
Current regulation - oscillation problems
AC control coil relay
How to add a jumper in Orcad Capture?
Tracking Sun with Solar Panel - Need Photosensor
With shielded twisted pair cable, do you ground one end, both ends, or neither ends of the shield
Simple pn junction / diode question
How can I determine the peak power consumption of my office
Soldering a wire to a small MOSFET pin
How to compare mAh and Wh
How to rebuild Ni-Cad battery pack for power tools
Cell Phone as Microcontroller
Oscilloscope time base
Converting a battery powered pocket heater into a portable 5V power source
Power supply with opamp and BJT transistor
Explain the HIP 4082 pwm input from the datasheet
Could a bad hdmi cable be the cause of 60hz speaker hum?
How to connect MP3 player to TV using RCA?
Choosing a relay to control outlets from Arduino
Is there any wire with many small wires which i can use for multiple video signal
Will the constant voltage appear across the capacitor?
What does it mean to "assert a pin"?
What is the difference between emitter and collector for BJTs?
USB port and bench power supply ground difference
how can I read the serial port from arduino when I enter the chars and 'enter' in the keyboard
Simple and safe solution to control a power plug with Arduino or PC
Using Mic from 10 feet away for voice recognition
Understanding motor constants Kt and Kemf for comparing brushless DC motors
Can I transfer data wirelessly to the inside of an aluminium can?
Power consumed by a CPU
Does solder being or not being uniformly thin and shiny really indicate reliability of the circuit?
Wireless Sensor to Internet
How to Increase RF Amplifier Efficiency?
Arduino backup power supply
Which is the best, clean way to join wire together
What is the difference between a PT3 and a PT4 power lead?
How can I reprogram a Megawin MPC89E52A?
How to have an Arduino wait until it receives data over serial?
What's the purpose of such weird wiring inside this smart card?
SPI Bus Termination Considerations
Choosing an accelerometer
Safe to add a switch into power cord?
How set the baud rate for serial communication in ATmega32u4
How to make XBee sleep?
My MOSFET operated solenoid circuit destroys my Arduino inputs
What does "case" mean exactly for this three-prong photodiode?
SMPS unit working
What potentiometer should I use for this phono pre-amp?
How to call AT command on XBee from Arduino
XBee needs reset for every action I do in X-CTU
A Strange Computer : Cache based computer
CANopen Protocols
W65C02 QFP Package Information
How to read the current program from an Arduino?
Testing an FTDI chip
How do I calculate the frequency of an FM transmitter circuit?
Clarification on what the max freq of PIC24FJ64 is?
LMB204BDC with CCS Flex 4x20 driver not displaying text
what is the value of these capacitors?
Is CAT5 cable good enough for RS-485 vs "true" RS-485 cable
Comparator with hysteresis equations
Improving brightness of multiplexed 7-segment led display
Bridge Rectifier Average Value Modeling
Cheapest solution to get data from a temperature sensor (thermistor for example) to the Internet
Using Multiple Power Supplies with RGB Leds and Arduino
Wiring proximity sensors to parallel port inputs
How much current does a microSD card use?
What is the SoC on the ARM9 board TS-7800?
Arduino in car: capacitor for extra 3 sec of power
Low power design - switch out voltage divider using transistor?
Power supply requirements for TM355
Surface Speaker
How can I turn on and off a switch every 20 minutes?
Looking for a mechanism similiar to a watch's stem in rotary encoder type form
How to implement simple stack switching in PIC12/16 cores?
How to clean up high audio noise amplified through a 2x2 electronic switch?
How to actuate a solenoid for maximum power without damaging it?
Current carrying capacity of 28 AWG wire?
How large would be the transformer for converting a lightning into useful electricity?
Decrease Impedance at Higher Frequencies
8 layer PCB with Gold plating for each inner layer and immersion gold for all out layers?
Interfacing static ram to fpga
Why do higher frequency waves have better penetration?
What is best options for simple but very low latency calculations?
Sample application for generating energy from Piezeo Electric Crystal.?
Building a telephone spy
Help with a simple comparator circuit
HD44780 based LCD display shows half-black, half-blank
ARM Cortex (M3-M4): manufacturer and development IDE
Safety Equipment and Precautions for DC Circuit Experimentation and Development
Thoughts on Kickstarter project, USB Based Variable Power Supply For Small Projects
usb device powered direct by AC
How to reverse the effect of an alarm?
What's a good sensor for measuring high voltages
Controlling a current with another - home-made alternatives to the transistor?
How can I build a FBus to USB cable?
navigating every spot of a room
Computer to Electronics controller with programming API
Cheap PIC programmer, must be Linux compatible
How much heat do power LEDs dissipate?
fundamental difference between a metal and a semiconductor?
Transformless power supply without ground
USB Hub project
What does "correlation" mean in signal processing?
identifying transistor(?) : C945 P73C
Grounded Oscilloscope and Power Supply - Should probe's ground ever be used?
NPN transistor: collector branch question
How are high-speed serial signals processed?
Will this circuit work containing 2 transistors?
How does Magic Sky Control work in the new mercedes-benz?
PIC16F877a input always true
Solving capacitor voltage "drops"?
What would be the easiest method of removing FR-4 from a FCBGA chip
How to Cascade 4017 Decade Counters?
Maximum delay generation in STM32F207
What is the reason my PIC16 multitasking RTOS kernel doesn't work?
What's all this Voltage Coefficient stuff, Anyhow? (*)
How do I connect a photodiode?
I2C extender or repeater?
how to generate an analog output from a in-built pwm of Atmega 32AVR microcontrloller?
How can I get 3.7V 100mA from the 220V phase line?
How can I charge my beard trimmer's Li Ion battery from USB?
LED light becomes extremely hot
Intuitive explanation for filters
What happens if usage current exceeds DC adapter current rating?
'feedback' function in MATLAB
Good IR LED for tracking with webcam at high speed from up to 50 feet
How to connect this to a breadboard?
How to make on/off switch for popcorn maker?
How to connect RN-131 (wifi module) to RN-SRL-PRO3V-DGL (USB-to-TTLdongle)
How to choose an Electronic Speed controller?
Strange data from arduino LDR sensor
How to prototype?
Arduino vs PIC nop. Is this the same thing?
Why are the high voltage overhead power lines with the same potential being isolated?
Simulation problem in pSpice 9.10
Easiest way to get rid of __clz_tab in winavr compiled code?
Cabling ideas for a moving sensor
Ideas for tracking individuals in a building
MOSFET voltage controlled delay
Small, High dB Sound
High-speed wireless digital design
Can't write to GSM module through Serial connection from ARM board
How are RF signals amplified?
Capacitor and ferrite beads when to use which?
Can anyone identify this Knowles Donau microspeaker connector?
How can I interface with these 24 V signals?
Alternatives to transistors
12V voltage regulator with the least drop out voltage
Where do I find a cheap developement board?
rs232 signal on the scope doesn't add up
Worldwide usage of 902-928 MHz band
How to control and power 25 x 25 nichrome wire matrix
PIC 16F1503 - change the frequency of internal oscillator
Only beta simulator and beta MPASM assembler for 16F1503
Is it possible to add several plots to the same PSpice simulation?
Converting Headphone-Out to Mic-In Using a Potential Divider
What makes a mic preamp good or bad?
Voltage on opamp input is not right - how come?
The manufacturing and grading of families of microprocessors
Calculating a simple CRC
Transistors failed to stop current
Time-limited signal Fourier transform
Using car charger for small sealed-type lead-acid batteries
Flash memory slower than magnetic disk
Difference between Switch-Disconnector and Disconnecting Switch?
Understanding of Relays and associated circuitry
PIC16F1503 CLKOUT doesn't work
Can I use my Android tablet charger for the PlayBook?
What must be the minimum input voltage of a series regulator?
Transfering Circuit from Veroboard to Breadboard
Switching regulator to power motor
How do I use a transformer as an inductor?
Cheapest way to synchronise date and time for standalone system?
Very low frequency instrumentation amplifier
Low battery detection circuit that can tell if temporary voltage dip or actual low battery
UART & USART - What's the difference
How do I implement "in" and "out" connections of this circuit on a breadboard?
Can a capacitor be used for overvoltage protection?
Drive 230Vac load (bulb,fan etc) using microcontroller (3.3V or 5V)
Why is my transistor accepting power from a base?
How can I calculate the maximum output power?
12 VDC Power to Illuminated Button
Detect damaged SMD capacitors
Programming Xilinx XC9572
Simple Voltage Calculation
How do I identify which point is Live and which point is Neutral of a 2-pin plug?
Why do the TO-220 79xx series voltage regulators conduct the input voltage to their heat sink?
How do I run MacSpice on the Terminal?
Smallest water detector / switch
What does the M/M in RJ45M/M mean?
What is the most power-efficient way to generate vibration in a small area?
Error when simulating spice model in OrCAD PSpice
clock signals in computers and machines
Sensor/transducer for low pressure gas measurement?
How do I debug a Arduino Uno with gdb on a Linux pc?
Soldering Lines VS Using Wire to join two points on veroboard
Electronically switched decade resistance box design
Good digital multimeter
What is the difference between a general comparator and a differential comparator?
How to tell polarity expected of a DC barrel jack?
How to create a serial key (Registration key)
RS232 output always follow with an extra 0x0b
LM358 (Op-Amp) For a Light Sensor?
How to solve the transfer function for this OP-AMP circuit?
how to print pcb using uv exposure
Can't figure out this seven segment display
Testing an old Geiger tube?
Communications issues between Ardupilot and Computer
Power Grid in depth explanation
Programming Multiple ICs using single USBasp/SPI Bus and Arduino IDE
Can I use a single crystal oscillator for multiple ICs?
Rated frequencies and power requirements
How do I manipulate a potentiometer over a wireless connection?
How do I make a transistor turn on at a certain voltage?
GPIO Expander with isolation
Continuously Measure 3-Phase Motor Current
Using a breadboard power supply along with USB to Serial chip
Is connecting a 2 A adapter to a 1.3 A electrical device safe?
What condition may cause the plug or the power adapter to become very warm or hot?
Does using a electrical device that is connecting to a series of power extension safe?
Why aren't solenoid/electromagnet windings insulated?
Using an Arduino (Mega ADK), how do I blink an LED on a separate IC (ATMega328) using SPI?
How to properly read values from analog sensors trough multiplexer?
Why daisy chaining surge protectors not recommended
Op-Amp based schmitt trigger working in simulation but not in reality
Connecting AND Gate Chip to an Integrated Circuit
Charging two lead-acid batteries connected in series, separately (with two solar panels)
Why are battery-powered appliances and tools specified in volts?
blend or flex sensors
How does an oscilloscope buffer work?
How do I correct the offset voltage of op-amps which have no explicit offset-null pins?
What's the need for conductive bridges between the regions of a smart card contact pad?
Why do temperature-voltage curves of all thermocouple types pass through the origin?
How to interface a pH probe?
How to setup defines in AVR Studio 6.0
Is ARM a microprocessor or microcontroller?
What could be causing this sine on 7810 output when powering BLDC fan?
Where are static variables stored?
Is it technically possible to divert a lightning into a moving vehicle as in "Back to the Future" movie?
UPS connected back to back
why did my pcb not expose properly
Will this power supply fit my LiPO charger?
SMD ceramic capacitors producing ticking sound?
Low power way to make a sound
How to Shift Carrier Frequency in QAM Signal?
Is this normal Buck Regulator behaviour?
FM bug Circuit Issue
What kind of building blocks are most transistors in current generation CPU's dedicated to?
RC PWM video switch
How do I connect an Arduino to a landline?
How do I keep my inventory items well-organized and tidy?
DIY linear servo mechanism?
Switching a Large Current with a Tiny Switch
Why does 555 timer output change based on load?
How do I select long-lived microcontrollers for designs so we do not have to revamp our product if they stop making the chip?
how to convert bytes into ASCII in C language
Piezoelectric transducer drive circuit
Isolation transformer to reduce speaker pop
How do different kinds of motors behave electrically under operation?
How to connect an Arduino UNO to an LCD 1602
Linux/open-source program to open (OrCAD) schematics for BeagleBone?
Debugging a 16x2 LCD Display on an Arduino
How to calculate the power requirements of a fan motor?
Switching regulator output is unstable
How do I cater for high instantaneous current in a power supply?
Why does a transformer for halogen bulbs burn when bulbs are too strong?
Thermal management of MOSFETS in TO-263 package
Pinmode register in lpc2468
Design a simple circuit to generate variable +5V to -5V signals
How do I make an opamp comparator work in schmitt-trigger mode?
Will ADC readings disrupt my analog control loops?
Voltage Limit of CAT 5 DSL wire
Can I control voltage of USB data pins?
Finding a sensor for vibration of impact event, preferably for interface with arduino
Will a car battery break small electronic equipment?
Calculating Rout of a bjt while using correct RL
What not to do with a Multimeter
CAN Baud rate configuration - STM32F207
How to use PNP transistor as a switch for serial communication
Thermal time constant, thermal resistance, thermal capacitance
EEPROM page size
Isolation of watch crystal from ICSP
GPS: 12 satellites in view but no fix
Simple networking question
Does the TI CC2540 support Bluetooth High Speed protocol?
Should I shield digital sensors in close proximity to one another? If so, how?
How do I step down voltage and current in a DC application?
Tablet orientation
EEPROM: Same driver for similar chips, different behaviours
How often should I have to set oscilloscope probe's capacitance?
Circuit for opening/closing sprinkler valve solenoid?
How can I easily connect to my breadboard circuit using USB?
Eagle is refusing to tie ground pads of SMD components to the ground plane
Do PNP transistors have low noise?
Flip-flop vs combinatorial description - what exactly is the difference?
Digital IQ Modulation
ARMCC dependency on ARM processor on the board
Image rejection
What frequency/band lends itself to interstellar communication?
Very basic circuit diagram question
12V DC to 5V DC converter
What transistor should I use to power a motor from an xbee
Light sensor using Photo Transistor
Arduino loses usb connection
RGB LED lighting controller
constraint error and illegal load problem in Virtex-2
Microcontroller's JTAG interface and PCB
Use UART Tx as digital output?
When should one implement cold-junction compensation in thermocouple applications?
op-amp circuit to transform input signal
How to drive the output pin on FPGA with small delay?
Control speed of Nidec fan?
Flexible-PCBs: what data is needed for manufacturers?
How to find Emitter and Collector of an LDR
Need a cheap embedded linux board that has WiFi access point and USB2.0
Connecting multiple cameras to a single CAMIF (Camera Interface)
Light sensor switch using LDR
Which pair of an Ethernet cable does a router transmit on?
Where is the software / hardware boundary in modern computer systems?
Repairing a digital multimeter?
How can I measure the charge of a rechargeable cell?
MCU Frequency - Detail Explanation
What happens when an FPGA is powered on and left unconfigured?
USB connection dropped and "on" LED dims using Arduino + H-Bridge 
How can a shield winding in the transformer be helpful without fully covering the core?
DAC not working
Resistor overheating
Lead Acid Battery Charger Design Factors
XBee and PIR sensor
How do I open a rectangular hole on a metal case?
Over-volting an hard disk voice coil actuator
How to build a precise voltage controlled resistive heater?
Dead or alive: Operational transconductance amplifier
How do I switch small AC signal on/off electrically?
GUI library for HMI Cortex M
Measuring capacitance by using two thresholds
Why are sum-of-products implementations more popular than product-of-sums implementations?
Low power sensor module
How to generate a pwm signal that varies atleast 20times between 0-5V range using Atmeaga32 avr mcu?
Can anyone identify the microcontroller on an HC-SR04
Not sure how to replace a blown fuse in a building's fuse box
Using an iPhone as a cassette recorder for 80's home computer
Multiple if statements in process in vhdl
Ripple factor detection and measurement
Voltage Regulators in Computer Power Supply?
Tools for analog signal design/modeling
Excited diode allow flow opposite direction, possible?
How JTAG affects system load?
Get number of set bits in digital logic
Confused about transistor operation
Unsigned addition overflow and synthesis
Chip/board to drive low latency audio sample playback and mixing?
Optocoupler/relay type for isolating two DC circuits
How to design for a component that says "Electrical Design: DC PNP" in the datasheet?
Do 3G and phone calls(gsm) use the same antenna in a mobile phone?
How can I find a specific frequency after doing FFT?
Recovering data from a saturated accelerometer
how to interface HCPL-3700 optocoupler to an input pin of ATmega16L
How much lithium in lithium polymer batteries?
ASIC Verfication Do I need to verify all possible combinations?
Long range RFID detection
Clock problem with Spartan 6
What is the practical difference between using an FTDI breakout board and an FTDI cable?
Attaching a Type K thermocouple to a breadboard / prototype board
How to diagnose crosstalk
Loading an FPGA image with SelectMap
Why do thunderstorms knock out power?
What transistor if they are needed do I need to drive 5 blue LEDs on a lm3915 and how should I hook it up?
What are the differences between USB and RS232?
Need details on 35-year old Unisonic VFD (from a calculator)
Getting rid of AC/DC adapters
Where can I start to program a S5PV210?
What are some ways to use relays more efficiently?
Charging a 12.6V 3SLiPo from 5V USB (Or similar) voltage?
How to figure out ratings of DC supply needed to run an old elleptical trainer / cross-trainer. Currently it uses batteries
Variable PWM for a PIC18F4550?
Oscilloscope acquisition frequency
can verilog do `if defined(SOMETHING) ... `elsif defined(SOMETHING_ELSE) ... `endif?
What is an efficient way to divide clock by 1000 or more?
BMA180 accelerometer. How does it manage to share pins between I2C and SPI?
PLL - why compare phases not frequencies
Controlling a Motor for test bench
Driving a 12V door strike from 3V3 BeagleBone?
Design Tips on making a battery powered inverter with 5A output
Motor Protection
Requirement to display 3 mm LED by 220 V AC supply
Why does an antenna trace have this shape?
Erasing EPROMs with sunlight
controlling motor with PWM
Programming multiple FPGAs using JTAG
Porting an STM32 PSRAM driver
Measuring input current of opamp
Multiplying the deviation from mean of two time varying voltages
MSP430 - ADC data to SD card
Buck Regulator Output is too Small
Preventing Verilog module from being optimised away
"31WOC" on a boost converter, but what datasheet goes with it?
digital PID controller implementation
How to drive a transistor with an active low output from a switch?
Why are 5 mm LEDs always rated at 20mA?
How does ESR affect cutoff frequency calculations for capacitors?
Using FFT for spectral analysis: How to convert from power to dBm?
Draw Bode-Plot of a transfer function
Bluetooth simple oscilloscope
Feeding 2*5V to a 12V fan?
Setting LMC6001 offset voltage
STM32 SysTick timer - Doesn't run the alarm event
Boundary scan functionality of JTAG for onboard Flash programming
Low Cost FPGA for 500MHz FIR Filter
Testing Oscillator Over Temperature
Recursion versus Tail Recursion on an Arduino
Problem Using An 9 degree of freedom IMU with Ubuntu terminal?
L200C voltage regulation
Rewiring KVM Buttons
Why does Synplify error out whereas Xilinx XST passes without problems?
acceptable bounds for replacement DC adapter
Can an Android tablet serve as USB Host and be charged simultaneously through a single port?
Coils! Does the material used matter?
Choosing power supply, how to get the voltage and current ratings?
How to drive high powered LEDs as efficiently as possible
How to make a balanced battery pack?
Transformer labeled 120v-60hz-35va-12v - What exactly does it do?
CAN module in STM32F207 - continuously transmitting the same message
How do I get started with uCLinux?
SelectMap: Who drives the pins: FPGA or Microprocessor
What sensor to choose to track human presence indoors?
How to make 95%+ efficiency voltage regulator?
How it will work if i solder thin wire with thick wire
PWM speed controller with rectifier as voltage regulator?
TRIAC Dimming for LED Buck controller circuits
Change capacitance or resistance in RC circuit
What does linux need to be on a microcontroller?
Very small scale electronic goods manufacturing regulations
Electrical element instead of diode?
What might be the cause of high pitch sound coming from a switching regulator circuit
Accesing the PCM Flash Memory on a Nexys 3 Board
Constant current "driver"
Using 4 digit 7 segment LED
Touchscreen : how to choose?
Controlling small brushless dc motors?
What is the size of a normal potentiometer screw hole?
Smart charging circuit for NiMH battery pack
How do the different kind of lamp dimmers work
LM3876 Heatsink
Bluetooth pushbutton PCB or device?
Tiny ARM Development Board?
electronic freelancing website
how determine the RC time constant in PWM digital to analog low-pass filter?
Thicker solder harder to melt?
Audio amplifier kills FM radios signal
Q factor for an LRC series circuit
Buying a tesla coil?
How do I read from PIC18F4680 port D?
How to switch power of microcontroller by button?
Wire gauge of 40 pin IDE cable
arduino and seven segment with two digit
Flip flop/latch with isolated differential input and differential output
Integrating another binary
How long will it take to completely run out of power for two A23 batties(12volt each) on a serial circuit with 6 leds?
about power supply on what length of copper wire we should use
SelectMap: Should HSWAPEN be high?
SelectMap accepts FPGA image but does not enter the startup sequence
ARM or AVR for car system
avr adc differential mode frequencies
What kind of SIM are these?
Logic Conversion 3.3V to 5V (Current Related) 74HC 74HCT
Repair a ripped touchscreen cable
SMPS output is 11.3v, Whether required 12v
How do they calculate the output power?
NMOS FET selection for reverse polarity protection
PNP transistor switching time - puzzler
Finding air wires in Eagle
Making an arduino
Thevenin equivalent circuit with current and voltage source
Inexpensive Frequency Counter and Display for clock generator
HDMI Mixer/Blender/Superimposer-Chip (2 to 1) wanted
Extraneous loop produced by PIC compiler from MicroChip
What would cause a watch battery to leak?
spotify controlled by arduino
How do I connect multiple shields to my arduino and have them all function?
Safety precautions working with high voltages (Nixie Clock)
What is a multiplexed network?
Using a Shunt Resistor to measure current
Countdown to specific date and time (6 months away) and then count up
What is the Rout of ATmega64
Trying to get that tube sound from a gainclone amp
Digital oscilloscope minimal sample rate to capture SPI data going at 500 kHz
Electrons Flow in cables
Why wiggle nearby tracks on a PCB?
How to convert AV to HDMI?
Explaining a car voltage regulator circuit
Kirchoff law in AC circuit
Design for an analogue oscillator that doesn't drift in frequency?
Switching a 3 phase pump using a solid state relay
How do you choose an inductor for connecting separate ground planes?
purpose of diode in this 555 timer application
On the use of "BLOCK INTERCLOCKDOMAIN PATHS"
continuously variable frequency doubler
Atmega 328 uart program: compiler error on undeclared variable on register name ending with "n"
sending signal to open car with microcontroller
Differential Input to ADC circuit
Where does the Maximum Emitter-Base Voltage come from?
Why do ICs often have multiples of the same configuration, with different part numbers?
Can I rebuild a cordless drill batt-pack with regular AA Ni-mh batteries?
wireless door opening detection
Increasing the output current of LM7805
Uses for a Double Diode?
How to measure battery voltage from a microcontroller
Can I read smartphone batteries gas gauge info with a PIC?
I2C: 3.3V and 5V devices without level-shifting on 3.3V-bus?
Bit overrun and framing errors when receiving from PIC18F4680 EUSART
Why does my ATtiny13 report wrong device ID?
Can I safely use a HDD in a car?
What is the DONE_cycle startup option?
How to measure pulse width of an IR signal using an 8-bit PIC?
Why is Embedded Strictly C/C++
Create circuit from current–voltage characteristic
Excessive latency in inter-FPGA communication
Simple analogue=>pwm circuit with inverting and noninverting outputs
What capacitance should be added over the inputs and outputs of a voltage regulator?
A CNC machine for PCB manufacturing
3rd lumped circuit abstraction postulate
Use a power supply as a switch
How to mesure distance between two objects?
Alternatives to SPI because of EMI
What are common control strategies for dosing pumps?
Verilog: XOR all signals of vector together
ISE: Force the compiler to accept long loops
Capacitor in series and parallel to diagnose APC Smart UPS 1000VA
Does FLEX10k support SignalTap?
Classification of VDD and VSS pins
What does NOM stand for in a datasheet and what does it mean?
How to add temperature control to a soldering iron
DAC: What waveform should I expect when ramping up?
What analogue input voltages does this ADC understand?
How can I record a pressure map?
Can we use our sewing machine in Europe
Hum on car stereo when source powered by inverter
Designing my own Bus
How to analyze a display?
Low Pass Filter Design
connecting devices with two different power supplies
Is this ADC circuit safe for when my Pro Micro is off?
Muscle wire considerations
dying battery, increasing resistance
What is the difference between these resistors?
How to connect 8 Channel 5V Solid State Relay Module Board and OMRON SSR 4 PIC ARM AVR DSP Arduino
Measure power supply ripple with Rigol DS1052E
Best way to connect a RS-485 device
GSM sim card extension cable
What is the function of these resistors in the power supply circuit
Sixteen 100v isolated power supplies
How does the QTR-8RC capacitor charging works?
constant memory on the Spartan 3 Starter Kit
C++ microcontroller/processor selection
C/C++/C# programming for interfacing USB to PIC microcontroller
How to check whether a component can work in strong magnetic fields?
FCC part 15 "must accept interference from other sources": what does this mean?
How to interface with a bus that's powered when the rest of my circuit is off
How do I properly size the components for an RC filter?
Can acrylic latex spray paint be used as a DIY solder mask?
What are sacrificial components?
How do I calculate the proper width of a copper trace based on a given gauge (AWG) of wire?
Free VerilogA simulators
Is it possible to use openocd to program an atmega using an AVR ISP (mk2)?
WiFi Signal Boosting
gate current direction during turn-ON of P-channel mosfet
What are the pins?
I can't use digital ports with my raspberry pi?
Maximum input frequency of 74HC Logic gates
Why is the voltage regulator's output current not what I'm expecting?
Output voltage when turned off
Raspberry PI without OS on it?
While loop optimized away
Power supply design pattern with various capacitors
How can I instruct my compiler to use 8 bit bytes instead of 16 bit integers?
Using Low votage audio amplifier with a load cell
Switch mode power supply
How to sharpen blue LED voltage-to-current knee at 3.0 V?
How to charge Polymer Lithium Ion Battery that comes with the Lilypad Development Board
Flyback diodes issues and pull-in & hold current issues in this Relay circuit
Keyboard USB cable reconnnection
Estimating costs for producing and implementing RFID systems 
Using Microchip's dsPIC33E USB Starter Kit
PIC measuring PWM pulse length
Patterns for a strip of leds
Stepper motor phase
How can I create a bootable SD card with linux kernel?
Supplying ac to a dc circuit
Calculating an R-RC circuit
If apply resistor of 2K over a battery of 6v...?
Good compact antenna for FM audio transmitter module?
Component measuring touch
Regulate DC-Pump throughput
Arduino / Raspberry Pi: Voltage Converters and IO-Pins
Will a TIP42 suffice for this project that calls for a BC559 (transistors)?
Where should I put the fuse in this circuit ? Critic the design
Replacements for a 4006 IC?
Schematic for N64 controller to PC adapter confusing
Switch port maximum output power
Determining values of thermistors
Voltage and Current Limiting Circuit
Is there a standard Ethernet Connector?
how to test isolation of DCDC convertor?
Newbie question about compatibility
dual polarity powersupply in this circuit how we connect the battery dc supply?
How to detect surges in the main AC
Standalone MLCK generation for I2S
How to make MCLRE in CONFIG3 word work in PIC18F using MPLABX XC8
Apparent inconsistency of MOSFET power rating in datasheet: SOA v. max power
Determine the operating voltage of a SIM card
Arduino to CPLD to toggle an LEDs using I2C
SIM card: Detected when the card is removed
Control speed of brushless DC motor
Is there a way to miniaturize cell-phone power adapter
Variable resistor with odd upper limit
How to connect a SPCO relay?
Question about relay module
Relay with arduino/microcontroller, diode needed?
Possible to parallel PC power supplies & increase voltage to 14 VDC?
Measuring the phase difference between two signals
MicroSD with ECC
PSRAM: First operation bogus, later operations fine
What "bus turnaround" delay should my PSRAM have?
Diode fails open
Electrical reset to a SIM card
MC34063A: Why am I overclocking this chip?
Getting 7-12V from a computer monitor
Calculating resistance in decibel
Overload protection for battery
Mosfet Vgs issues
What gives some flash memory a higher speed rating than other flash memory?
How can I convert an irregular PWM signal with a duty cycle of 95 to 99% to an analog signal?
What is the acceptable current draw on pin #9 on a VGA connector?
Charging two lead-acid batteries connected in series, separately (with one solar panel)
How to wire AC power to an integrated DPST switch?
Why does micro USB 2.0 have 5 pins, when the A-type only has 4?
How to determine the best diameter for a cable?
Recommend good kits to Newbie
frequency modulation
Driving Solenoids from Arduino
Polarity of unmarked smt electrolytic capacitor
Accellerometer and arduino lillypad and wearable projects
Brushless motor controlled via current source math model
Determine the orientation of an ESD protection chip
What electrical design reasons are there for making rechargeable batteries non-removable?
Moore's Law Timeline
Microcontrol port for lcd
Using relay to control
MCP3909 Energy metering IC , How to use the HFOUT in it?
Effective number of bits of 14-bit ADC
Cheap temperature sensing with MCU
EPROM Replacement Strategies
How safe are pre-charged supercaps compared to pre-charged batteries?
How a capacitor works
How to calculate self-discharge time of capacitors given the leakage current?
USB / Battery Switchover Circuit
Need help with series-parallel resitor networks
Capacitance based drip logger
Manuals for oscilloscope wanted
Upload problem with Mega 2560
how switched mode power supply affect microcontroller functionality
what is transparent operation on rf?
Grounding Shielded Panel-Mount Connectors
Transistor With No Voltage to Base
I2C minimum clock speed and reliability
Soldering PCBs directly together
How to use Arduino Bluetooth module?
About SPICE: Should I use transient analysis or DC linear analysis?
Delta Sigma ADC
how hard can it be to soldier and assemble Sanguinololu 1.3a without prior experience
Relay trouble again
Can I mimic Arduino Ethernet library through serial?
A quick question on relays
A/D Beginner Question
SPI Seems garbled on MSP430
What kind of capacitor could build up, and maintain a charge acquired from lightning?
How can I convert a 2 prong connector to USB?
Minimum operating temperature - Outer Space?
High powered driver for 10W and 45W LEDs
Radio with crystal oscillator
Coaxial connector to pin
Is an ALU a multiplexer?
One-clock increment operation in a three-bus CPU architecture
Audio Signal Switching Transistor For Shutter Release
Digital Dimmer With Microcontroller
DC motor vs AC motor weight considerations
Why does the base-emitter voltage of a BJT decrease with temperature?
Difference between drill layer, hole layer, and milling layer in Eagle
Arduino has an input value in disconnected pin
Web connection through Arduino with WiFi
Interfacing Lego Mindstorm with ultrasonic transducers and actuators
Arduino Uno SoftwareSerial and Serial conflict
Why did my FM transmitter mysteriously die?
Circuit safety -> Preventing smoke through accidental connection of battery voltages
Why are the output voltages way too high on this stacked LM317 circuit?
How can I correctly wire my switch into my USB-to-Serial adapter cable?
Determining the beam frequency & EM-component that is emitted from the human eye (supposedly)
Measure AC Sine Wave amplitude with ADC
BeagleBoard XM with XDS100v2
Impedance matching confusion
what is the resistance of hydrogen?
Transistor Replacement
Sainsmart relay output wiring
Intro Circuits Class Inductor question
Schematic review
Help me interpret solenoid shopping info
What does these switch rating mean?
How to measure CO2, O2, NO2 and NO3 concentration in water?
Communication between multiple microcontrollers
Temperature sensor (TMP36) inaccurate readings
computer controlled thermostat
Power supply too weak, any danger?
What does A x B mean when referring to wire strand count?
System design for python driven autonomous vehicle (boat)
What causes components to "jump" during reflow soldering?
Programming STM32-p207 using JTAG
Should I isolate grounds of an isolated DC/DC converter?
What are these banana plug connectors used for?
arm design beginner question
How would I design a protection clipper circuit for ADC input?
Mega 2560 problem again. Please help!
8 channel 5v relay
Replacing SMD Fuses without access to schematics
How to use the LEDs on Sainsmart protoshield
image distortion generating VGA signal on STM32 f4 using DMA
Unbalanced three phase system - Neutral fails/opens/disconnects - consequence?
Finding the current flowing in parallel circuit
CANopen protocol
What can be the cause of an exceptionally large latency for the UART receive interrupt?
How do components on a ground plane of monopole pcb antenna effect radiation/efficiency?
Interfacing HEDS 9700 optical encoder with AVR atmega32
What's the purpose of the diodes in this circuit?
Using a MOSFET as a switch
SPI Flash: Half the bits are zero
Recommended placement and routing of an RC Low pass filter
Lithium Ion charging schematic
miniDIN - style connector with many pins
Industrial Networks
At what voltage is a NiMH battery empty?
Help Identifying Non-Standard USB Connector
Sound card CD audio in connector
Analog Switch Breakdown voltage?
How can I use a transistor as a switch?
Proper behavior for USB and +5V
Need 1-4 pins controlling 16pins logic level
Information on this keypad
Reducing cost by eliminating microvias when designing a PCB with buried vias
How to best estimate power consumption for a system?
relay connection, how?
Got error in 1602 LCD
Coin Cell Battery for Arduino/Microcontroller
How to hack a body scale to be used as digital weight measure
Correct pin naming of BGA and DIL chips
What is the most common type of high voltage cables?
How is oil-filled switchgear possible?
What is the pinout for HTC One X docks?
Connecting an 80's style computer cassette to an FPGA
Should I use pull up resistors in this configuration?
Soldering Stranded Copper Wire
Understanding the OSI Model
Change in PLL settling time as a result of halving charge pump current/doubling loop filter capacitor
How can I tell if a particular multimeter measures AC with RMS or Average
Controlling an RGB LED color range from an analog temperature sensor (no Arduino, etc.)
Do Fixed Bias BJT 's have a cut in voltage?
How can I use one microcontroller to increment/decrement 4 sets of LEDs using 8 push button inputs?
How does audio get transmitted from my iPod to speakers?
Do two stage common emitter current amplifiers add or multiply?
Analog Telephone Frequency Response Curve
Embedded PS vs ATX PS, can they used in place of each other?
Why isn't iPhone minicom reading serial data from Arduino?
Making a burglar alarm
how these circuits work?
Multiplexing, Animation, Bitmap coding on MCU. How to do it right?
Set top boxes - database of ‘tv programme/channel’
how to measure stepper motor?
Building a JTAG programmer for ATmega
50hz noise removal from ECG power supply
PCB part naming for LEDs
Basic wattage and volt conversion when using solar panel
Price History of FPGA
Which schematic is better for keypad connection to an MCU?
Smartphone touchscreen ribbon connector
Does higher dBi mean further range, for an antenna?
Can we make a rechargeable zinc air battery at home?
Micro-sized powered LED
Solving input noise
What does frequency foldback do in a switching regulator?
Running my atmega8 at 5.5V, risky?
Why is flux-linkage a fundamental circuit variable?
What is a mutator?
Optoisolate two ICs sharing same power supply
Stand alone LCD display for sensor monitoring
RF Microcontroller Selection
Relay current question
Specific color sensing, is it possible in an economical way, without using camera/image recognition?
Does this photodiode circuit work?
Calculating parallel resistance of a rated bulb
Magnetic door lock
Dynamic Range of an ADC
Selecting a MOSFET for driving load from logic
How do you adjust the trace rotation on a Hameg HM 307?
Diagram validatation for two motors connected with On-Off-On Switch
What is the definition of "cathode"?
Help finding appropriate AVR device
Designing high-power LED driver with PWM
query about the RAM IC in this picture
Using a specific LCD with an arduino
How to calculate current and voltage draw of a single resistor circuit?
How to read and display data from a CO2 logger connected via RS-232?
Where can i get latest electronic seminar topics?
Discrepancy between post-Place-and-Route static timing analysis and ISIM simulation results
Can I wirelessly power mini LEDs?
pushbutton switch that twists to lock
Creating a clock multiplier using a PLL
Interface Camera: STM32vl Discovery Kit
How to fix a broken OK button on a verizon chocolate phone
6 channel Logitech Z-680 surround sound system 1 speaker blown and need help replacing fuse inside sub-woofer
Eliminating Thermal Isolation Pads in Eagle
Compatibility and hookup question
Understanding the AVCC pin wiring on ArduinoLeonardo (low-pass filter?)
How to build a 75 ohm to 50 ohm converter
Why would a CPU+Wi-Fi module supplier not mention both memory and memory bus?
volumetric specific heat of insulation
Naming (C1, C2, R1, R2...) components on PCB
Acer Aspire 7535-5020 battery
Arduino motor control
Do PS3 controllers use SPP to send the state of the buttons?
Can a headphone jack power an LED?
Does Arduino use step down voltage regulators?
Common Analog Signal Frequencies
R2 Arduino Uno and an R3 Ethernet Shield mismatch
How to indicate breakaway tabs in PCB design?
Relay power supply
I ran into LCD problem
What are the the advantages of a switched capacitor filter over a digital filter?
How to go from GPIO to digital signal?
How can I get extra power for USB 2.0 device?
Is it okay to keep a mobile phone connected to its charger, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week?
Backup battery tester circuit
Displacement Sensor
Proximity Sensors
How do I use a quartz crystal in an oscillator?
How does current flow through this Arduino circuit?
Adjustable LDO Regulator
How do I get this spool to work?
What does it mean when there is a voltage difference between ground and neutral?
Powering 10watt light bulb for 24 hours using solar power
Can I recharge 12V batteries individually while why are attached in series?
Narrow bandpass filter help
Why don't my coil work?
Compiling MSP430 files linking problems
Building a coil for galvo motor
Atmega328p, avrdude and setup
Buzzer on a computer mainboard
Using ATX PSU as stand-alone power supply: PSU doesn't stay on longer than ~1 second
Making a suitable antenna for a crystal radio
Crystals, Oscillators, and Resonators. What the difference?
80's Cassette Line to Microphone Level for iPhone
Fixing APC UPS buzzing noise
TFT display write noise
Standard wire colors
Multiple micro solar power wireless transmitters / receivers operating in close proximity? SRDs
Sending a analogue signal?
How to demodulate an IR signal
Arduino: two more analog input!
Is galvanic isolation of Hi-speed USB impossible?
how does better isolation between gate and channel in a mosfet, result in a higher input impedance?
What is the difference between burden resistor and a normal one?
I broke my steering coil, where could I get I new one?
Which is easier to solder: TSSOP or QFN?
Choose the resistence with voltage divider sensor
Looking for linear solenoid actuators less than 2 cm in length
Can the board inside a hobby servo be repurposed to drive an external DC motor
switching DAC output to multiple inputs
UART adapter to... what is this connector's name?
powering a 6 Watt LED
Clamp / pierce into flex PCB
Inverter ICs for (5v DC -> 5v AC) and (9v DC -> 9v AC)
Understanding USB Inrush Current Requirements
Is it worth to assembly boards for low volume lots?
How are multi-layer PCBs made?
Splicing a laptop power supply cord
Are sealed lead acid batteries water-resistant?
DC power supply and cell phones
Looking for an easy to use circuit design software similar for beginner
Can I charge a 12v sealed lead acid with an old wall-wart (not made for charging)?
Pico power supply
Arduino Analog Input example clarification
What dangers are there putting power through RCA connectors?
PICKIT 3 and 16F684 in-circuit debugger
Powering 3 LEDs
Eagle V6 and CNC router
Driving LEDs from audio signal
WiFI signal level in dBm
Programmable power supply
How to configure the analog port in PIC18F?
How is a transformer working at 10's of MHz designed?
Powering LED with 9V battery
How can I make a thermostat?
HOA0901 Wheel Encoder Circuit
Mylar Paste Stencils - Paste Mask File Conversion
MicroSD flash block size
High side current monitor to measure microamps
Calculating induced charge
What is the simplest sound generating circuit?
What equipment and tools can be used to fabricate an 8 layer PCB for a prototype that has a 584-BGA microcontroller
How to use Altium Buses?
What wattage should a headphone amp be?
Current measurement with a multimeter: how am I doing it wrong?
Arduino SPI limit
Why do batteries not last as long in a cold environment?
What's the max discharge (in "C") of a Pb-acid and LiFePO4 (lithium iron phosphate)?
Using electric motor to adjust blinds?
Arduino Networking
A quick question about TFT LCD
Use sheet entries on Altium
Transformer winding ratio vs actual winding count
What is "RFIS" tag
CE# pin pulsed low by ARM when configured
ARM: Read the value of an Alternate Function pin
Why do we still use cable for a lot of forms of data transmission?
System verilog constraints
USB to UART interface
opto isolated arduino input
how to charge a steel ball
Low threshold N-channel MOSFET
Long transmission line inductance with SPI
ATmega32 factory reset board
Does the capacitor dielectric experience heating due to rapid charge/discharge cycles?
Using a pc power supply, any risk to electronics?
Why does an ideal capacitor give rise to a rectangular cyclic voltammogram (CV)?
What's the difference between field-effect transistors (FETs) marketed as switches vs. amplifiers?
Two same ADCs produce different result for same signal
How can I meet these PCB design conductivity/isolation requirements?
What should I look for when shopping for an ESD bench mat?
What's the difference between small signal bipolar junction transistors (BJTs) marketed as switches vs. amplifiers?
Prototyping board
Arduino/Atmega with TIP120/121/122 transistors: base current question
How to reduce voltage from a high speed buffer?
Need help getting SainSmart TFT LCD working with mega
Replacing a thermal cut-off with a potentiometer
How can I connect a USB Joystick to the arduino to control a Canon DSLR?
I need a powersource based on locomotion (3V 20 mA)
UNO board turned hot
How can i see wi-fi data in my system?
AC-DC converter, transformer modification how-to
Modular Analog Circuit formula solver?
Sync video with data
What are the differences between a gyroscope, accelerometer and magnetometer?
How to make a device that keeps water in sink and bath at desired temperature?
Difficulties of I2C over wire
Modelling MEMS accelerometer's measurement noise using datasheet (ADXL330)
Color problems when turning a CRT TV set into an oscilloscope
Does Arduino ADK shield for android, serves like a regular USB host shield?
Precise liquid level measurement sensor
Gate Threshold @ Id = X Confusion
How can one pair of headphones be connected to two audio sources?
Interfacing C# application with PIC24FJ256GB106 over USB
DC-DC Boost Converter 12V .5A Output, 3.6V, 2A input
BJT, resistor, and diode work but ULN2803 does not
What is the cheapest way for two devices spaced less than 10 feet apart to communicate wirelessly with each other?
How can a capacitor in a disposable camera shock you?
What is the material on top of the chips in this logic board, and should I leave them?
Talking to the Cortex M3 (Stellaris EKS-LM3S1968) under linux
How can I convert the current from a fan to the microphone headset input on an iphone?
How can I hack a Bluetooth mono headset into a speakerphone?
Why is a datapath in microcontrollers always a power of 2 wide?
Programmable USB RF transceiver
Using a 5V LCD screen from a 3.3V Raspberry Pi GPIO pin
How do I test a bridge rectifier?
Can an audio circuit be powered by a switched-mode power supply?
Routing considerations of analog signals on twisted pairs
Impedance Matching Differential Signals
How to measure a short of power amplifier in car?
Temperature sensor should use resistor?
How can I find out which wires are the primary wires on this transformer?
Charge a single AA battery in a double charger?
Power supply noise in audio
Why would an input pin have both a pull-up and pull-down resistor?
What electronic component of a computer produces (sound) noise?
Coin cell battery for Bluetooth?
How does autoranging work in a multimeter? What is the circuit?
How does the HD44780 LCD work at the low level?
Current over ethernet?
Striking electronics facts, stories or puzzles
Why is there a delay in a common anode 7-segment display?
Why don't capacitor's plates stick together?
Are those some kind of timed-resetting fuses in DMMs?
Adding decay (fall-off) to comparator circuit
arduino best serial communication solution
Diode clamper analysis
Do magnetics connectors exist?
Proper assignations of current directions
Designing Embedded Software
applying nodal inspection technique to supernodes with dependent sources
Solar MPPT charger causing regular voltage spikes
Relationship between frequency and current
Resistors - metal film or carbon film and what values?
Audio Capacitor Values
Using a microphone with an Arduino
Signal integrity at 40 MHz with parallel signals
How can I design a circuit that will turn on when a wire is cut?
GPIO remote switching PC on/off
Arduino and Display in different rooms, possible?
Antennas and Ground Planes
Which LED driver?
Problem writing to MCP23017 I/O Expander registers (i2c)
Electrons' flow misconception?
Bits' transmission in links
Is it possibile to manually wire a displayport cable?
Join together two flexible electrical cables
Why are vias placed this way on a PCB?
Set STM32 GPIO clock and data pins as fast as possible
Raspberry Pi and laptop display
Battery management circuit for Nokia BL-4C / 5C Li-ION batteries
Prevent ISE from bitswapping the configuration file
Solenoid Power Source
Computer in oil inside refrigerator
How to read / understand spatial RF charts like "XZ Plane Polarization"
Input stage for ADC with operational amplifier
Would anyone know how to use the InterSense Navchip sensor with Linux?
Mega 2560 and LCD 1602 got error messages when upload
How to set up a PLC for hobby home automation project?
how to detect variations of small resistances
How to choose correct resistor with proper wattage and ohms for 6 leds connected in a serial circuit?
Muxed pin of Analog To Digital Converter,ADS8548 - Interface Issue
UART no reply from BTM511 Bluetooth module
Multi high input impedance chemical electrode buffer circuit
remove all components from a board with oven/heater?
Radio interferes with I2C bus communication
Arduino: Controlling a RC car remote
Small variable width fonts for LCD display
Antenna Length for Low Frequency Radio Signals - Why so long?
Does magnetism affect SD cards?
RF link wireless trigger (press/hold) with no mcu
Making one usb headset work with two computers
Some advice on charging circuit used in simple UPS
XBee, how does it deal with collisions?
What type of connection is this?
Arduino power sharing
Can the outputs of 3 different voltage regulators be tied together?
oscilloscope dead?
memory allocation issues on ARM boards
Help with understanding Current, Voltage and Resistance
Electric shock : what risk working with a 6V power supply?
A few questions about vias and pads on a PCB
Resetting XBee with an Arduino
LED randomizer microcontroller SFF (Small Form Factor) circuit
How to program an ATmega32 in C++ to control a LCD?
Smith Chart Explanation
Capacitor sizing on a voltage regulator output
microcontroller programming
how can i understand when a stepper motor get a complete round?
Voltage regulator minimum voltage input
Are D-latches and D-type flipflops volatile?
How to drive this MOSFET with a microcontroller?
Powering Laptop internal monitor
Does this buffer's current rating apply to each individual output, or all of them?
Why sine wave UPS triggering surge protector again and again
6x UV-leds in parallel turning on and off when they should be on all the time
A Bluetooth device that will send data to a mobile phone
AC heater, bridge and MOSFET, possible?
How to power a motherboard from a 24V source?
Loop through a vector in ngspice
PIC16F SSPADD Causing SCL To Go Low Early
Detecting phase between square wave and sine wave signals
Just chopped a cable, is red power, black ground?
Need advice on laying out a 2 layer PCB. Grounding and power?
Library of footprints for Cadence Allegro / PCB Editor
Easiest way to go from analog input to PWM output?
multiple arduino communication (1 master, n slaves)
About JFET polarity
Surface mount bead core
Level shifting a +/- 2.5V signal to 0 - 5V
How to calculate consumed energy effects on battery voltage?
Not able to read SPI signal with digital oscilloscope
How to wire up the arduino kit
Voltage at soldering iron tip, should I be worried?
Power consumption of unimplemented pins?
I2C EEPROM bit-banging: Writes fine, but only if first bit is not set
Safety of powering 5V circuit of 240V main outlet using adapter
Switch power supply
FPGA "physical view" visualiser with Verilog simulation
Questions with overhanging silkscreens in eagle cad
Is this resistor needed in this opamp circuit?
Multiple resistors in series instead of using a single resistor has any advantage: heat produced by the resistors of diffent watts are different?
Isolation transformer and scope when troubleshooting SMPS
How do I design my very own ARM based processors?
A device that runs on AC current it's voltage inside is measured by always turning the multimeter's knob to AC voltage:same for DC right?
Sharing a pull-up resistor
Open Drain vs Open Collector
Raspberry Pi as basis for commercial device?
What units is my multimeter using to measure batteries?
Why do I get a failure in Quartus while trying to programming my FPGA?
Need to power two or more UPSs to a common battery details follow)?
Low power micro-SD card storage
MOS Capacitance and Performance
Is my device burnt?
High/Low level voltage specs for an IC
Please help identify this exotic, probably Japanese board-to-wire connector
Clamping Schottky Leakage Current
Power MOSFETs and Gate drivers
How to make polygon inside orphan of another polygon?
Is primary memory buffering the only way to access I/O devices and secondary storage?
MATLAB about generating and analysing noisy signal
Which side should I put the resistor?
Final steps in device manufacturing - AVR programming and board assembly
Short Channel Effects and FinFET?
Graphics card capacitors
What is the standard way to make a Peltier power supply with variable power?
Image capture and analysis
DC Power-Supply
What is the advantage of the inverting opamp circuit over non-inverting one?
What development boards have good RTOS support?
Cell phone from scratch parts
List of general purpose transistors
Do 4017 decade counters sink current?
What are suitable transformer specs to use with LM1893 PLC modem?
Is this StopWatch Accuracy correct?
How to detect whether an audio output jack is connected to a headphone or an aux input?
Jamming Devices
Connections in load flow analysis
ARM Programming interface and tool chain
Selecting the right relay
mysterious gadget That makes whinnying sound. help identifying circuit board plz
EEPROM read/write errors on dsPIC
how do I put this schematic into a breadboard?
Led Matrix using PIC
How to calculate series resistor to provide a certain voltage to a pin?
Digital multimeters battery placement
P-Channel MOSFET Drain-Source Polarity in Power Switch Application
Bias analysis in a dual BJT circuit with feedback
How do I modify a small blower motor to be variable speed?
DIY POE 8 port switch
What is the energy efficiency between FM radio tower broadcasting over an area vs point to point streaming via Internet?
Make the oscillator choice
Finding a diode's operation point (Q-point)
Turning on and off car ignition - created two pulses?
Isolating power for an infrared receiver
Simplest way to control the speed of 4 identical fans
Hard drive that has the ability to "read" old data while it performs a write?
arduino data stream format
4026 + 7-segment display: do I need transistors?
Connecting two CMOS transceivers on different boards
How to make usb 3G modem signal stronger with aluminum foil antenna?
Does anybody recognize this automotive connector?
Information on USB Audio
Op-amp slew rate over frequency
Multiplexing Inputs on a microcontroller
How to test brushed motor rotor coils with a multimeter?
What is a conventional way to set a Modbus device address and baudrate?
phidgets bridge with processing
Interface telephone handset
Software for creating cable schematics
On/Off with IR Reciever
Which tools do you use to analyze waveform data from simulation or logic analyzer traces?
What are capacitive and inductive thermo sensors?
Power supply from USB
How are bridge rectifiers rated?
About ROM designing
Car security solution - designing the right motion detector
Need of Baluns in  Radio Frequency Integrated Circuit?
How to choose a MCU platform?
Designing oscillating circuit for DIY DC -DC converter
Switch suggestion
Help finding transfer function for root locus using Matlab
How to create an FPGA based Ambilight clone?
What is the ON resistance of a BJT like a 2N3904?
How to calculate a correction factor for two sensors
What is an Electronics Databook?
In case of power failure, how the ROM will store the data?
Do switching type AC adaptors limit the current by themselves?
How to detect high current
Sparkfun's Quadstepmotor driver and different velocity: concurrency problem?
can't connect to webserver through arduino
adc-fpga interface guidelines for vhdl
Failing to write ATMega16U4 fuses with avrdude
Design a simple circuit to generate -21V..-24V from +5V
battery voltage with microcontroller
Power Off Delay circuit
FFC Connector Identification
RF Module and EMI
Switched neutral option in switch datasheet
What inductor to use?
different USB speeds on different chips
What is the dielectric constant of a fly?
Tips about signal strength metering with percentage
MCUs programmable by USB or ethernet
Is electronics driven by scientific papers?
Replacement Transistor for Ultrasound Cleaner
Effect of output capacitance
Industry standard Cat5e cabling
Understanding circuit diagram on datasheet and resistor value
Piezo barely audible
Is RESET* on the XMEGA disabled when using the PDI interface?
L7805CV 5V Voltage Regulator 1.5A
What is the name of a device that would send input current out to my home and maybe upstream from a power device?
What characteristic on op-amp datasheets indicates performance near the supply voltage ("rails")?
Why would a whole region have severe difficulties with the railway "signalling system"?
Controlling colors in RGB LED
Different design in relay load connections
which battery will supply the load?
What is a brownout condition?
PIC12F1822 program counter jumping around during debug and release programming
Good solution for more interrupts on an arduino?
Units of noise spectral density
Does anybody have any idea what this piece of equipment is?
Is there any accurate Temperature, Moisture or pressure reading strip?
Self Balancing Robot using Computer Vision
Getting weird characters in hyper-terminal on serial connection of PC and Atmega-16
Sending ground along with digital connections between boards
Whitenoise Signal from Microcontroller Amplification IC Advice
Should I connect 3V3 in UART
graphical circuit simulator like logisim
Placement of decoupling capacitors
How to connect Spartan-6 with ISE 14.2 on Ubuntu
Any way to duplicate the behavior of this device? Or another one similar for commercial use?
Serial LED driver with individual PWM, compatible with common cathode bargraphs?
audio amplifier without external battery
How can I test a hex Schmitt trigger?
Why is my Arduino Ethernet shield getting hot?
What type of method for producing White-Light LEDs is the most common?
Controlling Multiple ESCs with ATMEGA128 PWM
Simplest way to connect a proximity sensor to a PC
Capacitor bank to smooth out current surges
How close can I place two transformers?
Playing back recorded movements with servos
What does BSC SQ mean?
Multiple lengths in DAC datasheet
Learning to read datasheets
Logic gate symbol vs IC symbol
Should Shielding GND be isolated from circuit GND?
EMI filter for 1-wire
How to check if something is mains earth grounded?
Using 22pF load caps with 16MHz crystal on atmega328p fails to work
Different decoupling capacitors in parallel
SOC for router like a d-link?
Schematic critique
Questions on mass-production soldering
Why are these two same rated metallized film capacitor physically different
How does the values of the capacitor affect the filter circuit?
Bias tee with very small low cut-off frequency
Crystal Oscillator with OP AMP, or Oscillator circuit built with Crystal and Op Amp
General "rule of thumb" for unused IC pins
Cannot get Sainsmart 8 Channel SSR board to turn on sprinkler's 24 V solenoid
Possible Relay Overload
Ground ring -- good or bad?
Why are the "common" resistors and capacitors rated the way they are?
Potentiometers: definitions, applications and how to choose?
What are suggestions for resistor and capacitor substitutions?
Limiting the short circuit current of a power supply
Measuring Power Amplifier with Sound Card
Fixing a hair straightener
Pull Down Resistors
Raspberry Pi wiring simple LED
Questions regarding Triac Driver circuit
Creating the proper Vref for a thermistor
trying to find or make a very light/small chip (rfid, bluetooth, etc) that can send its location to a cell phone if lost
Shift Register output to Relays
How to get rid of the warning "WARNING:PhysDesignRules:367 - The signal IBUF is incomplete."
SD Card initialize problem
If a DAC does USB in and S/PDIF out, what does it do?
Is it possible to build something that can measure water and oil in a tank with out being in the tank?
Help me build an autonomous remote wind station + camera
How can I create a female jumper wire connector
MIDI - clockless serial with TI MSP430 MCU software?
Headphones with 8 ohm speaker
Why is connecting two different voltage sources in parallel dangerous?
Is the garage door open? Reed relays
Chosing a suitable switch mode power supply
Phototransistor Dark Detector Circuit
Do high+variable refresh rate (small) displays exist (i.e. of type OLED)?
USART, UART, RS232, USB, SPI, I2C, TTL, etc. what are all of these and how do they relate to each other?
Need formula to selecting coaxial cable type and GSM antenna
Formulas for Integral Components
Will a gas generator survive an EMP?
Why is this crystal so tall?
Reflow oven AC cable splicing insulation and thermocouple readings
connector without a name?
Conversion of PID controller components with state feedback into single transfer function and discrete state-space form
Difference between voltage and current ratings on a component
Smallest Delay Possible in a RF Remote Control 
Li-Po USB Charger with PIC, voltage is not falling to 0V
How to increase current drive of Charlieplexed LED array?
5V Across Multiple USB Ports
High Current return path
Communication between two AVR microcontrollers over SPI with different power supplies
Identifying Pins of an Unknown LCD
How do I select pins in Quartus 2?
Coupling the powerline communication modem for 3 phase line
Linux PCB with support for GPU accelerated X Windows
How do I determine what kind of proximity sensor / RFID hardware is in a device?
Information regarding DC wander
Why have resistors in a circuit down-stepping 230VAC
Is it possible to use Kinetic energy to power small devices?
Yagarto: Do not include the standard header files
Potential problems with paralleling a jumbo battery to iphone internal battery?
What is the typical max voltage out of a PC speaker Jack?
Processing RXTX issue
What is the main difference between registers, bit fields, and flags?
What is the point of "software data protection" in a rewriteable ROM?
Negating a number in VHDL using least logic
Dynamically allocating memory for an embedded application
Arduino Wifly shield with SPI
physically deinstall/access phone/tablet internal memory
Inductance of a HDD BLDC Motor Phase
Weird failure: Loud Sweep Tone on SMPS, ideas?
I2C optocoupler separation - which IC?
RC differentiator circuit explaination
What is the difference between many core and multi core?
Feasibility of PCB edge plating?
Best edge connector for my pcb?
Bipolar stepper motor: What should the sequence timing be?
Regulating Voltage
Integrated H-Bridge (ST VNH3SP30-E) suitable for low-side current-sensing?
Standard case mounting hole interstitial distance
Using higher voltage rails than an op amp is rated for
Any good solutions for dealing with resistors for color-deficient tinkerers?
What is RTS and CTS flow control?
Building AC dimmer - digitally controlled
What does "MCS" means in intel's microcontroller MCS-48, MCS-51, and MCS-96?
Simulate Encoder Using Buttons
RIGOL DS1052E applications
Intel x86 and patent implications
Controlling motors induvidually
How to design system for n bits?
memcpy issue in ARMcc
How do I make use of a scrapped CCD sensor from a scanner?
PSpice generates gray hair, not correct answers
Connecting to external chip (device)
Multiplexed Display
Is there a metric version of this nomogram?
Selecting a transceiver module for a wireless communication system
What is the implication of supplying power the other way on this circuit?
Pic Microcontroller - Secondary Oscillator
Unable to use compiler built-in functions to write to dsPIC EEPROM
What makes one microphone better than another, and how do I make my own?
How to dual power PIC18F4550?
Help reading opamp datasheet
How does baud rate affect power consumtion on a Xbee module?
How can I safely charge multiple deep cycle batteries simultaneously?
Constant power discharge of a non-ideal capacitor
Simple design to switch 24v from PIC
How to calculate the zero crossing offset in a capacitive transformerless power supply
Using SPST switch as digital input?
Blowing a Fuse to Permanently Disable Functionality
Does Bluetooth range increase with lower baud rate?
What is the difference between a GAL and a PAL?
L298 output voltage is too low
Anyone knows what software tool is used to draw these circuit schematics
Controlling a main solenoid and two sub-solenoids
Is there any VHDL 93 or 2002 code that is incompatible with VHDL 2008?
What is the use of the unused Data pins of a LCD
Micro-Controller Operating System with GUI
Suggestions for a Point-to-Point reliable Wireless Communication Module
Controlling a power strip with a toggle switch. Flight sim design
4-20 ma analog output. circuit for increased resolution
Arduino's "Upload Using Programmer" for ATmega328 (not ATmega328P)
How must I read this MOSFET specification?
Why is a lower switching frequency more efficient?
Custom-CPU builder/simulator
Why don't we use wireless electricity today?
FPGA or Microprocessor for Computer Vision based Robot for Indoor Navigation
RS485 how to tell if HXPS-2108F Prolific is working
Why do some of my signals 'shiver' (have jitter)?
Why do some of my IE converter circuits have a large offset voltage?
Charging batteries connected in series as isolated groups
Building and Driving a Stepper Motor
Why did relay run when I applied half the nominal coil voltage?
Breadboarding circuits
Why would an IR remote circuit use one resistor/transistor pair for each LED?
Mosfet Sparkler
Disassembling a camera - dealing with a flash capacitor
Is there a 10X probe compensator BNC, but with out the probe?
Convert an analog audio signal to digital with a PIC and send the data through serial to a PC
Is it possible to add a piezo buzzer to a counter
Circuit Nodal Voltage
SSR staying on (not reacting anymore)
Plugging a LDR into GPIO pins of a Raspberry Pi
When IO is limited on a uC, how do you move the logic away from the uC?
In a circuit being switched by an NPN transistor, do power supply and input need the same ground?
Cyclone II FPGA Starter Kit Configuration Seems to be Giving Bogus Results
Efficient low-power buck (step-down) regulator IC for Li-Ion - 3.3V conversion?
How to make single ended voltage measurements
Programming an ATtiny 85 with Arduino
Connect load to collector or emitter of transistor
Running Two Network Points From one Cable
Why do networks need a common ground cable?
Negative Voltage Breakers?
Reccomendations of PIC microcontrollers
Would a digital compass work reliably when installed in a car?
How RF 443.92 MHz works?
What should the voltage of a fully charged lead acid battery be?
Electrostatic properties of plastic enclosures
Servo selection Lightweight robot, 4 Legs, 3 joints per leg.
Transformer heating up without load
Altera Cyclone IV memory block Verilog module
BlueTooth v2.1 profile to be used
Drawing 100mA / common ground for a bus-powered USB hub
capture raw data in COM port
Production testing, design-for-test, test points, and other techniques
USB powered device with multiple Decoupling Capacitors
Using reset controllers with modern microcontrollers
How is electricity typically generated?
Sniffing USB traffic at the hardware level
Does anybody recognize this (other) automotive connector?
How do I calculate how much solar power I need for a system?
ambient light rejection in absorbance sensor
Unusual behavior of external interrupts when switching other appliances on or off
What are thermals?
What is the difference between 3 axis and 6 axis gyros?
How to use AVR ADC with multiplier?
HSPICE node naming convention
Choosing a crystal and load capacitors for micro controller
How do microcontrollers achieve > 1 MIPS/MHz performance?
DIY NiCad charger
How do volume control headphones work?
Transformers parameters
Does a gyro need to be placed at the center of rotation?
Name of connector for attaching to bolt
Determining parity or FEC (Forward Error Correction) requirements from percent error
How to make Quartus II find the Altera DE2 board?
Carry-lookahead adder - what happens to carry bit?
Share battery between different voltage devices
Electronic aspects of iPhone 3.5mm audio output
When is an FPGA mature enough?
attiny13a SMD production programming without programming jumper? Possible?
Help me understand this circuit schematic
Weird readings from ITG3200 gyro?
Use TimerOne.h in another microcontroller
Why does MSP430 have 2 capture signals for each capture/compare channel? Pin assignments recommendations?
Create Altium footprint from scratch for Molex connector?
Any pitfalls when going from two to four layer PCB?
Driving low-voltage H-bridge directly from MCU
Line Tracing robot when sensors are behind the robot
Automatically Change Open to Short
Network protocol over audio
Sensor for adjustable standing desk
Issue on Serial Port Communication (in JAVA)
SPI communication
What is the "Max current" for AWG#16?
Providing power to additional load (PN532 Board)
Which sensor nodes should I use?
Can I power a fan with a drill battery rather than a bunch of D batteries
How does an iPhone car adapter work?
How can I Build a Full Bridge Rectifier?
What does this circuit symbol mean? (Circle with horizontal line through it)
Identifying USB wires
What's wrong with this 4-bit ALU?
difference between dry contact mode output and open collector output
1N4148 not giving correct voltage drop
100 LED floodlight schematic help
Adjustable 9v - 15v 1.5A DC Switching Power Supply from 6 D batteries
Confusion in feedback for switchmode dc/dc converter
smooth a motor movement
Two separate power supplies for a single project...can they be conglomerated somehow?
How to use this type of photodiode?
Is it possible to connect a raspeberry pi to a 3.2" TFT LCD touch panel?
Simplest way for remote power control?
Can you find the transfer function of two cascaded networks if you know their individual transfer functions?
 eForce sensor recommendations
How to connect ADSL router that takes RJ11 as input with cable which is RJ45
Current path question
Can a hobbyist ARM setup be as simple as this AVR one?
CU or ALU? What communicates with memory?
Common types of diodes to keep around
A simple on-circuit RS-232 to USB converter
i2c bus isolation using Si8400
Calculate output voltage and current of a boost converter
Minimum diode current / realtime clock battery backup
Why are inferred latches bad?
What effect does using two different forms of solder mask on the same PWB have?
Micro-B USB male to 2x Micro-B USB female Y splitter adapter
How Modern Overclocking Works
How do I edit part SchLib file from SchDoc file in Altium?
Difference between Line and Neutral in AC
cheaper alternative to microcontroller
Resistor heat in a LED array
Creepage and clearance when using relays
Selecting a DC-DC voltage inverter/regulator
Custom Arduino circuit not working
USB to 3-cell Lipo charger?
How to connect load cell to arduino?
Do transformers make batteries more dangerous
Practical efficiencies of available solar cells
How to fix a broken sub connection and wire?
Controlling temperature of a water bath with induction plate
Current Losses in the wire through distance while Transmitting
Automating linker file change
What is the inverse of the inductance?
Termination resistors: are they needed?
How can capacitance values be determined from a cyclic voltammogram?
What to look for in a multimeter?
Hybrid two port network models
Autonomously-powered (battery-less) wireless pushbutton
Help on finding the polarity of the capacitor
Basic PNP transistor on a microprocessor output pin
How to determine USB hub speed type?
The resistance between the 1.2V rail and GND is 40 Ohms, is it safe?
Strong adhesive to attach part to PCB
Indoors-vs-outdoors sensor
Using a diode to ensure current flows in only one direction, without causing a voltage drop
Trying to understand prescaling voltage for ADC with least error
Regulated 3.3V from a Lithium-ion (or LiPo) battery
Want a USB mini-microphone array. Is it possible?
Replacement for MC34072P Op Amp
phase wrapping group delay
Alternatives for the Atmel AT91SAM3U-EK Development Board
Solder Mask on fPCB starting to degrade
how many light bulb for one relay?
Every time I connect ADE measuring chip , it blows up
Any ideas to make IR LEDs identifiable during position-tracking?
Regular or Irregular Hardware?
Strange pin behavior with pic16f88
7-color RGB LED Help
Trying to follow schematic for the first time, getting weird result
Interfacing Gyro with arduino
Operation of a Buck Converter
Detecting absolute position
Powering an LED from RF (cellphone signals)
Arduino serial.read to int
Oscilloscope Probe Compensation Not working
Constant current, constant power and constant impedance loads
setting the output for l200c - am I correct in how it works
Capacitors in series
I need the most basic circuit diagram for wireless energy transfer please
Replacing a switch with a transistor
Setting up an external clock source on an ATmega8
Signal Processing with Op Amps
Interfacing LPC1343 with Compact Flash
Ultrasonic Transducer driver
EMI Filter calculation in a SMPS
GSM/GPRS module to call phone
How to find a footprint?
How to create a pointer to code memory in microchip C30
How to easily find or create parts for Eagle schematic/board layout
Symmetrical components
How to mix High-Z and Low-Z audio signals? (Sum should be High-Z)
Making a lithium polymer circuit
determine motor amp draw before purchase
What's the easiest way to create a software-controlled 220V electricity interruptor?
Why does a printer's inrush current double for 240V vs 120V?
How to confirm if GPU, CPU or motherboard is broken?
3V triggered switch using an IC
First time PCB design - board dimensions question
How do I pick a surface mount LED?
Using back to back zener diodes to clip voltage spikes in bipolar stepper motor
USB inrush current
Where can I find DMM probe sockets?
AC-mains capable SSR (Solid State Relay) with very low leakage current?
Regulating a small clockwork synchronous AC motor
20 3.2v - 3.8v LEDs in a line on a 12v circuit
MOSFET Switch w/ Fast Settle Time for Switching E-Field
Industrial construction of pn-junction diodes?
Is there an insulation compound for exposed leads on a PCB?
How to embed a clock oscillator inside a digital block? Specifically, how is this defined for Synopsys DC?
How do i build a laser based tachometer?
Current to voltage converter proofing
How to use interrupts in micro C
What are 12.000393 MHz crystals used for?
is there some sort of paste, grease, spray or similar thing that helps make more contact surface for high-current battery?
Is there a function to model the resistance between 2 metal probes
Does anybody recognize this connector?
Designing a wide-range light detector circuit
Automobile ignition coil (spark coil)
Computer bus frequency and electricity frequency
Preprogrammed Atmel microcontrollers?
Multi-tap transformer current handling capability
How to determine the force of a solenoid based on inductance
Microchip PIC10 (8 bit microcontroller) learning reference. Where to start?
Locate a mobile phone precisely for indoors tracking
Is This Dual Inductor Mode or Series Mode?
Measure Water Flow in a Swimming Pool
Do multi-channel opto-triacs with common pins exist?
Transistor layout for AOI gate
How do I get gyro sensor data (L3G4200D) into degrees/sec?
Can my weather station cause interference with my wireless network?
Is it possible to write to serial terminal program via JTAG interface?
Alternatives to breadboards for high-current applications
Why does my SSD have an FCC logo on it?
Internal circuits in 8051 to handle an External interrupts0 and External interrupts1
200+ phototransistors and reading them
Microcontroller or arduino alternative for small cell-phone sized device?
Single Board Computer (SBC) suggestion for interfacing with DMA
Is picking up fixed pixel rgb values from a camera pic using arduino/uC possible?
Optical sensor for picking up 15 mm² area at a distance of 1 cm and return RGB value (or similar estimate)
What's special about "unity-gain stable"?
How to choose Li-ion or other battery for uC (packed into thin small device) and connect
What is this type of digits-only LCD called?
Hello World with Arduino Leonardo
Really loud, yet compact, long(-ish) duration, battery operated -- hooter / siren
LM3524D as a StepUp regulator
Programming to read X-10 over USB or Serial
Altera optimisation: "Stuck at GND due to stuck port data_in"
Can an unpowered 2.4 GHz transceiver exist?
Difference between Multiplexer/Demultiplexer and Analog Switch
What kind of power connector do Sony VAIO laptops use?
MCP 3909 energy metering chip problem
What is this type of motor called?
What is the meaning of the nominal frequency specified by manufacturers of crystals?
How to connect Bluetooth module Left and Right audio out to a single 3.5mm TRS
Selecting Loading Capacitor Values for 32 kHz Crystal
Can I use a microcontroller to control the output voltage of a switching powersupply?
Why does this PUT oscillator max out at about 25 Hz?
How to use the SET_TRIS_B function in PIC C
How to Wire a PIC Microcontroller?
Step up DC/DC 5V -> 6V
Will this ADC circuit work as intended?
Why do my speakers make a noise when my cell phone gets a call?
Competing PCB Crystal layout recommendations
Problem with a nixie clock
What certifications are needed for GPS/GSM devices in AirPort?
Interface microcontroller as i2c slave
USB composite device driver
Simulation of RF in CC430F5137 is not working
Floatable power supply one one side of isolation amplifier
Capacitor charge circuit - 0V drop switch?
Conveyor belt speed monitoring
Deep cycle battery charging
Verilog UART Transmitter Sends Bytes Out of Order
How should I isolate AC and DC on a small PCB?
How to use a multiple serial port in Arduino
Multisim and choosing a FPGA Board
What is a false path timing constraint?
How to find a fitting cooler/heatsink for a Mosfet?
How to choose a Solar Panel
Resonant frequency of piezo elements, and generating multiple tones
Real diode behaviour modelling
Unstable points in a basic memoryless circuit
Getting ~600W of power to 2048 LEDs
Are 5V ELDC super capacitors constructed with internal balancing resistors?
Can you identify this 14-pin DIP resistor network?
ATMega32 vs. ATMega32A - one works, that other one not
Cleaning Circuits with Compressed Air
Battery Charger... Some Questions
Why does an op-amp perform poorly with no load?
Maximum current vs temperature
When to use ground plane cutouts?
Not getting any reading from FTDI UMFT201XB USB-to-I2C module
Why is voltage inverse to current in a shunt generator?
What is the simplest way to interact with an I2C peripheral?
Using larger resistor values
Difference between .MACRO and .SUBCKT in SPICE
What is the purpose of a splitter?
Xilinx CPLD macrocell capacity
Using Bluetooth to Send Video
R L CIRCUIT DESIGN
Why do computers only use 0 and 1?
Are low volume products RoHS exempt in the EU?
Options For Controlling an RC Car
How to create a wirless audio headphone
AC / DC adaptor, unexpected voltmeter reading
Alternative to A4988 stepper motor driver?
vias directly on SMD pads?
Using WiFi adapter to capture different wireless traffic
Wiring different CREE LEDs together
Calculating range of two's complement
Lithium Ion Battery Charging Practices
Scale 30-50 mV signal to 0-5 V range
What is the difference between a T-Carrier and a Digital Signal?
Is a large hFE value a sign of damage?
Assembly Language Program Design
I need help matching parts
Help Choosing a mosfet
Does this setup create time distortion?
Implementation ideas for software defined radios
Transmission (TX) halts using FTDI 232RL with ATmega328-PU
Why does connecting batteries in series result in doubled current sourcing while shorting?
Running router out of its case
Laptop power supplies - why the spectrum of voltages and connectors?
Merge a differential pair into one signal
Measuring Resistance of a Wire With an ADC
Why are we still using resistors with %5 tolerance while they can even manufacture a 14.318182MHz crystal?
Why do R and C have to be small for differentiator circuit
Concatenate signal n times in Verilog
Peak detector (peak event)
Amplifying signal from CO2 Sensor
Distance measurement to liquid plastic
Add external antenna to router with only internal antennas?
Can a faraday cage cell phone case protect wearer against possibly harmful signals?
Microchip fabrication
How do I prevent line wrapping in HSPICE output tables?
Whats the most interesting to build with 7400 series
What is a USB transceiver?
Keeping power to arduino after mains shutdown
How are current and voltage related to torque and speed of a brushless motor?
VHF Direction finding circuit
How to measure power consumed by mains device
Increasing the Watch Dog Timeout PIC 16F877A - CCS PIC C
When using a Laptop, is it desirable to keep it charged from the Mains all the time?
Timer Interrupt being called everytime - Pic16F877A and CCS PIC C
comparator schematic symbol
Generate an n bit random number in Verilog
How can I measure battery voltage with my MCU?
Measure Lithium ion battery voltage (thus remaining capacity)
How to diagnose and repair a radio?
Multiple motor speed control with a single triac
What is the basic difference between AM and FM radio?
Help needed optimising simple current limiting circuit
Soft-CPU verification
What do solid/striped lines on a wire indicate?
Single cell e-ink type components?
What is "rabbit ear" in a video-capture context?
Battery in parallel with main power source
TTL voltage shift from 5 to 3.3 Volts "UART"
Current limiters using transistors and diodes
How does range affect Xbee's power consumption?
Product design requirements to pass FCC regulations
Determining the truth table and simplifying logic expressions (full adder)
CATV Voltage Levels
Connecting multiple grounds
Wheel encoder using an IR sensor
Why don't interfering radio stations both play at the same time?
Auto-charge 8.2V Lithum-ion battery pack
Beginner Kirchoff Voltage Law in DC circuit
Making a wireless clicker to use in presentations, suggestions?
Is this a proper way to connect a piezo speaker to MCU?
Understanding CS5463's basic circuit power supply
How do I write KVL in this circuit?
Does an Electron really travel thousands of Miles when I use a server in another Country?
Charging capacitor bank with current limiting circuit
What limit switches would be necessary for use in series with a DeWalt 20V cordless drill battery?
Internal difference in a diode
Is this an RC filter?
Do Xbox 360 Slim power supplies output 5V until connected to Xbox?
3 minute switch/timer
Mains doorbell to Arduino
H-Bridge Drive Power Flowing Up Logic
Creating a component library which includes distinct elements
Center tap vs. bridge transformer
Designing a power supply (zener) to achieve steady 6V (\$\pm\$ 0.01)
What is high side current limiting?
Understanding electric DC gear motor for project
CAN driver - error passive state
Designing a GSM PCB antenna
How to do pulling up or down correctly when interfacing a microSD card?
Can I Stack these two Arduino Shields?
Pour-and-drain conformal coating as an alternative to potting
What shift register ICs am I looking for?
Finding capacitors with low soakage (dielectric absorption)
Programming languages for electronics engineers
Detecting the placement of my finger on an invisible grid
Conductive Lubricant for Connectors?
'Voltage Fuse' or better
Getting into Analog Design/Electronics
Questions about heterodyne receivers
Why not run high power truck-mounted electronics from the truck's engine?
Why use a double fuse for a relay-controlled heater?
Implementing a network of RF receiver/transmitters
ATmega 8: target doesn't answer 1
How do I disable clearance check for a layer or for only some certain elements?
3.7 Volt external battery to charge a another 3.7 Volt Phone Battery?
Instrumentation Amplifier with Common Mode Feedback output
DC-DC Up-Conversion without Switching Electronics
Understanding CS5463's acquisition circuit
LT3080 regulator question
24 channel PWM IC
How can I measure the temperature wirelessly inside a piece of meat?
CREE LED and Driver
Cycle-Accurate Power Estimation for Altera Devices
Modifying an old phone to draw less power?
Cheap programmable GPS unit?
In LCD Display,scrolling only one line
Arduino - pin13 is HIGH by default
Using both edges of a clock
What is clock skew, and why can it be negative?
how to connect 4-20mA signals to my PC
How to read a gyro/accelerometer
What's the deal with this beamed mains transformer design?
Sending data from RN-171 in adhoc mode
How do I convert 6V DC to 12V DC in a relatively small form factor.
When is an input signal considered small for BJT and JFET devices?
How to explain the difference in modeling small signals for BJT and JFET devices?
Recommend motor type to turn baby rocker, into auto-rocker
RS485 Cable Lengths and Reflections
CANopen frame format?
Do you need to UL Certified the enclosure with the board inside?
Will moving transformer to separate case reduce noise in opamp-based circuit?
Router Speed Controllers
Inductive choke with bypass capacitors?
My amplifier produced a negative gain when it should be positive. Why?
In a Boost Converter, where is most of the heat dissipated?
Power Line Crackle
Captive Nut For PCB Grounding
Using a 555 instead of 7555
Why did aliasing occur at a frequency before the Nyquist cutoff?
What to look for in a motor?
Do I have to break up my Block RAMs to get full device utilization?
Looking for a program that can simulate a Verilog HDL file
Can somebody explain what IQ (quadrature) means in terms of SDR?
What will happen if I apply 220 dc voltage to a 220 ac load?
transferring raw schematic to breadboard and PCB
Problem with a Relaxation Oscillator (using Op Amp)
Error in using Arduino virtual wire
What is the part number for a SIO connector?
Selecting AVR microcontroller with or without PicoPower?
Outrunner motor
Basic equipment for getting started in digital electronics/microprocessors
Placement of Vias to Connect Ground Planes
555 trigger frequency signal
What is this IC?
Replacing D cell batteries with power adaptor
Sawtooth traces on a PCB
Was Benjamin Franklin wrong (about conventional current)?
CMOS inverter with gate of PMOS transistor always grounded
Where do I find a list of Arduino DIY shields
New C++ (C++11) and embedded electronics
Identify a light emitting component
Protecting diode bridge from higher current
Using Xilinx ISE tools, "does not have a port named" error
Identify this flat connector
Need explanation on how to flash HEX files on ATmega32u4 via AVR109 protocol
What type of arduino board do I need?
Advice for building a dual rail, +- 10V, regulated, DC power supply, 25mA
Anyone know who makes ICs labelled 'Hi'
Verilog design decision - where should my counter be located?
24-pad, 0.5mm pitch: better to use QFN or BGA?
Why is my simple boost converter giving me such a high peak output voltage?
Solid State Relay Question
LM7812 power regulator 28v to 12 dc-dc converter wrong output
Turn on a relay when the output is high
Synchronising GPIO transitions to an external clock
Torque measurement device calibration
Current/milliamp rating of adapter versus device requirement
Driving a large 7 segment display using a micro-controller
Dual primary / dual secondary transformer heat up
Is this display broken or is it a bug?
What use is the reference node in nodal analysis?
Connector guide?
Arduino + gyro/accelerometer == flight controller ...?
Building block components for robot sensors and controllers
Getting high current pulses from a low current source?
Using a diode or resistor, to supply minimal voltage to LED Driver (Help!)
Suggestions for 1-5 km range wireless communication?
Using both RS232 and USB for one device
Multiplexing 2 digit 7Segment with one Bit
PWM timer problem with HCS08 - freescale
How can I repair my old tube TV safely?
DHT11 Humidity/Temperature Sensor Interface with PIC18F4620
Verilog - A line stays high, I need it to go low after a while
when will the frequency of a wireless signal change?
PIC 18F4620 with LCD
Special switch based firmware update
Is there any motor which moves slowly and gives strong torque?
Can't read written data out of 24AA1025
IR LEDs for illumination, as used in night-vision cameras
FM Transmitter Modulation
Remote control led has 3 volt power source output I need it to switch on a 12 volt power source to power led array
Best IDE for 32-bit microcontroller on Linux
TCIP6C595 replacement
STM32 NVIC interrupts after a reset / power-on
What's this connector pictured called?
Critique of my Data logger's Power circuit design
Short circuit protection on a charging line
Recording Servo/Motor movement with arduino
Can i use a SSR for switching a fluorescent light?
Multiple 4-Digit 7 Segment Displays with Arduino
Propeller from Parallax Inc.(P8X32A-D40) books
Does it always make sense to constrain an I/O port?
What is a typical example of a combinatorial feedback loop?
How do you mount an LED
How do commercial microprocessors meet timing with a gigahertz clock?
USB micro B receptacle has 6 mounting tabs. How many do I actually need to ground?
What are these two white screws on a ps3 power supply?
What does "process" mean in PVT?
What's the best way to virtually design and test your circuits?
Are all voltage reference ICs able to sink as well as source current?
Possible to reliably run USB over a non-standard USB cable?
Identify a cylinder or thick washer for bolts
Initial experiments with an oscilloscope
What is the main downfall of using QPSK rather than DQPSK in fiber optics?
Voltage Controlled Oscillators
How do remote access devices work without a cellular connection or internet
Block Diagrams with offset in control theory
Parallel port output
Placement of undervoltage monitor and cutoff
Sampling 133MHz bus with OWLS Logic Analyser
Using an open-collector output from one IC to trigger a level change on the input pin of another IC?
Is it advisable to stay stick to Arduino IDE?
Capsense behind glass
through hole soldering vertical fill problem ground and pwer planes connected points
Creating a footstep piano
need a mini edge connector for my pcb
What are the practical uses of ASIC?
Mimic human capacitance
"USB is also a serial communication method" is this true?
Multi-Port RAM (1 write port, many read ports)
Inverting the logic of the inhibit pin on TI PTR08100W
5V-tolerant ARM
replacement soldering iron tips?
Mixed signal PCB layout for PSoC
Zener Diode three terminal application
Can you charge a battery to run a device at 5V from the USB port?
What is this strange long wire for in a single induction cooking unit?
Output filters for power supply design
Are capacitors and inductors capable of absorbing positive power?
L298 H-Bridge not working
What's passive about the passive sign convetion?
How to feed laptop + bulb with solar energy?
Voltage/Amperage load rating
AC, DC, what else?
Importance of constant collector current (BJT)
How do I properly use Sharp GP2Y0A21YK0F sensor?
Collector current in linear region
Setting the internal oscillator speed on PIC12F1822
JST to JST connector
cutoff state of transistor
CAN bus system causing me extra work!
Ground problems in kitchen
Output Impedance of a Digital Output
What problems could occur when chaining 40 shift registers?
Separating the Grounds for 2 Chips
Troubleshooting why ADuM4160's internal regulator gives 5 V instead of 3.3 V
What does "net current" mean?
3 phase computer chip
Power measurement with buffered solution
Comparing A to Kwh, can it be done?
Parallel charge a serial pack, LiFePO4
Driving a single-relay board with Raspberry Pi
Why do I get feedback in my speakers in my car?
Multiplexing two 7-Segment displays (Ghosting issues)
What is meant by relative voltage?
Do you think this board can be done in 2-layer or should I go to 4-layer?
LCD/display for a digital thermometer-like device
Why not use a ferrite bead around an RS-232 cable?
Can this used with Arduino to send SMS to phone?
Transmitting pulses via RS485
Antenna coil resonant for 134.2KHz
Gyro for Arduino
"is not declared" error in Verilog
USB cable as +5v vcc source
Need a device that can take single input and covert to a keyboard key press on USB
Is there a generic software for LED banners?
Is this a good design for MOSFET H-Bridge?
How to fake an encoder signal with one function generator?
What is the dependency of the gate leakage current and the gate voltage?
How to use a sensor in order to detect if a mechanical component has moved?
Pulling a pin to 12 V using 3.3V
Solution for adapting to USB current draw limits?
Why V rms instead of V average?
Using MAX232 to fix prolific usb to serial voltage levels
high voltage Buck-Boost converter
How to split Analog and Digital GND planes for a TQFN device
usb2 specification - is it backwards compatible
NTE2013 base inputs
Energy conversion from Electrical to Mechanical
RANDOM command in PBASIC
Using CMOS IC in a TTL circuit
Need help to identify ZNR
Motherboard and BIOS
Is it possible to make a usb charger to power multiple devices?
High Quality Free PCB Software Download
M.S. Math to Engineering Ph.D : Mathematics in Electrical Engineering
Radiation Resistance of a Straight Wire Antenna
How does random memory access of RAM work?
Verify Truth Table: Switches and LED
circuit for multimeter without a ic or a timer like ic741 or 555 timer
Making an echo sketch using SoftwareSerial and Bluetooth
Why do TQFP and TFQN have different advice regarding analog ground?
Learn C programming before start learning Microcontroller/Embedded Systems
Can I use LPDDR with Cyclone III FPGA?
Simulating an automotive load dump with a bank of charged capacitors?
What is the name of this springy type oscilloscope probe accessory?
Make linker use bank 0 in relocatable mode
How can I achieve very bright light?
Cheapest way to wirelessly transmit video
Why does changing an 'add' to a logical or devour 7 CPLD macrocells?
Bluetooth or Wi-Fi or other protocol signal detector
Identify the brand & model of this transformer
Why is RZ-DPSK more nonlinear tolerant than NRZ-DPSK?
Identifying an irreducible circuit?
Simplifying a relay network
Rover 5 Robot Platform Motor Controller
equivalent load resistance
Does VGA have to be drawn at 60hz?
Non-conductive pads in datasheet?
What is the easiest way to increase the Voltage output of this power supply?
Driving LEDs at long distance
Why does increasing sampling density in the frequency domain separate overlapping artifacts in the spatial domain?
What sensors are commonly used for vehicle detection?
The best stack-up possible with a four-layer PCB?
Send GPS coordinates via VHF
Which WiFi Module?
diy 110 volt tester
Satellite earth station problem
Lighting up an old vacuum tube
Using AVR reset pin as ADC
Linear Circuit Analysis: Source Transformation
What values of resistor and capacitor to use for AVR reset pin isolation?
VCD files - flatten busses to individual nodes
mc1322x on Contiki-os, development environment
What microprocessor for experimentation?
Mesh network with high data rate on 868MHz
Center tap split supply question
FPGA programming, where to begin
If I change the chipset of a USB product, should I change idProduct or bcdDevice?
Why is LED lighting up despite Supply voltage < Forward voltage
Wiring Considerations for numerous LED's
What is the effect of Saturation on a Ferrite Bead Inductor?
Print a PCB layout several times in the same sheet at once in Proteus
Determining Battery holder wiring?
Circuit to assign hardware addresses
AC'97 front panel dongle to IntelHD
What use are the transistors in this (LM317 based) power supply circuit?
Can a home security system be built with an arduino? (40 sensors maximum, usb interface to pc)
Before storage why should a Lithium Polymer battery be charged up to only 40-60%
Risk of overloading a usb charger
High power LED's and a computer Power Supply?
Vacuum tube LED flasher
Transmit video wirelessly from on board camera over short distance
How to store audio data for AVR project?
How is wristwatch with 10 years battery life possible?
On high voltage power lines, what is "residual power"?
Where can I get WirelessHART systems?
Why are lightbulbs considered resistive load?
Specify exact pin locations on FPGA
Specify include path in Quartus II
Simple Differentiator with OpAmp - response function
Home project using current transformers
Can one use a current transformer of 1A for a 5A input
How to disable a single op-amp in dual packaging?
Which is pin 2 on a Harwin Datamate connector?
Synthesis using Synopsis
Possible to tap a PLL signal as a clock for multiple devices
What's wrong with this casting in C code for AVR?
What is a reasonable ohmage measurement for a microphone on a PC headset?
microcontrollers to start with
Quartus II: Customise compiler messages
real time clck -RTC DS 1307- to Arduino
Is it possible to shortcircuit/damage an EMV card without a current source?
how to use a spectrum analyzer?
Which 3.3V I/O standard should I use?
How to effectively generate random number with PICAXE 08M2?
Are there any dangers to consider when replacing a permanent AA NiMH battery?
I think my XBee XSC is broken. Am I missing something?
Why don't wires have to be "covered" when making an inductor?
7mm, low-cost, Linux-capable ARM SoC with stacked RAM?
bluetooth earphone with usb
Quartus II ignoring synthesis attribute noprune
DECFSZ won't work on PIC16LF1823
What is the I/O standard for the PCIe data lines?
How do I program an atmega8 using Arduino Uno
switch debouncing - would toggle switch still bounce
Is it OK to rely on an ADC's internal protection diodes?
Voltage divider for Xbee's ADC - what resistor values?
Arduino Uno replace with Atmega8
Do I need to solder on my DE2 board to replace a broken segment?
How is my crystal layout looking?
Move servo relative to current position (analog)
Basic schematic help
What is Power Supply Rejection Ratio and how does a high PSRR help me?
Safe to connect SDR to home Cable?
Motor shield R3 does not supply full power
USB hosting options
boosting 3.7V to 12V
What effect does switching frequency have on a switching booster circuit?
Measuring Arduino internal voltage reference with respect to Vcc
Replacing MOSFET with tube
Why is this MOSFET's "pullup" resistor necessary?
Why do i need an endstop sensor with stepper motor?
Possible to output sinusoidal signal with an Arduino?
Looking for help on why my n-channel mosfet is getting destroyed
PIC32 I2C not operating as expected
Keep SPI/TWI master active?
What is a good way for the mcu to determine which hardware version it is running on?
How long a lead may be used to connect a component to a circuit?
How to interface with ultra-low voltage microcontrollers?
Which is the best PCB software to generate gerber file?
how to purchase simple custom devices with low quantities?
detecting if an object is present using a sensor of some sort
Making a HDMI switch basic question
keep bathroom fan running for a few minutes after power off
8284 Clock Generator Output wave
Looking for a 24vac switch from 3v inputs
Inferring BUFGMUX in Xilinx FPGAs for Clock Multiplexing
Is there a PADS version for students
How do you remove the buzzer from this PCB whose solder side is inaccessible?
4-layer board in PCB Editor - do I need custom vias?
PICAXE 8 Pin Proto Kit
Chip antenna on breadboard
Measuring Power from Altera Dev. Kit (CycloneIII)
Proper use of a voltage regulator
Protoboard components being used for applications with high current
How to implement and tune a LC band-stop filter?
Is analog SPDT IC switch same as mechanical relay?
MOSFET IRF7832 to turn on LED strip
Is it possible to have a device with metal case and wireless charging?
Testing a CD4018B
Programming ATtiny84 using Arduino (Leonardo)
How critical is the layout of USB data lines / how does my layout look?
Control a C program on a PC with external digital/analog inputs
Arduino USB host get raw events
Help me interpret this part of the USB + Power Standard
power supply cut-off in umbilical power cord to tube amp
Choosing my first oscilloscope
Thinest insulator between metal case and PCB?
SPI: effective payload throughput per clock tick?
Via fences for noise reduction of a chip antenna?
chip antenna exposing U.FL male?
What is the slip factor for an induction generator in an island network?
In the logarithmic compressor in PCM, which law is used in countries other than the US, Canada and European countries?
Is this 'pmod' connector standard?
Interface 5v digital pulses to keyboard contacts?
CPLD best practice for resetting a counter
PSU with unspecified max safe amperage
Is frequency for dc zero Hz?
Wirelessly activate devices using light weight and low-power solution
What are the advantages of having two ground pours?
How to feed an SPI TFT display a signal from a composite video source
Floating point ADC
Is there a way to wire a digital display into a thermistor input to read the value of that thermistor?
Alternative to inductor on IC
Optical switch for visible light from multiple endoscopes
Faraday Cage - Detecting one
230V AC to 5V DC converter, lossless
How would I condition the signal from an accelerometer for a microphone input?
Can someone help me understand this H-Bridge?
Need to automatically switch a 12v 1amp dc pulse between 2 alternating outputs
How to measure phase difference of two signals of the same frequency in an FPGA?
SD card sector address vs. physical location
Writing a VHDL Module
Why is the voltage across a reverse biased diode equal to source voltage?
What is the right way for measure Phase angle?
GPRS antenna for bluetooth module
What electric part is on this manhole cover?
ringer circuit old telephone
Small Wireless Gyroscope & Accelerometer
IC for converting single phase to three phase
Does anyone have a manual or spec regarding an NEC JAPAN D78P0308GF
using led stripes with external battery: any side effects?
How do I control several hundred individual leds with Arduino(s)?
LED light sensor to detect goal scored
What is the universal name for this cable and where can I get PCB connectors for them?
Voltage regulator for linear constant-current (1.5A) LED driver?
Why is air pump making high pitch when it is overloaded?
connect headphone to bluetooth module
Satisfactory Margin for Traces from PCB Edge
Impedance of 4 conductor system spaced horizontally apart
P-Channel MOSFET high side switch
Carry Look ahead adder Propagate & Generate Outputs
What is this solid white glue
Can I use an ELV dimmer to dim an electronic switching power supply for LEDs
4-Input NAND Gate Reduction
Trying to build gps tracking device
What material and current do I need for a diy plant heater?
Arduino Serial print changes behavior of program undesireably
Transistor setup for large motor circuit
Why do standard cells typically have slower timing with high temperature, and faster timing with low temperature?
Using BLE module by blueradios
How to convert a three wire hall effect sensor to a 2 wire sensor?
Reasons for Popularity of PowerPC for Embedded Designs
Find total resistance
Processor Running C Natively
Turning a microcontroller on with a flip flop
Can you store energy in an inductor and use it later?
Generic Active Probes
Why is impedance represented as a complex number?
Amplitude modulator for a sine wave generator
Changing frequency on RF Link
How to power an arduino controlled string of RGB LED's from separate power source
What are pump probe measurements?
Ground/short circuit confusion
Stepping from 5 V / 1000 mA to 3 V / 750 mA
Replacing a battery in a UPS
Audio pickup for safe cracking
Altium: Position components following Step/DXF File
Touching Person-to-Person
Current/Voltage measuring using Ammeter/Votmeter
Does the weight of a mass effect the transfer function of a vertical mass-spring-damper system?
How do you make the LEDs come on for a PS/2 keyboard?
Questions about RF receiver design
How to design an RC snubber for a solenoid relay driving an inductive load?
GPIO and relay quesiton
How to connect together: Raspberry, Arduino, PC PSU, Usb Hub, Usb Hdd - without issues?
Effect of Quantisation of a Signal on the Estimated Spectrum
Vapour-tight lustre block connection
RFI/AC Filter Rejection for Instrumenation Amplifiers
What would happen if the output leads of a multi-phase transformer were shorted together?
home brew isolated oscilloscope lead
TDA7386 mounting
What do you call the drawing which contains tracks, pads and drilling points of a PCB layer/side?
How do I choose the right replacement fuse for my multimeter?
Effect of decreasing input voltage of transformer on output voltage
Can you use an opto-coupler to isolate the incoming supply from the output
Logistical issue with power transistor and arduino
Making two Arduinos talk over SPI
Increase Microcontroller frequency and Speed
Transferring from Serial to RF communication
How do I construct a SPICE model from a data-sheet?
Why do some laptop charges have ferrite cores on them?
Any website resource to find diode/transistor replacement from through-hole to SMD footprint?
Electricity consumption of electrical machines - why do they consume electricity when they are not turned on?
Are CMOS outputs high-Z when unpowered?
3.3V Power Failover Supply with USB Li-Ion Charger
Affordable stereo vision camera for industrial applications?
UART receiver clock speed
Using sub 1GHz 6LoWPAN, which development kits are available?
What would be the best approach to align a photomask onto a PCB panel?
Hall-effect switch or photointerrupter
Exporting LTspice waveforms to txt or csv
How to distinguish between voltage resolution and bit resolution
Verilog - Referencing Flattened Busses in Module Instantiation
Does an external interrupt interrupt ADC or does ADC stall interrupt?
Are optical fibers full duplex?
going from 5volt 1A to equivalent from a 3V CR2 Battery
Volatile capacitance values at low frequencies
From a power consumption point of view, which should I use: SSR or Relay?
Sometimes the triac actuator doesn't turn off
Test Cases for 16-bit Ripple Carry Adder
Isolated MOSFET output stage calculations
Arduino as simple VT100 Terminal
Using a transistor instead of a relay to control a DC motor
Strange well pump wiring
Safely testing a DC supply with an unknown output configuration
Do Linear regulators have a minimum current to maintain their output voltage?
Common mode operational amplifier
Servo vs. stepper for camera mount
Capacitor in amplifier transistor
High input resistance - FET
How to calculate the voltage drop of multiple sources
Fast approaches for Soldering / PCB assembly
Hot Air Gun for Reflowing a Board?
Transfer power effectively from one coil to another through air
DIY Electrical Safety
SDRAM advantages
Determing the Phase Angle of the following code:
Are processors designed using different technologies?
Frequency response - finding transfer function
Connecting arduino to power another device
Pulldown resistor on output pin, how does output still work?
reference source for copper conductivity vs. temperature?
Ideas to measure 2D position of an object constrained to X-Y plane
Know any manufacturer of beeswax capacitors?
Optoisolate 2MHz SPI communication
Ways to determine polarity (dc) without a meter
electrical switch controlled remotely via mobile bluetooth arduino
Methods to accurately move an object across a 2-D plane
Alternate programming software to program Altera CPLD
Basic Circuit AND,OR and NOT with 3 LED
Ultrasonic rangefinder (for beginner)
Read analog envelope by 8051
Tracking wandering vulnerable adults
What is causing soldered connections to the power and ground planes to fail specification?
male-male VGA cable wiring
Powering RGB LED's and using a PWM chip; series or parallel?
How is etalon important to tunable lasers?
Feasibility Question and Advice on CAD software
LiPo vs. NiMH for kid's toy
What parameters effect on voltage regulator's temprature?
Phase shifting the common mode signal from an instrumentation amplifier
DIY Reflow soldering
pH sensor with DS18B20 temp compensation on PIC
Impedance waveform
For connecting two micro which one is better, UART or RS232?
How to increase current of a DC circuit
Bluetooth SPP (Serial Port Protocol) and Cobra Tag
How can I find temperature of microcontroller?
voltage leak to MOSFET gate? Fried?
How do I calculate necessary mosfet turn on/turn off time?
Setting the prescaler on timing circuit for LC meter?
Diode between VCC and GND
LED Blinker Duty Cycle
Inductor ground, where to put it
Can Grid Dip Oscillator (GDO) detect WiFi, Bluetooth and NFC?
Antenna that can be used for large range of frequences?
capacitive filter design
RF Antenna Frequency
Log Periodic antenna Design
ATTiny25/45/85 as I2C master AND slave
Connect two Ac to Dc adaptors in series
Q1113 Ir sensor verilog and Fpga board,how to program?
6 channel PWM with USB support
Is it possible to connect a reed switch to two separate arduino boards?
Algorithm for value range mapping
How to find a DIP component implementing this simple logic?
Standalone Barcode Reader that checks against file
Are pull-down resistors included in the mbed USB ports?
Ideas to stack multiple PCBs on top of each other?
How can I superimpose Pulse signal
Measure weights with arduino
TLC 5940 PWM driver blank input and pull-up resistor
Cutting the ground wire in an isolation transformer?
power supply frequency response
Kinect data to a microcontroller
VHDL - How to reduce signal's dependencies and optimize speed?
c18 coding advice / braces error / function declaration help
controlling canon camera
Under Voltage Protection for LiPo Battery
Altium Error? What is this reddish box?
pic memory management examples in C
Magnetic core transfer loops (logic)
Is there a C671x DSP development kit with more than 16M Flash?
Interface a 5v pressure sensor with a 3.3v ADC
Frequency modulation and communication between two microcontrollers
LM3915 to drive more LEDs / basic questions about PNP transistors in saturation
Attaching a LED to PIC's Rx pin
Arduino Uno, weird characters sent to COM (SoftwareSerial)
Can we use PWM on the cheap RX{n}[letter]-TX{n}[letter] Integrated Circuits
CAD Schematic pin arrangement approach
Why does it hase a power supply for the rs232 to rs422?
LED and motor connected in parallel
Best practice design ground and shielding
Covering PCB Pads
FCC and CE Testing / Failure Resolution
How to use an ESC
How do you maintain a constant power supply to a place 24/7 using a generator, commercial power, or solar?
Tunable Lowpass Filter
What is it that strips vocals from audio when a 1/8" audio jack is partially unplugged?
Xbee traffic/bandwidth limitations for a real-time-ish application
What does the third-order intercept point (IP3) tell me?
How can I activate a circuit with a remote control
c18 assembly inside function problem. unidentified label (bit names)
Garage Power is low...any way to boost?
Mains Power indicator maximum current draw
Are 32-bit ALUs really just 32 1-bit ALUs in parallell?
What variable-IF tuner IC can I use for UHF applications?
How does rewinding a smart card antenna into a smaller coil leave it operational?
Is using a 125VAC Kill-A-Watt (Power meter) on a 220VAC network possible?
1-10V fluorescent lighting digital control
Impedance Matching for Short-Low Frequency Traces
Arduino UNO Timer issue
Isolation transformer weirdness
Good FPGA / Microcontroller development board for real time image processing
How much power does DDR3 RAM draw when unused?
UK AC socket for mounting in enclosure
wiring LED's in parallel - need series resistor?
What characteristics of magentic coil is the most important for VLF sensitivity
Best order for PCB power planes?
How many watts will the resistor in this naîve PSU dissipate?
What is the equivalent thevenin resistance of a digital output port on an Arduino Uno R3
Low Voltage Photosensor
light system for stairs
How to read high voltages on microcontroller?
MAX232 circuit, what is the purpose of the capacitors?
Removing USB Plugs Daily
What is the difference between level shifter, voltage regulator and dc-dc converter?
Generate a 200kHz varying voltage signal
Arduino SPI Clock Speed Configuration
Fastest moving averaging techniques with minimum footprint
How to measure -15V to 0V using a microcontroller ADC?
Logic Analyzer / Oscilloscope Suggestions
Sending integers via PIC's USART
Is there any restriction in the choice of Ethernet PHY, depending on the TCP/IP stack?
What is the advantages/disadvantages of the SMB connector against SMA?
Amplifying Signal From Electret Microphone
How do I reliably connect power, ground and signal to a remote device?
What is the usage of Zero Ohm & MiliOhm Resistor?
RS-232 and RS-485 software configurability?
Orientaion Flat on Semiconductor Wafer
Wrong voltage sent to output
Battery powered vending machine. Possible or a pipe dream?
20 Amp automotive thermatic fan PWM controller
develop webcamera with battery and memory to SELF RECORDING (Disc Processing System)
Device including RTC EEPROM and battery?
What is this resistor strip on my helicopter circuit?
Why are there no 256-bit or 512-bit microprocessors?
homemade camera with CMOS module SEN-08667 recording video
Using SMD capacitor as a decoupling capacitor
How to implement an isolated connection matrix
What is the difference between Interrupt on Change and External Interrupt on PICs
How do you resize a part in PSpice?
Driving PWM lights with parallel darlington arrays
Is case grounding compulsory in typical 32.768kHz crystal for Real Time Clock?
Actual amps vs. what is stated on the power supply
Pressure/barometric sensor for coke can stirling engine
Resettable latching switches
What difference does it make to an appliance whether the supply is sinusoidal, or any other shape?
18f4550 comm clarification and advice
How to go from a development board to a production board?
Easier-to-machine alternative to pogo pins?
Directional pickup of human ear?
individual ethernet cable wire uses
Controlling electricity flow via MIDI to power lamps
Difference between differential line transceiver & differential line driver and receiver pairs
Measuring distance at angle
Why do many electronics operate on 5 AND 3.3 Volts?
How to boost audio volume coming from a telephone
Current flow priorities in PSU / PSU review
how a phase delay occurs in capacitors/inductors with visual images
Can I use 16V power adapter for scanners that need 12V?
What is wrong with this MSP430 code?
Microphone replacement
MOSFET or bipolar to drive a solenoid valve?
How to measure microphone output impedance
How analog & Digital Communication Can be through same 2 wires?
What parameters affect battery charge time?
Square wave / Sine wave is more audible
Replace UM 66 IC
How do I exchange LCD display with 7-segment LED's?
Bleeder resistor: switch resistance on when capacitor is powered off?
How do I call a C function in another module from inline assembler in IAR EWARM?
Capture Analog Audio Output from a two-way radio?
communication between 2 arduino crash when external power supply is plugged
Interfacing microcontroller with 1.8V logic
What do I need for a basic RF circuit?
USB-to-Serial cable based on the Prolific chip - Windows 7 driver problem
Purpose of these two transistors
Propeller Chip with Catalina C compiler
How to make a touch screen device with android OS?
How to find macro "usage position" in microchip MPLab
I'm looking for a chip which can play media files stored in a pen drive connected to it on LCD tv
Moving mass storage design from SD/MMC to NAND flash
Reset and Trigger connected in 555 timer circuit
Why does this 7905 giving -12V output?
Using Timer0 overflow to gate Timer1 on PIC12F1822
SDRAM initialization issue (Freescale iMX31)
How is this design for a basic PCB pick and place?
Getting 3.3 (V) from a 5(V) rail - Emitter Follower, or something else?
Can dead mains-to-12V lighting transformers safely be left permanently connected to the main supply?
Fixing/Replacing Conductor Ribbon Cable
Bluetooth module to have microcontroller communicate with Android phone?
Need chargeable momentary 15 watt regulated voltage source
Leaving a RC servo motor idle for long term?
Connecting a telephone to the computer's soundcard to playback music samples while talking
Reviewing an AC dimmer - trying to understand
Watchdog Signature in Flash memory or RAM?
How do I make a small handheld from scratch that I can put a simple homemade game onto?
interfacing MMA7361L with PIC ADC
Determining command constants for serial protocol design
use craftmans 19.2 volt batteries for laptop?
Emulate many-pole, dual throw switch with transistors
Classic essays on electrical and general engineering
Solutions for implementing a USB Mass Storage Device
Fabricating control panels
how to calculate value of capacitor and inductor in a high power LC circuit?
USB serial emulation: CDC or vendor-specific?
Low voltage oscillator for joule thief
PCB-less prototyping with surface mount components (like DFN)
Checking for short vs long press with debounce
pwm problem in mikroC -pic-
What limits the modulation of digital signals?
LEDs, Reverse Polarity, and Battery Life
How do I use an Arduino to switch another IC's pin (reset) to ground?
emi standards/best practices for PC cases
What is the basic difference between Inductive and capacitive touch screen?
Single-phase to 3-phase conversion
Use 3.5V power LED connection on motherboard to control a 12V lighting accessory in a computer case?
7 segment display flickering when using switching power supply
Parallel port controls a relay
How to improve torque and RPM of a DC motor?
How do I choose my optocoupler to drive a solenoid with a MOSFET?
DC-DC converter with 200V output?
How does an embedded application and RTOS communicate with each other?
LED circuit with 17 parallel diodes
How does a TFT panel work?
How to switch LEDs without using relays
Protection of ADC inputs
How do I protect power out connector from having power in connected to it?
Laptop charger with broken ground prong
Simple transistor & capacitor circuit question
Control differences between ac induction motor and brushless dc motor?
How does the Microsoft Surface table detect objects?
Do transparent electronic paper displays exist as a commercial product?
How do I calculate how long my robot's battery will last?
What is the lowest capacitor voltage rating that is safe to use?
Need help designing a current controlled source in PSpice?
Factors impacting propagation/gate delay
Crimp-on wire splitter?
How does one get started with electrical engineering?
Testing a 0.3W, 8ohm speaker?
Advanced Math in day to day Electronics?
Transmission of different messages with the SAME ID on a CAN bus
I want a usb system that will physically reboot my computer
Arduino EthernetServer with interrupt
Digital signal controller with GNU toolchain?
Is this a serial LCD?
Can I replace all electrolytic capacitors with ceramic ones?
Arduino, GSM quadband module and gas sensor connection anyone?
What is wrong with my D flip-flop toggle switch?
How to use an audio codec as an ADC?
What microcontroller can connect directly to a USB port?
Why don't gas pumps spark and explode?
The appropriate code (Arduino) of Xbee
First Order RL Circuit
Interfacing signals between two parts at different voltage levels
Determine 4p4c wiring
Inductive Reactance
How can I find the stored energy in a 2d triangle that has a different electric potential at each point?
Circuit with switching MOSFET not working
Total Voc and Vmp with charge controller
Can I and how to install a bypass diode on a solar panel?
How to determine the value of termination resistor?
Grounding a DIY power supply
MOSFET switch with two on/off momentary buttons -- asking for critique
How do the open loop voltage gain and closed loop voltage gain differ?
What is inside a telephone handset?
What's the best approach to implementing a remote control lock?
Switched bleeder resistor on a capacitive power supply
Driving 50W-250W ultrasonic transducers with sine: Any Class B 135KHz monolithic power amp ICs?
pull up resistor issue?
Common Mode Rejection Ratio of op-amp
3 phase induction motor with one phase
How realistic is a 4 ports charging only USB hub mount inside a wall outlet box?
Is unshielded untwisted pair cabling fine for audio?
FTDI Chip to Serial port
Is it possible to design a switch circuit with XNOR's truth table value?
How to Synchronise phases of main and ups?
Voltage, Ampere and and Ohm of a DC motor
Interfacing 3.3V Flex 6000 FPGA to a 5V CMOS DSP (Multivolt IO Question)
Does the size of the data bus control the maximum value the CPU can process?
MSP430 programming under Linux - mspdebug fails to connect to programmer
What is the origin of on and off power switch symbol?
Is a switch considered an active component?
Deciphering Part Names in BOM
ADC registers setup using spi communication
Setting a part's VCC slightly lower than board's supply voltage
Spice model, can't figure it out
robots communicating with each other
voltage determining solenoid force?
What is semantics behind BJT and MOSFET transistor symbols?
Pulse-powering heavy loads with a coin cell
Working circuit needs more current
Measuring high frequency current with Adrunio
74LVC1G125 on the arduino wireless shield?
What is wrong with my 2-bit adder?
What is the purpose of marking the positive terminal of an 50% duty cycle oscillating source?
What is this resistor for in this circuit?
AC polarity detection
What's the relationship between harmonic distortion and intermodulation distortion?
Manage Software Installs of your Semi Mass Manufactured Product
Cheap wireless module for M2M communication
Regarding Arduino Uno - Counter
How to Protect an ADC Input from Overvoltage
How do I calculate the power rating for zero-ohm resistors?
feedback resistor
electret condenser microphone plugged directly into arduino
PIC18f4520 programming error
image sensor line problem
counter giving erratic results for frequency measurement using Atmega32
How do i control a pressure?
What is the difference between VA and W for a relay
Xmega Port Read/Write
Are there any micro-controllers produced by companies based in the UK?
Input and Output pin voltage specs on a datasheet
Maximum effective range of RG-6/U in CCTV
Making Arduino UNO read-only
How can V-USB screw up the built-in SPI of an ATmega328p?
Sending IR signals to Robosapien using Arduino
Fundamental question about circuits and grounding
Routing Current to Many Individual Channels
Scaling voltage to meet two conditions at once
Can we generate enough electricity to light up street lights by means of a dynamo being rotated by car wheels?
Simulating a simple test bench with a synthesized ROM core
SWD debugging solution
How do I power a LCD Backlight inverter (got from a disasembled LCD screen)
Throttling data from USB serial connection on STM32 microcontroller (flow control)
Simulate Headphone Load
How to detect SD Card Insertion Without Leakage Current
Alternative to optocoupler? Other switching devices?
Difference between superscalar and multi-core?
Basic Arduino question
What part/actuator do you think they used
How should unused I/O pins be configured on ATMega328P for lowest power consumption?
Voltage regulators in SPICE software
Logic gate counter on 7 segment display
Op-amp inverter amplifier, low current, with AC noise at 50Hz
Buspirate Logic Analyzer Mode Issue
How to hook up circuit to drive 5x7 1 Watt White LED
How to ensure my device is safe for every day use?
components within a triangle in an electronics diagram
My design is not meeting timing. What can I do?
How can I use a 12 V input on a digital Arduino pin?
Which of these approaches for a watchdog timer?
Why the arc when bonding-on during high voltage repairs?
If I turn a AA around will it drain or damage electronics?
Why ground is positive on this part?
Characterizing raw op amp gain
Which component can control the heat of a hot plate?
Does Arduino need the bootloader if programmed with programmer?
Is this an OK ICSP circuit?
Can't get upload code to Arduino UNO from Ubuntu 12.04
Verilog: Data Transfer using inout ports
What is this opamp circuit with diode?
How to build impedance meter
How is this Pushbutton Debounce code?
Power Supply Design
Tips for constructing small PCBs with only one SOIC
Avoiding false optical rotary encoder readings
"Faster" Arduino bootloader
does PIC require MAX232 for uart?
Light switch setup for bedroom
Arduino Leonardo in Eclipse VID and PID missing?
Can electronics survive in cooking oil?
Do I power a stepper motor with 24V and Arduino?
Upgrading from Altera DE2 to DE2-115
CPU Flash Memory Connection
How do I choose an appropriately sized stepper motor?
How does program execution happen in firmware?
RC Circuit, finding time it takes for Voltage across capacitor to rise from 0 to 5V
Effective use of output signal of a watchdog timer
switching solenoid through transformer
Can a transformer be placed next to RF module?
Behavior of RLC circuit elements at t = 0
How does " The Fruit Battery" work?
Choosing a microcontroller for a project
Writing to parallel port with minimum latency
Battery Power for RC Car
How can I determine the resistance needed to heat a wire to a specific temperature?
application of current source and current sink concepts
Conductive object to raise 6mm height off PCB
Lowering voltage linear
Two Wi-Fi adapters on a single chip
problem with printing function return value
Sponge-thing that makes buttons pop back out is torn, any fix?
What is bit banging
how to check SPI signals
Minimal ARM circuit requirements
What causes jitter?
Minimization of Logical Equations
Photo eye hysteresis
Mirror-inverted and wrong-colored display
Basic code to switch LED for PIC18f4550 C18 not working
Designing with AC'97 - why does it not have a (FIFO) buffer?
Calculating SNR for ADC samples
Breadboard type of connector
Function to describe alkaline battery voltage under constant current / load
How to re-generate a previously saved SIRC protocol waveform?
Will the negative charge on the capacitor be neutralized?
Circuit analysis - software?
Circuit explanation, role of the trimpot and capacitor, as shown in a part of the circuit
What's the difference between a microprocessor and a CPU?
Time delayed optionally postponable from a second input
Using IntelliJ to for Arduino IDE
Problem with while loop
How to go about designing an impedance matching circuit for microphones
How to build SIPO from RS
Turn on LED when an electrode or contact is submerged in saltwater
transformer conservation of power
Does anyone know the part number for the package with marking code "MAAC A65A"?
ultra low noise reference and supply voltage with multiple ldo's in parallel
How to test an atmega (arduino) i2c network
How does the Processor unit identify if the decoded instructions when it wants the next instruction?
Can I stack two l293d h-bridge IC's to drive more current?
Do I need to double the voltage with double the motors?
Selecting power supply unit for an embedded system
Pipeline and real parallelism?
Heating up a container - most efficient
HEF4060B counter doesn't count
'Stiffening' capacitor/s for DIY flash battery pack?
Why is my negative peak detector behaving poorly?
stack cache instead of registers
IR LED - phototransistor problem
Using a Keyboard in a 556 Stepped Tone Generator
Precise timing with a PIC18 microcontroller?
how can I made a 12vdc to 19vdc booster/regulator?
Turning on a salvaged computer power supply (Apple 8100 - SMP 220DB 8100 Series)
Finding datasheets for these transistors
Creating a programmable gain amplifier with a digital pot and an op amp
a circuit which connect one usb to two cpu
how do you sent a tweet from arduino via arduino wifi shield?
Which is better for the 555, a smaller capacitor or a larger one?
Microcontroller shutting down in etched circuit, but works as expected in breadboard circuit
Types of amplifier
What type of DC-DC converter should I use for solar MPPT?
How to do a simple overcurrent protection/circuit breaker circuit for 12V 1-2A?
What are the disadvantages of using a diode bridge for DC polarity?
Developing for an FPGA using Impulse C
Orcad issue while designing schematics
Loop is executing infinite times
What are the pros/cons of C and C++?
For a lower voltage drop one could use Schottky diodes, but what are the disadvantages of Schottky's?
controlling a 8051 microcontroller through bluetooth
20x20 RGB LED Matrix controller project
Designing Pick-and-Place-friendly CAD library parts
Amplifying RTD signal to fit ADC range
hierarchy of op-amps choice for class use
How can I get this button to be more reliable for my arduino program?
Oscilloscope reading not what I expect
Driving a Turntable with a Two-Phase, Bipolar Stepper
Flash an LED to music
Slow charging a li-po battery
Solving PMOS Analysis Problem
What is the physical representation of the heap and the stack?
Adding Wifi+ Micro-controller to a device in an economical but production-able way
Driving a LED with an open drain digital output
5v relay to be driven from a limited supply of 20mA which requires 200mA of latching current
How do the lights on stairs work?
Common ground between battery and AC/DC adapter
Drive relay when "key" is connected
HV DC power supply
Should I use a parallel or serial connection?
Designing 14.8v Li-ion battery charger + 5v power regulator for Raspberry Pi (of other 5v device)
Using GPIO in PC
Will an opening fuse cause an inductive kick, or not?
Analog to digital conversion
stepper motor overheating
Electronically controlled pneumatic lift, or something similar
Can pins (breadboard friendly) be added to non-drilled pads?
(Bad) counting digital pulses with Arduino using interrupts and a 4 pin switch
Ethernet (100 Mb/s) through relays
Computer Controlled Large Slow Stepper Motor
What is causing the oscillation in the feedback loop of an SMPS?
Automatic Rotating Platform
Multiplex Seven Segment Display Fast enough to make Solid
Current measurement in component level of an embedded system
Arduino connect to internet without ethernet shild
Why does a transformer's ratio change?
preserving printed circuit boards
clarification about amdahl's law
Replacing (and perhaps upgrading) bad capacitors within a speaker system?
Basic ac circuit analysis
What is the sample rate of my ATmega88's ADC?
Power LED from EMF?
Capacitive touchscreen
Formula calculation and printing negative value.
Any reason power supplies always use single sided PCB's?
How to test if the voltage in a circuit is a certain amount
Can a lead-acid battery charger be used for "Gel" type?
TRIAC dimmer, circuit design help (resistive load)
Soldering 0.5mm pitch ICs using stencil and reflow oven
Driving a power transistor with 2sc945
Proper shielding techniques for chassis grounded equipment located 30 feet apart
Multiplex dip switch input to microcontroller
What does it mean for amplifiers to be stable only down to N gain, where N > unity?
What's the name of this small connector?
What's the use of the bypass capacitor on the LM380 amplifier?
Problem with MPLAB's toolsuite
Integrating Signals
Gerber to DXF converter
What is the NCV prefix?
High-pitched noise from boost converter. Need your help
MOSFET Over Heating. So hot it's melting the solder
Use transistor to auto swap power source
Unexpected pulses in the output signal from IR Detector
Logic Analyzer Basics
DIY small motor that turns for x seconds every y seconds
Exam question: measure amplifier \$h_{oe}\$ using a signal generator and oscilloscope
simple triac current limiter
Connecting a 12.5VDC switch output to a GlobalStar SmartOne GPS unit
Can FPGAs dynamically modify their logic?
Why is the Triode operating region of a MOSFET named such?
Fet array operation
What kind of diode to use with ADC inputs
Can I add buttons to the Arduino ide that automates selection of serial port, board then compiles and uploads
LED light strip at a distance from power
1S Lipo Powered BLDC Motor Control?
Critique my Soft-start circuit
Designing a simple ALU
How do I dead bug solder this SOT-23 to my PCB?
Arduino serial via python not working
Which battery type for high power and fast charging?
Would replacing a resistor by another one of identical value but higher power rating affect the working of a circuit?
AC analysis from a DC fresh grad/point of view
Program which turns power on/offf
piezo vs mems accelreatometer for earthquake
Is this the right way to mount a 2N3055 or any TO-3 form on a heat-sink?
Can we give a bipolar signal to ADC of ATmega88?
Power loss from an inductive load
How to read 115200 Baud digital signal on Arduino UNO?
Latching power switch question
How to drive a high-side N-channel MOSFET with low VGS?
Need help with programming an NXTBee on a NXT Lego Mindstorm Robot
Does there exist an IC that allows on-the-fly routing of signals?
Prototyping with a very small surface mount connector/socket
Using impulse response to control the system
Floating voltage measurements
How to make a 7 to 3 priority encoder?
Finding/Calculating LED light luminosity / power output
Logic needed to read and store values
Hardware Defined Byte
How to drive stepper motor at maximum speed with a higher voltage power supply in hand?
automatic datasheet information extraction
Circuit short circuit capacitor question confusion
Can more than one device read data from GPS?
Understanding electrical consumption
Input impedance of a GenRad 2512 Spectrum Analyzer
How to start implementing your own computer?
How do I solder headers so that they always stand straight up?
Resistor value labeling, what does the second number refer to?
How much power can reasonably be collected from ambient background radiation?
Advantages of 32-bit 48-96 Mhz microprocessors (such as in Arduino Due)
LF398 Sample and Hold Circuit
Highly accurate CMOS Squave wave clock signal to drive MF5CN Audio filter
1.2 GHz Cloverleaf Antenna tolerance
BBQ iginter power surge
Chosing a pulldown resistor
What is the polarity of a car cigarette lighter adapter?
Toggling problem of D flip flop
9v AC 2000mA power adaptor for a 9v AC 1000mA device
110V AC/ 9V AC power adapter (America) Vs. 220V AC/ 9V AC power adapter (Europe)
RS232 concurrent communication
Is it possible to intercept the audio data of voice call in Android?
Question about the derivation of filtering roll off
Explanation for Differing Stator Winding Orientations
Transformers as Inductors (Weird Results)
PN200 replacement
Automating the measurement of current consumption of an embedded system
grounding connection?
Basic microcontroller + RF transmitter/receiver plausibility
EEG sensing of imagined speech
problem with reading values in case
tablet as a keyboard (bluetooth / USB)
Potential difference across one resistor with and without a known current?
Any idea which software was used to generate these circuit diagrams?
I2C level shifting and protection
Why do I get gibrish output to the serial monitor of my arduino mega 2560?
SPI interface is working, but there is no power, what could be wrong?
after programming PIC, can no longer run debug or reprogram
Close a circuit at specific input frequency
How to build a ethernet HUB?
Reading a PIC datasheet
Name this electronic connector
10-bit digital representation with SPDT switches and voltage division
Framing error on Rx line in rs485 to ethernet converter
*EP pin connect to Ground
Does lack of MMU make any difference for applications?
How to run LED lights off wild DC from bike powered generator
Op-amps that get really close to the supply voltage
Multiplex two displays or use a higher pin count uC?
What does a TRIAC do?
What is static/dynamic power?
Simple AC line state detection for digital controller input
Why am I not arriving to non-inverting amplifier equation?
Do Thermal Cutoff switches exist for temperatures below 50 C?
The reading distance limit on passive RFID
Is the theory of operation behind my FPGA design acceptable?
Keyboard vs mouse power consumption
Reason for an RC motor to spin very slowly
Clip signal with very low threshold
Will my Arduino output pin at 0v handle 25 LEDs cathodes
Transistor question and is my circuit safe for Raspberry-Pi?
Bluetooth LE with BlueGiga devboard (BLE112)
Breadboard Quality questions
HC-06 Bluetooth module, what bluetooth mode I have to use?
Wifi device with directional antenna and programmable power
EM Simulation with Advanced Design System from Agilent
Transfer Function and Bode Plot from Poles and Zeroes
Ways of Switching between Two Sim Cards
Compare implementing a simple automation design on a MCU vs an FPGA/CPLD
Metal Halide circuit without a capacitor?
PNP transistor to command LED
How to calculate phase shift between two sine wavefroms
Ground copper pour for Crystals and Real time clocks
Speed of electricity (signal propagation?) through copper for communications delay
How big variables are stored in RAM memory?
What happens when a MOSFETs gate is left open?
Can shutting of power bar damage cables or modem?
Amount of current after DC/DC conversion for PC/104
Transistor alternating between multiple LEDs
P-chan MOSFET as power switch
How could I create two separate ground areas with Proteus?
Tesla coil RF line protection
Static sound when running amplifier and usb charger off same battery
How to find whether a vehicle turned left or right or didnt turn using gyroscope data
Low Budget Environmental Chamber - Product Testing
IR-Receiver signal almost constant
Arduino + Escudo + EL Wire on analog port: need pull-up-down resistor?
Two wires for ac
V-USB with ATtiny2313 to communicate with Android
How do I receive an entire string as opposed to 1 character at a time on the arduino?
Can you tell me how the op-amp in this DMM circuit works?
Most efficient use of resistors to heat an aluminum plate?
4 Bit Register not loading properly
Can i Use a 19v Charger for 10.5v Netbook
Connecting multiple ultrasonic sensors to one Arduino
How to spy a Bluetooth COM transmission?
Ethernet 100 ohm differential pair layout
Is there a difference between the pins in the Arduino UNO Ethernet and the Ethernet shield?
Nodal Analysis of an electrical circuit
What's the purpose of this checkerboard pattern?
Calculating dBFs from RSSI
How to detect when an antenna is not connected
how to electrically isolate a PCB from a heat sink
Designing electronics and their enclosures for the outdoors
About Quine-McCluskey method on circuit design and don't cares
Is a capacitor considered a solid state device?
USB I2C adapter and Cognimem on Mac OS X?
What motion sensor to use for human breathing
Does a switch need to be debounced when opened?
No silkscreen on board? How common is that? What are the advantages?
What is the definition of Cload for MOSFET drivers?
Starting with pic programming dspic30f2010
How to measure three resistors in a triangle
AVR program behavior incorrect after disabling reset fuse
PIC circuit won't stay powered
If I were to design a multi core processor with a lot of cores, what are the pro cons of having 8 bit, 16 bit or 32 bit cores?
Is that a capacitor and how does it work?
USB-MIDI Interface with STM32F4 Discovery?
Safe to put capacitor at I/O pin?
Battery powered sensor node power down circuit
LED properties for throwies
What's the best comunication protocol for a sensor network?
Problem with circuit created with fabric pressure sensor
Using multiple resistors on a breadboard to limit voltage to LED
Help with PCB design with current sense resistor
Identifying / replacing some jacks and removing glue
Voltage limitations on AREF for Arduino
How to polarize a signal before sending it to the antennae
Help with grounding a generator on a running vehicle
How to tell if mains voltage is on with microcontroller?
If a wire is rated 10A, 120v AC. How many amps could I put through it of 13.8v DC?
PIE vs Manchester Coding
Simple op-amp differential amplifier
Connectorless MicroUSB or miniUSB on PCB: Feasible?
USB data sniffing cable
Nordic 8001 development
What "rule of thumb" to use for mapping -3dB frequency to ideal response for 2nd order Sallen-Key?
Long range proximity sensor (30m+)
Connecting 5 12V LEDs in a parallel circuit
Delay in Combinational Logic Circuits/Stability
What is the name of this connector?
How to debug reset caused by WDTCTL security key violation in MSP430F1611?
How do you determine the input impedance for an inverting amplifier?
Multiplexing an I2C bus between two masters on a Xilinx FPGA
Atx psu 7v output
how do i create a current source
Ideas for attaching / connecting / stacking one PCB onto another with no gap
Mux for ultra low noise pre-amplifier
Name of component on output side cable of a DC power adapter?
replacing disposable lithium-thionyl batteries with rechargable lithium batteries?
Why are some mp3 players so expensive?
How do I change the frequency of an rf module?
What type of silkscreen ink is used in PCB manufacturing?
Low noise, high voltage resistors
How to store parameters on a microcontroller
LEDs with highly stable spectrums
LPT circuit switching
How do I pick an ADC to monitor the output of a switching regulator?
Bench Power Supply Design
Unwanted current thru transistor
Is a relay one way?
Four-Prong Relay Useage
How would I design a simple logic circuit for 3 input bits?
Design a 4-bit synchronous counter using D filp-flops and 16 x 4 ROM that can generated any arbitrary counting sequence
Castellated/Edge-plated PCBs: Comments on Mechanical/Electrical contact reliability
Most efficient h bridge to run two DC motors in robotics application
Is there any such logic gate that accepts inputs from both sides and also stores information within the gate itself?
Test ESC using a Servo Tester
How can I replace the functionality of a button with an arduino?
Toggling of D flip flop
What does "full array operation" mean for EEPROM?
Is SystemVerilog string manipulation synthesisable?
String manipulation in synthesisable Verilog
Questions on some aspects of operational amplifiers
How to short a DC motor?
How can i convert 220V to 9V without using transformer?
Problem Controlling Digital Potentiometer with Micro
Need of External Pull Up/Pull Down for Processor I/O pins
Are there many logic circuit solvers available to test / download?
Radio Control Electronic Schematic
Role of capacitor in this circuit
Choosing between RGB LED types
How hot does a voltage regulator get?
Use port for comparator and analog input?
VHDL - How does a process run concurrent with other processes and components while it executes sequentially?
Arduino serial communication with printer
Why ARM CPUs are not used in servers and desktops?
How do companies pre-program chips?
Why Trickle Charge a Deeply Depleted Li-Ion Battery?
Interfacing with the kind of LCD found in thermometers
Where exactly do the electrons go in the circuit once they traverse the circuit elements?
Small Powerful Brushless Motors
Why are the PIC "F" models popular?
Mosfets with capacitor on drain?
16-to-4 Encoder Using 8-input NAND
Dry cleaning and Electronics?
Soldering gun vs. soldering iron
Silicon-graphene battery energy density?
Electromotor for large platform
Connect device to power
Capacitor values for non-Inverting op-amp circuit
Single supply op-amps in series
Mic preamp: Inverting or non-inverting op-amp configuration?
op-amps: where to split the rail?
Lengthening a 5 ns pulse
VHF: power resistor to replace dummy load
Humming and Transmission issues
Question about the value of Output voltage ripple mentioned in power modules datasheets
Actuating a pneumatic solenoid manifold with Arduino
How is it possible to make Eagle parts containing multiple components?
Prevent Water Piping from Freezing (price is everything)
The "10x rule" for impedance bridging
Dual cooling system for lithium ion battery pack
Frequency limitation for homebrew CPUs
Creating a low (90-250F) temperature-controlled soldering iron (or modifying a higher temp one to get lower temps)
Storing an LED's previous state even when power is removed
Proximity sensor for height from snow covered ground
Can i have 3X3.7volts Nokia BL5c added?
clamping UART signals
Cost difference of different Vias
Driving a dual axis with one stepper motor
Can I use the C18 library for a PIC16?
How to design a power supply unit
Is it possible to switch relay above the power spec?
What makes primary batteries leak on very deep discharge?
TS jack to XLR?
Increase 74LS TTL gate's output current to drive multiple high-power LEDs
Why the delay between transformer failure and power outage?
How a Cmos not gate works
Controlling DC motors with PWM in MCU
PIC16: Why are the configuration words 14 bit, but all other registers 8 bit?
How do some SAR ADCs allow the input range to be 0 to 2xVref?
H bridge for PWM
Is PFC compulsory for AC/DC converters 75W and above?
No or wrong NMEA checksum for GPS data from MT3339
is there any spice model for optoisolator triac driver circuit?
input stage (pre opamp) for voltages between 0 and 240V AC
How do you set the configuration bits for a PIC 16F1829 in MPLAB X?
Retrieving a program from a PIC16F877?
An idea for well-aligned component placement during PCB assembly
Getting a large number of (~100) digital output signals from Arduino
What's the best method for generating 5V at 2A?
In Digital Multimeter note accuracy in digits
PIC16: How do I modify the configuration words?
Is there any definitive I2C pin-out guidance out there? Not looking for a "STANDARD"
FT245R transmit buffer filling up, repeated IOCTL_SERIAL_WAIT_ON_MASK messages
How to make MC34063A work as a step-up converter with 2.1V input?
Switch hookup with relay (Arduino)
How do I calculate the necessary resistance for a voltage divider?
PIC16: How does one enter sleep mode using C?
Current through diode with zero impurity
Detect a touch to the threads
Minimal redistributable coregen output for command-line rebuilds
Can the transformer from an SMPS be used for step-up?
Powering multiple circuit boards from one wall wart
current sensor for small currents?
At the First Attempt to Create the BIOS?
circuit equations derivation problem
Can a CD4056BP drive an LED display
Will a 5.1V adapter charge a device that currently uses a 5.5V adapter
How to fight static charge/constant electromagnetic on Arduino (attachInterrupt)
tone() and reading data from serial are colliding
what is the best way to charge a capacitor bank from an SLA battery
USB host to host connector with PIC18F2550
How to connect this 7 segment LED display to Arduino?
Bjt astable multivibrator questions
Discharging a capacitor through a resistor and an LED in series
DIY LED panels with even illumination?
Difference between L14-30 and L10-30 NEMA connectors?
What would happen to the wires if a lightning struck them?
How to convert serial input to Ethernet via an Arduino Uno and Ethernet shield?
Example circuit of fading tone?
Getting coordinates of a device in a 3d space
Low Battery Indicator for 2x AA Batteries
RGB LED Strip - Variable Voltage Vs. PWM
How to tell if a repaired laptop power cord adapter is safe?
Designing FPGA code in block diagrams
career advice embedded software development?
AA cell for low power embedded system -Debugging help needed
Arduino LCD displays weird character after a while
PIC16: Understanding the bound on the argument to _delay
PMOS cutoff not working well
Weird output Pulse in Vector Waveform in Quartus 2
MP3 Player, does volume affect power use?
More than 2 resistors in parallel
STM32 can use variable 64bit?
Pro's and con's to using a pcb's middle layer (on a 4 layer board) as a heat sink?
Reasons to use opamp
Capacitive touch sensors, how do they work?
How to connect USB barcode scanner to a PIC?
Power and energy measurment for embedded system -help needed
How can I add white noise to a low-noise 2 Mhz sine signal from the signal generator?
How can I use NAND gates to divide (5bit) binary inputs by an integer (say 5)?
Is this LED fixture safe for use with its current fabrication?
Can I connect two outputs to supply more voltage to speaker?
ARM8/ARMv4 properties for qualitative comparison between RISC, CISC, and MISC processor designs
Using LEDs in a bridge rectifier circuit
Manchester Decoding
Fast PWM and Atmega1280 problem
AC / DC Backup Power Supply For Solar Irrigation Pump
How to calculate or estimate total power usage by computer to serve a request?
How does an inverter affect the computer?
What's the difference between consumer and pro audio equipment?
Wake-up PC from sleep mode using PIC24FJ256GB106
Zigbee RGB control using Xbee
Using a PIC to perform switch on and timed shutdowns in automotive environment
How can I read in M-bus metering data with an Arduino Uno?
SCT sensor to 0-10v analog input
Weatherproofing coax connections
Replacing a custom serial port connector with a Micro-USB 2 plug
how fast is digital modulator
why use OFDM, not PSK/QAM for high speed data transfer
Pinout for an SMA Connector
Is Bluetooth Communication Possible Without Pairing?
Combinational Logic Design, Truth table and K-Map question
Differences between a FET multiplexer and regular digital multiplexer?
Read RFID tag with NFC reader?
Lower the voltage
How long do oven elements last under high usage?
Series and Parallel together for 3 Solar Panels?
Driving LM3886 at 100 KHZ in Bridge Tied Load (BTL) configuration?
PWM LED dimming via constant current source
How can PAL (TV) encode 3 colors in 1 phase?
Choosing a transistor and resistor for PIC input pin protection from Car Power
What direction to place electrolytic caps for AC coupling?
Different behavior of FTDI USB RS485 on different computers
How can cell phones location be detected?
Charger specification of 3000mah battery
Is my design good enough in terms of noise and EMI as its 80MHz MCU board
Interfacing AVR microcontroller to ADC, waveform generator and other peripherals
Atmega32 + LCD displays nothing
Experience with gel-filled junction boxes
Automating the switch in any circuit using 8051
PIC24E writing address and increment for ICSP programming
poles and zeroes
What is this equipment called?
Confused as to how implement ALU using structured VHDL
Why do some transformers hum less or not at all when lightly loaded?
Trying to find a touchscreen that will be compatible with a microcontroller
Easiest way to create a USB HID device
FPGA buffered and unbuffered clocks
Are external hard drives designed to be protected against electrostatic charge?
How to determine the total number of charges a portable charger can supply for a phone?
Can I use an SMPS to power a audio TDA7293 power amplifier?
set and reset of D flip-flops : always physically present?
Digital automatic gain control?
Controller that supports multiple LCDs, ideally up to 5
Sorting of data from instructions ( ARM I-cache and D-cache )
The intuition behind RS flip-flop
The Vdc Specification of a transformer
Texas Instruments USB2ANY HPA665
How does memory wear out?
Development desk - power solution
Dimmer to bulb control
7805 Regulated DC Power for two devices
Op-amp latch-up sanity check
How to print gerber files? (mac)
Lighting Fluorescent lamp with plasma ball results in electric shock?
PIC Write-Protect Behavior
pcb damaged, broken copper any ideas?
Instrumentation amplifier
Measuring Current rating
Is it safe to use the cable used in Portable Battery Charger and connect to the phone via the PC USB?
Electric strike with Arduino circuitry?
Remote Temperature Sensor
Charging a car battery through cigarette lighter
Voltage regulation threshold
Establish connection between analog and GSM modem
Relay contact voltage rating
Arduino & JY-MCU Bluetooth module
Optocoupler with phototransistor base lead
Looking for a Constant Voltage/ Constant Current power supply schematic
Microcontroller with two USB interfaces and high speed (480Mbps)
2-layer USB 2.0 High-Speed routing
Signal propagation when observing integrated circuits
CAN controller in a CPLD
How can an imported graphic be deleted?
Is this flux residue or the PCB is burnt?
Tapping the battery from an UPS to feed low voltage devices
Multiple level signal transmission
Is hot glue a good insulator?
UART Communication Issues
Arduino stop RGB fading (3rd party library) at interrupt
Is noise a random process?
Using LEDs in a bridge rectifier for light, not load
Logic Levels between 5(V) and 3.3(V) devices
Drawing complex shapes in Eagle
Why are they called breadboards?
High wattage speaker using low wattage amplifier
What resistor to use with this RGB LED?
Open Source or free electric field mapping software
Octal DIP Switch Digital '0'?
Can you pass resistance through analog mux?
Use a 12 volt bulb in 110 AC socket?
Using a POT for ADC
Microchip programming with network connectivity
Reasoning behind "neutral pin nearest the edge" rule of thumb?
computing shunt resistence for a microammeter
How to make an USB keyboard work with Bluetooth instead?
Testpoints: Vias versus pads
Half-H bridge or low-side MOSFET for PWM motor control
Will a BigEasy driver handle 14 amps?
Using lots of slide potentiometer for computer control
To "ground fill"or not to "ground fill"?
Creating a keyboard with a microcontroller, do I need an input pin for each key?
Power from battery when primary source fails
How to determine the units when reading a multimeter?
Circuit review: Impedance bridging for microphones
How to place any logic gate in Ultiboard 10
MPLAB XC16 compiler outputting 8-bit HEX files for PIC24?
Sending audio over ethernet
Wireless bridge for embedded ethernet switch
Where is the plain wire in NI Multisim
Future-proofing home network cabling in a building with poor WiFi performance
What makes an "rf transistor" different from an ordinary transistor?
Battery voltage not reaching the expected 12.8V
Cache write/read times?
Replacing a component in an Eagle board that has already been routed?
RX String on UART not working
Processor design: turning blocks on/off dynamically to save power?
Why does touching one 3.5 jack contact (in headphones) together with audio device socket's outter ring make noise?
Is battery storage of mains power hard
How to plot a graph on Nokia 5110 LCD
Circuit symbol for ammeter with output
Ideas for what to use as project enclosures/cases
Why output of square wave signal after bypass capacitor is a triangular wave?
In an NMOS, does current flow from source to drain or vice-versa?
Why does this Verilog hog down 30 macrocells and hundreds of product terms?
Playing multiple sounds simultaneously with Arduino
How to reduce the clock jitter for an ADC?
What is the formula for working out the volts, amps and watts of a DC Motor?
Clock skew? Good or bad?
When abstract logic circuits get translated to the electrical equivilant, how are conversions from 0 to 1 handled?
RGB control via website
Blocking stray RF with diamagnetic materials?
PCB Design - Polygon pour remove islands or not?
I want to find \$\frac{\hat{\theta}}{\hat{T}}\$
using oscilloscope in Proteus AVR Simulator?
Simple radio serial communication
Selecting the right bridge rectifier
Circuit RL simumation explanation
How to compute current given voltage in a particular RC circuit with a voltage source and a current source
When should I use SR, D, JK, or T Flip flops?
Decoupling caps with PICs
Implementing 4-to-16 decoder using 3-to-8 and 2-to-4
what does "series" denote, e.g.: PS, PM, PW, H, etcetera
Why use PLC instead of microcontroller?
Anode RGB LED Arduino Hookup Confusion
13v linear regulated power supply
How do manufacturers determine LED characteristics?
3.2 Gb/s high speed interface over 50m: copper, fiber, other ideas?
How do I troubleshoot a broken SAA3004 Remote control transmitter used in a remote control?
What is the holding current on a triac?
Gettting hand movements registered and sent to an arduino
Calculating max wattage load for opto-triac
How do I identify Pin 1 on a chip with no corner mark
Is it possible to make illegal clones of an Intel Core i7?
Basic LED Question
Connecting the Shield of a strain gage cable connector to PCB with ADC
Fast sensor readings
correctly choosing a relay in term of breaking current
LEDs and weird results from various Arduino pinModes
dimming leds and switches
what methods could I use to step-up 700VDC to 5000VDC(approx)?
What opamp characteristics for voltage reference
Lattice HDR-60 board download problem
Amplification of load cell signal with AD623 IC
Power source for 12V PWM controlled light
Choosing a relay, suppression diode and transistor for switching car power from a PIC pin
Finding Failed Component in broken florescent lantern circuit
Ways of devices to communicate to other devices wirelessly
Monitoring Power on Twin 110v lines
Why does working processors harder use more electrical power?
0.5mm Pitch BGA Fanout - Reasonable Vias, Drills, Traces and Clearances
Difference between EEPROM types
Minimum distance from TQFP to chip cap on PCB assembly?
How can I emulate the PS/2 protocol without a microcontroller?
Electrical Generator Windings - Is there an "ideal" way to wind?
digital voice on gsm modules
How do ADCs fail?
Eagle project wont open, "Error reading file"
Can a USB device have a low bandwidth because of poor connection?
Is this a good circuit to control LED?
what is solderless post
Testing plan for flat flexible cable (FFC) connector
Charge Model vs Voltage Model for Piezo Electric Sensor
Is pinch off voltage of JFET constant?
How does a TVS absorb voltage?
How can I get a C program to execute Python code that sends commands to an Arduino?
Help designing an inverse polarity and overload (crowbar) protection circuit
What does this component do?
How to read values from a NO2 sensor from an Arduino?
Will a digital potentiometer work with 230 volts (ac)?
Tracking pen within whiteboard surface
What's a good estimate on how low an alkaline battery voltage can be to still make the battery useful?
How to find the output and input impedance of an amplifier
From Synapse RF Engine to PIC
Need to know the exact values for sense resistor, resistors in op-amp and power supplies
Capacitor Charging Circuit
Connecting RS232 output of Lattice XP2 Brevia Kit to PC USB (virtual COM port over USB) using a FTDI RS232RL based board
How to specify 100 ohm impedance on a pcb gerber
IN-12A Nixie Tubes and K155ID1 (74141 clone) Power
Can current be drawn from ground in a SWER transmission setup?
Building a safe low-temperature heat box : heat sources
OR gate from one AND, three NOT?
Assemble PIC connector from bits
PIC16: Problems with UART receive
Triac datasheet values
Using JTAG to "explore" a board without damaging it?
RC time constant in astable multivibrators
STM32F4 OTG_FS Leakage
How to simulate the depression of a push button connected to an Arduino, with another Arduino?
Method to determine least-error prescaler and top values for timer1 of Arduino?
Thumb Wheel Potentiometer
Using a solid state relay/ photoMOS relay
L7805CV 5V Voltage Regulator to IP camera over POE
Compatibility between Arduino ADK and NFC Shield
Regenerative Braking circuit
Two Port parameters on an Op Amp
Integrating IP core to a project
Why do displays with auto-synchronization function get out of sync? (pixels blur)
List of files needed to rerun Aldec simulation?
Why is PIC Programming Voltage Higher Than Vsupply
What is the difference between 1-phase and 3-phase motors?
Audio to Low-Pass Filter to Comparator to LED = Fading LED based on the Frequency?
Math: Temperature tranform equation
My Solar PV system correctly shuts off power during a blackout - I want to safely override that
time delay circuit keeping line high
A decent library of component simulation, schematic and PCB layout?
PICKIT 3 resets PIC16 three times upon reprogramming
How to make any sensor a wireless one
I2C Pulldown and Pullup...is it possible?
How does an LED matrix work?
Transmitting a video stream through a microcontroller
Splitting a bit array in Verilog
Properly controlling a 6V servo motor from a microcontroller?
Meaning of an arrow in the control scheme
Using Matlab to draw a step response graph
PIC18F2550 I2C Open Drain?
finding the state of a transistor
Wired headset circuit
Is it possible to solder the back pins of an Arduino board?
Regulator and charging in a portable device
What technique/sensor can I use to recognized tagged objects thrown onto a surface?
Finding an affordable integrated USB MCU
Detecting which IR detector was triggered using one pin
Using Audio Cable to connect to computer
Can a disconnected pin on DDR3 SDRAM go undetected?
Designing a 30 watt audio amplifier
ARD00280 Microchip Energy Reference Schematic Live and Neutral Swapped?
Transmitting a video stream through a microcontroller's wifi
Do you have to set the TRIS register when using open collector outputs on Microchip microcontrollers?
Lithium batteries worries
Electronic test load design
How to control Arduino frequency?
How use 'Hierarchical Blocks' in Eagle?.. nesting schematics within schematics?
Need help finding datasheet
Problem with RF circuit using HT12D and HT12E
Can I create a verilog file to both simulate and synthesize?
5-pole, double-throw relay
vacuum compatible compact CCD camera
Doesn't quartus II support simulate with a verilog file?
Can you sum and difference in a single op-amp?
Aren't UBEC's just packaged voltage regulators?
Easiest way to make printing head spray ink?
Arduino as modbus master with MAX485 doesn't get any response
Are the LED's in this diagram Backwards
AC and DC Resistance
How to measure the car battery charge with good precision
Large LED Matrix
Why would you attach a Diode to the base of a BJT?
Broken NOR gate
Can you have a pin floating on a microcontroller
Does anyone build 100k RPM alternators?
Using Ethernet Bus
Speed control of a DC motor using variac
Single Phase fan induction motor current flow
Repeating the same interrupt in AVR
Why is ISE / XLS is mapping a signal to the global clock GCK0?
What exactly are the differences between a USB host and device
Did I use this optocoupler correctly?
Does performance of PV inverters degrade over time?
Reverse-engineering RF packets
Which side to do the PWM in a H-Bridge, High side or Low side?
Could I replace a diode with a BJT in a pinch?
How to calculate the range of a RC transmitter
How to fix my designed calculator circuit using Logisim
How does this LM386 circuit boost bass?
Can we sample two signals simultaneously using the ADC (analog to digital) of AVR mircocontroller?
TTL RS-232 current limiting
Why do some DC-powered LED circuits flicker?
What is the cheapest way of producing audible sounds?
How can I get my atmega328 to run for a year on batteries?
Automating button presses
Question about trace length matching patterns for high speed signals
Suitable small/fast EEPROM for Atmega328
WiFi shield not present error
Encoding delay of Ethernet and the relation to cable frequency rating
Powering a fan with an AC adapter
How do PCI Express Graphics Cards pull power from both the slot and the external 6-pin connector?
Reliable secondary storage for Raspberry Pi (or other such single-board computers (SBCs))?
AC Voltage source terminal polarity and grounding
Z(in) for small signal analysis with BJT for unbypassed emitter and r0 in place
Does this product page contradict the corresponding datasheet?
Speaking words with Pololu 3pi Robot
Should I look for Aluminum or plastic enclosure for UPS
Voltage divider ambiguity
Why all layers shows on top (in layout) in OrCAD?
Thevenin equivalent with dependent and independent generators
frequency counter using pic16f877a
Class AB or Class D for a home theater amplifier
How to connect a crystal oscillator to generate Square wave
Robot power supply
Class AB power amplifier
How will transformer efficiency change if the transformer is connected backwards?
RGB LED - Fade Between Random Colors
Debugging a PIC16 with MPLAB X
Zener diode forward voltage
How to choose a inductor for a buck regulator circuit?
Difference between a Power Plane and a Copper Fill?
Laptop Adaptor Circuit Elements
Step voltage up or step voltage down when using batteries?
What happens to the electrons of semiconductors?
How does current flow through a voltage source?
Compile C for PIC16F88 with sdcc
linearize single arm wheatstone bridge output
Voltage Regulator Issue (TI TLV70012)
How do I control speed using servo.h?
Adding a global int corrupts compiled code
Can 1-wire (One-wire) sensors be used over power lines?
Why do most RFiD tags use hexadecimal numbers?
Why is there alternating current in my wall socket?
Comparators Dragging Each Other Down
Can we connect an external ADC with PIC16F877A? Or it's compulsory to use the internal ADC of the PIC?
Data compression for large amount of binary data
Connect TSOP to prolifc serial
Why do mobile phone transmissions come in pulses?
Designing glue logic circuit for 16 bit data input to 32 bit data output with half the input clock frequency
How to get an output voltage of 16 Vpk on my preamplifier
Advice on ground plane in my first PCB
Don't have a momentary switch, what else can I use?
Arduino low power consumption and multiplexer
I2C - Where's the ACK
Android to I2C Control
How to keep the arduino uno up on serial connections?
Are toroid chokes lossy? Are they good for winding inductors?
How to reduce the noise of a servo motor?
China bluetooth modules and RS232c with RTS/CTS
Finding a proper Book or a Internet Source on Combinational Logic
Peak detector is not working when voltage is changed
I need to sense if a rope has been touched, what is a safe way to do this?
Ideal Hardware Timer Setup Routine
Fast opto-isolation with open collector output without VCC
Can't set to Fast PWM OCRA mode
Multiple clients listening the UART TX line
PHYS Ethernet or FPGA
Is CAN bus communications enough to update firmware?
What lamps are out there that don't flicker and give off warm light (like incandescent)?
Why is the negative contact in a battery bay always the side with some sort of spring?
Interface a LCD to RS232
Which books should I read to gather practical and useful electronic design skills?
Voltage regulator misbehaves under certain conditions
Dropping voltage for red channel on RGB LED
10A power suply, high frequency
50 volts regulated power supply
What potentiometer should I choose?
Unidentified Integrated Circuit - NEC 24 Prong
"low current", "high efficiency", "high intensity" LED's
Driving a Fan using TIP120 to PWM from Arduino
Options of Button Labeling
shutting off power to circuit after a short time from an alarm clock
rotary switch / turn knob? how to call it?
Creating a squar-ish wave from 240V 50Hz single phase mains a.c. voltage
How to multiply using gates?
String manipulation of a http response using Arduino
Does calibration involve fixing electronics or mechanical part?
Looking for a better understanding of a kilowatt hour and trying to size an electricity supplier using it
Giving device variable input/setting capabilities
+ and - DC voltages
power connections for electric motor
Delay then off for tone signal
Working of a CMOS inverter
Voltage regulator 'hiccups' when gate pin of MOSFET is touched
pre amplifier voltage clipping
Two's Complement Multiplication Overflow
How to properly set up a multimeter to measure the power consumption of a computer?
Switching speakers between multiple audio sources
Role of current source in comparator
Driving P-MOSFET with Netduino
How can I attach gps chip to 3g chips?
How can I detect HIGH or LOW input on a NXP microcontroller?
Determining phase sequence in software
Do all PHY Ethernet chips have a hard-coded MAC address?
Using a TLC5940 to control LEDs with different forward voltages
Inaccuracy of a RS-232 baudrate
How to amplify MCU port output?
LED current limiting resistor and Ohm's Law
Thermistor measuring
Clock Pulse from Audio Signal (Laptop Headphone Jack)
Ethernet shield (ENC28J60) design troubles
creating an electronic scale with Linux
Calculating run time for a device with variable current draw
4 Digit LED Display usage
If YOU were starting out now, what PIC16F-compatible IDE and compiler would you choose, and why?
Data transfer between FFs in a CPU
What are bidirectional Zener diodes used for in DC transient protection?
Can I half the current rating when moving from 100-240V to just 230V?
Verilog modules: estimating power consumption before physical design
What are these on power supply cables?
Motor Current Limiting Algorithm
SMD Trimpot specs - some cite in K/M and others in uH
Is keeping HDD ON the anti static paper likely to damage it?
avrdude -B 3 parameter
Merge 2 chars from UART and convert into HEX value
Quartus II: Pin incompatible with a bank it is not on
amplifier quality waveform for different transistors
DMX512 Remote controlled LED
How is electricity from the power supply turned into stored bits of data?
ZigBee Light Link and XBee interoperability
PCB design of crystal/oscillator ok in this way?
Can I buy a motor that vibrates or pulses very precisely?
Multiple xbees on same network
Phototransistor as a pull-down in digital circuit
Use USB as an on-off switch
How to inflate/deflate to create artificial lungs
Lower Vcc of power amplifier and still provides 30 watts
signal clipped despite q point is middle
Arduino: why does Serial.println(int, HEX) display 4 bytes?
LUT vs. hard IP based multipliers on Spartan-3 FPGA for constant coefficient multiplication
State Machine using Case getting unexpected result
Can voltage drop across a diode be controlled by varying the doping level?
RS232 to UCB using cp2102 chip
How to connect an Arduino to a STM32F4 evaluation board?
Running the linux kernel and ubuntu on a custom processor
voltage level of mp3 mobile phones
Is it possible to combine JK, SR and D filp flops in one circuit... and why?
drive 3 phase induction motor with only DC (not pwm) thru each phase
current in audio amplifier
Wireless Communication core concepts based on the NRF24 libary for Arduino
How can I build a voltmeter / logger?
loudness of speaker
VHDL constant range declaration
multistage amplifiers
Determining the angular displacement of a steering wheel
Increasing speakers impedance by adding resistors
LCD modules with I2C or SPI interface
Features to include on a new embedded Linux board to make development and debug easier?
Debugging I2C bus using an oscilloscope
PIC 18F2550 USB Dual Power Example
Bi-Directional Buck Boost Converter
Measuring almost 1 volt between Raspberry Pi input pin and ground, why?
How is this crystal / ferrite bead / ground shield connected?
q point keeps shifting when there is input signal
IC 4066 Switching on Relay
Attenuator for guitar amp cheap DIY
Need opinions on servo motor control for heavy applications
do power amps need regulated power supply
Meaning of symbol on LED screen price tag
Testing the condition of an old sealed-lead-acid (SLA) battery
Simulation of Band-Pass Filter (RLC) in ngspice
How does the cpu able itself to detect the transitors 0 or 1?
How to use a SN75441 h-bridge (not working as expected)
op-amp + ADC slow reaction
Which part of a pnp-transistor is the buried layer connected to?
Single chip solution for power suply, 5v and 3.3v output
If A=0, B=1, and x=0 what are A' and B' in the logic circuit below?
Making an extended Battery Pack + Charger for a Tablet PC
output signal now became smaller
Routing +12V and -12V for audio opamps?
Microcontroller with a long wire for digital input
What is this adhesive tape that comes in some parts?
DVI-D Single Link to FPGA
Op-Amp Comparator precision voltage
Triangular waveform shown by DSO for DC output. Is this usual?
what are cores in real in a cpu?
Separating ground planes in PCBs
Use a 15µf capacitor instead of original 12.5 µf for a water pump?
What is a popular cheap and robust substitute for 2n7000 MOSFET for use with 3.3 Volt designs?
Need help understanding AVR ATMEGA / ATTINY timer mirrored output
Arduino Razor IMU with Serial.write(id, 2): Can't have 2 parameters
Speaker BJT amplifier function
put more juice in the speaker
Computer case causing interference with TV
Why is the data output of some ICs in two's complement form?
What type of electric motor drive can be used for keeping a load at specific heights?
Spring probe center dimension
Criteria for gyroscope export restrictions
How can I reduce noise from an analog signal from an Arduino?
Help with oscilloscope
PCB Trace inductance
reading the position of a switch using a microcontroller
Measuring the balance of a rowing boat
AVR Serial communication using DB9 Connector
IR LED (VSMY7850x01) 850nm to 750nm
How to disconnect a component with a microcontroller output?
How to give input to microcontroller from a 3.5-mm stereo jack
Graphics LCD - how to avoid flicker?
Data processing vs instruction processing in processor
A question on Simulink
Microcontroller to process HDMI frames
Connecting TDA7052 with a microcontroller
Soldering leads/pins to SMD/SMT for solderless breadboard prototyping?
adding bass to an amplifier
Arduino/Raspberry Pi 2 LED Matrices
PCB practices: Grounding, and interaction b/w switching and control loops
how to display current time
Calculating the True Power Factor in non-linear loads
Using an LM34 temp sensor, how can I limit the range of temperatures?
avr attiny84: wrong delay
how to calculate the output value of an lm335 sensor
How to build a SoC computer?
Software suggestions for electronic simulations?
PIC uno32 SPI communication with sensor
LCD contrast - is there a way to control the variation in contrast during production of a consumer product?
Why do I get a Top Level Design Entity undefined in my VHDL
Why would plugging in a logic probe change values in a digital circuit?
Controling a regular residential 110V/15A circuit switch (or relay) from a PC
PIC18F2550 or PIC18F13K50?
ESD Protection for AC-coupled signals
Arduino and Backup Battery Power
I2C Communication Speed across Sensors
Sampling a signal in Matlab
How is energy consumed in a PN junction?
Where are factory default setting stored in a wireless module?
(Need help ASAP!) Electric motor bike with BASIC Stamp
Role of capacitor in PCB of hand blender
Burnt AC Bulb Failover
exact copy of amplifier stages
How to implement a self tuning PID-like Controller
Voltage modulation with an LDO
Weather protected enclosure
TCP/IP stack in Verilog
Pulse Plethysmograph Help
Change output depending on State in VHDL
How to hand drill PCBs?
I2C and SPI ,if they share same connection , is there confilict or not
What would be the cheapest way to get video signal?
Simple logic gate
Microcontroller
Interfacing microSD with LPC1769 Board
Is there a way of telling if the connector is male or female on a schematic?
Solving a transistor circuit and determine the base current
Limiting, scaling and biasing analog input (ADC) of microcontroller
Multiplexer + flipflop all in one?
Storing An Led's Previous state when power is removed with eeprom now
Cloverleaf possibly blew out transmitter?
Single floating gate transistor
What application do you use for plots?
How to calculate permittivity of a fluid
How do I decople a microcontroller with odd number of ground pins?
Verilog: Break an always block
controlling singing-dancing santa with Arduino
Powering an old two box metal detector
Verilog: Can I omit the length of a register that is initialised to a string?
Basic Question Regarding Programming in CodeWarrior
Verilog: Escape non-printable characters in string initialisation
I2C EEPROM with non-standard address?
What are the advantages of including mounting holes in a schematic?
What is a good approach to detecting distance and speed in model railroads?
Know any hardware for the PC to act as USB_device?
SDRAM chip selection
Design advice: Radar interface
Methods of sliding PCB in straight line on drill press
anyone knows miniature wireless system with data rate >= 2000 Hz?
Zero or low-current voltage divider for switch identification
name of 'black trim masker' display
current amplification of a circuit containing a transistor
Can a motor driver for 5V be used for a 24V motor?
What should I take care of while using elastomeric connectors?
How to measure salinity?
How to build a 4 to 16 decoder using ONLY TWO 2 to 4 decoders?
Why do batteries with the same voltage have different currents?
SQNR of 16 bit signed multiplication with MSB storing in 16 bits
What's the difference between linear and audio tapers, and why should I care?
Sensory Chess Board
How to remove 20MHz SPI signal noise?
Can vibrations of quite an appreciable amplitude affect the clock signal of a crystal oscillator?
Single microcontroller pin high-voltage piezo speaker driver, what are the pitfalls?
Stellaris TCP/IP
Physical address vs virtual address
L298 overheating issue
Transistor circuits: NOR and short
PTC Fuses and Low Current Circuit Protection
Should old electronics be polarized?
measuring vertical movement in a container
Is it OK to run a signal junction at a "do not use" pin on a solid state relay DIP package?
Circuit diagrams for LED Chaser Christmas Lights
PCIe Prototyping Backplane
Understanding metal oxide semiconductor gas sensors' datasheet.
PCIe Reference Clock logic level
Shorting two pins using a headphone jack
Type of cable to use for long > 100m serial connection
Part to use for solar charging terminal
Can a pogo pin spring cause an inductive spike?
How to set RN171 module work on UDP?
Frequency of audio signals taken from multimeter
Measure 12V 35Ah battery level in arduino
reading data from a memory
Arduino 1.0.2: no matching function for call to 'Serial_::write(byte [2],int)'
Converting a 2.54mm pitch header to screw terminal blocks
Name and reason for space between pixels on an LCD display
Simple rig to measure current drawn in very short bursts?
Trace width to 0805 pad?
MIDI status bytes
Interfacing ultrasound receivers and emitters with a microprocessor
How do I implement Lights-Out game using logic gates or flip flops?
Designing State Diagram for a 2 input sequence detector
Combine voltage divider with shunt for solar monitor
how to timestamp packets with CC2420 and MSP430F1611
Sending audio signals to output device through relay
Inductive "kick" and possible dangerous experiment
Substitute for permalloy core for power transformer
device for outputting HIGH when input have been HIGH?
Making a schematic in KiCad; how to represent connections from another circuit board?
Help find data sheet for micro-controller?
Olevia model 237-T11 TV won't turn on
How do I measure startup/inrush current?
Understanding CPU clock signal processing
common collector amplifier
Reading datasheets and applying Ohm's Law
Help on superposition
Single pole AC to DC conversion circuit
If I have drawn an IC. Are there any manufucters that you can go too tom implement it?
MOV in series with the VCC-IO pin of FT232R
Time parameters of pressing a tact button by people
Determining which pin triggered a PCINTn interrupt?
View physical size before placing component, DipTrace
How Can I Program an LED Matrix
What are some smallest, cheapest microcontrollers with USB built in?
Something I am stuck in matlab
Amplifier capacitors
audio jack ground weirdness
extracting images from camera using fpga and trasfering to pc
PIC18F13K50 Has two or one Half Bridge control?
What happens to copper pours that are 'too narrow'?
Is there a device to measure distance to a live wire through bone-like material?
RGB LED - Set intensity on Red and Blue
SPICE Modeling voltage during battery discharge
How can I tell (easily) if my power supply is regulated/switched or unregulated/nonregulated?
Asynchronous inputs to timing diagram
PIC18F1320 with 4 separate PWM channels and C18 compiler for an RGB LED
Can I directly interface to 5V I2C devices with an STM32 running on 1.8V?
Finding the Amp hour of battery
Time Base ISR Concurrency
How can I access the MCP3008 ADC chip with linux spidev?
Not connected pins on microcontrollers: what are the advantages/disadvantages of internal pull-up versus tristate?
Voltage between ground and positive / negative terminals, is this correct?
555 Monostable Timer delay
Spot beam (Coverage area) and beam width
Are there still use-cases for ECL?
Dual AC feed to power a DC unit (Raspberry Pi) with Diode and Polyfuse for protection
Illustrating op amp feedback without control theory
How feasible would it be to use capacitive detector through 5 mm thick glass with a gap between PCB and glass?
What is a momentary SPST Push Button Switch?
Datasheet: What is a unit interval (UI) for a PMA?
Is a 10GHz clock required to drive a 10Gb serial pin?
Random number generators using a GPIO pin?
What are the XGMII control pins?
How do registers connect to CPU buses
Why are JFET transistors used in circuits with high input impedances?
Understanding reverse biased PN junction
DsPIC development board recommendation
Is there a battery with smaller cells inside of it?
How to dim an LED with constant current supply?
Motor Soft Starter
Safe insert/removal of XBee from circuit
How can I power and dim two sets of LED lights where one requires12VAC and one 12VDC
How to increase distance between PHY and RJ45 for GbE?
How to couple a signal on to a DC line
LC circuit poor man theory
Development board with cellular capabilities smaller than Arduino
Using a voltage regulator to power MSP430 microcontrollers
Square wave inverter
transfer AC voltage to load
Unused MCU pins, better to tie to GND or use software to prevent floating?
For gates of same drivestrength, what does gate delay depend on and how?
Dangers of building a radio transmitter?
Using an old Bluetooth-enabled Blackberry as a GPS
Building radios using RLC Meter
Current source with no voltage drop
How can I identify ferrite bead material?
How to change an LED with a thermistor
Minimum solder mask ridge (sliver) for DFN package?
How to decide between a TVS or Zener diode for overvoltage protection?
How can I make a PC look like a thumb drive for reflashing devices?
what is this distortion?
Why must the coil in a motor kit be wound in only one direction?
How to stream Arduino-based camera to HTTP server?
What ultrasonic sensor+emitter should I use for my medical ultrasound project?
Ground loop issue on my sound card
In this project, where does the rectifier go?
Oscilloscope with FFT or a Spectrum Analyzer?
Help reading inductor label
How to split a signal between 6 lines while maintaining voltage?
Stepper motor troubleshooting with Pololu DRV8825 Driver
Multiple switches to multiple inputs - what kind of diode?
How can I make a plated-through hole in Eagle?
Must IO pins each have their own pull-up/down resistor?
Saving data in Code Composer
Using PL2303HX module to program PIC
Switch on a LED: why doesn't this code work?
Implementing Bne in MIPS Processor Circuit
How to add minimum 3 serial ports to a Raspberry Pi?
Avalon-ST interface properties of 10G MAC MegaFunction
Transistor / mosfet for PWM dimming of 30W RGB LED
Speed difference between SRAM (Static RAM) and DDR3 RAM
BLDC motor how to identify
Usage of a transistor configured as diode
Strange I2C Behaviour
Credit Card Sized BT receiver, circuitry, eink display and power supply. Possible?
Li-Po shield for Arduino with in-line recharging, soft-off and voltage protection?
Modem hang-up time
How do I determine if I can safely substitute potentiometers?
how to calculate thickness of copper conductor
How can I build a small DC boost converter, similar to what exists on a flash camera circuit board?
Purpose of negative bias reference generator
Switching 24V and GND with MOSFETs
Newby building a motorised board
What is the ROF pin on my power supply?
Why is this MOSFET using lots of power when idle?
How to solve R-parallel RC circuit?
Streaming camera solutions for RaspberryPi MCU
Optimising LED output without destroying them, factors, temperature
Can I use a 240v variac with 120v?
What does the SIGMA (Σ) sign mean?
Exists an Arduino compatible temperature sensor with effective range of approx 1 meter?
Start / Stop Power when more power is added
Accelerometer and Transistor
Does PCB artwork affect operation and how is the effect validated?
Searching for phase change device
How to get data from one micro controller to another using UART
3.3V IC <-> 2.5V FPGA IO Bank
How realistic is the famous "Bill sux" picture of a chip internals artwork?
USB CDC-ACM Class Driver on STM32F4
What is the easiest way to lower the DC output (reduce voltage)?
Verilog: $display with _ separator
Variable Frequency Oscilator (MHz Range)
Mouse dots-per-inch... how to tell?
Interfacing 3V TI MSP430 to PC serial port
Solar UV index radiation sensor?
MOSFET relay connections to control a 3V motor
What are some good methods for adding charging control/signaling for a docking wireless system with a rechargeable battery?
Routing 30MHz clock thru several boards
How to implement a convolution function in VHDL?
soldering input pins to SN74HC595N shift register -- heat tolerance
Difference between 2-way and 4-way caches?
Bridge rectifier in parallel?
USB PIC programer
"Thumb Drive" Teensyduino form factor?
How to calculate the resonance frequency of a parallel LC circuit with L having a DC resistance?
How to fully turn off the Arduino WiFi shield
Pogo Pins Schematic
Low Voltage Logic
how to tag and find objects using wireless technology
Simulation of blocking assignments in always @ blocks
A complete Radio electronics guide
AC detection for microcontroller
What is a good rule of thumb for practical minimum design duty cycle for a PWM DC motor controller?
Programming a Baby Orangutan using Arduino Uno?
Handling interrupts during device communication
Why is the MOSFET driver in this circuit dying?
Will placing inductors near each other have adverse effects?
Designing Asynchronous Digital Circuit
I have sketched my integrated circuit for an RFID tag. How do I make it to a real physical product?
Bypass capacitors, 2 voltages, 1 ground
How to make rain sensor?
How can I reduce power consumption of my device?
Tracking capable metal detector
Power management for a 5V 12A load
Atmega8 USART transmitting wrong data
A christmas light bulb question
What is this program called and where can I learn about it?
usb keyboard with many simultaneous key presses
Analog and digital cable encoding
Problem shrinking Arduino project to ATtiny 85 20MHz
Are there any premade Relay to Mains boards?
Video Transmitter/Receiver Books&Schematics
Hardware and software to program AT89S52 chips with linux
Any microcontrollers which can be directly programmed on a breadboard?
Question about AC-RL circuit
Inspection/QA Criteria for Selling Electronics?
battery lifetime with self discharge
How do I find energy leaks?
What would make a laser measuring device more accurate
Finding the right motor
How to choose an external powersource with electronic logic
Shift Register Data lines?
Why some computer peripherals should not be disconnected without turning off things?
Can I power an interactive 'live' wall with copper tape and a 15v ac adapter?
How to scan for and detect bio-energy? Does the technology exist?
How do I implement a simple finite state machine with 2 T flip-flops?
Help with PN512 basic PCB antenna design
Understanding basic behavioural Verilog: simple RAM module
How do you compute a product machine from two finite state machine transition tables?
Solution for level-translation (3.3V Arduino Due <-> 5V shield)
How to Create an RGB LED Display for Raspberry Pi?
Question about long-term support for legacy board designs
using the PS2 keyboard library with Arduino Leonardo
What is difference between I2C and TWI?
Is it possible to build DRAM out of discrete transistors and capacitors?
Embedded Programming for Beginners: Arduino or Raspberry Pi?
Are there electronic devices that can be used to replace hydraulic cylinders with short strokes
Background needed for a simple RF transmitter/receiver pair
Software to design and simulate circuits?
Cassette Input From TRS-80 - Design Review
Programming methods for detecting liquid drops with phototransistor
Verilog memory designs with multiple read/write ports - poor circuit performance when synthesized?
What is a Low Drop Constant Current Driver (LDCCD)?
Character (HD44780 based) LCD backlight is always on
How to offset program location in memory with MPLABX XC8?
How do they integrate logic into a DRAM process while manufacturing SDRAM?
Sending data to CPLD
Raspberry Pi as JTAG programmer?
Are there limitations on stacking Boosterpacks for the TI Launchpads?
How to tell if chips overheat while soldering
What exactly is voltage?
Packet loss in CAN
Repurpose an old lamp with LEDs. Where to start
Different behaviour when using single supercap vs several in series
What was the advantage of a 64-bit processor in the N64?
Capacitive pen input sensors on screen edge
Who program this microcontroller?
Why would an op-amp use BJTs over MOSFETs?
Why do they add a TRIAC after an MCP3020 optocoupler?
How does a wifi antenna work in full-metal laptops?
What should the input voltage be for a L7805CV voltage regulator?
Problem with PIC18F46J50 family USB enumeration
Mesh Analysis with a ideal current source
Options for wiring TTL camera to a Linux chip?
Does "50Mhz Oscilloscope" mean that it can plot up to only 50Mhz frequencies or its bandwith is 50Mhz?
IR Thermometer Design
VHDL Finite State Machine Pattern Checker
Selecting a GPS module for a mobile robot
How to drive this 7 segment led?
Arduino with multiple LEDs and timers
Inductive vs. capacitive PCB layout
Ideal analog switch to replace BJT / MOSFET in the modern world
How to search for a component?
What is "Two in hand" coil winding ? How does it affect the inductor?
Why does this simple VHDL pattern for a shift register not work as expected
Obtaining and loading a battery chart
Increase resolution of voltage divider
What is "gain" a measurement of in electronics?
Is there a preferred placement of termination resistor for a differential clock line?
Serial / UART to Bluetooth module
Xbee series 2 - router or end device firmware?
AVR 1.1V Internal ADC Reference Over-Voltage
Advantage of SanDisk iNAND?
Do I need a current limiting resistor when powering an LED below its forward voltage?
Buffering Micro-SD data for power saving useful?
Custom VGA output : what resolutions are expected to work?
Calculating what frequencies a dielectric can be considered perfect
Properly testing a USB power supply
PIC, SPI problem with SD card and other devices
Converting Instantaneous kW to kwH
Digital Electronics
Measuring voltage while maintaining isolation
Implementing the Digilent EPP
What happens if I put two batteries in series with different amperage?
How many capacitors are required 3.3 V rail for 500 mA?
Solid state relay for home lights application
Is it fairly common to fry a programmer during the learning process of PIC programming development?
Editing embedded components in Eagle
How should we account for the length of series termination resistors for length matching?
Measuring Noise and Ripple using multimeter
Can I reduce rpm further of a gear motor by using PWM?
Does Inductor saturation current play an effect in SMPS design?
Can I increase resistance to cut down on LED power consumption?
Voltage multiplier calculations
Why Altium routes trace to the side of the pad?
How to protect an electronic construction kit (a toy) from damages?
Operational Amplifier Feedback
DS1307 power failure problem
How does this continuity/mains tester work?
MIPS Relative Addressing
Intersection Turning Movement counts
Is there a solution for keeping circuits with low frequencies small?
How to Design a State Feedback Controller using an algorithm
AC Current Sensor to detect treadmill usage
Transfer function of frequency shifted signal
Why does my laptop charger beep?
Building a "Photo Booth" without the booth?
power cable: more strands, or bigger strands?
Would a 100k ohm resistor or motor emit more heat
Techniques to make art with PCB Silkscreen in Altium
Is equivalent resistance always lower if we add a resistor to a passive electronic circuit?
How do I write to SPI flash memory?
Qm.n multiplication in VHDL
Design doesnot work properly when clock net delay is slightly higher in spartan3a fpga
What resistor (or indeed do I even need one)?
How to complete 3D Export PCB in Altium
Capacitor running hotter than I think it should
Phone charger reading no amperage?
How are Zener maximum power ratings derived?
Understanding Flip Flops/Registers in Low Level
Z-parameters. Is Z12*Z21 always greater or equal zero if a circuit has only resistors?
How to export Slots in Altium?
What is the difference between a voltage-level translator and a logic-level translator?
Timers and internal clock generator on Freescale MCU
CMOS vs TTL Logic Gates?
How is rise time related to bandwidth of the signal?
How to implement a 2-to-4 mux
Are there any RF remote control circuits without any ICs?
Power a device from 12v adapter instead of ac wall adapter
How to calculate Real Power and Power Factor using an Oscilloscope?
Can't figure out schematics error
TL494CN and error amplifier
What is the best way to understand a large existing HDL core?
How to calculate the LNB output frequency from a satellite transponder?
Using a relay to switch between 230VAC inputs
The modification of Instruction set
wifi antenna issue signal amp 10 dbi antenna
Basic electronic watch
Can I substitute a mono potentiometer for a stereo one?
How does an LED connect in a circuit?
Should a fuse with the correct amps, but is physically too small, still power my stereo unit?
Do I need a flyback diode?
Buck switching regulator based on ATtiny84a -- please critique!
"Side channel" information on laptop audio jack?
What determines the number of bits for the address field in a cache memory?
How does a fuse blow at its current rating, regardless of voltage?
Driving Relay Board with Shift Register (Shift vs Sink)
Eliminate hiss and noise
What is the function of a Logic board on a Hard disk?
Datasheet comparison
Closed loop plant-control system
Multi-Device JTAG
How to calculate a current being drawn by a full wave rectifier diode bridge?
Connecting 5 pin 3.5MM Stereo Jack Socket to TDA2822M
(NPN) Why is the collector current at saturation, less than the collector current in the forward active mode?
How to burn Arduino Uno bootloader to ATMega328P via CP2102 USB-2-UART?
Why does conventional electricity flow out of + in a battery, but out of - in components?
How do I get a relay to recognize when a TRRS jack is plugged into my iphone?
why could i see IR light in a camera?
Need Help With A Component(Octal D Flip Flop)
Different ringing patterns on flyback output
Home Automation using Arduino and Android
High Current Pulse on LED
Benchtop power supplies: linear vs switching?
pic adc read data
How can I convert a PNP to NPN transistor?
How thick (or thin) is the die/wafer inside an IC?
Correct PWM approach for best brightness
How best to power more than one Arduino board as part of a single project
Strange Results With a 3x7 Segment LEDs
Finding the value of a capacitance in a dynamic RAM cell? (Digital Electronics)
Is there a way to open/import gschem .sch file in qucs?
How does the ZX80 keyboard avoid ghosting and masking?
How to create a current/load-dependent dc voltage source?
Ramp generator using 555 timer
Is it possible to attach PNP counter to an NPN encoder?
Verilog proper use of high impedance value?
Jumpy servo with arduino
Difference between negative terminal and copper ground?
Is it possible to detect a transmitter that comes within a certan range?
Can't run PIC24EP128MC206 at rated speed
How to read data from a 3.5mm headphone jack?
Converting 10 bit (2:8) value to 14 bit (6:8) result
Verilog asynchronous reads of regs - and design question
Undervolting PWM fan from 12V to 5V
Is this a SPST Off-(NO) N/O NO Latching Push Button Switch
Automating test vector in Verilog HDL
Help on MPPT for solar panels
Is this a breadboard?
How to measure distance from moving object using RFID?
How can I drive a 12V automotive relay with a uC running on 5V
LED Driver Sink Current
What are the important design considerations when laying out a PCB?
LDO LP2992 5V Naming
Video Composite signals
Does appliance wattage differ by country, since the voltage does?
simple, energy efficient circuit to make single IR LED blink
What is the nature and history of UL capacitor recognition?
Does lacquer coat protect a PCB from ESD damage?
False Positives on Arduino Input
Having trouble soldering headphone wires
Using MOSFET to switch device
Are there any alternatives for 74LS__ chips?
Multi-Core microcontroller eval boards?
Suggestion for USB sniffing SW
Selecting proper vales of Rb, Re and and Rbe in a NPN transistor emitter follower configuration?
Multimeter ranges
What is CLK in UART/USART used for?
Is there any arduino module to control water flow?
Help with figuring out asus motherboard capacitor values
Lipo battery monitor for 1s-6s packs
Electricity theft from radar transmissions
Simple way to measure amps with a volt meter?
How can create a simple circuit that will drain a battery in a few hours
What exactly do we write in a test vector?
How to create a square wave signal with 120MHz
How to limit coin cell battery voltage to 2.0V and below?
Is this desoldering hack likely to work?
Breadboard layout question
Why is the output of stateful elements often named Q?
Can a DC motor with obstructed movement be damaged?
Data Flow level Programming in Verilog
Would this Solid State Relay work to control my portable electric heater?
Measuring external voltage on Arduino
Should electrolytic capacitors get hot?
What factors affect the brightness of electroluminescent wire?
Enc28j60 - no communication over ethernet
How can I measure the current draw of a device without powering it?
Gating TTL UART Tx pin to simulate BREAK for arbitrary time periods
Can I draw power for a component while this charger is charging the battery?
Why does grounding the negative line to the earth eliminate the noise in circuits?
6 Volt Futaba Servo controlled by a 5V Arduino
Need some help understanding PIC memory map
Simplest circuit for making Christmas lights flash
PA84 op amp instability at high(er) +/- V_s supply voltages
Tracking movement
What can be the reason that oscilloscope is showing voltages 10 times more than expected?
A basic buck converter circuit to power 3W LEDs from PC power supply?
Problem with high voltage in a project
technology to search small objects like pendrive, key-chains etc
Why am I measuring a voltage on the output of an audio amplifier with no input signal?
matrix of connection
Matching IC drive capacitance with MOSFET input capacitance?
Reading from SPI flash more than 35 bytes causes driver timeout and results to corrupt
Simulating IBIS Model in modelSim
How do I calculate parameters of LC filter from component values?
240V AC Relay with Arduino
How to find a replacement for an antiquated transistor 2N2148
Find the DC component of a Full wave rectifier (DC Power supply)
How to control 4 relays with a not chip (7404)
Control DC circuit with an AC lock switch
Does transmitting break over FTDI chipset yield a binary 0 received on the receiving end?
Ethernet Without a Switch?
Ethernet Without Magnetics?
Calculate the effects of cooling fans on a system?
Reading frequency of an audio signal from Android device
Best way to control 130 - 140 LEDS with Arduino Uno 32/64 bit led drivers?
Synthesize VHDL into discrete TTL integrated circuits
Passive UMTS antenna
Does Wifi signal strength affect link speed?
Large difference between specced values and real values for LED strips?
Reparing a Chinese power supply Unit
trouble with arduino standalone circuit and xbee
Make a symmetrical power supply with a single power source
Can I safely and efficiently connect batteries parallel to a DC source?
Can an old pentium III processor still be useful?
Can LEDs or optocouplers be used without a resistor if PWM is used?
When scoping the CLK and DATA lines of a PS/2 keyboard it looks... rather odd
zigbee communication
How to run controller continuously
IC/Microcontroller logic gates
Is there a reason to use smps regulators over modules
Using a USB device locally on 2 computers
STM32F407 board
Reticulation Controller
Problem compiling verilog
AND gate design using MOSFETs
Wye-delta transform derivation
When to use STD_LOGIC over BIT in VHDL
Accurate ADC sampling with in-accurate clock
Building an oscillator out of discrete gates
Time of flight difference in hardware
How to get A, B and C values for this thermistor?
Handling register updates in Modbus systems
Configure Quartus 2 Simulator to run for longer
v-usb, zener diodes and circuit
SMPS design, requirement of generating High Frequency
7-segment LED display with multiple digits
How to generate wait until division is over in verilog?
Difference between Open Loop and Closed Loop Hall Effect Current Sensor
Solder does not stick to tip of soldering iron?
How fast does a 64-bit multiply or divide execute on an FPGA?
Selecting bias resistor for thermistor
Is an Arduino capable of managing a 3D printer and additional modules?
How to shift cursor of a ST7032i based LCD?
Useless input - logic circuits drawing convention
Can I use I2C bus or GPIOs as I2C to connect I2C devices?
Full-bridge converter rectifier kicks
How can I calculate a Joule Thief
Interfacing a PIC microcontroller to different logic levels
What are tin whiskers and what causes them?
Electrical current's role in a processor?
Can't figure out EIA-232 (RJ45) to DB9 cable... (seems simple!)
If supply amperage is higher than max. amperage, do I need a resistor?
5V DC Voltage stabilizer circuit
7475 IC strange behavior
Application of buffer chip in serial communication
BLDC Motor Driver Losses
What is meant by shallow diffusion in silicon fabrication technology
I2C device doesn't sink enough current
Can this temperature-controlled fan circuit be modified for different input voltage?
What sort of applications does the normal distribution have in electrical engineering?
Forward Error Correction code, Reed Solomon, Turbo Code, Low-density parity-check
Time of charge of capacitor of complex circuit
Problem with octal buffers
Is this boolean expression reducible?
Does an ARM (LPC21xx) Programmer pulls P0.14/BSL to ground?
alternative fix to: How can I calculate a Joule Thief
VHDL Logic Simplification
Zener Diode Circuit Sees Voltage without source applied
Flip Flops and Propagation Delay
How to suppress terrible noise from MAX7219?
wavelength and L/C ratio
Heartbeat amplifier
Unijunction transistor in LTspice?
Program only runs when debugging in GDB - using Open OCD and Olimex arm-usb-ocd-h jtag to program at91sam3su
How to determine type of through-hole resistor?
Why are loudspeakers manufactured in various impedance values?
Considerations in a bench/lab power supply?
powering 12 v lights from an electric fence
HID descriptor to use for a Playstation 2 controller
Installing a "battery controller" on my desktop motherboard
Component Identification
Why do we use bridge rectifier?
How do I load the Demo temperature program on an MSP 430 access point and end point?
Any resources to understand Clamper circuit?
What kind of knob fits a slotted potentiometer shaft?
Best way to remove pins from IC storage tubes?
Op Amp different supply voltage than signal voltage
IC Max IO Pin Current
Reading a Open Loop Current sensor
How do I make sense of schematic diagrams?
How to create small engine with timer
Implementing a continuous time transfer function in PC code
NPN transistor CE or EC?
How to calculate index and tag fields lengths for a cpu cache?
Learn CPLD from zero
Fading RGB led with ATtiny2313 timer
Power management for a bus/self powered USB device
What should attaching another magnet to the back of the speaker magnet do?
Is this bandwidth calculation exactly correct?
'long' distance arduino daisy chain
Make a small computer using Intel chips
Anyone know the purpose of these two inductors around a metallic ring?
How can we say an Intel i7 processor is a microprocessor?
clamp low voltage signal
"Giant Pixel", low-energy component?
Electronics Workbench file structure
P-channel MOSFET ZVS Flyback Driver
How to charge backup battery with single regulator?
Memory interface for video output
Can DAQ devices be used as Oscilloscopes?
Early Effect, Ebers-Moll, Common Emitter Resistance, reverse alpha/beta and saturation current
How to shift differential signal to read with single ended adc?
Question regarding fuses
Connecting to an EEPROM
Is it possible that a new transistor is not good even if a current runs through it?
Advice needed for replacing old ER3055 transistor
Scanalogic DIY Logic Analyzer, Extending Sample Time
Driving servos using microcontroller and current limiting
What makes a short-circuited circuit have little current?
Replacement for 5610 Transistor
How can I understand FPGA?
pBlazSim Picoblaze simulator - Trouble Getting Started
Why do some power adapters output an AC voltage?
Is there a good replacement for stripboard in the surface mount world?
volt-ampere (VA) rating of UPS
SMALL BOX Solution - To control/reduce power consumption in household electrical appliances?
Draw busbars in qelectrotech
Need Quartis II CPLD tutorial for learning VHDL from ZERO
Checking maximum current provided by charger, how?
Arduino UNO resets when driving servo
Sampling frequency required to detect peaks
I need help getting my computer to talk to my Arduino Uno
SD card as ROM memory in a microcontroller
I2C wiring help
Unable to find a source for rotary mirrors, how should I search for them?
rs-232 theoretical maximum speed
Building a 3x3x3 LED cube?
Different package size of the same component
How can an experieced programmer get into embedded programming and robotics
Finding pins for relay
Can I drastically undervolt/underpower a relay?
Confusion between MW and MWh
How to detect RS232 and USB connectivity?
Why do I have to unplug the STM32F4 discovery card to update program?
How to safely discharge high voltage (> 42 V) capacitors?
Mobile Server Uplink / GPS Coordinate Packet?
verilog_code_compilation problem
Why is there always fixed rated current for an SMPS?
How to wire a PIC32MX795 so it can be used as a Host (OTG) or device
Am I designing this circuit correctly using Arduino?
Can I use a DC SSR that is switched by a PID controller to control the speed of a 12 V DC fan?
Why gate drive transformer is not connected directly to the gates in this App Note?
Electronic Reset SW
LED brake lights - detecting voltage drop?
How to calculate a PNP transistor thermal dissipation?
What type of grease could I use to pack in my connector to prevent corrosion?
Always getting ser_recv() on upload
DC Power Supply Safe Ranges
ups 12v 9ah batteries not charging
EEPROM or SD card storage for a general logger application?
non-linear load (rectifier) and power factor
Why is Ethernet So Power Hungry?
Inductor purpose
How to identify faulty or Fake (Duplicate) ICs?
Determining if a power supply is isolated?
Why is my instrumentation amplifier's gain non-linear?
Can I change the input voltage for this temperature-controlled fan circuit:?
Is Kalman filter suitable for smoothing sound spectrum?
How does an swr meter directional coupler work?
Using LCD module with poor / missing datasheet
Understanding a Momentary Switch Circuit to Power Up Mains
Passive wind cancellation - possible?
Can a Bluetooth 4.0 BLE device talk to a Bluetooth 2.1 device at the most basic level?
Can I use both a wifi shield and an LCD shield on my Arduino Uno?
How to buffer an ATMEGA for millisecond-level power interruption without strange behavior?
What's the use-case for gain selection on a DAC?
How to drive and control capacitive load?
Why does a multimeter show VAC on VDC power supply output?
Why IC 4081 is taking 2-5 seconds to set the output to low
Scaling PWM amplitude by switching an analog DC voltage?
What is the standing wave ratio (SWR)?
Wrapping data cable around ferrite rod
What exactly does a diode do?
Power and decibels
Can electronics be damaged by plugging into a lighting dimmer circuit?
Resolved: Howto re-wire Sony Simulview 3D glasses for Dual Play Support
Acceptable voltage spikes
Using a WiFi antenna for UMTS
DIY schematic for solar lamp
Paralleling of Power Transformers
ATmega16 Timerr Fast PWM
How do you make a component only be on when a capacitor powers it?
Boost converter can't power load. What are the limitations?
Why does analog video signal in computers change?
How to check if my multimeter's fuse is damaged?
What is the purpose of a capacitor to ground?
Problem in CNY70 sensor
PCB layout for high ampere
What are the little brown things on the back of a Pentium 4?
Help in designing a speaker driven by an LM386
Consumer Batteries Needed to Ignite a 10ohm Resistor
Why is it only one of four batteries (Li Ion) is drained?
What do I need in order to build and test a ferrite rod antenna for a specific frequency?
free drawing on a touch screen, interacting with physical objects
How to attach normal Phone handset to jack 3.5
Setting RNG (Random Number Generator) boundries
Resistor values calculation: how to arrive at these values? (Make: Electronics example 10)
Stalling and Flushing in MIPS Piplining
Lightweight, flat batteries
i2c problem on LPC2148
What does ND mean on part numbers?
Problem with RF transmitter/reciever and VirtualWire
Why is carry on for an adder that is simply on?
PN512 not starting?
1-Wire Interfaces
What is the proper name or part number of a 12V DC female car adapter with leads?
Access Register/signal from Multiple Modules (Shared Memory)
How do I find out power requirements from AC / DC specs?
Dirty electricity filters how do they work?
What serial signalling format is this? (RS-485?)
Simplest Way to step down the 220AC with more than 10% efficiency
How to use a SN75441 h-bridge in conjunction with an arduino
General Purpose Solder for Beginner's Toolbox?
Do dimmer switches work properly with any kind of lamp?
How to connect ground planes together
Best sensor for breathing activity?
FPGA firmware design: How big is too big?
Most efficient way to handle addressing / termination in a daisy-chained CAN bus?
Circuit for controlled buffer
viewing microcontroller's output
how to convert a Sync-on-green to VGA (seperate sync) signal?
How to Read Wheatstone Bridge negative voltage with Arduino?
DAC - how this particular dac works
What will I need to know to make a mini-camera?
Reading a voltage divider schematic
how is TCP/IP protocol converted to electrical circuit
What is the reference pin on an instrumentation amplifier used for?
PIC18F2550 Limits
how are chips and ics build
Questions about RS-232-like naming and standards
How to communicate between 8051 microcontroller and PC
Hyper terminal equivalent in windows 8
How is microphone's frequency response determined
Simulating real world transformer with LTSpice
Is it still possible to find Braun Lectron System around, or equivalent ?
How to connect 2 devices to single USART?
DVD player power supply circuit strange behavior. Need help to understand root cause
High voltage H-bridge diode
inout port in VHDL RS232 Module from Digilent
Ground question
Recognizing good quality electrolytic capacitors
How to eliminate the forbidden state in an SR latch?
Instrumentation Amp Voltage issue
Matching RF traces
How do I get the msp430 EZ430-RF2500 to communicate with an MPU-6000 gyroscope over SPI?
What is the minimum current I need to supply to a Spartan-6 pin in order to register a high signal?
Cheap USB device for capturing state of ~64 sensors
Wiring a 74LS259 (addressable latch)
USB webcam to composite video via Software?
Connecting 3.3 and 5 V devices
Controlling Transformer Output
Physics behind switch bounce when opening?
Sensibility and health hazards of reflowing computer PCBs in a domestic oven
iMac 21.5" power supply is dead. 220 coming in, nothing coming out
Synthesis error for generated IP express single port RAM with shift register design
Diagnosing LCD backlight inverter problem
What is the most accurate and cheap way to figure out the distance between two points electronically?
Multiples voltage on a optoisolated MCU input problem
Arduino shows voltage drop, voltmeter doesn't
How feasible is it to wire into common household measuring instruments with a solid grasp of electrical engineering?
Can I remove unneeded 2 plugs from PCI-E power cable?
Cutting and resoldering CPU chassis fan power cables
Flush/slotted actuated rotary switch knob?
Half voltage on output pin under load?
I2C Issue at 400KHz
No response from device when using rs485
Can we connect battery negative terminal to oscilloscope ground?
Why is there resistance present between Power supply terminals even in off condition?
Desigining a synchronous FSM
How does __delay_cycles work?
how to add a motor to a potentiometer?
What is the practical benefit from very sharp probe tip and fast continuity test of DMM?
Touching SPI clock pin results in loss of sync
Is it safe to use a higher value capacitor?
Update Facebook Status message using an Atmega16 microcontroller
LCD rated at max 5.5 V used at 6V
Generate a printed circuit board from code?
PIC32mx UART scrambled text
switch small DC voltage with 90v. 30hz AC signal
Difference between link-aggregated 10x10GbE and "True" 100GbE
Documenting Digital Design - Schematics and Figures
Generating servo signal in atmega2560
Use XBee IO with out microcontroller
USB differential pair length
Negative resistance, impact on voltage source?
Using a multimeter to measure the current of a microprocessor
Soldering Iron Tip Tinning
Nixie Tube IC Pin - What is it?
What is learnt in electrical engineering undergraduate courses?
New to breadboarding and IC
A book that talks of how computer hardware is designed
funky values out of ADC on STM32
Connecting SDI and SDO to a single DATA pin
How to say whether INL and DNL of a DAC is good enough?
What's the difference between ATMega1284 and ATMega1284p?
Current amplifier concept in solar panel
RC pulldown on the MDI lines between the ethernet PHY and RJ45 Connector
Incremental optical encoder output to Matlab Simulink
What are the advantages of larger SMD pads at the ends of a SOIC land pattern?
STM32F2 build environment
How do I calculate the power output of a 12 unit trickle charger for mobile phones?
Implementing HID input device with an Atmel AVR32
Do I need a protection diode here?
DC dummy load max power
Unable to communicate with a deice over rs485
SMPS power supply shows strange AC voltage output
How to stop a switched current affecting an IC?
Why amplifiers (RC coupled) are based on voltage divider bias?
Why does BLDC Motor Spin Slower with Same Duty Cycle at Higher Frequencies?
Value of M-Ary?
Maximize performance LM386 and 4Ohm speaker
Bluetooth Wireless Audio Module (V3.0/V4.0) for us audio interested laymans?
Can I charge and discharge a NiCd/NiMh battery at the same time?
What do the two series-connected, forward biased diodes do?
Best Approach for Long-Distance Sensors
Use unused SPI MISO pin for I/O on ATTiny
What dielectric liquids can be used as coolants?
Is the Cortex M0 really low-power?
Half Bridge Controller not working
Need help with PIC16F887 PWM output
microcontroller for custom laptop
converting lots (100+) of analogue audio sources to RTP/UDP/'IP packets'?
Why is my constant current source (LED driver) pulsing?
Why high voltage from TV flyback shocks you without the need to complete a circuit?
Applications of DIO (Digital Input Output)
Resistance to Digital converter
negative logic and positive logic gates
How to remove enamel from wire?
Negative feedback output question
Negative logic and low-level signal
Trouble in using MT3329 SKM53 GPS module
Analog Audio Tape Equalization: Why a Time Constant instead of a Corner Frequency?
Another matlab figure question
How to prevent a resistor receiving a too high power?
Gate array propagation delay times
Can BJT transistors be damaged by static electricity?
Microcontroller with rotary encoder and bluetooth capabilities
Programming/Debugging with ICD3 and PIC16F819-I/P
Is there a special way to solder to these LED thermal pads?
Is it possible to cut a breadboard?
PIC24 Internal Oscillator and Instruction cycles
On my Arduino, why is this LED always on, even though I told it to turn off?
Tips for Analyzing Circuit with Transistors
5V USB for motorcycle using MC33063A
Connect fingerprint sensor to serial PC
Answering landline calls with an arduino
calculating RMS noise
SOT-223 Thermal Pad and Vias
Number of gates in series
Arduino Mega 2560 stuck at uploading
Why does the ionosphere reflect HF but allow VHF signals to penetrate through?
Picking out correct MOSFET for solenoid PWM control?
How to determine if a motor is spinning
What exactly are pins in the package?
Map processor to circuit diagram
Why are low frequency channels (10kHz - 200kHz) especially susceptible to interference?
How to use a transformer to power a 5V chip (an Atmega328)?
Number of pins of combination of gates
How to stabilize this control system?
Boundary scan - High speed interfaces
Building a motorcycle accessory power connector - Values for capacitors and diodes?
Peltier generators series vs parallel
Converting from int to string for AVR ATmega32
How are logic gates created electronically?
How good is my xtal design on my pcb?
Receiving input from RS232 and reading it with Arduino board
1-wire verses CAN-bus for home sensing network?
PS/2 info search
How much power does 5V and 6A provide in Watts?
subsituting one transformer for another
1 x male micro USB to 2 x female
How does GPS calculate time
Cannot understand how does Arduino memory work for program code
What happens when I connect the GND of a LDO in a Diode to the real GND?
Diodes in parallel or series
What is the green/red drag line in Altium?
Can I find out the change in angle between two wooden sticks connected to each other with a stepper motor?
How to join 3 traces is a PCB?
Physics/chemistry understanding of PMOS and NMOS to form CMOS
Monitor DC Power Usage
What is the right way to understand the behaviour of shocking voltage?
HBridge short circuit between switches
PIC: Global variable not modified inside interrupt handler
Using a voltage divider on LED IC driver output
LED control via USB to Parallel Port in Linux
Underground cables and resonances in range of frequencies
Options to send an ID signal
Online guide to electronics
PIC: UART transmit corrupted after watchdog sleep
Desiging FSM using D flip flop
Can we attach LED to VGA port and make it light up, the same way we do in Parallel Port?
USB ground on MSP430 Launchpad interfering with Comparator_A input voltage
Arduino serial communication produces noise on electret microphone
Can I connect vcc to vdd?
Can I make a rectifier to convert from AC to DC?
How to choose a PIC for a BLDC Motor Controller?
How to Find Time Constant of a BLDC Motor?
Extending the range of a Remote Keyless Entry RKE key fob
how do I supply 3.3V from my 5V arduino pro mini?
Software (or website) to visualize binary sequences
How can I detect my vehicle's shifter position? Will a Hall Effect Sensor work?
Battery monitor gauge for embedded development
Op-Amp tester on LM4250
Variable Reluctance Machines - what does the 6/4 or the 8/6 values mean?
Protecting AVR flash from reading through ISP?
Reading an IR signal and running one of 5 motors
Cheapest iButton (1-wire) adaptor/programmer scheme
Is it possible to solder or otherwise connect to this camera chip by hand?
Arduino : Finding ADC & Pin Change in same pin
What is the capacity of capacitors in this power supply circuit?
Pull-down resistor with ADM485
Calculating current load for a switch?
Why JTAG connectors are available in 10pins/14pins/20pins when JTAG is of 5pins
When to change a PCB number and when to change the Revision?
MCP6N11 reference voltage problem
My LED strip arduino setup doesn't use a resistor. Is that okay?
Removing DC wander in the offset of a DC-biased audio signal
Generate gate with a parametrized number of inputs
Looking for a quick and easy way to boost +5VDC to +24VDC
detect a change in state of voltage divider without using ADC
Trying to understand range and frequency of an RFID reader
VGA interfacing with PIC
Current through the reverse biased junction in transistor
Low Frequency, High Voltage Oscillator
DC Motor - Laptop Charger
USB connection with overvoltage protection
Does a low-quality UPS affect its battery life?
PSpice Op Amp Capture Problems
Termination of a convolutional encoder vs. state register reset
Starting FPGA project on Xilinx - trouble with some basics! Coming from Altera background
How do I connect a 14-pin ZIF?
Can we operate a 6VDC Relay using Parallel Port signal, without a Darlington Transistor, with only these components?
Polarized capacitors in common emitter amplifier
Computer controlled electronics
Ground loop problem with Power over Ethernet
PIC24f16KL402 skipping values at serial port
Ferrite bead in USB
Will a MMBT5087 saturate with a 1K resistor in the base?
What does this schematic symbol represent?
RGB led each color on at a specific voltage
FCC Pre-Certification Testing
Mobile/Cell Phone Power consumption?
Adding WiFi to OSLess embedded device
Why would this wire be shielded?
Is there a PIC development tool like Texas Instruments's EZ430‑F2013 to help introduce me to PIC?
Why not to use a P-Channel MOSFET in this circuit?
What are Normalized graphs?
BJT Saturation Design Point?
Patching stereo audio into an old car's tape deck
ADC: Need to convert 10V-32V(from battery 0-32V) range to 0-5V
Cheap linear actuator recommendations?
How to switch both AC and DC voltage to a load
RF current output from microcontroller?
Microcontroller with more than one serial port
Voltage holder circuit configuration circuit
PIC: Watchdog timer off by a factor of 4
Generate a reset signal from a falling edge trigger
Identifying rotary encoder
+ and - meaning in Tx+ and Tx- in cable pairs?
What is the mathematical relationship between MOSFET switching frequency (motor speed control) and motor speed in rpm?
VHDL: Signal vs Port
Can I replace the power adapter of 12V/0.8A with one of 12V/2A?
Methods or any innovative ways to check the correct layer order independent of the customer given layer stack data
Wheatstone bridge calculation
Generating sawtooth signal out of square/triangular signal
Servo Current Draw When Moving
Optotriac+triac: how do I calculate the gate resistor
How to understand this label on part?
A separate MCU to cutoff LiPo on low voltage?
I2C combining read and write operation
How do I make a Polypropylene box static resistant?
Converting 0 to 24V analog signal to 0 to 5V for ADC input?
RFID Emulator Software
Memory IC width vs depth
Is a Schottky diode appropriate for reverse polarity protection?
Why can't resistors be used to connect cathode pins to GND instead of segment pins to VDD with a 7-segment display?
calculating FSM's maximum clock frequency
Pullup or direct drive when handling active low inputs/resets?
Soldering small connector to a wire
Can we build capacitors on a PCB board?
What does the abbreviation IP in "System-on-Chip (SoC) infrastructure IP applications" stand for?
Software PWM on a PIC10F202 (looped fading LED)
Frequency shift
JTAG vs SWD debugging
Testing an inductors self reasonant frequency
can a fan regulator could act as a transformer?
How do I pan in EagleCAD with an Apple MagicMouse
distance detection and prevention methods
Bluetooth vs Bluetooth Smart (Low Energy)
Control AC using FET
Cellphone charger has no transformer?
DC Motor control
Power of a heater
PIC: Debug power consumption issues
PIC: What clock is used to program the PIC?
Schematic Critique: Phy interface with RJ45/Magnetics
EagleCAD symbol shows 4 leads for 3 lead voltage regulator
CON1 to USB connector cable
Constant current source
What thickness of wire should be used to power Arduino on 9 meters?
How to self start a MOSFET multivibrator circuit
Multiple masters for i2c device
Active 433Mhz RF tag battery life question
What does this schematic symbol mean?
Calculating Capacitor Discharge Time
Does Fosc refer to the crystal frequency before or after PLL is applied for PIC18 microcontrollers?
Why Have Non-Zero Timing on a BLDC?
Why using resistors with the MAX232 chip?
Automobile Project (Electrical Parts Requirement)
Name for circuit with multiple paths with aim of reducing inductance
Relay activated with different power source
SDRAM on opposite side of board with respect to uC
Intelligently Charging and Profiling Lithium Polymer Battery Packs
Battery Backup: C10 vs C20
What does "Mean Voltage" stand for in an Oscilloscope?
How to connect multidigit 7seg common anode/cathode display to cascading shift register?
How can I drive 12v LEDs from my Arduino Nano?
How to calibrate multiple light sensors at once?
adding a yagi antenna to a bluetooth dongle
Determining Maximum Amplitute of Sinewave that can be applied to an OpAmp
Basic circuit to keep LED either on or off depending on night/day
Graphing / visualizing power tree?
Which is better: using a resistor with an LED, or "precisely" matching the Vs to the given LED's Vf rating?
Bluetooth Interference between piconets
How to connect mic on arduino, with opamp?
What is this component, and how can I use it?
What is the minimal set of parts for a circut with this AVR microcontroller?
What does a bad voltage regulator look like?
Is telephone and LAN wiring symmetrical?
Question about transformer design
Do electric kettle's take longer to boil in the USA due to lower mains voltage?
Is it possible to have too much decoupling?
LDO or switching Regulator
Audio amp distortion
How do I calculate the correct resistor, capacitor for a low pass circuit?
Practical lesson in capacitor types
In a boost converter, should ground plane be placed underneath the gate trace?
Is it safe, or even possible, to draw more power from a USB port than it was designed to provide
JTAG basic question
Prevent overcurrent while filter capacitor is charged
Combining Left and Right Hook Speaker Wires Into One Speaker
How to read a PWM with a separate ground using PIC?
Electrical Fire From Batteries
How do I know I'm not drawing too much current for my 3.3V supply?
Typical BJT npn transistor - Change 0-5V sensitivity
How does writing to output pins on PORTB affect RBIF interrupt on PIC16F877
Bipolar Transistor HBridge Motor Driver:
MOSFET heat calculation question
How to start with creating a device?
How to interface a (7.5 V AC) doorbell and an Arduino?
Need help with generating a bi-phasic current
What EMC considerations need to be made with RF bias-t with 3-4A of current consumption?
Is it valid to consider back-EMF in a DC motor equivalent to increased inductance?
Simple Implementation of the AD9834 DDS Chip
How do I select the most suitable voltage regulator?
building a 900Mhz long-range data communications network
Why not SRAM for FPGA in image processing?
Text editing memory management
Using CCM (Core Coupled Memory) in STM32F4xx
VHDL code compiling on quartus II
FTDI-based programmer works with ATmega but not ATtiny?
frequency generator and power supplies
Kill with voltage
What is the recommended way to protect a circuit from non-transient overvoltage?
Incorrect frequency from crystal oscillator
Mimicking an adapter with a dc power supply
Electret Microphone preamplification - will it work for dynamic type microphone?
What is the difference between "reverse stand off voltage" and "breakdown voltage" on a TVS?
If my battery charger says 160mA on the back, what does that mean to my 1800mAh batteries?
Is it bad design to use logic gates for multiplexing?
Is Rja in parallel with an external heatsink?
Capacitor discharge after charge
Equivalent voltage source for this charge pump
What does it mean for a signal to have an amplitude below 0 dB?
Why is the width of gate the length of barrier?
Generating a differential signal
H-bridge output voltage
Ground noise and voltage drop problem
Common ground and voltages
Proposal for building Low-Current 220VAC Current Detector
Need help understanding Ultra Low Power Wakeup on PIC16F887
A good technique for removing 50-pin SMD CF/MD card slot with Hot air
Please help to identify SOT23-5 packaged "T1-R17"
Why are the pins on the official arduino motor shield so long?
In a DC motor, is there one commutation point that is optimal in all respects?
Switching a current with an NPN transistor and a P-MOSFET
MOSFET and clamp on I2C interface lines as level tranlastor
Advice on Electronic Engineering Internships
Can I slow a CMOS output through an RC filter?
Does CW or SSB consume more power?
Is it practically possible to transfer electrical power around the World by wires?
How to select a good Ferrite Bead
Automatically discharging capacitor
Diode Bridge in Simulator not behaving as expected
Zener effect and Avalanche effect
Programmable power outlets?
How does a diode work?
Dangerous AC or DC
Cheap bracelet with indoor location tracking
Simplest circuit that flashes and fades color LEDs synchronized to music?
Can a charge-pump be 100% efficient, given ideal components?
Vrip equation doesn't seem to work
How can I measure back-EMF to infer the speed of a DC motor?
Which connection(s) to a decoupling capacitor should be shortest?
Running Microwave Oven interupts Wifi connection. Should I worry about it?
Getting started with an Arduino Ethernet board (not shield)
PS3 Sixaxis controller won't charge over USB
Properly simulating a NAND gate? (I'm building a computer in my computer)
Why are 10-pin DIP integrated circuits so uncommon?
Low-pass filter on microcontroller output
What technology would be ideal for a small rugged display module?
Techniques for analyzing Comparator circuits?
Common ground and voltages, Part 2
DS3232M Skips seconds when writing to SRAM
How can one label a node with more than one name in SPICE/ LTspice
How much voltage/amperage can a NPN transistor take?
Does something like a "reverse jumper wire" exist?
How do you work out ripple current for a Power supply design
Using multiple external interrupts in PIC
difference between throughput and bit rate?
Testing graphic LCD without code and wiring
LF RFID chip with protocol select
Drive Fight on 7400 Series
Schottky transistor, Not sure I understand it?
Code runs in simulation but not on chip
What is backdoor memory access?
How to design the value of capacitor for Capacitive DAC based on noise and mismatch analysis?
What kinds of short circuit detection circuits are possible?
SPICE Simulator at Linux
Converting 8 bit bmp to halftone bmp
Code Error 9 In Modelsim
I need to vary / delay a voltage to an HT coil, thus delaying the spark
Induction charging - What kind of calculations are involved?
What is this 4 pin connector called?
Small bluetooth chip to connect a phone with
What is the COM terminal on a DC Power Supply?
Are both of my SSRs broken or am I doing something wrong?
Pin properties in Diptrace
Can I simulate any component with LTSpice?
How can I determine if a microcontroller is damaged?
connecting Wheatstone bridge to pin 3 of LM324 changes voltage?
What is a secondary transformer?
Can I safely substitute a 4.7uF cap for a 5uF cap?
Wifi Module over UART with STM32 mcu
How to select a proper transistor?
Waterproofing outdoor wiring
Inductor behavior questions
2 loads not working together on the same battery
Peripheral Devices
Xilinx: .bit --> .SVF / .ACE
Is there a more realistic circuit simulator than Falstad's?
How is it possible to create wires/circuits that are nanometer in size?
How do I select the correct inductor value for the following buck regulator?
Digital electronics and number systems
Designing Power on failure system
Matrix and simulation
PCB Design - Copper Pour
Altera: Change JTAG clock speed
BCR402R - what is the purpose of Rext in this LED driver?
How do you simulate voltage noise with LTSpice?
How to make traces on an universal PCB?
Battery Charging - Electrical Model
How to implement a control system
Using the VO2223A to switch a 230Vac LED lamp
What does Vout-pp mean?
Powering a 12V and a 9V device from single power supply with LM7809 voltage regulator
Mobile AC Power Source for Projector?
Is it ok to connect the output of buck regulator in parallel?
transmitting 5v signal over a long cable
FPGA power usage estimate
Shift registers - what happens at single clock pulse?
How to safely ground a switching power supply with floating outputs?
Taking output from FIFO implemented in verilog
Designing a PoE Circuit
How do you properly ground a digital pot and an op-amp?
how do I output through GPIO pins instead of RS232 from a Z8 Encore MCU?
Do I need ISP isolation?
Will an oscillator be able to drive a transmission line
Convolution perfomed by an analog circuit
What are some uses of series and parallel circuits
Buried via annular ring size
Electromagnetic induction circuit
Antenna Array Solid Angle
Power line communication over 220V 50Hz main line
Ideal temperature and humidity for preventing problematic ESD conditions?
6-Layer Stackup for PCI express design
Building an 8 to 4 Encoder from a 8 to 4 Multiplexer?
Replace Expensive Transformer with cheaper alternative?
Help me understand the relationship between positive, negative, neutral and ground in AC and DC
Power Jack connection switch pin?
My son got shocked by a D cell battery
How to properly switch between two power sources with a MOSFET?
Practice hockey net
Building a pocket theremin
Shared GND on 2 ATX Power Supplies
Simple generator to light a series of LEDs question
Choosing TRIAC snubber resistor for multi-purpose switching
Need help with identifying diodes in a 1970s automotive circuit
What determins the available amps in an AC to DC converters (wall wart)?
current/voltage isolators in cars
Water level detection, where water is somewhat polluted and has significant dissolved salts
Soft core Processors VS Hard core Processors
Enable pin current limiting resistor?
Why does the CAN bus use a 120 ohm resistor as the terminating resistor and not any other value?
Effect of Changing polling time in hid interrupt transfer
Poor RF communications : looking for advices
Detecting dry-running of water pump
Rechargeable 1.2V AA Batteries vs Alkaline 1.5V?
Current measuring with PIC
arduino logging acceleration data
can I use a 5v 1a charger with a 5v 2a device?
Different Altera DE2 boards do not behave the same way
How do I find a "pin readout" equivalent for this omnivision cameracube?
Arduino logging vertical acceleration data
Using a soundswitch to activate a relay
Calculate current load for 8 motors
How to re-magnetize a permenent magnet motor of small size (model railroad)?
Not able to get graphic LCD to work with Uno
Briefly flash LED on low/high change
How to locate Altium libraries
How to create a part in eagle for a TO220-7 with bent leads
Of the two - which is the better archival media - Standard HDD or Flash
Does a self-powered USB device have to connect to VCC from the host port?
License dilemma Texas Instruments Code Composer v5 for Stellaris vs MSP430
Reading useful data from barcode input
Resistor in series with primary side of transformer failing
SysTick accuracy in STM32
how much bandwidth does a phone call require and how much is the capacity of a single E1?
TI Launchpad MSP430 on Serial in Linux
Using a variable resistor to dim an LED
Calculate power supply on distance
What do you call a switch/relay which switches on an appliance for a given set of time?
Fixed Point Division in verilog for Spartan 6
Feedback on this PCB
In which cases should I use Z as output in HDL?
Similarity between Atmega162 and Arduino
Quiescent power of BJT vs MOS transistors
Can I improve the directivity of an X-band radar module with integrated plane-patch antenna?
difference between voice and data services?
Can a soapbox-sized device dissipate 10-15W of heat? If yes, how?
Driving 3 digit seven segment using Arduino Uno R3 and a Demux
Is using same ground and VDD for MCU and motor driver module safe?
SuperNode Problem
why power supplies won't work with laptops?
Communication among briefcase halves
I2C on FFC or IDE cable - interference?
Starting with I2C on PIC18s
Parts identification: Y-cap, MOV or NTC?
To use delay in mealey state machine
PIC18F26K80 ADC calibration using Bandgap
TMR0 interrupt pic microcontroller
Statemachine as a separate module in VHDL?
Understanding Clock Input Signal
Please explain the details of cache circuit addressing
Can you identify the Xbox 360 battery pack connector?
Problems with Transistor TIP122
VO2223A datasheet query -- pin 5
Recommended way to connect the exposed pad to ground pins
Two wire vs. three wire serial interface for RTC
PIC24F Software Stack?
Modelling Capacitor Leakage
Feedback loop in Verilog
Clock conversion from 3.3v CMOS to 2.5v
Getting 10 LEDs in dual parallels to be brighter
Thermoplastic-based touch panels: why not?
When can a characteristic curve (here an amplifier) be considered linear?
LED specs for atx power on status
Microcontrollers/microprocessors and different bit versions, what's the difference?
Lithium-ion rechargeable battery, shelf life
Small, cheap, and simple driver for 16 RGB LEDs
How could I power an IC over the Ethernet?
Voltage Divider Supply (Unloaded and Loaded)
Lux meter - Voltage range problem measurment
How are current and voltage out of phase in capacitive circuit?
16x4 LCD not displaying anything
Voltage at common node in transistor
How to calculate access time for a cache simulation?
Measuring forklift battery's voltage
Constant current circuit with transistors/MOSFETs design comparison
Voltage shift to negative range
Read-out circuitry for resistive biosensor
Why using short traces with the MCP73831 LiPo charger?
Arduino sampling accelerometer
How to implement an ISP connector on my board
What do I do with the extra "ground chassis" tab on a DC power jack?
Altium error: Nets containing multiple input ports. What does this error mean?
Where to place a RC filter regarding decoupling capacitor?
Insertion loss and Envelope Delay
Teensy microcontroller showing slow fall time (but fast rise time)
Help with 555PWM motor control
PIC16F877A Resets
Smallest PIC which the TCP/IP stack can be implemented
Differences between Linear and Non Linear WECS models
Why does solder not conduct sometimes?
How are LFSRs used in real applications as PRNGs?
How can I detect angular movements and disregard lateral movements?
How do I change the properties of several objects at once?
Bluetooth protocol question
Infrared spotlight project, need x50 resistors. How many ohms what type to use?
Hand-matching resistors: high-end DMM vs Wheatstone bridge
Depletion Region of a FET
GSM Power Supply
Choosing an MCU in a time-effective way
RF transceiver WITHOUT built-in modulation
Coherence factor in Delay-And-Sum-Beamformer: Triangle Inequality
Several variations of the same chip, what does it mean?
FCC labeling rules - repackaged tablet
Can I pass a bit register as a function argument in Hi-Tech C compiler for PIC16?
Connecting an environmental sensor to multiple smart phones
Overview of typicals RAID/wear leveling algorithms used in SSD controllers
SignalTap II: OR trigger conditions, instead of AND
Who receives the value returned by main()?
Set toggle rate in Quartus II
Capacitor and ISP issue
Best way to group power pins on a connector?
PROGMEM data vs. calculated data
Explanation for transistor as amplifier
Weird behaviour of the ADC of an AVR
ALU implementation in Verilog: how to handle negative numbers?
How to control the brightness of this 7 segment LED display?
Need suggestions for amaster thesis on wireless sensor systems
Underwater distance measurement/Sensing
10V DC Power Supply help
MCP3008 ADC , Reading 16 bits instead of 10 bits
Stm32f discovery internal clock
Issues with going to small passives
How can I efficiently drive an LED?
PCB Prototyping and Fabrication
daisy chain ethernet: performing arbitration on an FPGA
Does turning a lighbulb on and off repeatedly use more energy than just leaving it on for hours?
How do I get an Excellon Drill file with 2.4 precision and trailing zero suppression out of EAGLE?
Calculating gain on Op Amp with AC voltage
Serial NOR Flash - Vague
Choosing relay to operate water pump
How to interface a digital scale strain gauge weight sensor with a microcontroller?
Does shutting down and repowering CPU consume more energy?
Measuring 32V using ADC of Atmega8
What is "offset null" in IC 741?
How do I limit the maximum power, delivered to a heater, through a triac?
sub-kilohertz channel spacing with PLL
DC-DC Buck Regulator: Embedded or External MOSFET
Performing different actions on the same timer
Low priced universal USB ARM JTAG that works with a broad range of devices and SDK's?
Can I switch sound like this?
Large battery, small component. Issues?
Arrows on connections in schematics
Help me understand triac maximum current and when to use a heatsink
How to measure phase angle of 3 phase by microcontroller
What are all the components used in this sketch?
Spec'ing an always-on alarm/tracker for a car battery
Why battery specs are given in contextless mA·h instead of meaningful W·h?
MicroSDHC "WP_VIOLATION" recurring Error
What is the correct way to indicate a NC (no connect) pin in Eagle CAD
Under what circumstances can impedances be simplified to simple resistances?
Why does water short out PCBs? (i.e. Why doesn't electricity follow the path of least resistance?)
Are these two Li ion chargers equivalent, despite their stated spec?
SMD package size chart
Difference between MISO/MOSI and TxD/ RxD
How to control LED with 40mV AC?
What should hardware do and What should software do?
For switching 220VAC, is a specific coil voltage and coil resistance better than another?
Where does JTAGSEL connect to on a JTAG header?
Using signal in different modules vhdl
Is there an open source USB to JTAG circuit I can include in my PCB design?
Quick release connectors - 2 poles, max 1.5kW 12V DC?
Can I hook this breakout board up to the thing I want to measure?
what happens when transistors are interchanged in CMOS?
Design rules for power AB amplifier stage
Shouldn't the small AC input current in a common emitter amplifier be amplified to DC?
Why do I get warnings for all my voltage supply connections in Eagle CAD?
Why pull base of BJT switch?
How does the addition of a bias-t circuit affect the impedance of a transmission line?
Issue with TI comparator
Spice : Error Message: Note: No ".plot", ".print", or ".fourier" lines; no simulations run
Thin profile wire joins and forks
Crimping tool basics
How to produce clock signals with data on serial port
Mapping of TDMA frame on to E1 frame
networking platform to meet the IEC61850 sampled value requirements
What's the difference between the ST-LINK/V2 and STX-RLINK programmers?
Is it possible to make a power auto-selector (ORing) with just a Diode and Mosfet?
Ferrite beads in Quasi-Resonant Switch-Mode Power Supply (QRSMPS) primary?
What does this Op-Amp circuit do?
Ardupilot, atmega1280 and barometer
Identify these diodes?
C coding design - function pointers?
calculating inductance formula
MBED Controller Module Datasheet and Pin Details
How can a Li-Ion battery maintain decent characteristics for nine years?
Continuity tests, risks?
I2C Capacitance
How to design and build intelligent controller for a power pack made of recycled lead-acid batteries?
Are there existing electronic sensors that can sense if underwater or not?
How to light a fluorescent lamp?
EEPROM and CONFIG macros on PIC with HI-TECH compiler
Information required in building DIY HHO production device
is there an XML standard to describe a component's characteristic
Limiting torque on a DC motor
how to use a 3v output to control a 5v relay
Struggling to get started with electronic devices and circuits
How is the following ground symbol different from conventional ground?
Darlingtons, MOSFETS, and bipolar junctions
Can the Arduino Cellular Shield Access the Internet?
Can I connect 2 AAA battery chargers in parallel (to use them as a power supply with higher mA·h)
solution for driving multiple 7 segment LED display from 3 volt µC
Starter PICs in all device families
Is the FT232H a single channel version of the FT2232H?
Infra Red LEDs - Voltage Advice
What do I need to know about oscilloscope probes?
driving low side of a mosfet bridge with 3.3V
How do I calculate the voltage at these locations?
Sequential Logic - Primarily For Signal Storage?
Why should I worry about a motor causing my supply voltage to shoot up when the back-EMF can't exceed the supply voltage?
IR rays over carrier frequency of 34Khz?
How do I reduce voltage from 5V to 1V using a resistor?
MD5 VHDL pipeline
How can I implement regenerative braking of a DC motor?
What's the best way to integrate SPI and MSC buses?
Clock Period using Verilog code
DIY power extension with relay
power rating of supercap
Electrical Engineering vs Computer Engineering?
Use Raspberry Pi Gpio Header as Memory Mapped Interface
What are the typical uses for a non-inverting quad buffer IC?
What is ground and what does it do?
Bandpass Filter Design 6Mhz/6.5Mhz Center Approx +/- 250khz passband for ATV system
Have I missed something when connecting this stepper motor?
Confused about the way this speaker is wired
Increasing output voltage of a fixed linear regulator
Automatically connect exposed pad to ground plane
Input impedance of inverting amplifier clarification
Understanding the sensitivity of an L3G4200D gyroscope
Accelerometer data smoothing filtering pothole detection
How can I build a wireless webcam that transmits live images to my laptop?
What properties vary with the number of blades on a BLDC fan?
Audio Amplifier Op amp
what is the difference between sample method and sample and hold method
How to cut power off when a certain voltage from a sensor is reached?
Difference between Hz and bps
Turn on and let LED stay on if value is over threshold in main while-loop
PIC (18 series) 12-bit Instruction Addressing?
How do I connect a Digital Potentiometer?
Interface an SPI OLED swtch with a PC
Op amp analysis question
How to access RAM for use with an FPGA for high performance computing
Building an embedded system
Can I connect a BNC output of DVR to the antenna input of a LED TV?
Coax cable with CAN bus
Multiple Power Sources and a Single Power Switch
How can i test a microcontroller circuitry based on software?
The output voltage of my atmega16 is zero?
Do I need a flyback diode with an automotive relay?
Negative Voltage Level Shifting to an ADC
SSOP and SOIC standards
IC's operationg at high temperatures
Pulling the power plug => Device damaged
How to transmit ASCII over RS-232?
About waterproofing a circuit board
How can I avoid "Minimum Pulse Width" slack violations in Quartus FPGA synthesis?
ZXCT1009 as a current monitor
Increase the analog sample rate of the IOIO?
What is the function of R1 in this relay driver circuit?
Calculating resistance given capacitance and charge over time
Using any/all Ethernet wires for power transfer?
AC coupling with
What is state of port B when port A of FT2232H is in sync. FT245 mode?
Using DAC to control supply voltage of bus transciever?
Alkaline "% full" from voltage?
What to look for in an oscilloscope?
Pros and Cons of 3 Different Transducers
What are those wire terminals that mate with standard header pins?
Electrical circuit / transformer in series?
Is EAGLE version 5 still around?
sequential circuits; clocked SR flip-flop
10-Bulb Edison Chandelier
LSD NiMH cells that provide reasonable capacity even in subfreezing temperatures
How many UART can I use in the same time on PIC32MX795F512L?
How to get two buttons to work with the 16f628a - C, Hi-tech comp, mplabx
When I use a 3.5mm extension cable for my earbud headphones, the center channel sounds corrupted and very soft
USBLC6-2 Zener Breakdown Voltage
What should I use to create own xbox controller?
clock operating switch
Calculate transfer function with Sine generator
View more than 100 worst-case paths in Quartus II
How to solve a transient circuit
Powering 2 circuits with the same power supply
Tracking Flight of a Bee or a Wasp
Connecting n bit bus from one component to another
How do I choose a ferite bead for power supply filtering?
Inverted Amplifier Circuit not working
PID regulator steady state error problem
Selecting a suitable mosfet for Linear Technology LTC4412HV
Interfacing NAND flash with USBMSD
Hardware flow-control (CTS/RTS)
Diagnosing SD card failures
Voltage regulator design with op amp
Can a Hartley Oscillator be built using Fixed Inductors?
Single motor driving multiple targets - possible?
Should I discard my inventory of old electrolytic capacitors?
What is this connector called?
Encrypt sensitive data in EEPROM
PIC18 with ACT HC49/US XTAL
Simulate Piezo "knock" Sensor in CircuitLab
Parallel multiplication hardware
What features distinguishes real-time from other types of os?
Correctly debugging switching (DC-DC) boost converter with Oscilloscope
Switching Regulator (LED Driver) "Flickers"
Can a laser display numbers like an LCD 7 segment display?
Problems controlling an LM317 with an op-amp
Shortcircuit protection with PNP
How to get to SOP and POS form from SIGMA expression?
Battery powered portable wall outlet?
Circuit Simulator is being funky
Using a TIP122 to control a motor
Timed switch between 2 psus
how to build a circuit that compares two potentials?
In-line Sound Level Meter Circuit (with LED bar).
PCB stub antenna impedance matching
Open bench logic sniffer Not working
How Can I Program a Universal Application Keyboard?
Circuit amplifying a position sensitive detector
IR Audio Receiver and Transmitter
About Resistor packages, inductor packages and capacitor packages
PIC24 - multiple PWM duty cycle changes
AA cells depletion
EMI/RFI emissions and computer cases
What are the advantages and disadvantages of thinner PCB thickness (<1.6 mm or 0.063'')?
PIC32 read feedback from UART
Whats the role of these transistors
Op amp calculation
How to calculate parasitic capacitance in a trace?
PID to control turntable speed?
How can I derive an approximate equation for the forward voltage drop of a particular component?
What is / how can I get a student-safe power supply for electronics projects?
DMM and Power Supply
Generate audio driver hi current from MCU & DAC
ESD sensitivity of P-channel MOSFET vs N-channel
Modifying an automotive 12V power outlet to disable power when car is off?
Op amp level shift?
Is Automobile Power Viable for Electronics Projects?
ATMega16: Run a subroutine for a limited time
How do I control a resistive touchscreen?
Yet another Weighing Scale Project
Raspberry Pi to Digital LEDs, No Soldering
RTD 100 hooked up to Lee Dickens BD-300 Isolating Signal Converter, Issues Reading the Output
Need help designing a custom box
1N4001 Diode Heat
Altium: How do I flip/mirror components? X and Y don't work
Analyzing Accelerometer data characteristics and designing a filter
EMC Design Precaution
How to find a replacement MOSFET
Are tantalums good for PIC Vcap?
Simplest Way to Connect an Arduino to Android (Wirelessly)?
Driving a 2V LED from a 1V8 FPGA IO pin (MOSFET vs open-drain)
Long Chains of Shift Registers
Repairing resistors
ACS714 5A AC Current Sensing arduino
Data transfer from Latch to PIPO
What is a "DIE" package?
Validate Triac circuit
How do I wire an Illuminated LED switch?
Without double-clocking, how to perform 2 write and 2 read each clock using Dual Port RAM?
Communication between a USB/serial device and an AVR (atmega/Arduino) microcontroller
Accessing individual I/O pin on MSP430
What does a two overlapping circles symbol mean in an electrical schematic/diagram?
voltage divider circuit for dc motor
Suitable wiring for very low current mains equipment
What are the 49.9 ohm resistors for in this circuit?
Addition and subtraction in digital electronics
LTSpice simulation of rectifier slows down after short time
Can Arduino MISO be set as output?
Connecting a N.O. grounded switch to a scanning switch matrix
Generate DC pulse after switch turned off?
Is this capacitor 1.2volt or 5volt rated?
How do I select the Correct Diodes and Resistors for my LEDs?
ARM (Cortex-A8) High Speed Bus?
How fast may I trickle charge a full LSD NiMH battery?
What do the green and yellow wires in a BLDC fan do?
Spice_ Capacitors in series
What is the purpose of a resistor in the feedback path of a unity gain buffer?
Measuring amperes, what the reading mean?
KCL Node Analysis
Making dc barrel usb cable and can't find the positive polarity
Adjusting offset (and possibly gain) of ADC preamp OPAMP with DAC
Why only 500VAC rating for this Y-capacitor?
.SUBCKT command in SPICE
how does interelectrode capacitance reduces bandwidth?
Reduce and clip voltage of a 5Mhz ultrasonic signal from +-50V to 0-3.3 V
Requirement for more ADC inputs than micrcontroller has available
How NAND Flash controllers erase single pages efficiently?
Micro-controller controlled current source
Paper in oil (PIO) capacitors: what is special?
Do you know any tricks/hacks to perform arithmetic operations with shift registers?
Timer overflow on MSP430
Current source with IGBT
How can I model this linear power system in MATLAB?
Using only OC0B pin to generate tone
TL071 trouble (suspected fake)
Efficient constant-current regulator for 700ma LEDs
What is the use of PWM over brushless control
LED Array Resistor Size + Power Source
Temperature sensor recommendation
MOSFET load switch
Absolute address of a function in Microchip XC16
How does the Harvard architecture help?
Antenna Design Filtering Out UnWanted Frequencies
Chip antenna layout
about the code for fir filter
24v brushless DC Driver Pinout
Error :4:1 multiplexer
Y USB Cable with external 5V supply
Efficient Power Supply from CR2032 button cell
Is SPI safe to be interrupted?
Design recomendations for Mosfet H-Bridge
Reading value of bit in PxIN register
What kind of power supply can power this stepper motor connected to an Arduino?
What is the "loaded resistor" for ultrasonic receivers?
Simple Metronome Circuit w/ Linear Pot Control
Emulate USB device with USB host
Should I use a resistor in this scenario?
What wavelength do I need for a IR pen?
Can this ultrasonic emitter be DC driven?
Solving first-order RL circuits
Paralleling MOSFETs or MOSFET and IGBT to increase capacity in QRSMPS
Arduino and embedded C programming in a windows based system?
Node Analysis - current calculation
How to calculate current and voltage necessary for a solenoid to lift a given mass to a given position?
Are bent oscilloscope probe BNC connecter pins usual feature?
about the RTL view in xilinx
Reverse engineering a 12 pin LCD?
On/Off control of step-up DC to DC converter
Choosing an LED
Using external oscillator for MSP430 Timer
Kensington trackball button
continuous servo position control
Wobble Bass LFO circuit with Op Amps
Programming MCU with ISP out of board
Could an aluminum housing and passive cooling interfere with SoC's functioning?
Dump verilog array in gtkwave
Eagle PCB design Libraries?
Pull down resistor for Arduino input to read LOW when no voltage from switch
Finite State Machines
Stability of Transfer Function H(s)
When to use Nodal Anaylsis / Mesh / Superposition?
Why is this capacitor not discharging?
line follower design with atmega328 and mosfet controlled motors
Small device that runs Linux
Why do some wires in my turntable have plastic covers over them?
RFID coil - ends broke, can I resolder?
Calculating photodiode current based on A/W for simulation
Keeping a TVS diode biased continuously?
0-10 second on-time with a potentiometer
Stripboard as a capacitor
How do I use an LF355N JFET op amp to boost 2.8Vpp from function generator to 5V logic level
Connecting power supplies in series
How high charging temperature causes damage to AA size NiMH cell
