My installation failed and I need to get rid of the partition
Software Updater & Software Center apps not launching
Which Installler does elementary OS use?
Mirroring screen
WiFi gets disconnected after 5 to 10 minutes
File selection with keyboard in file manager
Anyone succeeded in setting up an IPSEC/L2TP VPN?
Elementary Sleeps/Locks while plugged in
Low Disk Space on File System root
Scratch "tab" option
How do I clear notifications from the notifications indicator?
AMD A8 HP laptop loud fan
Leave pantheon-terminal open after task is complete
Screenshot with rightclick
How do I update elementary OS when new versions come out?
How do I put applications on the home screen?
uninstall application
Unable to mount partition on boot
Symbols in keyboard
Changing full disk encryption password
Conky Tomorrow Setup
elementary OS VM on new laptop and AMD video card, how to change video driver
apt-get build-dep command fails for pantheon-mail fails
Bleeding Edge Non-elementary OS Packages
Terminal sudo apt-get update
Can't install Freya on SSD NVMe + Nvidia Optimus
Can't run the gtk-hello app from the elementary OS developer tutorial
Occaisonal black screen on boot AMD A8-4500M laptop
Black Screen Error instead elementary OS logo when Madcatz Strike5 Keyboard is pluged
Slow (considerable input lag, general slowness)
High Screen Resolution [4:3]
Geary crashing when looking through emails
How to uninstall the default Videos application - Freya
How to uninstall the default Camera application - Freya
How can I disable "Files isn't your default file manager" in Pantheon Files?
How do I remove elementary OS and put Windows back on?
Installing Freya on Surface Pro 2
How to implement FRESH update in Freya
.PPSX file reader?
Install codec for mkv
1TB External Hard disk is not detected
Missing owncloud sync and pgp encryption in geary
Bay Trail pad and buggy Elementary OS installation
Network shuts down after sometime
What font does the elementary OS logo use
Is it correct/acceptable to use 'eOS' as an acronym for elementary OS?
How to version my customized elementary OS
Elementary freya won't shut down/restart without having to use the power button
Steam Installing but not running
How to memorize sort options in folders?
Does elementary OS support tablet input (for writing)?
Is it possible to install AMD GPU-PRO on Freya?
Touchegg touchpad control
Make elementary OS freya boot in 20 seconds
Cannot access Android device from Pantheon Files ("Unable to Mount Folder")
Hide time/date display on login screen
Forgot to set bash as terminal before uninstalling fish
Cannot change lockscreen Calender widget's language
How to resize second monitor display area
How to show the support status of packages in freya?
How to clone elementary OS to new SSD
Does elementary OS work on the Dell XPS 15?
Does the snap package mean that we don't need to use super old softwares?
Cannot launch Viber on elementary OS freya
Connecting external monitor logs out computer
Missing the "Security & Privacy" option in settings
How to change or replace the dock?
Cannot boot, install Freya
Firefox cursor information colour black letters
Packaging system broken: Error with libqtcore4 package when installing krita (Freya)
Make Win + ↓ minimize the current window
How do I restore the elementary OS Freya original sources list?
GNU GRUB version 2.02-beta2-9 showing after installation
No sound playback in Videos (elementary OS Freya 0.3.2)
Is there any way to lock the dock?
ETPS/2 Elantech Touchpad. Buttons work, cannot swipe
Hide title bar in pantheon-terminal?
Sublime text font on Elementary
Laptop HDD runs very hot (even in idle state)
System language changue to spanish
Why is videos color scheme different
elementary OS 14.04 to 15.10 upgrade issues
WiFi service stops after system resumes
Cant Log into Steam
Laptop having boot issues
Problems with Netflix in new Google Chrome
Desktop inside desktop How can i delete it?
Operating System Not Found
Is there a way to make Noise automatically update music library?
Problem with LibreOffice Installation
Recommended laptop with docking port for 2 monitors, compatible with elementary OS?
Headphones noise
Are we allowed to use the documentation stylesheets?
Are there laptops for sale with elementary OS preinstalled
How do I access Dock preferences?
Why has sound stopped to work on headphones?
Change the folder where screenshots are saved
How to encompass LibreOffice apps in the "Applications" tab so that they come under 1 banner which is "LibreOffice"?
Making it work more like Windows
Can I use URLs in the Open File dialog?
Touchpad two finger scrolling won't turn on
How can I adjust the mouse scrollwheel speed?
How to show Google Chrome in the wingpanel?
Can't add user on system
Why are all elementary specific apps missing the 'Always on top' option?
How to optimize internet speed?
Display size issue in elemantary os
broken packages after running sudo apt-get update
Problem with double icons in Plank dock
Problems with broken packages
Network manager broken after update
No network conection after last upgrade yesterday
No root directory found error during installation?
No network capability
Cannot access Mac hard drive
Should I use the 32-bit or 64-bit system on a low-end laptop?
Avoid no network issue
Temporily disable plank (with a keyboard shortcut)
Annoying problem with arrows to navigate files
sound device is not shown after purging pulseaudio
How to get new Geary 0.11 ? Will Freya get the update?
Qualcomm Atheros AR9485 problems
How do I change the wallpaper through the command line?
How to reduce the brightness of a desktop pc?
How to install ruby on rails on elementary OS?
Removable media options upon insertion in Loki
How to customize elementary OS Guest session
Contract file (file manager context menu entry) to play/add directory into Audacious player
failed to install grub-install dev / sda
Anyone tried getting netatalk working on elementary os?
No GUI Access to VPN Connections | OpenVPN | 16.04 Loki Beta Daily PPA
Midori shuts down
Is Panthon Files from Loki version installable for Freya?
Is it safe to remove all these packages?
After update, calculator program is now called unnamed
How do I change the background color and font color of wingpanel XGTK theme?
Programs scroll/slider-bar inconsistency in Freya
What's the hotkey to run a command?
How to install Tor browser on elementary OS
How to delete file that cannot be deleted on a NTFS partition
Change Slingshot Launcher assigned key
Old Desktop will not boot Freya 0.3.2 i386 CD
Change the default time of inactivity required to lock screen
Stop Geary automatic download images
Using Swift together with elementary frameworks?
Login screen changed to old input style
How to vertically maximize windows in Elementary OS?
Bluetooth applet disappeared from wingpanel
Plymouth boot splash stretched with widescreen monitor
I need help! NO internet or network connection!
Can I run Photoshop CC 2015 and other illustrator programs on elementary OS?
Black Screen with Cursor When Waking elementary OS from Suspension
kernel panic-not syncing: VFS: unable to mount root fs on unknown block(2,0)
Installing Ruby On Rails on Elementary OS Shows build failed errors
How do I know how much disk space I have?
Maximise Windows Vertically custom command
Touchpad scrolling doesn't work on ASUS x540ls
Available programs
Slack native application only shows an icon in plank but no window
How to install Gloobus-preview?
Working with photos in ElementaryOS
Does elementary OS see and use Intel Fake Raid as easily as Ubuntu does?
Bleeding-edge elementary OS ISO or PPA?
How to change Desktop icon font color?
Create Bootable USB in elementary OS
Geary - can't access my outlook.de account *Connection Error*
Freya crashes when exiting full-screen from youtube
Unable to run executable files
Lots of microphone interferance on Freya
Resolution problem after exiting from a game (Wine)
Laptop lid close does not restart
Black, Unresponsive screen when Locking Desktop Session
Upgrading Distro from Luna to Freya
Can't install gtk+
What is Nepomuk Cleaner? And why does it keep recreating its .desktop file after I delete it?
I think I just broke elementary and have no idea what to do, can someone help?
elementary OS: Wingpanel and plank load very slowly at boot
Trouble installing Popcorn-time.to
How do I copy files/folders over to locked folders?
how to get the grub menu to show when starting computer
Problems installing over Windows 10
When installing the GUI fails to load and only shows wallpaper
Laptop Freezes When Upgrading Package
How can I organize Pantheon Photo Manager by folders?
Geary 0.11 doesn't work
not an official elementary package
Opentype fonts don't work on 0.3.2 Freya
Installing NVIDIA 361.45.11?
Pantheon-files support for bulk or batch renaming?
Desktop shows in frame on screen
Xbox One Controller Compatibility
Identify the WiFi
GTK 3.16 or up for elementary OS Freya
How to set wifi driver settings to prefer 5 GHz channel over 2.4 GHz
Use only Gnome on Elementary OS
Set up configuration for external display
How can I build eRadio from source?
Laptop + HDMI external monitor issue?
using tcp wrappers
file is corrupt
I/O error, dev sda, getting busy box when booting up.
elementary go slow when Google Chrome is open
How do I mount encrypted root LVM volumes for editing or recovery?
Disconnect vs Disable Networking?
bashrc error message on terminal
VMware tools Installation
Why is Software Updater making me install all these FIrefox language packs, even if I don't have Firefox installed?
Cannot login due to elementary OS thanks to Veracrypt and a possibly invalid volume
ElementaryOS 0.3.2 AMD64; Macbook Air 2008: Wifi after installing
Can't install nor boot elementary OS from USB (using rufus)
Icon for language input method selection missing
How do I backup within elementary OS?
my os password was kept on asking again and again
Installing elementary OS on XPS 15 9550 with Intel SSD in dual boot Windows 10
How do I scan for and remove duplicate files in Pictures and Music folders?
Numix-icon size problem in the top-bar
Should I download the Loki Beta or Freya Stable?
Is syncing the photos library database between computers supported?
Direct update from Freya to Loki?
xrdp gray screen
How can I install this widget on elementary?
Stuck on the splash screen when trying to install elementary
Chrome Title Bar: Doesn't match theme
Bluetooth not working with Ralink RT3290
Git instalattion, unmet or you have held broken packages
Is it possible for elementary OS to appear as elementary OS (rather than Ubuntu) in a user agent query and/or in analytics detection?
elementary OS Freya not detecting partitions
Master PDF Editor installs correctly, but won't start
.desktop file works when opened from /usr/share/applications but not from Slingshot or Plank
usb wifi TL-WN725N_WN723N not working + problem in network setting
How can I install elementary OS alongside windows 10 without a USB or DVD
I got this window saying desktop, and I'm unable to close it. I've tried restart but it just does not go. what to do?
How do I install current versions of OpenSSH and LibreSSL?
How do I install the Vivaldi web browser from its software repository?
Can't install mysql workbench, dependency is not satisfiable
How do i have Caps Lock switching keyboard layout and Shift+Caps Lock enabling Caps Lock?
Problem with Wingpanel in External Monitor setup
Language packs - translations
Will updating elementary OS turn it into Ubuntu
How to change icon folder in Plank?
Computer desktop is gone?
Why does Firefox keep creating a ~/Desktop folder?
How to uninstall amd graphics driver?
Use Touchscreen in freya
Script not opening in terminal via desktop launcher
Minecraft java.io.IOException : Unable to connect to remote host : Connection refused
Wifi connectivity issue during the installation of Freya
messenger is not working in elementary os Freya
How can you install elementary OS without installing the bootloader?
Is it possible to change the window border color of terminal in freya?
Bluetooth disable & visibility option greyed out
Dual Boot with Windows 10
How can I install elementary tweaks on Loki?
Network-Adapter doesn't get used by system
how can i uninstall a program in elementary os?(newbie)
Keyboard & touchpad unresponsive after suspend
How to replace wingpanel's "Applications" text with a icon in Freya
Can not see Insync Icon/App in Panel or Task Bar
I can not download Freya
What system fonts should not be deleted?
Migrate back to Ubuntu
Is it possible install Photoshop on elementary OS?
I have my password with an accent and i can't put them
Install Gnome-Pomodoro
Firefox Filechooser Dialogs don't have a select/save button in Loki
Problem Updating MESA
Alcor card reader problem
Using Redshift on Elementary OS
Is it possible set a windows bar?
Luna ISO needed
XPS 13 (9350) wifi issue in Loki (but not in Ubuntu 16.04)
Create another partition
Left and right click on panel icons shows the same context-menu that works only if clicked with the same mouse button that triggered the menu
Pantheon-files just can't remember my samba password
How to fix broken/wrong wingpanel icon
Screen tears getting caught in various places
Does elementary OS work inside Hyper-V?
Running elementary on ARM single board computers
no battery indicator in my statue bar and also there is no battery folder
Installer keeps crashing
Why can't I select Google Chrome as default browser in application settings?
Is there an available link to download Mac OS icons collection?
How to install driver for graphic adapter
Will Freya automount media?
Couldn't open OS terminal!
How you configure the keyboard?
How can I turn off location services system-wide?
How to open .apk with Elementary OS?
Adding windows minimize and maximize buttons?
How to install genie effect of Mac OS in my elementary OS？
GTK theme inspector for Desktop Enviroment elements
50% CPU usage on idle, 100% CPU usage as soon as I open a window
Low wifi strength on Loki
Wifi networks not detected in elementary OS. Ethernet working
Jumpy scrolling on ALPS touchpad
ETPS/2 Elantech Touchpad not working after update
How to fix elementaryOS touchpad problem
Will elementary OS Loki support fglrx?
Xmind 7.5 / 7.0 crash on startup
Keep getting random errors with elementary OS installer on laptop
How does elementary perform usability tests?
How to repair the system after an accidental deletion of the kernels?
Screen goes blank after GRUB loader
VirtualBox on elementaryos
Recentely installed Elementary giving e Not Found W: Failed to fetch ## 404 For every new ppa
Custom keyboard shortcuts dont work after reboot
What is the Checksum of the elementary OS Loki Beta 2?
Is there an elementary OS OEM install mode?
Software & Updates and Software Updater won't start
Can i use different wallpaper in my dual monitor?
Show new opened apps icons in Plank to the left?
no wifi after upgrade
Screen tearing and graphical glitches in Loki
Wiki post for Japanese and Chinese input
'Debian Software' tab in Software & Updates
Can the Loki version of Epiphany browser be installed in Freya?
Didn't show the clock and slowness
touchpad troubles with libinput in loki-beta2
Can I install another desktop environment in elementary OS?
Can the elementary os loki clock display seconds?
Mac-like terminal prompt?
Scratch editor: see cursor position
Cannot install wine
"Failed to download repository information"
Why on a single partition drag & drop is 'copy' instead of 'move' in Pantheon-Files?
Can I connect to my VPN through GUI in Loki beta
How to enable Pantheon's single-click behavior for the file chooser dialogs?
How to Remove Desktop Overlay in elementary OS Freya
Install Brackets
How to install PeaZip
Is Loki faster and slimmer than Freya?
Import Audio CD is not working
How do I restore locked files from Trash?
Remastering Iso
dualboot macbook pro retina 2013
Why is the "Templates" directory still not working in Freya's Pantheon files?
add directory pantheon files
I'm having trouble connecting my TV to my computer
Time Formats (such as yyyy MM dd hh mm ss zzz (UTC))
Pidgin indicator missing
Is it safe to upgrade to a new ubuntu base with the Software Updater?
How to downgrade libnl packages to fix network manager?
Icon of documents
elementary os uvd error
Overscan on 42" NEC
I've created a Material Design elementary Wallpapers app. Where can I submit it?
No password change with encrypted home folder
How to adapt the Elementary Look & Feel in Qt-written apps?
namely the occupation of the disks from " pantheon files" or from the desktop
CUPS Trouble, can not access http://localhost:631/printers
clone display laptop/tv
The amd64 iso does not work on my laptop. (La ISO amd64 no funciona en mi laptop.)
Maya calendar won't start
can't login in the login screen
Can't start the OS because of video problems
Install packages on elementary OS with downgrade
Update Manager doesn't work + Sotware Center crashes
Ralink RT3290 Wi-Fi drivers missing after install
Built-in VPN connection failure
Can't build package from developer getting started doc
How can I "disable/enable" my laptop's touchpad on Elementary OS Loki?
Problem installing elementary os freya
Automounting external drives in Elementary OS
How to find "file-release" in os x el capitan 10.11.6?
How to get WiFi drivers to work?
Touchpad not working on HP chromebook 14
Can we install snap packages and other apps like firefox through AppCenter?
Recording with AMD proprietary drivers
GNS3 icon do not appear in Applications
How can I install GPU drivers using Intel graphics installer?
AMD GPU Pro on Loki (Ubuntu 16.04)
How to install Apps through AppCenter on Loki?
How do I install Intel HD graphics Skylake driver?
Deleting PIA application
Is there any way to use elementary os loki as a live usb with persistence?
Firefox addons after update [Loki Beta]
How to share my customized elementary OS with my friends
Is it possible to remove full disk encryption?
Installing Eclipse Neon
No file names in multi tasking view
I want to export my music library from Noise
Recommended antivirus applications for Linux
Track order for m4a files
elementary OS attach separate partition '/home' from previous install
Trying to Install and run ipfs on elementary os
Cannot boot elementary OS from external drive from OS X
Panasonic CF-19 MK1 toughbook sound issue. Headphones work but internal speaker doesn't
Where can I download Luna?
Grub prompt after Installation
File manager doesn't remember the previous view
How can I get my Login Screen to appear on my primary monitor?
Animate windows with slide up/down like Linux Mint
Unable to download elementary os freya
Change lock screen shortcut?
How to publish an App in elementary (Loki) AppCenter
why won't freya 64bit or loki 64 bit work on my computer?
How do you disable edge tiling?
Can't install new enablement stack (August 2016) because of unresolved dependencies
How to install programms on the multiple partitions?
New important security and hardware support update
Language Packs not needed offered for update again+again
How to change password of /home folder encrypting?
How to change swap area partition?
Elementary OS 0.3 Freya can't be installed
How can i change userpic on the start screen?
How heavy is elementary over classic ubuntu?
I get logged out as soon as I log in
Using Mir display server with elementary
Mega and elementary OS Loki
For some reason I am unable to use my equalizer with my new music downloaded app
How change the default installation path?
If I install the Loki beta, will I be able to upgrade to the official release?
backlight command
Elementary OS on a homemade pc build
Cannot boot after updating newest hardware-enablement stack
Buttons' Look in a Gtk.MessageDialog
Unable to boot elementary OS after new important security and hardware support update
Elementary OS for early 2008 MacBook?
Double Grub boot
Recover broken system using live CD
Will 0.3 Freya install on an Intel NUC?
Disk space fill up with kernel and firewall logs
How to add elementary tweaks PPA?
The Cursor Mouse disappears after Lock
Trying to install Elementary OS, cannot click
I downloaded yesterday some updates from software center as usual and both wifi and ethernet do not work anymore
How to disable touchpad in Loki beta?
Loki - Black screen for 10-15 minutes after login
Slow wireless internet
elementary OS Freya freezes when booting
can I use another another image burner besides etcher?
Loki Beta2: laptop suspend issue
Kernel "update" to 3.19.0.68.50 after upgrading to 4.4.0-34?
Dell XPS Wi-Fi drivers
How to recover / merge partions into Elementary OS?
Trying ElementaryOS - boot from USB
How to get a specific kernel sources?
I can't pair my Apple Mouse and Keyboard
How to remove Chromebook utility recovery
Wifi Problem With Elementary OS
Add Google Account to Elementary Loki
sudo apt-get upgrade error E: Sub-process /usr/bin/dpkg returned an error code (1)
Computer doesn't get past BIOS start, screen goes black
Missing Cursor after standby
No WIFI access after update
Can't open Software Center / 404 Not Found with apt-get update
How to change an order of workspaces?
Resolution is very big
Can I make a Loki 32-bit version?
I can't find FireFox in the AppCenter of Loki, although I have installed it
Change Pantheon-Files Connect to server SSH port number
How to make keyboard work like OSX System Wide?
XHTML with WebKit
Issues installing Nuvola from Terminal or Package-Manager
"unable to install grub in /dev/sda. This is a fatal error."
Can't play sound in WPS Office Presentation (Freya)
Turn off authentication for software update
Error while compiling latest source of Files
Android Studio AVD error in elementary OS 0.4
Multiple password prompts on resume from sleep: "Authentication is required to refresh system sources"
Can you port elementary's default apps to Ubuntu?
Froze during security update and now black screen
how to disable touchpad while using the trackpoint?
Is there a scaffolding for elementary OS app unit testing?
Install Eclipse
Trouble Installing as Dual Boot
Install Nvidia dual-graphics driver on Loki?
Can I install elementary OS on my dell xps 13 9350 now?
How can I update the Epiphany browser flash player?
The share plugin in switchboard seems not to work in Loki
Some Chrome apps work, others don't
how to define a grid and snap windows to it?
Update with terminal instead of AppCenter
Workflow for testing bug fixes
What is the recommended way to upgrade elementary OS 0.3 Freya to 0.4 Loki?
How can I upgrade from the beta to the stable version of elementary OS?
How can I add a PPA in Loki?
elementary tweaks missing in Loki
Loki - Where is the update manager?
Loki - App center empty
Loki - wifi problem Intel 3160 AC - no WPA connection
Loki installation - 3rd party drivers and UEFI secure boot
How do I use exfat drives?
AppCenter - Prevent packages from updating
Loki - MBPr 15 - Screen Brightness doesn't work
Why is Loki's virtualized graphics performance so much worse than Freya's?
How can I access hidden plank settings?
No software is shown in AppCenter except what is installed
Is it possible to change the date format shown in Loki's menu bar?
How can I install .deb files in Loki?
Change fonts everywhere in OS
Trackpad randomly freezes
AppCenter does not install anything anymore
Change window control buttons under Loki
Trouble installing Grive tools on Loki
Dropbox icon missing in Loki
How to change Terminal opacity in Loki?
Loki and Dropbox
How to enable hibernation in panel on Luna?
Steps to install LAMP or XAMPP with phpmyadmin
Partitioning drives before installing Loki
Mobile Broadband missing in Loki
Trillian instant messenenger won't install on the new elementary!
Can not set "Sharing" in Loki final release
From where do I get elementary Freya?
Problems running three monitors with Loki
Is thera a GUI tool for setting up the samba server?
When will Loki support end? (What date?)
Installing bumblebee in Loki
Loki, additional hardware
Disable tap-to-click on login screen
AbiWord - Top of the document blinks in Loki
Loki Music Application
The text size of Qt apps doesn't change by setting the text size in "System Settings -> Universal Access -> Display -> Text Size"
Download for another system
Problem with VMWare Tools drag & drop
Does elementary 0.4 loki supports 32-bit?
What happens to pantheon-mail?
GuestAdditions on Loki
How do I pay for the download?
Loki - Media Keys, Shortcuts, Volume Keys broken
How to properly set up a DSL(PPPOE) connection with ipv6 in Loki?
package sources and mirror servers in loki
window problem when choosing save location
Loki - dconf-editor not working?
Touchpad on Samsung N210 no ENTER on tap
Noise very slow to import
How can I have one plank on each of my monitors
KeePass Installation
Loki and GTX 1070: Can't choose anything but 1024x768
Black screen on 'try elementary os' macbook pro late 2011
no context menu when right clicked application's title bar
blank notification appeared in top bar. How can I delete?
Application Menu Crash when Searching App
Google says Mail app is insecure
Chrome install issues in Loki
unable to take screenshot
Where's Keyboard Options in Loki?
Viber icon broken?
Restore from trash not working?
Wingpanel not responding (Loki)
How do I move the dock to the right of screen on loki?
Language & Region Setting doesn't right
Touchpad sensibility is too high in Loki?
WiFi is not working on Loki
Cannot Install Intel Proprietary Graphics Driver
Is there a chance to get x86 version of Loki
How can I add multiple timezones to loki?
Unable to Screenshot using keyboard shortcut on elementary OS 0.4 Loki
Is there a way to import/choose an external audio track to play over a movie in Audience/Videos?
How do I set gvim as the default editor in loki?
Chrome always asking for password in elementary OS Loki
Loki WingPanel Takes a Long Time to Load and Stops Responding
Can't see home Wifi (up and working) after changing wireless network name
Forgot passphrase of an encrypted disk
How to enable automatic login after installing elementary OS Loki
Problems on the keyboard, some missing options
How do I get rid of a "desktop inside of a desktop" bug?
Missing dependency for Musique 1.4 (libtag1c2a)
How re-import music in Noise?
How do I install Touchegg in elementary OS?
How to adjust wingpanel transparency in loki?
No album art and random order bug in elementary OS 0.4 Loki music app (Noise)
Elementary OS doesn't recognize my partitions
Switching windows backwards (alt + shift + tab) works in a strange way
Owncloud client makes Loki unresponsive
How to publish on elementary os app center
Cycle through all applications, across workspaces
Loki - How do I install just Places folder of Icon Theme?
How can I stop drivers for Nvidia GeForce GT 330M causing issues in Loki?
Getting errors when trying to run sudo apt-get update
System Settings Sharing
Cursor disappears after installing parallels tools in loki
elementary OS update?
Unknown display, low resolution
Why does the clinfo show that no devices found in platform?
Cannot search in application menu launcher
How to get a transparent background for plank?
How can I clear the cached settings for Mail?
Something Wrong With elementary appcenter
There is no Software Center, and I cannot install it
How come Loki does not have the window snap feature?
'Message zoom' in pantheon-mail possible?
Problems intalling Elementary OS on a MacBook 4.1
Right-click panel doesn't show on applications that didn't come with elementary loki
Loki doesn't see my GTX1070
Sharing files linux to linux, or linux to windows
What is the password to update the previous elementary to Loki?
Newer version of Filezilla on Elementary
Pantheon Mail certificate and PW problems
Set level of battery notification in Loki
How to cycle displays in Loki?
Suspend instead of shutdown on critical battery level?
eOS Loki on Chromebook wont start after suspend
What is the command for the shutdown dialogue in Loki?
No Google or Microsoft account option in System settings
Mail (Geary): doesn't remember password, can't delete emails and can't start it with "--hidden"
No sound output after upgrading or installing Loki
Loki Proxy wont save settings.
how to change text "applications" to icon elementaryos loki
Is there a way to see changelog of update?
Brightness controls on Oryx Pro with Nvidia on Loki
How do I disable the middle click in Loki?
Slow resume from sleep
Software Center doesn't open (Loki)
Force UEFI installation?
Loki chose wired network profile
No Microsoft Exchange account option in Pantheon Mail
"Erase disk and install elementary" partition defaults
How can i install Apps from other sources?
Keyboard shortcut to move window to different monitor
Viber Wingpanel icon broken
Slingshot delay and other apps (Loki)
Restart GUI without rebooting the system
how can I disable control alt delete
Use macOS-style modifier keys
Screen distortion
Significant lag loading panel and dock after login (Loki)
Changing desktop background in system settings does not update the background
Tried to dual install Loki with Windows 7, but it says no other OS detected. Any advice?
Bitcoin, Keepassx from repositories?
packagekitd takes a lot of CPU when starting Loki
Newb problems, yet another appcenter thread
Battery life Loki
Cannot connect to internet from USB dongles in elementary os loki
Halo around text
apturl doesn't work in Loki
UEFI dual boot won't dual boot
is node.js compatible with elementary loki?
Chrome keeps forgetting my sessions on every reboot on Loki
Print on Elementary OS Loki
How do i make customizations to Loki?
Prevent Spotify notification from making sound
Epiphany not blocking adverts
Unable to Browse Files on External WD Harddrive
Problems to install .deb package
How to install Google Chrome?
Opera doesn't open in guest account
Way to enable vertical two-finger scrolling, but not horizontal?
Login redirects back to login screen
Disable AppCenter automatic searching to prevent freezes
How to scale desktop on second display?
How can I change label color for any entry in Files, using scripts?
How do I sync my google photos using the photos app?
How can i switch between Intel and Nvidia Graphics card?
How to remove GNOME Build Tools?
Parallels doesn't open the installation file
How to use media shares in loki
How can I set the physical button to act as right click on an older MacBook?
Apple Macbook Air Optimisation
Name of elementary OS terminal (to open new terminal window from within Terminal)
Differences between gnome-terminal and pantheon-terminal
Maya shows the events the day after but the integration with Wingpanel works perfect
AMD R9 390 not running games with AMDGPU
How to add a new VPN connection in Loki using .ovpn file?
Customize Numix theme: title bar header height
In which thing OS is developed/written?
Will there be elementary OS 5.0
how can i disable sleep mode when i turn off pc monitor (close notebook)
How to create an app menu item to run TeamSpeak3 installed app
dark theme loki
Installing elementary OS on a UEFI 32bit Baytrail
Run Pantheon Files as root
pantheon-mail horizontal elongation
Loki System text malformed
Installing Deepin Terminal
xinput trackpad settings
No icons on buttons on GTK# apps
Have settings launcher in plank? (preferibly by default)
Adding Korean Input for Loki
How do I move my swap file to another disk?
Don't show minimized windows in overview
How do I disable the touchpad in elementary OS?
Keyboard layout for single window
How to customize wingpanel in elementary OS 0.4 Loki?
Cant update Freya 64 bit
No system tray icon of Steam
How to upgrade to a newer version of elementary os?
Determine if Notebook or Desktop in Vala
How to update the kernel in eOS 0.4 Loki to solve hardware-related issues?
Synapse on Loki
How can I install gazette in elementary OS 0.4 Loki?
How to get Japanese input working on Loki?
System Settings > Keyboard > Shortcuts [ <fn> shortcut not working ]
Problem with desktop image background (visually)
Spotify opens a new window when you click on the sound tray menu [Loki]
How to automatically hide wingpanel?
Small windows can't be resized (look pics for clarification)
How to use the compose key in Qt apps?
Persistent USB mode for elementary OS Loki
Install Google Chrome on Loki
A lot of issues with the new eOS loki, any tip is good!
System Load Indicator (indicator-multiload) doesn't work correctly on Loki
There is no option for me to connect to DSL network
Can't install Steam through AppCenter
Can the keyboard layout name on the panel be edited?
Loki - Dock missing
Having trouble with mouse pointer dissapearing after login
Desktop desn't loads after reboot
Deleted all .list files on /etc/apt/sources.list.d* recover elementary .list files
How to access full app center in live mode
C720 Function Key Configuration
Ubuntu Software Centre not opening on elementary OS
Empty AppCenter
Remove plank without removing elementary-tweaks in Loki?
.bashrc doesn't exist and doesn't work
Messed up Mount Options
Contributing to elementary OS team
CTRL + SHIFT + key when using CTRL+SHIFT to switch keyboard layout
AppCenter icons still show updates pending after terminal (apt) is used to upgrade packages
elementary OS 0.4 text is too light. Can I make it darker?
Can't input anything into app menu search box
Wifi has odd behavior
Wireless is always disabled, cant unable it
Desktop background glitch after unlock Nvidia 1070 GPU
Move Google Chrome close/minimize/maximize buttons to the left side
Black screen when installing OS
Text color bug after installing OS X Theme
Authors and licenses of wallpaper images
I am unable to update or install software in the AppCenter
Launcher Albert crashes on Loki
Switch between keyboard layouts with a keyboard shortcut in Loki
Script or terminal command for enable or disable keyboard backlight
Messenger for Desktop is not working (Loki)
How can I disable spell checker red-line marking in Mail? (or make it work with my language)
Only on Elementary OS Loki 0.4, wifi and ethernet works for about 5 seconds, then nothing
How can I configure the camera app to disable mirroring?
Calendar reminder not working in Loki 0.4
I just installed elementary OS. How do I make a bootable USB drive to install it?
"You need 220 M on disc /boot" What I have to do?
No user names visible at Pantheon Greeter until click
Loki: Canon Pixma MG 5250 Scanner not working/detected
elementary OS doesn't shut down
Display layout problem with 3 monitor screens
Loki - no VPN connections in network-manager tray applet
How can I turn off the new keyring pop-up window?
Firefox doesn't remember the last download location in Loki
How to launch Seamonkey?
Install Loki in Pentium 4 machine
Mail gui stretching (Freya/Loki)
How do the system requirements compare between elementary OS releases?
Where can I download older versions of elementary OS?
How to embed image in elementary OS Loki Mail email compose?
Error SQUASHFS?
How can I setup a printer with own ppd file?
How do I fix this error when trying to install packages?
Where's Footnote in Loki?
Features 'reveal pointer' does not work, whereas previously functioning properly
Time wrong since dual-boot installation
Installation elementary OS 0.4
Installation and persistence on an SSD
How to disable saved state for pantheon-terminal?
lock desktop without a super key
Restore original elementary OS theme
Uninstalling hello-again App from elementary OS developer tutorial
How to install video card drivers (e.g., nvidia)
dp/hdmi not working
Firefox "Reader View" introduces static to my sound
Sending files via bluetooth
Update Gtk+ on Loki?
Loki: Can move cursor on the screen but can't click on anything
Contacts app not showing in Applications
Cannot change brightness on lock screen
How to set alternative terminal as default
No Display Port output & hardware acceleration when using Loki on a Mac Mini 2011
Change saturation on Elemtary OS Loki
How to you install Adobe Air on Loki 64bit
Wingpanel Keeps Resetting on click
Weird shadow/glow/smear on the right side of all windows
SOLVED Problem Broadcom 43142 wifi
Can elementary OS running on a Raspberry Pi?
VPNC & network-manager
Sluggish performance on Oracle VM
Firefox version not the newest
Skype won't launch on Elementary OS Loki
Can you install Compiz on elementary OS
Touchpad super slow on Acer E5-574G with Loki
Applications look ugly when using third-party "Arc OSX themes"
Bug? - Wallpaper thumbnails not shown (settings/switchboard)
Shaky mouse pointer when using touchpad
Soft lockup and delayed boot
Multiple Monitors not functioning properly
How can I encrypt a drive with LUKS
How to zero out a disk
HDMI completely broken in Loki?
apt-get upgrade error because of appstream-data-pantheon-loki-stable-icons - 0.4
No USB drives recognized on my laptop
Crash after suspend or lock screen
get back ubuntu software center, software & updates
How to disable startup chime?
Fullscreen videos & some apps are viewed in a new workspace
Intel graphics performance on Loki
Xiomi Mi Book: Wifi not working
Can not deactivate Alt+F7 XWindows shortcut (conflict with Netbeans)
Smooth cursor movement on touchpad (Loki 0.4)
How can I tell what is making Elementary Loki slow in my laptop (Intel Core i3, 4Gb RAM)
Loki 0.4 does not boot after install
How do I remove copy/paste touchpad controls from Elementary OS Loki?
"Fit to screen" For External monitor
Macbook Air webcam not working
How to refresh a single thumbnail in Files (Loki) without deleting the thumbnail cash?
How to upgrade to latest version of Epiphany/Web browser?
Connect Calendar to CalDAV server
Why is the firewall off by default?
Loki 0.4.0 touchscreen support
I maybe corrupted my BIOS
What is the shortcut key to rotate photos in Photos app
Cannot change brightness with Nvidia drivers installed
What is the end of life for Loki?
ElementaryOS Loki - window shadow offset
Copied files are disappearing from USB stick
Is there a button in Audience (Videos Application) to switch to full screen?
How can I hide errors in Evolution?
Mouse cursor invisible after installing Parallel Tools
Problem booting with NVidia graphics
Need a simple solution for video podcasting
Wallpaper wonked out after signing back in when locked out
Filesystem errors after resuming from hibernate/suspend
Firefox 49.0 doesn't show words in italics on Wikipedia
Cannot open or save files from within applications
Default email stretches across the screen
Email alias in Mail?
Replacing "Applications" in the panel button with an icon
Files: Unable to mount server (SSH)
Trouble installing Infinit app on Loki
Disable AppCenter dock reminder
Brightness Controls not Working with NVIDIA Drivers
Calendar-App shows events incorrectly (with googlecalendar)
Loki AppCenter is listing all apps as uninstalled
in Loki after install get error connecting to Tor at tacp: 127.0.0.1:9050
NVidia Geforce 940mx and Intel Skylake graphics hybrid. Proper configuration?
Loading animation freezing in Loki
How to enable Alt-F2 command execution with tab-completion?
Interim way to view changelog when OS updates are available?
How do I install Vuze?
Encrypted Elementary doesn't boot on first try
How to play a DVD on Loki?
Delay during login after entering correct password in Loki
How to disable auto-update in Loki
App Center does not start
Covergloobus On Loki
Resume from suspend: missing icons, blank text and black areas in applications,
Eclipse and Aptana Studio 3 not working; How can I fix this issue?
Making the GUI authentication persist through login session
Gnome Boxes won't create a VM
How to enable digit grouping (thousands separators) in calculator?
How can I change keyboard shortcuts for Epiphany?
Meaning of options in Energy plug
Where does Scratch saves temporary files?
Weird graphical glitch in Photos (apps)
Sensible hardware spec?
Third-party apps not intalam
Realtek RTL8101 Wi-Fi services on Loki (elementary OS 0.4)
"The repository 'cdrom://elementary OS 0.4 _Loki_ - Stable amd64 (20160921) xenial Release' does not have a Release file"
unable to open uris or files with this app
Asus X555UB , Realtek ALC256 no sound
The Applications Menu Is Too Wide
I can't see any wireless setting in loki 0.4. Please help!
Screen Just blank when selecting "install elementary os"
keyboard shortcut to force dock to appear
Change font colour on dark variant of Elementary theme
How can I get menus with icons in Loki?
Ibus-unikey not work
How to remove mail client from Elementary OS Loki 0.4
Change (or disable) spell checker language in Pantheon Mail
How to put minimize and maximize button in elementary os loki
EOS updates causes compiled gvim to get replaced with vim from packages
How do I stop scrolling from happening when I take my finger off the touchpad?
Phanteon FTP connection not create file and folder
After change Admin-PW I can't log in anymore
First open Slingshot
Loki OpenGL issue with VMWare Workstation 12.5
Regex used by Music Application
Error update " Could not get lock /var/lib/dpkg/lock"
Loki: AMDGPU-PRO drivers black screen my machine
Can't install kdenlive and kdeconnect, 403 forbidden
Clicking on a video in my Photos library may crash the Photos app or does nothing
I cannot play a DVD in any video player
Steam cannot be installed because of missing 32-bit libraries
Sometimes, desktop environment failed to start
Is there a way to reorder systray indicator icons?
How to disable the touchpad when mouse plugged in? - Loki & Freya
Intel Wifi 8260 not working
In Loki after signing in its taking three minutes to egt to a screen where I can actually get access to task bar apps or anything else
Laptop has one bad and one good graphics card
Does AppCenter update packages I have installed (such as Node.js)?
Synaptic Package Manager
Problem installing ppa webupd8team/java
Screen tearing when logging from hibernate or suspend
No more power button
How can I configure the power button to shutdown the computer
Loki freezes and black screen after suspend
Unable to install uberwriter
Any work-around for the performance regression related to external monitors/HDMI?
Is there a configuration file for Photos?
SynPS/2 Synaptic Touchpad gone crazy
Panel not showing on second monitor
LibreOffice Won't Open when installed by Appcenter
Cursor Size not changing
Elementary OS freezes during use
http://blog.elementary.io/ direct to https://www.datenschutz.de/?
How do I reduce the icon size in the Slingshot menu on Loki (0.4)?
When I open App Center I can't view the updates and items I try to download are in a waiting list
Is it possible to get smart window placement?
Loki freezes after screen locks itself
How to install drivers for TP LINK WN822N v4 Wireless USB Adapter?
I have no GUI after signing in
Why is KeePass2 not in the AppCenter?
StatusIcon not showing/working
Strange "rubberbanding" on pointer in Loki
Network printer add Loki system settings printers
How can I disable rotation overall
Does Franz (multi messenger) work on elementary freya?
how to install gcalcli on Loki?
How to sync Android phone with Noise?
WiFi on MacBook Pro (12,1 - Early 2015)
f.lux stops working sometimes when a (native) notification arrives
Close, minimize and maximize buttons not appearing in some apps
Pantheon greeter configuration failed
elementary OS & RX 480
How to disable rotation
Gala high CPU usage
Can I change the brightness threshold of the slider?
How to enable hibernate option in menu? [Loki]
Workspace grid view in Elementary OS
Asking for authentication for update the system
I'm thinking of completely uninstalling Windows 10 and using Elementary OS full time but I have a couple questions
Install Birdfont on elementary OS
Slingshot (wingpanel) command - LOKI
Can the bluetooth idle threshhold be extended?
Artifacts in background
Certain application icons does not show up in dock when opened
Installing Skype, Steam, Wine problems
No tap-to-click setting for ASUS F556 touchpad on eOS Loki
How to auto login (straight to desktop without any password)
unbind excel on super + e keyboard shortcut
Can I pay with PayPal to download elementary OS?
Language settings
Compatibility with Ubuntu
Not being prompted to "Erase Disk and Install eOS" during setup
dual boot loki + osx on mac mini
PGP Signatures of ISO Downloads?
elementaryOS Loki - Plank themes
Loki (64 bit only) on a Acer Aspire One Ao532h (ATOM N450)
Lost the appcenter in Loki
Spotify crashing the wingpanel (loki)
Is itpossible to have an onscreen keyboard on the login screen
How Do I Get RuTube.ru To Play Videos?
Is there a public vagrant box available for Elementary OS Loki?
How does one run Vim from a new install?
When I attempt to export a calendar, nothing at all happens.
How can I install Cinnamon on Loki?
Why I am not getting extract button in archive manager?
Steam does not run
Dconf Editor problem - no changes
Is there a way to remove the date and time from wingpanel in Loki?
Vnc / rdp grey screen
Notification display length in loki
EOS Loki Mail crash an cannot be reopen
Wired connection doens't work (RTL8111/8168/8411 PCI Express Gigabit Ethernet Controller)
Elementary .Desktop Example?
Log jam with AppCenter
Install RealVNC on elementary OS
App center update exceptions?
Can't get a grub prompt or menu on boot
Google OAuth02 Online Plugin - for Goolge Contacts Sync (& Google Drive?)
Using Granite with a different language besides Vala
How to make Noise play what I want?
Where are the screenshots saved to in 0.4?
I tried everything, but still I couldn't install elementary-tweaks on Loki
Forgot to check "install third party software" when installing Loki
Installing libXp on Loki
Top menu bar is disapearing
Email account won't sign in
How can I have the same applications in the Dock for the Guest session as I have in the Administrator account?
Safely Unmounting a USB
Installing Elementary Sdk unable to locate package
Notification appearing without icon for python script
Why is one of my 4 cores running around 14-17% and something on my network active while idling?
Intel 7265 Chipset, Elementary can't connect to wifi
How do I remove Plex?
Wireless Using Intel Wireless 7260 Won't Activate (eOS Loki)
How to duplicate the taskbar on the second monitor on Loki?
What is this red circle icon upper right corner next to keyboard settings?
Can't get elementary to install on a USB stick
Sync Iphone IOS 10.1
Can´t install ANYTHING from AppCenter
Cannot connect to my VPN service
Can't install private internet access
Saving files to desktop
Opening .BAT files
Skype for Linux Alpha Wingpanel Indicator
Dual boot on OSX 10.10
Bluetooth issue
PrtScn not working natively
Loki Wifi keep turning off on ASUS X45U Laptop
How to see update details
Back in time on Elementary OS
How to completely reinstall lightdm?
apt-get update error "Network is unreachable"
Network sharing with OSX
Can not unlock screen in Loki
How can one properly paste a folder in a system folder?
Loki's file manager repeatedly creates a random ~/.config/dconf/user file
How to delete Google Calendars in Maya (Loki 0.4)?
Verbose boot up
Pantheon-mail account configuration dialog doesn't fit in low-res displays
How do I if possible, master reset?
How can I set my top right hotcorner to open Terminal?
Scratch editor binary file load and session restoring problems
loki: reinstall the cups package
Revert back to Freya
How can I make the scrollbars thicker - in Loki?
NetworkManager is delaying my boot. How can I solve it without breaking functionality?
After instalation, boot error message: can not find any operational system
How to add "Show Desktop" icon in elementary OS?
Modify titlebar buttons
How to bind power button to choice what I want
What are the differences between Marlin and Pantheon Files?
Remapping Alt+ijkl to arrow keys
Multiple instances of Files
Subtitle not shown in Videos
Is elementary OS performance suitable for Games and Steam?
How to install Radeon drivers on Loki
Why does the system said that I had no more free disk space?
Wingpanel Suddenly Disappeared
File Storage in Photos on elementary OS
Missing Epson printer driver
Problems installing winehq
Haskell Platform last version
Wallpaper bigger that screen breaks wallpaper
Vim looks different in tmux
how do I install Mediatek MT7630E Wifi driver for elementary loki
Apache web server not running
Setting hotkey for application menu
"Touch Pad" randomly stop working
elementary for audio production?
Backlight asus zenbook ux510uw
Dell Vostro 5470 Low audio
How to build an indicator from source?
can I add a signature to mail in Elementary OS?
Icon on Files -> Devices does not disappear
How to NOT disable touchpad while typing?
Live USB install problem
Various icons now missing
TLP Power Management disables USB devices in my ASUS UX305 ultrabook. Needs restart!
Maya basic usage
How to enable desktop icons and right click in Elementary OS Loki (0.4)?
Shortcut key unkown
Screen locking just after sign in
How to customise terminal to condense my the path to show just the current folder?
Window title bar buttons style
Installing elementary (replacing ubuntu) without having to reinstall applications
New Install Keyboard and Mouse not Responding on Login
Trackpad and keyboard not working on Macbook 12-inch 2015
Zoom in like Mac does
Sometimes the dock and top bar do not appear on elementary Loki. What to do?
Trouble resizing XPad window on VirtualBox VM
Ctrl + Alt + Delete shortcut (Loki)
Touchpad multitouch behaviour change
How to use parental control
Virtualbox host-only device changes network indicator state
Software in AppCenter aren't up to date
Wi-Fi suddenly disappeared
Epiphany "Oops! Unable to display this website."
Can I get bluetooth devices to remain after suspend/resume and/or reboot
Loki 0.4 - network-manager applet shows disconnected after docker installation
How to re-install windows without breaking my eOS
BlackScreen after install Nvidia Drivers
How can I add a keyboard shortcut to a plank shortcut?
graphics driver broken [solved]
Long load time on bootup with nvidia graphics card
Touchpad stops working after a while
Wingpanel disappears after few seconds of starting up!
Elementary OS freezes while watching Video or when connecting to a SMB server
Can't get linux-image source
Maya work view or day view
When I switch to a different work-space, why does the dock indicate apps opened in the other work-space(s)?
create a custom .iso of loki
Cannot shut down and CPU fan goes crazy
Command to show Plank dock
Help, have i bricked my Seagate 1TB SSHD?
HC-05 module to Processing
An 'out-of-the-box' working DAW for music production
"The software is not from a trusted source" when updating Operating System from AppCenter
Nvidia Drivers question
screenshot-tool crashed and my system is stuck with obscured text
How to Enable or disable touch pad in elementary os loki?
What's the best way to setup Elementary for a "10ft interface"?
Need help with changing the wingpanel icon of MegaSync Linux client
Middle click on touchpad no longer works
App center crashes when typing into search bar
Will the developers add the option to automount external media & devices?
CTRL + SPACE not working on 0.4 Loki
Keyboard/touchpad does not work Surfacebook
How do I find shortcuts to text editor Scratch?
How to set dark theme for Android Studio?
Appcenter crashing
VPN list strange behaviour
Change alt+tab behaviour
Photo icon preview from SMB network share
Is there any way to donate through PayPal?
Terminal rename tab
App Center is crashing
Trash bin problem
Trouble installing MatLab R2015A on elementary OS
Connect to PHPMyAdmin from guest (Windows)
freya can't install anything by apt-get install
Applications installation
How can I create an event with natural language parsing in Calendar?
Can I enable the desktop to create files, folders and shortcuts? In loki
Enable image previews in Loki file manager
Waiting for package manager lock what does that mean?
Sound issue after system update
App Center crashing when typing on search and on specific categories click
I have problems with getting rid of nautilus handling my desktop
How to close error reporting to Ubuntu
Dell 13 xps media keys are dead
No sound at all in elementary OS Loki
Slingshot Issue
Cannot install on late 2006 intel imac
Can't make Wallch (wallpaper changer) show up in Loki, even though it's running
Software Center won't run in Loki
How can I install the latest Pantheon-files(0.3.xx) from (0.2.4) in Freya?
I've added the Daily PPA and Appstream causes an error when trying to upgrade
File search doesn't work in Loki
More than ten search-results in Pantheon Files?
Sound output device suddenly not recognized (loki 0.4 stable)
No Sound for no reason
If I donate once, do I get continuous updates of elementary OS whenever it is released?
How can I downgrade to Linux Kernel 4.2?
Elementary os Loki touchpad right-click
Black screen or kernel panic after suspend?
New installation on MacPro not recognised
CPU stalling on a Razer Blade During Installation
Sound problem. Don't hear anything, only external wireless speaker works
Free space on /boot disk problem
Hardware Enablement Stake update make mouuse invisble on Freya
mouse cursor reset to a weird old cursor
I have a problem about updating system
It says there are only 996MB free space of my home partition, but the pantheon-files tells me that there are 98.2G free out of 1.9TB
elementary OS 0.3.2 Freya (64-bit) (Ubuntu 14.04) black screen after Update
1,414 lines of syslog has been written when computer starting up - is it normal?
PhpStorm: Dead keys not working (for ', ", etc)
How to install nvidia graphics driver for nvidia 820m on loki?
newby from Mac: how do I "install" a program I've downloaded
Touchpad fast scroll possible?
how to connect with pia
How is Gnome Software different to AppCenter?
Case sensitive tab completion
How to get my partition back
Does Elementary run smoothly natively? [Slow and Buggy on Virtualbox]
Lockscreen Clock Format?
How Do I Set HiDPI Scaling for individual displays on elementary OS Loki?
Elementary make my laptop's fans stop working
How can I contribute to fixing bugs in elementary OS?
Install f-spot - no installation candidate
Sometimes the system boots slow
No USB when already logged
Wingpanel Error
How to install NVidia card driver (laptop)?
boot disk will not load on my Core 2 Duo osx 10.6.8
ROS (Robot Operating System) for elementary OS Loki
How to solve equations in Calculator?
Audience video player last played video
How do I download Elementary OS for free?
Elementary on 2 in 1 laptops - Touch screen
Pinch to zoom not working on MacBook Air Mid 2011 running Elementary OS Loki
Wired and Wireless issue
Slingshot search not working (not accepting keyboard input)
Is it possible to use an USB webcam with Snap?
How to stop AppCenter New Updates?
Is there any way to enable a screen keyboard when input is required?
Make Scratch stop asking to save a file before closing a file
Webcam extremely slow in Snap. How can I fix it?
How can I change the swap partition in Loki
New session when the lockscreen shows up (or when my laptop goes in standby)
How to increase battery performance?
Loki Calendar summary - shifted one day
Battery always says 0%
Does Elementary OS support HPLIP for HP printers?
Will the Preferences URL Specification pose a security threat?
Can't reboot into elementary OS after MBpro PRAM reset
Sorting files in different maps (folders)
"Installer crashed" during install process on a dual boot UEFI Windows 8.1 64-bit laptop
Toogle do not disturb mode with keyboard shortcut?
How to view the change log?
Behavior when plugging USB
How does using extern functions work?
How to get my computer to turn off when the lid is closed
Pantheon doesn't load
Installation on flash drive produces errors. Did I install correctly?
How to send emails with GPG signing through Pantheon-mail
When PIA is running, you can no longer access the application to connect to a different VPN. It's no longer in the notifications panel
LDAP User cannot logout, reboot or shutdown
Elementary crashing on desktop login
No sound from external monitor HDMI
App Center won't show installed programms // won't install new ones
How to make disk Partition?
Cannot make windows fullscreen in Loki with multiple monitors
Can't update OS anymore
How to set video in background of lock screen?
Back in time doesn't make new snapshots
Wingpanel and Plank have disappeared.
Startup applications: open programs in background mode
Is there a way to add log-in user names and passwords for sites in Epiphany?
Unable to install Elementary OS in Acer Aspire F-15
Mounting internal drive to be shared between users
Clipboard manager with Pantheon integration
How to disable desktop switch on fullscreen
How to add Google Calendar in the Calendar app with two-step authentication?
Unexpected flickering mouse and constant clicking
Wingpanel going transparent on its own
Plank dock - hiding and showing by custom keyboard shortcut
Editing (customization) wingpanel elementary OS 0.4 Loki
Loki AppCentre updates page blank, can't do 1 update
Tap to click enabling with console Command
Dual monitors with different PPIs
Add divider to plank(dock)
Using Intel HD Graphics + NVIDIA GPU with Loki
Newbie Q re: a RTL8723BE wifi fix, and how to install one
Freya cursor not moving
Changing Vala or GTK version to compile
Pantheon Desktop shell unresponsive / hang / freeze when using kodi
Is there a way to refresh the Pantheon-Files "Entire-Network"
Problem software instalation 'Demeter'
Set MS Office as predefined
ElementaryOS on Pentium D
Native/universal app format or easier to install apps for elementary os, plus a few other quick questions
Blocking apps for users in an office
Epiphany doubled capital letters
Missing the top panel. how to return the panel?
Why do some apps have no close button?
Alternative to desktop for file storage or how can I enable storing files on the desktop?
Cannot write @ on the Danish Mac Keybord layout
elementary OS Loki: I have to put the laptop to sleep right after booting to make it work
Hash SHA256 does not match
Get the current song information from volume control (command, etc)
No sound in headphones
Trackpad problems (scrolling)
How can I add / renew CA cert's which pantheon-files is using?
How to make Music (Noise) remember the volume value
Sound and Camera on HP Pavillion X2
I've installed loki but i still have "Install RELEASE" app installed(like live session)
Installation errors
Intel 8265 doesn't work in Loki
Add 'Share Dropbox link' to Files right click menu
Why are some apps dark and some apps light?
Do you plan to develop Night Mode?
some keyboard buttons don't work(calc and file shortcuts)
Home partition not showing in Files sidebar
Light background for Files with dark theme
How to enable multi touch gestures
Cannot start the specific sub-System Settings items from Applications launcher (Slingshot)
How can I disable Airplane Mode?
no way to run commands as a login shell in terminal
XPS 13 9350 - Audio produces nothing but hissing/white noise
Internal soundcard doesn't automatically switch to headphones when I plug them in
How to make OpenPGP Applet appear on Wingpanel?
How to enable lower right corner touchpad as Secondary click on 2008 Macbook 5,1
External monitor resolution on Macbook Pro is not permanent, reverts to original when lightdm is restarted
What do the three dots on the network icon mean?
Can I remove xterm?
Open url from terminal in chrome
Indicators running but not showing on bar
How can I make wingpanel look right with a 3rd-party stylesheet?
How can I play music while the screen is locked?
How do I connect to two networks (wired and Wi-Fi) at the same time?
Intel core i7 6500 skylake - Chrome flickering/tearing
Encryption of the 'home' folder
elementary OS unable to boot
How to set user dirs? (~/.config/user-dirs.dirs file is ignored)
Check whether full disk encryption is active?
How to install budgie desktop on elementary OS (Loki)?
Elementary OS Loki proxy settings
How to disable "You are connected!" window?
Maximize apps on second screen only maximizes to half the width
Loki - running on a Chromebook using crouton
Download not working on homepage
Wifi network keeps disappearing (Intel 3160 wireless card)
elementary OS won't boot past live CD screen
Slow Internet connection (WiFi) while using elementary OS Loki (Ralink RT3060)
I can update to Linux Kernel 4.9?
Highlight text on single click - epiphany address bar
0cf3:3004 Atheros AR3012 Bluetooth stop working within 5 minutes
How to disable the empty workspace that appears when switching between them?
Login screen fonts look weird
How can I print Headers in Mail
Do i need to install again drivers in dual-booting this OS?
bluetooth pairing microsoft ergonomic keyboard
Can my Thinkpad w550s run elementary os with no problem?
Bluetooth turns off after reboot
Custom command won't run at startup
Pantheon-terminal key binds
apt-get can't locate any package after fresh install
Sync Apple Calendar & Google Calendar into native Calendar application
How to move folder in /usr/share/themes
Did I install Firefox right and safely?
UI is messed up, how to restore the original?
How do I uninstall an app?
Trouble with Nvidia driver under Loki
VST on Elementary
Bluetooth headphones not showing up as sound output on Dell XPS 15
Divide a video output
Slingscold wingpanel integration
HP Pavilion g7 sound not loud enough in elementary OS
Printer does not work
How to give a specific program more resources
VirtualBox Fail on Loki w/ Kernel 4.8
OSX Theme for elementary OS
Ways to boot faster in elementary OS
shortcuts mac osx
Installing elementary OS alongside Ubuntu 16.10
vista multitasking background corrupted in loki
Remap Workspace Overview shortcut (Command+S)
Installing messes up resolution
How to install default photo app?
Desktop showing as a window above original
Disable Blinking cursor in Pantheon Terminal
Wallpaper not updating (Loki)
Is it possible to disable notifications sound on do not disturb mode?
How to get Russian works in Fcitx?
How to restore the default short-cut key binding?
Enabling context menu icons in Pantheon Files?
Can I have on my mac Sierra computer both runing - mac sierra and elementary?
How to get mac like gestures in loki?
I can't find the program "details"
Wifi stays Disable in HP X360 i5
How to use Pantheon File Manager to connect to Apple Time Capsule drive
Can one run Elementary within VM
Help me installing Linux on a UEFI only Notebook
Difficulties creating USB stick that boots and installs on MacBook circa 2007
How do I make all window corners to be rounded?
Resetting Menu / Desktop
Center/disable clock on login screen
How do I fix my GUI and package manager, after having removed nvidia-prime?
Multiple DPi Screens on Loki
Error while installing GIMP
I rebooted and now when I log in, nothing but the wallpaper shows up[sloved]
Wingpanel disappears when opening spotify
Elementary freezes after locking screen
Update libinput driver
problems with wifi rtl8723be
How to install Adobe Digital Editions?
No video on Mac Mini over HDMI
Is it possible to get a notification counter in the wingpanel?
Wired Network indicator while disconnected
Deleted downloads folder
Is there mobile network, and hotspot in elementary OS?
How does one install a Debian downloaded package?
Dell XPS 13" (9360) arriving soon, downloaded Loki - any issues / tips?
SSH private key permissions suddenly changed
How can I Change VSCODE sidebar font
cannot install elementary OS by usb or hdd
Trying to install rofi
How can I restore a folder in pantheon-files
upgrade to elementary loki on dell 6400
Live system with persistance Vs Installing 0.4 loki on USB pendrive
Completly empty terminal screen
Touchpad shaking
Title bars on Chrome and Firefox changed after update 1/20/17
live USB and keyboard
Partitioning dual boot
How to enable Wifi in elementary OS Loki?
WIFI sometimes not working
Is possible to make Pantheon snap windows like Windows 10?
Flicker using browser and strange behavior with the mouse
How to start a GUI app in another tty
Command to start Pantheon-Terminal with custom window size
How can I turn off hardware acceleration in epiphany?
How to hide date in elementary top bar?
Can I install Linux 4.9 kernel?
Can I upgrade the elementary's ubuntu base to Ubuntu 16.10?
Delete albums/files in Noise
Can't install from iso image
Can't find gtk header file for vala-code compilation
Elementary os goes black when not touched for long
VPN Connection disappear
Pantheon Files context menu (contract) to run script in terminal
Where to find about arguments/options of Pantheon Terminal?
How to access desktop on a headless Loki machine
Private SSH key with password no longer stays unlocked for session
How to make file executable from context menu?
How to disable terminal feedback when writing password for sudo?
How do I change app styles?
Can I prevent pantheon-terminal from opening links unless ctrl is pressed?
Is the CPu temperature of my laptop normal -> possible overheating
External HDD doesn't appear in Files
How can I install ruby on rails in elementary os?
Need advice about custom drivers for Realtek RTL8188ee
Error in lollypop music player
Size of Controls
No analog Audio after new install
How to solve broken Google Chrome icon?
Is there a hotkey to switch through the windows of the current application? (as Alt + ` in Ubuntu)
How to download elementary OS a second time?
Why do I get these errors?
Not able to install applications
Commands to start sub-Settings?
Is there any fix for the high CPU usage of Gala?
Slow trackpad: finetuning and sensitivity/speed/accelation configuration
Empathy IM: interface unusable, not rendered adequately
Cumulus not working on elementary os loki
ppa essential for ElementaryOS
caffeine how to work it
How to remove third-party icons from wingpanel in Elementary OS Loki?
Elementary OS on Intel Atom?
Cogwheel icon on dock when using alt + tab
auto mount sd card on elementary os
Add custom launcher
mkusb persistent live boot configuration
Multi-Touch Gestures for eOS config file for Libinput OS
How to remove full disk encryption?
Problems with WiFi after recent loading of Loki 0.4
App Center missing icons on Loki
Elementary Loki crashes frequently
Wingpanel crashes on search
How long does it take to update driver in elementary OS?
gnome-software corrupted and cannot reinstall
Context menu to download subtitles in Pantheon Files
Support for Elementary os Loki?
How do I fix/calibrate my screen colors?
How to type "ë" using shift+e? (as in US international layout Windows version)
to share videos stored on my sd card to smartv "do not appear"
FN key on Apple Magic Keyboard via USB not working
camera and cheese not working
Evince slow start with "nimf" installed
Too long to power up
How do I change desktop + login background using terminal WITHOUT root permissions?
Missing icons in Applications and System Settings in Loki
I need help in doing the partitions for the installation process
Toggling Bluetooth on Wingpanel does not toggle Bluetooth in settings
Fan control in HP folio 13 with coolsense for windows installed
How can I change the guest session profile picture
Dead keys not working on Elementary OS Loki
Install Elementary OS on Intel Compute stick/low spec device onto SSD
maya calendar + icloud
Can Apache 2.4, PHP be installed and used with elementary OS?
Can elementary Loki be added to MS Active Directory?
What does this error mean? ("Ignoring file '20auto-upgrades.ucf-dist'")
How to enable Shutter systray icon in wingpanel?
Why are on-wake sound issues solved by opening System Settings?
elementary OS application development databases?
Something wrong with the AppCenter updates
How to install Flash player on Opera?
Wi-Fi doesnt work after update
Dual boot elementary OS and Vector Linux
Desktop not loading when waking up after suspend
I want to disable the crypto password when I switch on my laptop
CTRL-whatever and Shift-whatever require double tap
How to harden elementary OS
Issue after waking from sleep mode
Booting problem
How to install GPaste?
After installing Elementary os. computer won't boot
Making brightness work on Elementary OS Loki with fn key
Pantheon-mail freezes or crashes when using fcitx input method to reply a mail
Change from Ubuntu to elementary os
How to choose the default directory Pantheon-files starts in
Glitch in wallpaper during transition from greeter to gala during login to desktop with HiDPI
This is the nvidia driver installation question on elementary OS Loki - solved
Can't click login into admin account
Keyboard behavior in Epiphany forms (Web version 3.18.10)
Loki, libmtp error when copying to Android device
Bluetooth device duplicates (wingpannel)
What are the original settings for Ayatana blacklist in Loki? 2 wifi icons
Loki - Hot corner close window
Black screen after log out
(apt-get) Pipe error
How to get username or password on elementary Os?
Can Pantheon Files show sub-menus?
(Is it possible to find out) what caused or might have caused my encrypted home folder to get unmounted?
How can I upgrade 'Evolution Mail and Calendar' to Version 3.22 on Loki?
Trouble installing NVIDIA drivers
Mail application resets watch for new mail
How to fix resolution that isn't accurate when using HDMI?
Not Recognising Partitions When Attempting Dual Boot install
Duplicate Plank Icon for Custom Launcher
How to auto-hide wingpanel when window is maximized?
How to debug bluetooth
I paid to download the os and it only allowed me to get the 64 bit version. Need the 32 bit version please send a link. Gary Arey
How do I get Dell Firmware Updates on Elementary OS
How to get a Microsoft Exchange Client to work natively on elementary OS?
How to add FileSystem disk Drive space to another Disk
Save custom keyboard shortcuts ~ possibly backup other configurations
Cannot detect secondary monitor via HDMI, Intel GPU
How to use a printer on a Windows PC from Loki
How to remove second workspace?
SSD optimization?
Cannot Install Shutter Elementary Os
clean up trash in elementary OS 0.4 Loki
Concern about the future of vala
How to configure vpn on Elementary OS Loki?
Best place to store xrandr settings?
How to revert back to older elementary package?
downloading lots of data and keeps my cpu busy right after start
How to write plugin for scratch text editor from elementary os?
How to simulate middle mouse click in Loki?
list of keyboard shortcuts for Files
Two Icons showing in Dock for Minecraft using Custom .desktop file
How to access help for Slingshot launcher?
Does Pantheon-Mail allow download options
Gnome software centre is not installing
Can I configure an app to be always visible across all workspaces?
Switch only between windows of the same application (not tabs)?
Add latest libinput to Elementary
Has anyone installed elementary OS on the Lenovo Yoga 910 yet?
Graphics driver problem in loki
Touchpad just freezes after some time
Delay to Start Elementary OS 0.4 Loki (64-bit)
Sending files from phone to notebook via Bluetooth
How to install Remmina RDP Plugin?
Revert to default color scheme in Pantheon-Terminal
Is there a way to debug AppCenter? if yes where are the logs?
How to make sure the wireless network is the network whose status is used for the top bar
Can't start/boot Elementry OS loki after fresh install
Firefox don't play html5 videos on youtube
Any way to include flatpak .desktop files to the ones scanned by the Applications menu?
How can I install elementary OS in a partition of an external HDD?
Is there a way to get more detail about what changes are in "Operating System Updates"?
Fix bad quality audio in Bluetooth headphones
Why is there download of data automatically
apt-get and add-apt-repository not working
Empty window popping up after resume from suspend
Stuck on Boot After Joining Microsoft Active Directory Domain
System is not Booting after graphics driver installation
Elementary not booting (SOLVED)
Problems with boot after installation
elementary OS Loki Bluetooth
How can I add wingpanel to startup
I don't know if it is safe to update genetic kernel to 4.8
The sound is low compared to windows
How do I configure a VLAN interface to start at boot?
Troubles installing Grub in UEFI mode
Install libgtk2.0-0:i386 dependency problems
Gtk Granite : About Dialog not appearing properly
Elements tweaks does not show up/open and my computer crashes when I reboot
What is the rationale around changing standard UI conventions - specifically max/min/close titlebar controls?
F.lux indicator on wingpanel
Will "Erase Ubuntu16.10 and reinstall" keep my Win7 installation?
Compatibility on Acer Swift 3 SF314-51
Cannot disable AMD Graphics card, I want to run only Intel Integrated
How can I solve the blank screen after installing Elementary OS Loki 4
Loki : LTSP support
XORG issue from frozen trackpad - crumb!
Hangout/WhatsApp/Slack in notifications
Should I install the proprietary CPU drivers?
Is there a way to increase Videos (Audience) sound volume more than 100%?
can't see my hdd or ssd on instalation
Wifi down after waking up from a long suspend
Problems with bluetooth
How to add new mode to xrandr?
How can I get android studio working in Loki with the required 32 bit libraries?
How can I remove the keyboard layout icon from the wingpanel?
Loki 0.4 - Guided Install Assigned Extra Partitions?
Problem with app center
How to temporarily swap <super> and <alt> keys for keyboard shortcuts
Windows 7 gets started automatically after installing elementary OS, I cannot see options to choose OS
What is the keyboard shortcut to switch between terminal tabs?
Panthon Files context menu entry to set image as wallpaper
Connecting 2nd Monitor freezes Loki
Noise music player font problem
Settings -> Printers showing no window at home but does at work
Add to Startup an application that is not showing
Weird update error
Why do installation guide videos always go for "Something Else" option and not the "Erase Disk and Install Elementary"
Dead-keys not working in Skype
Black screen after wake up
Notifications are being identified as the wrong application
elementary OS booting in to KDE Plasma desktop
Load ZFS Partition under Devices
AppCenter not installing updates
Settings-Applications-Startup list versus ~/.config/autostart
cannot open Files in administrator mode
I couldn't find the Bluetooth settings in loki
Double File folder and strange simbol on the top
How to reduce "Files" 0.3.2 window size?
Run AppImage on Startup
How to execute .desktop in Files
Remove Nvidia Drivers
thinkpad keyboard layout not working
Pantheon Terminal Will not work after uninstalling zsh
How do I dynamically populate slingshot/plank
Why doesn't Pantheon Files remember default application for scripts?
Unable to mount or read SD card
XTerm Crash - Unable to open files
Logitech k750 Keyboard crashes Wing panel
How to make elementary OS detect only one display when HDMI is plugged out?
GTK theming in snap apps
No bash_profile and when I define it, it doesn't load
How to turn off screen magnifier?
Why is there no option to use Paypal?
Cannot connect pptp vpn: Vpn service stopped
No ethernet/internet
MIDI doesn't work
How to modify scratch text editor bracket completion plugin?
Display Issues after update
Log-in screen shows up on secondary monitor
How to change the background color of the notifications popup?
Loki Laptop, no sound through Radeon HDMI
Loki Broken dependencies. Not sure how to fix (Sudo apt-get install -f won't help)
Has elementary OS team considered creating elementary OS to be a rolling Distribution?
Slingshot: see proper icon of Playonlinux applications
Unread number i pantheon email doesn't update
Custom wallpaper set up through system settings shows up as black
Installing Canon MG2555 this happend:
Enabling back-cycling when using alt-tab?
How to boot into Loki & Windows
Set CPU Frequency on reboot
Simple install on Asus X205TA (over known good / patched Ubuntu?)
How to save alsamixer settings?
gparted unmet dependencies error while installing
Pantheon not responding to mouse clicks
Loki freezes every few hours since monday 6/3
WiFi USB dongle that work
Bluetooth device disconnects and bluetooth related UI locks up ocassionally
Steam installed but doesn't launch
Pantheon-mail. Click causes scroll up to the e-mail beginning [Solved]
Use of STYLE_CLASS_LINKED for Linked Buttons
elementary OS 0.4 Loki, How To Edit Grub
Which swap should I resize?
Can I safely install a bare bone Unity Shell in elementaryOS 0.4?
Mission Control key on a Mac keyboard
How to set applications to open in specific workspaces in Loki?
Can I swap the close bottons from left to right: Gnome
How can I reinstall the AppCenter
Access photos on iPhone
Cannot open Steam (weird error on terminal)
Speakers don't play sound, headphones do.
Network Manager Restart Script Issue
Allow executing files as program (java..)
Adding feature to elementary os
error turning off default printer please help
My Notebook VGA output port sends Logon Background Image, but not what is showing on scrn
Login screen not readable
Upgrade kernel to linux-4.4.53
How to resize the root file system of my installation?
No wifi access points with rtl8723be
How long should itl take to install elementary OS?
Will elementary OS work on the Asus tinkerboard?
High cpu usage Chrome
Awful experience!
Some Keyboard shortcut doesn't work
Downgrade linux kernel on lok 0.4
Image preview does not work
AMDGPU-PRO driver on loki
How to stop leaked DNS for VPN?
Unable to update apps in AppCenter
GTK Themes Doesn't Work Well on Loki
Frequent updates
Change Elementary OS Lock Screen Background With Vala and User Specific
Grub doesn't show at start up
Elemetary OS 0.4 Loki, How Do I Fix Screen Tearing
Can't install Teamviewer (version 11 or 12) because of dependencies, help
Macbook Pro - Won't stay asleep
Will Logitech K380 and MX Master work on elementary OS?
Notification Pop-up with with missing characters
Getting errors while using the command sudo apt-get update
elementary OS 0.4 Loki Installation utility not working
Removing Theme Icons and Wallpapers
how to install on a MacMini 1.1
Watching Netflix on 0.4 Loki
I can't install the elementary-transparent-theme
Terminal Crashes on start
OSX doesn't boot on mac after installing Elementary OS and modifying Grub
Loki takes long time to shut down
virtual terminal (getty) inaccessible?
My mouse pointer seems to lag visually, leaving cursor 'foot prints'
Black screen after wake after accidental greeter change
Running applications
Google Maps freezes with Chrome on elementary OS
Use the new version of Webstorm
How to install Scratch Text Editor in Ubuntu 16.04
Loki: Known bug in X.Org X Server 1.18.4; how to update?
Hash Sum Mismatch Error
Is it possible to drag windows not from their title like holding ALT in Unity?
After installing Linux in late 2011 macbook pro osx lion doesn't start
Install Elementary's desktop on Bash for Windows
Battery information in Loki?
Next Keyboard Layout shortcut in Loki
Screensaver installation
elementary OS WiFi problem Lenovo
WebKitGTK not installed / unknown version detected
Newbie question about updates vs upgrades/installations
Huge bug: copy/paste doesn't work in the pantheon-files rename menu
Network not working after i close lid of Dell XPS 9550
VMware Horizon Client icon not deleting
How can I add Documents in "Personal"?
Using elementaryOS with systemd-boot
I am using Linux kernel 4.8 but still getting 4.4 updates
AppCenter doesn't show updates or install anything
Super + S: How do I change this?
How to fix screen tearing with Nvidia GTX 970M Elementary OS?
Newbie question about Edimax EW-7811UN
Lenovo ideapad FLEX 4-1130 Install
No app icon when using search bar
Wine System Tray inside Wingpanel
Bluetooth isn't working, It doesn't find other devices
Sudden boot failure. Black screen
Fonts and some graphics disappear / lost after hibernate / sleep / resume / cycle
pantheon desktop takes a long time to load
How do I type in Japanese (anthy)?
Reporting bugs where?
Update size keeps increasing? What could be causing this?
Trying to install citrix receiver in elementary OS
(libcups2) dependency hell after apt upgrade
Which Boot option should i use?
Gnome Maps not working properly
System Sound (Master Volume) is not working anymore
I extendedly removed apt package manager, how to fix?
Is it possible to show both percentage and remaining battery life on wingpanel?
Photos missing crop, automatically improve, etc
Missing Library
Can't see my SSD when installing
How to refresh playlist in Noise music app?
What is "key-press-modifiers"
Pantheon not responding permanently just can move the mouse
Music won't sync with iPod
Where do I see the keyboard shortcuts for applications?
Camera inverted
Why Firefox and Transmission are using so much memory?
Rotate image in google talk and skype
No WiFi with Loki and Intel Dual Band AC 3168 card
USB Transfer speeds
Any tips for setting up thumb rejection (MacBook Air)?
packagekitd workaround?
can i push my modification directly to elementry os desktop repository ?
Wifi can't connect, Ethernet can
Print from Scratch as it looks in the editor
How can I make the OS treat a Network drive as local?
RDP or VNC to Loki
Show user names on the login screen
Pantheon Files Side Panel CSS
Visual problems after resume from sleep
Missing "Bluetooth settings"
Sound stopped working after update
How do I resolve GPG NO_PUBKEY errors?
Elementary OS Loki 0.4 - Background Image not changing (all black)
Drag and Drop in Pantheon Files Using Left Click?
I'm planning to Install Elementary OS, I just have a few Questions
how do I fix python version for freya?
I need to run exec bash to accsess Jekyll or Ruby for example
wxPython TaskBarIcon fails on elementaryOS
Monitors.xml is being ignored: Persistently change display rotation?
Problem with the store
WiFi networks not showing in elementary OS loki
elementary OS takes up to 20 seconds to login after I enter my login password
Bluetooth mouse not working even is connected, paired, trusted
App Center stuck on 'waiting'
My elementary os is freezing very often, how can I identify and solve this problem?
Suspend option is not working in elementary OS Loki
External Monitor Scaling Issue with elementary OS
Ctrl + Tab not working for Loki Terminal with Fish
Detecting USB Insertion/Removal
Elementary os updates not working
No ethernet connection
How to switch Wired connections in Elementary OS?
I just installed Loki and "The Panel" has disappeared.
Slow boot - a start job is running for
i have a problem with Android studio AVD and apt-get
Gnome web (Ephifany)
Gnome Shell Extension Counterpart in ElementaryOS
Remove ssh greeter message
Unable to locate elementary-sdk
nvidia backlight and flickering issue Mac 2010 LOKI
What kind of printing system used by elementary OS?
Something's up with the network indicator
errors with sudo apt-get update and app center not working
App Center not displaying updates, installed apps or installing any new apps
How can I change the default order of Dock icons for new users?
Can't get my usb wifi adaptor working
elementary OS going Zesty
Where does one file bugreports?
App Centre not showing applications other than installed apps
cmake .. not found package
Are there any other payment methods?
Can't type spanish characters in some programs
Custom elementary os iso for clients
Unable to install any softwares
Update enables accelerometer with wrong screen orientation
Uninstalling a "non-package-manager application"
Elementary OS is freezing after some time of use
Unable to select files from file manager in eos whe uploading,saving, or opening a file
Cannot turn off Caps Lock on lock screen
Is it possible to re-arrange the indicators in the panel?
System shuts down abruptly after waking up
Infinite loop on login screen
How can I use my Wi-Fi (Broadcom BCM43142)?
Cpu usage 50% because of network activity
Bluetooth device no more detected
Connect more accounts to e-mail client
Proper way to include assets when compiling a Vala GUI program
Wifi not working Elementary OS Loki 0.4
Duplicate Plank
Suspension of system results in unresponsive lockscreen
Ethernet not working on Loki
/usr/lib/ubiquity/bin/ubiquity Error Installing elementary OS
Disable search as you type in pantheon files
How to migrate all packages to elementary OS
AppCenter doesn't start: Metadata files have errors
Try to dual boot elementary OS with windows 10
howto install Mondo an elementary loki (16.04)
Does the kernel have AUFS support
Pantheon Integration of Google Drive
Using WWAN on elementary OS
How should I uninstall/remove Adobe Shockwave Flash in elementary OS?
Can't update or install anything on Elementary OS loki
Wingpanel suddenly shaded dark instead of changing fonts & icons to dark
How to access the internet?
Fonts looks weird at Loki (and just in my user session!). How do I fix it?
(solved) ISO Elementary Update (HWE Stacks, linux 4.8)
How can I enable my HP Wi-Fi when it doesn't show in the network menu?
stuck at boot menu:No default or UI Config directive found
mount shared folder in Virtual Box
My system doesn't boot up anymore
How to disable remember last position (directory) in apps?
Terminal says that the wallpaper is changed but I see that it doesn't!
How can I turn on "show open windows" dock element?
Is there any send/receive button in Mail?
How to set startup commands for application´s in launcher shortcut?
Video tearing and stutter - Help with drivers?
recent update messed up my system, can't update or install any package
How to install Omega T (Cat Tools) and JRE on Loki
How can I get multitasking / multiple workspaces to function in Loki?
Are there different ways to create new workspaces in Loki?
ThinkPad T460s touchpad jump
Copy and paste pictures doesn't work
USB drive does not pop up in Dock
How to switch screens if I only have one
greeter stuck after adding new user
Transparency in pantheon-terminal disappears after half a second
How to install iwlwifi?
Touchpad and wlan not working
Elementary OS on Macbook won't display wifi settings. How do i fix?
MacBook Air fails to wake from suspend
Vim commands on terminal do not work
(solved) System freeze when pluging usb device or power cable
Vivaldi flickering while watching videos
Startup command won't execute
“Turn off screen when inactive for” doesn't work
Loki apt update gives a lot of errors
Dell laptop boot with ethernet doesn't allow for Wifi when disconnected from ethernet
mplayer: error while loading shared libraries
Ralink RT3070 driver problem
How is your support for older 64 bit AMD processors?
How does Pantheon Files store color tags?
Dropbox "sign in" problem
Paste with middle mouse stop working
Where do I find find web apps' .desktop files?
Youtube homepage doesn't work
Bluetooth not function after apt upgrade
Epiphany - Can't login to Google with new google sign-in page
Blank screen after installation, please help!
When will elementary OS get Linux Kernel 4.10?
Installing Docker on Elementary OS Loki
-- SOLVED -- Bluetooth not detecting using Loki
Attempting to install Realtek Card Reader Drivers
How can I open a terminal?
the app centre is not downloading
Can I setup safe surfing in Epiphany?
wifi not working..kernel update not working
FontViewer v3.20.2 missing icon from "Applications" menu
How to reinstall plank and wingpanel from terminal?
my system is not booting
Wingpanel Disappeared -- And Won't Come Back!
how to install whatsapp?
Swift/GTK Bindings
my system is not restarting
Plank not starting after reinstall
Stuck with nvidia boot screen instead of login
Whats wrong with artikulate?
ZOOM UAC-2 : No sound
How to Share the environment Paths between Bash, fish and zsh shells
Can't pick custom folder?
How do I install AMD drivers for rx480 card?
Multiple commands in one custom keyboard shortcut
Will my Conroe 2.4 gig winXP work with elementry OS (The first Intel Core 2 Duo branded processor cores, code-named Conroe)
How to set shortcut for brightness
Icons messed up..Please help?
How do I set "button 2" of mouse to "show desktop"
Taking too much time to boot the system..?
Dual boot AppCenter not working
Menu key in terminal
Grave (backtick) key for the keyboard shortcut is not working
How do I turn middle click into left click?
How to completely clear screen in terminal with keyboard shortcut?
What is the difference between AppCenter OS updates and apt-get dist-upgrade
Language & Region all options dispear
What is the recommended way to update from elementary OS Loki 0.4 to Loki 0.4.1?
forgot my update password
nvidia driver: pantheon doesn't launch after apt upgrade
Languages won't show up
Searching in Slingshot causes Wingpanel Crash
Wingpanel crashing with string_contains: assertion 'self != NULL' failed
Suspend Problem (?)
My OS is displaying this image, I do not know what it is ... someone could explain
Inkscape encountered an internal error and will close now
Loki 0.4.1 packagekid process overloads the CPU
Apps no longer install after 0.4.1 upgrade
Loki 0.4.1 and replacing Windows help
Empty desktop after installing 4.1 version
What are the Switchboard Plugs URIs?
What's wrong with my manager disk size accuracy?
how to add smaller in icon in .desktop - file for slingshot?
Bluetooth Problem in Loki 0.4.1
Trying to "pay what I want" for Vocal in the Appcenter
Chrome opening further down screen each time
Cannot install any app
Language and Region section is empty
elementary os loki pantheon mail with Office 365
Help at installing elementary OS
Cannot install/update packages. Pantheon Files error
Cannot boot on newer kernel
Bluetooth manager requests use of pin to pair headphones - elementaryOS
How to install Realtek 8723BE wifi driver?
Not being able to change language settings
pantheon haveing problems after upgrade
Laptop goes to sleep on any keyboard key press
Bluetooth not work on elementary os 0.4 Loki
How to create bootable USB key in persistent mode from Windows 8.1 64bit?
Turn off display without screenlock
Wine not working in 0.4 Loki
Why not create a battery manager?
Can't copy & paste file from comp to usb
Unable to add printer
driver update selection in new AppCenter - do I need two nvidia drivers (340 375)?
System Rotated logs 12GB why? found with BleachBit
Can't recover after sleep
How can I find out what a Terminal command will do before I run it?
Screen tearing on Loki [nvidia]
How do I install elementary-sdk?
How can I install SABnzbd in elementary os
Installing/configuring telegram
'no' internet connection within appcenter
Right Arrow Key Navigation Shortcut Issue
Failed to start Light Display Manager?
Laptop display not recognized - Dual boot elementary and Windows 10
Can't activate wireless from WingPanel
Where is the pantheon GitHub repository?
Lots of updates but don't know if they are working
How to prevent elementary OS from closing all applications after waking a long lock period?
Cannot install .deb, applications and third party softwares
Problem to shutdown from wingpanel
Why is my Elementary OS Not Updating via terminal / Apps are not updating from App Center?
'packages.elementary.io/appcenter xenial Release' does not have a Release file
How to uninstall webstorm
Black screen after booting.
Desktop takes forever to load after restart
Getting an error message when trying to install elementary-sdk - Some packages could not be installed
Problem with finding bluetooth device
change username on elementary OS properly
Can I add an app launcher (optimally Slingshot) to the Dock?
Elementary.io website is down in Egypt
Dell XPS 13 9350 WiFi does not work
Hide "Recent" bookmark
Hot Corners modifier key
Wifi Not Working Elementary Os Loki 0.4.1
Updates available show both virtualbox-guest-dkms and virtualbox-guest-x11
I want to run a command everytime I login?
My elementary OS can't detect my wifi at all, just connect about ethernet. What to do?
How do I change music via command line
Custom application won't start
Vertical scroll wheel not working on logitech mx master
I am installing a new hard drive on my computer.
Problems Installing DraftSight in Elementary OS Loki 0.4
Intel Integrated Graphics Performance
Unable to boot into Windows
Elemantary OS + Google Chrome: Chrome is opening new tabs with ad-content
App Center package website down
Right - click menu events for simple chrome popup window is wrong
Ctrl+V doesn't work in Pantheon Files
Private directory gets unmounted on every login
Keybindings, specifically using the Super key in IntelliJ Idea
External monitor freezes OS
Plank is too hard to trigger
Touchpad works only after waking from Suspend
xterm crash - set pantheon-terminal to open terminal applications
Installation of an OS within the USB/DVD
How do you access the command line boot menu when not dual booting?
installing testdisk
Will a USB WiFi adapter that works for other Linux distros work with Elementary OS?
Connect to network share on startup
My touchpad isn't working
Apple keyboard - swap alt and super keys
Gamma value reset on reboot
WiFi does not work anymore
Shortcut to pantheon-terminal opens tab instead of new window
(SOLVED) How to enable HiDPI scaling in the pantheon greeter?
Operating system updates using AppCenter stuck
Overheating of the system in video viewing
My wifi has stopped working, unclaimed network?
Chrome locks up when uploading images
Steam is stuck on login, assertion 'regex != NULL' failed
Chrome Remote Desktop not working with elementary OS 0.4.1 Loki
Is the intel graphics driver seperate from the nvidia driver?
Why xmodmap effect do not last
Google Chrome Browser loses input when Pantheon File Browser is invoked for file upload
Sort applications in app center by number of downloads
Should I enable ubuntu updates in software-properties-gtk?
DA100 - XPS 9350 support - Loki
Amd CPU ryzen supported?
Elementary OS does not work with NVIDIA (SOLVED)
Wingpanel clock is out of sync with system time
Login slow even though booting is fast
Elementary OS App Store - No Network
I have an issue installing Loki on a MacBook pro from 2008
how to install thunderbird in Elementary os 0.4.1 (Loki)?
Slingshot crashes when I type to search
Bleachbit with Root Privilege not Working on LOKI 0.4.1 - Need assistance. Please
Why does my wifi keep doing this?
How to disable Bluetooth by default?
Why is packagekitd is running?
How to configure my VGN-CS320J multimedia keys?
Games installed through GOG do not work, but Steam games do
How to install Flatpak?
How to get Adobe Flash Player on elementary OS 0.4.1 Loki (64-bit) with Google Chrome
Macbook trackpad driver
Elementary OS does not shutdown correctly
Need Logon screen for entering domain Logins
Unable to boot Elementary OS on Mac Mini- Freya 32 Bit
When I install ubuntu or elementary OS, my laptop (Asus E200HA) keyboard does not work. But it works perfectly fine when I install Lubuntu
Can't use the back-tick as keyboard shortcut
No sound setting in System settings
Wireless Internet Connection - Loki new (clean) install
Alt + Backquote shortcut
Problems connecting to blutooth speaker
Album art can't be seen in Music Application?
Wireless not connecting Lenovo v510 - How to download drivers?
How to encrypt home folder after installing ElementryOS Loki
Hide new Skype icon from Plank
`apt update` is broken and appcenter doesn't show any apps
Asus K501UX Touchpad starts working with 30 seconds delay after sleep mode
Cut, Copy & Paste shortcuts were not working
Pantheon Shell Loading So Slow
Slingshot - Move / Edit items
Problem during installation
How to disable built-in wifi and use only USB wifi card?
getting NumLock to be on by default on start login screen (SOLVED)
Freeze on login
HUGE problem when trying to login!
Videos Won't Display Subtitles
how to filter files by extension in pantheon-files
Black screen at boot [SOLVED]
Is it possible to completely disable Universal Access zoom shortcuts? [Solved]
How to make a terminal split view?
How do you Partition On Elementary to Install Windows?
Text replacement in scratch-text-editor
Applications centre doesn't open
Is there a way to support rolling release update on elementary OS?
How to completely remove Python 2 and install Python 3?
How to replace just close minimize window icons?
Slow boot after reinstalling GRUB
Chrome profiles not working properly
Wing panel and dock disappeared elementary os Loki
Font looks weird
How to remap Wii U Pro controller buttons?
Wingpanel icon visible in Plank
Shortcut to shift window to second monitor
How can I reduce the space between icons on wingpanel?
Partitions while installing Elementary OS
Installing Nvidia proprietary driver via terminal
Can I install ElementaryOS from a CD?
ACPI Parameters
Printing error - forever occuring
How uninstall apps and choose the firewall?
How do I change the default SMTP setting in Mail after an account has been created?
Audience is unable to play any videos
After updating from AppCenter: sudo apt autoremove convenient?
I'm confused by Elementary OS's version numbering
Зависает при установке приложений через терминал!
How to fix borders in Elementary's file manager?
GPU ATI Radeon Sapphire HD 6850
Auth window on wake
Resize third party icon in wingpanel?
Installing proper video drivers
Wireless network adapter disable after reboot
Audio is extremely sensitive
Change Login Screen (Greeter) Theme
On my system just start Firefox
Pantheon Greeter Clock Alignment / Loki
Login clock is on edge of screen
changing drivers from mesa to AMD
Is it possible to disable password
Foxit Reader chaged default file association
Starting Updates through AppCenter but no installation follows
Elementary Mail unified inbox?
elmenetary os. loki 0.4.1. stable 64 bit isnt running
elementary OS Boot issue
Unable to connect to wifi on Dell XPS 13 9350
Laptop crashes with TexMaker
Many application crashes 'Loki' some system hangs
How to read commands from a text file
How to enable ibus in loki 0.4.1
Guest Session Default Settings
Bluetooth - poor sound quality for regular user (JBL Speaker)
The use of the system in the organization
Sound icon is too wide Wingpanel
Dr. Racket GUI not working properly
Files: slow mounting causes file display problem
What if ssh does not work?
MacBook Pro 2014 and Loki external monitor issues
Which single-board computer can I use elementary OS with?
M-Audio Jamlab & LMMS / Ubuntu Studio
Error during ati radeon x600 driver
Can't Get Payment to Go Through In the Last Week or So
Monitor switches when on lock
Wireless problem (it results always disabled)
Elementary OS will not load at
Cannot access VM unless logged into Elementary (get blank screen)
File that handles raw thumbnails in Files
Im an amateur depelover, where can i share my small tricks for elementary os loki?
can't log back in to Elementary OS 0.4.1 Loki 64bit
will elementary run on a Centrino 2 duo core @ 2000 Mhz?
Pantheon-files asks me for a password to access unprotected SMB shares
Popcorn Time icon duplicate on plank
Problem with apt-get update in crontab @reboot
Screen Flicker on Loki
Having display issues during install?
App Icon not loading in Slingshot
Setting up Elementary OS with VMware Workstation, cannot use unity?
Bluetooth Isn't Working
AppCenter not displaying showcased apps
How I know actual kernel stable on Loki 0.4.1?
Is it true that Elementry OS is quite vulnerable to Mass Surveillance programs like PRISM?
Install printer driver 32 bit
Is there an official torrent for elementary OS?
Something wrong with updates and appcenter
Installation From Bootable USB Stick
OS Loki notification bubbles
libinput/kernel Update Screwed my pointer accel/threshold
Loki won't boot, stuck on blinking cursor
Problems with Dropbox
elementary OS Update
Elementary OS update - Save button missing when trying to download from internet browser
How can I change windows scaling for different display resolution? (and rotation problem!!)
elementary OS Icons Disappeared
Touchpad cursor movement less smooth than it used to be
WiFi is not working in Loki 0.4.1 (HP Pavilion)
Dual-booted with Windows and I don't want Windows anymore
Number pad on wired apple keyboard isn't working with ElementaryOS
lost /etc/apt/sources.list
How to replace LightDM with GDM?
Elementary OS 0.4 Loki (64bit): How to reinstall app center?
Power Settings limited
elementary Loki 0.4 (64bit), Dual boot: delete one OS and join partition with elementary?
Swapped keys with French macintosh keyboard in ElementaryOs
How to remove Hotspot profile from ElementaryOS network settings
How to run Elementary OS in place of Windows 10 on my laptop?
Reconfigure keyboard permanently
Desktop resolution
Wireless Connection disabled in elementary OS on Lenovo t430s. Help?
Cisco Packet Tracer on elementary OS
elementary logs out when screen goes blank
Reinstall or Reset Elementary OS loki 0.4.1 completely
Theme unexpectedly changed to Gnome
AppCenter icon remains in dock even after all the updates have been installed
Boot up black screen
Keyboard Shortcut for application chooser
After kept back packages, AppCenter deleted VLC
Unlock session with connected monitor when the laptop lid is closed
Frequent crashes with Intel i915 and second HDMI monitor
Latest updates froze - reboot to emergency mode
Prevent Background Downloading of updates
Language Translations not working in Bookworm
PIcture in Picture
Open With... Tilix
Switching workspaces with fullscreen Atom is abrupt
is vala dead? because it's a nice language
Any thoughts on why the Ghost (Electron) Desktop App won't load up?
Wifi Internet access problem
Unable to install Kodi Krypton 17.3
Poor Sound Quality on Loki
Some startup commands not executing
Split a vertically window
Logetich M705 Wheel Tilt not functioning
Change workspace from the terminal?
Keyboard Shortcut Stuck on Disable
Large font in Pantheon greeter
Wireless Mouse and keyboard combo freezing randomly for a few seconds
How to add git branch name to prompt string
Elementary os does not shutdown
Compiling with custom vapi leads to error
Is Elementary OS a good OS for Linux Newbies?
multitasking view problem after suspend
How do I download/install driver for HP Officejet 4655
WinFast TV2000 jak zainstalować w elementary
elementary OS lacks wakeup from usb controls
Ubuntu 14.04, wanted to upgrade to 16.04
Re-map copy & paste
Can you install elementary os on an ssd hard drive?
MF227DW printer driver
Laptop hangs for approximately 2 minutes upon sign-in
Linked style doesn't work for buttons
Cannot update any app
Is Flash installed by default?
How to revert Super to Super + Space?
Change volume control increments/ticks?
Replacing Slingshot
Error while doing 'sudo apt update': no Release file
elementary loki installation stuck at Start the installation
elementary OS freezes randomly
Elementary OS Source List removed and substituted by Ubuntu 14.04 Source-list
Highlight active tab in elementary terminal window
Media files won't open from dav:// source
My laptop screen has gone red even after I installed redshift and it's not going away
Problem with audio while using headset
installing elementaryOS on Snow Leopard: best alternative for Etcher
Elementary OS is draining my battery
Compiling my own kernel
How to force windows to open on the primary monitor instead of the first monitor?
Installing elementary OS in asus zenbook flip ux360
Error while booting v0.4.1-stable - nouveau, nomodeset not working
gThumb raw preview
Gsettings and dconf-editor touchpad settings not being used
SOLVED: Can't install elementary OS Loki: nouveau init failed (MMIO write fault)
Keyboard Layout Not US after installing fcitx
Super Key only for window overview - elementaryOS
Hard drive not seen by elementary's installer
How do I get back that app that I bought after reinstall?
How to make the onboard virtual keyboard displayed on greeter page (lockscreen)
Duplicating A2DP sound output with paprefs
Wifi Notification in Wingpanel doesn't correspond with real status
Locked in Fullscreen. Can't exit
Can't install 0.4.1 (latest) from USB with nVidia 1060 (SOLVED)
Is it possible to install on to a mac with no OS currently installed
HDMI second monitor not displaying
Can a window be shown on every desktop?
Mail opens on background
How do reload the mime types after change .desktop file so Files know new app on "Open with" menu
How to disable sound effect of deleting files in Elementary OS 0.4.1 Loki?
OS 0.4.1 - Brazilian Portuguese keyboard layout
Brother MFC9130CW Network Printer not Working
Can't do dualboot with Windows 10, options missing
No desktop after logging in - fresh install
Steam not working in Elementary OS Loki
Pantheon Mail - Personal Folder
Maya Calendar No Password Prompt for CALDAV
Formatting USB stick via GParted - unallocated space?
Save as txt in mail?
Appcenter language now in french
Can't install repositories in Loki
gsettings doesn't works to desactivate single-click in pantheon-files
Update notification
F.Lux Not Working
Network manager does not show Mobile Broadband
DVD Playback: decoding issue after libdvd-pkg installed
How to solve resume from suspend on MBP 2,1 17" 2006
Keyboard custom settings in Loki 0.4.1
Does EOS Loki work on the Surface 3 (non-pro)?
Securely Wipe/Shred Files in Pantheon via Right Click menu
Getting Root 0000
Getting default Calendar app to work with University account (outside auth)
How to install Brave Browser on Elementry OS?
Slow boot after logging in (1m 48s)
Suspend shuts down my laptop
Wifi won't show up [Solved]
How to install gdebi?
Can't save images in any browser
PublicKey/Pem file Authentication for SSH in Pantheon Files
Elementary Loki GUI Volume Reduce is not working
detailed customization of a plank
No sound on PC, Hardware or Elementary?
How to set scaling on external monitor?
Booting elementary OS from USB stick on old Dell Inspiron 8200 with Knoppix in German
Allow Adruino IDE access to USB ports?
Disable Plank icon background
Retroarch not showing after installing using Flatpak on Elementary OS
Possible to add support for MySQL?
Wrong links on wingpanel for network settings [solved]
Cannot eject external harddrive
Wireless button will not switch on
Only wallpaper after login
Any way to make elementary better on low DPI screens?
(Solved) Plank : the Trash Docklet crashes Plank
System time is not synced with windows
Is it possible to hide notifications for a specific App?
Turn off LAN (Ethernet) by default on start up
Failed to Authenticate apt upgrade
Delete pictures in background
Installer NVMe Support (Dell XPS 15 9560)
elementary OS installer crashes
How to set audio input to internal mic when plugging headset?
Scale interface to less than 1
Odd colours/saturation/darkness
Mounted windows network folders do not show in open save box on native apps
Change volume icon in panel
Disable Three Tap Paste Gesture
gconf-editor not showing apps
Automatically create WiFi hotspot after boot
Can't use Bose Soundlink mini with elementary OS
No desktop after installing Elementary OS
Windows shared printer not shown
Korganizer looks stranger on elementary OS
Prevent applications from overlapping plank
First installation
App development with Ruby in elementary OS
wine on elementary os [looking for confirmation]
Cannot rename files within the pantheon-files application
Selecting text on WebKit2
Wifi Issues with Elementary OS
Cant install any apps from the terminal or the appcenter
How to create a keyboard shortcut to run gnome-system-monitor
VPN type - only PPTP - no VPN or Import option.
Can't Combine Ctrl Alt Shift
Screenshot app with option to take shots with specified pixel dimensions
Plank to behave like Mac OS dock
Too much contrast/exposure? (I think)
Adding Chinese Input Loki
Unable to open scratch as root
CPU throttle / governor / fan
Vsync issue with switchable graphics ( nvidia 630m / intel hd 3000) on elementary OS 0.4.1 Loki (64 bit)
What are the essential things to know about using the Meson build system?
remina pulldown menu not present
How to add school email to mail client?
How to add a JetBrains IDE to the Plank if "Keep in Dock" does not appear
Loki 0.4.1 - How to change home folders names on the left pane?
Pantheon and Wayland
Where are the keyboard shortcuts stored?
elementary OS system fonts haywire
Sync outlook calendar with the calendar app
Launch Matlab not using command line
Laptop won't boot elementary os
Missing OS on e OS mac USB install
Bluetooth cannot search detect any device
Bluetoooth Tether
Is there a way to change Notification Settings globally?
Missing spell check in file extensions other than *.txt
Touchpad & keyboard not detected
I've changed my system stylesheet or icons and things broke, now what?
Storing notes securely
Applications menu slow
How to limit the number of wireless networks listed in the wingpanel
elementary os opens tty terminal at start
How to configure Internet access ONLY through OpenVPN connection
How do I configure the default emoji font to be used system-wide / in OS and Browser? (it's currently Symbola but I want Noto)
I can' t update/upgrade or install anything
ElementaryOS compatible with my system?
Lost access to wifi
Does Firefox or Chrome work on this O/S
Not all pantheon-files issues transfered to github
Email client Gmail
Laptop with hybrid GPUs
Q: Bluetooth automatically turns on
Add images to signature in Mail
Installing Gnome Software Center on Loki
HP 3520 has stopped working. Which print service does eOS use?
Krack attack security updates?
Bluetooth not detecting any device
Setup external hard drive?
How to add PlayOnLinux's app shortcut to Plank?
Install a Gnome Shell extension
(SOLVED) Cannot login in recovery mode
Google Chrome version 62 has no window buttons when maximized
Rotating Displays and docked laptop
Firefox the only browser that doesn't display websites abnormal (dark)
No splash screen after installing nvidia drivers
How to fix bad drawing menu?
Unable to boot from HDD
Will elementary support a path to upgrade between releases?
Monitor resolution too high and not saving
Cannot bind keyboard shortcut to .sh
Appcenter Freezing. Searching for three letters
App Center & taxes
Making torrential my default torrent client
Language in Settings on Loki Live USB are Russian
Broken Default App Association
How to increase wingpanel icon size
Is there a way to set custom keypress aliases?
elementary OS doesn't reconize my computer as Laptop. OS thinks I have a Desktop
two monitors and black screen on loki 0.4.1
Can't install ElementaryOS!
How to make Google Chrome open itself at every boot?
Can't update the system
Compatibility chart
Command line applications don't launch from menu
Maya Calendar right window remains empty
Colors in Terminal not working after deleting bash history
Yakindu application cannot run on elementary OS
Problems updating elementary OS through the AppCenter
Installation freeze due to RAID0?
elementary OS 'Loki' Shutdown doesn't work :(
System updates - how to see what is updating
Can I use TLP for power management (Dell XPS 15 9560)
How to choose between a 32-bit or 64-bit version OS / Como elegir arquitectura
Save ssh connection pantheon-files
Weird window size bug with Geary
How to unlock a folder
Can I generate a custom notification? [solved]
Prevent Scratch from making files with tilde
Recommended Backup Tool for Elementary OS
Notification sound change
Can't bind the § key on the Apple keyboard
problems automounting a hard drive
Pantheon Mail still showing notifications after uninstall
Bluetooth will not detect previously-removed mouse
Translation from English in to Armenian
External HDMI display not detected after boot
How to block Facebook ads in Epiphany?
How to install a Wireless Epson WF3640 Printer on Elementary OS?
Can't switch to wireless mode
Trying to run elementary on virtualbox
Calibre doesn't start
How to add command line dependencies using CMake
Can't install ElementaryOS on DELL XPS 15 (9650)
VLC users. What happens when you exit while in the fullscreen mode (alt+f4)? Does it start in the same size as you have before going fullscreen?
RT8188eu driver problems (very old bug)
Am I going to find Busybox after a Loki update or does it ship with certain packages? If so which ones please so I can avoid it?
Long boot and resume times on 2008 MacBook
Bibisco won't run (elementary OS 0.4.1 Loki)
i cant get my pson xp 235 working
Where's the right place to post feature requests?
Long boot time after recent updates
Running AppImage (withoud terminal)
facebook video call and youtube live video problem by web browser?
Screen lock prevention when playing video on OS level?
Can't launch Code via alias
Wont boot up after update last night
How to fix crackling sound in PulseAudio
What value should lightdm have in screensaver-timeout= to stop the monitor from turning off?
Audience settings turn off loading subtitles
Running "operating system updates" in appcenter of Elementary gets cancelled
Is there a way to not record what have been printed in the past?
Preview EXR or HDR images in Pantheon Files
Chrome browser freezes after uploading/downloading files
Time stuck in 24h mode after installing from OEM (loki 0.4.1)
SSD and Elemantary?
Screen doesn't turn off after firmware upgrade
how to use iBus in Elementary OS 0.4.1?
How can I roll back Firefox back to previous version?
Disk size reported incorrectly after install with HDD encryption and replace empty disk space
When will we get Ryzen support?
Missing styles when building app using Gtk.CssProvider
onscreen keyboard on login
Screen mess up - VMware Workstation on Elementary OS
Firefox title bar and tabs merge
Terminal - highlighted text problem
My keyboard completely freezes after halt/suspend (Loki 0.4.1). How do I fix this?
Intel PRIME profile causes freezing on boot
System fonts are unreadable, haywire
Change layout button
Problem with package update-notifier-common after latest updates
fixed Column width in files
Update error "apt-get update"
Can I change the battery displayed by wingpanel-indicator-power?
Where is the place to report bugs and make suggestions about Elementary Document Viewer (Evince)
I don't know how to connect to WiFi
question about how to feedback a bug,and I have a question about setting window
Will elementary OS run on a 32bit MacBook?
The repository does not have a Release File
ibus (Avro) is not working in elementary OS Loki
Cannot access serial port
Recommended Install Path for Intel Coffee Lake CPU?
elementary OS and Opera Browser
How can I fix the error-black box in elementary os?
Boot screen error (?)
elementary os is freezing
Is the current iso broken
Battery icon is missing from top wingpanel
How to fix the "alarms can be up to one month in the future" problem in elementary os loki?
Can elementary OS run on HP ENVY 13 (2017 models)
iCalendar on elementaryOS
Access to iPod musics
On what ubuntu/linux version is elementary based on
Is it possible to install the OS over the network?
How to reconfigure Geary in Freya?
Image resize contract
Problems at installing elementary OS in emmc
Blank desktop Elementary OS
DBus Signal for Session Lock/Unlock?
Static Sound in Earphones
Bluetooth activating on wake-up from suspend & reboot
Wifi problem, help please [solved]
Second HDMI Monitor Not Displaying
In pantheon-files, right click -> open with -> other applications displays a small window with a list of applications. How do I add a new entry to it?
Accidentally uninstalled Bluetooth from Elementary OS Loki.
Laptop fan runs continuously even when not using the application
Is there any way to have a standard account not need a password in the login screen?
Problem wifi with network card rtl8723be
Microphone only in Skype not working
Switching apps/screens in Steam
Is there a built-in graphical way to set the DNS on elementaryOS Loki?
Anyone got autofs work with Elementary OS?
How can I use onedrive in elementary
The screen goes black when I suspend the laptop
Adjust Refresh Rate
Duplicate songs in Noise and Lollypop
How do I change the time from 24h to 12h
How to switch to simple app switcher
USB 3.0 Network Adapter - Chipset ax88179
Is it real to install any IDE on elementary OS, like NetBeans, Code:Blocks, etc
In the Applications I have two 'Files' apps
I can not receive files from my phone by bluetooth
Any app to turn off screen of a laptop?
Installing Windows alongside elementary OS
Mouse buttons stop working
Mouse buttons become unresponsive
Daily builds for elementary OS?
Where are the apps?
Does anyone know a program that does this?
Noise playback control from terminal
Files is not showing hard drives and partitions
Temperature color?
Black screen after wake up from suspend mode
PRINTER HP 3070A HPLIP VERSION NOT SUPPORTED
Does Nvidia CUDA Toolkit run on Elementary OS?
Elementary OS keeps reading my USB's format as ms dos
How do I extend the root partition?
Issues on bios caused by kernel 4.13 on ubuntu 17.10 may affect my computer if i'm using elementaryOS and update kernel to 4.15 rc4?
cannot change screen brightnes
Why does this os slow to download?
When more updates?
Low disk space in root file system error
ppa/git problems after installing certificates. Revert system to default?
Screenshot of an Area Keyboard Shortcut
Can I as a programmer depend on elementary OS Loki instead of Windows 10 as single boot?
Problem when I try to boot Elementary OS
alexa speaker only shows up as a microphone and not a bluetooth speaker
Dual boot with Windows 10 on external drive not working
elementary OS Calendar syncs oneway only with Google Calendar
notify-send icon: custom png
How to manage logins, and cash information of "Connect to Server" in ElementaryOS?
Not able to delete PDF ebook in BookWorm
How to change elementary OS branding?
Wingpanel, adapt third party icons to background color
Where is appcenter applications location?
Telegram displayed two times
How does The login sceen knows my custom wallpaper if i have my home folder permission to 700?
Bluetooth error after suspend
OS ignoring executable files
Any ideas as to why my Desktop and Multitasking backgrounds are rendering funny?
ElementaryOS broken packages
Can not able to get exact value of `%u` in Vala program
Can't login after a PATH modification
Alter application icon to execute command?
Keyboard shortcut for "close tab" in Firefox
Loki not showing files from iPhone iOS 11.2.1
How do I switch Super and Ctrl?
50-synaptics.config file missing
eOS Loki - Video Tearing with Intel Graphic Card
Motherboard with or without bluetooth capabilities
Black screen on log in
Mouse Pointer Lag issue
MacBook Air Facetime HD
How can I delete image files using default Photos app?
Photos missed the cut menu
How To Improve Laptop Power Efficiency
AppCenter support for Genie
apt update fails with GPG Error for appcenter xenial InRelease no public key
Lost Pictures Folder Icon
Beginner help installing Sophos antivirus package on elementary os Loki
How to rebind the copy/paste shortcut keys?
How to improve battery life on MBP 2015?
Issues setting up external display
intel-microcode 20180108 not in app center?
Key repeat does not work after last OS update
Adwaita package removed - can’t boot in
Missing release files during apt update
Elementary OS is asking me for OS update daily. Is that normal?
Need to login many times before pantheon starts ( problem after installing xfce)
VirtualBox on Loki freezing entire system
Origin Extract here contract
Donating by paypal is hard to find
Multiple display resolution issue on lock screen
After booting from disk no wifi access appears only ethernet wired
Multi touch stopped working after latest update
elementary.io blocked in Russia
Nvidia and AMD drivers broke Elementary OS
Terminal panel color different than other
Wireless Networks Not appearing Elementary Loki 0.4.1
How to change folder icon in pantheon-files?
Disable internal speakers by default
Pantheon-files: network server not showing after reboot
Using Multi Touch Gestures for Desktop Shifting
Appcenter Upgrade silently fails, GUI elements like dock icons disappear, applications menu doesn't open but causes wingpanel restart
(SOLVED) Nvidia drivers for GF 800M on Lenovo C460 All-in-One?
Program installation failed
Firewall configuration
Login screen on main display
Elementary OS hangs when using libreoffice
On resume from suspend: Authentication required doesn't accept system password
Can't login after yesterday's update
System crash on loki 4.1
ElementryOS only shows desktop background for around 1 mintute after first login
apt-get is busted, linux noob
How can I fix updating issues?
Attempting to customize keyboard shortcuts results in reproducible crash
Unable to load desktop screen after entering my password
How to auto adjust screen brightness?
Slingshot does not show Unity's app icon
How to reformat my SSD while eOS is installed, so I can install W7?
Slow speeds accessing NAS over SMB/AFP?
Unity-like app switching by Super + 1..9?
Transforming Ubuntu into elementary OS
elementary OS update schedule
Maya Add Event not working (Right-click from dock)
Why are some close buttons on the left and some on the right?
Last window position for an app
How to fix screen tearing with nvidia?
Laptop crash everytime i start Windows VM on VirtualBox
Media playback faster than normal
Fresh install and secure boot not working on a Thinkpad
Remove black margin from elementaryOS applications when using Awesome Window Manager
Can I set list view as the default in Pantheon Files?
Touch pad controls
Touchpad & keyboard (and other) problems kernel 4.13
Unable to update or install anything due to unmet dependencies
How to save Mail attachment
Suspend Behavior on HP Laptop
missing /opt for firefox esr install
Open with Cura AppImage issue
Is there is full IDE available for writing apps on elementary OS?
Turn off bluetooth on startup
where to find beta versions of Loki?
How to increase mouse sensitivity?
The Monaco font doesn't work
change default folder names to the new language
Is there a way to turn off the mouse pad while typing on laptop? (Solved)
Appcenter settings schema does not contain a key named 'reset-paid-apps'
How to delete a file in Pantheon File Manager?
*ERROR* CPU Pipe B underrun
Problem with the Network App on Elementary OS
Multiple tries of installing elementary fail
Wifi not working after kernel upgrade
Pantheon-mail won't archive Gmail
Error Updating from such repository cannot be done securly
How Do I Create Desktop Launcher Files
UPDATING TO KERNEL 4.15
System Settings for Sound and Color are freezing
Install Libreoffice 6.0 and new elementary OS icons
How do I install a Huion 1060+ on Loki?
Installing Soundnode in elementary os loki
Dual boot with Windows 10 - Windows resolution stuck at 800x600
The repository 'http://ppa.launchpad.net/versable/elementary-update/ubuntu xenial Release' does not have a Release file
Error installing OS updates -- "Too few items to process"
Installation of xscreensaver messing up interface
How can I install elementary OS on a 64-bit system that only supports 32-bit UEFI?
Why can't I open system settings?
X does not work after the update (Solved)
Install Corel AfterShot Pro 3
Windows as Second Dual Boot
elementaryOS won't start Xorg
It found my wifi during installation but it is missing after rebooting
Is elementary OS really free?
Screenshot tool messed up system wide fonts
AMD Threadripper support
Graphic glitch after interrupted apt upgrade?
how to Elementray os network metric settings
Bind command to unused F7 key
dock and top bar is not visible only wallpaper (loki)
AppCenter and sudo apt update with "failed to fetch update"
Problem copying files from hard disk to flash drive (USB)
How to start xscreensaver on startup
How to disable jumping to last line and in pantheon-terminal?
How To Highly Compress Files
Strange Mouse movement issue
Middle mouse button
Compatibility with Lenovo
Cannot install or try live elementary OS
Why does not my printer work?
Responsiveness delay in menu, most apps and right clicking
How can i use my graphic card?
I need to install openvpn 2.4, how would i go about this?
Change network profile
Prevent AppCenter window opening on startup?
Loki release 404 not found problem
Snaps on elementary
I tried downloading elementaryos 3 times but is it ever so slow
Installation stuck after selecting a partition as an ext4 "\" mountpoint
Updates failure
HPLIP Drive in elementary OS
Problems installing DSP correction
What is this black rectangle with a "do not enter" sign in it in the top panel?
Network Sharing
power button shutdown instead of suspend on login screen
Small spec in top left of screen - Driver issue
Shortcuts for proper shutdown and reboot in Loki?
Volume key won't push volume over '100%'
App installed as snap in right-click context menu
Ebubuntu in elementary OS
Will elementary OS install fine on the HP Elite X2 1012 G2 tablet?
Unsure of what program is currently not working in top bar
Mount new USB Drives automatically
How do I remove Blutooth Indicator?
AccountService.Sound bug?
Email client doesn't work in elementary OS
Need to change boot order in an old MacBook Air running only Elementary OS
Pantheon Files F2 bug
Pantheon DE in other distributions?
Lock Screen shortcut setup
Can't connect to internet with my old MacBook Air running Elementary OS
apt-get: Unmet dependencies for almost every package
Does anyone know how to get an XP-Pen Star 06 tablet working on Ubuntu/elementaryOS or Linux?
Running apps as root (using AppEditor)
All devices stopped working
Disable the check box in the file manager?
Switch from elementary OS to Ubuntu
apt update "does not have a Release file"
Using alt tab gets stuck sometimes
Why doesn't elementary OS include screensaver by default?
Add Cisco VPN with login credentials an group name
I keep finding random screenshots in the Pictures folder
Glitches on streamed videos
My PC only suspends and hibernate when I enter a terminal
whats my android studio's problem?
Customizing existing Vala app
Add Startup App menu broken
Emacs Nox End of File
kdenlive video editor won't start
elementary-sdk error
intel video driver not enabled by default?
Can't change lock screen wallpaper
Install Windows XP over elementary?
iPhone repeatedly asks to trust the computer
AppCenter error (sudo apt-get update)
Problem while updating
Hash sum mismatch on apt update
Error sudo apt-get upgrade - apparmor
Pantheon Mail not responsive, stuck on top message
Install finished, goes to reboot and gets stuck
Second monitor doesn't connect
Update from Loki to Juno VS reinstalling the OS?
Windows / smb share
elementary os keep filling its dirve automatically ... any permanent solution to fix it?
How to install 3.0.1 VLC Player on elementary os?
Wingpanel crashing after upgrade
How to change my login background?
i wish to use my Apeman A77 as Webcam, can't find drivers
No Ethernet on latest version
Videos in Epiphany problem
SOLVED: New to Linux, Trying to install Libre Office
Not booting after selecting operating system in grub menu
Will the JPG "successor" HEIF/HEIC be supported from "photos" or "files"?
Can't find pomodoro app installed using appcenter
Keyboard special function keys don't work over Bluetooth
Only mpv player plays video
elementary OS Gnu Grub Error
elementary OS won't boot: displays "reboot and select proper boot device"
It takes up to 10-20sec to wake up from suspend, and high fan speed when plugged to AC, Why?
How to purchase elementary OS on the company? (No option for entering Company Name and VAT Number)
My headphones don't work unless I choose "Speakers (Unavailable)" in pavucontrol, except then sound comes out of my internal speakers too
Can I scale everything at 125%?
Entering elementary OS directly
Upgrading Ubuntu Version
Epiphany: Change user-agent
Keyboard indicators always on
How can I connect to the free wifi in cafe
how to enable automatic login after waking up from suspend in Loki?
Keyboard layout permanently modified/corrupted. Need help!
Secondary physical button doesn't work on clickpad using libinput
Can I switch to the current terminal (file explorer) but not open a new one
Headphone option missing in mixer
Can't access other drives after installing elementary
AppCenter don't open
Remove elementary OS and install Ubuntu
Unable to validate iCloud mail account SMTP connection error
“Failed to fetch updates” in App Center while using Elementary OS Loki
Sound simply went kaput
Unable to boot from live-USB: black screen with a white (non-blinking) underscore
how to emulate the ctrl+v feature of other linux terminals without disabling the ctrl+v paste feature
Failed to fetch Components-amd64.yml.xz when Update
Virtualbox doesn't use elementary theme
The repository 'http://http.us.debian.org/debian xenial Release' does not have a Release file
Bluetooth connceted speakers - volume not adjusting
How do I use gala picture in picture plugin?
elementaryOS freezes after login -- new razer blade stealth 13.3"
No symbolic links in Loki?
Ethernet isn't show correctly on GUI
How do I resolve an error updating pantheon-terminal?
Pantheon-terminal is not installed and cannot install it
When will elementaryOS based on 18.04 LTS be released?
Does elementary OS support snap packages from AppCenter?
How do I enter the Euro Symbol €
Does anyone have a kindle?
Loki: Sound settings is not recognizing my audio devices, alsamixer is
Can't get custom e-mail client to show up in default application selector
elementary OS lock screen configuration
Partition Issue (Using unallocated space)- GParted
Can't start GUI in Elementary OS Loki 0.4.1
Too big window buttons!
dual boot mac OS problems
Is there a reason for the web browsers to redirect to https when domain name ends with .dev?
update-alternatives: error: alternative path /usr/bin/io.elementary.terminal doesn't exist
Mouse pointer bounces around when using touchpad
How to minimize a window?
Translating Elementary @Weblate issues
How do I translate elementary applications on Weblate?
Problems fetching OS updates (App center seemingly not working the right way...)
When will Terminal package be fixed in daily builds (It's been almost a week, same error)?
AppCentre fails to fetch updates; sudo apt update gives several errors
Not able to read or write in my HDD
Desktop not coming up & black screen after updates
Unable to validate Gmail mail account username or password error
Elementary OS Loki wifi will not connect 2018
Nvidia drivers for Loki on an optimus system do not seem to work
How to install packages?
Pantheon-files can't connect to samba server with min protocol SMB2 or SMB3
Keyboard shortcuts: show already open window instead of opening new one
What is the default font used by the terminal in elementary os?
How do I find the device name assigned to USB thumb drive?
Display settings lost on reboot
Cannot install Elementary Tweaks in Loki (no release file for the repo)
Well-rated gtk themes that work on Loki
I have a problem starting elementary OS
Shared drive - unable to see from my Elementary OS computer
"Authentication is required to refresh the system sources"
Steam on HiDPI screen
LTE modem Fibocom L830-EB on ThinkPad T480s
Evolution does not encrypt my emails
How do I install this program: libQtGui.so.4
Opening file manager in Home folder as default
Youtube live video not working in Opera (and Chromium)
I'm having this issue with pantheon/terminal
Light terminal-based alternative to gdebi
Error on resize or move focus on video play back - no picture sound continues
"Sharing" in Settings, what is it?
Reinstall Bluetooth elementary OS
Problem with desktop paring
System Crashed After Gpu Driver Update
Left Align the secondary text on Widgets.Welcome
System Crash, Usually happens when I open an elementaryOS app
Remove ICONS from Applications
Is anyone a Node.js developer using elementary OS?
How to connect to FritzBox NAS
Epiphany or Gnome Brower not displaying search results on late 2016 Macbook Pro running in virtual machine through Parallel Desktop Lite
I connected my earphones now my speakers do not work
elementary install freezing
Messed up my first install, any tips for the next try?
Unable to interact with lockscreen after installing bumble bee
Elementary OS freya - No updates are possible!
No media key shortcuts working
AppCenter is not updating the system
How do I turn off the bluetooth at the start of the system?
youtube videos issue
Which printer driver should I use when there are many options available with the same name?
Terminal with iTerm (Mac) like label
Problem with install libgconf-2-4
Broken apport return [Sub-process /usr/bin/dpkg returned an error code (1)]
How to check the TBW for ADATA SSD?
Loki: cannot clear all notifications because menu is covered ... by notifications!
How to Remove Infinality and use default settings?
How to launch an app at startup in minimized mode?
Is there a way to add new docklets to plank?
no internet after new installation
How to make an appimage appear on aplications?
How Do I set the HiDPI Scaling factor for the lock screen and log in screen?
Music is not showing up in the Music App
Screen timeouts
HPLIP 3.18.4 upgrade
Poor battery life on ThinkPad T420
Touchpad doesn't work with keyboard
Wireless Network not working after Installation
I can't uninstall Anroid Studio
After paying I can't download anything
VPN failed for openconnect server
Problems in mounting external disks for wine and virtualbox
Buying the OS with creditcard
Why does FileZilla still open .txt files in Scratch?
Fullscreen window behavior and workspaces
How do I uninstall stock music indicator?
Where is my Terminal?
volume keyboard shortcut changed now i cant use my volume buttons
Eclipse crashes elementary OS
Need New Laptop, Suggestions?
How can I get the wl driver to work?
OpenVPN connect by .openvpn file. How to import settings?
Ask password after suspend
kswapd0 problem
Why my laptop battery is discharged so fast with Elementary OS?
VirtualBox Windows 10 Guest no keyboard on Start Menu
How to unlock a disk during installation?
Wifi not working after installation
Contractor contract doesn't work in pantheon-files
google chrome stuck when watching video at full screen size
Problem Installing GIMP?
Display corruption at system installation
Automatic Login on Loki will not work
Is it possible to configure different power management settings for plugged\unplugged?
Long boot after sing in
Connect to Windows via Samba - instant timeouts
How do I install RTL8723BE driver in Elementary OS (4.13.0-41)?
Mousewheel not working after starting
First boot failing with "Can't find /root in /etc/fstab"
elementary OS has the MATE DE
Change notification appearance timer
VLC player - Video lost in fullscreen
Firefox open containing folder cannot find location
How can I disable networking and bluetooth indefinetly?
how do I unlock a file to make changes
How do I install Signal Desktop
How do I install Firefox Developer Edition on ElementaryOS?
Run a launcher on the desktop
Wifi interface not displaying
Applications are loading very slow, copy/paste operation not going beyond 10MB/s
Music app crash
Graphics and login problems on late 2016 Razer Blade Stealth
How to Show Caps lock, Number Lock in right corner?
Gdebi not installing .deb from within Files explorer
Failed to fetch updates : How to fix corrupt source file
Updating Repositories
loki - missing wingpanel after messing with dconf
Upgrade from Loki to Juno
Color Missing Under Settings
Open pantheon terminal with starting command
Ethernet not working on Loki, no IP address
Shortcut not working
Elementary Os: Change firefox default icon
Can't mount Windows 10 Partition on Loki
Software-update Problem in Elementary OS 0.4.1 Loki
(SOLVED) Permanent nVidia Powermizer Performance Mode
How can I get audio over Displayport?
Give pantheon terminal a fixed window name
Cannot make calls through Skype
Wi-fi network completely disables when I close lid (suspend)
Failed to fetch updates error: "configured multiple times"?
Loki 0.4.1 dualboot with Fedora on LVM
Trying to replicate this macOS dark sierra theme
Update Broke Audio on T420
Focus window by mouse hover
Bluetooth no longer works after system update
Where are the Bookmarks on the left side in the Epiphany Browser?
Cannot make Samsung ML2165 Printer work in Loki
Gala and Xorg high CPU usage on Lenovo X220
Remote access options for off-site tech support
light-locker: strange beheavior when trying to unlock the screen/open the lid
ACPI errors at boot with kernel 4.17.2 and 4.16
Unmet Dependencies and Package Broken
How can I turn off bluetooth while being able to turn it on from the indicator later?
wingpanel is using almost 100GB of virtual memory
Open notification center with key combo
can't download OS Elementary loki
Microphone, not working after a lot of work!
Gala high CPU usage in VirtualBox
Bluetooth can not find any devices
Installing from an AMD onto Intel chip
Horizontal scrolling in Slingshot application launcher is very sensitive
File Association - Adobe Acrobat Reader (elementary OS - Loki)
Icons of default folder are gone
BCM43142 and linux kernel 4.15.0-24-generic
Missing or invalid PGP blocking updates on Elementary OS
Wifi disabled after security update Loki
Boot process stuck at 'Loading initial ramdisk'
Wifi card not working Loki
Black flickering login screen after update
How does one perform a PPA Installation
Forking an app and adding a GTK+ 3 frontend in the app store
AppCenter from a laymans perspective
Install app from App Center in terminal
I have installation issue while trying to do it on "System76 - Oryx Pro"?
How can I donate?
Dropbox icon missing in Juno
Turn off Bluetooth by default
Juno beta starting up really slow, times out on black screen >3min
Juno 5.0 beta first startup after install no wifi MPB 6,1
How do I enable desktop icons on elementaryOS 5.0 Juno?
Keyboard randomly freezes while typing
What are the upgrade paths to Elementary OS 5.0?
Why am I having double child window in applications?
Button CSS not working in Juno
Android Studio with Pantheon
How to use wingpanel as menu for applications like mac os x
How configure apt-get with proxy
Juno 5.0 beta Skype mic muted again after sound mixer system update
Can't upgrade my packages
How to install anaconda in Eos? Explain please
how to install postman in elementary os using terminal
Kernel Error- Producing Tons of them
Adding music types to Noise library
How would I go about moving /usr to a different partition
Impossible to enter my password in authentification box
wifi network unclaimed : broadcom
add support for AMD graphics card
mate-system-monitor won't show in Application menus, plus errors when launched in terminal
Can't use Alt+Shift anymore if it set to switch keyboard layout?
Unable to boot to elementary OS from USB - macOS High Sierra
Screen self rotates on Juno
Downloads elementary os
How do I access files in my Windows Documents folder?
elementary OS Juno beta goes to sleep when it is not supposed to
elementary OS Loki - Horrible battery life
Mouse randomly moves and clicks everywhere
Is there a way to start Torrential minimized or in the tray?
Replacing OSX with elementary OS. Computer boots normally into elementary OS, but boot menu (option key on boot) doesn't show anything
Black screen after suspend (but not if suspend by power button)
Unable to push latest software update in Loki
Upgraded Nvidia and now have blank screen
Problems when recognizing wifi connection
cannot install elementary os on ubuntu
Why Epiphany over Firefox?
Low Disk Space on File System root problem
io.elementary.code application name
Login loop screen problem
How can I update from elementary os loki to newer version Juno
No wifi on Macbook Pro mid 2010
Can't add/edit programs to launcher
Package manager blocked
Strange behavior with ctrl + shift + e shortcut
Third party apps doesn't show on slingshot
startup with vpn connected
Funky playback with Videos
Mesa 18.1 and Newer on Loki
How to get user home folder in Vala?
Thunderbird 60.0 not showing in applications menu
How to Enable Additional Driver in elementary juno?
How to install hp support assistant in elementary os Juno 5.0?
Language and Region
Steam Play and Nvidia drivers
What is the current kernel version of elementary OS?
Wifi connection is weak (rtl8723be)
How can i enable Canonical Partner in elementary Juno or Is there an application of a similar sort ?
How to install Brave browser on elementary OS 0.3.2 Freya
Reboot to Windows 10 changes time
Broken elementary os after low disk space warning
Other than speed (I'm assuming)- what am I losing if I install Elementary OS on HDD?
How to retain workspace segregation across display changes?
Icons are disappearing from Plank
Skype Installation on Elementary OS
Dual boot redirecting to windows 10 instead or OS choice
Will there be an update path from Loki to Juno?
Cannot update operating system
Canadian English Keyboard Layout?
How can I copy the /boot/ folder and it's contents from the live USB to sda1?
Recover partition OR data
this error comes when i install qbitorrent and vlc
No WiFi MacBook Pro after ElementaryOS install
Puppeteer on Elementary OS
Pretty new to Linux
completing the installation process
Trying to get tray icon to appear for PIA (Private Internet Access VPN) in Juno Beta
Using cmake on Juno
Elementary OS 0.3.2 Freya 64-bit Ubuntu 14.04 downloading VLC
Permission to second hard drive? Denied!
Display Desktop Icons
How can I lower the volume specific to a particular app?
Sound problems in Loki (dummy output) alsa not loading modules
Lenovo doesn't support Elementary OS
Quick info (for peace of mind)
Customization tools for juno
Top Bar and Dock Icons very large
How to connect HP6700 wireless printer to Elementary Loki
Installation Slack 3.3.1
update OS Freya 0.3.1 to Elementary OS 0.4.1
Mail is getting automatically bigger and bigger
Firefox right button on selected text start Inspect Tool not right button menu
ASUS ZenBook Pro UX550VE Can't Install OS, Goes Straight to TTY1 and Can't Use sudo Commands
Install full Nvidia 1060ti Drivers
Add Netflix servers on proxy exception list
Any way I can minimize VLC while browsing, or minimize browser?
how do i configure the plank in elementary os?
When I install elementary OS, I always fail
Maximize screen space in elementary os
Run a script on shutdown
Password resetting: I dont have my live installation device available.
Notify-send Notification Centre
Elementary OS guest additions does not seem to allow Clipboard sharing or Drag and Drop
Macbook 2010 not booting after update (black screen)
Trash doesn't clean
Help: E: Sub-process /usr/bin/dpkg returned an error code (1)
Resume from suspension ask password to read smart data
Elementary OS won't restart after installation
Installed libpng16-dev, now I can't install elementary-sdk and other dependencies
My wireless earphones are too quiet
Moving from Pop!_OS to Juno
Error with translations while following "Get Started" tutorial
Google Drive sync on Juno
Switching wallpapers doesn't work on Juno
Upgrade from Juno beta to final?
Install color profile in juno
Hotcorner for minimize current window
Steam in Juno- how to install
Monitor settings do not work. Cannot disable integrated screen of the laptop
Firefox Context Menus are weird and don't work correctly
Elementary OS Juno - No sound on USB-C monitor
Gmail 2 factor does not work
Juno Display Scaling Issues
NVIDIA Gforce 150 MX - Can't find it on the list
Control+G inside terminal is not functioning correctly
Software Sources in Juno
Will installing elementary OS Juno going to wipe data on other drives?
Middle click pasting does not working in native apps
Hiding running apps in Plank in Juno
Juno sources - no release file
Firefox right click issue
ctrl + w for close window?
Juno Freezing After Idle
Font missing in LibreOffice Writer
Update from Loki to Juno stable?
Juno: video freezes for a few seconds on VGA second display
Power Setting doesnt work
Dual display issues on HP laptop?
Logon screen in elementary OS Juno
Juno printer error: cups missing filter warning
Music (Noise) doesn't save track information
Missing icons in the wingpanel
File Dialogue Doesn't Work
Launching a command in terminal from the app launcher
Can't launch Pantheon Files from terminal
Impossible to Download ISO - JUNO Beta
Multitasking-view icon problem
Night mode not enabling
Unable To Connect to Some Apple Input Devices/Unable To Delete One Apple KB from BT Settings
Keyboard layout switch delay
Elementary OS ignoring suspend disable
Unable to fullscreen video on second monitor
Grub issue after installing Elementary alongside Windows 10
Where is "encrypt my home folder" in Juno?
Unable to update the system using apt
Taskbar icons in juno dont work
Strange Mouse Issue
How to disable screen rotation on Juno
Touchpad right button not working for right click on juno
Wacom settings nowhere to be found on Hardware Settings
Juno no wireless after upgrading from loki
Hide tabs bar in terminal
Can I install a places status indicator like Ubuntu's?
Restore backup after upgrade to Juno
Juno boots to black screen with top menu visible
Bluetooth Tray Icon Missing
Power Configuration Seems to Not Be Respected by OS
Issues with Chrome video playback and Wingpanel after updating to Juno
Is it possible to change the color of folders?
What is the proper way to install LAMP in elementary OS 5.0 Juno?
Cannot install gcc and g++ on Elementary OS Juno
Remove PPA that was taken down from Launchpad
Keyboard shortcuts which includes shift key does not work but shift alone works
Issues with exernal monitor on elementary OS Juno
Impossible to disable middle click paste
Can't prevent my computer from falling asleep
Juno: how to remove am/pm indication from login screen?
Juno: NightLight stopped working
Juno: Youtube videos pause when mouse stops moving (Chromium)
Trouble connecting wireless keyboard (connection loop)
elementary OS 5 Juno - No internet via Ethernet - Desktop - Intel I217-V
elementary OS 5.0 Juno doesn't start after sleep
Going fullscreen with a browser locks up that window only on secondary display
Resolution nightmare
How to Enable Right-Click and desktop icons in Elementory OS Juno
Juno - Middle click paste between different programs
How to minimize from active corners
how to make password input box get focus in login screen (juno)
Lock screen not working
Single finger trackpad dragging inconsistent
How to Fix DNS Leak with VPN
Lock screen on corner action (with timeout)
Column View right click doesn't always work
Need Application to show in Applications
How do I permanently disable suspend and hibernate modes on Elementary OS 5 "Juno" 64 bit?
Bug, fullscreen Atom. The window is *hidden*
Broadcom 4360 Wifi (2013 MacBook Air) on Juno?
Camera Application freezes on Juno but not Loki
Dual boot issue
How do I remove a broken apt repo?
USB Printer not connecting in Juno
Juno Odditiessss
Juno Pointer size small on HIDPI screen
Video on Chrome freezing
Code - How to "search in project"
Quick move plank to primary monitor
Files -> Connect Server - Unable to close dialog box
Empty /boot/efi after fresh install of Juno
Elementary won't boot off USB Drive
Juno keeps booting into a blank screen
Why do I not see a login option for the guest at the login screen?
Can't install elementary os 5.0 juno - kernel panic using live usb or dvd boot
how to make backspace work in 'files'
Battery draining faster after installing Juno
Green border for emoticons
PlayOnLinux windows/dialogs display incorrectly in elementary OS Juno
can not install my wifi HP printer 2049
List of all keyboard shortcuts
Unlock session is taking a long time
Integrated webcam not working in Juno 5.0 on Dell XPS 9550
Unable to Create a Juniper VPN connection
Problem with my wifi netwowrk
how do i know what is the video resolution in elementary os juno
No sound in TV over HDMI in Juno
Network and VPN consistently disconnect after locking screen for twenty minutes
Can't get my WiFi (D-Link DWA-182 Wireless USB Adapter) running
Some bugs I found + 'code' related questions
Chrome Doesn't Render Until I Move The Cursor
Open elementary apps from the command-line
Cannot add Microsoft Precision Mouse (Juno)
Bluetooth Tray Icon Disappears and Reappears Intermittently
Slow boot time on Dell XPS 9550 with Juno?
Wallpaper stretched for short moment after login (dual monitor)
How I get minimize window active side?
cannot configure CUPS on elementary OS juno
Juno - No Internet Connection
Scanner seen by sane-find-scanner but not scanimage
Dell XPS 15 9570 not touchpad
Zoom (Meetings & chat)
VM Installed-Love What I see, But Have Some Questions Before Native Install
How to prevent computer from sleeping or suspending
High CPU Usage on Juno in Chrome during video playback
Installing Infinality
how to fix bug in the windows of elementary os
system resets on certain apps
Can't add shortcut to app launcher
Can't add Windows 10 to GRUB after installing Juno
How to change terminal shortcuts
Bootable USB won't boot
Printer Issues and possible fix/workaround
How to unlock without the mouse?
VPN Connections & Tray Icons in Juno
How do I fully close apps?
Can't install Mega on Juno
Juno Failed to Fetch Updates - Missing Release file
Installing previous version of Thunderbird
My elementary os Juno's top bar doesn't work with another theme
Problems installing elementary tweaks in Juno
Repository problems, on a new installed Juno
How to remove libreoffice?
Libreoffice 6: no text shown in Juno version
System crash after some idle time: Juno
Cannot install eOS 5.0 from usb (list of tried solutions inside)
Failed to fetch updates, Too few items to process when trying to update from AppCenter
Fresh installation - apt-get update fails with 403 forbidden
Settings/Displays multi-monitor: turning off a display doesn't work on Juno/Intel Haswell
pycharm is not showing in app launcher and anywhere in elementary juno
How to boot from existing LUKS partition? (dual boot)
Is it possible to hide user list from the power button in top right corner?
Missing Icons in AppCenter - Juno
VLC Player; User Interface completely altered because Qt scaling is broken
Cannot set up network printer in Juno (worked in Loki)
cant sudo apt-install
Installing Juno corrupted the BIOS, Cannot save changes in BIOS
printer status changed to "Paused - "Rejecting Jobs" periodically
How to smoothen up the boot process in Elementary juno
Broadcom Wireless Driver not working after installing Juno
How to disable file thumbnails?
First install on a MacBook Air: black screen
Installing Elementary OS in Parallels gives blank screen
Where can I find the error logs when an application crashes?
How to change screen dpi in elementary Freya?
How to update from elementary OS loki to juno?
Apt repo add with human error, empty AppCenter
Error on launching the "App Store"
How do I remove build-in docklets from Plank?
Touchscreen after sleep not working
How can I disable sound effect of deleting files in Elementary OS 5?
elementary OS included software
AMD RX580 Screen Tearing
Problem with installing Grub, after eOS installation.
Error in repository
Juno 5.0 install / Try it option freezes with boot errors on dell i3180
Juno: no right click menu on title bar
Install elementary OS 5.0 Juno on my elementary OS 0.4 Loki
eOS Juno : Scale at 1 but display too big yet
Sync GNOME Calendar on elementary OS
Instability in full screen videos ElementaryOs 5
ElementaryOS Juno after Eclipse IDE install impossible to add icon after linked in Application menu and Plank
How to toggle text wrapping in Code?
Brave Browser and repo update
Unabled to format USB Drive
mouse right click double clicks?
code text editor problem in elementary os juno
The disk you inserted was not readable by this computer
copy on mouse highlight in terminal app
No Wi-Fi in elementary OS after install even though it worked in the live session
elementary OS Juno - Wi-Fi always disabled after logging in
Very strange double titlebar
Cannot use CTRL + X/C/V in Files on Dvorak layout
installing elementary OS primarily onto a USB while I trial Linux
Screenshot Monitor doesn't start
Elementary OS Juno - no sound after update
music app problem
stuck at glowing boot logo during first installation
Juno - HP PAVILION 15 - No WiFi after installation
How to add a script to start up sequence so that it applies before the actual login screen?
How to disable keyboard shortcuts pop up in Juno?
VmWare workstation on Juno - Vm Screen doesn't appear
Change icon size and text size
elementary OS says only 229 MB free on PC, but it is not using 500 GB HDD
Creative software
Snap run Spotify generating endless errors inside terminal
No sound card detected: HP EliteBook
Customising the wingpanel in juno? like adding blur?
elementary OS 5.0 and Hardware Sensors Indicator
Icon of installed apps with snap don't appear in apps list
How to stop wingpanel starting up?
Video execution lag
Translations Slack invitation link is expired
Accidentally created a bad source list- How to delete it?
Video freezes when watching videos
Change resolution when running in Hyper-V
Can't install elementary-tweaks on Juno
Keyboard Shortcuts Broken for Audio
Right-click desktop Juno?
How to add support for additional coding languages?
What keyboard shortcuts are available in Code?
Where do I put - in which file, to persist routing rule (sudo ip r a IP via 192.168.1.1) on reboot,I just added?
XF86Refresh Doesn't Map Correctly in Chrome
Power usage NVIDIA on Juno
How to configure nightlight to run for the whole day?
Cannot install angular on elementary os!
Is there any processes that I can disable to shorten the booting time?
ERRNO 5 Input/Output Error When Installing Juno
Can I put Elementary OS Juno on my macbook 4.1?
Elemantary OS Touchpad not Working on Lenovo Ideapad 330s?
Juno Winehq problem
icon preview for iPhone
Can't install on my laptop
Notification not show any button
where are photos missing files stored
Where can I report bugs to elementary patches of Epiphany?
Installing elementary OS onto a System76 Onyx Laptop
failed to fetch updates without solution
How to prevent shutdown or reboot when another session is open
How can I add a bluetooth device in Juno?
How to Install Driver for Realtek RTL8822BE in Juno
"Fusion Drive" on eOS?
Hibernate option in Juno
Can't install Anaconda
How do I activate the internet?
Touchpad Locks After Inactivity Period
How to disable animations for the applications menu?
Low disk space on file system
How to get cursor autofocus on login screen?
UI freezing during file management
Juno - Notifications inside Visual Studio Code's integrated terminal
HP 14" latptop a good choice for elementary OS - Model 14-cf1015cl
Getting an error on update
How to select (cherry-pick) files in Files using keyboard only? (Juno)
Grub2 unknown filesystem after apt dist-upgrade
No audio after new hardware in eOS Juno
Netbeans doesn't start
What does it require for Loki apps to be made available in Juno?
Why my computer is not being recognized as a laptop?
WiFi disconnects after a period of time
Juno boot loop AFTER logo
Nvidia drivers cause freeze when resuming from suspend
'Up' shortcut in Files not working anymore
Dim the screen after a period of inactivity
How to change usb mount rules?
elementary OS Juno installer crashed
Login twice when HDMI is plugged in
Repository „cdrom://elementary OS 5.0 _Juno_ - Stable amd64 (20181016) bionic Release“ does not contain the Release file
NitroShare without system tray icon
Elementary OS 0.4.1 Loki iso download
new elementary OS user, wifi && graphics questions
Videos stop, but audio keeps going until I move my mouse
Apps I can install on Elementary OS
libdvd-pkg: `apt-get check` failed?
Problem installing
How to display system tray icons in elementary OS Juno?
OpenVPN only connects when am root
Change click drag/resize button on keyboard
Can I run multiple instances of plank that only shows the current windows windows?
Display currently running applications that would normally be seeing in the taskbar
Connect and reconnect automatically to the VPN
How to change the colour of links in Evolution
Stuck in Bootloop after the first boot
Can't Select Existing Wireless Network In Loki
Login screen upside down
How to display kazam in tray
Low resolution and DPI causing save dialog input text to disappear
Open .blend files from Files
Juno system-installation Acer Aspire ES1-732-P3A8
Update authentication
How can I disable Tap to Click?
Typing freezes the system for a short time
HP 15-da0103ng WIFI not working
How do I decrease the gap between icons in the status tray?
Scribus Not Working Properly (elementary OS 5.0)
How do I move the X (close) button on Firefox to the left?
Bluetooth issue - no icon on the top bar
Elementary OS privacy questions
Selected Wifi in menu bar differs from System Settings>Network page
How to set up GRUB - Dual Boot of Windows 10 & elementary OS
Is the Apple Magic Trackpad 2 supported in Juno? With multitouch gestures?
screen flip issue with Juno 5.0 on HP 840 G1
Q: How to enable dock microphone by default when headphones with mic are plugged-in?
Cant Install/Boot elementary OS with GPU + AMD PRO WX2100
Screen Error Razer Blade Stealth
Less disk space than provided by dual boot
Faded screen after waking from suspension
Can't login, in a Login loop
Which usb monitor adaptor is compatible?
Elementary OS Loki hangs during shutdown
Can't get multitouch(3+ finger) working on eOS
Prevent windows from sticking to others while being dragged?
Grub appeared out of nowhere. How do I remove it?
ElementaryOS music player doesn't open when CD is inserted
How to replace ç (c cedilla) with English (US, international with dead keys) keyboard
Asus TUF FX504 Touchpad not working
Use without installing
Bluetooth Keeps Getting Turned Off at Wake up
Unexpected Shutdown
Laptop Screen Blinks
Loki to Juno 5 upgrade failure
System font size is small in high DPI display
Macbook Pro 2012 WiFi card not supported?
How can I disable automatic suspend of laptop?
How can I know which is my Elementary OS version?
Computer always Suspends when Its selected as Never
videos dont play in Epiphany
Any support for Ryzen 2200g iGPU?
How could I activate Bluetooth in Juno? (Asus Pro P550L)
Hotkey to closing applications
my elantech touchpad doesn't work
Epiphany does not start (seg fault)
How to view all existing user of my system?
Error installing nokogiri
Bluetooth missing in tray icons and Settings app in Juno?
Driver Realtek RTL8821CE
user is not in the sudoers file. This incident will be reported
(LoadError) No such file or directory - wpscan
Yubikey tutorial for elementaryOS
The Printer is recognized and installed but it does not print actually
Install AMD A10-8700P Radeon R6 driver
Save passwords for applications not working
Can I contribute a wallpaper to elementary OS?
Juno - no network connection (over ethernet) when using multiseat config
Juno Errors on HDMI input
Hack to install elementary os apps from loki and - to juno
How to upgrade from loki to juno?
USB does not work on elementary OS (Juno) on virtual box
Application window focus on open
Up to date elementary OS is incredibly slow, whats wrong?
AppCenter Payments after reinstall
How to run multiple command sequentially?
How to view email's source?
How to allow ads in some websites with Epiphany?
Is it possible to disable history (security & privacy menu) through the command line? What about location services?
Icon for File app no longer showing
System broken due to faulty upgrade
Terminal command for closing program
Sound and keys on chromebook (Asus c200)
shrink Window title bar
Lenovo V130 Touchpad
Wine update error
Juno with multiple hires monitors
Is it possible to turn Ubuntu to elementary OS?
I just want elementary OS 5.0 Juno to work
system doesn't start - hangs on a process
How to install Avant Window Navigator
How to add more space to the elementary OS partition from the Windows one?
Problems with WIFI
No wireless network after installation of elementary OS Juno
Where can I find the maximize icon file?
Does anyone know how to install a program called Flacon on elementary OS?
Elementary app feasibility: modify any current text input
How do I stop the screen from rotating?
'Select as default' not working - Juno
"Failed to Fetch Update" error when opening app center on newly installed Juno
Can't install elementary due to GPT HDD
How can I install Elementary OS with enough swap space to hibernate?
'Package Configuration' screen but I unable to press <ok>
Why does downloading the iso take so long?
Trouble connecting a bluetooth keyboard
Thunderbird - Incorrect date format used
How do I make Gtk Headerbars look okay in Elementary?
How To Configure the Terminal in Code
Elementary OS Juno and Windows 10 dualboot time is wrong. RTC time is not changing to local
How to make Mailspring default mail app?
Black screen after installation on iMac
How to get badge notifications on the dock icon for third-party apps?
How can I get "Simple Scan" to see my Brother MFC-7362N network scanner?
Configuring media keys volume adjustment tick/step size
Intel Celeron N2840 and Elementary OS 5.0 Juno
Why won't the Music App launch?
Difficulty to parameterize scale 2 screens
Tried to install libglib2.0-0:i386 (wine dependency), and it removed most of the apps and OS
elementary OS installer crashed at choosing partition screen
Wine applications are not removed after uninstalling wine
Is it possible to use elementary OS from a live USB?
Error updating elementary OS Juno from terminal
elementary OS ignores manually set scaling factor
Blank screen after returning from suspend mode
Is there a supported hardware list for elementary OS?
Battery percentage not accurate at all
How can I get an Apple Magic Mouse2 to scroll?
Cannot find Wine after successfull install
Migration from a HDD to a SSD
Screen corruption after suspend
Closes Files after selecting multiple videos
I would like to switch workspaces by using the mousewheel
VPN Unlimited- minimise to Wingpanel?
"Unable to install GRUB in /dev/mmcblk1"
Cant turn on WiFi only Ethernet
Tiling regularly breaks: window does not render in the same place where it registers clicks
How to install dolby atmos on elementary os?
Nvidia/Elementary OS Juno suspend/resume fix
The wingpanel date and applications has different background
Error during NVIDIA drivers update
VLC do not open
Can't un-mirror display for dual monitors - Juno
How to disable fstream on boot
locating asound.conf file
Strange window behavior
Notifications off screen
Loki boot problem
The E 5.0 download is damaged when into Mac Sys22 (Sierra)
Elementary Installer Stuck on Wifi Selection Screen
Hide certain running app icon in plank
Problem in loading the desktop in ELementaryOs!
Laptop doesn't suspend on lid close
How can I remove a printer?
PCIE Data Link Layer error
Mail creating and sending double message on new thread
taskbar USB device mount indicator
Complete system freeze
Error when running `sudo apt-get update`
LinSSID does not work
Why is ElementaryOS not processing the "V" key when capslock is toggled on?
All the applications missed
On Juno, updates authentication dialog crashes on loop
Can't connect a Bluetooth keyboard
How to reset io.elementary.music library in Juno
WiFi issues on 2017 MacBook Air
Logitech C922 1080 HD webcam unrecognized
Files crash when copy and paste not empty folder with russian language in Juno
Can't get past the initial installation options without freezing?
Dual monitor setup issues
Dual-monitor nvidia-intel hybrid Xorg black screen
My Ethernet connection isn't working in Loki
Night Light Is Not Working
elementary os being built for RasPi?
Volume controls on function keys don't work
Freeze after resumption from suspend
Solution to make all videos properly work in Epyphany
Problem with touchpad pointer
USB C DP Alt Mode external monitor
Elementary "loses track" of the screen brightness after standby
WiFi Printers All Disabled?
Scrolling continues across workspaces
Wingpanel translates with touches
Subtitles in Video Player
How can I add MPT support to elementary OS to read files from an Android phone?
text display problem-Juno
Zoom Level in Mail
AppCenter red number 3 in dock
Add word processor to Elementary
How do I install the elementary OS 5.0 theme to flatpak?
Num lock does not work in elementary OS Juno
What is the most simplest way to change (fix) the colors in the terminal (bash)
kernel-update for new hardware?
Elementary OS duplicating windows for DBeaver
Keyboard to show/expland all notifications
Build fails appcenter bot test
Stuck with windows Automatic repair loop after installing eOS alongside Windows 10
Sound issue with Logitech G633 headset
App Store does not list anything other than installed apps
Folders etc. on desktop like on OsX?
What are the keyboard shortcuts in Photos?
Adding ppa for airvpn app eddie-ui
Get audio from both front and back connectors eOS Juno
Need a password manager
Where are io.elementary.music settings file?
Startup Applications in settings resets when settings i closed
Lenovo Thinkpad External Monitor Issue
Latest security update breaks encryptfs authentication screen
How to run sudo commands on start up?
Loki does not boot after install (full wipe)
System tray icon for Nextloud
Battery consumption
Help install software and using wine
How can I disable transparency throughout the UI - IN JUNO?
Appcenter popup error on each time and few others problems to launch programs
Xbindkeys not working on Elementary OS Juno
Issues with elemantary theme in Polari
How can I fix keyboard layouts changing very slowly?
How to access on-screen keyboard from dock?
Delays on startups and shutdowns (after removing swap partition)
Battery not detected on Live Juno
AMD Dual GPU Issue
Black/blank screen after fresh Juno install
io.elementary.code wont run on juno
Steam won't show any interface to me (except automatic updates)
Touchscreen Netbook eOS 5.0 problem
Nextcloud installation
Issue installing elementary on Sony Vaio laptop
Displayport Dell d6000 No video from Dell xps 13 via usb C
bitmask vpn: Could not find a polkit authentication agent. Please run one and try again
Virtualbox fails to launch on Juno
Internet working very slow
Elementary OS 5.0 Juno is not using ibus as input method
elementary OS on HP Probook 450 G4
Rollback AppCenter Update
Authentication Glitch
Buttons on trackpad don't work (Lenovo IdeaPad z410)
Trying to permanently change screen refresh rate
Panel transparency?
Tilix terminal as default on EOS 5.0 juno
Dell XPS 15 9560. Installed to Corsair Voyager GTX USB-SSD. Stuck at black flashing cursor
initramfs prompt
Can't install anything on juno
Strange mouse pointer style when hovering clickable elements
AppCenter Failed to Fetch Updates
Custom keyboard shortcut for "back"
Can't add a repo
PPA issues unable to update app store
elementary OS Juno - desktop vanishes after boot
How to fix broken packages?
Cannot boot to bootcamp Windows10 without usb
Google chrome does not appear in installed list in app center
Unable to boot the OS - namespace lookup failure
Elementary Calendar doesn't sync with owncloud 10.0.10
What is the custom command to "Show Desktop" for hot corners?
getting error with gnome-shell extension
Close, minimize, and maximize button icon locations
bcmwl-kernel-source
Trackpad and keyboard not working on MacBook Air Retina 2018
UFW and Elementary OS 5 - Juno
Is it possible to implement a `Wingpanel.Indicator` instance in Python?
Help please! Installed elementary OS Juno 5 and have no Wifi options
Firefox unresponsive after upgrade to version 65
Any way to configure notification duration?
How do i delete the elementary OS boot on my USB?
Зависание при выключении/перезагрузке - Hangup on shutdown / reboot
wing panel broken icon app installed via snapd
MacBook air 2015 doesn't wake from suspend
is there an href url that will open a folder in the Files app from a local html file?
Remember pw to NAS
Very big file in /var/logs/syslog due to repeating error
Is Juno Not Compatible with Wacom?
Can't type in my password when waking laptop from sleep mode
Invalid entry to fstab and now does not boot
Hotkeys do not work when switching to Russian
Permission denied during review build
Graphical UI for soX
How to install Diogenes
BUG: Display settings not applied until login
How can I use WiFi on my notebook computer?
Setting up a development environment for elementaryOS apps?
How to install unetbootin on eOS juno?
how to speed us elementary os loki booting on dell inspiron 1525
Why does wifi not work after elementary OS 5.0 Juno installs on my late 2008 MacBook Pro?
Computer goes to sleep immediately after wake up login on Juno
Web applications occasionally graphically glitch
Problem with elementary os juno after wake up
Wacom on elementary OS
Update error unexpected size
WiFi/Internet access elementary OS
File preview in right-most column?
Desktop icons in elementary OS 5
Heavy graphics artifacts on elementary Videos, and Youtube on Epiphany browser
Elementary OS not Booting After Update ["Kernel panic - not syncing"]
Terminal becomes transparent after sleep. 5.0 Juno
dual boot problem
Bootable backup solution for elementary juno
Wi-Fi on elementary is such a weak signal
Problem Installing elementary OS 5.0 Juno
Unable to login as standard user
Upper menus not working
Set turn off display when inactive to 1 minute?
Window snapping bug
Emmet plugin for Code?
Problem booting after fresh install Juno 5.0
Why is the mouse pointer so big?
Laptop wakes immediately after suspend
All text on my screen is concealed after screenshot app crashed
Firefox Dropdowns in wrong location
Disable Ctrl+C/Ctrl+V Shortcuts in Pantheon Terminal for Juno
Protected Blu-Ray playback in elementary OS
emoji support in Juno
Microsoft Surface TouchScreen support?
Elementary OS 5.0 won‘t install on MacBook Pro 3.1 (Core2Duo)
Wifi is not working when bluetooth is connected
Docs open on select?
Low Resolution Icon in Dock
How can I swap the "fn" and "control" keys on a 2011 Macbook Pro?
There is no system tray feature for third party apps i.e. qBittorrent, KeepassXC etc
Full screen issue
Bad magic number in superblock, I can´t log in
Ubuntu 18.04 - slow boot, 30+sec for "random: fast init"
Error after installing the system
How can I change the resolution on Virtual Box
After update Volume and PrtScn no longer work
Will not boot at all
Files and folders lock
Mount -o user&password
Elementary OS Juno freeze when usb mouse accidentally disconnected
How do I set QT apps to "prefer dark theme"?
Startup Application open terminal and run command
Die APP Systemeinstellungen ist nicht auffindbar (The APP system settings can not be found)
Custom Shortcuts in overlay
Large windows, dock bar, top bar, fonts
Sublime-Terminal plugin not working
Font in power/battery/wifi/applications has fuzzy shadow with OSX-Arc-White theme
Freya font rendering problem after last update
Monetization: Is there any smart money in elementaryOS yet?
How to delete desktop pictures in usr/share/backgrounds?
How to mount a Mojave/HighSierra APFS partition as read only in elementary OS?
How do I change the folder where screenshots are saved?
ASUS VivoBook W202na : Will it run
How to recover EOS installation on MacBook Pro when no system is longer recognized including USB/Optical boots
Black Screen after Suspend
How to mount an apfs-fuse volume automatically so that it appears in Devices in Files?
elementary 5.0 boot problem on macbook 2,1 (late 2006)
Calendar App Sorts by Reverse Alphabetical
All of my partitions are mounted as read only
Epiphany keyboard shortcuts
How can I remove elementary os totally and install ubuntu?
Save dual monitor configuration?
Shift is switching keys when pressed 1 time
Is there a default email template
Need Administrator Rights
How do I set it back to proper language
How to change terminal to use Ctrl + Click to open URL for juno?
Mate-terminal window size decreasing in Juno
Juno, sound work but headphone does not (alienware m17xr4)
How to import music from CD and display its artwork?
Unable to install Elementary OS: Hangs during reboot after installation
Installation issues with Juno
screenshot is not saved to clipboard
Plank doesn't open on 5.0 Juno
Firefox 65 gives a blank page when minimized/maximized
Fresh eOS Installation - WiFi not working. Laptop has no Ethernet Port
Elementary OS, add custom command in context menu pantheon-files
Large GTK menus don't scroll?
How to develop extensions for Code?
Installer not listing disks
Juno freezed randomly
Permanent custom keymap
Remove Highlighted directories name in terminal
Transparent vs. white panel with light background
Where is the trash icon?
Cannot login from TTY: Auto \r when TTY login
Wifi and keyboard backlight on Lenovo Y720
DVR RW drive not recognized on my laptop
Files file manager tool bar menu Gone "file edit view" disabled
Black Screen after suspend on Juno
Is there a way to turn off move window shortcut?
Why I can't list other pc on lan
BCM57780 ethernet link is always down
Elementary OS 5.0 Juno grub installation error [Single Boot]
The fonts in the Java app are strangely broken
Wingpanel static colour
Trying elementary OS without installing options get stuck in black screen dual boot Win 10
Pantheon files. Color of files and folders does not work (Juno)
Wireless and Internet settings disappeared from system settings
The io.elementary.camera package installs on Ubuntu Disk 19.04 normally, but does not open the video image
How can Intel Microcode be installed manually in elementary OS?
Elementary OS Juno cannot see IRST RAID 1 array
Restoring apt directory
USB stick with AMD (juno)
LG 32UD99-W monitor improperly recognized
How to uninstall Libre Office 6.2?
Are there any files inside /usr/share/scripts after an elementary installation?
How to connect my Android phone? KDECONNECT?
Mouse cursor size and theme not adjustable
5.0 Juno - There is no display on videos
Elementary OS with custom partitions - lvm, luks - doesn't ask for password at boot
Pinch-to-Zoom multitouch gesture
bluetooth issues (solved)
stuck copying files from folder to folder or usb drive
No system tray icon for Ibus in Elementary OS Juno
Ethernet Cable Unplugged? [Juno]
Terminal open 2 tabs in current folder
Strange behavior of windows at the bottom of the screen
HP Envy x360 - Juno installation attempt => black screen and freeze
Where is this app located?
I can run elementary on my USB and install on my hard drive but cannot run it from my hard drive
Maximized windows hide behind wingpanel
Why do we have to do a clean install in order to upgrade to Juno?
Angular Installation
Share folders between users
Anyone using an Alpha Litebook? Have you upgraded to Juno?
Unbelievably slow?
Packages have unmet dependencies error
Right click uninstall/context in apps menu
Calendar puts my laptop out of memory
Screenshot Quality
Help Fixing Grub Misconfiguration
Terminal, Juno, Copy last output not translated in french
Terminal starts with bash command
how to make apps to be installed on my other hard drive?
Asus FX502VML cannot change brightness?
Suspend on elementary Juno has been broken
Laptop unable to resume after suspend [Juno on Asus A54C, i3 2.2ghz, 8gb ram, SSD]
Change title bar color of some apps
How to run command on desktop unlock
Elementary OS not play audio with other monitor in hdmi
Slow boot time/odd boot behaviour
Top panel and dock panel are missing on resized monitor - nVidia X Server
Only manufacturer logo after installing system updates from appcenter
Elementary OS Juno - not resume
After update, VirtualBox error
plank on three monitors using Juno 5.0
Battery low and full nothing notification
trying to install node and angular but it's not working!
I accidentally deleted the file /lib/ld-lsb.so.3
Change back shortcut
Are thunderbolt interfaces / external drives supported?
Problem with playing screen record videos in a new installation of eOS 5.0
Trouble logging into public wifi hotspots
rEFInd menuentry eOS
I cant login and what is this?
Loki: make not found (trying to update Realtek drivers)
Desktop Fails to Load After Login
Can not add new files to existing drives after elementary OS Juno install
Computer won't load desktop after logging in?
Traceback while trying to run dell-recovery
Elementary os on login <ERROR> failed to enable link training
Will we have an SDK for elementary OS?
Lightdm greeter
Won't update because some index files failed to download/ hash sum mismatch
I can't run MusicBee on Wine
Error durin installation of a program
Can’t uproot GNU GRUB
Native videos app can't play some type of videos
Disk Encryption Juno/Windows 10 - Dual Boot from separate hard drive
Problem with HDMI external monitor
How do I remove a package?
Failed to fetch update
VirtualBox 'Kernel driver not installed (rc=-1908)'
Update :( no voice
How to hide top panel in elementary os?
Super+l and "Turn off display after..." doesn't turn off screen. It just locks the screen. Anyone else?
Turning up the volume past the maximum in Juno
Change spell checking from UK to US English
OS becomes unresponsive, but can still move cursor
Adding and deleting entries from wingpanel
Cannot attach file to email in elementary os 5.0 juno
Control+Direction in Terminal
Suspend returns alone, why?
Is it possible to change the magnifier factor?
How to install wireless drivers via USB?
Bluetooth stays on after switching off
Bluetooth and laptop speakers working at the same time
Is there an update button?
Wifi still dont work after a new fresh install
How to install and use Avro keyboard in Elementary OS 5.0 Juno?
Applications Menu View by Category Mouse Over Setting
I can't Modify files and folders in othger Drives like C:
Can you access the terminal log in without using ctrl-alt-F1?
Change downloaded themes on terminal
Physical click of the touchpad doesn't work (Ezbook Jumper 3 Pro)
Videos not playing correctly with Epiphany
Mixing HiDPI and LoDPI screens on Elemtary OS 5 Juno
How to delete Elementary OS without another OS installation?
Elementary won't connect to internet with dual boot
How to Factory reset Elementary OS Juno
Taking time on Shutdown and when boot after that then the just logo flashes
button mapping/shortcuts gets reset after shout down
Drag and Drop doesn't work on newly copied files
Password prompt for sudo apps often read-only
Hardware aceleration doesn't work (at least with mpv)
Getting notifications from a deleted app
Can't update Agenda anymore because of minimum price. - Where i live Credit Cards are unpopular and i also don't care to get one
Hash sum mismatch error on update
Night light sunrise/sunset not working
Import OS X iTunes playlists
how to make AMD switchable graphics work in linux?
Failed to fetch updates
Update error - signatures couldn't be verified because the public key is not available
Pantheon File Manager Fork?
Possible bug (probably with X or video drivers) that doesn’t allow keyboard / mouse access at greeter
Duplicate Window Bug
Why can I only drag and drop with right mouse button in only some folders?
Resize elementary OS partition to full disk partition
For some reason amdgpu stopped working
Why is my lockscreen in French?
Grouping icons into folders
Asrock DeskMini Wifi kit
How to enable SSH on elementary os
How to fix broken icons in elementary os?
Is it possible to use Folder.jpg album artwork scheme?
Audio Selection Menu Crashes
Boot endless loop
Greeter Font and Session Chooser
PlexAmp, Notifications, wingpanel
No WiFi on MacBook Pro 2009 after full install
Unity 3D UI not scaling properly
Only using 2 cores instead of 4
Secondary trackpad/mousepad button not functioning as expected
Bootloop at login screen of newly installed elementary OS
Right-click context menu for Clickpad
Locking laptop results in black screen and won't let me unlock again
how to fix screen tearing with web scrolling
Can't turn off the secondary display
AbiWord saves files in native format only
Epiphany browser with iCloud web client
Remove standard file manager
US Int. keyboard layout Right Alt not working as compose key
Audio output stuck on device that is no longer connected
Install Wine on elementary OS Juno
Problem with adding bookmark in Files
moving from Zorin 12 to elementary OS juno
Elementary crashes router when plug in Ethernet cable; Windows, no problem
Issues dual-booting Elementary Freya and Windows 10
Login screen items misplaced
[SOLVED]randomly "sleeping/shutting down" while using ElementaryOS
How to install elelmentary OS 5 on prepared before ext4 filesystem with additional parameters
How to keep bluetooth off by default?
How to fix 3584 alignment offset issue during installation
Will there be a version of Juno based on Ubuntu 19.04 or 19.10 before 20.04 LTS?
How to overcome "flip_done" timed out errors
Add support for UEFI
How to get emoji working in elementary OS Juno
How to enable adjustable tiling on Portrait mode?
How to know which packages I have installed manually?
Problems with installation (beware: noob level over 9000)
end kernel panic - not syncing vfs unable to mount root fs on unknown-block(0 0)
System will not login automatically to SMB server after login
can i change video thumbnail on librarry?
Unable to use appcenter repository (hash-mismatch)
elementary OS Juno starts with a black screen in virtualbox
Running Screenkey on elementary OS
Problem With Background Wallpaper
Authentication Error After Lock
VMWARE WORKSTATION PRO 15 on JUNO or LOKI .... don"t work
Prevent login loop
macbook hardware specs INCLUDING battery
caffeine wingpanel on github
How to fix keyboard's media keys?
I can't hear music, but can hear all system sounds
Calendar, caldav and nextcloud not working
Waking from Suspend Issue
Cannot Poweroff after login from Lock screen
Screen Blank During Installation
Increase vertical mouse scroll wheel lines?
How to make the network uninterrupted when the system is locked on elementary os
Monitor resolution not recognized
How to assign apps/commands to media keyboard keys?
ST-Link Tool in elementary OS
How can I fix Terminal to honor "Quit Terminal"?
Pantheon crashes while dragging and dropping
Unable to lock screen in elementary OS Juno
How do I create a toggle custom command shortcut to "show desktop" and "hide desktop"? Combine two shortcuts that view / hide desktop into one
how to connect bluetooth devices
No brightness controls after fresh install
Has anyone installed Nordvpn in elementary OS 5, if so how?
How to type En-dashes, curly quotes, Em-dashes etc
Firefox Dev Edition as Default Browser
Can't use internal microphone when headphones are connected
Failed to open shm/Too many open files error with Firefox
home folder and its contents remain on the partition, after clean install for upgrade to Juno, but inaccessible
Screen real estate enlargment
Discord screen sharing function not working properly
Printing a pdf presentation takes a long time or does not work at all
Slow start after suspend
How to access data from another operating system files
How do I change smb user when connecting?
Can i start Scratch editor from terminal?
Can't update existing email account, also can't delete it to re-add it
Boot Issues on Dell XPS 15
Cant boot to Windows 10 after installing eOS
User account name edited with each lock
Folder colors in juno
Updated Loki = Newest Juno download?
How to change closing lid behavior on AC and batter on Elementary Juno
Plank - multiple workspaces behaviour
Firefox doesn't update (since the plugin issue of may 3rd)
elementary OS won't detect my keyboard MacbookAir 2015 Model
commands and using pantheon-files
Menubar/wingpanel transparency behavior
Anyone uses the ZOOM meetup software with eOS?
Does Juno Support Display scaling
I get loged out when I go into my Files
Multiple monitors extended screen on all workspace
External display stuck at 30hz
Some programas shows ghost windows
Slow shutdown and cannot troubleshoot
Realtek HD audio drivers installation
Missing audio mode in Juno
Livecd boots to black screen with no splash screen during install. How do i activate nomodeset?
Mousepad nor working on elementary Juno HP laptop
Setxkbmap switch layouts
What can be done about 'token authentication faillure',in Juno 5.0?(Elementary OS)
Position of Date and Time on the login screen
iGPU monitor not being recognized
Repository Release' does not have a Release file
Touchpad buttons not working
Getting "No route to host" often
Secure Boot Shim/MOK Management Inconsistent
Thinkpad External Touch screen Monitor works as touchpad/ trackpad with fingers, works fine with Pen
Realtek 8723DE Wi-Fi
How to type in Hangul(Korean Alphabet) in elementary OS Juno?
vertically stacked monitors do not line up
WordPress site does not load
Which Task manager is most similar to the Mac OS task manager
How to replace "Applications" with the eOS logo?
Nothing but a freeze screen shows up after login
Broken system after update
Graphics on retina 13 which only booted in osx safe mode
I can't install windows. I can't boot the system with the Usb
Launching XAMPP from menu
Configure Evince on Juno
Problem with the screen in elementary OS Juno
How do I manage iPhone on elementary os
External speakers don't get listed/recognized
Xbox controller seems to cause freezing
mac address of bluetooth device seen no name is seen
Prevent removing empty desktops after closing the last window
Install boot stuck at _raw_spin_lock_
black screen with the dock appearing just a few instants
Unable to satisfy all constraints on the partititon
App Center updates error
Elementary OS Updates issue
Broken network after KVM installation
HiDPI Scaling Issues
Elementary os Juno intstall external usb
Machine suspends even if it is not
Two finger scroll not working after waking up from suspend
AMDGPU-Pro on Juno to improve performance and compability
Stuck on grub screen
usb storage media do not mount anymore
Problem with Nvidia graphic card driver
cannot install tweaks(mpstark)
elementary OS 5.0 Juno stuck on cryptsetup successfully
Custom Date and Time format in top panel (wingpanel)
problem while botting up (unable to show plymoth screen)
Lightdm lock screen broken
Keyboard backlight not working
How can I set .kdenlive mime format icon on Elementary os?
Create ISO from Elementary OS
Error when trying to use nautilus
R-Studio not loading
Laptop screen is too small - Scaling without changing external monitor's setting
OS 5 Juno install black screen
screen lagging during video playback
Login Screen Error
Why does my LibreOffice look like a 90s Linux GUI?
Error: could not find a distribution template for elementary/juno
Drivers of wifi not found
Elementary OS freezes on full screen playback in any browser
I have been using elementary Os for almost 6 months
Cursor Size Won't Change with dconf
Browser crashed on youtube-frontend site (invidio.us)
Audio devices working but not showing up in the settings
ElementaryOS and Wireguard
Login is now through terminal
after the installation my MacBook TouchPad does not respond
Multimedia-Content
Plank problem with pinning
система не обновляется
AMD Ryzen 3 2200G with Vega 3 (APU) not work (no image)
Is there a way to change the "Cycle Display Modes" keyboard shortcut?
Cannot mount DVDs. Do I just have bad hardware?
What is this spacecraft in the Elementary OS default wallpaper?
Why emacs require XLIB_SKIP_ARGB_VISUALS=1
Disable Kinetic / Inertial Scrolling?
Black screen after update
Revert shell back to pantheon?
How to restore notification icon for Automatic Suspend?
Juno - Ramdon Freeze
How do I accept a file via Bluetooth?
NO VPN- import Ipvansish
How to enable macOS keyboard shortcuts in Juno?
Applications Menu: is there a way to cache its contents?
update repositories
Is elementary OS Lenovo B41-30 compatible or not?
Problem with MergeList
Sleep and wake up doesn't work as expected
Firewall keeps asking for authorization
Cannot disable single click in elementary OS Juno
Writing to NFS mounted directory gives 'Operation not permitted' - how to configure permissions?
How to move files on the network server?
How can I change default font for other language?
Browsing windows shares
Slow boot time after changeover from Ubuntu to elementary OS
Conky and conky-manager on Juno?
Installer Stops after copying files - elementary Os Juno
Can't check updates from App Center
Activation of WIFI in elementay OS 5 Juno
system Update failure
Does anyone know a dark elementary os like plank theme?
Is there a way for an application to remain on a specific workspace?
Always on top of a full-screen app?
Firefox Auto Scrolling Starts Automaticly
Previous Files shortcut
Colored close/minimize/resize window icons
Any confirmation on a Ryzen 5 2400 with Elementary OS?
elementary OS auto screenshots and freeze!
Unable to open the sound settings on Elementary os Juno
Blinking power light, unable to boot from battery
Bluetooth headphones sound cuts
Backward Rotation Settings for Tablet Mode of Asus TP200S
Battery not detected on Juno
Pantheon keyboard shortcuts not working
When trying to print via Brother MFC-L2710DN pages blank
Can't find org>pantheon>desktop>cerbere on dconf
Only starts with recovery mode (possible graphics driver failure)
Komorebi on Elementary
Wacom Intuous2 stops working after Suspend in Juno
How do I install with home folder on microsd card?
ElementaryOS stopped booting up. Blinking cursor
Using a library in a project won't work: taglib, tag_c.h not found
Change software update checks
Background, not update wallpaper and freezes
Context menu opens with the mouse pointer in the middle of it
All my files under my HDD is read-only
Installing libpcap-dev libssl-dev removed a lot of packages
How to remove the password request from the key deposit
Hardware Printer, Mouse
i can't load eOS from official website
Speakers make a pop sound on boot [Huawei MateBook D 14 Ryzen EU-Version]
Force file explorer to open in foreground with keyboard shortcut
Problem with installation, only logo
AppCenter Updates Error
Snap applications start extremely slowly
Can't save photos from email
Wifi always disabled in Elementary Juno
AppCenter - Failed to Fetch updates?
Custom keyboard shortcut now activating after second press
Acer 15" Chromebook, SeaBios, and Juno
32-bit future as this is based on Ubuntu
Can I create a Linux distribution based on elementary OS?
GPU not detected
How can I print from within the Code app?
i cannot run Elementary os
Can't wake up from external monitor plugged in
Repository troubles - Help!
Scrolling using Synaptics Forcepad choppy
How to debug Gala and other system apps?
elementary OS Juno on Librem 13 V4 won't wake from sleep
pip3 giving error when trying to view outdated packages
Logout stays on console with blinking cursor
Wired connection won’t work (sometimes it connects but never navigates)
Notification: "network disconnected", wakes laptop when lid is closed; prevents it from entering suspend
Deleted Ubuntu partition from windows 10 and Ubuntu dual system
Apt repository changes
No audio after waking from suspend
Setting Default Applications that are NOT standard or available in drop-down menu
midi controller setup - no sound
Elementary not supporting thunderbolt displays
GTK# Apps in the Store
Blank screen with blinking cursor after Juno reinstall
Juno media keys repeating
elementary OS will not install
syntax error near unexpected token `then'
gnome shell installed but gnome directory is not created
Wifi doesn't work
how to make custom keyboard shortcuts?
Elementary OS won't shut down
Increased idle RAM usage with time on eos Juno
Creating custom LUKS disk layout for installation
Black screen on locking the elementary OS with windows + L key
Lyrics app with Melody
How to enable "window menu" for all windows
Is there a way to manage multiple devices from a single location
text shows after elementary splash screen at boot
Dumb Noob question: Terminal is stuck in bash edit mode
Wingpanel Segfault when i want to connect my ethernet
Rebind Ctrl+Alt+Tab
GUI only boots from recovery mode
Shortcut to focus on file-chooser dialog - CTRL-L doesn't work
Problems with Applications Store
Screenshots become darker when using shortcut key
Code - Toggle sidebar
Drop-down menus in some Applications have visual problems
elementaryos slow boot
Ctrl + C cant kill process in terminal
Epub extensions
Can I get soft and updates NOT from elementary servers?
Failed to fetch updates messsage
I can't install Elementary-Juno on my laptop
USB drive gets detected on only one specific port
Can't connect on wifi
Unable to install Wine; Using instructions from WineHQ
Missing title in GTK+ 3 Dialog
Wingpanel Setting to Hide When Windows are Maximized
Secondary screen gets locked when a full screen program opens on it
Juno: Night light flickering
Nextcloud Online Acocunt?
EOS Juno suspends while working
problem with wingpannel
False loop, on login screen elementary OS Juno
Juno fresh install, display unknown, resolution only 640x480, GPU is Nvidia GeForce GTX 1650, display properties will not open
Pantheon Mail: Undo "Always show from Sender" action
Camera stop working on Lenovo Yoga 510
juno 5.0 install on ssd black screen
Settings -> Displays not finding second screen
Display settings vmware workstation 15 don't work
Driconf error starts in expert mode
Desktop System Setting missing
'Failed to fetch updates' shows up when I open AppCenter
Can´t access the default switchboard sound settings
can't get into my mail even with right password
How to reset lost administrative password?
Slow boot with LVM on Juno
Elementary OS Juno - System keeps shutting down, even after changing power settings!
Reply button or CTRL+R not active
Surface PRO 4 Support?
How to install two keyboard layouts (Korean/English) and switch between them?
How do I connect my apps to Google?
Graphical glitch for notification bubbles
Black screen after installing elementary OS 5 on a Hades Canyon PC
Cannot find printer on WAN
Is there a keyboard shortcut for cycling through windows of the same application?
Cannot complete installation on Surface Pro 4 as TypeCover isn't working for encrypted password
Juno - does not suspend
Speaker not working to full potential while using Elementary OS like it did when i used Windows
No wifi or Bluetooth on HP 17z laptop
Running two browsers with separate network interfaces
How to add Bijoy(Bangla) keyboard layout in elementary OS Juno?
My dock icon's animation is gone, what can I do to repair it?
Does elementaryOS works with hybrid graphics?
Client Email on elementaryOS
No cross-app drag and drop functionality in Juno
I'm trying to use the Powerline prompt on Fish and the icons aren't working
NVidia Drivers problems
I get error 'failed to load module when I try to run draftsight on my Linux os laptop
Where should issues with Dock be reported?
I can not use my wifi connection although it is connected
Is it possible to edit the number of Wifi networks shown in wingpanel dropdown list?
Installation never completes in AppCenter
Wifi is not detected in elementary 5 Juno
Code don't work
Install OpenSnitch in Juno?
After restart Elementary OS stuck on boot logo
How enable hibernation in Elementary Juno?
Can't use options with io.elementary.terminal
The music app noise doesn't open
Keyboard and TouchPad stops working in Elementary OS
Bad /etc/apt/sources.list
Can't open my command line c++ app
Font in Terminal looks corrupted
xbindkeys not working with another layout on Gnome session
Music scanning library for insanely long time
Video and other multimedia locks up and crashes Epiphany browser
Webcam too dark (hp truevision hd camera)
Can't find Ubuntu iso when using wubi_uefi to install elementary os
language-pack-uk-base error
Hash sum mismatch error during system update
xkb_symbols disappeared from elementaryos 5.0
calendar app never asks for google password
Why would only the media sound stop working? Seems to be caused by update
GTK2 vs. GTK3 in Java applications
Mac-layout Keyboard FN Key behavior
App windows open in background instead of foreground
Issue in Boot , platform device creation failed: -16
Wifi wont work or even show up in E Os. No matter what!
Elementary OS Juno have to default gateway automatically changed while shutting down
Compatibilty Brother DCP-J152W with Linux Elementary
Set a separate key for switching to each language
Drag and move text in Code converts accented to Unicode codes
gala and plank take too much CPU with nvidia drivers
Battery Indicator not working
no sound on my Asus Zenbook 14
Camera is not working!
How do I start the second monitor?
How to clear all notifications?
Ignore touchpad when mouse is connected
Two audio outputs simutanously?
Random black screen and pointer moves all over
Juno won't boot after install on a brand new SSD + "Apt configuration problem"
Set custom shortcut command not working as expected
No 5 GHz wifi networks detected
SD Card reader will not see large cards
when will the 18.04.3 updates arrive to eos?
No WiFi option available
Greeter Resolution on Juno
Help with small annying bugs
making my iso file bootable?
Screen flicker logout - bad rip, acpi error
Norwegian Macbook Pro Keyboard Layout
Where does CUPS-BRF print-to-file write its output? Can I configure the location?
eOS Juno - HP PAVILION 15 - No WiFi after installation
Mic without echo or noise reduction
Black screen flickering on boot
system freezes while watching video or after wake up
Pantheon DE missing from lightdm after ubuntu update
ElementaryOS Juno - random system freezes
Ethernet always turned off after waking from sleep
AppCenter and sudo apt "failed to updates"
Mythtv unable to access dB
Once locked, screen stays black and cannot be unlocked on Juno
How can i speed up boot time
HEVC (x265)-encoded videos don't play back correctly in VLC
Installer keeps crashing (squashes error)
Opening applications won't show if youtube is full screen
Why is dns not working with my new Elementary Os Juno install working?
Printer naming in Juno
I cant install zip (.tar) files using desktop from other Linux Ubuntu downloads
error attempting to download Firefox
Authorization box constantly flashes after update and cannot enter a password
Elementary won't resume after sleep
Nvidia Driver starts stuttering after nvidia-smi or Reboot
Hibernate and Power Off options
Will elementary OS erase macOS recovery?
Cannot find glib-compile-schemas but it's installed
Photos app keeps crashing and after this latest OS updates it got worse
Wifi interfaces Disable and hard blocked
Does 'code' sends data to elementary OS?
Mouse pointer stuck in drag mode when using Files and dragging-dropping
Problem with right mouse button
Connection is terible!
Wifi unable to connect Juno 5.0
I have no WiFi option avaliable
How does encryption work on elementary os?
I can't get the audio on my laptop to work correctly
Debugging applications during development
Dual boot with Windows 10 GRUB Failed(grub-efi-signed package)
Calendar invite is never sent to recipients
greeter does not accept my password any more
Very slow wakeup from locked screen
mysterious network applet
How can I get flash video to work?
Files showing Lock symbol Elementary OS Juno
Assistance required for troubleshooting digital sound output
Crossed symbol appear at up-right corner and stop taking input from keyboard until i press Alt+tab , i want to stop this action in e
How to write ( ) / ; characters with Caps Lock on?
Juno is suddenly... sluggish and laggy?
How can I propose a business model?
How to develop wingpanel extension in plain C language?
openarena crashes out of game when joining game
Can't actually turn built-in monitor off
How do you remove plugins from Photos?
New Login Screen (greeter) in Juno, grey Background
Brightness falls back after login until I refresh it
Question about wired connection settings
Can't move window to screen above main display through panel
Login screen showing weird
Windows 10 not showing in grub after elementary OS installation
Elementary Desktop
How can I change the background color of the text in the terminal?
Non-system fonts are rendered terribly sometimes
Files app not showing PDF thumbnails
Weird graphical artifacts after closing context menu
When I upgrading my elemenry os its shows me this computer has only 17.9mb space remaining
Mouse unresponsive after login
Enable "Always show Universal Access Menu" in ElementaryOS 5.0 Juno taskbar
Mail app supporting O365 Categories
Wifi issues on Elementary
Latest Update will not boot on my computer rejects my password
Native Video app does not play mpg files from a VCD
Problems waking up from suspend after update
Running a Node.Js script as a custom shortcut
Color Picker terminal launch
