*Nothing* the god of biomechanics wouldn't let you in heaven for
shortcut the statement
What's the meaning of "institute" in this context?
Words meaning changing from good to better
Meaning of "should have been offered"
Word for rewriting a sentence so it won't be misunderstood?
Express change of interests and inclination
Can "their" refer to something mentioned later?
What does "energy bills" mean? And how do they "increase"?
Time before - Is my usage mean the intended meaning?
They have been to Washington (they are there now vs. they are back now)
Concluded hearing
Is there a word for "a professor who has once taught you in the past"?
Is "and" necessary in "he is always helpful, kind"
'The' with noun expressions containing personal names
Conditional in the past -- "If Vietnam *would* fall..."
cannot clarify the structure of a sentence
The pronunciation of the word "a"
Answering a question with "Me" instead of "I" + <auxiliary verb>
Push one's way in
Shouldn't "five minute walk" be "five minutes walk" in this sentence?
How should I parse "...many of them efforts..."?
Show Showed Shown?
Perfect continuous tense with 'for' or without 'for'?
Sequence of tenses: past simple + present perfect
How should I parse this sentence? -- "She stood, feet solidly planted, a vital, comely, and charismatic ﬁgure who managed to operate her shop ..."
What does "Boomps-a-daisy" mean?
Is "don't" considered informal In writing?
Double preposition?
Subject at the end of a sentence
Your friend is sick? "Get well" vs "Be well"
(How many years) have you been married?/studying English?
The function of this "ing" form; What does it mean?
It was a pun! from the Dead parrot sketch
Usage of "when" followed by verb+ing
What does "turned up halfway" exactly mean?
Explain "if you want to fight me so bad, bring it on!"
Ask the meaning of a quoted sentence
What i need to learn?
How to change habit of saying "she" for male or "he" for female in conversations
To pay to be kind
Building sentences
Why "Would you mind if I asked you something?" is correct?
How many years (have you studied)/(have you been studying) English?
when you regard 'there' as a subject
"Proofreading (was never/has never been) my strong point"
"Not I" or "Not me"?
Is the clause "it's past doubt" archaic?
What tense should I use to describe something in the past but probably is still true?
“I'll give you one guess why."
Use of present simple tense to refer to future events
How to use "qualified"?
How can I say this?
How can I say this?
Is it possible to win a tender?
Is there a single word that means "not many people"?
What's the meaning of "margin" in this context?
Referring to noon today
Asking much sauce in bottle
About to vs Going to
Placement of "easily" (adverb of manner)
What's the meaning of "indicate" in this context?
Using "where" twice in a sentence
What does "each one of you sort of drag around with you" mean?
'Yet ... yet ... , yet ...' construct
When to use "put it" and when to use "say it"?
School calls my daughter a ward
What's the meaning of "less informed prey"
"combine with" or "combined with"
Starting from tomorrow vs From tomorrow on
Inceed - opposite word for "exceed"
What's the difference Nuance between Ever Since and Since
"any further doubts" or "any further doubt"
Different Nuance between Quit Looking (verb-ing) vs Stop Looking (verb-ing)
What does "crash" mean in this context?
How should I ask about a contraction meaning?
What to say to a dog to make it go away?
How say "You haven't a drive"?
Meaning of "trade" and "back-charged"
A term used to describe "likewise" treatment in politics
How to interpret this what-clause?
Combining sentences with “who”
"Back to the 1995." VS "Back to 1995."
Where can I find the list of nouns that are used with zero-article?
How to translate this Chinese "一点都不少" elegently?
Is this still in use in modern English?
"How long was it displaced" vs. "how far was it displaced"
Less strong synonym for “disastrous”
What's the meaning of "practical" in this contect?
What part of speech is 'day' in 'from day one'?
What should I use here: “sure if” or “sure that”?
"Had not being able" or "not having been able"?
What's the meaning of to "tear someone down"?
"It was on then" about films
"Important to me" or "Important for me"
What does this structure mean?
What's the best way (word or phrase) to say "out of pattern"?
How to understand "in line" and "in groups"? Are they adverbials of means or adverbials of place?
What is meant by this "will"?
"We all" or "all we"?
What is "Sock Puppet"? Does it mean "Sockpuppet"?
What's the meaning of "Late Wednesday night"?
What does "Then must not existence be revealed to her(the soul) in thought, if at all" mean?
Word for smiling at somebody's problem
Is there a "the" in "I am a student in (the) course Data Structure"?
"Where Amazing Happens", is this poster slogan a grammatically correct expression?
What about you?
'Are' vs. 'Have been' difference in meaning
How do I instruct my daughter to take out the books as per her school's time-table?
Difference between "such things as" and "things such as"?
How can I differentiate peppers?
as small as a world and as large as alone
Problem listening to foreign accents
How to pronounce the 'schwa' sound
A series of commands
“energy saving” vs. “energy savings”
What is the difference between "jarring" and "grating" when we refer to sounds?
How to interpret the sentence “I heard a little silvery laugh”?
Did you go (somewhere/anywhere) exciting at the weekend?
How is "pwned" pronounced, and what does it mean?
Would "my learned things" be correct?
Word for Christmas tree that can be taken back
When to use 'which' or 'in which' or 'that' (as relative pronouns)?
What does "It is not the illegality that she is accused of, but the illegality she refused to oblige" mean?
What is the difference between"energy saving" and "energy savings"?
What TV shows would be best for improving English?
"I get five hundred words of copy from her": the meaning of "copy"
Roots of words. How better learn every word in English?
What does "crack" mean in this sentence?
Two unrelated questions: (1) meaning of "_____-speak" (2) placement and referent of "at all"
How to understand "the human capacity for sin"?
What is the different between "giving an interview" and "having an interview"?
What is the complement of "since"?
Which is correct: "a same" or "the same"?
Which one is correct, "in the USA" or "in USA"?
Why does yank in vim mean copy?
"Even though unfit" vs. "Unfit as I am"
Asking "Who is this?" on the telephone
What does "take the points raised" mean?
What is appropriate usage of words loggia, deck, patio, balcony and so on
"Thank you very much in advance" or "Thank you in advance very much"
Meaning of "Give a man a fire and he's warm for the day. But set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life."
"keep one's name" meaning
Are there any solid reasons for the "-st", "-nd", "-rd", and "-th" suffixes for numbers?
What do you say when time-out is over
If it were 'there', could subject-auxiliary inversion still possible?
"Many's the time" construction
Parsing a complex sentence
What does "if anything less" mean here?
What does this "too to" mean here?
Sources to find similar spelling words?
Meaning of "-esque"?
What's the meaning of "level out" in this context?
Is "-que" the same as "-ck"?
What does prolific mean?
What is the name of the "branched function" (Maths) in correct English?
go on package holidays (Present Perfect Simple vs. Progressive)
Is the "-ney" in "hackney" a diminutive suffix?
"I don't know what" vs "what I don't know"
Stakeholder vs. Investor
What's the meaning of the word "to"?
What does lemon taste like?
Theory on a topic: Is it "(noun) + theory" or "(adj.) + theory"?
What's the difference between "get all my work done", "finish all my work" and "be done with all my work?
What is the meaning of "-er-" in sentence?
substance vs material
Do you say "outside classes", when mentioning study by yourself?
What's the meaning of "inner core" in this context?
Is a comma required here?
What is meaning of "I was ten"?
Antonym of "owned by a single party"
What's the meaning of these military terms?
What does "deal" and "take " person mean?
“Bloomin'” instead of “blooming”
Word order: "10 minutes more" or "10 more minutes"?
Is "side of the hill" the same as "shoulder of the hill"?
When to use "do" in phrases which are not questions?
Does 'some shoes' mean both a pair of shoes and two or more of them?
Can "Talk about....!" be used ironically?
reflected or be reflected?
Eliminating problems or the eliminated problem?
"Well dressed" vs "well-dressed"
Is it right to say "Only somebody can do something the best"?
"excited about something" or "excited by something"?
"fulfill or achieve or accomplish my goal"?
wrote the words to "It Came Upon a Midnight Clear"
Is it an option to put an indefinite article before a professional name?
from which or that?
Where is the subject in this sentence
What does the "spirit" mean?
"Initially moving" or "moving initially"
the structure "like for somebody to do something"
What does "A man cannot be too careful in his choice of enemies" mean?
Is an expression like "work upgrading" a correct construction?
A wealthy person
Two sentences without conjunction?
How should I parse "I was going to wait until ..."?
Difference between "body lotion" and "body cream"
they are known or known
Usage of "would" and "will"
good talkshows for download
How to learn English in quick way
"Such" as a pronoun and "Reduction Transformations"
'to annoy' and 'to bother': are they synonyms?
Appropriate word for previous and previous to previous
"I cannot draw this picture" in passive voice — use "can" or "could"?
Informal way of asking someone to make a PC screen window bigger
Following as it did
"No more than" — comparing two clauses
Wishes are mean/meant to be true
Which part of the sentence does "still" and "almost" modify? How to judge them?
What's this "fast" mean?
Is that a relative clause?
In the sentence"I break them all in the shop", what is the part of speech of "all" and what does "all" modify ?
"As you're subscribed now so you'll receive"
They are crazy for doing that?
What does "trees" mean here?
I'm not afraid "to" you?
Is this "or else" the same as "or"
What does this "forget" mean and how to use it?
Is this "his" objective or just possessive?
Where do people pronounce "route" as ro͞ot, and as rout?
"Should" in subordinate clauses of conditionals
How to understand the word "back" in this sentence?
"Cover", "covering", or "is covered"?
What does ‘raw’ mean in: “...who did not apprentice himself raw ...”
sound made while feeling cold
word for squeezing your body while in cold
The one we always think something of past
Why do you need the word "to" after the verb "subscribe"?
Difference between "spoke" and "spoken" in English grammar
Is the word "people" omitted in this passage?
Is this use of "for the ages" grammatical?
Nowhere had she less expected to see them than on this boat
Learn mathematics versus learn about mathematics
Which article to use in "I demand [a/the/] video of this birthday"
"She never saw a bear before she moved to Alaska." Why incorrect?
What does this usage of "other" imply here?
Can the word "Vote" & "Rate" be interchanged?
Possessive or objective?
How to request/say to interviewee not give wrong answers
How to ask if power is there?
How to pronounce "people"
What does "you must seek among yourselves too; for you will not find others better able to make the search." mean here?
Meaning of "mash" in "to do the mash"
"He even SPRUNG for the good stuff"?
What are the more formal words for "clerk"?
Can I use "on" when I add the content?
less communal "annexes" of the apartment (Salinger's Zooey)
should there be a definite article before "eye level"? (a quote from Salinger)
What is different between "for" and "to"?
"Best regards" vs. "Best Regards"
"Get charged" vs. "get charge", "got charged" vs. "gets charged"
Is this usage of "vary" correct?
Can different languages "have different grammars", or do they "differ in their grammar"?
"To your left" versus "on your left"
Is it better to have "become" in "make somebody (become) more mature"?
How can I know the correct pronunciation of any word?
Book Recommendations Re: accessible English Tenses System
Past participle of verbs that end in r - When do you add an extra r?
What does the sign mean: this sidewalk to be closed on or about
"for" in "I like for you to be still"
Life is where my heart is - "where" in the right place?
Can "however" and "but" be used interchangeably?
What does 'until' mean here?
No one who I know
What's the referent of this 'which'?
Word choice when solving math problem
What do you think of it / How do you think of it?
Is "Failed to ..." grammatical?
"Department A in/at/of School of B in/at/of University C"?
one size bigger
“To God Be The Glory”
"a" in "(a) short/long time"
Publish a paper "in" or "on" a conference proceedings, or journal
How to parse and understand the sentence in bold?
How many affixes are there in the word "innocuous"?
"There would need to be excavation down from the street"
What is the meaning of the sentence in bold? How to analyze its tense
Reference Time, Coordinating Conjunctions and Past Simple/Perfect Tense
Is it grammatically correct to use "be" in this context
"of" or "in" in this situation
Different nuance between "on + (Object)'s order" , "by + (Object)'s order"
"Really + (Object)" vs "Really just +(Object)"
When we touch an animal it is "pet" or "pat"?
Be sure to [Verb] Vs Make sure to [Verb]
Is this use of "Whenever" ... "So" correct?
Of this most disgraceful imputation
"The links are not working" vs. "the links don't work"
Before the days of the mobile phone (a marker for past/past perfect simple)
Is it correct to say, "This dress attracts me the most?"
Alluding to already Narrated Past Simple events in Past Perfect
Is "To get you to know me better" grammatically correct?
'I am alone' vs 'I am lonely'
Present Perfect as Reference Time (RT)?
Past Simple vs Past Continuous (with for/because)
Cutaway Past Perfect in Narrative Discourse vs. Past Simple
"Come in, and we'll hospitalize you!"
"all the same" = [ all the + same + (?) ]; "the best" = [ the + best + (?) ]?
"Forever we shall be" means?
How can I respond to this situation?
How to reply to thank you from worker who takes orders in restaurant?
why numbered list is called ol in web?
"at which time" vs. "at what time"
Usage of "a little bit" in "Can we postpone the interview a little bit?"
How should I answer 'Happy New Year'?
Is "so" considered informal?
How to analyze the phrase "having to deal with other man" in context grammatically?
What do you call the water that has been used to boil something?
What to call someone who does not sleep much
Meaning of 'narrative', 'expectations for' - about Charlie Chaplin
How to understand the "what" in this sentence?
Who saw him die?
Is my interpretation of these correct?
What's the meaning of "rush everything in"?
Subject + Verb + being... vs Subject + Verb + having been (past tense)
"like to be..." vs. "like being..." (and why?)
Go into the wrapper of bygone time
Using “she” pronoun to refer to a ship
Is there a good alternative for "passion" in "my passion in some subject is ignited"?
Confused with the correct pattern to use noun clauses
What is the difference between cleaning and cleansing?
Which one is right: "somebody's else" or "somebody else's"?
Totes my goats! What the heck does this mean?
How should I interpret "off some wall" in this sentence?
Left, Has Left or Is Left?
Is putting -able to any verb allowed?
Direct answer to an indirect question in the past
How should I respond to a request to join our team?
Use of the subjunctive versus conditional mood
differences between "by" and "through" on a network
Why is the present simple tense used for an event that is in the future?
is this usage of 'likely to' correct?
Questions about grammar in sentences
Is it correct to use "build" in the headline "The safest Olympic Stadium build ever"?
meaning of 'retail vertical'
It's been a long time since I (went/have been) to Canada
Nuance of waiting
need be made vs need to be made
yet and nevertheless together
What is the difference between curly braces and curly brackets?
Is there any oxymoron word for the word "oxymoron"?
Lots of Email or Lot of Emails?
Someone who constantly learns?
Can I use "chances" instead of "odds" in this sentence?
What does "a priori" mean?
Using knocking and knock
How do you ask: "What's/are the cookies like?"
Is this sentence grammatically correct? Anything missing?
Origin of "Let the cat out of the bag"
How to say "the answer to your question is:" shortly
"interested" or "interesting" in this context
Use of "were to" in English grammar
earth sciences or Earth sciences
A room serving the role of a tiny hospital
What does "But, hell..." mean?
Is the sentence “I'm not doing that because I hate you" ambiguous?
What does the phrase "minimum of introspection or self-analysis" mean in this sentence?
What's the meaning of "offer" in this definition of "present"?
Past or present tense for something that happened in the past as a lesson to me?
What does this part "might equally well have done" mean?
Finding something "through" the internet or "in" the internet?
Structure for "you'll be the first to get informed"
Why use “ing” in word playing?
Confusion on preposition following “report”
What is my co-worker asking?
What does this "refine" mean here?
Which are the most reliable pronunciation guidelines?
Is there any word in English to ask for "whichth"?
Family do or does?
How to ask about using up some kind of food: "Did we finish the Jam?"
What does 'right' mean here?
How to describe the following scenario in English without referring to any figure?
What does this 'make up to' mean?
Can "Monday", "Tuesday" be plural like "Mondays" or "Tuesdays"?
"(a) few hundred people", "(a) few hundreds of people"?
Using Also and as
What does "permitting a beauty mark to be dabbed on their faces" mean?
to play in octaves (on a piano)
"make" and "do" - how to make sure you take the right one?
earth; the earth
What does "gifts and curses" mean?
What is the difference between "being" and "having been" in this context?
Using 's instead of are with plurals in informal speech
What's the meaning of "....don't you black or white me"
Close Vs Closed and Open Vs. Opened
Do we always use a verb word after 'make'?
Should we always use "verb+ ing" structure after the verb "start"?
Simple past vs past progressive in as/while/when-clauses
"logistically very difficult" phrase
Word for "stickiness due to viscous liquids"
Is this a fused relative?
In a lamp flickered "on", what does "on" mean?
Is this 'interfering' an adjective or a verb?
Meaning of "so divergent and even contradictory as to all but baffle definition"
What's the time reference for this would?
What does 'terms' mean in the context?
What does "thing" mean in "this is the thing"?
Under what circumstances does a proper noun (of a person) take the definite article 'the'?
Yes, I live; Yes, I do live; or Yes, I do?
What's the meaning of “entasked with”?
Is this a grammatical error?
Confusion regarding the usage of "till" and "until"
Convert constuction 'she is standing behind B ' to interrogative expression?
What does "that of" mean
The use of the gerund in this sentence
What does "yet" at the end of a sentence mean?
What does 'talk a blue streak' mean in this movie?
"I would so much like to thank you" or "I would like to thank you so much"?
What are the differences between indemnity, indemnification and compensation?
Casual in "business casual": a noun or an adjective?
What are "brushes" in this context?
"cast a shadow on someone's heart"
What "subzero temperature" mean? Is it below zero F or below zero C?
at the moment (in past tense context)
"so think of him/her on" Tuesday
How to parse "they get the help they are demanding to reach their potential"?
Meaning of "pioneers" in the sentence
'Yet' in present simple
"For the best part of a generation" - meaning
Is this "that" part of "on the grounds that?"
Is my interpretation of "would not seem so" correct?
The meaning of stressing the word "is"
Why Listen to Music, why not Listening Music
Why is the word *the* necessary?
Difference between “is” and “it is” in a sentence
Do you need help (or _a_ help) in Biology or Chemistry? Join our Tutoring Club! (article use)
Please do call me vs. Please call me
why this sentence is wrong?
I will call you vs. I would call you
What is the meaning of this credit card information?
Is there a word in English meaning "see something incorrectly"?
close to forty-five thousand people
How can I tell my manager that I completed the work he assigned?
"rob...from..." or "rob...of..."
What does the idiom "think nothing of" mean?
Is making of 'right doing' into 'rightdoing' acceptable in a formal speech/writing?
Why 'brought out' rather than simply 'brought'?
What's the meaning of "routine" in this context?
I don't know which is correct in this sentence, "rose" or "raised"
Can infinitive marker, to, be categorized into two meanings?
How do we split a two-words verb in a sentence if the object is a bit descriptive?
"Their money was not earned easily."
How does the word "ever" change the meaning of these sentences?
"Rambling" versus "Babbling"?
fill the empty box with correct word
“what” questions
What is the meaning of these two statements?
"Cherish" or "treasure" an opportunity?
Unconventional usage of "way"
What is the word for a policy taking effect?
Is "successful" correct in this context?
Why author said "debugger is a neutral frame of reference" in Software Exorcism?
these organizations or those organizations?
Can a customer be loyal or regular?
Over the Internet or On the Internet?
How to describe my "pistachios accident"?
That I couldn't identify her was no more a surprise than that she should know me
Does "that's that" always mean "end of discussion"?
What does "however" mean in this sentence?
And I feel I know nothing about you - beyond your name that is
Is "head of the heads" right?
Nor there if they yet mock what women meant / who gave them flowers
Can someone be an administrator of a festival?
"educational and communication opportunities"
Is there a usage like "come do something"?
What's the meaning of "in the 90s"
apply my knowledge to "improve" or "improving" something?
Which of the following is a phrase fragment?
Starting a sentence with "would that..."
"I wouldn't bother writing this email if I {didn't / don't} treasure our friendship"
Should there be "the" in "Agriculture depends on (the) weather"?
"hover over" or "hover above"?
"going to be doing" vs "going to do"
Difference between the two positions of comma used?
"work from" or "work in"
What's the meaning of idiom 'one less thing'?
"Authoritative" vs. "Authorative"
Supplier consolidation and discipline driving prices up? The meaning of 'consolidation and discipline'
Meaning of the word "FOR" used at the beginning of a sentence
simple past vs. past perfect
Difference between "across" and "through"
Usage of the word ignorant
Can "straightforward" be replaced by "straight" in this case?
Listed "last week" or "Past 7 days"
Would you replace "like" with some other word in writing "I like the fact that something can be helpful"?
Is there semantic difference between this shan't and won't?
What's the meaning and usage of “Speak with your feet”?
"Area of interest": a physical area or a research area?
Past or present tense and why
What's the meaning and usage of “Let's keep in touch”?
"Over three occasions" – How many times?
What are the cultural references in "go back to Jersey you bum" in the Planes 2013 Movie?
If you were or if you are?
'that soon' instead of 'how soon' is correct?
Could you simplify the highlighted parts of this short passage?
Is "And you!" a valid alternative to "You too!"?
"would not have been happened" vs "would have not been happened"
Does the following sentence have redundancy?
“Life that means you” or “life that mean for you”?
Transferring vs Transferred
What kind of adverbs can modify another adverb?
The use of "Would have not been" and "Would not have been" in English Grammar
What are the meanings of the phrases or the sentences in bold? And how to parse them?
What does aesthetic mean?
"You can expect..." is that "can" necessary?
Is "planify" a real word?
Present Perfect Contracted Negative Forms such as "He hasn't" vs "He's not" + (past participle, been+present participle)
What is correct when "increase or decrease" is a passive?
Some current alternatives to the old-fashioned "Mark My Words"
revising sentence with more clear explanation
Break down a sentence into few simple sentences
Reformulating a sentence with a more clear idea
Is the language of the Notice grammatically correct or not?
The meaning of "strewn" in this context
The meaning of "even as"
What does “particular enumeration” mean in this sentence?
at the remove of nearly seventy years - should "even" be inserted at the front?
What does "even" mean here?
What does this sentence mean in this context here?
When is last Tuesday if it's Wednesday
Who vs Whom. Which one is appropriate?
I don't have a problem [with] asking for help
Can we say "She has a black car. She goes to school by the car?"
Should "mathematics" be capitalized in the following examples?
What does "the decidedly inauthentic modern Steinway" mean here?
Watching Cartoons vs Watching Cartoon
"save some cost"
Is "with a sword" an adverbial of means or a postpositive attributive which modify "the enemy"?
Paraphrase for 'Recover your senses'
I'm going to the SHOPS vs I'm going to the STORE (UK vs. US)
should go vs should get going
How could it had happened vs How could it have happened
Past Simple versus Past Perfect Simple: why use a Past Simple for an action anterior to another?
Why "I had/got my car repaired." but "I had someone repair my car." and "I got someone to repair my car."?
How to tell a professor "I read your paper and I enjoyed to read it"?
She continued to say, "no" (should there be a comma here?)
What does it mean?
Is this sentence grammatically incorrect?
"What any muscle or a group of muscles (do - does) is change energy to motion"
How to pronounce "locked out"
Pls explain what exactly this "Priority Seat" represents
Does "a reply of sorts" mean "a sort of reply"?
What's the meaning of "day six"?
Use of "were" and "would" in past tense
What does "has been taken in" mean?
“So fast went the bus”
What's the meaning of "gun shy" and "come back in here"?
Present Perfect Simple with (after) instead of (since), grammatical?
A planned group of especially political, business, or military activities that are intended to achieve a particular aim
What's the meaning of "take their word for it"?
"Getting something decreased" or "decrease something?"
What does "leave somebody free to do something" mean?
What's the proper style to write a company's name followed by Inc?
Please explain what this "Priority Seat" represents
Construction of Past tense in English
"All you left with is nothing" vs "All you are left with is nothing"
Is there an inversion in "placed as we were"?
Proper usage of the word since
What is the opposite of "busy schedule"?
Articles in the phrase "This led to revolt and war"
“allow to determine” or “allow determining”
"India has" or "India have"
What is the word that best suits this context?
Definite article before "geeky people"
What does "club strip" mean?
What do these 'settle it' mean?
What exactly makes a dramatic story?
Sentence construction using would
Ambiguity of the idiom - "A friend in need is a friend indeed."
What does 'made him right away' mean?
What do mean word "being"?
Free Your Positive/Negative Energy - Which one means what?
"the example below" or "the below example"?
What would you call the paper you work out your math on?
What do you call fireworks that bang?
Understanding “Later I was to appreciate how far it fell short of the reality”
What does "from year to year" mean?
Use of “never” with “have”
When to use 'That'?
What is meant by disturbing in this context
Can we help someone remotely?
Participle phrase order in the sentence
Splitting 'has been' in English grammar
Rest Peacefully Vs. Rest in Peace
Is the use of "one of the" correct in the following context?
which is the correct form?
infinitive and noun as object in a sentence
The first time when something happens in the future
"We have been until the last month" Present Perfect Simple + until + last month?
Can anything 'beta' be permanent or for longer period?
What does "... and all" means?
Is this constuction common/usual? present perfect + until + present simple
What does "unless" mean here?
What does "maximum should be at least" mean?
"Agree with the writer", but "Agree to/with this answer"?
Using "which" instead of "that", one out of two : could a reader see this?
A colloquial name for juice boxes
"I only teach you" vs. "I teach only you" vs. "I teach you only"
"by" searching or "with" searching?
What's the negative statement for "used to"?
How to pronounce this phrase
What is more appropriate for the word "time"?
Is this sentence correct grammatically?
Question in the past perfect and answer using "would"
The action of getting bite-sized pieces of bread
verbal English, oral English, and spoken English
"I did my best to do something" or "I did my best doing something"?
What does "as you might expect" mean?
describing contents inside a table
How to say that something is worthy
revising sentence in a more meaningful way
How do I respond to my Professor's email, wherein he has mistaken my gender?
Student's Book vs. Student Book
What is to the last as the rest to the first?
Use of Had Been in English Sentence
What is the difference between "tedious to" and "tedious for"?
Is "get benefits" correct in this context?
Is a comma needed before "between"?
question about future that not happened now
Something related to/comes from our wisdom?
are there two predicate verbs in the sentence?
"It is not well" or "it is not good"?
Can a pro-verb be followed by a noun phrase?
What's the meaning of "his day"?
Is the usage of "if" correct here?
'Going to come' Vs. Plain 'Come'
What's the plural of project in-charge?
If there isn't one, we do/we'll do - zero and first conditional constructions
What is an appropriate sentence for this problem?
I'm positive that vs I strongly believe that
“Cultural” vs. “culture” in this context
master's degree vs master degree
Adjective or verb?
anyone vs someone. Which one?
huge or large. Which one should I use?
Thank you for your continued support or continuous support?
Is there a need to use "the" in following sentences?
How to write items in a list
Is each word correctly grouped with words of a similar vowel sounds?
What is a different way to say "I choose this because..."
Meaning of "Christians should think about the humility, poverty and simplicity of the birth of Jesus Christ"
"Stay home" or "stay at home" – which is correct and why?
Decline or Reject?
What is correct form in particular context: Data has been OR is written
when do we use 's in a phrase
Which word is correct, "existed", "existent" or "existing"?
With the phone ringing: "I don't know who it is" or "I don't know who they are"?
Which is right? "In last section" or "in the last section"
in/on/of which and other variations
"Do you know of any" usage
Awake or Awaken Which one is correct?
In Academic writing: usage of OF
The meaning of "slot"
Best word for skill measurement
Asking a person for their name
What does "Significant Other" mean in Wheel of Life?
What's the meaning of "entertain" in this definition?
Is "a circular pond which is seen oval from in front" right?
Rule of "most of something"
Why 'the' is required in these sentences?
Should here add a preposition?
When to use 'one' instead of indefinite article 'a'?
What is the difference between "general" and "generic"?
How to say that a movement is not linear
An update (for,in,of) the given time slots?
"Ones" after the numeral
Changing a sentence to be more formal
What does mean "both" in this sentence?
What does "You tell him!" mean?
In formal writing, when to use bullets and when the numbers?
Difference between nonconformity and inconformity?
How to pronounce "commenter"
Colloquial name for "natural fibre ropes"; picture included
Tarmac or Pavement (US English)
Since with had been (the past perfect tense)
A verb to describe a "Power Cut"
What does "neat" mean in this definition?
How to pronounce "sixth"
How to use "implementation(s)" in a sentence
Meaning of "Here" changes the idea of whole procedure or / not?
Question for past progressive with while
Meaning and construction of “no way I could have …”
What's the meaning of "hand out" and "fliers of a woman" in this sentence?
Past Simple or Present Perfect: Tried or Have Tried
Terminology about cooking meat on a rod over a fire
the Capital and Small Letter in Title
What's the meaning of "out" here?
What's the meaning of "nods" here?
It's so word-nerdy it hurts?
Transforming 'Long live the King!' into a question - is it possible to keep the same meaning?
How to end a congratulation message, beside the 'Congratulations!'?
"All I could recall beyond that was"
use of "to". Is it correct?
"Don't take my water, it is …" after touching the bottle with my mouth when I'm ill
is it grammatically correct? two -ing words together
Past paticiple or Simple past
How do I use "also" in a sentence?
Omitting a word when it referring to two actions
Meaning of "such" in 'such is the son' (Homer's Odyssey)
Why is the word "that" used here?
"finally as it seemed to me" -- what is "as it seemed"?
Is or Are with OR?
How to understand the phrase "about her" in bold?
How to understand the sentence in bold? Is it a correct sentence?
Why should we use the preposition "to" not "on" in "What happened to you?"
How to parse the tense of the sentence in bold?
Can "doubt" be used in this sense?
What should we greet a person at 10 o'clock in the night?
'put on hold' or 'kept on hold'
Can "expertises" as a plural form be used?
Grab me a/that glass/cup vs. Bring me a/that glass/cup
"things are not working yet" vs. "things do not work yet"
What is this phrase?
“is” vs “it’s” after conjunctions
What is this “much”?
why "was" is used in Perfect past tense?
The meaning of “that” in “. . . and that enabling it does . . .”
'especially' vs. 'particularly'
Is the following question correct? "Does copying the book's figure for my dissertation fits the copyright?"
What is the purpose of active and passive voice?
What is the meaning of the word "context"?
Is “are of very” grammatically correct?
What is the full sentence of 'X to the rescue'?
"I have sent it to X too" vs. "I have sent it to X also"
Change the voice of "The rose smells sweet"
Enhancing unclear sentence
"Try and" versus "Try to"?
'What about the reverse' is correct?
Idiomatic way to say "doing something for somebody"
repeating "your" in a list?
Analyzing "So am I"
What does it mean "completely accountless clearing"?
How do you pronounce a Qur'an citation?
What does this ing part mean?
What is this "the"?
what is "that" for in this sentence?
"Who named X, that?" or "Who named X, X"?
The simple past tense vs. the simple present tense
Is it correct to say it like this?
How to say "I finished my working day" in a simpler way?
Using the word "the" with a university name
What's the meaning of "be with my share of women"?
What do we call that green coloured substance inside our nose in English
What does it mean "... the economy goes arse over tit."?
Can I say: "He is carving way into there?"
Is this "had" necessary?
Is this participial phrase a dangling participle?
“Don’t say” vs. “let’s don’t talk about it” vs. “let’s not talk about it”
What does "what it takes for..." mean?
What kind of sentence constituent of "good night"
How to understand "if only" in this sentence?
How to say "a small and not so important question" concisely?
small vs smaller. Which one is correct?
Apostrophe. Is it correct to use it here?
Usage of Active Voice without subject
usage of was in simple past
How can we use the noun "canoe" as a verb here?
How is it correct? like vs do like
The feeling of pissed off combined with enviousness
"Send me that" or "Send that"
Which is correct in the following sentences, them or ones?
Any person convicted of a violation of this section shall forfeit to the United States irrespective of any provision of State law
Modification of sentences
"Iran Tourism" or "Iranian tourism"
Hold back + preposition
Help me to complete this list
"convert myself to mathematics"
"What does she look like?" vs. "How does she look like?"
How to avoid multiple "of-phrases" in one sentence?
"by ruled by another" or "be ruled by another"
Meaning the "of" clause in a sentence?
How to parse this sentence with "not only……but also"? I wonder whether it is a fixed sentence pattern
Difference between "document" and "documentation"
What's the meaning of "get me"?
Does the word "do" have a meaning of "study"?
Can I say "What should be doing these days?" or is that wrong?
“Everybody goes crazy”. Is the sentence correct?
Using question mark in a sentence connecting a question and a statement
Is the world "trolling" used in a negative way or positive way?
Usage of different prepositions after 'common'
Where to use 'entire' and where 'whole'?
Each person have or has? And about "it"?
What does this "The" mean?
Saxon genitive usage
No more than [a time expression here]
Mistaking versus mistaken
How do I say that something was decreased and became X times less?
Is the usage of "good fit" correct, in these sentences?
Resist meaning. What does it mean here?
Use of the word "understanding"
which or where in this context?
because or while?
word choices related to Personal Protective Equipment
How do you ask someone (politely) to clean up the room using a vacuum cleaner?
past perfect in a paragraph that is set in the present simple tense
past perfect continuous
For which verbs is past perfect necessary?
Does the word "see" have a meaning of "serve"?
What's the meaning of "parlor suite"?
"lining up" or "lined up"
I or Me, which is correct in the sentence "My wife insisted I go."?
'Convicted the Hung' - Right?
Connected 'with it / to it'?
I would have seen to it that I won
The use of "or" after negative verbs
Bigger than any other city in/of the world
'I had headache' or 'I had a headache'?
Is this sentence correct on articles?
Does an uncountable noun take an article if it has an adjective before it?
Are the feelings always a noun?
'late for school' or 'late for the school'?
Is the usage of the word 'resounding' correct here?
how far does it take, or how long does it take?
Using another word instead of "in other words" in a sentence
Please help me figure out the best way to talk about "negligence"
What noun is appropriate to use in this sentence?
How to improve or get rid of an Indian English Accent?
What's the meaning of "raise" in this context?
What verb is appropriate to use for dream?
Funky weasel is jiggy wit it
What role does this it take?
Is "schwa" sound voiced or unvoiced sound?
What does this quote of Hemingway mean?
Which of these sentences is better?
Is lesser mortals a right word?
How and when can we use the word "diminish"?
Relancer un client (recontact a customer about a quote for which no anwer was received)
Asking 'the pleasure of your company' in an invitation
What does this get mean?
Progressed vs Advanced
Is "Her maiden name is not either Atkins or Perkins." correct?
Should I use puzzling or puzzled?
the much..the more/ as much more..as much more/the more .. the more?
Present continuous / simple present
Verb after "would you mind..?"
which sentence is correct?
What's the word for prejudicing, stereotyping or discrimination against men?
Plural of Nouns or Plurals of Noun
Using "could" in a sentence
The difference between sentences mentioned here
How would I best simplify “engaged in quickly and properly by everyone”?
Why do we say 'in the air', not 'in air'?
"In what forms of training do you participate in/to"
Difference between “was seated” and “was sitting”
What does "deliver" mean in this context?
Confusion with superlative degree
"The English grammar" or "English grammar"
Is my use of "natural" correct?
"Take on your enemies" – What does that mean?
What is Difference between Have to and Should?
Question about the term "hand down"?
Lend and borrow
"In Thursday's ruling" Could you simplify it?
Do finite verbs *usually* or *always* agree with their subjects?
What is this "to?"
uses of with, at, of
Should I use "at the end of" or "in the end of" in this sentence?
Is there a name for the part before the theme song in a tv series?
Exercise from a test
Which sentence is wrong?
meaning of "for the person she was"?
Question about "might like" vs. "would like"
Asking about how someone is feeling
What's the differences between 'get it right' and 'make it right'?
What does "for oneself" mean here?
Built-in, In-built, Inbuilt and Builtin - I'm confused
What is the correct way to compare two dates and say which is recent?
What does "bullet biting" mean?
Use of “have had” in a conditional sentence
"wasn't" vs "weren't"
How to identify the sound of an "A" without altering the spelling of the word?
Programming with or in Java
I found these mistakes in the English news
Should we use an article (a, the) before Business (noun)
Does this symbol /æ/ mean two sounds?
Is there any term used to denote singular and plural form
Going into detail after stating the fact of a past experience
What's the difference between fork out/over/up?
What's the difference between a restaurant and an eatery?
Talking about the same day
"and somebody" as an appositive
Are "disabilities" and "ones" grammatically correct in this context?
How many of your "breathe" you took for granted so far?
What's the meaning of "take forever"?
What's the meaning of hit play?
Use of "did" in English grammar
Is using 'What' in a short answer of 'Identifying' something correct?
Meaning of sentence using "Will"
"This book *reads* very well."
Is the phrase 'the best out of bests' correct?
"talk money" or "talk about money"
Is "You are top ninja" grammatically correct?
'Referred to as' or 'Referred as'?
Short email reply
What's the meaning of "ever" here?
How to Describe About Exam Performance
what does this sentence mean?
What's the meaning of the word "for" here?
Simple present tense VS present perfect tense
The usage of conditional with the pairs “neither/nor” and “either /or”
How to explain the phrase "set up" here?
Is "as fast" a kind of abbreviation?
Word meaning of the "so" and "that"
"Is" vs "has been" in English
I don't understand the meaning of a phrase: "elections are all there is to democracy"
What do we call the question underpinning a thesis or research?
Should I use "has X years old" or "is X years old"?
Is 'Additionally, I would like to inform you that the room I want to rent for two people' grammatically correct?
A rare use of "have to"?
What's the meaning of "run in"
Is the sentence correct?
A word to describe a plain house which also implies admiration
What's the meaning of "in all of creation"?
Why a passive form could not be correct for this sentence?
How to describe this plot?
Idiom to be used as replacement of "A coin has two sides"
Use of "having" in English
What does (sic) mean?
"more than pack" or "more than packing"
Is it "a 5% discount", or "5% discount"
The indefinite article a/an
'He does more than just "fool" or "fooling" around?'
"wait on" or "wait for"?
Is the usage of "spell" here inaccurate?
What is the keywords of major contributor of a project?
Goal "for" or Goal "of"?
missing commas between coordinate adjectives?
Why "would" instead of "will" in this sentence?
Can we use "with no" rather than "without"?
What's the meaning of "turn up" in this context?
"a passing similarity"
Use of "From where" and "Where from"
The usage of a grammatical construction
Which word is correct word in that situation?
Is it correct to say "news besides someplace"?
Why do not we use 's for "government departments"?
Starting sentence with "at"?
Is this question grammatically correct?
What is the (TM) of "do the Right Thing(TM)"?
Is 'The customer having left, ...' a dangling participle?
What is the right tense for this?
Article after 'and' and 'or'
What are "marginal conditions"?
"put them to bed" or "put them to a (the) bed"?
Difference between "is added" and "was added"
"Just like everyone has their own features but they are nearly the same."
Is it correct to use "no love lost" to describe hostility in one direction only?
What does "a final step for a period to be agreed upon" mean?
"All items have weight one" or "All items have weights one"
How do you spell professors when you include more than one professor in a sentence?
Smile creep: What does this "creep" mean?
Should we use "a" or "the" before date
What is the difference between account and profile?
Is the sentence "That is my black cat (that) you are after" an emphatic sentence?
What's the meaning of the "as"
The river bank is fully covered with reeds or?
Transformation of Sentences
When does 'lack' need an article?
What's the meaning of "in [...] respect"?
"Why had you to" or "why did you have to"
"for medical students to study" vs. "for the study of medical students"
"It is almost the reverse that is true" - Weird?
The meaning of 'where' in "Your secondary mode is external, where you deal with things rationally and logically"
Why "with" here - My mother told me about these visits with Ruth and their worries
Reduce redundancy in this sentence
Can vs. Could in the reply "It can/could be in the car"
Person from/for/with/at organization
What does "so far, so good" mean
"recently" and present continuous tense
How to use "more" properly
Meaning of the sentence
How to make *developing tourism* unambiguous?
What does this misleading sentence mean?
Joining two sentences. I wrote six versions, but not satisfied
"see the example below for understanding" versus "see the example below to understand"
When to use the nominative and the accusative?
What's the meaning of "across the pond"?
What's the meaning of "spin it"?
Usage of articles
What is the difference between "three of them" and "the three of them"?
Difference between "use X to do Y" and "use X for doing Y"
"Because of" and "Due to" after adjective
How rude is it to "spit" on somebody?
Usage of “hardly”
Can these two words 'While' and 'though' be used in the same sentence?
Usage of Disinterested vs. uninterested
Preposition after "be done"
How to pronounce ch/j sounds
What does "I know who I want to take me home." mean in "Closing Time" song?
May I replace the "function" with "pattern" in this particular case?
“It” vs. “that”
Which of the following is correct?
Why is `enjoy to [verb]` incorrect
Help with homework
Which is more correct, "while on the road" or "when on the road"?
What does promising in (promising scholars) mean?
Is it better using “has been reported” to replace "is reported" in the sentence?
'I wish' and counterfactual
How to confine the negative scope?
What's a preferred alternative to the phrase 'do the needful'?
What does a sentence/title take (from 'em', 'en', dashes or 'colon') at the end while describing the list or some content?
Is this sentence "It is not not made by hand " correct?
Do masked expletives take the same special characters or different?
"buzz building" & "pull a scoop on"
How to parse and understand the following sentences?
Is this usage of "keep" possible?
Latent rule’s meaning
What is difference between compensate and recompense?
How to parse the sentence?
How to distinguish "are" and "aren't" in American accent?
What does 'staggering than 'X' amount' mean?
Should I translate names of foreign company or organisations to English?
I am a male or I am male? Which one is correct?
What does (within one month of the last day of the period of the suspension) mean?
How to describe a future event?
How do I choose the most proper word from several synonyms?
What is a "pulpy orange"?
Melancholy and Melancholic
infinitive with to as a noun modifier
But who knew how realistic that was
"as green" or "with green": which one is correct?
Does `remembered to do` imply doing it
to afford *doing* something
"make a request of" or "make a request to"
Are there words missing from these phrases?
Is "a major years' " wrong?
How to understand "to" in bold?
How to understand "per capita"?
How to understand the phrase "stand to gain"?
Two times "may" in a sentence
Is a false myth a truth by definition?
Proper usage of 'to do so'
Polite way to explain not answering a call
Is there a rule for when the suffix -ian is one syllable long, when two?
Adverbs at the beginning of a sentence
Differences "so-called" and "called"
Usage of "Hey you!"
What should I understand by "try outlook"?
"would prefer to have" v. "would have preferred to"
Past Simple and Past Perfect in "I would rather"
Everyone vs their
Partitioning with overlap
Do you use "like walking" or "like to walk"?
What is the meaning of "clocking" in this sentence?
Can I start a sentence with "Besides" just followed by a comma?
How would you translate this idiomatic phrase?
Using right and righteous
give the facility a pat on the wall
The summer training or (just) summer training
How do you pronounce names?
What does "casual and bold" mean?
The Meaning of Its
"Take me through the mud"
"Joining someone for a drink" vs "Joining someone in a drink"
John is making his daughter?
"be used" v. "get used"
Kids word for "lights shoes" (shoes that light up)
"in more better way" vs "more in better way"
stop (from) doing
How to concisely express 'at many place' similar to somewhere, nowhere and everywhere?
Is it normal to use "Indian" as a noun?
Constructing a sentence
Questions in reported speech from direct speech
I've never *been* sailing
Which preposition should I use: BY or WITH
What does "over his milk" mean?
“This is my first visit of the USA”
Expressing the "counting of something"
Get it? vs Got it?
Usage of "Buttocks"
What does "a satisfactory conclusion the UN Security Councilˈs consideration of this matter" mean?
"How'd I come here?" vs "How did I come here?"
Can "multiply" be a noun?
How are you/ how were you?
What's the meaning of "pool" in this context?
Does "so that" need modals?
Are "mist" and "missed" really pronounced exactly the same in English?
the first to do
Is this resume sentence too much of a run-on?
Why aren't currency names capitalized?
Parsing this sentence containing a "when" clause
Meaning of "Modes of inquiry"
There should be an article (A or The)
Can we use "to" before home, if we are using determiners (her, my, your etc.) before home?
"record amounts" and "only possible because"
Other meaning of "Get in"
what is the meaning of "an unbranded greeting"?
Using the hypothetical and non standard word "manywhere"
"here's our app as it currently stands"
Remove "there are" to improve sentence
How can I make this sentence better?
What does this "electric" mean and function here?
What accent shoud a foreigner use in an English-speaking country, if the foreigner can do most accents?
Can I say "vector sizes"?
Comparison "give a try" and "try"
What does *picked 'em up down South* mean?
If B require A, then we said A ??? B?
What does *a batter with three balls and no strikes on him* mean?
Difference between submit & send
How to parse "I speak well of him"?
two conditions in one sentence using would
Can I use "It helps having a good imagination" instead of "It helps to have..."?
How to parse this sentence?
Is this sentence 100% correct by using the gerund？
Approaching people beyond poverty
Vote for some party/person or Vote party/person?
How to effectively frame a sentence describing one's project in a resume?
Should I change "nevertheless" in this sentence?
quality product or product quality
no *the* in "from beginning to end"
Sentence correctness
Can "walk away" be used in the situation where the person does not actually walk?
The Number of the Verb
What does "cry fie" mean?
Is this usage of nouns possible?
How do I use the word "stagger" correctly?
How else can I convey the following: sorry for repeating myself?
take a long time vs take a while
"Do the needful" -- Why is it used instead of asking a question?
“Did” vs. “had done”
"tiger's numbers keep growing“ vs ”tigers' number keeps growing“
What does "A is recognized over B" mean? Is it a correct expression?
Can 'anti' be applied to anything? Verb, Noun, Adjective, Adverb?
What's "that strength"?
Can I use "whether" instead of "if" in this sentence?
"I have ever been to New York. "Is this sentence correct?
Is it correct to use "at" while telling your age?
Why "facility i" but "the edge j"
I think an article (a/the) has been missing here
Which term is the most fitting: threshold, limit, maximum?
Is this a correct sentence? "I often give in to her."
Differences in meaning when the verb tense changes (headlines)
Meaning of sentence
What does “but” mean?
Is there a verb for a town made into a city?
Comma problem in a long sentence (not only ~ but also)
How does "about" change a sentence?
When to use in or at the flat?
What is the correct interpretation of *transparent*?
Can I use "which" instead of "that" in these sentences?
Are "because of" and "due to" interchangable?
Popular shows feature artists designing ...
What kind of sentence constituent is "a little"?
The meaning of the phrases or sentences in bold?
"I think there are some deeper things going on to do . . ."
Business conversation by emails: should I say hello in each email?
How do you pronounce "These sad ..."
What is the meaning of the bold part?
How do I use the word 'Software' as plural?
On the market or In the market?
What do 'present things/places' take when they are described in past? Is/Was?
What does “there” refer to?
Sentence construction: "so angry as to"
Can I say "think down" as an alternative of "look down"?
Information or Informations?
Is "After the Japanese student graduate from ...." grammatical?
How do I parse the sentence "Here you are"?
What does "snake the cab line" mean?
combining sentences containing "Will be"
What is the meaning of "all the way up" , and what is the function of "up" here?
Is "swap" the right word for moving files?
What does "His soap box doubles as a tee box" mean?
"How it works?" vs. "How does it work?"
What is omitted here?
Can a movie "picture a question"?
"leaning up against the wall" vs "leaning against the wall"
Prepositional phrase modifies another prepositional phrase? Or both modify the verb?
What does ‘by’ mean?
Where to put 'soon'
Is this grammatically correct to use if outside?
"See somebody do" and "see somebody doing"
Is it grammatically correct to say? (Being vs. Been)
what's the meaning of "and they are only that"
Which is correct: member / user / customer?
Reducing the adverbial particle and the NP1 and "to be"
What does "seasoning" mean here?
The Netherlands or just Netherlands in parenthetical constructions
is it correct to say 'though" in this sentence
Word for something that is true only at a specific period in time
Meaning of "Get to"
What's the meaning of "finish dead last"?
Empire versus imperial
Is it correct to use "was" right after a "had?"
When do we use "distemper" instead of "disorder"?
When to use an article before "reason"
Meaning of "get” here
Is it correct to use “to” in “recommend to me studying”?
Rewrite a paragraph more sophisticated
Confused about When to Use “these” and “those”
What does "more often" mean?
What does "The results speak for themselves" mean?
What does "note of strain" mean?
"Knocked out of the box"
usage of relative pronoun *which*
How to translate "to be mean"?
Which is the correct sentence?
Should it be "without scarf" or "without a scarf"?
What's the meaning of domestic transfer?
Using contribute instead of using contributing in a sentence
"complement the pity that"
What is the difference between "engage" and "deploy"？
Help me parse this sentence
Correcting the sentence
Is it possible to remove subject relative pronouns? How?
It is difficult for me to understand 'of'
Is this phrase grammatically correct: "Look, there is a little me and little all of uses!"
He's 16 and she's 14.
What is the difference between "with" and "within"?
Quality of being unsafe to anyone who doesn't know what they are doing and rewarding to anyone who does
Improving the sentence if there is a need
What's the meaning of 'about' in this sentence?
I couldn't catch it, but what is wrong with this sentence?
I don't understand 'live off'
Can I use "catch" as "succeed"?
How can I say that I admire someone?
Some questions about "sign onto carve a canal"
What will be the correct preposition for the blank?
How to understand and parse the phrase in bold?
Fill in the blank with the correct preposition
"Not" vs "and not"
How to understand and parse this long sentences with so many attributive clauses?
What's the meaning of "out" in "build out"?
What does "the most" in bold refer to?
"if the train was leaving" vs. "if the train were leaving" (indicative vs. subjunctive): difference in meaning
What is the meaning of the sentence in bold?
What does "choke too loudly" mean?
What does *the procedure would have made an awkward loop in the straight thread of his casualness and he had abandoned* it mean?
How to express the body organs in pair with exclamation?
Confusion about the verb 'welcome'`
What is an alternative word for saying "A new trend in technology" or "Trending technology"
Should we say "what are your name?" not "what is your name?"?
What does “A man passed him, and a man and a woman, talking” mean?
Oh, that he should do so!
"come home" vs "come to homes"
"Except for us" or "Except us"
What is "tad askew"?
Word to describe a person who is trying to come out of his troubled past
Ground floor equals First floor in this context?
"We could see the lava slowly advancing towards the town just ten miles away"
Is the sentence in bold wrong?
Please take it on(as) priority.
How to understand the phrase in bold?
What does "That terrible job will by itself destroy your mental health" mean?
"something that you're not an expert in"
What's the meaning of "The prospect of big national savings is what's driving the case for more energy-efficient lighting"?
Can I say: "only 1 every 170 people do this"?
Can "to" in "need to" be omitted?
makes you wish he *would* have written
How to work out this single-question answer?
Two possessive pronouns (hers, yours) in a sentence
Redundant prepositions?
Does standard English support gendered forms of nouns and verbs?
what does "20,000 foot view" mean?
Use of "Align with"
Source for finding the right vocabulary
Bridal shower and Baby shower, what does that even mean?
manifest solutions in the physical world meaning
is it correct to say "Why are you twitching your eyes"?
Why "a" before "elements of a first step"?
How can I use the "backup" word?
Meaning of sentence
Isn't 'charge a fee' redundant?
What is so 'ridiculous' about it?
How to say that one stuff is dedicated to something?
What is the correct form for saying "one stuff"?
Can I say "Current video file formats"?
Topmost-left or top-leftmost?
Please, explain what does it mean "'Electric Eel' digital condom promises *to make sparks fly* in the bedroom"
Can "happy" be a verb?
Formal way of some sentences
Universal word part for ~ in 'you can ~ by it'
What is the difference between "I was there" and "I have been there"?
Is surrounding environment a redundancy?
between vs among
What do I call a coat that is light-weighted and usually worn in spring and autumn?
What is the meaning of alternating in this context?
why "that" isn't used here instead of "if"?
Is the concept "free of charge social services" correct
What comes after tertiary?
What does this 'dogfish' mean?
"Could you please help me" vs "Could you help me please"
What does this verb mean in this context?
Which construction is correct?
Subject of "Rain is forecast for tomorrow"
Variations of "take care"
"Camels" means "Cigars with the brand (Camel)"?
"last week" versus "over last week"
Is there any term to define a 'fake smile' in font of media/camera?
Formal intensifiers for apologies
Meaning of "I walked slam-bang into this character"
Why does "but" comes after "save"?
What is the short answer for "Nobody has to know"?
Which goes in parentheses? An abbreviation or a full form?
he was seen *to break* the window
Using *not* in a sentence
Has not to or does not have to?
The English equivalent of a saying
Any form rather than using "Thank you very much"
passing vs having passed
interested in hearing / interested to hear
salivate at/over
D'ya get it? Slang?
Some complex passive voice sentences
What does "alternated" mean in this context?
Omitting "did" and making the verb to past tense
They are shorter than me and lean
Is this sentence correct / written in a good english?
Meaning of "He rushed past her like a football tackle, bumping her." from "The Catbird Seat"
Where would we insert the commas in this sentence?
What does "Hey! quit shoving!" mean?
Word to describe a person who spends extremely little money
Puts blood or pours blood?
Are comparisons between a human and an animal considered vulgar or obscene in standard English?
Comma, period to separate sentences
Usage of bunch adjectives, not just two or three
Give me a call when available
Why the order is reversed around the conjuction 'and' here?
why the order of have/had is different
What function does "just red" have?
“from Twitter” or “on Twitter”
"Is there a" vs "is there any"?
Is there a rule to know when to pronounce letter c as a "soft c" (s) or "hard c" (k)?
Adressing : "It is about 200 meters ahead/further"
What's the meaning of to "scare someone straight"?
Do we need a definite article in "the water" here?
"saw it work" vs. "saw it worked"
What does "where" mean here and what is its role?
Making mistakes using articles
`Is there any way... ` or `Are there any ways...`, which is correct?
Using just Past Simple in the Third conditional
I want to vs I need to vs I would like
Should we put question marks at the end of the following sentences?
Can "never" be put inside an infinitive ("to never do")
Omitting repeated words like "have", "has" and "his"
Explanation of "did was [verb]" structure
What does "it is being published" mean?
couldn't or hasn't been able to
Would you possibly tell me which one you apply?
Types of quotation(word quest)
Is the phrase "I fancy a beer" still current anywhere?
CONFUSION IN sentences formation
part of a sentence is missing
What does this "would" mean?
How is the phrase 'as...as' used?
"through" in "come through"
Differences between "for ever" and "forever"
Replacing a simple past in passive voice with "past perfect"
Is "forty-five year-old" correct?
Usage of into vs in vs inside
What does "keeping someone in shoe leather" mean?
Opposite of "Native english speaker"
Translation of "happy about one's share"
What does “We mortals are but shadows and dust” mean?
Case of "letters" in this sentence
Pronunciation of words ending in "-ds"
What does "it fell to the Boor" mean?
Is 'I will never do it' + 'anymore' = 'I will not do it again'?
What does this complicated sentence mean?
What does "a voice carries" mean?
"inspired >of< heaven" - what does "of" mean here?
How to understand "likes to" in this sentence?
What is the meaning of "to work my socks off"?
"are the right size" vs "are OF the right size"
"the xxx section OF the yyy document" or "the xxx section IN the yyy document"
“Are” vs. “is” after “parents and the family”
Want to clarify the nuance of ''you', 'all of you', 'you all'
What does this sentence mean?
Whom did she invite or Who did she invite?
"Desolated"; past tense of an adjective?
Where is he vs where he is
Makes steps hesitantly with fear
Correct usage of “having” + past participle
I am trying to understand three sentences within this text.
Rhyme scheme when words are the same and when words don't rhyme at all?
An adjective that shows a "rule" is for eveyone
What is difference between "save up" and "save"
“Lower-case” is to “upper-case” as what is to “capital”?
How do I put commas in this sentence?
What are the role of titles before names in English?
What's the meaning of "orbit" in this context?
Do "friend of" and "friend with" have the same meaning?
What is the meaning of "overarch" in this sentence?
How to ask a question according to the phrase in bold?
Is "The first place he went to was to his bed." a wrong sentence?
What is the part of speech of "nearest" in bold?
Comparing some sentences with the participle
Does anyone know the other reason for using future perfect here?
Regarding first name and last name
"Metaphoring road trips with life and its success", how to write this statement correctly?
Can I use "that" instead of "who"?
"take off with my clothes" or "take off my clothes"
Use of did not and have not
What do we call a person who contributed music in a movie?
Meaning of "any one time"
Is the article "a" justified in "they are wearing a cape"
It sounds very strange but why?
Mismodeling or mis-modeling, how to connect prefix and word?
How to refer to somebody who answered a question?
First English Book for Children with non-English Mother tongue - Age 2+
"describe as [being] ADJ" - can "being" be omitted?
What does "Roguish" exactlly mean?
What is difference in using gerund and infinitive?
"That soon parts will not exist"
An easy way to differentiate between Compendium, Encyclopaedia, and Almanac?
Can 'suggesting' (a gerund) be followed by a pronoun and an infinitive verb?
How to form some tag questions?
Please keep me updated if any news arise
To transmit an information without waiting of receiving it
Should "cooking" and "cleaning" be taken literally in "...two men at once. One cooking. One cleaning."
What is the word to describe an opposite changing relation between two variables?
Use of being in English
overlap versus overlapping as nouns
What does "tumble back against the wall" mean?
the truth of someone's position
passive form of Do you want to play?
Is "from under the table" correct with two prepositions?
"Search term" vs "Searched term"
Are "most" and "the most" the same?
How to parse "one..., the other..." ? Is it a coordinate sentence, which should have a conjunction?
Can advice (a noun) be used as advices (a verb)?
Is it correct to use the word "videos" as plural of "video"?
Can "mistake(n) as" "mistake(n) for" "mistake(n) with" be used indifferently?
What is the opposite of appearence?
English version of a Cuban expression
When once you have tasted flight
Is it OK to say "I'm came back!"?
How to use "their" and "theirs"?
What does "bother" mean here?
Meaning of "we are well beyond the days" and "heads of leaders"?
Is "You gonna slice them up real nice" right?
Perfect Tense with since
What does “a man of comforts” mean?
Could you help me define “reverse course” in this context?
What does "come to advance" really mean here? Does it simply mean "to achieve"?
Does this sound right? "We don't have a Beta fleet at present"
Just don't cross the streams
What does “big fight on its hands” mean? Especially the phrase “on its hands”?
Is it correct to use "in regards to"?
I think, I suppose, I guess, and I reckon: is there any difference?
How to put commas in this sentence?
What's the meaning of "you take it, you fly it, and you have something going for it"?
Figuring out what "it" might refer to
Is "come down" a phrasal verb meaning "lead" or "cause"?
Wondering if "delegation" has some hidden meaning
'Statements aren't lies every time' vs 'statements aren't lied every time'?
"The set of integers" vs. "The set of *the* integers"
The mobile phone set is almost the same AS mine Or LIKE mine?
proverb for about chance and love
What is the noun for knowledgeable?
Wondering what is the usage of "had" in the context below
What is the difference between "the nature of software" and "nature of software"?
What makes the need of a definite article?
What's the meaning of "you got it"?
What's the meaning of "you got a point" and "take some money off of them"?
What does "be accounted for" mean here?
alternative for the phrase redress your complaints
What to look for in language schools to learn especially good english “speaking”?
Is there an ambiguity in "promoted twice in consecutive years"?
'The good of the people' & 'follow in everything the general will'
the most sublime virtue can afford sufficient illumination
Is "which are" omitted from this sentence?
Correcting a Slogan
"Simple Past" "Past Perfect" "Present perfect"
Each other's / each others'
Minimal or Minimum - Which word should I use here?
why do two wrong not make a right?
what is the meaning of "a play about the slipperiness of language"?
The meaning of 'shade' in a poem by Jean Toomer
Help explain this passage by Jean Jacques Rousseau?
What does 'over' mean in this idiom 'pull over'?
Question-tag structure for "should not have scolded"?
Tenses in the context - which are WRONG?
Wondering what "there they were" mean
What does "out of impulse" mean?
Wondering what " plant" mean in this context.
The meaning of ordinary
Am I correct making this statement negative?
Should I use "that" in this situation?
Are the words "man-hours" and "deploy" used lexically correct in this context?
In the morning VS on the morning
Telling someone don't or telling someone not to
Would you help me with English?
Why is "himself" used here?
Is "very much" correct in these sentences?
To have crashed VS to have crash
Which alternative is correct?
What does this "about" mean?
Why is “the” omitted?
which one is right? which one is not passive? what is these difference?
Help understanding “begin with oneself” and “only the most sublime virtue can afford sufficient illumination for it”
can anyone explain the quote in simple way?
Wondering what the phrase "expand and mushroom" means in this context
Have my doubts if "may not have died " is third conditional
How to ask if things are related
"I built" VS "I was able to build"
How should I read "Figure1-4"?
How do I parse the sentences in bold?
Realize or Realized? Which one is correct?
Some grammar for sites
"No birds can play chess" - shoudn't it have a singular noun?
What does "lovers of romance" mean?
Wondering if my sentence written grammatically correct
When does it have 'so' in a pronoun or an adjective?
How to identify the correct pronunciation for letter "g" before "i" or "e"
Does "get paid" mean "receive the income"?
Is "You are so beautiful girl" incorrect?
Difference between cycle and loop
What difference does it make with or without not?
A pair of blue jeans VS a blue jeans
At in my career VS at my career
Short phrase for "complete tasks quicker"?
Difference between words 'stench' and 'stink'
'Provided' or 'provided with'
What *one too many* means in "you've read one too many stories"
What does "brief candle" mean?
"several thousand" vs. "several thousands of"
Clad usage - for old dress
How is "stopped short of" understood? What are the parts of speech?
Is "I would rather hadn't bought these pants" acceptable?
Is there any difference to say on the phone " this is John" or " It's John"
"This does not mean that the damages are negligible" – A question about clauses
what does to begin with mean?
Let me know when you were free
Uses of ' instal ' vs ' install '
Wondering which of the following interpretations below is correct
Should it add the conjunction "and" between the sentence in bold?
Wondering what the word "it" refer to? missing plane or act of search?
Why in the passive voice?
Which sentence is better?
Meaning of "Context"
Word for people with free time?
I want to know what the "to" means
What is the difference in meaning (not grammar) for these sentences?
Why is "with" not used here?
Which phrase or word does “as” belong to?
Is "to be <adjective> for <somebody> to do <something>" a valid expression?
Meaning of "bake your noodle"
"I am meant for you" - should "am" be used or not?
What does this mean grammatically?
Why is "to" used rather than "for"
Does "have a problem with" refer to "being bothered" or "being the cause of a problem"?
"it was about what managers believed annoyed their workers about each other"
“So do I” vs. “me either”
What nuance does this have?
What is this "any"?
Does *first of all* always go with *second of all*?
Flammable or Inflammable
"It does not get released" vs. "it does not release"
I had tea in the morning
What's the meaning of "and then only"?
Phrase meaning: every now and then vs every once in a while
How to talk about people you know?
Word meaning batch vs lot
What do you call a person who checks emails too frequently?
"Which part don't you understand?" or "Which part you don't understand ?"
What is the difference between "to get", " to take" and "to pick"?
What's the meaning of this sentence?
Send someone on a tree
The sun will rise even if the rooster doesn't crow
Difference in usage between "to" and "for"
Padding (walk) - Usage
Beckons (to signal) - Usage
Could you re write the sentence below in simple English
That which doesn't kill you
Could you help me with the word "ahead" in this context?
What do "barely one in three" and "will bother" mean in this context?
Meaning of "what man has deeded to himself"
What is another way to put "mistaken about what one saw"?
When to use an object pronoun or a possessive adjective before a gerund
"I'm used to him being away " or "I'm used to his being away"
what does the "would" mean here?
Is "round" a verb in this phrase?
what does "nice and -adjective" mean?
Wondering what word could be used instead of "crunch" in this headline
What does "good" mean in this context?
Which term is correct? "I have no" or "I don't have any"
Toward/towards and similar prepositions
Repeating "to" in conjunction
“I’m waiting for you...” or “I’m waiting you...”
Should I say "A or B is" or "A or B are"?
Word order: "played with my friend in the garden" or "played in the garden with my friend"?
“reinstall” or “re-install”
Wondering what "establish facts on the ground" means in this piece of news
Need of verb to complete the sentence
Is "spying is what I do" grammatical?
Could "prequel" be used as an adjective?
a/an k-objective optimization problem
Fast and Quickly; adverbs
Wondering if this is typo at EURONEWS chanel now in their subtitle
Must be exist or must be existed
Alternative to this prompt
have read or be reading
What does "One and a half" take after it? A singular noun or plural?
Sentence with "I'd like.."
Note that or noted that
is now conform or is now conformed
May "so" be considered a pronoun?
The set of integers is or The set of integers are
If + past participle
a word for algebraic symmetry
Difference between "access" and "entry"?
compare to or compared to
Constructing a sentence with the phrase "the fact that a…”
“Should I buy...” or “Should I purchase...”
I'll have finished VS I'll be finished
This process should keep going, to keep you growing
What does "Speak if you must" mean?
Word to describe the smell of medicine
Verbs corresponding to 'showed' for other senses
Some questions about the verb - "keep"
"He fell (off / from / away / down) the ladder"
Difference between "off", "down", "up" and "along"
How to use "when" correctly as a conjunction
To provide the key insight of this method
relative clauses with "I believe", "I think"
Use of 'be' in English
Wondering what the difference is between "it" and "that" in this paragraph
How to use "never" with Present simple tense
Paraphrasing the quote "independent of nationalism and disintegration."
Perplexing words - Edible and Eatable
What's the neutral term for a woman who is not a mother?
You "may" also send a resume - why not "can"?
Difference between (might, might have and could have)
A special usage of "get"
Paraphrasing the pharase " ... has alarmed the ex-Soviet republic. "
15:00 vs 15h00 And how to read them aloud
What is the meaning/role of the -ine suffix?
How is "parking" split (hyphenated) at the end of the line?
How to build the sentence with degrees?
"as seen as" vs "as seem as"
Is "have the medicine" correct?
Is" Look, there are standing two policemen" an existence sentence or an inverted sentence?
State between impossible and possible
How to say this?
Difference between (was thinking / thought / have thought / had thought)
How can I extend Scrabble to increase use of conversational English with non-native speakers?
Teaching English as a 2nd language to a dyslexic adult
Both + as well as
For and a period of time
They are a subject that 'is' or 'are'?
Am I correctly using the word "interest"?
Mercury vs. Quicksilver
as vs like (both mean looking like here)
What does this mean - had to cut short the interview
Position of myself in a sentence
Are these uses of "cut (hair)" right? What are the differences in their meanings?
Meaning of "out" in this sentence
Past perfect e.g. “had hoped”?
Why was use of Mistress was considered vulgar during 1800's?
What does "dominate" mean in this context?
what's the meaning of "for some time now"
Phrase reordering in a sentence
"A chinese-backed company" vs. "a china expert" vs. "a chinese expert"
Can I start a sentence with 'and'
What's the difference between "product" , "goods" and "commodity"?
Is "for product" redundant?
What kind of preposition should be used before the telephone number?
The passive construction with 'It' is ONLY possible with 'permit' - I don't understand this
Money is no object
I'll finish this in ONE Day - does it mean 24 hr?
For "another" example
The various usages & meaning of "for"
Have I correctly phrased this sentence in future perfect?
Is this sentence correctly phrased?
What part of speech is NEAR here?
'Will' vs 'Must'
Which of these is correct - "Running on circle" or "Running in circle"?
Is there a slang/idiom for "Get someone into trouble?"
'as has' or 'as does'
Is there an idiom for "getting popular"?
Would you explain this kind of future?
Using they to reference non-person entities?
Is "on how to use" grammatically correct?
What the hell does “Funnier than Hell” mean?
'Compared with' or 'Compared to'
Wondering what the phrase 'spore inventory' really mean in the context
Use of Indefinite Articles(a,an)
Wonder what the word "off" means here
How much is "healthy"?
Would you please explain the following in details?
Does this sentence have a correct subject?
Is this "as superior as" construction grammatically correct?
Why did he stop "to compose himself"?
Past tense of it has been
What is this strange usage of this idiom?
Does anyone know more about subjunctive?
Definition of the present perfect tense
Verb agreement: We [company name]
Transitive verbs VS intransitive verbs
Use of the suffix -ish
what is the difference between these? or in which way these has been used?
would you tell me in which situation would you prefer to apply this?
"Strong enough" or "enough strong"?
No definite article before 'topics' in "touching on topics" in this sentence?
Meaning of "was born into a country"
If you "ride something", do you control it or simply sit behind/aside?
Does these sentences make sense for an English mind?
What difference does this much make here?
Who or Whom in this sentence Subject/Object?
Meaning of the expression "flush right up"?
Does 'but' require a comma before it in this context?
What is a common, correct way to ask about improving a skill?
Past Tense vs Past Continuous Tense
Usage of due to, being and given in the front of a sentence
Transforming "forgive me for we forgive our enemies" into a simple sentence
"When I grow up, I want to be like you". Is this sentence offensive?
What does "coherent mental reckoning" mean in this sentence?
Speak and volumes of speaking
Is "too important a tool" a noun phrase?
Do you know the reason why there has been used this tense?
Aren't my cars, bikes and other estates 'real' when I'm dying?
How to change a sentence with two objects into passive voice?
Single word or brief phrase for "people started using this product due to my presentation"
Which part of speech is "Be assured"?
How to judge a phrase is a phrasal verb?
What does "rather" mean in "rather Jimmy Olsen-ish"?
Is there any difference between" yet " and "and yet"?
Using a singular or plural verb with “either”?
Can I say: "native to the time period?"
Help me make a sentence with a figurative meaning
No 'the' in "from people who claim"
Idiom to be used in a situation where someone doesn't want to work, but still does, because one can't survive without earning money
Changing the place of 'not' affects meaning?
what does "jump in" mean here?
Do you know any exact information about "marriage" terms?
usage of "as + adjective"
Why is the past perfect used in this sentence?
What does this "in" mean?
Another interpretation of this second conditional sentence
Should I use “cool” to talk about up-to-date data?
What is the difference between "packing" and packaging"?
Using 'just like' in a sentence with subject + object
It is things VS it is a thing
How to tell past tense when we met to someone
Event to be happen in past but not happened
A third-grade teacher/student! Does it speak of her quality or designation?
what does to oneself mean in some sentence?
not only ... but also
A parentless child is an orphan, but the parents who lost their child are?
What does "under the PM" mean?
Wondering if the word " leverage" refer to sanctions or pressure in this context
Definition of will concerning about habits
Question sentences involving negation
"Physician's writing" - "to scribble like a chicken with claw"
Meaning of 'The Devil was sick, and a saint he would be; the Devil was well, and the devil a saint was he!'
Which one must I use "see/am seeing" and what is your reason?
"their/her/... one of" instead "one of their/her/..."
Alternative for Criminal Defense Lawyer?
The use intention *or* The intention of use
What does this "it" indicate?
Can I omit the relative pronoun and the verb 'be' in the this sentence?
The meaning of the word “bums”
The meaning of the phrase “to stage a pot bust”
What does “to look down the road” mean?
Question about 'improving' and 'consuming'
Choosing a modal verb: will or can
"for" versus "of", meaning "concerning someone or something"
"for" versus "to", indicating who/what the recipient is
Does "for" in these examples fit the meaning of "concerning"?
A substitution for "came"
“They have to yet scooped it out.”
for, meaning "cause or reason" here?
About using 'so' as a coordinator
How to describe this sitting position
"This box of matches is empty"
Pronunciation of French-derived words in English
had been using vs has been using
I know who my friend is / who is my friend
Question about " protest-hit"
Wondering what the word "geopolitical" refer to in the context
What does "not least" mean here?
Wondering what the phrase "further swell" means
Question about a substitution for the word "whose" in this context
What does the phrase "as necessary" refer to in this context?
Am I correct in understanding these "if + would" conditionals?
Wondering what "get by" means in this context
"pros and cons" vs "advantages and disadvantages"
(at/in/on) (-/a/the) restaurant
Pronunciation of "Jews" vs "juice"
What do the words " deep" and "off" in this context mean?
What does “echoes from a satellite put the new debris finding” mean?
3rd conditional
Two concerns about this piece of news
Wondering what the phrases " vast arcs" and " could do no better" mean . From reuters
Would you help me to understand the form between "get + [verb]" vs. "verb"?
What does "as it landed" mean here?
Meaning of "hit off" in this sentence
“The death of two protesters” vs. “the death of the two protesters”
"mightn't have" and "might not have"
Question about meaning of 'field' and 'established' in the context
One who lives in the same city in relation to another person
what does take approach mean?
'Programs hacking programs' & 'The code is hidden in tumblers'
Seeking a much simpler words to replace " forced" and " dispersal" in the sentence below
Usage of "wilt away"
What does "his account of the proceedings" mean
Question about the tenses
Meaning and Usage of "as to be"
Does "could not [verb]" imply that attempts were made?
Question about articles: Why is "before the train came" correct?
Difference between "only" and "sole"
Which is correct: 'were concentrated' or 'concentrated were'?
Present perfect simple or past simple with "Over the last years"
Why do you "get in a car" but "get on a train"
Any idiomatic meaning of "still a bit fan"
Would you help me with prefixes?
Usage of subject-verb inversion in dependent clauses
Differences between 'every' and 'each'
Question about "convention"
"Will" vs "going to" vs present continuous
Difference between wouldn't and didn't
when I'm finished / when I finish / when I finish with it
What do you call a subcategory of a subcategory
Difference between (sight / view / spectacle / scenery / landscape / scene)
past usual events/activity
Is this grammatically correct? (wearing a demeanor)
"could not [verb]" might strictly imply that attempts were made
How to describe your familiarity?
Does "significant improvement connection" seem ok?
Collocations of the word "near" with temporal and spatial nouns
Which of the sentences is grammatically correct?
"During" or "while" before an "ing word"?
An appropriate synonym for “the use of” in the context
Question about "lately"
Strange words people say when leaving
Traffic lights and state of the lights
"Was in labour" versus "went into labour"
How did you come to know?
What does "a drop in replacement" mean
What does "I have never looked back" mean?
Would you please help me with adjectives?
Including and excluding "a" in a sentence, both make sense
Executer vs executor
Wondering if this is third conditional
Question about prepositions and word-order
Wondering what the phrase " guide overall corporate agenda" mean in following context
What does " expand our reach" mean in this context?
Verbs that collocate with of
Placement of prepositional phrases
"I had not noticed." but "I did not know."
Past tense for indicating long distance
Does 'Thanks to offered' sound ok?
What's the meaning of "trip over"?
Difference between (diverse / various / different / distinct / disparate)
How can car drive itself?
How to take the bus: 'from' or 'at'?
Take or catch particular number of bus?
Question about “very” vs. “too” – with and without “much”
The difference between "can be" and "may be"?
What's the meaning of "step high"?
Shall we capitalize the word after colon?
What word has the root "vale" in it?
Addressing two people in one mail
For example VS for an example
What does "buck stops here" mean?
Is snow a countable noun
Wondering what the word "bear" mean here
Would you tell me more about using who/whom?
What does 'the way a thing turns out' mean?
what does "bring to bear" mean?
Wonder what the word "register" really is talking about in this context
How acceptable is it to use "it's like" (or just "like") as a filler word?
Any possible adj of encourage?
Meaning of perfect aspect in infinite clauses
Meaning of "to a seasonally adjusted"
Wondering if anybody here could define "the week ended" in this text
Question about use of the words 'than' and 'revise' in this context
incorporating foreign words with articles?
Would you help me with adjectives, alive and live?
Wondering what "the fourth quarter" refers to in this context
Should I use is or are
Where is the subject in "[...] weaker than would otherwise have been the case"?
What is the usage of these "would"?
Does this sentence makes sense? "Who is the responsible for let the window opened"
Different tenses for the phrase "kept putting off"
Can "for the rest" only refer to one thing?
'take advantage of' or 'taking advantage of'?
Possessives for renting etc.?
"Might" and "could" used for making suggestions
Can we use uncountable noun with plural verb?
Forgot to bring identity card
For me/to me, which is correct or better in these examples?
When we use 'to cause to be'?
"Yesterday I watched a film" "Yesterday, I saw a film.'
Wondering what the difference is between passive and active in these two examples
Giving emphasis for one things saying other thing is not focused by the community
What can be a specific word?
was or had in this context
What is the difference between "object" and "objective"?
Question about lyrics meaning
the underground stations
Is "and" grammatically correct in this context?
'they have' or 'the ones have'?
Wondering if the two sentences I made are correct grammatically
Difference in sentence meaning between present continuous and simple present constructions
Wondering why the writer used the grammar structures “would also be bidding” and “would have to pay” here
Wondering what does "my treat" mean here
Wondering what the expression "as far as they were concerned" really means here
Its inside and outside is/are same
What does "last" mean in this context?
'the use of' or 'use of'?
a long sentence
What does the idiom "hue and cry" mean?
Question about ambiguty in meaning of "corruption" and " have been shaken" in the context
Go to play VS go play
Would used for willingness in the present
What does it mean when someone says "it is way too off the mark"
Certainty of modal-verbs
Placement of floating prepositional phrases
"is very low quality" vs "has very low quality"
Is the reply B to question A lexically correct?
What " the Garcias' pool refer to?
What does "DUNKIN DOUGH" mean?
Question about difference between "nut" and "eccentric" and "crazy" while talking to natives
You are looking well VS You are looking good
In the context of sexual performance, what's correct? 'On bed' or 'In bed'
Question about " What do we put on the back"?
Does 'the same' means opposite in this case?
Question about " in reference to"
Why does "that would be me" make a speaker more certain than "that is me"?
"...to understand what he did / had done."
What does this mean: "Going to be something doing in the >humidity line< to-night"?
What does "What have you been up to lately?" mean?
Do I need "the" in "the Russian mathematician Grigori Perelman"?
Wondering if you could simplify the conversation below
Is "There won't be anything happen to ..." grammatically correct?
What does 'Yield' mean in this sentence?
Question about Past Perfect
There has been vs. There have been
The tendency to replace may I with can I
What does "but one option" mean?
"each one having/has its own advantages and disadvantages"
What does "crossroads friends" mean?
"Know", meaning "recognize"
Is it perspective or prospective?
Rephrasing "get to do" structure
use ...ing as noun or use a regular noun?
A closed curve of water
discharge versus dismiss
What does this part taken from the text below mean?
Correct use of "appointed"
"Two plus two {make/makes} four."
What exactly does a web developer do? And are there any textbooks that describe it?
'upward trend' or 'increasing trend'
"it is *the* exception" means one and only exception?
How to analyze this sentence’s logic: “If it rains, I'll take an umbrella.”
"In the way" vs. "On the way"
Usage of correct prepositions when writing Acknowledgement
put forward in explanation or put forward to explain
a good assistant uses their skills to help the master focus on their skills
An economical problem or an economic problem?
Did my sister state these properly?
Is "You can't wear that dress until you lose X lbs" an idiom?
"Proposed her" vs. "proposed to her"
"compare with" or "compare to"
Do these various words for "writing something online" have any significant differences in meaning?
Is the use of "as well as" correct in this sentence?
What Neo has not figured out
Is there a verb in English that means the act of postponing something in detriment of other people?
What does "pie" mean in the following sentence?
Tense disagreement of the irrealis forms "could ..." with "would have..."
"as if he had been" or "as if he were"
"This chick's playing with Confederate money." (Seinfeld)
' to find' and 'to develop' can be synonyms?
Meaning in context
years (of) experience
How to parse these crazy sentences
Choice of (should / could / would / might) in the "so that" clause
How to address a French aristocrat by last name?
If you decrease the AC; does the room become cooler or hotter?
"I'm a large." (Seinfeld)
How can I tell whether the word following "to be" is an adjective or a past participle?
Possessives - "this year's question paper" or "this year question paper"
To sleep your way to the top
"as if she were" vs "as if she had been"
Using 'with' in this sentence
What does a little walking around money mean?
What does the sentence mean?
Can we use "taking advantage of" in a good sense?
How to mention colors in a figure?
Does subjunctive structure always use 'that' word in the begining? How exactly it works?
saying about in which department people work
Point it or Point it out
Meaning of "He was quite sane but abhorred conversation"
Why to use “was”?
Is it fine to say "completely" to lay stress on relativity of something
The usage of “If I was going to eat” and “If I am going to eat”
Usage of "I don't have" and "I have no"
Difference : 'so on' and 'so forth'
Finding a proper word for this situation
"How Internet helps you?" vs "How does Internet help you?"
What does descending mean in this context?
Use of "of" or "by"
What's the meaning of "call out"?
I'll bring a cup of tea to you. vs I'll bring a cup of tea for you
Why "original painting" and not "genuine painting"?
Struggle to be sure about the subject of this sentence
When is "'s" needed after a possessive "of"?
A bit about 'interest'
Meaning of "least reluctant" in this context
'in the first place' instead of 'firstly'
If 'get ready' is not proper here, what should it be?
Does the adjective 'same' ALWAYS have the definite article 'the'?
"I can't login" or "I can't log in"?
The confusion about the word 'accommodation'
"Translation to" or "Translation into"?
Would you tell me more about possessive?
Word or phrase to describe the process to arrange some disorganized information so as to get a more thorough understanding?
“Was in labour for 3 hours” versus “had been in labour for 3 hours”
The structure of 'I'd like...'
Can an adverb follow "to be"?
An adjective for something that has been achieved with a lot of effort through years
In this song, who is the fondue talking to?
If we remove 'the' in "Gone with the Wind"
Difference between "supple" and "flexible"
Would or Might in The Past
How do we respectfully address kids whose names we don't know?
How to use 'get lost' to mean 'get lost'?
"One can be said" vs. "One can say"
Maybe a typo mistake
Would you help me with understanding these words?
On the increase vs increasing
Which one is correct: "...-ing the ... " or "...-ing of the ..."
“The colour of (the) water(s)”
Gerund Phrases after adjectives
What the term "devastating milestone" mean literarlly?
"As far as I can say", "as far as I know", "as far as I can tell"
" The goal was his to achieve" - What structure is it?
Most common vs the commonest
What is the structure and meaning of this sentence?
Usage of "live" and "alive"
Wondering why the writer used the absolute positive term 'comeback' with the word 'disappointing' just to make it negative
Wondering about the grammar of “we keep remaining confident”
Would you help me with using combined adjectives and it's shortened of them?
What does "it makes too much sense" mean?
How to use “left” about remaining
Demonstratives and abstract nouns
What does this "too often" imply?
When would you rather use one over the other?
Question about the Past Perfect Tense
What does "pot-kettle situation" mean?
Formal and informal letters format
Please explain "will have had"
Which tense can we use to explain pictures?
"I am, You're only off by a year."
Collective noun + sing./pl. verb
Using 'of' for what purpose in a given sentence
"went back" To extend in time in past tense
To zero in yourself. (Seinfeld)
Which 'do' is an auxiliary verb in 'How do you do?'
What do native speakers make of hearing the phrase "disputed land"
Wondering what the phrase "down close" mean in an economic-related context?
Is it a correct to establish a new concept " retired president"?
Question about use of "do" in wh questions
Would you please explain readily the difference between these?
Would you explain which one and why?
live or living in some city
Would you help me with tenses?
Since 4:40 P.M. to 7:00 P.M
"A big glass" vs. "The big glass"
What does "following on" mean in this context?
'to take' and 'in cash'
What's the meaning of "messed up"?
What is the origin of the expression 'pull a fast one'?
Would anyone please help me with terms of divorce?
Would you please tell me what "than that of" means here?
Which one is right?
Future perfect: By that time, I will have possessed three cars. Will I still have them by then?
Should with two different meanings? If and in case?
(The) readers of a magazine?
Would you please explain SEEM+HAVE+P.P.?
A negative idea following "unless"
why is it now acceptable to say "what do you think TO that" rather than "ABOUT that"?
Requesting someone to reply
Question about meaning of "determination" in context
Grades ___ school subject
'Are there' and 'How many'
How is it a first conditional sentence?
Wondering whether my perception is correct on this short text
Is this correct? "Being under control"
Question about posessive case
Past perfect or past simple with before
Do you know any other adverb like this?
Question about Past perfect in the following sentence
Clarification of the slang meaning of "Choke"?
When to use singular or plural when the phase is something with somethings?
(The|A) stor(y|ies) about James and Susie?
About the past simple form and the past tense?
What is the difference between "single price" and "unit price"?
Why do my "How to" questions often get renamed to "How do I"?
Why do I have to say “want you to do” instead of “want you do”?
A set-up which is intended to make fun of someone
What the word 'great' serves as in 'Hollywood great Rooney dies at 93' (BBC)?
What do we mean by the word "distinct" in this book?
A phrase or idiom for 'something you already wanted' and you are 'legally' asked to do it!
No matter how - with a verb or without?
What sound do you make when teasing two people?
"What is the point" or "What is the purpose"
What are the differences between "lively", "alive" and "living"?
Why do we use "did" in simple past with every person but we use "do" or "does" in simple present?
Is "whom" old fashioned?
"not every...is" or "every ... is not"?
Does the verb 'Christianize' require the capital 'C'? Why?
Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch
Difference betwen Arabic and Arabian
Deadly Diamond of Death
What does "thought to" mean here?
Using the adverb “not”
had been treated and being treated
Salary 'in hand' or 'on hand'?
Ambiguity of 'Blank Paper', 'Blank Lined Paper', and 'Lined Paper which is not blank'
Unsure about this sentence
My lady, Your honour, Your grace, how to decide whether to use "my" or "your"?
Can this mean what I mean?
Strange structure of "is in a shambles"
Correctness of "It is rarely that + [clause]"?
Why is "of" instead of "to" used here?
Meaning of understatment and annual round
Passed your way - meaning
One shower doesn't work and the fridge either
Does “consider” mean “think”?
"Do you think he can still be alive?", "Can" used for probability, or what?
The word "joint" as a synonym for place?
“At the first of the month” or “on the first of the month”?
Chance’s senses, negative and positive
How to understand “there” following “on the wall”?
Revolutions can, and often have, begun with reading - why "begun", why not "begin"?
What is the grammatical function of "from across"?
What grammatical function do down and nearly serve in the following sentence?
Meaning Diffrence "Would be" and "were"
Ellipses and how to decide which part I can omit as an ellipsis
Preposition 'to' with gerund (-ing)?
Making a sentence to be accepted by scientific world (academic writing)
Using 'on' with any social media platform
over the vending machine / over tea / over the fence
How are "as of" and "as on" used in these definitions for "on"?
Is there a difference in the meaning between "do an X on its own" and "do a single X"?
Articles: definite, indefinite, or none?
Is there a negative counterpart of the phrase "thanks to"?
Difference and usage between "I dare say" and "dare I say it"
What is the difference between future perfect and future in the past?
We were able to use him
Hair stylist: long is out and short is in
why c sound like kh and p as ph
Discount vs. off
Giving and getting a discount
Which is right "office hours" or "office hour"?
What is the other name of a triangular prism? (sound like "retch")
Is the sentence in bold a subjunctive mood and how to understand it?
A triangular prism? What else its shape could be?
How to use “pretty” ironically
"Would", meaning "possible or likely"
How to elegantly express that "no money was required"
What is the usage of "for" here?
"Insert your data" or "Enter your data"?
The word "doooooooor" often girlishly said, what is the actual spelling?
Unless Vs. If - What's the difference here?
Ambiguous meaning of "his murder"
What does this quote mean?
How to explain "the factory got flooded"
Do the brave deserve the fair?
Wondering what the phrase "as clumsy as it may seem" mean?
Are abstract nouns also considered as adjectives? (parts of speech)
Meaning of "lacking responsibility" in this sentence
Meaning of "I won't even know" in "I wont' even know where they land"
"some of its usages includes ..." vs "some of its usages include ..."
longer than and shorter than presumed
How can I improve this sentence about the German "Kleinunternehmer"?
what does the term "Partridge Family" mean?
contribute and contribute to
The bulk of assets was /were?
What's the meaning of "spinning" in "spinning fairy tales"?
Is the exclamation "like seriously" proper?
ََUnequivocal usage of "their"
Would you tell me how to equal the sentences, using BY THE TIME AND WHEN
Which "nor" is right? inversion or not?
Usage of correlative conjunction "not only ... but also"
“Nevertheless” vs. “but”
"The front door slid open" grammar explanation
What does the word "that" refer to in this sentence?
Rephrase "come + doing something"
Meaning of "call it" in The Avengers
Confusing between "having" or "to have"
Pain all over the body - "over"?
Is this strange sentence grammatically correct?
My swimming pool would hold 20,000 gallons of water
Is there any other term for the 'sharp nose' to avoid ambiguity?
Meaning of "a higher form of war" in The Avengers
Should I use 'the' before language names?
What does it mean to say that someone is "too much of a grind"?
What does "afeard" mean?
Wondering what the words "confront" & "personality" really are talking about in this piece of news
Would you tell me with the word ANY?
a question regarding "of" construction
“By the time” = “Before”?
What's the meaning of "hold out"?
Use of "confront"
Is this scenario written correctly?
Correct usage of "characterise"
How to describe the decision in the future related to another future event
What does "o" stand for in 9 o'clock?
Usage of "by which"
"’Cause that’s not going to work out for everyone" from The Avengers
Question about the meaning of " reserved " in this piece of news
Question about meaning of " Common Man's " & "mounting " is in the context here
Wondering what the expression " I am about to"
Does X include off?
Past Perfect or Past Simple?
In AmE, which term is used for a student who studies a lot?
"Would have + past participle" construction can be used to express speculation about the past?
Definite or Indefinite noun phrase for the possessive: "Tom's good idea"
Simple Past or Past Perfect
References or Sources - What should be used where and why?
Since and the perfect tense
Everything in that shop is on sale
How to use "by" and "until" in these specific contexts?
Using a proper preposition
Significance of inversion: 'Here comes Bob' vs 'Bob is coming here'
is it "What are you up today?" or "what are you up to today?"
In simple words, what is the difference between 'possible' and 'probable'?
He might say that now, but he can soon change his mind
In case of repeating a preposition, can we omit one?
Would you please tell me whether they are the same or not?
Could anybody possibly tell me if they are the same and right?
Would you help me with adverbs, such as also?
Would you tell me what BUT means here?
Would you help me with another specific conjunctions?
fall/fall off/fall down/fall back
Would you help me with choosing the right adjective?
"following" vs "this"
What's the difference between shrewd, cunning and sly?
How to express regain/recover/pickup an old project
Can advise be used as a noun?
Better phrases for 'thanks to' and 'let you off'
Were Going To and Would
`panting` is only for dog? about a swear word
Passive and Active Voice
Meaning of Catch in this?
Where does "they can't lay us off if they can't find us" come from?
Do not or Can not?
Using adjectives correctly
You must be home by 7 o'clock
Words to describe the sounds created when having sex
Is sometimes 'be' to be used instead of 'is' or 'are'?
The April 12 or (zero article) April 12
Is there both -the infinitive and the basic form of a verb?
Can we only use "I couldn't but" for unintentional actions?
Use of the present subjunctive
Is it typo in book?
The choice of verb when you are doing something for someone as in "I'm feeding the kid"
Use of the word "over"
In which conditions does the format 'if' + I (pronoun) + was' work?
What is the meaning of "hot"?
What does "Your supreme selfishness is our gain" mean?
"Black Hats out there are a lot craftier than you are" what is the exact meaning?
Who have or who has in a question
How to distinguish in English "to produce smell" from "to try to detect smell"
More confusion about by/until - starting a question
Could you send the datasheet within this week
Which choice sounds better?
What kinda construction 'everything else fails' is?
What does "It was due to" mean in context?
Question about very difficult quote to understand
Meaning of "Military Cuts Our Specialty" in a barbershop window
Question about meaning of "its built in safety feature"
Complicated sentence with mathematical terms
Meaning of "exploiting the fact that" in this sentence?
Is 'nomenclature' grammatically correct in this sentence?
When to use preposition "by"?
"if time allows" or "if time permits"?
'analyse the scalability' or 'performance analyse'?
Usage of not with verbs
What is the plural of "who"?
"ranked for" or "ranked by"?
What is correct form of "to be thought ..."?
Is 'Kind attention' impolite? When is it specifically used?
……………we have traveled 500 miles - Fill in the blank
What does "tip a cow" mean?
(Up to / until / by) 50% off
How do I refer to the people living in the particular city? Is it random always?
"accidentally" - Is "accidently" also acceptable?
English spelling/pronunciation example
What single word can replace 'nearly never' in 'It nearly never occurs'?
Has the meaning of the word “actual” and its derivates (actuality, actually, etc.) anything to do with temporality, in English?
Tragedy with no one to blame
Would you tell me if I have used EMPHATIC ADVERB correctly?
Substitute VS relief
Question about root of the name of the cartoon " Wet Blanket Policy"
'conclusion can be reached' - sentence structure problem
Word order when addressing someone
What do you think about the grammar of this quote ...?
Hypernym for "input" and "output"
Would you help me with these verbs?
Worry about something? Or, Worry for something?
All of your doubt will suddenly go away / goes away?
Is 'there is' grammatically correct in this sentence?
from the 18th to / until 30th of July
Which sentence sounds natural?
Is there any difference between "[Only/All/All] that I need is"?
3rd person singular (he or she)
More confusion about by now
What is the correct interpretation of this tricky sentence?
Do these sentences in each set mean the same or not?
Don’t seem too forward / Don’t seem overly friendly
'Take liberty/liberties' vs. 'venture'
Can the suffix -hood be applied to any noun? Is loverhood possible that way? If not, what's the term?
Never act rudely toward your parents OR Never act saucily toward your parents
More about taking the liberty of doing something
use of everything and anything
How to decide whether the sentence is negative?
I didn't mean to act rudely OR I didn't mean to take the liberty OR...?
'Studies' or 'studies performed'
Good idea vs good point
In which cases let the superlatives better be split?
What's the meaning of "aeroplane of light"?
Which polite formula to say "Likewise"
Question about meaning of " swept out to" in the context
Is the term 'Invalid' applicable for human beings?
Question about meaning of "would" in this text
"making noise" or "make a noise"?
Active VS passive voice
How do we identify suffixes?
Have words' spellings anything to do with its origin? How to make a spelling by knowing its origin?
“I just see” or “I just saw”? (Or neither?)
Before You Go VS Before Going
what's the word for afterward-smart
"Don't be too forward" OR "Don't be this forward"
Don't be overly friendly
Is it proper to wish 'Halloween', 'Good Friday' and the like (if any)?
Which word is more appropriate to be used “along” or “together”?
I don't see the point of/in doing that
Does "rollercoaster" in this phrase mean "a dramatically change in movie plots"?
The difference of "for" and "at" in the following sentences
"My breakfast is milk, bread and sausages." - Is this correct even though the second part is plural?
Does the adjective 'good' justifies its meaning in 'Good Friday'?
How to understand the preposition “for” in “She is Miss Asia for 2006”
Must and subjunctive
Question about meaning of "cargo shifted"
Wondering if anybody out here could simplify the highlighted parts of the piece of news
The correct use of the word Reformulation
Can a 'valetudinarian' be a 'valetudinarian'?
Meaning of CV fields
“I beg pardon” vs. “I beg your pardon”
Is "I watched them go" grammatically correct?
"How old were you when you *went to the pen*?"
Classification of the terms according to the ranges of the years
What are other ways to describe second-last?
He mustn't / couldn't have been hungry, part 2
Position of adverbs in a sentence with modals + present perfect
We're out of time. We're running out of time
Question about preposition in the sentence
Picking strawberries v. The picking of strawberries v. Strawberry-picking
Why is a preposition sometimes optional?
The difference between houses prices and house prices
*Master in Java Programming* or *Master at Java Programming* - The Use of 'Master'
stay focus & stay focused
Should we cut "so" in this sentence?
Wondering what the word "struck" in this context of news really mean
Why is it not past perfect for the word 'left'?
Wondeing what the difference would be if we change place of " people" & " republic" in following sentence
Are these "for + nouns" adjectival prepositional phrases or adverbial prepositional ones?
What does "bringing prior knowledge of a subject to a text" mean?
Wondering what the meaning of the word "street value" is in simple English
Two usages related to "with"
Wondering if my perception of the following highlighted terms is correct
The nuance of 'met by [someone]' and 'met someone'
Is "there has been outage in my house for the past 8 hours" correct?
Two usages of "on"
Is this rewrite correct?
"For all" vs. "with all"
Would you tell me more about "however" vs. "still" vs. "nevertheless"
Whose and whereof (and of which), are they equivalent?
Use of "so many" without specifying: so many WHAT?
The polite ways of disagreement
Placement of "either" (and the verbs that follow)
I can’t wait for you (until / up to) (8 p.m. / one week)
Is past perfect needed
Alternative to 'apart from the purpose to'
Would you help me with terms of WHOM and WHO?
Which tense should be used with "while" here
"had seen" vs "saw" which is correct and why other not?
My final question about until / by
Would anybody please help me with finding correct reference?
Wondering what "go through" means in this context. (it differs from my perception)
Meaning of these sentences
Trying to express the frequency of ones activity
"I like to read by/with the light of the candle." Which is right?
Will, expressing certainty or confidence
Using "would" with "if"
What does this "in" mean here?
How can I interpret "from" in this case?
Bloat vs Swell vs Bulge
He is almost abject in his respect for his boss
present perfect or past simple
Convert from the first conditional into the second
The clock isn’t working or has stopped
"fully stuffed with cash" or "stuffed full of cash."
Why using quotation marks in this sentence and what does it means?
I hear people say this often time. Which is correct
What does "weighted pass" mean in soccer sense?
Does adding 'don't' make the sentence more intense in 'don't dare'?
Would you tell me which answer is correct?
Any difference in meaning? "Until what time" and "How late"
Is this sentence correct with 'by the boat' instead of 'by boat'?
The nuance of 'young' and 'younger' in this context
What is the difference "Cut" and "Cut off" "Cut out"
Continuous and until
Question about meaning of "fair share" and "programmes of excellence"
Meaning of the phrase "over a cup of tea"
Meaning of "it is telling to note that"
Don't make this hard that it needs to be
what does "suit up" mean
Would you help me with using present perfect?
What does "only until" mean and how to use it correctly?
Structure of too+adjective+to
What's the opposite (term) to 'cleavage'?
adjective and adverb clause
American Accent or American Intonation?
Meaning of "erstwhile" & "gone in the first cull of hereditary peers"
Difficulty understanding the last sentence of this short piece of news
Two figurative meanings of using raft in expressions
Wondering what does "a break" in this context mean
How should I say each sentence?
The promotion is valid by December 5th
Wondering what the phrase "transformational moment" means in this context
Question about meaning of " to exceed a company returns criteria " in the context below
How to call a customer who presents a good chance to acquire another customer after a succesful project?
What is the difference between "will" + verb and "will be" + verb?
What's the meaning of "in the spirit of"?
Is there a word for “that’s not my fault”?
How can I translate this phrase? " To break with the past"
"it's not always so easy to get a thought out"
"Bite me", What does it mean?
"I didn't know" or "I haven't known"?
"their" referring to "it"
How to understand the sentence? What is the function and usage of "too" here?
Is "you think" a parenthesis ? Or it is a subject and a predicate of a object clause which in an attributive clause?
Sentence construction
Searching for the idiom to express this
What is the meaning of “footloose” in “Now I gotta cut loose, footloose”
Is past continuous possible with duration?
Usage of now and will have. Tense consistency
Shouldn't it be 'Scheduled for Demolition' and not 'Under Demolition''?
"Happens" or "Happened"
Is omitting articles in parentheses allowed?
Why there is no definite article?
What does 'in 10 minutes' mean?
What comes after "can"?
Meaning of "15-strong armed gang"
As he came within 20 feet of an officer - meaning, understanding
About the phrase "You suck"
'How delayed is the flight?' - Is it the right expression?
'Customers from [country]' or 'Customers in [country]'?
Several number of something or Several numbers of something?
What's the difference between can't and won't?
Using comma with a relative clause
Are these quoted sentences grammatically correct?
What is the definition of "in and of..."
Is there is any difference between "full life" and "full of life" (without any context)?
What is Maxwell talking about?
Have I phrased this sentence correctly?
What is it called when a star or candle changes its intensity at random?
Question about using "only" in the sentences
Why use "reds and oranges" not "red and orange"?
'challenges' or 'challenge'
The usage of "must be"
"a lack of food/money/skills" from OALD, what am I missing?
"Your either for or against him" - what kinda structure is it?
is "release date" grammatically correct?
the usage of "rest"
Expression "How far did we drive?"
What does this recondite quote by Hardy mean?
Think of vs. figure out vs. work out
What is the antonym for "default"?
What is "early spring" in following sentence?
One adjective for two or more nouns
Glengarry Glen Ross movie quote meaning
Word order of a sentence
Should “the darkness of water at midnight” have “the” before “water”?
Question about wishes
Comma and semicolon
The verb that means "to gain popularity"
"I'm done" or "I've done", which is correct?
"My hobby is to play basketball" or "My hobby is playing basketball"?
Why can lifeless objects do things?
Why is there a preposition in "for several months" but no preposition in "two hours"?
Can "in ways" be used as as synonym for "how"?
Why there is no definite article (Part II)?
"...like after you have your loved one pass away" - what tense is this?
How to use THAT and WHO
check something out or check out something?
When does the verb "tell" need a preposition and when doesn't it?
Would you please let me know what dry rust is?
Why "What were you doing?"
'Be to' structure (e.g. "...was to ensure...")
"Live life to the fullest" what does it mean?
Future Simple and Future Perfect
Can/could vs. may/might (expressing typical occurrences)
"police are" or "police is"
'Man' and 'Male' - Which to use when?
When is 'c' pronounced /ʃ/? Is there any rule?
who worth you most / who worths you most
There is time comes of 'last chance' too
The honest human heart or The honest human's heart?
Ostensive purposes
Is "the disease yellow fever" a correct name?
Can "how to say" be pronounced as "howjsay"?
The usage of "used to "
difference between ‘fast’ and ‘quick’
Something sells well
Active vs passive voice with inanimate object as the subject
"Don't be such a Phoebe." (The Simpsons)
Does 'Good Try' always mean good efforts but ultimately you didn't succeed at it?
Wondering what the words "fraction" and "virtual" really mean in this context
Question about the meaning of “tie [something] back to the individual”
Compare to vs Compared to
How long is your class?
Confused with Present Continuous
Dirted hardcore
"the tea salon to the rooftop's hat factory"; meaning of "to"?
Preposition at/on/in
Can I use "First, ... Secondly, ... Finally, ... " like this ?
Is "which in turn" correct here?
Proverb request: too much of something makes its value decrease or disappear
Word request related to tactfully saying "no" to being asked out
Expressing an age differently
Friend or Friends in this sentence
About Use of the word Snuggle
What does "I feel for that" mean?
Words to describe a person or a group of person who think themselves elite, but I don't think so?
what does this guy mean by "Pulling on my flameproof underwear"?
What does the "null" mean in "null hypothesis" mean?
Inspiration to VS inspiration for
By far and wide
Would you at this situation explain the difference between object and objective as a noun?
Coming on the heels of
Can I write - sit parallel
Is "often too hard" a verb phrase?
question starting with "but"
Meaning of "it is" at the end of sentence
"Whether" Vs. "If"
"Scared of you" vs. "feared of you"
Meaning of "The air is thin up here"
What form the verb after besides?
correct use of hyphens to connect two words
Different idiom to "there are two sides to every coin"
Parse these three "could have + past participle" constructions
Can it be called "criterion"?
"I don't always" vs. "I always don't"
Scarcely had John begun speaking when
Is the phrase "have enabled to" correct?
Hypocrisy don't makes you / doesn't make you a human
Use of "was" when reporting in the third person
Past simple or Present perfect in this case
Which pronoun (you or yourself) is correct in this sentence?
"being" vs "were" after "due to"
"Comparing these stories is/are lazy": "is lazy" or "are lazy"?
Question about meaning of "as often as not" in this context
Wondering what the word "receiving" here means
Wondering if you could help with my perception of the words "crude" & "literally" & "toss" & "over" in the context below
Usage of indefinite article and too
"in" or "for"? -- "They grow over 20% yearly ____ (the) past five years"
Questions for second person
Using adverbs "generally" or "in general"
What does "wandering about" mean?
"I wish it is just sometimes."
is there really some difference between if and whether?
The ambiguity of 'also' and 'too'
'had/have ... were/are'
What is the exact meaning of " He had too much money for a young man?"
"Had been checked and then" vs "Had been checked before"
What's the difference between until and until after?
Auxiliary verb position in questions with "why"
past perfect continuous in negative sentence
Nominal clause plus subjunctive
Difference between late getting back and late to get back
What does "from the safety of a shelter" mean in this context?
How would different verbal emphasis in spoken English change the meaning of these sentences?
Meaning of the following passage with the word "shed" in it
Questions with declarative forms have the same meaning as their interrogative counterparts or not?
I have had the opportunity / I have the opportunity
Incremental or Gradual?
A saying for "we are old when we begin to often think about the past"?
Can I use "applied" as an adjective?
Does a word exist for using a reservation on another date?
Use of articles before seasons
What is the exact meaning of this sentence? How to understand "for you"?
How should I understand the difference between a helping verb and an action verb?
Report what someone said about his habitual affairs
How should I interpret "[Something] isn't for me"?
Would you help me with use and employ?
What does "carved in relief" mean?
I am without an article? (with regard to a job title)
Compulsory vs Mandatory?
Are terms of endearment such as "honey" or "darling" seen as old-fashioned or archaic?
What is better "which" or "that"?
A/the clinic(s) that open(s) out of regular official hours of a hospital
How does "to come across" work in this context?
Does "to grow to like" imply previous dislike?
Participle phrase or conjunction
I'm somewhat confused on the use this word usage
"Could have" = "would possibly have" here?
Slang word(s) for pretty? (pretty slang synonyms)
"I'm marrying with her" or "I'm marrying her"?
her office database has been compromised
What could be a nice word to use in the title of my presentation slide which represents failures?
It's may not going to be easy
Why isn’t there any article before this countable noun?
We were discussing (whether / if) to leave early (or not)
Present Perfect and Past Progressive with wait
Heritage and Inheritance
We ever thought before Or, We ever think before?
Is "multiple times" the best word for this kind of situation?
"glad to find you" or "glad to found you"
What are the Correct pronunciations for "Wednesday" and "pizza"?
what's a long-shot job?
makes the high cost of convenience "seem" - should it be "seems"
What does the phrase "I wish I could meet you so bad" mean?
Is "I am mistaken?" right?
What the meaning of "reckless abandon" here?
Autonomic vs Autonomous
How should I write "(the) number of unique items { is / are } few"?
How to negate 'being the first' using 'second'
'if', meaning 'even if'. Why would ommision occur in some cases?
Is "The customer experiences that the connection has been failed by unknown factor." grammatically correct?
Do we need 's in "I'm a friend of Stephen's."
What is the difference between treble and triple?
Use of "always" and "am"
Around vs along vs over vs down, meaning "to a place"
Show and Show Up
Meaning of "challenged"
Identifying phrase - let alone enjoy
third person singular verbs in questions
Can "me" be a subject?
Beginning quotes with square brackets
What does "twice folded" mean?
the people who {founded / had founded} the city over 400 years ago
A word for a light thud that a letter makes when dropped into the wooden mailbox
Can "tit" be used for men's nipples?
How can an injustice "stand"?
"Slack off" in the library
The way of mentioning an e-mail in a conversation
How to use 'nor' without 'neither'
What is the subject in this sentence?
A lot of beautiful qualities I would find within you
Is this sentence in an online dictionary correct, "They ain't got nothing to say"?
"Where she at?" versus "Where is she?"
Uses of the definite article (the) in generic noun phrases
Usage of 'shall' in questions
Would you please help me to understand the following sentence?
Arguably vs unarguably?
Using 'fluctuation' in a bar chart
Would you please help me to understand the difference between “just then” and “that’s when”?
How to refer to things, living things
What does "life is far too important to ever talk seriously about" mean?
What does this "since" mean?
Milk chocolate -> (eating or drinking)?
"Were not doing" versus "would not do" versus "had not been doing"
"was decapitated" or "got decapitated"
What does "critic-at-large" mean?
Meaning of "the vanquishing of something"
Broader Sanctions
Whereas vs While
it's bad enough ( having to / to have to / to ) read
Punctuation in sarcastic question with suggested answer?
past perfect or past simple why?
Have I got the 50 guys for you!
"Want to go look for something" - what is the verb?
"Supposed to" - past/present usage
'Help someone 'with' something' - is it always the structure?
"Will make and will continue" or " will make and continue"
What does 'It seemed to me, soothed by the elysian air, a Naiad was beside me." mean?
Is it strange to say "be geek"?
To give the folks a boot
What does this quote mean here? By James Fenimore Cooper
English expressions for exam : Document synthesis
Does "as shown follows" sound right?
What does "ground" mean as a verb here?
Should I say "encouragement to me" or "encouragement for me"?
What's the meaning of "biased"?
How can I say about my marks at university?
Which part of the sentence does "for you" modify?
Which part of the sentence does "for about 1.4 million pounds" modify?
"war-concomitant event" as a adjectival phrase
Conditional Sentence Using IF and HAD
Which is the correct construct - "Is ... there" or "Is there ..."?
Difference between " in a row" and "at a stretch"
'using' as preposition in the beginning of the sentence
Pointing out someone in a photograph
Can every A or B plus singular form of verb be possible?
What is this "much?"
The usage of a comma with conjunctions
Which way: One and one ARE two? One and one IS two?
Does my sentence structure and the vocabulary make sense?
When 'but' means 'exception', what if we put 'not'?
Wondering which word is more suitable in the context. Threaten or begin
Buy a home VS Buy a house VS Buy a building
Why can't I use "do" in "How many rooms have conditioner?"
"would have" vs "would"
Meaning of "he claims to announce"
What's the difference between a can and a tin?
What are you doing/going-to-do this evening?
When does the determiner "each" modify the plural noun?
"led" or "was leading"? -- "Raheem ____ a happy life after his retirement."
Synonyms to "pick up"
"I am been" or "I have been"?
Which modifies which?
"One thing or another" is singular or plural?
"got" in "You've got to be kidding me!"
“While she is sleeping, we...” – what verb tense comes next?
Prone position, face up
Is there always a way to find the meaning of a multi-word verb or an expression by its words?
(Adjective) Slipping
What are the differences between these usages of causative 'have'?
Meaning of "You're on" in this situation
How to ask the names of people in a group?
On the singular vs plural aspects of "who"
Could have vs would have
Can I remove the "that" in "Test that it works"?
How can one certify one's knowledge of English without paying for exams?
Hair on the legs, hair on the hands
How to backshift "would" (used for saying what someone used to do in the past)?
Can I use "I don't get" for "I don't understand"
Use of "take on" and subject-verb agreement
"soup" or "a soup"
How to ask a question according to the specific sections?
How to parse "in case" in this sentence?
How to parse "I had made arrangement for my affairs to be dealt with by one of my children"?
What is the difference between "What for?" and "For what?"
What is the difference between "I am from China" and " I come from China"?
Which part of the sentence can decide the meaning of "for"?
What is an elegant way to manage references in English which avoids repetition and is clear?
Use of being in English sentence
Past simple Or past Particple?
"in the plate" or "on the plate"
I have had enough of eating burgers
"One of the building" vs. "one of the buildings"
Good to say "clear her ideas"?
Explore doing something or explore to do something?
Is it disappointed with, in, or by?
What is a word for people who frequently hypothesize?
Can I say "attention hooker"?
There are many spoty on my car
was settled in VS was settled
Somone 'has been friends' with someone -what is this structure?
How to parse "It might be possible for a single woman to be accepted as a foster parent"?
Difference between 'Nothing is impossible' and 'Impossible is nothing'?
Can apostrophe 's' be used with 'etc.'?
Word order in "one only of the 12 dead astronauts"
Someone or some websites always make wrong prediction
Who do you think is the richest man?
Can I use "That would be nicer if..." in this context?
Look down one’s nose at somebody or something
Liesel arrives having just stolen her first book
Why did the author choose past continuous
Why did the author choose past perfect for chronological events
Does 'expose' always have a negative connotation?
What's the meaning of "feed" in this context?
Why should we worry about the hormone level in our body OR bodies?
What's the meaning of "through" in this context?
Difference between be and become
Difference between "In front of" and "In the front of"
Present-perfect-tense vs. Simple-past-tense
How can I ensure that my pronounciation of [ɛ] and [e] is correct in spoken English?
'deep' in 'Beauty is more than skin deep.'
Can I use "concerned" like this? -- "It detects [something] and extends [something] of the concerned jobs"
on/in/at the beginning stage of something
dislocated screen
Is it correct to say, "what would he likes to eat"?
Adverb position
Which meaning of "but" is the correct one in "You are no longer a slave but a son?"
What do "gives a damn" and "sucker of that slime" mean in these song lyrics?
What does "Human eyes glare at each other, yours and theirs, desperate and resentful down on the pond bottom" mean?
When comparing two dates, what term is best used to say that one should come before the other?
How to talk about a reservation
Question about write off someone
"I should be doing my homework." Vs. "I should do my homework."
The meaning of "run its course"
Meaning of the following sentence
"Could" in various contexts
Question about meaning of "hit form" some other highlighted words in following passage
What does "gifted it straight back" mean here?
The meaning of "It was a wonderful show"
Could you simplify the last part of following piece of news?
Question about meaning of " apiece" in this context
"Does stats show" or "Do the stats show"
"know you are not alone" Or "know that you are not alone"
You also can reach us easily Or You also can reach TO us easily
Is my pronunciation bad?
Past Simple and Past Perfect
techniques to make/making a safe tackle
Meanings of "big time"
As fast as Or As fast?
Near Future, About to, Is to, Soon to
No fewer than VS at least
Finished last VS became last
Enter/Join A Line
"Starve a fever, sleep a concussion". What does it mean?
The usage of "against" vs. "on"
Can I use "I have long [past participle]" for an action I've done in the past?
noun (plural of singular) of plural noun
Question about "surely" and "certainly"
Don't take this (or that?) the wrong way
Term for one "story"/"node"/"item of news"
Doubts that are coming into/to the way of your growth
Is "the president's campaign" an equivalent of "the presidential election campaign"?
Would you ~? and Could you ~? and so on
The word 'oblige' is tricky to me
How to understand "She gives a dinner for me"?
The ambiguity of "not...until"
How to understand "for" in the sentence?
How to parse "I get ready for school"?
How to understand "the cold" here?
What is a DOPE bike?
"I can hardly wait for baby coming"
Which/that in a justification
Which between "crap" and "shit" is more rude?
Which is correct — "avoid fight" or "avoid fighting"?
paraphrase "tunnels beneath glacially formed sandy ridges"
Is it correct to say "human first" (or "human-first")?
Confusion regarding “to doing something” vs. “to do something”
Positioning of a participle phrase
Is "specific" an antonym of "unspecified“?
How could I explain these simple mistakes to my students?
Is "series" Plural or Singular?
White trash people
The difference between "come at a cost of/to"
"Have you seen her?" or "Did you see her?"
Question about "the" before names
The nuance of 'in' and 'inside'
yet with past simple
What's the meaning of this sentence "Does anyone ever get this right?"
What's the opposite word of "aforementioned"
job title for curriculum vitae
You are more concerned about the means rather than the ends.
'Walked up the drive'; what does it mean?
Can I use 'in' instead of 'at'? -- "I have more books in my house."
How to understand "more than" in the sentence?
Why do you say "I suggest TO you" but not "I honour TO you?"
What does the sentence "What do you understand about your business that other companies in it just don't get" mean?
What is the basic order of noun, verb, adjective, adverb etc? A very general format?
What's the meaning of "normalizing and centripetal power"?
Meaning of 'to abdicate responsibility'
What does this paragraph from a Startup Investor mean?
Who is a person with 'integrity'?
Difference between shall and should in this specific context?
what is the difference between 'em and them
what's the meaning of "chipped away at the fraying edges of their legitimacy"
Do we have "postponer" in English?
“Not to speak to.”
Nothing could be less like
"No one would understand which kind of products I'm talking about." -- is it correct?
How to ask my optician check my eyes for glasses in proper english?
Why is "will not have been" best used?
Difference between past, past perfect, past perfect progressive tenses
English equivalent for French "Moi oui"?
"reach an age when"?
What's the meaning of "check out"?
Proper reply for 'Happy Vacations'
hit for "snow" on Google image -> Does it make sense?
Usage of "go about"
What do we say "A big Flower Pot" in English
"could sought" in a conditional statement
'I am married 'and' have two kids' OVER 'I'm married with two kids'
What's a proper term for a 'bill presenter'?
Can "has been" be used in other than "continuous" forms of verbs? Below are sample sentences
In this phrase "none of + plural noun", why can the predicate use both singular form and plural form?
Are there other examples for the subdivision with definite articles
Is the term 'User Experience Designer' grammatically correct?
"Any correction" or "any corrections": Are they interchangeble?
'Proved itself' or 'Proven itself'?
what's the meaning of "mountain masses"
Wondering what the last sentence of this piece of news mean
Do we use 'work in' or 'at' a gas station?
A five-minute walk away the rebels have turned - meaning
That came despite an international agreement... - meaning, grammar
thumbscrews - meaning
"Black market" or illegal work?
What should this 'unexpected' refer to?
Main meaning of 'fastidious'
finish doing something (in the future)
Knowing nothing about her and **she** knowing nothing about you
A particular usage of "could"
What the difference is here? Are you seeing ? VS Do you see?
The part of zipper slider which you grasp to pull
Restoring relationship with friends
What's the meaning of "impossibly complex"?
What's the Meaning of “An Exercise in Stating the Obvious”?
Confusion regarding "confusion of"
What writing styles should I follow for my SOP(Statement of Purpose) to Graduate schools in The States.
grammar - lack or with low
What would be the plural form of "a child's pedal car"?
Why can adjectives like "cool" and "stupid" and the adverb "proudly" modify the verb "play"?
Hypnotically disturbing
How to judge when to end an attributive clause?
...a note from the Eurasia Group, a consultancy. - how to understand the last part "a consultancy"?
When can we omit "does" in the question sentence
What is telephone-number cash sums?
Why is one all the day, the other all day?
My baby moves violently in womb
I stretch after waking up
Then follow something and something... - is this similar to "then come something and something"?
What is "apartment landing"?
'X' clinics - what should replace 'X'? The problem or the solution?
"Is stolen" vs "was stolen"
Do we refer to conifers wood or resin wood when speaking of softwood?
He bad mouthing me
what's the meaning of "sufficient time"
Is the word "cloths" still used?
"Something will be available by some time"
Is it "I" or "me" in "Keep Tom and I/me updated"?
what's the meaning of "within a year of one another"
What does "There's such a thing as ..." mean?
Ringing key cities - meaning of "ringing"?
Separatists inflicted their biggest casualties yet for any single attack on Tuesday - I can't understand "yet for any single attack"
Java provides a grain that is easier to work with than against - a grain - meaning
Meaning of cannibalized
excellent though cookbooks are as resources for the programmer - I can't understand this phrase
Spread peanut butter evenly onto one side of bread
Sentence Using "Hence"
What is another word for “sh*t”?
Using "eligible" correctly
Equivalence of “sticking” and “poking”
Is it correct to use multiple tenses within a paragraph in a story?
In a list of elements spanning two or more pages, how can I indicate a continuation of the same list?
Why no 'the' in "embrace grammatical reform"
refund vs rebate
On a sentence from "To Haydon", a poem by Keats
The Western 'State of Gujarat'? Shouldn't it be 'The Western 'State of India'?
The use of the word *size* here
Simple Present / Formal Future use in this sentence
"Staple diet" or "Diet staple"
What do you call the guy who parks cars?
Two usages of "could"
What's the meaning of "massage me up right nice"?
More easily or most easily
Please help me to understand
Tom is taller than I?
What are the phrases for silly choices
What are the common interjections for unpleasant suprises besides alas
What's this grammar? The mystery of be
Put it into fridge
"If you can't love now, you're unable to love even later"
Is "in one go" British English or just English?
Difference between "get dressed" and "dress", "get changed" and "change"
"A few does" or "A few do"
Can I put the question word “where” at the end of a question?
"I'll come eaten" - is it correct?
About Causative form
The usage of "There you go"
I used to study at Cambridge School
Key Word transformation
Why it is not in past tense?
Is should the past form of shall?
Can we use 'Because' with 'Although'
How introduce a company in a letter?
How should I mention to this specific location in writing my address
"Our" class teacher or "my" class teacher?
to mix grain and grappa
Can "study" be used without an object?
What are differences between "during" and "while"?
What are differences between "job" and "work"?
what's the meaning of "if not"
Is the result of my translation grammatically correct?
Are there omissions of and or to, or are they bare infinitivals?
What the difference between "more than one" and "more than a"?
Take An Interest
Can this to infinitival be read both ways?
What is the name of the thing (awning) that we find over a car's windows?
Does "more than" mean "over"?
How can I say that I'm doing something without a valid reason?
I am eating "A baked salmon" or "Baked salmon"
"API is dedicated to mobile devices"
The meaning of purpose vs. scope
What are differences between "damage" and "injury"?
What are the differences between "lay" and "lie"?
What determines whether a word is used as a verb or an adjective?
Modelling or Modeling: When writing in British English, should you use US Spelling when quoting the name of a US book?
Agreement of tenses clauses
a JavaScript - with an article - meaning?
What is a pop-back ad?
What does "fold" mean?
Is the word "uncle-in-law" used?
Is there anything wrong with this 'Is there anything wrong'?
What's the difference between "word for word" and "word by word"?
What is this "The?" in this sentence?
"Where are you from?" answer
"is still being used" versus "is still used"
Can the word "A well person" be used?
"I'm born and brought up in India" - I don't want to use the 'past' tense here
What does she mean if a woman says this to a man, "Did you park your white horse outside?"
How should I interpret this sentence?
the clause introduced by "what"
'Who is who' or 'Which is which'?
How does one use multi-part verbs?
Which is correct, "go to swim", "go to swimming", or "go swimming"? What are the differences?
Is this correct: 'Every other line is white'?
Does 'may' here mean 'can' or 'might'?
About the sentence structure "Do you see where the sign is?
Is it correct to end a sentence with “I thought to myself”?
Why is "be" used here twice?
About 'on a dare', 'dare' in passive and 'daren't'
What is the difference between these sentences?
Why is it "If I were you" and not "If I was you"?
Pronunciation of the /h/ sound at the end of “yeah”
to stuff cake in every orifice
Can "it is" be discarded here?
Are these two sentences the same? What are the nuances in these two scenarios?
Can I say "at him" is a indirect object? How to judge the noun phrases to be a direct object and an indirect object?
The usage of "rob" and "fine"
from where & from which, during which & during which time
Which is correct: "be interviewed by us" or "interview with us"?
accounts both of A and of B
Is my understanding of this sentence right?
What's the meaning of "instead with"?
"quotation", added John -- Quotative subject-verb inversion
What preposition would you use?
What does “totes” mean in this case?
It (is) sold for
With someone's help
Rival and competitor + ter a finish product in the market
Shuffle Through Motions
What's the difference between mixture and admixture?
What does a concept mean in this?
"I just know that..." or "I just knew that.."
What does "race their flags on the boards" possibly mean?
How can I refer to an object that has been replaced by a new one?
Shooting death of man - grammar
Any suggestions on how to improve the sentence?
“file doesn’t exist” or “file doesn’t exists”
Is a “seam” only for sewn fabric?
I am confused by this definition and example sentence of the entry "split"
What does "east of the Indiana/Ohio border" mean?
Problem is Mine
Possessive/genitive case: "tradition of Holy Fathers" vs "Holy Fathers' tradition"
where he lives to avoid a corruption conviction he says was politically motivated - no "that"
Which subject/object does "their" refer to in this sentence?
'Best of Luck' Vs. 'All the Best'
'Golden spoon' or 'Gold spoon' -if the spoon is made of gold?
Should I write "all the data is correct" or "all the data are correct"?
Is this an archaic grammatical point?
Usages of "Important"
"Assume you are given ..." or "Assume that you are given ..."?
usage of "all of the tasks" and "all the tasks"
Can we use the preposition "on" before "the night"?
what's the meaning of "fit the scale"
“It is true that smoking is bad. So is it that drinking is bad.”
When to use gerund or infinitive?
"Would", used for speculation or inference
emerge naked/nakedly
Is it "a big guy for you" or "extremely painful for you"?
"Area of improvement" or "point of improvement" or synonyms
A most interesting book – "a" instead of "the"
AS IT IS and AS IS (AS as a conjunction and a pronoun)
What is the difference between "were" and "have been"?
What is the meaning of "one cup"?
Why should I use will not, instead of do not?
What does this esoteric quote mean here?
What does "Polka dot and plaid" combination mean?
Hope you are doing well
what does " flagship smartphone" mean?
How to understand "forgive sb for something / doing something"?
Meaning of "release" in "A complete release of X by each entrant"
How far calling an 'actress' an 'actor' is valid or acceptable?
Wondering what the word "glamour" refers to in this context
What is the meaning of "against one's disposition"?
Wondering what exactly is comparing here?
Tomato ketchup Vs Tomato sauce
"Be obsessing over" vs. "be obsessed with/by"?
"Sure" as an adverb
"Services marketing" vs "marketing services"
How many apostrophes are allowed in a sentence?
How cold is a dish that is served cold?
Sentence structure and meaning
"Quite" as an adverb with different definitions
It Is A Tradition
Sentence Structure With "So"
What is "user-replaceable"?
There she is, there he is, there you are, and there it is
reported questions (direct)
Usage Of "Override"
How to express "please be reminded"
The authors would thank
what difference between used to & to be used to?
Are these old-fashioned? 'drink of' and 'say of'
"Life changes; memories don't." A comma would be better?
Structure: Very Few Times
How to construct sentences about reunion
what does "broadly defined" mean?
What does "It is as good as any" mean?
Return From Living/Working
Difference between "ŋ" and "n"
When should we avoid "to"?
guilt overload - meaning
Made of or made from
What is "the" in "You will live the closer to the grace of God..."?
What is a term for someone who always forgets about his favours?
What is the difference between a 'pram', a 'pushchair', and a 'buggy'?
'not everyone is prepared' : Is 'not' a determiner?
How do you use plural or singular form of an adjective?
it’s every bit as possible to loop reliably - don't really get this
Provide A Distance Of
What is the term for 'a......a.....a...' in speech?
Explain usage of “have had been”
What is a term for someone who is too lazy to pull up his own socks, but always gives orders to others to do the (household) tasks?
What to call someone who cries out "wow" all the time?
What is a specific term for people who think that they're always right?
Can I use 'please' in this context?
What to call someone who always says he is doing something without a/for no reason?
What is a term for someone who either politely rejects an offer or doesn't make use of something that has been offered to him?
Term for someone who has an eye for detail
what's the meaning of "end on a note of" in this context?
"Now" vs "by now"
Conjugate a verb when you don't know the subject's quantity
Wondering what the difference is between "much less" and "let alone"
My hair is too dry and knotted
In ‘have to’, does ‘to’ have the obligation meaning?
Using "Go" or "Go Out"
Is "~ has it that ~" colloquial or can it be used in formal writings?
What is this "of" here?
Why is this "Only" used here?
What does this present perfect imply here?
important or importantly
how to say someone that glass has been used
What does this "what is" mean?
Is this the same construction as "make object adjective?"
"One's needs" or "your needs"?
What does "sleep early" mean?
"was" or "were"? -- "Several thousand pounds' worth of jewellery ____ discovered in his pocket."
What does "to the extent that you give it" mean in context?
Can I write "having been developing ... for about four years"?
What is the meaning of "you know, be the pie"?
What does "three deep" mean?
Parse "go all shaky on me"
What is this "beyond"?
Parallel constructions in "than" sentences
Didn't vs hadn't
Indefinite article before uncountable "drink" nouns, e.g. "a water"
It Was Noticed That
I find this sentence quite confusing, how to analyse it and get its true meaning?
Present Perfect and Passive Voice
What to call it when someone always looks for greener pastures?
I beg your pardon
'Let's move!' - is this okay in the context of going to watch a movie?
How is "or" being used in this sentence?
Use master thesis or master's thesis
Word for loading/unloading shipments for cargo delivery
I don't understand exactly this sentence
What is the difference among "Sign up", "Sign in" and "Log in"?
Can you use "Both" alone in this case?
"How so sure?" As a complete question
What's the meaning of "you're supposed to"?
Laugh your heart out or laugh your head off?
Why does "to have a prayer" refer to chance?
Is "than years gone by" grammatical?
What is this "all"?
"will have had" insted of "will have" - grammar
Require, request and requisition
"much of the sights" or "many of the sights"?
Is "intelligence" a countable noun?
Is there a better preposition for this sentence?
Is "insurmountable by" correct?
A pair of jeans vs tight jeans or blue jeans (without a pair) etc
A beer in hand vs a beer in a hand
Passive Extraposition
Can I write "at a pretty high outflow"?
Wondering what "so have" in this context really means
Which one is correct: Will be far from 'healed' or 'heal'?
Question about meaning of the word "crushing" in a supposedly impartial piece of news?
Tense agreement in the past irrealis conditionals
How do you used to feel / How did you use to feel
Did we able to solve your problems / Were we able to solve your problems
"In" or "into"?
We may would accept your story - Using may would together
How to revise the use of "and" in this kind of sentence?
What is the job title for a "car servant"?
"xxx at a piece" meaning the same score in a game?
What is the place in the office people grab coffee and snack?
Usage of "embed"
Using definite article
Usage of "against"
Which one is correct ? "I don't know what was that " vs "I don't know what that was"
Rotate out - meaning
The second or the third conditional?
Can I start a question with a pronoun?
You can't spell 'Slaughter' without 'Laughter'
How many grizzly bears did they spook in this sentence using “a couple of”？
'Committed', 'made' and 'did' a blunder/mistake?
"No, I didn't see him" vs "Yes, I didn't see him"
Meaning of "The rule is out"
"Made out of", "made of" and "made with"
The Ball From A Cross
Word for a sudden drop in ranking?
Does "toothache" refer to "pain in one tooth" or in multiple teeth?
What is this construction "would have been ...to have done"?
"Population has increased (up) to more than 10 million"
How can I decide when to use “for” + “-ing” or “to” + [infinitive] in a sentence?
"Would", being the short version of "would like to" here?
Stressed "would" vs. stressed "will": which explanation is more precise?
In what contexts are "subject" and "issue" not interchangeable?
How to phrase "I have always trusted and hopefully will always trust you"
"Not only will we ..." or "We will not only ..."?
When can you use "somewhat" and when can you use "a little bit"?
How could something convince something else?
Is calling someone 'ma'am' offensive? Does it make any difference to calling someone 'madam'?
"Cats are of three types"
He was mad or madly in love with her?
"A Day in the Life" vs "A Day in Life"
Dinner is lunch?
As expected or as expectation
What's the meaning of "a bleak shadow of"?
Use of Comma And Structure
The toddler is holding a lego on his hand
Does 'whistle blowing' have a negative meaning?
what's the meaning of "stuff like that"?
What's the meaning of "to start behind someone"?
A proud coward. Is there a word for that sort of person?
Help parse "smell crazy on him"
Difference between "a crowd" and "crowds"
As about - I was reading an article in that magazine. It was as about the new government policies
Using THE before some countries
A good title for a paper
"Student ... Business Administration". What preposition?
Title capitalization of hyphenated words
What does "for one" mean in this context?
When should I use "to" before "home"
Can we omit "to" after the verb "said" in some cases?
To go Or in going
Can I change from the Past Perfect to the Simple Past without changing the meaning?
Can I use once instead of after?
How to report a question, both directly and indirectly
"a LTS" or "an LTS"
"Do you want to go mummy there?"
What is the plural of octopus?
fall into a category vs. fall under a category
Putting do/does before the subject in not-question sentences
Kickin' your can all over the place - meaning
Speaking about a real event in the past when it has not happened
In the darkness or in the dark?
Land sales vs land sale vs sale of land
Zero article before "advice", "fish and chips", "lunch"
Meaning and correctness of "he was more understanding of her than of any of the others"
What is the difference between these sentences using past perfect tense?
What does one at all mean?
Using the comma separator before 'such that'
Is "singular noun + and + singular noun" singular or plural?
"the Poincare conjecture" but "Bolzano's theorem"
I'm here or I have been here
Does passive need direct object or indirect object of a verb
On math and what not?
What does "dread deeds" mean?
The meaning of "he stands to lose ten dollars"
It Happened That, As It Happened
Complex Sentence: word order in dependent part
change out VS change
What is the structure and meaning of this strange sentence starting with "it needs no prophet"?
"my" vs "mine" (adjectives vs. possessive )
"Generalize on/to/for" in mathematical texts?
How to say that a room has a lot of flies?
"OF" usage in the beginning of a sentence
Which is better?
Difference between why and what for?
How to read this formula aloud: "f(x) = x²"?
what's the meaning of "stretch before working out"?
What is the difference in meaning between 'concentrate ' and 'focus'?
What does “don't get cheap on me” mean?
What does "you could have" mean exactly? (I'm confused)
Word-request to express "teaching only one person"
"I'm interested in you" -- Is this sentence in a passive form?
What is the difference between "quick" and "expeditious"?
Why is using only one "a" enough in this sentence?
Does 'have to offer' in this context mean 'want to offer'?
Could vs. was able to
Win, Wins, or Won?
Meaning of "to put a particular truth before the world"
Do you use the phrase "that which" for the apposition?
Which one should I use? -- "you { would have been / would have / were } paid double salary by me"
Wondering if the two sentences below mean the same
Selling price or selling prices
Is the past perfect correct? - "I had forgotten that I was going to read ... when the guests came home ..."
I'm on the market
Which one is correct: "my little brother" or "my smaller brother"?
Past Perfect or Present Perfect?
Usin a proper preposition in this sentence
"Let's get started" vs. "let's start"
How do I parse “none privileged over the others as truer or more nearly in accord with things as they are, although not for that reason all equal.”?
Is "Come to (place)" when you're not at the place correct?
difference between "has to start" and "not started"
Which sentence is more appropriate?
What is wrong with this passive form?
What is the correct spelling, swordmaster or swordsmaster (with an "s" in the middle)?
what's the meaning of "tasking statement"? in intelligence settings
Legitimate usage of "like"?
How to differentiate between regular and irregular verbs
What does this sentence's comparison mean?
Is “come September” a kind of inversion?
What does this variable mean?
If I transfer 'ONE DOLLAR' into your account, is it a 'FUNDS' transfer or 'FUND'?
"made new" versus "new-made"
Is calling a 'money transfer' a 'funds transfer' valid?
I can't quite get the aspect of "that" in the following sentence
What is the tense of the archaic phrase "our ship was come"? Is it the same as "Spring is come"?
MS Word does not like 'any body' and corrects it to 'anybody'
what if I + what, past tense or present tense?
Is "What did you doing?" the wrong way to say it?
Tense disagreement with time adverbial: “had been wearing” used with “a week ago”
What is the earth made of?
passive - present perfect vs passive - simple present
Which sentence is more appropriate?
Another "I" vs "me" question
I am going to or I will be going to
Win by default: looking for an Alternative idiom
Is "four quarters" mean one hour?
Make its question given below
conditional sentence construction
Band Name Grammar
Run Up Expenses
"act as peacemaker" - why is there no article?
"Discrete word" meaning?
Difference between "last" and "for the last time"
Difference between “he kissed me” and “he had kissed me”
Usage of "even if temporarily"
There is this place
Non-deontic uses of "should have done"
This can / could be explained
An example for using "without + -ing"
The factors include... or Factors include.. (is article necessary)
How to say what I want to say
Can a comma follow an em dash?
Is "learnable" a valid English word?
Usage of "would expect / would have expected"
Why the present progressive tense is used in "you are coming from"
On my count and On my mark
Talking about Past Tense
Sentence Construction for past
How can a man turn from the terrace?
'the English grammar” vs. “∅ English grammar”
What is difference between 'it' and 'this'?
Position of not in questions
How to use the phrase "in terms of"?
Subjunctive and imperative
Past tense and prepositions
The preposition OF rules
Opposite of "The traffic is busy."
Pronunciation of mathematical terms "Mahlo cardinal" and "mahloness" by native English speakers
cheery / cheerily pick any charges
"Had they not intervened" OR "If they had not intervened"
When do we use the verb third form?
time or times (singular or plural)
Is correct the usage of simple past in the very moment of the speech?
What is the meaning of the verb “willed” in the following context:
What is this usage of "sooner?"
What is this construction of this?
Which word does this modify?
Is "so had I come to ... " archaic?
"on" 7th Street and 8th Avenue
should I use singular or plural verb
What does the phrase "starter pack" mean in the context of programming?
singular or plural
Paraphrase "Dusk closed across the house, sweeping its long shadows over the plain"
What's the difference between "next Friday" and "the next Friday"?
"Complain about" and "complain of". What's the difference?
Why is "in" missing from “... kick-start a party soccer style ...”?
Why is it not correct to use 2 conjunctions in a sentence?
Can we begin a question with "To" or "From"?
Can anybody give me some much less formal words or expressions in oral English which have the meaning as "sybarite" and "epicurean"?
What is a Filer officer?
"assignment" or "mission"? The job that a person does for their company in another city
Obtaining the mind maps and mapping them to the other language
How to use "would" and "used to"
"we were planning" versus "we planned"
is "y1 < x < y2" an inequality or inequalities?
English equivalent for French “se garer comme un chacal"?
Is this 'providing' a conjunction or an adjective verb?
In 'book a table for two', can 'for two' be interpreted as an adjunct?
How to differentiate p from b?
Break Off, Break Up
Correct plural usage for "hundreds" and "thousands"
What does 'feed off' mean?
What is the difference between "gerund" and "infinitive"?
What does this sentence mean full of metaphors?
Is this 'that' placed right?
What's the meaning of "easy" here?
Any English equivalent for the French expression, “endormir quelqu'un avec des propos"?
How to Improve Intonation?
What is the difference between "career" and "job" and "profession"?
Using 'too' as 'certainly'
Which preposition goes better in the below statement?
Am I wrong if I hear L?
Are you "making up" a story (to try to deceive me)?
Is this, 'just any', a mate?
"Fell like dead leaves": a continued action in the past or a completed action?
Questions using Are, Did and have?
Respectively - usage
Why does it add an extra "and" here?
"Was impressed by"
Good vs fine vs nice
Sentence construction asking question
the word "oink" - usage
Why 'rightfully belonging'?
Relative pronouns (where vs. which)
Confused about the expression "I dwell confined"?
"Dream of" and "dream about". Is there a difference?
What does "this… thrusting upon" mean?
Is the word "claim" offensive?
Please correct the grammar
What is the difference between "get" and "have"?
Which preposition goes better on the given statement?
What does "educated at university" mean, exactly?
What does mean "Six a year" in this context?
Should "the" be repeated when connected by "and" and "same"?
May I omit the definite article here? Or else it'll be 'the The'
In which situations is it OK to omit articles in short sentences?
Using present perfect tense for an action that is still in progress?
Use of “the” in “the chess of which he was so fond”
Difference between “Do you mind closing the window?” and “Do you mind my closing the window?”?
What is this usage of at?
The meaning of the word caser in the following context:
agreement with so and neither
What's the meaning of "for" in "the weather forecast is for sun"
Meaning of "Being a poor person for the job"
Is "at the poke of" a metaphor? Or an idiom?
Semicolon usage in a sentence
...as a young Navy ENSIGN in his dress whites - why does the word ensign (which is a noun) come after the noun "navy"?
The usage of "doing all this waiting" & "at the bone"
nurtured it to growth - how do you understand this?
What does "social fabric" mean?
What's the grammatical construction of "this book has built into it different ways"?
xxx of yyy (should xxx be singular or plural)
Tense matching problems, e.g.: “I found out Pat is/was male”
Is it still 'Honeymoon' if a couple does not go immediately after wedding; what's the synonym of honeymoon?
Manager in/at a private medical centre
using the verb "comes" in a question
Does “think much of” mean “remember” in this context?
Preposition used in comparing, "on" or "to"?
Is it correct to use by, at, around and after with the present perfect tense?
The usage of "out of the ball park" & "play up" & "lord and mistress over"
Grammaticality of "Had I got the time"
May I say "she never would be" or it should it be "she would never be"?
"to be + V-ing / V-ed" Passive or Active?
"Simple past" when talking about possibility
What image does this have?
'In' the past few years Vs 'Over' the past few years
american accent tool or website
Which sentence is appropriate using "seem" or "look"?
This sounds circular for numbers etc. - what's the meaning of circular in this passage?
Can we use "would have" conditional with the past simple tense or we should only use "would have" with the past perfect tense
The meaning of 'due' in "A change in strategy was due."
Does "landing" strictly mean the area of the top of a staircase?
A general word for leg wear?
Plural for words borrowed directly from Russian
Is there an expression for being the weakest student in a class?
Correct way to use "most written in" and "most written by" in one sentence?
"remember visiting" vs. "remember to visit"
"Which" vs "That" in complex sentences
Some lyrics that need a little correction!
Take A Gamble Of His Own
What does dropping "paint off the roof" mean?
My understanding of "could"
Debris or Remains
Succeed vs Successful
What is the meaning of "but" in this sentence?
Can we use 'what does she look' without the preposition 'like'?
What is the purpose of using "don't" instead of "doesn't" in this phrase: "But she don't know you like I know you Slim"
What does "well" mean here?
Should "know" or "knew" be used here?
Are these expressions still relevant?
Different ways to show Salutations in an email
What is the construction of this sentence?
Why is /æ/ conservative compared with /a/ in RP?
Difference between "Had to be" and "Was to be"
The anaphora of "quite the opposite"
Which tense to use?
With the event happening on Friday .. can this imply future tense?
Is this "ever" grammatical here?
Is "To be not invited is sad" grammatical?
there *was* a man and a woman
Is this an attributive clause?
What does 'Forward AND...' mean here?
What does "in the wake of" mean here?
Break a Cup of His Own
The correct word for filling out the application form
The meaning of baggage vs luggage
"He would have nothing of it"
How are "memoirs" counted as a "set"?
Why is it that no articles have been used in "He was more monster than man"?
100 USD/US$ Over USD/US$ 100
Is there an equivalent noun to "puppy love" for the elderly?
Can "all" be used with both singular & plural verbs?
"Those whose that is x" vs "Those whose that are x"?
What does "some topic 101" mean?
kind of X / kinds of X / kinds of Xs
Help parse "false as could be"
Why do they use small van in van Gogh?
"You can finish to do it soon" - What is wrong with this sentence?
"that the" or "that"
The Ball From A Pass
Difference between "snoop around" and "stick one's nose in other people's affairs"
Can we say 'she got out of her/the bed’ with a determiner?
I'm suspicious about ONLY ONE thing. Do I have a doubt or doubts then?
nothing /nobody has done something
What to call light food served at cocktail parties, that can be eaten on the thumb?
"will be given access"
Difference between and usage of "Them" and "These/those"
Is "at the first chance" correct?
Does placement of "not" have significance? Not to be verb, To not be verb, To be not verb
What is the meaning of "from the ground up" really?
How’s things going for you vs How're things going for you
"I learned that...." Vs. "I came to know that" Vs. "I found out that"
What does this "before" mean?
"Of His Own" Usage
Between vs. Among - "Difference [between | among] one thing and other things."
The ownership s
Sentence Meaning using "have always been"
Describe the difference(s) between A and B
'verb-ing' or 'to verb' after the verb 'continue'?
is 'the same to <somebody>' better than 'the same for <somebody>'
What meaning is this "leave"?
A footballer who doesn't pass the ball
Can this 'than' be replaced by 'from'?
What's the term for a person who can/will do anything for money?
What is the meaning of "pants time" in this review title?
The notion of "prose"
The usage of "be going to be doing something"
Can I say " Letting go and letting in" in one sentence without providing details?
Doubling letters before -ing
sufficiently different "that" they have
What are hobbies?
All Time In Pacific Time
Can the word “win” be used sarcastically either as a verb or as a noun?
Meaning of "beyond the point of"
Th sounds in English
Idiomatic Meaning of "Take A Chance"
"a spouse of" vs. "the spouse of"
Lose hope about life / Lose hope on life / Lose hope over life
confusion in words of differents verbs, how to make their present participle forms
Kyle had been born four years to the day after her mother had died
How to improve my listening skill?
What does this comparison mean?
"quite an institution" meaning?
For an article in the paper, one new or one news?
"until such time as he would have finished"
The word "prove" usage
What does "Earthly knowledge is but shadow" mean?
Is it possible that by "the ancient city of London" Twain refers to the Square Mile?
using the verb find or finding in a setence
As (It) Relates To
Should I use "years ahead" or "years after" in this case?
Bad translation "No need of cash?"
If 'Go not' is improper, why 'Mention not' is proper?
How would I want to see you!
Are percentages singular or plural?
What is the difference between "control" and "inspect"?
“About” vs. “around”
"May be the best" or "May be a best" or "Might be"?
Why don't we contract "it is" in "If it is, then..."
What is the difference between "certain" and "sure"?
The usage of "what else"
Does 'how do you like something' ask the state of it or the way of listener's how to dealing with it?
Is this baccalaureate sentence correct?
Difference between "had" and "was having"
Going For Glory
Can something 'refrain' you from doing something?
What is it "palm-rooms" from “Girl” by O Henry
Word order. Is that two sentences differ?
What job should I have or What job I should have?
When runners suddenly and dramatically lose speed on the last few metres, what verb do you use to describe that?
Are "one" and "one's" used correctly in these two sentences?
"Kyle!" She screamed it as loud as she could, praying inside as she did it
Departure To/For
Antonym of permission
To bend the searchers over double.
Confusion about adjunct and complement
English equivalent for French “Culture générale"?
English equivalent for French “la rentrée"?
"If I had known it will be cheaper, I would buy/have bought it tomorrow"
What is the meaning of "Redonkulous"; is it an English Phrase?
"Delusions dispelled" What grammar construction is this? Is this an idiom?
"The ( kind/type ) of stress those activities tend to (cause/give/provoke/other) ...". Which noun and verb should I use?
Product Line Run
English language formal "specification"
The more~, the less~
What's the meaning of "I seem to have memory of a time when things were different" in the context?
Counter-factual: Always subjunctive or sometimes indicative?
"In response to" or "in responses to"?
Should we use article "the" before pronouns. (he, she, them, it etc.)
an hour ago vs in an hour ago
Meaning of "Don't look down upon your own kind"
When adjectives become predicatives, do they also become adverbs?
Should I say soccer game or soccer match?
must and should
Reaction: usage as countable and uncountable
Difference between I would and Would I in following sentences
Difference between "all" and "any"
When can we omit the preposition "on" before weekdays
"Over at the works" vs "At the works"
Use of "unless" in "imaginary" conditional sentences
What does it mean "In love’s service only wounded soldiers can serve."?
Why are the subject and the verb inverted after the conjunction 'as'?
Should the reporter have used the definite article "the" before the phrase "old wine"
Which tense to use in a sentence describing past, present and future at the same time
Which sounds better: the Google headquarters or Google's headquarters?
Beyond/Above One's Reach
Move Into Clinical Use
...so is applicable to all environments - Where did the subject of the verb go?
Understanding Future-in-the-past time
How to use "as"
The mean of cool-eyed
What do these jokes mean?
What does "corporate conservatism" and "soulful rhythm" mean?
Is there any other way I can write 'shorts and overs' in the document?
Using 'very' to emphasize a 'noun' where emphasizing is NOT possible!
Be careful what you wish for
The meaning of "spinning" in this word combination
What does "within two years of the date" exactly mean
Why is "use" the correct word in the sentence “I hope (…) can be of use”?
Although, but, yet, meanwhile
Could this word, there, be read both adjective and adverb?
How to read Greste?
Why do we need "as" in "as listed in the following table"?
Look for any physical sign of him - you don't want to walk right by him
Should I mention Time/Duration in Past Perfect Continues Tense?
What tense is denoted by this construction?
“of my heart” vs “in my heart” and how to use prepositions correctly
A confusing word - 'formalities'
What does crooked timber mean?
"As" Usage Problem
Can 'chartbuster' be used for anything other than music?
Can we avoid the preposition "on" in same cases
Where to use "for" in the question
How do we describe this way of sitting?
Translation of snuff movies
Can we use the preposition "at" before the noun (hands)
Can an adjective be used in a plural form
What does percentage mean in this sentence?
"Underperform the debt"
Choose vs. Elect vs. Select – what are the differences?
The usage of 'so...as...'
Why did the author use past perfect as the actions are in chronological order?
"start" and "begin", is there a difference?
What is the passive of 'the teacher teaches us English'?
Help with converting active to passive (or vice versa)
Does "of the one there shall be 101" convey that 100 more creatures come to join the first?
Stretch Buttons On Shirt
"There was" vs "it was"
Using articles (a, the)
'All Yours' Vs. 'All is Yours' Vs. 'Everything is Yours'
Difference between "NEVER" and "EVER" and their proper usage
What does "premises" and "press full charges" mean in this sentence?
at the ...of or in the ...of?
What's the meaning of "run" in "run my phone and e-mail records"?
Why "a user" instead of "an user"?
Is this "either or" the same as "whether or?
Does English contain accented letters?
"though" vs "although"
How can 'scam' be an agent?
Are "shellfish" and "seafood" merely synonymous, or actually the same?
I can only take so many hours of cartoons without a break
"must" vs "have to"
Entry To, Entry Into
To which word does "all" belong? (in my case)
Diffrence between Are you and Do you
The rule for ownership s
Hang Between Two Poles
Appropriate use of commas
Help parse "could I help it that"-clause
"The reception **would be held** in that house"- tense?
'Out of curiosity' means I'm not curious at all. Isn't it?
Would (it) not be (verb) to ...?
Does "off" mean "beginning with" in this sentence?
Why I can't use "very" in this case?
Can I use "adj plus uncountable noun" between "as...as"?
unless & if not
"Does" question versus "is" question
"through an attrition of retirement" Did I hear it correctly?
Why I can't use “enough” in this sentence?
Meaning of sentence in the context
How would you refer to a Warlord?
“the joy of not being sold anything”
Soccer Dads and Hockey Moms
Looking forward to a reply
Past simple or past perfect in a subordinate clause
It was the same deal that deposed president Viktor Yanukovych BACKED OUT OF in November - I don't understand that part in bold
"We lived" vs "We were living" in the past tense
Guess what’s in here? Cake! Why there is no "a" article?
“When” as a synonym for “while”
Using "by the time he WAS 30," when he's only 27
"I am home" Really?
Does "as" mean "at the time that"?
Undertake An Extension
"the first time", "the last time", "the next time" followed by a adverbial clauses of time
Several related verbal or phrasal usages
What does this describe?
Grammar of "How came false Aegisthus to kill so far better a man than himself?"
What is this variant of remember doing?
Dr. Who says, "be my pal...". What does this mean in this context?
Should I say "what does it means" or "what does it mean"?
THEM / THOSE / poetry
Plan See Something
What does this clause mean in this case?
Why is the "Present continuous" used?
"deplete" vs "dwindle"
Present Simple vs Future Simple
Usage of "See" Phrases
who and what somebody is
Such As Relate To
What is the grammatical structure of this excerpt from Perdition in Our World?
wedding [of/from] Ann and Bob
There is no quality in this world that is not what it is merely by contrast.
That's what make/makes the beautiful ‪‎rainbow‬
clarification on using pronoun his/him against context
"learn to" vs "learn how to" and "teach to" or "teach how to"
Recalling and conditional
Is this indirect object an archaic phrasing?
Is this an extraposed relative clause?
What is the referent point here in this sentence?
Is there a missing definite article before caliph in 'the group's leader, XYZ, as (the) caliph'?
Can “not…either” be used in a interrogative sentence?
Understanding present continuous
Is “a little party never killed nobody” correct?
Order of words with and without the definite article
To Google something: capitalize or not?
What does this "as it might prove" mean?
What is an industry of 'hiring freelancers' called?
Grammaticality of “several of them she did not deem good enough, but there was one which”
Collective 'they' for singular subject: socio-linguistic impact
Special use of 'might' and 'could'
Usage of "12-for-12"
What does the "same positive emphasis" mean?
if-clause+present continuous
"This time there is nothing unsafe about my footware"
Is 'policy actions' used as an idiom?
Is “stop believing that your current state is anything but temporary” a mistake in meaning here?
Is this usage of the verb "had outfitted" correct?
Naming high productivity group and low productivity group
threading of thick woods
An army of hackers put America's power grid in its sights - meaning of in its sights
How to say the one before a last one of a last one of a last one?
A new look at the news!
What is the difference between "Thanks much" and "Thanks a lot"?
Valid transformation of “the US has used prosecutions against Credit Suisse AG and UBS AG to glean information on Americans hiding overseas accounts”?
"to getting" vs. "to get"
Does 'indecently' of 'indecently assaulting' weaken the meaning of assault?
Timepass or Passtime - I'm confused between InE and IntE
The problem is if they believe what I said
Is There A Hyphen Limit When Hyphenating Words?
How to understand this sentence
to be+infinitive and present progressive usage
Having trouble to understand sentences which contain "against"
To use or using
Usage of adjectival form versus nominal form
I'm confused which article to use, "an" or "the"
'An avalanche of mail'? - it should be 'mails', shouldn't it?
Is “if you are the last one left the office” correct?
Parts of speech of "Those" and its usage
"To think" idiom
Understanding of a particular type of 'if... will'
Anyone can find the answer himself vs. anyone can find the answer themselves: what reflexive pronoun should I use with anyone/anybody?
It may would be tough
Is this sentence about fire fighters correct?
What is the correct title for a "Book of abstracts"
Who have come/came through this pain
Learn by themselves/on their own?
One of the best gift / gifts in my life is love
Is evolutive equivalent to evolutionary?
the meaning of "I would not wish a British chef on anyone except the French tax collectors"
Present progressive vs shall/will
What is the meaning of "Couldn't we leave before noon"?
Ambiguity of "might have/could have"
What is the antonym for come off?
How do I say 'I will see you' if I want to teach you a lesson or take revenge?
Words choice in math related question: "Is this notation [ valid / correct ] for [ showing / expressing ] this summation ?"
Can "Due to" and "because of" appear in the same sentence as in this example?
Meaning of "around as" and just "as"
that / in which / in that / which
In/On The Mountains
Come autumn - meaning
So had their sandy-brown dog, its dead body mangled in the remnants of a destroyed metal fence - where is the predicate?
should use singular or plural with numbers ? 5 years experienced or 5 year experienced?
When there are refutations to what a person is confidently saying
As Allowed By Law
Request a context for a hypothetical use of "could"
The sentence, containing going to + infinitive construction, without context
Is it unpleasant to be called English when you're Scottish?
The phrase ``set agoing''
Putin's move 'an empty fob' to Mr. Poroshenko
What does "transgress in nothing the clear pronouncement of reason" means?
What exactly is different in "plans" and "future predictions"?
What is the meaning of "proceed"?
Do you say "I just knew" or "I knew(know) just now" about something you realised very recently?
As It Happened, It Happened That
Pronounciation of "Syncing"?
How to say “vollschwitzen” (German) in English?
When to properly use Present Progressive statements?
The sentence wherein 'Resent' is not 'Resent' - the confusion about a wonder verb
Question inversion after comma and statement about it?
Poroshenko’s role is to reassure... - why the infinitive form?
It's catching up with you but good
How to refer to the different types of first names of a person?
Which parts of speech does Conjunction Reduction work with?
Question about this white regulatory sign
tolerance: "practicing" it, "living" it?
(The) construction of the plant started in 1963
"Keep dreaming" vs. "keep on dreaming"
Understanding the future perfect
The use of 'the' in this sentence?
How to appropriately arrange this description
Why look at him? Vs 'Why to look at him?
What does "scramble to one's hands and knees" mean?
Some different words for "may be"
Asking for instruction with present and future simple
Account At/With A Bank
'Would' vs 'should', expressing expectation on the part of the speaker
In an organized way and "having kept their weaponry"
All our problems would/will go away from us
Expand Authority To Standing Basis
Can "alternative" mean "choice between"?
Meaning of "mild community infections" and "phylogenetically clustered serotypes"
Question about meaning of "Legoland"
Does this construction, could have p.p., have the intensifying meaning?
Meaning of "I'd say tomorrow."
Is there missing subject in 'a credit to whichever house becomes yours'?
Two distinct usages of "could" here?
Reference Time and Event Time in the Pr. Progressive tense
Usage of the Present simple and the Future Progressive
What does "smart with someone" mean?
What does "sucking on the night as it came"
What does "it would have been then" mean?
What does "bite" here mean?
More than three months on - parapharse that expresson for me, please
People who make me feel bore/bored
the damage wrought - meaning
Death Rate From
How is "one" used in different contexts?
Question about this white regulatory sign : left turn yield on green
help you do (or) to do something - difference
How to say that I hit a car (by accident)
Do we need to use "to" in this sentence?
Informatics vs. Computer Science
``Bring forth on'' in Gettysburg's Address
What does this "merely" imply?
What's the difference between "used to like" and 'liked'?
here comes/there goes-like structures
position of 'only' and the respective change in meaning
How to express strong decision?
Translation of "building the sense of concern of others and what surrounds us"
"Wow, what a car!" - Is it okay if I say 'Wow, what the car!"
What is the construction of "It's the best there is"?
How to call people with two racial backgrounds in English?
"...at that" expression: meaning
Help parse "There is much more to preventing employee crime than background checks..."
Do verb tenses have to remain absolutely consistent through a piece of writing?
How to say that there is a poster located on the wall of my room?
Sail to discover those magic islands
How can we say someone is falling into sleep and awakening repeatedly?
A Twist Of The Unexpected
"5 years experience in" or "5 year experience in" or "5 years of experience in"?
Usage of I and Me
what is the angle position of an object?
Twining his hands "in" the spider thread - why "in" instead of "around"?
As regards my sentences, would you tell me why it would be incorrect to use "all what"?
What does "divided highway" written on a white regulatory sign mean?
"quite" vs "pretty"
There is nothing 'free', it's always 'free of cost' - is it right?
Wondering if the following sentence is completely written in English
What's the meaning of "it was collapsing in on itself"
What does "that of" here mean?
to join someone in doing something or on doing something
somebody/something has yet to do something
Use of would and verbs in past
"As to something" vs "as for something"
as chief ideologist - article omissiom
Syntax of "want X VERBed"
Construction 'of' the plant vs Construction 'on' the plant
Usage of "when" for non-time phrases
“Do not spell out” meaning
went off and used surveying instruments - meaning of "went off"
Meaning of "somebody/something to verb"
English equivalent for French "manquer de réussite" in a soccer game
What is this usage of enough to do.?
What does “To have had enough to eat would have been to have reached paradise at once.” mean?
Is there certain rule to discern which modifies noun which modifies verb?
What is the rule for fronting object for emphasis in written English
What does "if not" mean in the given sentence
What is the meaning of "to learn to one's cost"?
Bleed From Shackles
Is "of which" always followed by "the"?
meant and mean both words are same meaning?
If you 'discount' me, you are 9! Is that okay?
built / had built
What are the phrases about "greener grass"?
Meaning of "On" in "Roll On"
Would you tell me about more about if I can use the phrase OF WHICH?
Question about meaning of the phrase "unless otherwise"
Undivided highways?
What does this quote by Faulkner mean?
Confusing word order of "more a lowering of some positions..."
"I am not really liking it very much..." vs "I don't really like it very much..."
But few doubt that - meaning
Go about it another way
Difference between "lady" and "woman"?
Wear A Hat To/Into
One who can't keep secrets?
Is it convenient or are you convenient? - How to use the word 'convenient'?
"look forward to meet you", or "to meeting you"?
Why isn't there 'by' in this passive voice?
"That's the reason why she spoke" & "That's the reason she did so"
Would someone please tell me the reason for using will and would?
After which or after that
"Those who" vs "Them who"
How to understand the structure of this sentence?
Plural of "that's my boy"
What does this mean?
In 'having trouble -ing', does the 'ing' have progressive meaning?
parse: stop short of doing something
relative pronoun omitted
Convince referee "of" foul play
Use of Would have been
Understanding the past progressive
How do you pronounce, "minestrone"?
Who calls 'where' a preposition?
Subject-verb agreement with "what-clauses"
What does "fought by tears" mean?
"I'm tired of she keeps bugging me" or "I'm tired of her bugging me"?
Up vs. down with verbs
Question about meaning of "till you dropped"
Is there any special adjective like 'award-winning'?
Reach Agreement With
Is the word "the" necessary here?
Tense simplification in the present or future irrealis conditionals
'order number 1 and 2', 'orders number 1 and 2', or 'order numbers 1 and 2'?
meaning of been?
One of the soldiers heads off to relay information - head off - meaning
Would you tell me if I have used *so...that* properly?
Can 'Well' be used to mean "very" or "really". Can it be an adjective
cf. figure 8: good or bad?
X differs from Y in that Z: better way to say it?
Out Of The Office, Outside The Office
Is it possible to use "after a long time" or "after a long interval" this way?
Is this given sentence legitimate?
Inversion in condition clauses
Difference between 'Go to a movie' and 'Go for a movie'
Replace Sentence with phrase or particular word?
Comparison evaluation or comparative evaluation?
better understand vs better understanding
Hacked E-Cigs meaning
What could/can excite you the most right this very moment?
Parse "Inflation surge and asset prices to alter monetary policy"
"Choice of" usage
Can this 'how' be a fused relative?
Is "my heart has been slice and dice for you" grammatical?
Should I use "by" or "at"?
Should this sentence use “is ambitious” or “is ambition”?
I don't understand the meaning of "just" in these sentences
Why can "after" be used to say "in honor of"?
What does "quote unquote" mean?
What does "hang the sense of it" mean?
In "I wonder what he is", what is what?
Limit Of, Limit To
Mason Says, Commas
``Let keep it clean'' or ``Let us keep it clean''
What is this called?
Advice on understanding ''advanced'' sentences
The Present Perfect Progressive and the Simple Present Perfect
...had been caused by rebels out to discredit - out - meaning?
How do I pronounce 1/4 bath, 1/2 and 3/4 bath?
Question about meaning of "community" and "interior features: 2 story" in a context of renting a house
What is this usage of "have [Object] [Complement]?"
What is "Lower"?
formal subject & real subject in "It's obvious where our interest lies"
When would you use "How" in a meaning similar to "that"?
Which of these three expressions works to ask somebody how late he was for school?
Tense change in reported speech
A "to" between two verbs?
What about "that"?
Why does my spelling checker mark these contractions as incorrect?
Would you tell me what the difference is between 'the tiger' and 'tigers'?
Question about "interior" when talking about house in this context?
Difference between 2 story when talking about interior and construction in an advertisment
What does 2+common walls mean in this ad?
What does off street in this rent house ad really mean?
What does "power group" mean?
college admissions tests - why is "admissions" in the plural?
jihadists the world over
I was waiting "in" vs "inside" the tent for amazing view (outside)
Can one discern the verb solely from this sentence?
Is "atop" the same as "on" here?
What is the best way to describe "fixed, routine gag" by comedians?
Bring To A Settlement
Is this a comparison construction: to redefine it as appropriate?
Question about the word "distance" in this context of driving
A word for ''Try to solve some difficult problem once more''
Speculating about past events
"Dear students" and "dear colleagues"
Difference between (in / for / ∅ / during / over) the (past / last) three years
Some good alternatives for "I mean"
What does below sentences mean by using "Being"
What is this comma? Is it necessary?
What is this strange inversion?
Correct syntax for capital letters
Why is this sentence correct (I would have said that there is something wrong with the tense)
IS or ARE? "The only thing that I want you to hit right now IS/ARE the books"
Why is "mantis about" written the way it is in "Look out! mantis about!"
How to say a file is very big?
In this “putting a price /pʊtɪŋ-ə- prʌɪs/”, is there /g/ in between?
Using "did" twice in the same sentence
handed down to them from teachers past - past - meaning
The difference between get + pp and be + pp
Does this paragraph suggests that .....?
An 'End-to-end Solution' or A '360-Degree Solution'? Is there any difference?
If I'm extremely hungry, I'm 'famished'; if I'm extremely thirsty, I'm .....?
Question about meaning of the word "decaled" and " on-ramp"
What does this phrase mean " follows specific width requirements"?
Could you simplify the last highlighted sentence?
Question about difference of getween "lane" and "line"
'The Finale' or 'The Final' when it's NOT about a music event
Question about meaning of "cut the corner"
"Be unable to do" or just "unable to do"?
No ghosts need apply
Question about meaning of the word "across"
Usage of 'close', 'snap' and 'prospect'
Approaching meaning in this context
Words that differ only in the suffices -cal vs -able
Could you simplify the highlighted sentence , please?
automobiles >as they relate to people< - What does the *as* clause modify?
Commas in 'reliable, secure, translation company'
Year so yearly, hour so hourly but then what for minute and second?
what's the difference between did and was doing?
What's the meaning of "Grandma doesn't do Anaheim" and why is it funny?
am I using "that" in the correct way please?
I have yearned for a/the chance to speak to a true geometer
What is the difference between "event" and "incident"?
What is held pending trial?
Is this a correct verb: Irregularizing
Gender neutral word for alumna/alumnus
/ɛ/ vs /æ/ sound
what does "up" mean in this context
as the result of; as a result of
'simply’ is posed before a negative when whose meaning is absolutely?
sky, skies; heaven, heavens
Proper Spelling
''Amoral'' --- ''lacking sense of morality'' equivalence?
Put it back wherever you found it
Is this an incorrect use of the word "cosy"?
Help me understand this quote: "There are two kinds of leaders, cowboys and shepherds. Cowboys drive and shepherds lead."
Does "aristocratic" have a derogatory meaning in current usage?
name for someone who support the administrative and managerial aspects of research projects
ten years use VS. ten years of use
'Resonant frequency' or 'resonance frequency'?
Polite way to ask about paycheck
Obligation Is Always To Family
when to use the linking verbs is and are
What does "hopefully" mean here?
“I capitalised this letter”
Can 'come up to' be used in the context of a bill?
Can we intensify the word continue?
What does (R-TN) after a name mean?
The meaning of 'Yeah, Right."
Is "shopping" a noun, verb or a gerund?
at all; and that
Finger tips to add "es" and "s" to an action verb to convert a base form into a third person singular form
When to use was and had been in Passive Voice?
What is this inversion?
Duty and Obligation
rump rebel organizations - "rump" used as an adjective
Do we 'wish' something negative?
all you need to do is figure out - if "figure out" is changed to "to figure out", how does the meaning change?
Is this use of "have" correct?
not unattractive VS. not an attractive
What does this quote mean? BY SHAW
Do you use "in" or "into" or "on"?
'with the profession' or 'in the profession'
Common ownership
Data Through Year
"Best Trainee Turner competition" vs. "competition for the title of 'Best Student Turner'"
Is added or has been added
Classes where boys work with their hands
phrases like on my own, by myself, and alone
The month starts to..?
How to tell that event was from Time1 to Time2 and is not finished yet?
preposition to be used for pandora's box
Noun Phrase, Preposition Modifier
'infer' vs 'extrapolate'
Usage of "estimate" as a noun
Is there a term for nouns used as adjectives?
english speech courses?
carry something (with me)?
How many “as”es are required in “as X as Y”?
have been to/was/stay
this where and that where
Since and Because
Sustained and Sustainable
diffrence between two sentence, Please explain it
Goal From/Off/On Long Pass
I didn't see him / I haven't seen him
when should we use "being"
Book Is/Was Divided Into Sections
marry; get married
Receipt, reception and receiving
The polite term for a mistake
What is a word or an idiom for "an act that makes alive something inanimate"?
Use of whereinsoever
Help parse "the sanctions come as travel bans and asset freezes... failed to ..."
The preposition after verbs in special questions
It has been three years since & It is three years since
“Upon his arrival”
please explain these sentence and why we use being?
"correspondence from A to B" or "correspondence between A and B"
4 concerns about the passage below
How to say cut a packet horizontally/vertically/diagonally?
What does "in using" mean?
You're welcome even if you come next?
What do we call an act of making sounds from bending/twisting body joints (as in knuckles)?
Subject + am/is/are + to + verb
Why am I punished for the thing that I did not do intentionally? He broke my arm Vs. I broke my arm
What is the name for The husband to the Lady President or head of state
Does 'bite' in surgery equal 'stitch'?
Absent some decisive and conciliatory moves from the rebel leadership in Donetsk, ... - no verb?
Can "whenever，wherever, however" be used in noun clauses?
whose plus a noun
"What/which actors do you admire most?"
What is the difference between "girl, lady, and woman?"
beat me over the head with it
Did or Do with (past) verb in question
What is the correct term for being the first to play in a turn-based game?
What age does this 'golden age' indicate?
Lewis Carroll is confusing me
"Not to put too fine a point on it"
How do we understand "Being a fan is better with friends."?
Wondeting what the highlighted part of the sentence below means
Meaning and the position of "all" in a sentence
"longer", "for longer", or "more"
Why not past tense?
Can we use the adverb only at the start of a sentence and followed by a subject?
What is the difference between "tall and high?"
Why should already negative sentences have 'no' in them again ?
What are those sets of pages called which a user can see when not logged in?
Alternatives to "make it sound"
adj plus if-clause
have to : "used to say that something is very likely"
What does "pertinent biological information" mean in an essay
Why do we not use these helping verbs (do, did and does) in positive sentences?
Play Through Pain
What the demand is going to be like for it in the future
Difference between "Ashamed" and "Embarrassed"
Would you tell me which one you prefer? such as or such
Correct use of 'at all' after a verb
with a bill of particulars that stretches right to the rug in front of Putin’s desk - what does this mean?
Is it possible to say "That building is getting more and more higher."?
Correctness of "I had been X (profession) for some time"?
You can keep your bowlers black
Use and omission of the word "which"
What kind of structure is this?
Is this correct to use "tell" in this following word?
What is the taste of an unripened date or plum?
Is 'a flat horizontal surface' redundant?
English translation of Spanish imperfect tenses
"For which kind of conjunctions we need comma?"
Difference between don't, won't and wouldn't in the below mentioned example
Flock, Swarm, Throng, Platoon, Gang: What is the difference?
Night Fall Over
Meaning in context: through yield, return 15%, etc
Divided Among Groups
Question with 'top up for mobile'?
I heard this very often, "...aren't I"
"His graduation to dictator took years" — wny no article in front of "dictator"?
Contrary of "As its/their name indicates"
a secret to lead; a secret to leading
What do these anaphors refer to?
transferred negation
The tricky prepositions (for vs to) in English
What does "for ten percent of the time" mean?
Toy Line (Production) Run
How to specify a certain year in a senctence?
Question about meaning of "footprint" , "uniform" , ""uniformity" , "apply" and "scope" in this piece of news
Reviewed Data Starting From 2000
"Tell the truth" without any object
how should I ask a barber for a bald haircut
What is the difference between "barely" and " hardly" ?
"self-contained"
Using the definite article with company and company group names
different usages of the verb AGREE
Which one is most general way to refer to a generic item?
What's the object of the verb "to bug"?
What does the word "a**holes" mean in this context?
What are the different usages of the word "strike"?
Does "be sitting" mean "action" or "state"?
use "whether" rather than "if" after "discuss" and "doubt" in an object clause?
Difference between "sue/charge/accuse/litigate/bring a suit/bring an action"
I take breaks Vs I do take breaks
Something a 'stone's throw away' from something - what's an apostrophe and an article doing there?
fertilizer grades most in demand: forming the phrase
How do I express this? "Did it (to) you?"
Ask The Way To London
Scrubbed on the paper vs scrubbed at the paper
"This made tears creep to/from her eyes"
Plant's output amounted to 10 000 tonnes, which is (was) 20% higher y/y.
crescent of pastry / pastry of crescent
In The Way In Which
About the idiom in Hindi (चुल्लू भर पानी में डूब जा) that literally translate 'Go, commit suicide"!
"question of why..." vs "question why..."
"A Rule That ...." Structure
"Using Causative Verbs"
Which kind of adverb clauses that show us Cause and Effect?
use "if" rather than "whether" when the object clause is negative?
I once read that “The beauty of life is its change” and that “the act of life lies in a constant readjustment to our surroundings
Can an “if-clause” be used as an extraposed subject?
The conditional use of 'could' in the movie quotes
Is it grammatically correct to use 'successfully enough' in this context
What are you doing?
What does "quarter" in Arachnid Quarter mean?
What is the difference between "do you like" and "would you like"?
Conjuncting : Is this valid word
"People are opting to pay their bills" — grammatical or not?
Determine and Understanding Run-On Sentence
Difference Between I'm and I am
"You are" vs. "you're" — what is the difference between them?
What is the relationship name of my in-law's sister/brother and their children?
noun clause & attributive clause
Where I put Initial?
"...easy enough, except..." Is this correct?
with it come/comes?
defend from vs. defend against
How to refer to an entity composed of multiple persons (it or they)?
A single word for "merely reporting a fact"?
Is it grammatically correct to use 'carry out' in this context?
Is it grammatically correct to use 'In the present job' in this context?
'I produce and rebuild' or 'I refurbish and fabricate'?
Why is the past tense used here instead of the present?
What does "or you risk" means?
Can a predicative clause be simplified to a gerund structure since both of them could be used as a predicative?
Should I use 'in the profession of manual turner' or 'as a manual turner' in this text?
"As...." Structure
what is the difference between "walking" and "go walking"?
Since or Because?
What does "Charge Shot!!!" mean?
What is a candy or chocolate bar packaging informally called?
Meaning of "Then again"
Meaning of "rocking him sideways"
Different Meanings of "In The Way"
someone I did not know but whom would soon become - why is it "whom"?
What does the meaning "to being" in sentence above?
"Wake up me" or "Wake me up" ? "Switch off the lights" or "Switch the lights off"?
sold/were sold/being sold
What does "you have twitches to-night" mean?
What does "change them it does" here mean?
At my daughter's school, I found a word 'videoed'
Talking about the future in the sense of 'prediction as order'
'Changed' in 'She is changed' - an adjective or a verb?
Russia 'Fired Rockets INTO Ukraine' - BBC
Question about meaning of "per capita" in this context
Could you simplify the highlighted parts , please
Could you help me with this passage on Houston?
Question about meaning of "closely held" in this context
Question about meaning of "accept commerce" , "spur" and "inland"
Restive Northern Mali
I pictured [him], working hard - Why the comma?
Why didn't you?
"who" vs. "whom" and when to omit the relative pronoun
except the baby’s and its is perfect
Do you know any friends of hers; Do you know any friend of hers?
When to Use Indeed
Is "throughout" used in this sentence as a verb?
Difference between "where are you from" and "where do you come from"
When to use Thumb rule
Usage of “gauge”
Difference between these 'killing' words
Difference: Surely vs Indeed
enter a law school; enter law school
Dangling "There" Reference
How do I pronounce these fractions?
What's the difference between "has been living" and "has lived"?
What does "out of energy" mean?
Is "ones of those" grammatically correct?
What is the word that can replace "even if it is"?
"stagger to one's feet"
Could you please explain the meaning of "skyline" in this context
Usage of “That's final”
object complement after "due to"
"maintains his army had to buy the mortars"
Ongoing Availability
Go Into Stalemate
It was the most helpless I have ever felt in my life - what does "the most helpless" mean?
Using "have been"
Breakfast + lunch = brunch ; lunch + dinner = linner ; breakfast + lunch + dinner =?
What's the meaning of "stand" in this context?
All of them are wearing an orange shirt. OR All of them are wearing orange shirts
Is the sentence "How is <name>" localised to game-specific forums?
What does this quote from Shakespeare mean?
What's the meaning of this present perfect sentence?
Is this usage of "send" correct?
is "little such [noun]" acceptable?
Differences between "We climbed high so that we might get a better view" and "We climbed high that we might get a better view"?
"such that" & "such as to", "so...that" &"so...as to", "such...that" &"such ...as to"
What does "as to" mean?
Words represents sounds - stick hitting road & noise in a radio station
She was so angry (that) she couldn't speak & There was such a lot of rain (that) we couldn’t go out
What have we done that you should be so angry with us? - "that" clause of result？
I’m sunk - meaning
Sweeping past - meaning
TV spot vs commercial?
Go Into Exercise
What are the viewpoint and lexical aspects of the following two "stand"?
what is the difference between "yet" and "still"?
As beautiful a girl as *well might* be?
Which is his name: the Fat Friar, Fat Friar?
Go Away To College
Difference between "I don't mind" and "I don't care"
Can I omit "that" in the following sentences?
As-Clause Dependent
If "so that, in order that, in case, for fear (that),lest" introduce adverbial clause of purpose
Omitting "that" in "such that"
Is it vaild to use "to" with "home"?
"Has been" versus "was" for a past event
Types of Oranges?
differences between in one day & one day
"It's secure" versus "It is secure" - which is correct
Error: Caught A Pass
Why not accrues?
"good about 〜ing" versus "good at 〜ing"
What is the difference between S' and 'S?
what is the difference between "like" and "as"?
What does "look up to it" means?
Agreement of number in relative clauses
a report out Monday that... How should I understand "out"?
Question about "as anything"
What does "featured event" mean?
What does "to make quite a show about going into action" mean?
agreement of the word augur
How make salutation to multiple recipients `Dear Sussane, David & Joshua`? (and other queries)
"At the age of 23, she [become] a doctor"
past simple or present perfect?
The sun is a large object, WHILE having a diameter of nearly a million miles
Use 'this' or 'that' to refer to the original post in a comment
It looks as if it’s going to rain
"to make a tired point": is it an idiom?
differences between way & in a way
What does 'Be gone' mean in this expression
usage of but & although
When to pronounce ‹s› as /z/ in the middle of words?
How can get along the “uncertainty” with the “certainty” in the same context
"Reason to visit" or "Reason for visit"
Be he right or wrong?
Could you simplify the highlighted parts
Question about the meaning of the word "treat" and "moderate" in this text
Opioid VS narcotic in a pharmacology context
Which of the follwing is true while reading the sentence
Perfect Tense with and without agent
Difference between "I'd like to" and "I'd like that"?
Is it possible to say this?
"non-personal reasons"
Usage Of "Make For "
Meaning of "I will have you"
Could you help me with this passage
What does "french me" mean?
The relative pronoun 'which' in this sentence AND the ensuing omssion
What does let oneself into somewhere mean?
What does "two eye fulls" mean in this context?
Is "bask someone in something" legitimate?
The meaning of "shooting" in this sentence "Here's the HTML we're shooting to generate"
Using "Base In" Correctly
"as" as a conjunction or preposition
to be down to something - meaning
? Your boss tells you not to bother taking off your coat
I have something urgent {need / needs} your help?
In The Meantime
Meaning of 'yet' in "I hope yet to live..."
"admit" vs "admit of"
'...late night' vs. '...late at night' vs '... late in night'
What does "to top matters off" mean?
What could be the answer to this Oxford's example sentence?
as suggested & as is suggested & as it is suggested
Is this way of reading the number 334400 correct?
Usage of "wanna", "hafta"
Put Under Investigation
What does "It's I'll be here" mean?
More than 9 hundred as hundreds?
Usage of word ME with nouns
Is "consign" a negative verb?
Lift Up, Lift Back
Could you please define the words contributors and span in the following text in a very very simple English
What does this structure mean?
Usage of "lose" in the context of place
If "want to" be pronounced as wanna, then what about "wanted to" and "wants to" and etc
invoke vs. evoke vs. inquire
What does "a man apart" mean?
Confused about what "Sometimes choices make you" means
The application draws all of an image, unscaled - the image is not scaled when the application is finished drawing it - correct?
What does "doctor" imply? Medical doctor or PhD?
How are numbers such as thousands or millions pronounced?
'It has rained for two hours.' Is it raining now? or It stoped raining now?
Is this past progressive sentence?
Meaning of 'precipice' in the sentence
"be to do" versus "have to do"
What does ''formal" mean in "formal park" phrase?
"we are not holding below booking any longer "versus " we are no longer holding below booking"
What does "go around it" mean?
What's the meaning of "Smithian skeptism" in this sentence?
Discerning the correct position of adverbs
How to introduce diversion in a paper
A fantastic excerpt for learning the usage of prepositions
Guided tours in English and Spanish languages.
'Should have' in a factual sense
What does "dat 14s drop" mean?
Are the words "harmless" and "interests" ambiguous in this context?
Usage of "If any"
What does this 'that' mean?
Fundraise From Something
"It was a time of heroes and villains, of battles and castles, intrigue and cunning."
Usage Of "Achieve"
Is *a* optional after *both*?
Alternative ways of saying "...., right?"
What does "ethnic X", where X is the people of a country, mean?
Besides oil and the oil wealth stash, Russia has precious little - what does precious little mean?
She's a twin to her brother? Is it correct?
Opposite to 'online' where 'offline' won't work
Which is the correct question ("Who has" vs "Who have")?
What does "on the ground" mean?
"Something is scheduled starting AS OF tomorrow". Is this the correct usage?
Is the “Is it that <fact>?” construct valid English?
“provide” vs. “provide for”
Do I need "a/an" or "the" in this sentence?
How to reason the etymology - “to proscribe”
What does "all of six months" mean?
What does "catch up with oneself" mean?
"Networks must maintain data on 'its' users..." Grammatical mistake by BBC News?
What’s a good question tag here?
Similar ways of saying “You understand me?” and “You hear me?”
Push Language Skills
How could one 'sit on the hearth'?
"Plays no games" vs. "doesn't play games" or "Says no words" vs. "Doesn't say words"
What does "There are always people who love to sweat" mean in this context?
Can I use "as it turned out" without a contradiction?
Is there any difference between these two sentences?
a substantial bandwidth savings - an indefinite article preceding a plural noun
Use of two relative pronouns in the same sentence
What is the meaning of 'in the most capitalist of ways'?
On The Way, In The Way
What do we call someone who's in between -a friend and an enemy!
"Subjective complement and objective complement"
"Cannot be let to rely on"
Best answer for "feel free to ..."
Depending on size of the calculator's display - why no article in front of "size"?
'as if I had' versus 'as if I have'
What does “to take someone back” mean?
for as - meaning
What does "basic" mean?
What the author is trying to say in this paragraph?
In comparison construction, can 'that' be recovered as in relative clause?
As-modifier In Noun Phrase Near Beginning
Can I omit "the" in "the last time" when it introduces a time clause?
Is there "not...till"? Does its meaning equal to "not...until"?
Why we could omit “it is”?
Would you please tell me if it was said vs. it said are the same?
The plural of letters
Why refer to cocaine as "she"?
Colloquial Imperative
What does "then" mean in these sentences?
In what sense are the words "being down a set" used?
You can choose whichever of the two dates is more convenient for you
'advise of' vs 'advise on' vs 'advise + some other preposition'
Meaning of the sentence with emphasis on the bold phrase
Meaning - norm about the norm
Can "big thing" be used ironically?
Can you use specific time with past perfect?
whenever and no matter when
Wherever & no matter where
What does "a government vote" mean?
"between ... and" for relations between one specific thing and several other things
Adverb EVER to make the sentence clearer?
"I'll go wherever you **will** go" & "**Wherever** you go, I'll be with you"
get to know VS. come to know
Each base edge and apex "form/forms" a trangle
what is the meaning of "minute debris"?
Differences between "the USA", "the US" and "the States"
What does 'downwind' mean, in relation to humans?
One-word synonym for 'out of context'?
an ME thrown into the world of electrical engineering - what does ME mean?
Could someone tell me the specific grammatical rule governing this phenomenon?
"if not" vs "unless"
Get or answer the call?
Which is correct "having committed a crime" or "committing a crime"
twice [as hard] as others; twice [as hard as others]
What does “quite a” (as in “He’s quite a guy”) mean, and when should one use it?
Y-axis of a graph with a common unit but different meanings
Largest Source Of Students
Which is correct in spoken language, "not exist" or "not exists"?
It may not have\has been delivered yet
Why using two verbs
adjective vs perfect
Is it correct to use "is able" in this context?
'affect' as a noun
Looking for an English idiom/expression related to trapping
Why is the preposition "up" used after verbs?
Some examples of an inversion
Is "largely....." a participle phrase
Is "just.....million" an absolute phrase?
Can 'can not' be used for prohibition?
When should we use infinitives and verbs
'least bad' sounds wrong?
Is "it" uncalled here or not?
What is the meaning of 'dynamic' as a noun in this passage?
How can a norm compete with itself?
What does “systematic” mean?
During your tour, you will see historic buildings.. or historical?
Authentic alternatives for "because"
The use of the definite article in this sentence
What does “saving throw” mean as the title of this Dragon Ball Z episode?
What is the opposite of 'wall of text'?
"said" as an adjective
SAT reading questions
Variety versus varieties
Which of the two sentences is natural?
"as much as me" & "as much as I"
Meaning of "In"
Broad, Large, Wide View
Why is there no agent in these present perfect passive sentences?
A little is getting through all the same - I can't understand this
"There was no nearby store" or "There were no nearby stores"
Meaning of "to take the biscuit"?
number unite adjective
"My grammy never give gifts"
If potato chips come in contact with humid air, they become what?
What does 'of' mean in "It's this friend of mine"?
If he knew I had not found her yet?
What does 'Slippery Slope' mean?
"Black and white dogs": ambiguity with coordinate adjectives
Can I ask "how is she?" in a situation that her husband is dead?
The meaning of "over" here?
What does "go meta" mean?
Is it correct to say a program is "buggy"?
'the body politic' vs "the politic body"
"Somewhere a man must begin, and it had better be just where another man might stop" (Chesterton)
Meaning - too **self-conscious** to bear
the usages of while
Various usages of needn't
Does 'estate' mean a kind of person?
Shouldn't 'equities' be singular here?
Would you readily explain the usages of need?
"30 miles to the gallon"
What does "to throw a fun curveball" mean?
discrepancy vs ambiguity
Difference between 'consecutive' and 'contiguous'?
variability + singular or plural verb
“Disordered” vs. “inscrutable”
Would you tell me more about preceding adjectives?
use of the preposition "in" in front of here/there
Using the verb need through non affirmative structures
In 'it was a lot of fun', is 'fun a noun or an adjective?
Different uses of subjunctive
The meaning of 'becoming brown'
Have to / having to?
Do "twice as high xxxxx as" , "twice as high" and "twice higher" mean the same thing?
What does “positively ill” mean?
what does "taken" mean in this sentence
Since then with past simple
What does "blowing on" mean here?
How to refuse an offer of partially eaten food?
DIfference between 'methodology' and 'method'?
Stative verbs in the progressive
weep "to have" that which it fears to lose
What is the verb or correct word to describe 'losing some part of a cloth'?
Can 'as many as it can' mean thing 'can't' in this context?
"than her" versus "than she"
Why is it grammatically correct to use present tense in this sentence?
Subject-Verb Agreement
Use of tense and clause in a sentence
a question regarding "as long as"
Usage of Restock
on the corner office
"For your reference" or "For your information"
Verb + gerundive or Verb + infinitive, what is preferable?
Where can I put "which"?
Can I use "A B C" construct instead of "C of A B"?
Is "life" a countable noun in English?
(The) National Science Foundation
Is there any situation where we can use the preposition "in" before a bus?
Does it make any difference if we leave out "over" in "He has gone over to London"?
What does "a thrum of my love" mean in this poem?
Is this expression formal or informal?
"A good news-reader can become a good newsreader!" Is this correct?
“There need none. . .” in modern usage
When do we use "itself"?
The articles "a" and "the" in generic statements
Using the word “received” as both an adjective and a verb
What does "paid certificate program" mean in this context?
"no store nearby" or "no nearby store"
"know of X" versus "know about X"
What does "idiot-proof-ness" mean?
Understanding “Putin’s fiercest critics worry he's pushing to take over territory”
SAT Correct this faulty usage of "when"
Is it OK to mix American and British English?
He was state champion and national record holder
Column titles in a table: singular or plural?
"Antonym" for "from the bottom up"
Criticism or criticisms
"a specific type of" vs. a "type of"
“that” and “which” as relative pronoun
Meaning of 'dispositional'
What is the name in english of dancing like this
"I'm in transports" - Is it a correct way to say that I'm in PUBLIC transports?
Does this mean what I want it to mean?
would you more readily explain the explanations about the articles?
differentiating between articles and nouns
"Both of you know" or "Both of you knows"?
How to phrase a follow-up question politely, if there's evasion?
"can have done" structure?
What is 'or else' in 'is used alone or else with other'?
Translate "héhé" to English
Corresponding English saying for a Spanish one about misfortunes and circumstances?
SAT Sentence Completion Question
What is a non-physical meaning of "total burn"?
"Claim" = "Action" in the legal context?
"I was working ON/WITH these tasks"
Antonym of 'calculated, deduced (value)'
What does "pull out" mean?
Does this imply "I don't think it will be successful"?
Is this imbalance possible?
What does this mean: "This is Eva speaking"?
Is this combination "which nor" correct?
Before long vs soon
When we join two past events, must we use the perfect participle or can we use the present participle as well?
Root for the underdogs or Root for the underdog
How to convert sentences using 'has' or 'has been' into questions?
What "certain verbs" are
"Either" and "too" in pairs of sentences
What are "the races"?
meaning of passive voice: "a letter is written"
turning Russia into a ringed-off economic fortress - what does ringed-off mean?
What is this "would have had to"?
Does this "born of Jove" statement mean what I think it does?
Verbs catenated without coordinatior: "the body fell became briefly famous"
Dummy "it" and usage of "as to"
Articles in descriptions of figures
Asking about future events
Which one is the meaning?
Is "more ... prices" an appositive phrase?
When to use "and" in a noun phrase with multiple modifiers
Writing like an Arbitrator or Mediator - How would I search for that?
Does overtone = undertone?
would-be, to-be, in the making
"I like him" or "I liked him"
Explanation of the usage of Was And IS
Why use "where" in a legal document instead of "when" or "in cases where"?
What does "blue corn moon" mean in this song?
Why is the simple present tense used?
hadn't better; had better not
What kind of assault in this short video clip?
I can see [=I will see] you tomorrow?
"any other verbs then being located in VP" -- is this acceptable?
I'm next to certain that
"Saw a friend get/got an ice cream."
the long dash in English - how to use it?
Best interpretation of "everybody has an angle"
Present perfect vs. past simple
after she had her baby; after she had had her baby
What does "I want him to know I want him to know" mean?
How to pronounce "had had"?
What does 'stable-to-firm' mean?
Can we use "there is" for plural nouns?
Possessive of a possessive
loud explosions "in as many minutes around noon" - I don't understand
Thank you for the most superb dinner (that) I’ve ever eaten
'In-laws' - is it correct the way 'CEOs' is?
"New York is a great place to live." (no preposition?)
Having a ‘gaydar’ means that you will easily recognize who is gay
Would vs should when used to make a polite request
Meaning of "no day at the beach"
What are living and nonliving things?
"which" as relative pronoun
Parse the pattern of 'there is/are the noun phrase'
determiner phrase
Conscious sense
The balance is tilted / has been tilted / is tilting?
An example from the OxfordDictionaries using the preposition 'from' - can it be written differently?
What does "which" stand for in the following sentence?
He got his car stolen?
Is 'after 20 years sober' correct in 'In 2006, after 20 years sober, he checked himself into rehab for alcoholism'?
The nuance of understanding the usage of the definite and indefinite article with the word 'FINAL'
What should follow anyone,anybody and no one
"...I expected would come" or "...I would have expected to come"?
Proper greetings on the phone
What's the other gender of 'drone'?
Just as I did / just as I found
Pupils find "a golden hair tress", but it's jewelry made of gold, not a lock of blond hair?
in what strike was afraid was disappointment
Meaning of "thickly accented"
Usage of "ratio to" when talking about proportions
What's between central and peripheral?
The way he did it was different from the way we were used to ？
Help pinpoint the usage of 'could' in these examples
Which possessive pronoun for an antecedent 'man' in the generic sense (="humankind") — 'its' or his'?
is "which" a complement in "which she wanted to be"?
manner clause or relative clause?
Are these sentences grammatically correct in e-mail?
Word order in an example
Time period for which the temperature A) has to be deviated B) has been deviated C) deviates
A sentence with many genitives and 'of's, correct phrasing?
Conjunction reduction
"can" and "could"?
Echoing of all variables is nearly foolproof - I can't quite get the meaning of "echoing of all variables"
Example 5-1 shows about as basic of a program as you can get - what do we need "about"?
why is there an underscore and a dash in this sentence
'act up' - how did it get its meaning and what does "up" mean?
'A decapitated head' from the Huffington Post sounds strange to me
"The agreement was ratified by parliament" - why no definite article?
Differences between using "used to" and the simple past
When medial ‹d› represent /dʒ/?
Do these sentences have different meanings?
What article should I use with the word sarcasm?
Can "who" serve complement in a relative clause?
∅ Three Potholes
"To put into a bottle" verb
The respective functions of two occurrences of "as" in a sentence
What are hog futures?
Difference between "nice to see you" and "nice to meet you"
Does "is designed" vs "was designed" imply anything different?
difference between the pronunciation of "cheating" and "teaching"
Difference between Coming up, Gone up and Come, Go
What does "directing the traffic" mean?
"Plus, ..." at the beginning of a sentence. Is it usual and / or always correct?
What is the meaning of "positions" in this sentence?
How do I use the auxiliary "do" in questions?
semantic difference between 'should' and 'would'
Question about an Obama's statement on Iraq
A customer is someone who 'buys' but what is he if there's no purchase made?
How to parse 3 successive negations: '... does not ... without ... unless ... ' ?
“much of the same” vs “much the same”
How to analyse/decompose 'where this would otherwise lead to an unjust result'?
"It needs to {be / have been} deviated for 1 minute"
How (in)formal is the word "OK"?
How does 'according as' = 'Depending on whether' ?
What is "the bucket analogy" that the writer is talking about in this passage
Conditional Sentence
What is an "alpha answer"?
Singular or plural copulative verb in a question?
Proper use of the word equipment in the following sentence
Usage of "in places"
Usage of fractional numbers
Usage of "discriminating in"
Do the sentences sound natural and have the same meaning?
Held him in small worth
Is even a preposition/conjunction?
When does "quite" means 'rather' and when does it mean 'completely'?
What is the meaning of "on the economy side from budget airlines"?
One of the current project(s)
'where' vs 'as where' - Relative pronouns?
Meaning of 'by' in 'promise by which'
Positive probability
Is this correct: "Jon had gotten up early"?
What does "read in words" mean?
usage of who vs whom
The benches were sheltered beneath the stilts of a bamboo-walled hut
Why is the correct phrase "to come on the trip" and not "to come to the trip"?
What is the meaning of ring in spy ring?
the opening volley of a war between - what deos that mean?
When to use "of"? "noun1 noun2" vs. "noun2 of the noun1"
Lucky, she thought, that he was not aware of it
What's the meaning of 'of' in : the government 'of' the people?
synonym of 'homeroom teacher'
Difference between "they had" versus "they have"
What is the meaning of "nimbus"? Is it a verb, noun or an adjective?
Can “whom” serve as a complement in a relative clause?
“There is a little point in doing anything about it.”
save for an addendum offered as a tip - what does that mean?
"which" acting as relative pronoun standing for phrases?
I am wondering what many of which refers to?
Is the midwest accent the standard accent in TOEFL and CNN?
Question about paraphrasing the highlighted part of the piece of news below
When I put 'is' instead of 'be' in: "If she be found guilty"
Question about difference between "were taken" and "were being taken" in the following piece of news
Contradiction in filling sentence
inform of, come to know something or aware of
of which vs. whose
Is this a Run-ON Sentence?
What does "which" refer to?
By which vs In Which
What is the meaning of "A is the good, B is the bad and C is the ugly"?
Meaning of "Updated As Reported"
supposition assumption hypothesis?
difference between 'beneath' and 'under'
Tommy the boy or the boy Tommy?
With the suddenness of night-time eruption in a chicken-coop
a lot less now too meaning
phrasing would your tomorrow around or would around your tomorrow
Word order in question: "Subject is" or "is subject"?
Are florid non-technical words needed?
Are longer sentences supposed to be harder to read?
What do these line breaks (in the dictionary) mean?
Can I replace the relative adjective "where" with "that"?
What's wrong with this separation between a relative clause and the adjective?
A split infinitive de-emphasises the verb?
regarding relative adjective
Structure of 'Be you never so high...'
adjective clause or appositive clause?
Why would "is seeking" coerce a reading of "because he is seeking a fourth term"?
Using an infinitive-with-to after an Auxiliary verb in a UN official code, permitted?
when do you say "here you come"?
What's the difference between "I do know" and "I know"?
Differences between adverb phrase, adverbial and adjunct
Why does 'wilful' = 'willful' connote negativity?
"Not they" or "not them"
ambiguity about a human or a window
What does Prevention mean here?
"which" as relative determiner?
Phrase 'akimbo to'
the first time "that anyone can remember"
Is Hilary my sister or brother?
finding the subject of a verb followed by a comma in the end of a sentence
"As we saw in the previous section" vs. "as we have seen in the previous section"
Left my car key on/in the door?
What does "the witless" refer to (many people vs one person)?
turn over rocks for something - what does that expression mean?
"Contributed to", "contributed for", or "start to"
form / a form - when uncountable and when countable?
"It holds that"
"before" vs "before that"
laying the ground for some Budget back downs
what does "up" mean?
adjudge vs adjudicate vs judge (verbs)
In The Back Of His/The Head
What's the difference between "upright" and "awake" in this context?
"Your" vs "You are"
What's the logic behind this definition of 'to hold' ?
Should I use "Stretching down to", or "down to"?
Did you get married before
Is anything wrong with putting verb inside this sentence?
Passive voice and prepositional phrases
Difference between “little”, “few”, “a little” and “a few”
Simple past vs Perfect Past
Difference between "much, many, a lot of and lots of"
Difference between "big and great"
What does "go out dancing" mean?
What does "past exam papers were not made available for the multiple choice examination" mean?
Which relativizers may be used in modifying clauses and phrases?
"depend on" in relative clause
Julian Assange walks out a free man
What does "without concession by" mean?
Which one is correct?
"The point of" vs "the sense of"
To refer to some state after somehting action has completed
Parallelism between past perfect and present continuous
Article Confusion Again! Why is there an 'a' instead of a 'the'?
How does “to discharge” develop to mean “to do everything necessary to perform and complete a duty”?
Providing/provided, do I need to use the comma?
Simplifying the words "had to" and "won't" in this context
Question about teaching "a couple of months" and .. to an absolute beginner
Question about present perfect continuous and teaching it
Is there a simpler way to express "turn out to be" in this context?
That’s the bit about aspiring models being deterred
Why named 'deduction' and 'induction'?
What does 'syllogism' mean here?
difference: be going; will
How and when does 'of' mean 'among'?
How would one describe an unpleasant surprise?
Words used to call the kids who are somewhat naughty
I want to know which sentence is correct
What does the weapon suffix "of measure" mean in Diablo 2?
What does **The introduction into curricula of education about** mean?
number of "some"
So a Comma Separates Non Essentials Within A Sentence?
Are these two consecutive relative clauses that modify the same noun phrase?
Is it possible to replace "who" with "whom" in the bold clause?
'maybe not us' or 'maybe not we'
Objects in parallel structure
Are there dictionaries giving knowledge on countability of nouns?
Why are 'proper nouns' of body enzymes and things the like not capitalized?
Artciles and prepositions in my thesis name
What does "a value that lies z or more standard deviations above the expected value" mean?
A sentence from Swan's PEU using plural 'are' and not singular 'is'
'Verb' vs 'verbal' as modifiers
"I need more" - is "more" a noun or an adverb?
Why is "He knows to swim" incorrect?
What does “as” mean in “as by”?
Omission of subject after "such ... as"?
Does a question always allow inversion of the subject and verb?
What is the difference between “remote” and “distant”?
Question about meaning of the difference between "won't" and "doesn't" in the text below
Question about meaning of "jump" and "jump-start"
Question about meaning of "how is it going" and "brand new" in following short conversation
Question about meaning of "make" in this context?
Simple Past vs. Present Perfect
Can I append question marks to affirmative sentence to confirm/ask something
"On the report" or "In the report"?
He died in (a/the/-) prison
Between or Among
Dilemma: Present Perfect Or Perfect Continuous?
Content analysis isn’t nearly as scary as it sounds - the maning of nearly
Definite article usage from exercise
correct usage of "you and I/me"
Is it "case or box of beer"?
Difference between "high quality material and high quality of material"
A or B; A and B
Can someone paraphrase this sentence?
on four floors; on the top three floors
What does "prominent chin" mean?
Is a past-tense *when* clause acceptable with a present perfect main clause?
"Only a finite number" or "only finite number"
In what situations are both "I" and "me" valid?
"This can make us think the concepts are related, which in fact they are not."
in presence of vs in the presence of
intransitive verbs with preposition in passive sentences
I make her [cleaning?] the room
Politely phrase "how do you do"
Appropriateness of Replacing "while" with "and" in sentence
Usage of "Besides that" vs "Except for the fact that"
Does -wich suffix have a meaning?
Interpretation of "which must be widely open to tourist visits"
Having, holding, giving, and throwing parties
What is a Deck, Sales Deck or Sales Pitch Deck?
The future progressive without a reference to a particular future time
Term for someone who cannot keep something to themselves
"Is it left-handed?" Or "Is it for left-handed?"
Interpretation of 'against' in 'offend against'
Clarification about the usage of "the"
imprecate - Direct or Indirect Transitive?
How to differentiate the opposite meanings of 'sanction'?
Odd use of 'in the'?
What does 'liberal to' mean here?
Are these uses of 'the press' metaphorical?
What is the difference between Precipitated Calcium Carbonate and Calcium Carbonate?
What does "he is said to have assumed" mean?
Is there ambiguity in this sentence?
an eternal verity "which, attending," has planted
Is “which if you listen to will tell you” an acceptable construction?
Why is the present tense used here?
What ___ them + single or plural verb?
Ellipsis in Comparatives (CGEL 2002)
What is another way to say "different levels of interpretation"?
"this activity is started" or "this activity was started", which is correct
Ambiguity of what the Gerund "taking" refers to in Sentence
How do you think about me? or How you think about me?
"I thought she might have had a problem with alcohol" versus "I thought she might have a problem with alcohol"
It's broken or it has been broken
the same formatting control over Web documents that they have over - I can't make proper grammatical sense of it
What is the meaning of this sentence 'bouncing on the balls of her feet.'?
What does "made sad sense" here mean?
What does "parted in curtains" mean here?
Can "speech" mean a physical paper of a speech?
What does "basin" here mean?
"Greater part" versus "Best part" describing duration?
How to understand "and treat food nicely" in this sentence
Is any difference between "speak English" and "speak in English"?
How to understand "it is" in "what it is he is trying to express"?
What does "kids be scary" as a remark mean?
just for the kick in the teeth
Question about words in context of renting in order to owning
PP tense of "become" and an Adj
plural and singular agreement of nouns
Duplicate "who"?
Can we use the phrase "pick up" as a noun
her vs she usage after the word "except"
If I say "I am a Portuguese translator"
Educational data vs. education data
Is this a run-on?: does "by which" create a subordinate clause?
Can 'than who' be safely used now?
Do you say "I like apple" or "I like apples"?
What is your idea about this advertising note
How can ideologies be 'materialist'?
How to determine meaning of 'positively'?
"Drop" vs Drop off"
formal vs formalistic
I have ... I gave ... time relationship?
Meaning of 'formal' in 'formal equality'
meaning of "send for"
When describing books like Harry Potter, "contemporary" or "modern" is a better word?
Why do Americans pronounce the word "shorter" differently from the British?
Is the phrase "was being" an excessive use of the verb "to be" and wrong?
How to choose between the many meanings of 'substantive'?
In "the chickens come home to roost" - is "roost" a verb or noun?
using a preposition before a verb
How to decompose 'bring to bear`?
Question on meaning of **integrity** in this text on CBSA officers in Canada
Two questions about meaning of "settle" and "home"
Question about meaning of "proof of status" in this context
Construct vs Construction - as nouns
SpaceX rocket lifts off on first commercial satellite launch
"Status" meaning in this sentence
DIfference between "in" and "inside"
Why no subject after “as”?
Whats the meaning of "countertops" here?
Identification of Fragments
what does "and into" mean
"This work presented the computer program X" vs. "This report presented the computer program X"
opt to verb"ing" or opt to verb
What is the term that describes someone who is not interested in sex?
What is the term for the 'Moksha'? The last birth for the soul, it'll not take birth anymore
Does the term 'rebirth' restrict to taking birth again in the same form? Say human then again human?
Why are these words capitalized in Collins Dictionary?
How does “turn on” develop to mean “Have as the main topic”?
Noun vs Suffixes '-ism' vs 'ity'
Which definitions of 'positive' and 'negative' apply?
Are there pronouns missing: "such as are"?
Conjunction vs Subordinator vs Subordinating conjunction
were completed/being completed
What is the meaning of "before getting behind the wheel"?
less or lesser + assured
Correct Sentence Construction
How to say that somebody crossed a street when the light was red?
What does 'cynical' mean - Stevens's dissent in Bush v Gore?
There being no reasonable relationship
pick the nits - what does that expression mean?
What does “in experimental challenges” mean?
Can clauses be singular and/or plural?
Where to put *respectively*
"the movie" vs "an amazing movie"
What are the meanings of “get to” and “objectify” in the phrase “you still don't get to objectify her”?
What is the difference between "outlook", "viewpoint" and "perspective" in the scientific writing?
Question about meaning of "flying colors" and "featuring" in this driving related context
'declarative' questions and 'interrogative' questions (When to use which?)
Could you help me finding some less colloquial equivalent to highlighted phrases of this speech
Does all "going to" s here mean the same?
What are the possible meanings of the expressions "on the fly" or "on the volley"?
Difference between "shameless" and "unashamed"
If : second conditional or third conditional
"How important is education to children's future?"
In this sentence, does "we had great fun" act as a relative clause to modify "the last time"?
Do these two sentence mean the same? Does the second sentence sound natural to you?
Suffixes -ee vs -or
Looking for a formal word has the same meaning of "well done"
Is this subordinate clause missing an independent clause?
Meaning of "as if this were not the way winter finally ended in that part of country"
trust vs 'trust to'
What “nice one” (possibly an expression) really means?
"He has all of his goals achieved" or "He achieved all of his goals"?
scissors cut/cuts paper, which is correct?
How to understand "most likely a usage diagnostic of some sort from awk"?
"others", "the others", "the other", and "another"
affirm vs confirm
You don't have to be crazy to live here, but it helps
is 'on submit ' grammatically correct?
What type of the word is "be + past participle"
Is a verb omitted in the second independent clause?
What are these elements called?
Can 'correspondences' be safely used?
Question about meaning of "compromising" in this context
'impressionable' vs. 'suggestible'
Which one(s) of “up”, “above”, “over”, “on” and “upon” is (or are) correct for this sentence?
"All of the ...." or " All the ... "?
Use of "will" vs "willpower"
Can "how close you may be" act as the subject, complement or appositive?
Brazil: the Once and Future Country - how do you understand the word "once"?
Which of these two meanings of "persist" is being used in this context?
Can "recommend" be followed by an infinitive?
Is it possible to rewrite “who had” to “having”?
More polite forms of "you"
present simple vs. present perfect
"While" and "As" conveying a continuous aspect
What does this 'why' mean?
what you should have accomplished
What does "to beat out" mean in this definition of a rivet?
What do "thou" and "thee" mean?
Repeated actions and the past progressive
What is the word for giving advice or suggestions to make something better?
The present perfect not used
has been finished or are finished past perfect tense
Some issues regarding the use of ”at a loss”
What is the difference between 'belong in' and 'belong to'?
'Section' vs 'segment' vs 'part'
My asking and if I ask
Comma and where
Which tense to use with "Until now", "before (now)"
"How sad that is!" Versus "How sad is that?"
When should we use prepositions at the end of the sentence?
Notes provide you with comments and asides >are< about the topic at hand - is "are" wanted here?
"certain" in "This guy has certain reputation in this community"
Fire engine red paint
This utopia is still off in the future somewhere - meaning of "off"?
Difference between "spelling errors" and "spelling mistakes"
pass vs. make the rounds
she greeted me 'warm'
Usage of "like many a" vs "like that of"
Is This a run on?
How is "instrument" pronounced?
Does the expression "one in a million type of person" exist?
Does "Change my registration" make sense?
"In Cell Phone" or "On Cell Phone"
Paraphrase the sentence "I didn't know how expensive the desk was!"
Is it wrong to say "How beautiful a girl she is!"?
When should I use "the way" and when should I use "in the way"?
Could you please help me simplifying the highlighted parts , just simplifying and paraphrasing Not defining, please
Meaning of "registered with him"
At the university: office worker, clerk or something else?
Can the coordinating conjunction ”and” conjoin two different time sequences?
Were to (have) vs. Second/Third Conditional
What does "is to" mean here?
Defining a ball in mathematics
What's the difference between "any + [singular noun]" vs. "any + [plural noun]"?
discriminate, distinguish, differentiate, and discern
“To sit waiting” vs. “to be sitting waiting”
What is this 'so old... as seeming to' construction?
Which form of verb should follow prefer?
Difference between 'sympathy for' and 'sympathy at'
Those are rookie numbers in this racket - what does "in this racket" mean?
up for suspension from the commissioner
he wore horn rims with clear lenses just to look more WASP-y - what does WASPy mean?
The difference between cheesy and fishy
Launch A New Building
Video games to learn English
Is this definition of "preshipped" incorrect?
Houses, Flats, Shops comes in which category?
exact differences between so that such that
Single instances of plural practice
Am I right or are they?
What is "being " doing in "Human Being"?
What is the difference between "lest", "just in case" or "in case"?
however vs. how
Preposition confusion - Do you learn somthing 'at' school OR 'in' school?
Can the word 'celibate' be used for women too?
What is the difference between 1."compared with" and "compared to" 2.'Match up with' and 'Match up to'?
What is the meaning of 'in the trailing 12 months'?
when typing a local musical instrument
many a traveler
"the years of filming and editing HAS/HAVE finished"
Why the author used 'their hand was forced' instead of 'their hands were forced'?
1,000-strong battalion - meaning of "strong"?
(British) Meaning of "in a jolly"
Article usage in a Wikipedia article
meaning of 'at medium'
"Special Theme" or "Special Issue"?
Is "I cannot see obviously" right?
How to ask with a statement?
Why are 'beef' and 'pork' and 'mutton' used to refer to the meat of cows and pigs and sheep?
Specific meaning of 'ivory'
"we will have a fairly better governance system BY/WITH an improved campaign financing system"
What does this infinitive sentence mean?
Difference between, "claimed as" and "claimed to be"
What is the difference between some and an indefinite article
When "as" and "though" are used to introduce concession clauses
"although" and "yet"
Inversion - {subject complement} {form of 'be'} {subject}
Does "Though she felt ill, she still went to work" sound natural?
Was Attacked From
You can not "get" angry while listening to "someone you disagree with".
Active To Passive
I forgot the door being opened
time interpretaton: I forgot meeting him
Is this semicolon used correctly?
Is this possible: 'I’ll never forget my country being invaded'?
has a flu or had a flu
What is this grammatical structure called?
How to translate these kind of phrases?
What is the meaning of "deep route misery"?
How do I answer a question, "Is this...?"
Is actual fact redundant?
Difference between verb against used to verb+ing
Is there any alternative way to say something you 'used to [infinitive]'?
How to say pressing something by foot.?
Might vs Would again
like somebody to do something
Intervention- usage
I have a question of sequence of tense
Record vs. recording
goes around/by the lake (prepositions)
Meaning of "...a few minutes out of a million..."
Does the verb 'choose' call for the same constructions as 'buy''?
What does further up the train mean?
I'm finished == I'm ready?
After a long time your friend has messaged you; how do we sarcastically respond to it?
Past tense and past perfect in essays?
'was' versus 'had been'
Meaning of 'utterly untouched person'
We (have been) are working on this for last two days: the difference between tenses
meaning of 'do you plan to continue working?'; 'do you plan to continue to work?'
Must be presented and must be existed
Why is "Sheila couldn't come to the party, it was a pity." wrong?
2 hundred sixty thousand VS 2 hundred sixty thousands
We say 'in the morning' but 'on weekdays' - why?
Another meaning of 'pretence'
Why use "their" after "someone"?
A few questions on the purpose clause
Concerns about "have yet to"
how to use these sundry determiners: a, another, the other, some, the others
comparison: after, with
"in the lake" vs. "on the lake"
"There is no SINGULAR NOUN" and "There are no PLURAL NOUN"
Error: Directions
Meaning of perfect setups
"Uprooting plants IS/ARE/HAD BEEN/WAS like uprooting your life."
DIfferentiating between "do" "does" and "did"
Commas in Compound Sentences?
"I'm wearing a red PANT." or "I'm wearing a red PANTS."
Is 'where' interpreted once or twice in 'Where do you think he went afterwards?'?
articles in "A game in normal form"
What does "ad hoc" mean?
I always wonder about 'to let'. The origin, the meaning, the concept
'Would have known' vs 'could have known'
It is important that each player not know
What does up/down the train mean?
Trouble understanding the lyrics of a song
a mile run for time
What are "set buttons"?
meaning of the "building in intensity to the cascading passion of the chorus"
Unrespect vs Disrespect
having those ideas as "precise" as he did - syntactic role of "precise"
comparison: on, over, when both of which imply 'in connection with'
Meaning of - To his particular charge would fall
at first sight and at the first sight
'more preferred' versus 'preferable'
Will you still love me when I'm no longer young and beautiful?
Can I omit "about" from "That is the boy whom I told you about"?
'in between' or 'between'
I will have it done by tomorrow
Be VS are, which one in first conditional is correct?
What does "words for evil" mean?
"Play" or "playing" – which one is correct and why?
Is there a word for "defined by the elements that compose it"?
Usage of the two "over"
Wage vs. salary
A number of rules also govern attributes exist - please, help me understand that grammatically
the amount of bandwidth between client and server - no articles in front of "client" and "server"?
"My aunt is coming to tea tomorrow." (idiom "to come to tea"?)
meaning: "maybe next time"
I'll call you when I get there
What's the difference between "There's no car." and "There are no cars."?
Meaning: To This Day
the meaning of "by + (time)"
'Agree terms' or 'Agree TO terms'?
When do multiple negatives cancel and when do they not?
"My car was breakdown" / "My car had been breakdown"
Could you help me finding some equivalents for these five words?
Five concerns about this short driving related text
two post head dependents
subject-verb agreement with “a hundred”
Imagine Whether Or Not
Increased for vs increased by
evaluates to be false vs evaluates to false
Two Meanings of "To This Day"
Have you ever/do you ever?
Can least be used without the in this sentence?
What does 'self-denying ordinance' mean?
Which meaning of 'fault' applies?
Meaning of 'that' in '...I expect that to take them.'
for proximity, preference is given to the verb or the noun
"A year on from " vs " A year from "
How to reduce the number of "I"s in my writing?
In an allegation about attractiveness, is 'averageness' in context?
In this sentence why is 'the' omitted?
He is one of the men who do/does the work
Would/will/do you like to read this book?
Is "Playing festivals" correct?
working on?/with? his laptop
be always vs. always be
"BE to VERB" construction in "you are to blame"
what does "heading into" mean here?
How to say you "better than someone at doing something?"
Among A Group Of Friends
To Date VS To This Day
Travel the world and Travel around the world
Actual word for "Caringness"?
"What for" and "why"?
What does "largeish" here mean?
"calculus" and "the calculus" - what's the difference?
Using the word repeat to go out with someone
"You first" "You second" "You third"
Bit or Bitten - which is correct usage?
'both (nouns)' vs 'both the (nouns)'
How do we choose infinitive over gerund or vice versa?
Proper phrase for "ending someone's curiosity"
Hard English Texts or Texts with hard English?
this is Mama talking ; this is Mama's talking
Indirect Speech question? She said, "Let's have a beer today."
No article before "forward"?
"used for showing that somebody is willing to do something," can this include 'strong determination'?
what's the part of speech of "nothing but"?
What is the meaning of "would" here?
What is the right word to refer to a black person, when you don't know their name?
Can "be borrowing" mean "have borrowed but haven't returned"?
Difference between "fast food" and "junk food"
Which preposition for '___ the exclusion'?
Quitting a job - email subject "I'm moving on"
the stones got trapped in it and the whole sheet moved, rock and all - I'm not getting what "rock and all" means
interested in/to: what's the difference?
Meaning of 'modal' in modal ‘argument from contingency’
What is the accepted terminology in English for someone with a disability?
Which word best describes 'Al Bore'? - Test 2, Q41, p 125, by Mark Shepherd
Difference between "fathom" and "understand"
How do I interpret “different user roles”?
Difference between data and information
What is this "person?"
Is linguistically incorrect to use "basically" frequently or it's just culture
What does "if" mean in this sentence?
Different pronunciations for different parts of speech
"Did you have the chance" or "Had you got the chance"?
What's the meaning of PD?
Cross Over From ...To
Can an adjective clause be preceded by an indefinite article noun?
Can we use "dearest" to begin an informal letter?
Using two "that" clauses
What does "ROS" mean in the context of online advertisement?
"Guess what" and "You know what"
What does "they could not quite picture to themselves" mean?
what does "tax write-off" mean?
What is meant by ‘cash cow’? - Test 3, Q4, p 27, by Mark Shepherd
What is the word for product price besides "quotation"
go+doing with the right position of a complement
Which most closely reflects the author’s view of the strategic plan? - Test 3, Q11, p 137, by Mark Shepherd
"Pour over of" vs "Pour over with"
An expression of [noun] is [noun] -is it without/with article?
let your shirt dries ON you
"the" before general concepts
What does '‘end of the Eastern Bloc’ suggest? - Test 3, Q21, p 143
Is "At the foundation of ... is ..." correct?
How to understand "He is at one with himself"?
"How is going" or "How is it going" or both?
How does the possessive apostrophe work in "it's"?
The use of 'with' & 'on' in the financial context
hit the NHL’s media day on Monday to field the usual questions - to field - meaning?
Difference between “please note” and “I would like to point out”
One of my favorite movie / one of my favorite movies
What exactly does the word "term" represent here?
what's the antonym of 'post'?
Can I add 'not' into 'why don't you'?
Can 'Talk aloud' be used?
What is the difference between "electric", "electrical", and "electronic"?
Streets have no name or nameS?
lab and laboratory
Usage Whomsoever vs Whomever vs whom in Reference Letter title
Help me understand "pour over"
The name of a house
as you will - meaning
Exact meaning of ing form
Should “Apple has launched two phones yesterday” be past tense or present tense?
What is the difference in meaning between “cost” and “price”?
semicolon vs conjunction "and"?
The word "spoken" as an adjective
Is "my second older brother"right?
What does “that sticks” mean?
Play to His Full Potential
Using present tense instead of past tense
"to be" vs. "being" after adjective (and why)
that looks an interesting book; they look good guys
Who/whom confusion
what is orchard?
Play the canny hand
to take a veiled shot at someone - what does this idiom mean and how to use it?
Single clear word for 'hot food'
What is the verb tense of "is/are met"?
Which's suggested in the article? - Test 3, Q22, by Mark Shepherd
How: accuracy of government statistics would be reduced? - Test 3, Q24, by Mark Shepherd
Which can be gathered most likely to be encountered? - Test 3, Q25, by Mark Shepherd
how to solve the ambiguity of "in" in this sentence
Some issues with the word quite
Why is "ed/d" added to “motivate” in “10 Ways To Keep Yourself Motivated Learning English”?
Can the use of the Past (Simple, Continuous) be ever considered correct with "in/for the past few+time"
What does “trap a bag of cement” mean in this example?
whats the meaning of "scant" here?
Possible responses to "thank you"
How to Identify simple tense or passive voice in sentence
as was previously hoped all but 10 years ago - meanig of "all but" in this context?
Does 'Next' hold the sense of 'Year' in itself in following syntax
Meaning of "doesn't even begin to cover it"
Difference Between Dinner and Supper
"sometimes" is adjective or adverb
At Val d'amour they play a part - what does "play a part" mean?
Is "My concern is ..." equivalent to "I think ..."?
"We prove a theorem that ..." or "We prove the theorem that ..."?
Can 'any' and 'some' express mild asking?
The Usage Of Roll Back
"gonna/going to have to" vs "have to"
Meaning of 'be careful of too many too fast'
How is 'suicide' a correct metaphor to describe conflicting principles within the US Constitution?
While quoting someone's statement, does the placement of "S/he said" matter?
Should I use 'is' or 'are'?
a rare unsealing - is this even a noun?
Excepting - not excepting
How to introduce yourself?
"To improve one's work"
When can an article be omitted?
How to ask a person how long he has been working in an office?
Suffixes -ly vs -age
How can 'spaces of production' possess ethics? - p 146, Mark Shepherd
What's a displacement in consumer space? - p 146, Mark Shepherd
Why is this an unstated assumption for rural spaces? - Test 3, Q27, by Mark Shepherd
Why are these NOT unstated assumptions for rural spaces? - Test 3, Q27, by Mark Shepherd
Why does this sentence use "away from"?
French --> English "À leur tour"
What's the opposite of localized w.r.t. language
Is "punchline" usual in modern English?
Is "until" inclusive or exclusive?
Using of past perfect
The winning horse take (takes?) the cakes
What's the meaning of 'slay somebody to a man'?
"I done give it up"
Why is this choice for a definition of a "civil society" the least controversial one?
Is there any difference between 'let me go' and 'let go of me'?
Why did he reject my thank you?
Extent of topic complexity for 15-minute demo lesson
Epistemic or dynamic usage of 'can'?
Meaning of "to be responsible for being..."
meaning: cut across something
Which form of verbs should be used after conjuction words in interrogative statements?
How to conjugate the verb when the subject is optionally plural?
"that" vs "which" usage and change of meaning in context
Is a comma needed in this phrase?
Is "Whore" archaic in Australian English?
"The closest I've come to V_ing"
Proper words to utter when shaking hands with others?
Meaning of "chafing"
Lots vs. Large Amounts vs. Great Deal Of
a ticket "to" or "for" each event. Are both correct?
How to determine which opposing meaning of 'circumstantial'?
Which definition of 'vest' applies in 'vested interest'?
Plural sign (s) return to which word in abbreviations?
'otherwise' vs 'or else'
Why is past perfect used?
Which definition of 'lateral' applies?
The relationship implied in the "noun of noun" structure.
"Shall" and "should" in reported speech
What's the meaning of "to dog his heels"
framing the showdown
Is there a way to refer to a person (using a pronoun) without mentioning a sex?
By the word I get the answer, though it was not direct explanation
Structure: Consecutive Clauses
Why Is The First Letter "A" Pronounced Differently In The Words "Arabic" [heir ah bick], and "arachnid" [ah rack nihd]?
Is "sweating" a gerund or adjective -ing in this context "we would certainly be sweating if we went on a round-trip journey of 32 KM by bicycle."
"over" in "California's paralysis over the death penalty system"
A question regarding "That’s the last time I leave you in charge"
Which is the subject in "Because he felt tired was not a reason for skipping class"?
interpretations of "She did not buy the cell phone because her sister had one"
expect to & expect?
a question regarding "when"
Can “as" be used to introduce a longer background action or situation?
What's the difference between "appear like" and "look like"?
Meaning of "We skipped the light fandango"?
Time expression in Present/Past Perfect tense
Does "whenever convenient" sound natural or not?
Using the past perfect to express the idea of completion
Why shall passive voice be rephrased?
What's a professional way of saying "I'll keep this time frame available"?
Does one use a or an in this case?
How can 'the power of fear' be neutral?
Formal = totalitarian?
Using "deposit money" in a sentence
are there any differences between symmetric and symmetrical?
How to form WH question
What is the meaning of this expression "scream with <something>"?
The kimono is a Japanese traditional garment - why do we need the article in front of kimono?
Missing article in this construction involving an uncountable noun
What does "don't turn this back on me" mean?
Preposition and Tense
Unknown intransitive form of "to take"
What is the difference between "me neither" and "me either"?
How to use supplementary -ing clauses at the end of sentences
Is it wrong to use "going to" in conditionals?
Is there a rule of thumb to distinguish stative verbs from nonstative ones?
"At risk", or "at-risk"? What's the difference?
Passivizing causative "make" - 'be made shudder'?
pronounce 'have': thirty nations [have] gathered
Sentence with comparison
using "who" when referring to things: is it okay?
given what must happen before they are acted upon
Difference between warm wishes and wishes?
Can I say that "Thanks! for the bonhomie wishes"
My Personal Opinion
Significance of 'T' in Booker T Washington
Pronunciation of (May I take off) my belt now?
Is "as father was away in France" a reason clause or time clause?
Paraphrase "Her cooking is not so good."
How is it valid to say : "we are also be talking about"
"Anyone has" vs "Anyone have"
What is the difference between college and university?
usage of "is while..."
Verb tense "had left" versus "left"
Why "Go get dressed" instead of "go dress"?
how can a gaze "whisper"
Should I use "on", "when" or "where" with "day"?
Videotape Clicks On?
Can I say "what's up" or "what the heck is going on" to a teacher?
He won't have gone yesterday
America's top general, is this a specific one or one of top generals?
Meaning of "to will a parking spot"
What do I call the grammar at "following"?
Practical usage of "expat"
The meaning of revenue
Glad or Nice to meet you?
evidence that somebody is who they say that they are
"reflect" vs "reflection on" or "reflection of"
He asked the phone
reflect vs. reflect of/on
Using the pronoun 'we' when I'm not a part of it!
How do we use the word 'opposite' in the context of movies -opposite sex or deeds?
Can I replace "unless stated otherwise" with "unless they are stated otherwise"?
how to express "married in"
What is the best word for the wish to learn something? e.g. "Learnwish" (but it doesn't exist, right?)
What does the idiom "wings of fortune" mean?
Isobel,whose brother he was..or...was he
f is a function of a vector argument
We can say really big, and it makes the thing we're talking about bigger than the usual big. Is there a way of saying not so big?
Imperative form of "prove"
affect vs. influence
Hit count or hits count
How to use the word inspired
Should we use "is sending" or "is to send"?
Is this proper to say in the email?
I can downplay. Can I upplay?
Can which be used with plural antecedents?
Word request - silently judge?
"Adjoin" vs "join"?
Does anyone knows how to identify between have pp / have been pp?
The nuance of using the word 'home' as an adverb/noun with or without prepositions
Past Tense using Time expression with Have and Had
In TV listing content, how would you call the schedule for a channel, and the whole set of channel schedules?
What is the right term for a "transferred" force?
how to distinguish or discriminate?
'to make use of' vs 'to base on'
Is the 's' or the 'c' silent on scent?
Proper usage of 'if so'
Missing articles all over the place
A girl who there was at hospital or A girl who was at hospital
Was kidnapped Vs. had been Kidnapped
Meaning of the expression "to be round at somewhere"
Is there a word for the ground next to a spring?
Can 'why' act as a relative pronoun?
In below sentence what is wrong word in grammar?
Cat walks through-neath the table?
either with be and ing
"Your (something)" vs. "Your own (something)"
What does “lack of organization” mean?
Why do some words contain "let"?
Since the death of an actor X. Y has elapsed ten years
The use of "in" & "out of" in the financial context
Does "would" mean "wanted to" here?
Subtracts A from B
How do you say "I hope it doesn't rain and lightning today?"
How is the sentence "It means something different" grammatically correct?
deontic sense with the third person
Trailing Off The Back Of
"less than global reach"
I didn't mean to "diss" you
Is the following sentence good in formal writing?
What does "Anglo" mean here
What is the real or main difference between English and American speaking?
Can I use plural nouns in table headings?
Can 'niggard' be confused with n-word in speech?
Exact meaning of "to kindly invite"
Differences between "Who there is with him" and "Who is with him"
Does 'we know not what' sound incomplete?
What do they mean with "Hi, how are you doing"?
Which meaning of 'all but' in 'all but unheard of?
Is there a word for "hard camping"?
Can I use 'improving' instead of 'improved'?
See, look, watch or view? (regarding drawings/images/art)
What does this phrase - headline means "Crippling cost of disparities"?
Discriminating between "in doing so", "in this way", "so that"
Correct use of floor and flooring
The most exciting project this/that year was
Many/Much more difficult problems
Why is it incorrect to use “how” before an infinitive here?
2005: The company hosts a (the?) annual meeting of the Petroleum Alliance
I am wondering what is the difference between nice and nice
Should I use "on the threshold" or "at the threshold"?
What does "so the newspaper says" mean?
When couldn't we use "in doing so" instead of "so that" or "in a way that", interchangeably?
Why is “so that” improper in “I was tired so that I couldn't sleep”?
a one minute's talk
Supporters In The Lead
Should I use the past tense with did?
target desired audiences - or 'the' desired audiences?
Hoover, dust and iron
Typical behavior and habits via the present simple and "will"
If-clause about an imaginary event
Plural form of the words which end in 'o'
past simple versus past perfect
What's the function of "how" in "This is how they lived"?
Is 'where' used as a pronoun in relative clauses?
What languages and techniques "have" this product "been developed by"?
What does "in a nut shell" mean in this context?
pronunciation difference: /ʃ/, /ʃu/
I have and will
Is 'where' used as a noun or pronoun in question?
Be Published From/By
Reason the present simple is used
are they ok to say "Love through eyes" and "Love through mouth"?
What did you use to paint this WITH?
what's the part of speech for "before"?
Meaning of admit light?
What's the meaning of "Once 'in,' "
Difference between "in doing so," "in order to," "in a way that," etc
Future and reported speech
Explanation of "in this way"
Can you refer to somebody using "they"?
Word request - male who has affairs with many girls
What is the difference between robbing and stealing?
She wasn't kissing your face
Should I use the future tense here?
Done of 2 parts or done in 2 parts
Word for what is sold by companies to investors
Of which, which... of, which, whose
Discerning between in a way that, in such a way that, and in doing so?
Placement of participle phrase
Vocabulary in Context for the word frivolous
conditional clause
Allow, Allow Of, Allow For
plural or singular
munched his way through the chocolate
"brush up" and "go over"
Can "above all" trigger subject-auxiliary inversion? (Translation from German, 1788-1860)
What do "lay down" and "as the eleventh commandment" mean?
The difference between "How does it work?" and "How it works?"
A struggling clause!
All this is Kim's
When is it an error to use the "both the + noun" combination?
Have I rewritten this correctly?
Could you please help me with my two concerns regarding this short text
What is the difference between "lend" and "lend out"?
Finding a pleasant-natured expression for a list of things you want to learn
Which is the correct grammar for the following phrase?
I'd better get a quart
pronunciation difference: funs, funds
What exactly is the word "there" in an existential construction? And related questions
Tough Question: How to Use "In The Lead"
double genitive: a friend of hers
Does 'of' include this noun at the end?
Can you use word "translated" as adjective?
What does a 'state-in-waiting' mean?
What does this headline mean? - "Fiji turns the page"
He was having his food when I went to his home. Or.... When I go to his home
"say something" vs. "tell something to somebody"
Is it right to use were only with he she it?
Doesn't pervade = prevail?
The meaning of "stretch of symbol"
What is the connection between these two clauses?
"Across" vs. "over" as adverb
When to double the letter before "-able"
The meaning of bargain for
Understanding English (Listening skills)
Is "MA Graduation in Tourism Management with a concentration on Marketing" right?
Don't leave food
see Batman in the theatre
"bitter arguments and heated discussions" - meaning of "bitter"
Do your jobs efficiently and we'll chalk one up for the "Haynes"
articles: after "with"
In "All valid data bits", what does "valid" refer to?
"Deployed" stabilizer fins: installed in dock or unfolded at sea?
the world where we live in now
the battery power is limited on mobile devices
Usage of "call" when arranging a phone call
Using What and Which
Class-approved wet welding: the meaning of "Class" (and why capitalize?)
"My wife and I have been living here since we have been married." is the tense correct?
We developed a procedure that employed / employs different elements
How to ask someone to make the level of the sound of a radio or a T.V higher?
Where is the correct occurence of the world "also" in sentences?
the northernmost large and populous
You've got us down 200, partner
stemming a bond selloff - what does "stemming" mean here?
Before today, I (thought/was thinking/used to think)
How is it, Kirby?
guilty of the illegal sale of houses that were not its to sell in the first place
Imagine a world
The meaning of "share the expenses"
different usages of et al?
Procedure for assay of chemicals X and Y - or - Procedure for assaying chemicals X and Y
What do StackExchange "beta" and "meta" mean?
"The dog chased the cat" vs "The cat chased the dog"
What does "bidding dull care begone" mean? From O Henry story "The World and the Door"
If this spook is a U-boat, he might pull the plug
Meaning difference between using "is" and "has been"
Generic term for "lowercase", "uppercase" and "camelcase"
How to express the past tense
Past tense of "Seems like everything I've been doing recently is to follow people around."
Asking about the location(specifically the name of the room) of a meeting
"A place which we can stay" or "A place which we can stay in"?
Alternative "Higgsless" models would have been considered if the Higgs boson was not discovered
What does "That's O.P." mean?
What does "social tool" mean in this text? Is it an idiom?
Beginning a sentence with "encouraged" and the antecedent of "their"
Question about meaning of "winter formal" & " vibrating" & "anticipation" & "senior" in this text
Question about highlighted part of the text
"to eat a Hero" (Seinfeld)
At or In a particular time of need?
Rephrasing without using because
Can someone tell me what "douchebaggy "means?
to infinitive interpretation: successiveness vs. purpose
a brain region called the anterior cingulate cortex: why not "the" brain region?
Are "this" and "these" singular or plural?
London where he comes from or London from where he comes?
He’s not the first one I’ve known who’s gone funny
The position of "rather than"
Indefinite article with country's name? The New York Times article has it
Use perfect or simple past in this paragraph?
Is the "also" in the following sentence unnecessary?
How to use "any of"
Is "trees of green" same as "green trees"?
What is the meaning of "governing possession" & "wild" in this passage
Verb tense of "what happened"
Speak At/Into Microphone
Proved or Proven uses
What's the meaning of closemouthed in the context?
civic elements - meaning
"Will" vs "would"
What does dispatching mean
American English equivalent for 'principal' and so on
John is my brother. or My brother is john
Past perfect in past context
Transform "We got ..." structures
present perfect or past simple
Is transferred vs. has transferred
Meaning of "top addresses"
How do you translate "Es para que hubiera más cafeterías" into English?
Meaning of aristocracy and connotation of wealth
Newspaper Usages of "In The Lead"
Turn Not On X, But On Y
I'll never forget hearing
You could tell by his eyes that he was plastered to the hairline
ING-Clause Usage+Meaning
"Supposing" vs "what if"
Difference between Track and Trace
Could anyone explain me about "geep" means?
had come to notice working for X
What is the meaning of the phrase "swing the bat" or "swing the bat often"?
What matters most is your safety
Past and Present Perfect confusion
I don't want someone doing something?
Why "on the house" not "in the house", in "have a dessert on the house"
'seeing' in the progressive?
Why "was" not "were" in "Nearly £20 was taken from my bank account"
What is the difference between "I am done" and "I am through"?
Would anyone like a drink?
Meaning of pop off
Alteration Services vs Tailoring
Secure underwater search
the sort of people that disillusion you about what a lot of golfing money can do for the personality
What is the English word for "military certificate"?
How to paraphrase this paragraph
"Neither....nor" or just '..nor'?
Who there is at hotel or Who is at hotel?
What is the real name of a "parrot clock"
What was it she died of
'Jumped to climb (verb)' but then 'Jumped to death (noun)'?
When, How and the Importance of Verb Shifting
Choose: Fuels were formed underground (over - in - from - for) millions of years
What is the grammar error in this sentence: "We should spend more money on education and health and fewer on new technology"?
A: what are your plans for next holiday ? B: I (will take - are going to take - am taking) a course in English
used to vote Republican - how do you understand that?
What does reciprocity mean?
How can a narrative be 'mediated'?
placeless place
What does "mine ... relationship" mean?
It was what I had seen every day but I had never seen it before today
What's this kind of realistic, nonfiction, poetic travel writing called?
Synonym for “nip”?
Meaning of “in the evidence”?
Nonfinite Adverbial Clause
Will or Be Going To
“occasional stuffed animal”
Into A Bottle Of Wine
Have somebody doing something?
Reading alone can improve listening?
What is the meaning of the sentence?
Is it common for British English speakers to use "us" instead of "me"?
Which one is correct in present perfect?
Which one is correct in examples?
raise by? from?
I have only been able to borrow
I am healthy like a fish or as a fish?
Prepositions in, on and at rules
Difference between transitive and intransitive sentence
which vs where?
How do I say if the portrait is made by humans not drawn by them?
"I've no idea..." which is the right preposition?
The only thing she’s done wrong is [show it to me]
In relation to versus respect to
I know Who(m) you spoke to or I know to whom you spoke
"proves" vs "is proved" vs "has been proved"
What does the word "square" mean in this context?
Pick up for the penultimate time
What's the difference between "Syntax of mail function" and "mail function syntax"
Is it "Adapted to" or "Adapted for" ? Knowing that its phrasal verb is "adapt to"?
Confrontation With Beijing
"in" versus "to" in "He went running {in / to} the park."
'He don't have knowledge ' vs 'He doesn't have knowledge'
How can a picture be naked?
Using articles with dynamic nouns
"The mean recognition rate of the first 6 attitudes is above 50%”，correctly？
Set aside vs. put aside
The World Wide Web or World's Wide Web which is correct
Why are "baked" and "naked" not pronounced the same?
reciprocally VS. mutually
“I have little money” vs. “I have a little money”
correct use of similar /to/with/like/
'what are you talking about?' and 'About what are you talking?'
her former flame’s new girlfriend - what does "flame" mean?
What word should I use here
woman due to be put to death
Which tense is "are ice skating"?
Is this natural English: How was it yesterday?
India Prime Minister Vs. Indian Prime Minister Vs. India's Prime Minister
Should I put "the" in the following sentence?
Is "Is it his job to always be available?" correct?
What does "spend down" mean here
"given that", "if", "providing that", or "assuming"?
the generic use of the?
What does this mean? Especially the word “ahead”
Put Flashlight To Ear
What do Americans call a person when they cannot remember the right name?
What do Americans call something when they cannot remember its name temporarily
Turn To, Turn Into
What should I use to show my anger not using curse and bad language to refer to someone in American English?
What is the meaning of "adopter" in the phrase "adopter questions and suggestions"?
Correctness of "Launch A Plan"
I'm thinking about buying a new car
Using prepositions with 'student'
"Only then it dawned on me" or "only then did it dawn on me?
"Flyers" vs. "Passengers of a flight" What's the difference?
The antonym of 'simplicity' is not exactly what I'm looking for
Manassas Ends Hope for a Short War
Singular vs plural with multiple nouns stringed together
A single word in English for "easily make others miss the person"
Difference between 'illusion' and 'delusion'
"Seemed connected" vs "Seemed to be connected."
Using the phrase "from X to X" versus using "between Xs"
"a lot of" vs. "lots of"
The difference between "Older" and "Elder"
Is "find oneself into" = "share" a particular approach?
The University of Southern California team
Did + definite time in past . "Did you take your medicine this morning?"
“We have sold nearly everything he owns to make the down payment!”
to be to and if-clause
What would one call a list of people to be killed?
"have been long since forgotten" vs long forgotten usage
that which belongs to or is connected with her
Meaning/Usage of "outstanding"
The sun rises “east.”
Fall Over On His Side/Back
"petition on X" in "Response to We The People Petition on the Protests in Hong Kong"
What do you think of the movie?
Do I need a comma in this sentence?
as necessary / as was necessary / as it was necessary
Stoltenberg told a news conference at NATO headquarters - why is there no the in front of NATO headquarters?
What is the difference between " from ～to～" and "from ～ through～"?
"To keep you cool" or "To look cool"
difference between experience of and experience
Does the sentence " Sorry, I have no time." give a bad impression?
"He was too busy to work at a factory" - Is this sentence correct in grammar?
I just want to check what is there any something wrong sentence in the following
Can the choice be rejected as false?
Why does Bane say "the fire rises"?
What's this back-and-forth, argumentative writing called?
Meaning of sentence in context
Percentages - singular or plural when it's a % of a group of items:
The confusion between "The" or "A" article
What is the term used when you debug by hand in software development?
Should I use the phrase "sufficient understanding" or "cultural capacity"?
nation or country
To let someone else follow you into your fantasy
Does "I got a date with..." mean "I have a date with..."?
Understanding past perfect and past simple tense
Set Up Equipment
Past simple/progressive
Apostrophes in Time Expressions
Is experience countable or uncountable?
Meaning of 'teenage' in 'teenage copywriters'?
Which English meaning of kernel?
The usage of 'perceive'
What is the difference in these two sentences?
Have somebody doing something
How did you like the concert?
you cook well; you cook good
Meaning of "It was a line"
How is 'blaming customer service workers the same flawed and divisive logic'?
"A (the) reason of it is that" (definite or indefinite article)
Should I use "all the five" or "all five"?
Using "The" article before proper noun
Traditional vs Traditionalistic
Simple Grammar questions
The relational model’s conceptual simplicity was bought at the expense of computer overhead - meaning of bought?
Fill A Prescription
Meaning of "Numbers"
less versus fewer
Subject - Verb Agreement
Function of past perfect in present context
I need some new "clothes" for the summer
'would rather' vs 'would rather like'
What's this kind of periodical with harder, superior writing called?
Happiness 'from' vs 'of' vs 'to'?
What does ' with a minimum quality and value' mean?
Does 'will' as a transitive verb connote mental powers?
Why an extra 'experience' from the experience?
What's the specific 'means to our own ends'?
'to be nothing to ...' vs 'to have nothing to ...'
Is there any difference between 'attack on titan' and 'attack titan'?
How can vengeance be 'sanitised'?
1873 British use of 'which', as a relative pronoun?
Which definition for 'agency' in 'moral agency'?
recovers; re-covers
Does "good to see you" end a conversation?
Inversion - 'In no clothes does Tom look good' vs 'In no clothes, Tom looks good'
Cast about + indirect object pronoun?
Can the infinitive form of a verb be considered an object?
use of word "seminar" and "camp"
have on someone or something - is this an expression?
past simple for a duration instead of past perfect
The pronunciation of the article "a"?
Move Over Something
Why has the author put "which is" here？
"to pay their respects with messages in letters appearing on the walls" meaning
This is the pen which is convenient
What does "broken question" mean?
Preposition to use with agreeing
Idiom "to eat like a pig"
What does (social function) mean in that sentence?
Is it appropriate to say - "I am tired of your mischiefs?" or "Your mischiefs won't go unnoticed"?
"Could you tell me where she works?" vs "Could you tell me where she worked?"
Which meaning of 'stall' in pedestal?
interviews with parties "to the talks"?
What is the meaning of 'over other creeds it works with'?
What does 'over-sentimentalized femininity' mean?
combining "though" and "but"
Build A Project
This is a thing not to worry about
May I use 'to injure' in a figurative way?
The meaning of perceive in a context
Should the *the* be used with Honorable? and Is the "t" capitalized in "the Honorable"?
Confusion Over "Over"
How do you say "July 29, 1958" in American English? Is it "July twenty ninth, nineteen fifty eight" or "July the twenty ninth, nineteen fifty eight"?
what does "crafting" mean in this sentence?
what does "worked around" mean in this sentence?
factory-direct -- is it an adverb? -- context: "a few products are supplied factory-direct, a few are made in-house..."
Is this the right sentence?
Perfect infinitive
in a play on -- meaning? -- context: 'No woman no cry'," joked Benish in a play on the Bob Marley lyric
Why we do not use “will” for things we have already arranged or decided to do?
Could we use these raise and rise interchangeably in some contexts?
'Raise' or 'Rise' as NOUNS and not verbs
Meaning of 'as' in 'as nothing'
difference between turning point & tipping point?
Is “capable at managing” grammatically correct?
Do you prefer to write a draft in your native language and translate it later or not?
Is this a valid way to avoid repetition?
Tense "was breaking" doubt
Past action but present perfect?
Meaning - I am no atheist, in fact further from that
where is the most appropriate position for the adverb first?
Should I add a comma before which?
Is this sentence correct?
Explanation of “sway” vs. “influence”
Distinguishing between prepositions associated with “lack”
Amended As Published
What is meaning 'talk in terms of something'?
in the wind; with the wind
Meaning of "sex will melt your face."
How should proper nouns from another dialect be handled?
What does this sentence mean? "You have been working hard, ..."
What does "Let's face it, xxxx" mean?
"can" or "could" in the following sentence?
Does the phrase "voice an opinion" have some negative connotations?
The XYZ industrial group is a manufacturer of.. (the manufacturer of..)
Why is it "to start laughing" and not "to start to laugh"?
"to go forward" vs "to walk forward"
Usage question: "to come at someone" vs "to approach someone"
The reason "lays" or "lies" in the facts
Compound words in English
To be in a window
difference or similarity between reaction and interaction
Is the title of Borat movie grammatically correct?
"Who is Lisa friends with?" or "Who are Lisa friends with?"
When to use -al vs -ing
How to say: to check presence of something
Ticket got created and ticket is created
Which one is correct to use question sentence?
what does "Out of Silence" mean?
The nuance of 'same' and 'similar'
(Educational Bureau doc)Is it grammatically correct for putting a "which" in this sentence?
What is the difference between descriptive language and informative language?
Possessive case question
saleswoman; clerk
Difference between "having" and "having had"
Mobile network operator vs. mobile network carrier
using the pattern: less (noun phrase) than (noun phrase)
Is this BBC article ambiguous, or am I interpreting it incorrectly?
Pronunciation of English
Is my use of "so as to" in this sentence grammatically correct?
Is 'temper' used sarcastically in "tempering justice"?
Which is the proper usage? "inure with" or "inure to"
Is it impolite to use the word "snog"?
Articles in real life use
English Questions' Length
What is it meant by " 'get the capacity' to understand their study purpose"?
past perfect in a time clause
Can JAVI BROTHERS in JAVI BROTHERS MOVIES be considered as an adjective
Next December or this December?
'would have V-ed' when the situation is not in the past
The Usage Of "Withhold"
What is the difference between corridor and hall way
Present perfect in subordinate clause
think something of something/somebody
Does it sound awkward if I ask someone"Call me when you are free to talk"
differentiating between rise and raise?
become or became (or "are", or "have been")
discerning between the usage of raise and rise?
"must to be" vs. "must be"
"the more.... the more..." structure
I saw a scene in Sons of Anarchy yesterday, where Jax wears sunglasses vs where Jax was wearing sunglasses
Why does Richard Stallman refer to random strangers with feminine pronouns?
meaning of "There Must Be More to Life Than This"
How is it called in English a group of gipsy families?
Omitting a repeated verb
"$25 more than" vs "$25 more than what"?
Which form should be used for nationality: German or Germany
Why is there a How in this sentence?
What does "for money" mean in this sentence?
How to explain non-continous verbs to beginners?
"they do not have chunks of rotting flesh from their meals on their teeth, cultivating bacteria."
what does "preserved" mean here
Meaning of "Input"?
Are the listed words colloquial to use in writing
Is usage of relative pronoun for a personal pronoun admissible in writing
What's the meaning of 'or else' here? Does it present a third alternative?
How to decompose 'nor on the other hand'?
What does "scare you" mean?
Usage of the word "gratis" in English
Why does "raised" use past tense in this sentence "I was born and raised in Jakarta"
Usage Of The Determiner "This"
... finished {written/writing/to write/wrote} two compositions
The meaning "get up to" in context
"lend" vs. "borrow"
Sentence correction
It's been raining all day
Which one is correct in "How can I ..."? VS "How I can ..."
Are "Bashkir" and "Bashkirian" interchangeable adjectives?
I need a proverb or idiom which can roughly mean "He has taken up more jobs than he can handle"
"To analyze" or "for analysis"?
Should I use was or were after multiple singular nouns?
"How is/are" (subject)?
how to create economies of scale for a city?
Which one is correct sentence "The major revision ..."
What does 'Gothic' mean for universities?
"and, " or ", and"?
What does 'truck' mean in 'truck in magical thinking'?
when and past perfect
How does absolution 'automatically deprive...for virtue'?
What is the reason of putting "on" in this sentence?
tolerance is a learning over instinct... (From the french "un apprentissage sur l'instinct")
Past participle phrase vs past perfect tense
The easiest thing to do is [to] call for a taxi
"Differences in values" - use "is" or "are"?
Is "Tweety" suitable as a person's name?
It's about time [she came/has come], It's about time [to verb]
Stress in the word /telephoning/
try plus plural nouns?
you don't learn what other words they fit together with -- why do we need "what" in that sentence?
make way for your betters -- what does that mean? -- from the movie Pompeii (2014)
"would be" or "would have been" nothing to speak of
Prices Turn Higher
What is the meaning of "bought the field into existence" in this sentence?
Is it awkward to say "Good morning" to roommate every day?
Deriving the logical subject of an infinitive subordinated to a passive main clause
Present Simple with "since"
A Until B and B after A not?
How to use right word in right way with sentence
Question about highlighted part of this short text
Does this sentence even have a past perfect?
"to bump your head ON something" vs. "to bump your head AGAINST something"
I'll watch some TV vs. I'll watch some movie
What do we call the entire project which is based on arranged kinetic actions?
Difference between "if only" and "only if"
What does it mean for a physician to be a 'batterer'?
How to interpret the verb 'trace' to determine the relevant 'Kantian notions'?
How to determine if 'would' is simple past or past subjunctive here?
Question about book reports
Who are you to say otherwise?
Usage of the word "not"?
Percent with do or does?
Indirect questions order
Is it ok if I say " he often involves in/with trouble/incidents"
How we should use 'it's not worth it' structure for an activity
What is the meaning of "perhaps not surprisingly"?
The word that means for eating at midnight
I asked a question "of" her
adjective + of-phrase + to-infinitive
"Being industrious" vs. "industriousness"
meaning of maintain a realistic perspective
At the cost of about or At a cost of about
Question with that-clause, meaning
How to interpret subtleties between sentences on 'faith' and 'theology'?
Making conditions and talking about later result
How is this containing 'all the while' a fused sentence?
Are the questions of the form "A is B?" acceptable in English?
Question about usage of past perfect
The problem is/was due to something
Doesn't this contradict 'know better than + to do <something>'?
How to decompose/parse 'to know better (than to do <something>)'?
Can we use E-mails instead of E-mail addresses?
What counts as one word and what is two words
I can play [definite article or no article] samulnori
Is the verb "taked" right?
“What does this mean?” vs. “What is this meaning?”
What does this mean "Where does optimism bias manifest in our lives?"
What does “I intend to address these challenges head-on” mean?
Should I add an "over" in the following sentence?
Shouldn't "by the thousands" be "in the thousands"?
was to be and was to have been
How can I give two reasons in two sentences?
"be very much" meaning
other explanations of as early as?
Can you join these two independent clauses without using that?
Where are you from?
What is the meaning of 'virtual'? Dictionaries confuse me!
as early as VS. before
writing details for house sale advertisement
"bring up" versus "raise"
what does "stretching into" mean?
Simple present (scheduled near future) vs present continous (Near Future) vs simple future
Difference between Simple Present Passive and Simple Past Passive Voice
Paraphrase this sentence about Microsoft acquiring someone's startup?
Adj + (of) a + noun construction
Why does Oxford's entry for the word 'Decadence' have 'W' capital in Western society?
"I'm sorry" and "I'm afraid"
"Do you know where's Linda?" vs "Do you know where Linda is?"
Can what-clauses modify directly their previous noun phrases?
Is the parenthesis correct？
Definitions of ''up above''
memory is of VS. memory is
What should follow "I'll tell you another reason..."?
Coach Through The Stages
Help understanding the phrase "at the mercy of your subject's prejudice"
What are the adjectives for fruits that contain sugar and don’t contain sugar?
Are whoever, whichever and whatever relative pronouns?
When matrix clause is past tense and its subordinate clause uses 'will'
What is the difference between "divided" and "sub-divided"?
Does this sentence mean what I intended it to mean?
Not until structure
"fancy someone" and other expressions
How to simplify double negative in this answer about the hypocrisy fallacy?
whichever method you choose.. or whichever method that you choose
How to use the word CART/KART?
what kind of nouns is used after whatever?
Why this dialogue relates to the "Irony" expressions?
in/on the showcase
whichever player scores..or whichever person who scores
Adverb between conjugated verb and infinitive?
"I know it" vs. "I know this"
Personal circumstances?
What does 'indulgent superiority' mean?
Contradiction - 'And get your story straight, you faitheists!'?
Oddness - 'in spite of error and illusion' vs 'because of error and illusion'?
Interpretation of 'That case goes far beyond the mere assertion'?
My relationship to the patient is that of: ____?
numbers of people has/have?
"Object pronoun + all" = ? = "all + of + Object pronoun"
'all' , 'all the', 'all of the', and 'the whole'
Ways to organize an ESL course?
Which one of the following sentences is correct?
By The Dozen/Hundred
Is that true what native English speakers are using more sentence form like "How/Wh~ does/ do /did"?
Expressing "Every person has a season in which the person thrives" in another form
Does anyone know which of the following sentences is more used by native English speakers?
I'm ready for something Vs. I'm prepared for something
The meaning of whipped through the mall
Please correct the use of the word
what does "would then" mean?
"had been wanting...because I was" or "wanted...because I was"
He lives on the top floor {of / in} our building?
How many people I know..but However much people I know..?
A question about Allegory
Strike could think of little he wanted to do less
How to combine "the last but one" and "the last but three" together?
My mum is growing a baby!
There's "this" boy/girl/guy
my shoes have come apart OR torn?
Should I say something (plural) were v+ed with something (singular)?
Should I insert an article in this sentence?
What's the difference between "an operation" and "a surgery"
Pick Up Whispering
What does 'It all kicked off' mean?
What is the difference between sing for / sing to me?
Use of 'ever' in a question along with modal could
Use of the indefinite article with the object of a preposition
I wish (if) I could buy a bike
however, no matter how beautifully crafted your CSS, it is pretty useless on its own -- why is there no "is" after "your CSS"?
'Alone', 'on one's own' and 'by oneself'
It is not the case, however, that the XXX can do LLL
His Health Pick Up
Pick Up The Chant
Pick Up One's Step
It is a decision resulting from "animal spirits", singular or plural?
What is the difference between early hours in the morning and at dawn
How does 'could' illustrate a fact? Why not use 'can'?
Therefore, in order to properly follow the tutorials, a recent compiler is needed
Criticism - 'battleground' vs 'spite'
Should I say "go out" or "go outside"?
"comes" or "comes around" once in every four years
"Spring is warm in France" vs. "France is warm in spring"
What does 'still more' mean?
How does 'jealousy' mean 'suspicion'?
Meaning of sentence containing 'the depraved ambition of some men, the vanity of others'
What does 'superstructure' mean in this 1827 British use?
Meaning of "This paper endeavours to show"
Meaning of 'such as are of ... that'?
Is this sentence "I withdrew from the school to prepare for transfer exams and transferred to another school" like the US English?
Opinionated vs Sarcastic (Tone)
Who [do we think [ _ had a key]]? ; Do we think [who had a key]?
Which conjunction should I use?
How can travails be romantic?
What does mean the mind boggles?
Does anyone know how many garble between in the following sentence?
The relationship in a company
Meaning of 'rules of order', 'schemes of classification'
What is the proper word for 'lookuped'
What does 'formation' mean?
can someone please explain the meaning of semblance?
The University of St Andrews ______ is the oldest university in Scotland
Is saying "I figured it out!" (past tense) correct usage?
The meaning of concious mind
that still leaves a boy who paid me to come here -- I don't understand what that means -- from the movie "Ironclad 2: Battle for Blood"
cut-out-and-keep -- meaning?
What does 'imaginative consciousness' mean?
To Be In Treatment
Willing/unwilling situation
Difference between "started something for communicating" and "started something to communicate"
What does 'principle' mean in 'reasons of principle'?
What does a 'thing' mean for a victim?
What of Reinhold Niebuhr clashes 'with modern racial sensibilities'?
'Secure' followed by direct and indirect object?
Negating sentences - " If I had not ..., I would ..."
Help understand phrase "to be engaged with one's kids in a meaningful way"
"Man, it's not that easy!" - What if I'm talking to a woman?
"Doesn't talk please VS Don't talk please"
When should I use 'Cheer!', 'Cheers!'?
Should I use "vehicle" or "vehicle's"?
Does versus will--Can "does" be followed by an ing verb and "will"?
Using 'anyone' in affirmative contexts - Is "he just wanted to kill anyone" grammatical?
"in eleven minutes" / "over eleven minutes"
off vs of vs off of - Can they be interchanged
scan immediate left, next right, farthest right -- are these adverbs?
What verb form should come after "ALREADY", "Present" or "Past Participle"?
where CSS cascades, so HTML inherits -- I don't quite get how "so" is used in this context
dip-in -- meaning?
What does "whack" mean in this context?
Why do we use would + infinitive rather than past? [wish]
take in all the sights -- meaning?
What is the difference between smudge and stain?
How can power undergo 'exegesis'?
'As' or 'While'
Justification of "be at odds"
"On its behalf" idiom
"he likes but I don't" or "he likes but I"
Are there any differences between "exclusive bus lane" and "bus only"?
"Could be living" vs. "could live"
go+doing with some verbs which don't describe an activity
What is the meaning of detour in the following sentences?
What should the missing article be?
Grounds as a reason for
forgo -- meaning?
Should I use “each vehicle axle” or “each axle”?
rock combo -- what does that mean?
'Sweep clause' in a contract: where does this name come from?
See That She Was Smiling
catch fire; catch on fire
Usage of "As Spotted By"
Upbringing of a poorly raised child
What is the difference between "industry use" and "industrial use"?
'Would have + pp' meaning
Substitute "which" instead of "where" in subordinate clause?
How can native English speakers read an unknown word correctly?
May I say "The client sent me a letter >asking< to [do something]"?
"I heard the clock strike ten": why not "striked ten"?
up; into the following state?
Grammatical structure of "goodness knows where"
Some facial beauty standards
"He saw it stop and his son get out"
It is my first time to VERB or VERB-ing
What are proper uses of "get into"?
"All languages are interesting." "Every language is interesting." Do they mean exactly the same thing?
Cleaning Up From Snowstorm
Better way to use 'take' and 'took'
What does "it brings me back in a big way" mean?
Put On Itching Cream
'But', 'except' and 'except for'
'Alternative', 'choice' and 'option'
stick <something> on - meaning?
a one-stop shop for all things definition lists has to be -- meaning?
How criticize for not doing something?
Do very old people not use auxiliary do?
difference between lot and round about?
I think that's rather after Phoebe
Performing several actions on the same thing - "(verb) it, (verb) it and (verb) it" OR "(verb), (verb) and (verb) it."
English equivalent to "My mother - sent me - to a private english teacher when I was a child"
"She DIDN'T enjoy it" or "She NOT enjoyed it"?
Finding the money isn't easy or money being found isn't easy?
difference between get and come by
What is the main difference between "work under a professor" and "work with a professor"?
Production of (the) so-called "green tires": is article necessary?
Word for outgoing quotation (selling an item)
"Set aside the round" and "forfeit it" meaning?
Is it possible to use a subject before the gerund?
What is the register of "to be shamed"?
get at the back/in the back
What kind/kinds of car/cars are you interested in?
How to pronounce words that end in consonant clusters like '-nds' or '-ths'?
In a 'what' fused relative phrase, do you pause after 'what'?
What does this mean? Does this mean what I think?
What do you have to say for yourself? / What have you got to say for yourself?
What is the difference between width and breadth?
Is there a better word than "Likewise"?
both + [plural NP] + and + [singular NP]
An informed leave vs a informed leave
he has plowed about $127 million into hotels -- meaning?
textbook accusations -- meaning?
the all the new and the old intelligence -- I can't make sense of this
So fat is he ... So beholden is he to ... -- Grammar Question
BrE: 'screeching like an alley cat'
"How I know" vs "How should I know"
When to use "drank" and "drunk"
Which definition of 'bide' in 'bide time'?
You MADE/HAD/GOT me check the dictionary
Responses to questions with modal verbs
Using 'may' and 'might' in AmE
Usage of: 'since', 'for' and 'in'
Why do you use relative clauses?
which one is more proper to use between anybody ... and somebody
Past perfect or simple past?
How can I use "having"?
State vs action
Kim or I was/were rejected
She loves being looked at. or She loves looking at her
pretend + noun vs pretend to + noun
My questions were duly answered
Does the gerund clause 'finding money' indicate passive meaning?
past simple or present perfect with since
What is the meaning of the numbers in this case?
Interchangeability of 'vendor' and 'service provider'
What is the difference between "tell me" and "I am told"?
Are future tenses used in relative clauses?
Which one is gramatically correct
Past conditional -missed opportunities and past hypotheses
Zero article meaning some particular thing
Which is the correct gerund clause? 'People's killing animals', or 'People killing animals ... '?
Do you mind me / my
"If He Does... He Will..." in the Past Tense
memories of Cold War fact and fiction -- what is "fact and fiction"? an adverbial phrase or a noun?
Can the sentence "My shoelaces are so long that when I walk, they come under my shoes." be rephrased to a shorter, routine language sentence?
"Legacies in a field of study"?
Difference between "School of English" and "English school"
Does this sentence contain a gerund?
How formal is the use of "faux pas"?
If only, with would in two clauses (if only, would + infinitive, would + infinitive )
When to use "Of Whom"
which vs what usage
Is “by way of conclusion" more formal than "In conclusion"?
Did I use tenses and addition of contrast correctly?
Do you mind + gerund OR if
'Would you mind' and 'Do you mind'
learn more; read more
Would somebody like
This winter is less cold than last one
policed him up -- meaning? (military context)
Feel like something
Reference for the level of formality of words and expressions
Would have gotten it?
Is it a Shakespear's quote or does that quote come from Shakespeare?
A human being will not mean.. or Being a human will not mean
Why "its" even though the noun is plural?
Is abated" or "has abated" or "has been abated
Is this sentence ungrammatical?
Modal 'need' vs Regular 'need'
What are the similarities and differences: attend vs tend?
How many clauses and objects are there in this sentence
"looked to the brass eyelet-holes": why "to" and not "at"? What is the meaning?
How to decompose/parse 'in which + noun'?
Grammar of Polonius, Act 2, Scene 2, Hamlet
Active construction of 'Our team is so blessed...'?
Did I make any mistakes in usage of tenses?
Determiner and article - Can we omit them if sentence becomes wordy
Correct mistakes
When to use "he know" and "he knows"
Using Present Perfect with the exact time during speech
Difference between "speed up something" and "speed something up"
What's this kind of more advanced, analytical reading called?
Difference between "I'm in the school" and "I'm in school"
Noun + anonymous examples
What do "M", "G" and "B" buttons mean in an elevator?
What is the difference between "cannot" and "can not" in these examples?
Settle Into A Truce
Phrasing questions in passive voice
What is the intention of "on went" in the sentences?
"The finer points"
I hope you don't / wouldn't mind
Different usage of the structure "wonder / was wondering"
Why do two sentences have different structures?
what's the meaning of "stark necessity"
How to properly combine two sentences by using a relative clause?
Am I making jokes when I speak "please don't miss me"
Meaning of the sentence: "A woman at the back goes crash on the cymbals."
Adding extra information
Meaning of "you should be all set up to do so."
I am better than you or I am better than you are
What is the difference between a secluded beach and a deserted beach?
Are the gerund forms 'having been + adj./noun..,There being,There having been,etc.' in use?
Present perfect or present simple
I asked my friend what had happened
Literal meaning of splitting hairs
difference between won't and wouldn't
Do commas go after a word or before the next word?
How to compare tonnes?
How do you like this hat?
what does usage between raise and increase?
Is "Did you not tell me..." proper English?
"It should have come down" or "It should have came down"?
Negotiation, Negotiating Point
Is "of opening" used here in the sense "from the start, in the beginning"?
Understanding phrase "feed right back to him"
Morphological analysis of 'unlawfulness'
"None is" or "none are"
The emerald, the shamrock, the Blarney
In/On/Under Another Plan
“puked” vs. “vomited”
Past deductions: I am sure they would (must) have done plenty of testing
what is the difference between 'come off' and 'take place'?
Use of the aspirate after the indefinite article
How to use to take/get a train/bus/plane/subway/car
I like the music in/from/of movie
How strong is the tone of like or dislike in the phrase "not too fond of"?
Hard fate when women are compell’d to woo!
Is there a dictionary, that describe a slight difference between synonyms?
I or i, which one is correct?
Meaning of "What did he do that had not always been done?"
"...probably knew the answer judging by..." Is this grammatically correct?
Using "will" vs "be going to"
"sibling" vs "brother/sister"
What is English phrase express a time point that happened less than 1 minute?
Are the possessives treated properly below? Can there be a plural possessive when the following word is not plural?
What is the difference between “home” and “house”?
Name of dot over "i" and "j"
If + simple tense, would + bare infinitive (First conditional with would?)
A comparison between the structures "would rather" and "would prefer"
Difference between "should" and "must"
Passive sentences: placing an adverbial before or after the agent
Definite article meaning some of a group
Second conditional with "will" not "would"
What she was doing here OR What was she doing here
Various types of citing preference in AmE
Different solutions of citing preference between activities
"I took my shirt off" or "I took off my shirt"
How to prefer one activity to another in AmE?
Which one is more appropriate? "we will like to thank you" or "we would like to thank you"?
move into the few buildings "still standing"
Can "for -ing" form be used after a noun to indicate the purpose of the noun?
Suitable prepositions between "doctoral program" and "university"?
Which verbs can be used with possessive pronouns?
What does BL mean, which a farmer can refer to other farmer?
This is the first time + continuous
Extra negative in subordinate clause
What's wrong with these sentences?
'To be' vs 'to do' after wish
Where ARE/DO you come from?
difference between 'deliberately' and 'on purpose'
What does "most recent call last" mean?
I can think of "not many"?
use of the verb 'come out' regarding photos
How does the placement of the adverbial (before vs after the agent) change the sentence?
question about meaning of "in place" in this text
What is the meaning of the perfect participle clause 'anyone having touched this wire...'
question about meaning of " cross referenced " and one more word
is that an erroneous use of "steppes": "the high Himalaya in the northern steppes.."
Is "of course" polite?
Condescension is much appreciated [meaning]
Do you know what his name is?
Contracts, like humans, expire?
Isn't there no difference between yeah, yes and yah
past simple vs past perfect in conditionals
Why not 'heading' in "Where are you headed?"
"issue" as an intransitive verb?
How to rearrange hyperbaton in 'Say Not the Struggle Naught Availeth'?
Grammar and rearranging hyperbaton in 'The Rime of the Ancient Mariner'?
Present subjunctive after 'until'?
J.R.R. Tolkien's Letter 171
Which meaning of 'vanity', in Ch 7, Line 32 of Jane Eyre?
Good of you to see me
Opposing meanings of 'all but'?
Difference between a hole and a pit?
Casual vs Cavalier vs Nonchalant vs Indifferent
Is the word 'lousy' offensive to use informally?
under significant provocation relating to timetable... I don't uderstand what that means
"By way of contrast VS By ways of comparing"
Adjective after noun?
"Me neither" or "Me too"?
At times or in times?
Should I use in, on or at for locations like this: "I am {on/at/in} the railway station"?
Quarantine On/Of
Is "We decided to repeat the monologues in turn one after another" right?
The usage of "among others"?
appear + noun vs appear as + noun
what are the Basic Phrasal verbs for beginners
I had to report to the police
How to analyse/parse 'what there are/is [noun] to [verb]'?
Should there be a space between [year] and BC?
Why do people say "too little too xyz" instead of "a little too xyz"
Make it snappy ,,, Say it snappy?
What kind of grammatical structure is "It's time we stopped talking."?
Hobgoblin, hobnail, hobnob
The sense of movement in ( back out )
Differences between "long", "tall", and "high"
What does "sticking (sticky) cover" mean?
One word for preparing (rubbing/polishing) marble tiles?
Do "nested" and "embedded" mean the same?
How can I ask a follow-up question, that assumes there is a possible positive answer to the first question?
Difference between "partner and friend"
Jolts you awake
Is there tomorrow or Will there be tomorrow?
The most fitting way to start a phone conversation with a potential employer
How to combine two sentences by using "who"?
Cast Into Difficult Position
Negative and positive question
Which day of the working week is called blue?
A steel glass Vs. A glass glass!
Could you explain phrase "vaguely annoying in an over-enthusiatic motivational speaker kind of way"
'it + be + noun phrase + relative clause' : Is this pattern always a restrictive clause?
Better way of asking "What country can Mount Fuji be found?"
What does sb. mean in NED?
Is it grammatically correct to say "ON the picture?"
ten out of ten horseshoes -- meaning?
When can we interchange “who/which" and "that”?
Do we cook/boil/<something more appropriate> tea? I'm talking about a specific way of preparation whose description is given below
Looking for a 1000 most frequent english words
Does "none" take cause SV-inversion?
Is there a friendly calling for uncle?
combine two sentence into one sentence
Help understanding the difference between "been made" and "being made"
Do I have to use “do” in any “wh-” question?
What do "track" and "screen" mean in this context?
What is the use of using preposition 'of' to talk about possessions with *ANIMATE* countable nouns?
“confused about” + “remembering”
closing the door behind / after someone
put <something> on, or put on <something>
Using the indefinite article after no and not
So am I or So do I
The use of be form twice in one sentence
Is inpolite to say "check this out"?
How can I say it in this situation? ("slice" vs. "cut")
The usage of 'have been on'
answer the phone
Does she pronounce differently for these fiance's?
I don't understand this sentence
"Even simpler is the utility egrep" -- how do you understand it?
I off day this afternoon
After the noon Vs Afternoon
Is "There + 'intransitive verb' ..." okay?
What is the difference between have been and went?
The plain English justification of the use of "such that" in mathematics?
"Application" + "when using something"
What is the opposite of 'followers'? And the context is NOT social networking sites
How to determine the right order of hyperbaton?
When to use Sorry and When to use forgive me, excuse me
Looking for the subject of an infinitive phrase
Is this correct sentence "Where have you been yesterday"?
It has been a while since I watched you sleep
Diffrence between is gone and has gone
How to say it right: "none" or "noone"
I (liked / would like / would have liked) to laugh, but I didn’t dare
Are 'chord' and 'foil' synonymous in this excerpt?
the usage of word lack
Using commas for pauses, not using commas after 'that'
"Some" and "Any"; countables and uncountable
"method" + "of" + "doing something"
Verb "contribute to" + "doing something"
what does "predict", "milestone" and "tie into" mean here?
Is this in the past tense? I'm struggling between writing in the past tense but using active words?
What is more natural answer?
What does "evanescent departures" in the text mean?
Balance Of Power
The address is written on the back of the namecard
"Come up in the next half hour"
Should I add a comma before "since"?
he thought to be working for the Russian government
What are some good methods to learn how to pronounce the letter V
Don't you read blithely as /blaɪθlɪ/ in UK?
80% of mobile recharges on girls' phones are done by their boyfriends - How do I say that?
A number with contraction - is it valid?
explanation of retrograde development
Do i even want to know what you were looking at?
explanation about the construction "doubt no that..."
Omitting the article before defining relative clause
Connotation of 'so much the better/worse for'
How to combine two sentences into one sentence with relative clauses?
he was due some
What is the difference between "one" and "a"?
Confusing 1920 uses of 'it' and 'which' by R. H. Tawney?
SIT or SET yourself at the table
'Someone playing 'A' someone' - what kind of expression is that?
present simple and past simple
present perfect and past simple
What is the difference between superstition, blind faith and omen?
"Dracula when I saw was the last movie." Why is this sentence wrong?
what does "practice" mean in this contex?
/’twəni/ ; /ˈtwenti/
However, although in single sentence
eliminate documents and an electronic database
A is irrelevant to B "or" or "nor" C?
"up to now" versus "to now"
What is the term for person that cannot be honest with themselves and fakes happiness
Offensive word for people, who offend others
"Did you bring a horse for me?" or "Have you brought…?"
What is an eight-by-eight-foot duct-tape?
What does it mean "Break Ya Neck" and "Protect Ya Neck"
Usage of 'should' versus 'would'
"can't" versus "couldn't", what is the difference?
Placement of "before" in a sentence
A future change in how things are seen - "will be seen" or "will have been seen"
"We met when we were studying" vs. "when we had studied"
Which one of these is/are correct?
In A Job, At A Job
Past Simple or Past Perfect
Stative and Informative sentence
Relative Pronoun - Whom / Why is "Whom" used in this sentence?
Skill could be “Obtained” or "Trained"?
a media staple -- meaning?
Nouns with different meaning in the plural form. How to use them on plural sentences?
How do you pronounce: "seeing a"?
haggling vs bargaining
Is 'oblige' the right word: 'thinking ... oblige us to avoid self-serving bias...'?
Empathy vs Sympathy in the same sentence?
Grammar of Othello, Lines 442-450, Act 3, Scene 3, Othello
Shut and close your mouth
Clauses wrong usages
She has been oversleeping on or in the train and missing her stops - which is the correct preposition?
If 'Social Media' is uncountable and plural, why do we say 'Social media is...'?
"I am lost too" or "I am too lost"
The phrase "get real work done"?
Is "either A and B or C and D or E and F" right?
What do we call letters/images in printouts with less ink?
Is it in/on or at the wedding?
A is as [adjective] as B does?
Isn't "eventually" a word to describe the possibility?
Is "Paginator" part of the English lexicon?
'That way' means something I didn't expect
show you to your room vs show you into your room
Please get up quickly, "so"/"or" you'll be late for school
What is the difference in meaning between "A majority of" and "The majority of"?
Fig Leaf - Meaning
The meaingn of 'fancied insult'
How to pronounce "in it" and "on it"?
'Fall is here' and '<he> has gone full pumpkin'
"As important as" or "As importantly as"
What does a middle name mean in AmE and where from it is taken (What is the formula for making a middle name)?
Why do we use "was" for the pronoun "I" in some cases?
we use by when something happens by a time in the future not until
Verb with UP in the meaning "will be soon"
Why say "of x's" instead of "of x"?
"very beautiful" vs. "totally/absolutely beautiful"
no more than >would< an anvil
How does 'if not' mean 'perhaps even'?
'if not for': Is this use correct?
combination of "across" and "from", also question about "bee-lined for"
"Numbers" Ambiguous?
"He also blows that once I..."
Multiply and divide
Can a noun follow 'to intend'?
How to analyse/parse an incomplete 'if, [independent clause]'?
"check out", "check in", or just "check"?
All the + singular noun?
What order does the word 'just' follow?
'I have nothing' vs. 'I don't have anything'
How to convert these sentences into questions
Past Simple vs. Present Perfect
sentence about 'death'
Meaning of the phrase "Glob up in lines" in an advertisement video of Olay products
In those days, you could have been (could be?) killed for any trifle
Usage, Meaning Of "From"
Help understanding a phrase from a video
Usage, Meaning Of "Around"
The meaning of "and would he not win" and the following sentences
Using 'present tense' after someone has died
"Rest of us" phrase
If they were Vs If They had been
an active search for methods for optimization
'indulge' vs 'indulge in'
How can I say that a site contains some ideas?
Should I use " European Union's " or "European Union"?
How to say that I'm using Linux?
Women's clothes or women clothes in a department store?
Mnemonics for learning the days of the week
Usage of “surreal”
Use of the word ''race''
What does mean to "get to the nuts and balls of something"?
strong winds are tipped
"He […] you to his party last week, but he did not have your address"
Usage of present perfect tense with other tenses
Can these perfect tense be changed into simple past?
goes to show, went to show
amble to a halt, amble to stop
Does "Daddy is home" sound natural?
Why does this sentence use 'where' instead of 'when'?
Sit yourself down VS. Sit down
'What of' concluded with a period?
Relative adverbs: when vs where
Diversified product and diversified person
With prepositions - relative adverb 'where' vs relative pronoun 'which'
phrase "to be on the receiving end of <something>"
what's the meaning of "at its own peril"?
What is the difference between "pupil" and "people"?
How do you read ISO numbers?
Gift this to the people whom / who you truly care
It is likely that + [past participle]?
I am a bit hungry. Bit vs very
Shall I use "am" or "is" following a sentence prefixed "Me"?
usage of "name" as transitive verb
"He has a new sports car now. He ..... it for a good price."
Which one is the better sentence?
Discerning between to me and for me?
When we use singular form of Property when we refer to multiple properties?
Purpose of 'there' after 'to intend'?
When to use 'the' in front of a country?
Which one is correct: a strong motivation or strong motivation?
What is the grammatically right way to use 'the' in the sentence?
spat defiance at the West -- meaning of "spat defiance"?
Whose past participle should I use here?
Meaning of the clause 'Opening the file, he called John'?
Is there a simple website that can show the different forms of any word?
walk up the stairs in twos and threes
"I don't think I'll succeed but I ........... as well try."
understanding the 'timeline' phrases
Another people!
What does "I need to rant" mean?
When something unexpected happens in a film, can it be called a "reversal"?
use of 'put together'
Meaning of "I didn't hear from him until now"
"It's time you ..........to bed."
usage of “as many as”
"She ... in London for several years before she moved to New York."
"When you ......... your homework, you can go out"
a formal equivalent verb for 'bring (benefits) to'
Difference between "armistice" and "peace treaty"
what is the antonym of "heliotrope"?
the celebrations of the connections of a horse
"He told that he was hiring 20 additional policemen"
Is this sentence pattern possible?
How can you make a passive sentence with only a do-auxiliary?
(did not listen) vs (was not listening) (past simple vs past continuous)
What does 'he' refer to in this sentence?
The doctor is checking my
Informal way to say "I am answerable to ..."
'Has all the horses'
difference between put your hand up and raise your hand?
Meaning using "was to" and "were to" in sentence
What is the antonym for darker skin?
Can "as well as" be used in "A, B as well as C" structure?
Demanding money for poor countries to take voluntary action
Understanding of a sentence
Usage of the words 'too' and 'also'
Expressing uncertainty - "It was not clear if ..."
Another phrase for "difficult task is set for somebody"
"Face still", what's the meaning of "still" here?
have to be able to swim / were to be able to swim
A semantic comparison between the usage of two prepositions 'from' and 'than' in American English
How Americans bring up a reference to a particular subject in a formal letter?
Verb, but no subject, after 'such as'?
Comma before "but"
What are the differences in these phrases?
How to understand “around the world and in the U.S.”
what does "at least as close as we have got to one so far" mean in this context?
Why is there no plural 's' after "hundred" or "thousand" in cardinal numbers?
Why musn't there be two 'third conditionals' in an 'if'' clause?
Should reference numbers be located after the punctuation?
What does "Swedish parents are entitled to 480 paid parental leave days for each child" mean?
what does "for other nation nations to aspire to" in this text mean?
what does "politicians are still politicians, but in Scandinavia they are perhaps more principled"
How to decline a help offer politely
Ambitions To/For
How to use "What about ... ?"
what does the sentence "to be integrated into the urban skyline..." in this context mean?
Word describing desperate fighter
How are you with puzzles?
Her leg was impaled on steel rod
Android phones with(for?) those 5-inch screens
Meaning Of "On"
Boy, am I thirsty
If + past perfect, then + past conditional - Why's this wrong?
I can't understand what they said, please help. "Counting Stars" by copy band three guys
opened off the school library; opened to where?
Transcript error in "which are really amazing for reading books"?
"Opening the file, John called David" or "John, opening the file, called David."?
Which requires he "be" injected with gamma globulin
Connectors and joint sentences elements that can add some information to the mentioned ideas
Exceptions: “Bring” and “Take” for Future Events
Which definition of 'set' in 'offset' and 'set ... off'?
"I decided the target for our firm IS TO BE TO provide better services."
When to use did in a question?
I put the things back
“draws a lot of water in this town” meaning?
use of the phrase "in the light of current events"
filling teeth and place a filling
Difference between 'And' & 'After'?
How do I improve listening to English conversations?
How to use "make" and/or "make for" in this sense?
Figurative meaning of 'tidal basin'?
Do native speakers often use relative clauses?
In sushi restaurants, what do you call the one taking reservations?
Meaning of self before a gerund
What is 'slave to the grind' meaning in skid row's album?
May/might/could have done something
widely accepted as the heir apparent of -- what does "the heir apparent of" mean?
Why is it acceptable to use the present tense when speaking about text?
Meaning - paced to the time of the music
Which word describes a state of mind when you make unnecessary easy-to-avoid mistake?
Searching an area for something
meaning of "vague that up"
A complex causative form
not ... so are/is
What does "Sorry, that didn't make sense" mean?
What's the meaning of "encountered" here
Connotation of boob job
turned in a rather unimpressive interview performance -- what does "turned in" mean in this context?
a bit of culture clash -- what does that mean?
Just now I know he is stingy
"Less you feel uneasy" vs. "Less uneasy you feel"
"which soldier is me!” or “which soldier I am!”
Figurative meaning of 'limb'?
maintain vs sustain
discerning between from whom and from
grammaticality of 'for what to blame them is a bit unfair'
Which proforms have "Tom" as antecedent in "When Tom won, his friends cheered for him"
The usage of "Not all of them" as Subject
Meaning - there was yet time for that tiny slip
Is an expression like "How long does this letter take to arrive at London" unnatural?
Why it is changed from a man to the man?
Meaning - to her own recipe
Asking about Certainty/Possibility
What does "every fourth victim" mean?
that I scarce was sure I heard you -- please help me make grammatical sense of this line
"x thinks it's people"--why "people" and not "a human"?
What's the meaning of "has to say"
What's the meaning of "conventionally"
Do I understand "As computers became smaller and more powerful so their uses developed within science..." correctly?
Does 'pepper' include bell peppers
Tom has studied Chapter One and he is begin to study Chapter Two
For future reference, I have a red Volvo
Difference between simple, continuous and perfect passive participles?
What's the meaning of "reasonably believing"
Usage of "Go At"
Use of the Phrase 'Home Tuition'
Turn Equipment On <Somebody>
What is the meaning of "For Good"?
What is the meaning of 'the bus doesn't run out here ?'
Backshifting in reported speech - "I wanted to let you know that he HAS/HAD sent you the letter"
How would uneducated people say: "he has some good qualities"
extract vs excerpt
TOEFL listening detail analysis
Meaning of the participle "being bitten by insects"
Comparative vs. Superlative While Comparing Two Items
Context and use of word "exception worthy"
-ɪdʒ vs -ədʒ at the end of knowledge, vintage, college etc
Difference between In and During
'people far from business and politics'
How does 'as to' mean 'with respect to'?
Is " Are there the person who have a doller?" grammatically incorrect?
Reported speech of (three years ago/ next week)
prepositions with (Industrial estate)
Does 'Founded ,the club' mean 'The club,which was founded'?
"how could you know" vs "how can you know"
Adverbs which are used to convey that one thing happens as the result of another thing or to introduce a logical result or conclusion
Is "Speed of need" acceptable in English?
What's the meaning of 'stopover' here? (movie dialogue, "The Defiant Ones", 1958)
What's the meaning of "undercurrents" here?
Second conditional or "be to do something" in an if clause?
Am I Using Recondite Correctly Now?
Confusing exercise question about modal verbs
What does "beat free" (or "can't beat free") mean?
Live Its Divsion
Excrement, faeces or poop?
Chong Wei's B sample being tested
Practice Makes It Perfect
Do verbs change form when you turn tag questions into non-tag questions?
I am making up a bottle for you
He sucks on his fist and making sucking noises
How long is a 'block'?
Use of Modal Verbs 'Must' and 'Will' to Express Certainty
Flat tyre and puncture
Clothing verbs when you do not mention any clothing
How to analyse/parse 'put of'?
Verbs that are used when you want to dress somebody else
Undressing someone and other equivalent verbs for that
Common formal / informal verbs used for changing clothes
'more' vs 'the more' - "I doubt this the more because.."
What does "on this side of the border" mean in this context?
A man is trying "setting up" (or "to set up") password - difference in meaning?
Is there an insinuation after 'had better'?
Difference between 'has grown' and 'has expanded' in these sentences
proper -- can this postpositive adjective be substituted for "in and of itself"?
Use of "Must' and 'Should' for Future Certainty
Advice for international student on how to improve oral English and get involved in American culture
After/Because/etc. + simple past or past perfect?
What does "flattens" mean in this context?
I have a question
Bit too much free champagne?
How often do you buy (a new car/new cars)?
What do you think (of/about) the service?
Is it required to capitalize the initials of a phrase that is used as an alternative to 'the Earth', 'the Moon', etc?
Usage Of the verb "Miss"
Can you say "the dessert eats well"?
"Don't Do A <NAME>"
Is there difference between the pronunciation of "tried to" and that of "try to"?
Miss/Break A Curfew
What is the difference? a or the?
He looks all about!
"the hotel where you stayed" or "the hotel where you stayed at"
Effective way to teach English for non-native high school students
Is there any difference between "(rope) sold in 100 meter coils" and "(rope) sold by 100 meter coils"?
The bodies have been (were) sent to hospital: difference in meaning
Why is "lay on hands" grammatically awkward?
The equivalent verbs which are used when clothes are on your body
Male and female turkeys
An official sheet or ...?
Meaning in context: Old men like me don't bother with making points. There's no point
"Before doing X or doing Y, you need to do Z", does it mean Z, X/Y, Z, X/Y OR Z, X/Y, X/Y, X/Y?
A particular usage of "would" in the context: they did return my car, why would they do it?
Is there anything wrong with "Relation between smoking and academic achievement"?
What does mean this? take off things
Difference between past perfect and past simple with specified time
Molesting vs Groping
"the exact" vs "exactly the"
butt, bottom, buttock and ass?
What does "not...differently from" mean?
What is the difference between “then” and “than”?
what is the between past and past participle in meaning only
“in the morning” vs. “in morning”
Omitting auxiliary "do" before "not" in coordination
Touchdowns On The Season
"There is still an eternity left before we can be together." or "There is still an eternity before we can be together."?
Johnny get angry
She don't know that she's a lucky girl
Two questions about this sentence: 1. Why not "hearts"? 2. Which aforementioned action does "as Oliver did" refer to?
How to identify if sentence is passive Voice or Indicative sentence?
What is the other word that can be instead of sequel?
What do these of-complements mean?
Figurative meaning of 'warranty'?
What's the meaning of “out of”?
'to effect' vs 'to give effect'
What explains the semantic sameness in 'Verb + preposition + Direct Object' and 'Verb + Direct Object'?
Is it okay to say, "I am increasingly older."
Effect of 'in which' - 'best case in which to suggest'
'Putting on / Wearing' and 'Taking off' a hat / cap... - Tie &... - Glasses - Jewels and so on
"if you're dropping by again, do pop in"
What is this "It would have been great"?
Is it correct to use "hardest" here? If yes, can you please explain it?
Why remove "himself" from the following sentence?
so far, so cold war
All your choice of an employer depends on is whether
"Andrew looked at him in the mirror": can "him" refer to Andrew?
There's vs There are
Is it possible to forget your mother tongue?
Fats' words were fairly persuasive
"In addition to outgunning other types of computers...."
What does the word "turn-in" in "Turn-in instructions" mean?
Words and their derivatives and their meanings
Must have told vs should have told
trainings/teaching courses about (a suitable preposition)
" It is known that John Lennon was interested in oriental religions"
"The task of science,as we know , is to discover facts..."
Semicolon in "I put conditioner on my hairy knuckles; it makes them soft and shiny."
Does "49er" mean "A 49-year-old man"?
Why "THE classroom" in this paragraph? It doesn't seem to refer to a particular classroom
How do you read this, "to staff a 100 bed"?
Which word is more proper to be filled in the blank in this sentence，"it" or "he"?
Can a gerund phrase serve as an appositive?
Using nonetheless - "Her view of life seemed a little offbeat. NONETHELESS, I couldn't judge her."
meaning of 'positive' in 'trapped in a positive self-reinforcing cycle'
"He thanked me for the present {I sent / I had sent} him"
sit, set, or put him among my classmates
Which is the correct word to be filled in the blank in this sentence, "use", "using", or "to use"?
Which to use, 'washroom' or 'restroom'?
Is "I have got a pencil" appropriate here?
Grammatical structure of the sentence "There is no dinosaur skin left to study."
"We are planned for audit on Friday" vs. "We planned for audit on Friday"
Usage of "who do you like for..."
Does it sound weird when you listen to the sentence?
you can't be a good shepherd
"I wanted/have wanted/was wanting to be a doctor since I was ten"
Should I use Infinitive or Gerund?
Usage of "smooth"
A subsidiary company which works for a parent company, but it has its own independent commercial affairs
What does configure mean originally?
'should have' in a future sense
Actualizing something in accordance with something
Difference between "however" and "whereas"?
How to improve English skill for IT
"It had now been two weeks since he had left the house"
"Who/whom was this street named after?"
Construction "to his being offered" needs explanation
Past tense or present perfect in this sentence?
yet with present perfect
To The Question At Hand
Using the verb suggest as the word advise
data haul -- meaning?
What do the words "that is" mean?
Meaning of axe in "Axe me a question!"
"An all night curfew _______________ yesterday following ...."
"The earth was believed to be flat "
Is it right to use the structure "do as well as doing"?
Does "in fair health" actually mean "unhealthy"?
Figurative meaning of 'downstream'
How to describe Past situation in answer?
What does 'K' mean in '20K' when talking about prices?
Standardness Of "Try Back"
what does "belt up" mean in "He could belt up to tenor high F (F5)"
There should be a "from" between graduating and high school. How do you see it?
"Shoes mended while you wait/ while you waited or while you were waited?
"Check" or "check out" or "check on"?
He had left before you came
What does this 'of' mean?
Tricky phrasal verb "to dance out"
Why do these sentences, which have similar structures, use different tenses in their object clauses?
'is VERBed' vs 'has VERBed' vs 'has been VERBed'
Grammar of: Colin clutched what was left of his dignity to him
'more than once' and 'many times'
'Simple past tense / present perfect tense' vs. 'would have + past participle'
'has induced in' - Why 'in'?
Choosing a name for one of a website's sub-menus
comma / surprising / capitalization
Wrong use of 'confect'?
Use of 'while' with Tenses?
When can I use the expression "water off a duck's back"?
Is "… and then" acceptable? Microsoft Word says yes, my grammar instructors say no
Too much vertices
"Neither he nor his servants HAS/HAVE left"
Take/Obtain A Stake
Parliament - a she?
Can't we say "It is likely to rain "
If standards for capitalization change over time, do documents conforming to the old standard become ungrammatical?
Difference between "explicit needed action" and "explicit action needed"
Who is "acting responsibly" in this news article about Russian bombers?
The Czech company X or simply Czech company X at first mention
Explain expressions "better down", "out on their luck"
Explain expression "keep her credits clean"
Does the meaning of "at any cost" change depending on its position in the sentence?
Is it an obligatory or a obligatory
Is there no conjugation needed in this specific sentence?
present continuous vs present perfect continuous
Clarification as to the adverb discerningly
Meaning of "Two sections a pop"
using morning, noon and night in plural
Whether Aeroplane or Airplane?
"He was surpassed in all Hobbit records only by two famous characters of old." - How to interpret this sentence
Do I use the apostrophe when referring possessivizing "humans"?
excited about; excited at
alongside of vs. alongside
John threw Mama from the train a kiss
/will/ or /wəl/ in this audio?
Help me with this sentence
Searching for a word by pronunciation
Is the following sentence acceptable for you?
who takes you for English ? - And why not 'Who takes your English?
what does the writer mean by " as it would trust a bear to guard a picnic hamper"?
what do the questions begining with " In what sense has/are/do........." mean?
Journey Reach Miami
Meaning of "They can have each other"
Can I say: Technology has a word to say?
How to pronounce 'send the'
pronunciation: send
"We'll sit tight"
Use of comma with a noun clause
Redundant use of the adverb 'so'?
different meanings of 'to infinitive'
The love may begin/begins from here
Surprises are waiting to wow/woo you
what is the proper way to use the adjective "calm"
Question about meaning of "painted-on hair and dress"
Two concerns on this text regarding "sick" and "up and go"
question about highlighted parts of this passage
I haven been a long time no eaten macaroons
meaing of 'of': I inquired of them the score
See past the necessary silliness
An agency or company who will help you
Preposition phrase serves as the subject complement
Why do I use preposition at notice verb?
'Is your English getting better?' or 'Does your English get better?'
What does "tiny baby" mean here?
designate VS assign
What to call the activity of providing workshops and training
Future Employers Are/Will Told
"to note" or "to note down"?
Question about hair types
Is "I'm doing this primarily for myself, so..." proper English?
Four concerns on this short passage?
British Person or English Person?
Deterioration of cardboard on the line where it folds
When I introduce an abbreviation in a title, should I introduce the abbreviation again in the text that follows?
Rules for repeating "to"
X is axially symmetric to Y with respect to Z
Gas as a liquid and as a gaseous form
Can I use "would have had" in a hypothetical statement?
Use of past perfect tense
Single-word vs. phrasal verbs: When to use the latter, and is the former more formal?
for/as a birthday present
What's the difference between the word only and every in this context?
The need FOR (the other + verb) -OR- The need OF...?
The royal use of 'We' for a single person
what is the last thing you ordered takeout? -- how do you understand this sentence grammatically? I'm taking about "takeout"
There are a lot of goods in this shop. The goods are good. (most of the goods?)
Relationship between aspects and a particular usage of "away"
"It is worth informing you that..." OR
"A book of mine" vs "A book of my own"
Uncommon uses of 'with'
Meaning of Port and Dunnin
Does it mean that men are more likely to harass people or is it saying that men harassing men is more common than women harassing women?
a synonymous phrase for 'to increase tenfold'
Turn The Gun On Somebody
Mostly played online or Played mostly online
concerns on this passage regarding "barely" , "bright blue and fat" , throb
present perfect progressive?
Why no arcticle is needed here?
Question about meaning of "would" in this context
Easy way to explain "meet" versus "to meet" versus "meeting" versus "to meeting"
Is "as though" exactly the same as "as if" when expressing a subjunctive mood?
Is it grammatical to say: "to ask [insert name] questions?"
she has a bluff bow, lovely lines. she's a fine sea boat. -- what does "bluff bow" mean?
Is anything 'sugar-coated' negative?
Difference between "didn't" and "hadn't"
Question about the use of "that's" and the portmanteau word "tigon"
Meaning of "would" here
"I can do it too"
Is republican state's title part of the name?
'Give a damn' OR 'Don't give a damn'?
Borderline/trickier cases of verbs needing the subjunctive mood?
"I hate red color" or "I hate red": why exactly is the first option ungrammatical
I am not quite sure how to use "will had", "had" and "had been"
The indefinite article applied to a group of things
seems/seemed as if + different tense forms
meaning of "as it were"
seem/seemed + infinitive form
What's a half-man?
Difference between has to be, was to be, had to be, and should be
How to compare two percentage number
You look good vs You are looking good
Would you say that you are capable of being really hard?
Are these infinitives adjectival and adverbial?
I will be asleep and I will asleep
When I explain what I did step by step, is it ok to use an imperative?
'make for' in this context
Omitted "Because" in "Coming from Alaska, Claude was unaccustomed to Florida’s heat"?
Should I say "in the home" or "at home"?
"a so enjoyable party" or "so enjoyable a party"
A word meaning "you do what you have to do"?
Help understanding present continuous
How to write sentence with past perfect tense with do and verb?
Does 'in the promisee’s position' harm the promisee or promisor?
Can a name be used as an adjective, as in "this Smithers issue?"
Why do we use the "continuous" verb form here?
presenting him with some luggage at his retirement dinner -- what does "luggage" mean here?
a most talented writer - why not "the most talented writer"?
What is bend migration?
How can I say that I am doing something currently?
The relationship is so unresolved that it isn’t even incestuous
In depth explanation of the difference between "will" and "going to"?
pronunciations: copy
Whats the meaning of "advanced parental age"
Is there an omission in: 'or hushed calls to send the military'?
Soar To Their...Gain
Use of “for one”
Meaning of 'unreserved' for a legal judgement
societal issues vs social issues
the verb in plural with one company
verb + verb: is it always the same
Please explain 'confer an equitable right on B to compel fulfilment of the promise'?
what is meant by 'look and see' in this sentence?
'consist' vs 'subsist'
To disscuss via/by/in voice
Confused in a very complex sentence
Use of the word "venture" in this context
Is the following sentence still grammatical even though I omitted the verb?
rise in prices such <as> occurred [relative pronoun?]
"Have been doing" and "have done"
Why we use a singular name "part" instead of "parts" in sentences like what I've mentioned?
It's a small world and no error! (an exclamation of surprise) - what does "no error" mean?
Explanation or a clear definition or some synonym for reversing the effect of something
Formal way of asking "When are you in Berlin?"
How to say 'to reach epidemic proportions', but with a positive connotation?
when a sentence starts with words 'As stated by the law'
to stay the recent convictions
Which part of speech is this "earliest" in this sentence, an adjective or an adverb?
Whats the meaning of go a long way
Should I use "figure" or "figure out" in the following sentence?
"To Africa" vs "in Africa"
avoid ambiguity of Too keen to
Paying ransom a nonstarter in review of freeing captives?
Did I ever! -- what does this emphatic statement exactly mean when you say it?
What does "nailed down" mean in this context?
"learn to do <something>" vs. "learn doing <something>"?
"I will make you {write / written} this letter."
Grammaticality - 'order their affairs safe'
Ever since I was a child 'I have been confronted' vs. 'I am confronted' - which is better: Present Perfect or Present Simple?
Does this have two meanings: 'how do you like your coffee'?
In respect to the delay caused today
Do you think the following sentence illustrates future?
When to use "-ing"?
"What I'd held in my hand was..." or "What I held in my hand had been?"
'as agent' and relative pronoun 'that' - Lord Reid, 1961 UK
"As (a) programmer, I'm responsible for.." - When to use the indefinite article?
Phrase describing a person's visit to receive food from a food distribution service
To look "forced"
How can I say that some action has an "investment nature"?
Meaning: "Angular is what HTML **would have been had it been** designed for applications"
Grasp the stakes meaning
Are "would" and "used to" the same when describing repetitive actions?
Can I tell someone I am 'Glad you have it resolved'?
Is “just finished to” right?
What do you call this WIFI sign
Usages of "Dig Out"
"X leaves many questions open, such as" + NP?
Isn't there 'the' in this audio?
My hand is numb
Which School were you in? - and similar wordings of that question
Position of the verb 'be' near 'whatever'
It is worth trying vs it deserves a try
"logical subject" of verbals
'plead' vs 'plead for'
Emphatic constructions in American English
Please, help me understand what they say in video
Is there an implication not said in: What would you like?
How to say it right: "Do you know where Liz lives?"
How do 'days' and other non-living things 'observe'?
"the more you help people out , the more you will be happy "
How to ask someone about his/her kinship
How come US Date format is month/day/year?
Have been or Had been
What does it mean when a dictionary says something is "not a viable sentence"
Possessive have vs had
How to make question sentence form?
What's the name of an eccentric flywheel
Meaning of “it don't matter”?
Sentence structure, and is there a plural for "pathetic fallacy"?
Shot His Way Into
Other way to say "You have the possibily of not doing anything"
There's no room on the bus; let's get off again
'possess of' vs 'possess with' vs 'possess + another preposition'?
Should I say "very praising" and "very serious"?
The simple present for future?
Double genitive
Can't understand words from video
install some software "natively" on a computer?
using "going by bus" in Present Participle and Gerund form
Word for paying in auctions?
Is "They always hurt her" present or past?
How to distinguish direct object and object complement?
Each of them considered, "I miss her more than he.": is this use of "considered" grammatical?
using other than
what does "______, thy name is ______" mean?
"I won't do it like you do", what does this mean?
Does this negative permeate into the following words or not:"doing absolutely nothing to help alleviate the dreadful, crushing strain"?
Can I "adopt something as a solution to something"?
"I want to" and "I would like to" and "I would love to"
Choosing the right word : studying or working?
How to identify whether an infinitive phrase functions as a direct object or an object complement?
"go store to store" - meaning of the phrase?
Does "complement clause" exist?
Should I use "don't" or "didn't" in the following sentence?
There are pens on the table. Some pens were brought by him
Colloquial dropping of articles - is it grammatical?
How much is right to do something?
Gerund or infinitive?
this book is sold subject to the condition that... -- I don't quite understand the "is sold subject to" part
Which phrase is correct?
critique on Kafka by Howard Fast
Why does this sentence have wrong subject-verb agreement?
Does speaking generally mean all with no exception?
stand your way; stand in your way
If I travel between two places, can I say that I "experienced" the distance?
Hard to breath or difficulty breathing?
Seeds on the outside
What does 'grave injustice' mean?
What's the difference between modifiers and determiners?
The reason to use the pronoun 'they'
Can't recognize a word in video
Do you speak out /k/ and / ɪ/ simultaneously in 'outbreak in'?
Should I say "It's better for me to talk BY / ON / IN English"
What's the meaning of "I can only imagine"?
Help formulate a question to the positive sentence with "to have"
What's the difference between "horrible" and "horrific"?
to have on the payroll
Are they interchangeable: "I'm sorry that.." "It is too bad that..." and "It's a pity / shame that.."?
Can I say that a request is "forwarded towards" the server?
“I talk dog talk to the dog.”
Can I call a group of simulations "simulations with parameter A"?
How would you like your coffee?
Can 'OK' be replied as a response to some bad news/things?
What is the spatial difference between in and on
another word for "most developed"
I left them (at) home
What is a "professional" synonym for newbie?
Switching from Past Simple to Present Perfect in consecutive sentences
What is meant by 'I got the needles in my leg'?
Invest Money With
"That" usage: when should I point something using "that"?
Such + noun structure
as much as you could (instead of can)
“Whose hat is this?” vs. “Whose is this hat?”
Murderer or Murderess
When do you use the word "dreary"?
"funny you should ask"
making sure that things work, period, ... -- I don't understand what "period" means here
A question on relative clause
meaning of should you have any queries?
Differenec between time-expression with and without " ... 's time"
"can" and "can't". How and why?
How is "doze off" different from just "doze"?
Should I say "where does" or "where did"?
A word for 'independent episode'?
Local and locale
How are "plot" and "story" different from each other?
Can I say something causes "to blood pressure be low"?
thousands of people rallied, MOST peacefully... -- most people rallied peacefully or did they rally most peacefully?
Movie quotes: Not my diagnosis!
What's the difference between "finish" and "finish up" and "finish off"?
A review was added TO, IN, or ON?
Which article to use: 'a' or 'the?
Difference between cause of and cause for
In the sentence, "I don't know why, but …", is "why" a noun?
usages of the preposition "of"
Prepositional phrase + Verb + Subject, sentence structure
Access applications are widespread in the enterprise -- what is meant by "enterprise" in this sentence?
"...and say something like "touch base," "engagement targets," or "content node."" what is implied here?
What does "on the fly" mean in "generate code on the fly"
one sentence from the article on history
Parsing: He was sure he would leave behind in his community, should he die
What exactly is being "obnoxious"?
What is total cost on renting room for vacation?
Would "roommates, peacefully asleep" be better as "roommates, who were peacefully asleep"?
What is the meaning of sentence using Would have? Translate Sentence in Hindi or Marathi
Word order in the sentence with the pr.perf
What is the antonym for ticklish?
Bound/Covered By Snow
Complete He has nothing to do all day and is suffering from ____ boredom
synonym with 'aside'
Should I say "She is in the park" or "She is at the park"?
May I use 'kid boy' the way we use 'baby boy'?
BBC World - Why "Will this window really 'be' smashed" instead of "Will this window really 'get' smashed"?
"Crysis" vs. "Crisis"
Can I say "the colors are ranging from green to red"?
been + expression
"A realistic-looking novelty gun" -- meaning of novelty?
The usage of either or
need not have fallen (why is it in the past tense?)
Reach out TO x FOR help
What age are you?
Is addicted an action verb?
Can I say "relieve the load on the servers"?
What does it mean for a person to be romantic?
How is "better off" different from just "better"?
Need help eliminating em-dash from my sentence
Had gone stupid
in vs. on: using transportation
What is a term for the man who is ready to do everything to get money?
What date format does an American prefer while writing a letter to a British? OR Vice versa
'try to the court' vs 'try in the court'
Real Time and Real-Time Confusion
What is "relaxed coating of dust" in this paragraph?
Word usage: "answer me" or "answer to me"
starting a sentence with to+infinitive
lady sitting in the car vs lady is sitting in the car
Do you either put comma before conjunction so or not?
Do you use pass for talking about the courses that you have successfully finished?
‘Concern of’ vs. ‘concern about’
Why is an adverb not an adjective used?
Heart {Don't / Doesn't} Lie
Is "You saw whom?" grammatical?
capital letters in a name of a company
to talk + adjective
What is ~that~ on the floor?
Can infinitives be used as the direct object after ditransitives?
"Nearly" in the phrase "nearly everyone"
"A play full of allusions to Shakespeare"
Usages of "up" in the context of military dialogues
Prepositional confusions!
Which mouth form is the close one to pronounce the R
For what vs. what ... for
can guilty be replaced by some other word in the following sentence?
Difference between 'at first' and 'first'
which one is the most appropriate sentence?
Call me a taxi ~ Okay, I'll call you a taxi!
He couldn't (or "can't"?) believe his eyes when he saw the results
TOEFL: Cambridge tests vs Barron's tests (reading section)
inform about vs inform of
Use of "go" in passive form
Can a comparative adjective be used without having anything to compare it to?
to be incurred or is to be incurred?
What is this "ever?"
Difference between "get in touch with" and "contact"
Difference or similarity between today, these days and nowadays
Is "was there anybody there" be "was anybody there" instead?
Things that were miracles for us - or "to us"?
Object/subject question
Looking at the kids which - or that/who?
To surprise a younger generation - or the younger generation - will be more difficult each year
Unusual usage of the adverb "yet"
various usages of the adverb not
Differences between 'instrument' vs 'instrumentality', when used in the same sentence?
In "Give it here!", is "here" a pronoun, adverb, preposition, or what?
A strange or rare using of the adverb yet?
order Chinese -- meaning?
What do we call a gait in which a person drags his feet?
“found in the list” or “found on the list”
Isn't it redundant to say "X could conceivably ..."?
Can I use "that of" when comparing an adverbial phrase?
don't be that away -- what does that exactly mean?
I am being hungry
Difference between 'has done wrong' and 'has been wronged'
Someone ate my porridge
meaning of 'up' when it combines with 'end'
1. What GB hard disk do you need ? - and similar wordings
Meaning of military terms in the game
the public vs public
What's the best way to put this
dependent words are far from a subject in the sentence
How to rewrite "I think that in the film is some similarity with our real world but with hyperbole, sure."
change the word order in "confer a degree on him"
usages of although and having past participle
what does "found read" mean?
Taking the high road - what does it mean?
'Strong' presence, but ________ absence?
does just as well -- meaning?
A question about the sentence structures of the following examples
What is the spatial explanation of "in" and "on" prepositions when they are contained in sentences holding an abstract meaning?
"They're going gorilla watching" - is there a verb at the end of the sentence?
Does she do her homework?
Is the adjective phrase "hungry and tired" "attributive" in the sentence "After the long journey, the three of them went back home, hungry and tired"?
Meaning of 'solitudes'
it doesn't fold out, so no one can sleep over -- what does "sleep over" exactly mean?
"It" as placeholder
Difference between 'find out', 'discover', 'realize' and etc
Can I say "Sam offered to minute take"?
How to analyse: only if ‘but for'?
Which's the right definition of 'operate'?
Does 'not too much' sound natural?
I switched out the Orb "on" him
Meaning - 'the foresight of ... test'
The use of "NP + for someone doing sth"
Do I use "I" or "me" in a compound subject?
"Mining your life is the only way to stumble on anything real"
Non-progressive verbs with present perfect?
American vs British pronunciation of `i`
occupation of area or space
The family declined time alone
word usage "to treat" differently
totaled 969 in the 2014 fiscal year, up 34 percent from 2012 -- comprehension
Did I paraphrase this well?
How do I make sentence with charge?
'a' with non count noun?
What to say when you want to ask a model to imitate a pose from an artwork
Are “if”,“provided”, and “supposing” interchangeable in such conditional sentences?
How do I refer to a word in a vocabulary list in regards to what position it has there?
a generic way to refer to a word or an expression?
Do I need to invert the subject and verb in questions?
Sarah writes the letter
checked somewhat in their headlong progress
What is this "look"? Is it an error?
Verb, but no subject, after 'such ... as'?
Ambiguity - 'offence to which the defendant has a complete defence'
how to use be and become
I want to know a proper English word to describe a particular kind of television show
When should I use "both" and "either"?
Difference between "due to" and "on account of"
The meaning of "As if on cue"
the amount is less or lower by ___ US dollars
being VERBed vs VERBed
How to express an attitude in english?
When can I pluralize "height"?
"Gave up teaching me" or "gave up on teaching me"?
How to say that you are a teacher because of your education?
"The crowd demonstrated outside the theatre". Is the verb 'demostrate" transitive or intransitive?
Usage of "along the way"
Discerning between yet and still
Expressing that a food is naturally hot
Meaning and examples of the word Silly
"as little as possible" vs. "as least as possible"
growth-powerhouse -- meaning?
A complex sentence that I couldn't understand
mixed tense in sentence
In the network or on the network
We see things ON / IN / AT the internet?
Is "wherever", or even "where", OK in this sentence to take place of "anywhere" as a clause introducer?
Can I say 'If you dont like me, Then dont put coffee for me!'?
Why can the adjective “afraid” be used this way (before a noun clause) in this sentence?
Past Habits = Simple Past (vs. 'used to' and 'would')
News on BBC today - What is “refuses to deny”?
What is the meaning of "as having"?
Figurative meaning of "to hose something" (not watering)
Justice Tom Clark's concurrence, GIdeon v Wainwright - 1963 US
how to write about 'double payment'
what's the difference between "alliance" and "coalition"?
How to use preposition "to" , infinitive "to" and "---ing"?
What's the meaning of 'valid against' ? - 1963 US
What is this "as"?
what does hot mean here?
"Why learn English", "Why to learn English", "Why learning English"?
What do you call the two different styles of television?
What is this infinitive describing "to have +third form of verb"
When to use 'The tyre of my car blew' and 'The tyre of my car burst'
Indefinite article "a/an" with plural count nouns?
A parentless child is an orphan, but a child with bad parents is?
“Was” or “were” in sentence where no noun subject exists
A particular company "run by the same family"
"to document in categories the items included in the deposit transaction" -- I don't quite understand
meaning of “it is just on the shake of hands” and meaning of “got to”
Question about meaning of "knocking on the door" & "the guys"
I can't help coding
about the only thing you can do is -- meaning of "about"?
Whats the difference between imitate and impersonate and mimic?
Should i use present participle or infinitive verb
Once, when his wife had been alive, he had had a fine house
When to choose the word suit and fit
Right on through meaning
Verb for checking works before allowing publication
when I should use "on" or "at"?
What's the meaning of 'discharged by an assignment' - 1932 US?
what is the meaning of "have" in the phrase "have had"?
right hand to God - what does this mean?
Why do native speakers use "vent your anger" rather than "erase your anger"?
Does 'appear' have an object here? - 1932 US?
Which meaning of 'incident to' ? - 1932 US
What's the meaning of the preposition "by" in 'a party by counsel'?
How do I describe a past state that was interrupted?
What's the meaning of 'passing that'?
The usage of "to try out" and "to try"
Sentence constructors and parts
Does the infinitive phrase in my example functions as an adjective or an adverb?
Whats the order of adjectival elements before the nouns?
"Would" with the perfective and progressive aspects
Do kidnappers only kidnap kids?
Does “would” indicate intent but not possibility?
Can I ask 'what your name is?'
Is there a word for h-a sound?
Numerous motley shops - a jarring combination of adjectives?
How many times ... "in a week" or "a week"?
as + adjective + noun + as
One seldom upset
check out vs try out
make up in traffic fines for
Which does 'only' intensify in: he only knew he was now married?
Can I say “raise oneself to be king” or “raise oneself a king”?
What does it mean to be saddled with debt?
How to understand the use of "which" in this sentence?
Where is the exact position of the word that leads to subordinate clause?
propaganda coup -- meaning?
Why do native speaker tend to use passive voice?
What does "hit" mean?
Can I say "be sure you are adapted to the idea" when I'm asking for someone's agreement or support?
Adverb placing issue
Does the sentence "To get back to the main point, the budget needs to be bigger" make sense to you?
Generic headline term for "first three quarters of the year"
beat it (the title of the famous Michael Jackson song) -- does that mean "to run away"?
How to translate German “auswalzen / breitwalzen” to English?
This is where you are vs this was where you were?
When should 'is' and when should 'can' be used in a sentence?
development rate vs. developmental rate
Am I right about what these two words referring to?
skip mailing labels -- what does that mean?
Present Perfect after Past Perfect in a text
Two gerunds one in front of the other
Wording a phrase: Explaining opinion, relativity, and perspective
Whether it is grammatical - Now he wished he could have had longer alone with Katerina
"You're the only one..."
Use past tense or past perfect?
least cost or lowest cost?
off ( in "not at work " sense )
When do we pronounce Z as "zed" and not "zi:"
use of the phrasal verb 'break into' in case of 'emergency money'?
The grammar of 'Ready to take' versus 'Easy to take'
What's the word for "to wish bad for someone"?
down to Park and Tilford
Some words which mean "thinking over something deeply or for a long time "
Please check the mnemonic rhyme for adjectives
By _a_ certain time
like most program windows, ... -- I don't understand this grammatical construction
How to understand the sentence "people are living longer"?
the dinner vs. dinner (grammar question)
Can I say, "with who"?
The story may not be interesting; the story may be not interesting
question about' 'noun +past participle'
Usage of "up" vs. "down"
Should I use "be" in a conditional?
22% of (the/all) Americans: using articles and determiners after percentages
in vs. on for Earth and code
What does this sentence mean? And what does "by the day" mean here?
Grammar of the sentence
The usage of the word pretty is "pretty" confusing
the different between"the first to do "and "the first who ever did"
Try that T-shirt on or Try on that T-shirt
The verb 'held down' and its meaning in a context
What is different between "used to do <something>" and "used for doing <something>"?
Should the company slogan "Welcome to possible" be "Welcome to possibilities"?
Is it OK to put a "?" after embedded questions?
"It was an admission that all might not be right between them." What does this sentence mean?
Need clarification on this sentence
"And" or "Or" in this sentence
I made this bag from/of my old jeans
"It was an admission that all might not be right between them." - that-clause as subject.. or not?
What is a Fortune 100 company?
find something applies -- grammatical construction
I'm on a 12-hour blow -- meaning of "blow"?
"...waking up to each other’s warmth..." Is this phrase grammatical?
"Would" vs. "must"
Did you take your food / did you eat your food
"I must tell that.." vs. "I must say that"
Word for a pupil who attends university courses
What does "I don't do dogs" mean?
"a half of the troubles" or "half of the troubles"
present progressive AND present simple
Is there a present perfect error
bumper exports -- meaning?
If you get up vs If you'll get up
what is meant by 'walk the length of'?
per Microsoft, ... -- meaning of "per"?
meaning: 'this made abuse of Mr X both a duty and a pleasure'
Milk is countable or uncountable
What is the actual meaning of would here?
Broad knowledge, is what my friends are proud of me
differentiating between still and yet
Meaning of "you'd of thought"
"Y, inclusive of X" vs. "Y, including X" vs. "Y, X included"
Can a phrase including past participle in mid be used right behind the preposition 'of '?
"At" vs "by" in time-expressions
discerning between stiil and yet in sentences
"You have really nice hair" or "Your hair is really nice"?
Is the phrase "Every man, every woman, and every child" singular or plural?
To recall (a message)
How to call the "host" and "sender" of an embassy?
She wants to 'poop' -is that okay if used for humans?
testing the English teaching waters in Korea -- what does that mean?
Should I use "after" or "until" when saying when a place will be closed?
"He makes" us vs "he wants to make us"
Scenario vs Script vs Screenplay
Active voice to passive voice. Ditransitive verbs
"Dare to be dull"
How to ask "Who pays today?"
I achieved great results - or some great results?
Advisorship, advisorment or advice?
Set or put in the freezer?
Can indefinite article refer to a fact?
Make a request in a polite manner
Meaning of "saga" in a Queens of Stone Age song
Verb to express a user uploading a request for a "necessity"
came to the generation
"railroad flat" meaning in context
from chilliest era of the Cold War -- where did the article go?
How do you like this plain shirt?
Are these 'would' in this sentence used in subjunctive mood?
The fire demon won't bend down his head to be cooked on
Could you simplify "status parameters" in this passage, please
what is the opposite of the word 'flat'?
Passive construction
Difference between "has started" and "is started"
Can we use the modal verb "could" in the present and future to show possibilities?
differences between dependence and dependency
Birthday message — "from" or "by"?
Passive construction of let-imperative sentence
Make it happen?
Change in narration/speech
Complete: Last year I spent a month in France, I __ dreamt of going there since I was a child
What to do for New Year's Eve - or on New Year's Eve?
chat it out -- meaning?
I'm not gonna do something. Why would I?
an increase in output of 15%/ an increase of a certain percentage
Question about [them] or [their] being...?
"the rich don't pay enough tax" vs "the rich people don't pay enough tax"?
Could you simplify the highlighted part of this passage?
Three concerns about meaning of "stirred to the depths" and "than" and "has come of age" in this passage
...like you would a person -- missing "with", grammar question
What is the appropriate preposition for this sentence?
Is the "before" used correctly in sentence "I have never been there before"?
meaning: He isn’t enough of a scholar
What is the noun form of "disturb"?
How is "made FROM virgin [any material]" possible? Shouldn't it be "made OF virgin"?
"..a humanity that has come of age" - why there's an indefinite article before a noncount abstract noun?
How do I pronounce the letter "y" in words?
The word "would" usage in present time
What does/do her parents do?
Can "on the other hand" be used without its "On the one hand"?
“Would have + past participle” in The Scarlet Letter
I'm afraid we couldn't agree to that
Is "long time no see" right？
"Do you know what IS IT?" vs "Do you know what IT IS?"
Is it possible to use 'present continuous' to give an instruction?
to be tearing up
Cookie or Biscuit
the most or mostly
Articles in generic noun phrases
Difference between "immediately", "promptly" and etc
Must vs. have to for traffic signs
A classic question: can vs. could
Does this sentence have reduced relative clause
Can we use "former" and "latter" for plural nouns?
Can I use "are being " + past participle?
The usage of "as much as" with "times"
Can I have your feedback on this sentence? Is it wordy?
"Show Details" vs "See details"
"Limit on" or "Limit to"?
"I entered the classroom during the lesson. Students were paying attention."
The difference between /ɪ/, /i/ , and /ə/
Why using IS in the sentence "one or more -something- IS not available"?
How do I say movie is no longer played in the theatre?
find something to
Does "pop out" has the meaning of "born"?
The thing that scares me the most are the little oranges in its stomach
What does the term, "Too soon." mean?
"am + having" in one sentence
I am tiring/fatigue in driving
Expressing similarity in different aspects
Meaning of the present tense in this context?
“I’m too tired to drive”: Why does removing 'too' make this sentence ungrammatical?
Demonstratives and pronouns in reported speech
What do we call 'ketchup', 'cheesy dip' , 'oregano' and things like that collectively, as they aren't side dishes?
Confusing words in a economy news report: alone, on top of, absent
Is it possible to say 'to fall against a wall'?
What is the difference between habit, custom, practice and convention?
is it possible to use the present simple tense with the time marker 'this evening'?
Is it possible to use the present simple tense after the conjunction 'while'?
Use of each and every
Can I say 'I swam at the beach'?
3 ambiguous pronouns by Justice Antonin Scalia
What does "leave the pigs alone" mean
When speaking of potential danger, is "potential source of risk" redundant?
Report on duty or Report for duty?
to have something something else -- grammatical pattern
"Settle for" or "settle on"?
why does "square one" not take an article?
Can I say "I sent her a message about"?
Question about two idioms concerning humility
"up to" vs "over"
Go across the street Vs Cross the street
Difference between third-person forms of "go"
Declines Vs Declineth
which has followed oil prices lower
"the + of" word composition
How to mention that someone has similar qualities to us and we can make friends with them?
A resume can have a title as RESUME?
Differentiating between precursor and pioneering
Difference between "the other" and "another"
If by any chance enemy sensors do pick it up, it wouldn’t be mistaken for a preemptive nuclear strike
there will be minds that remain blank and spines that remain unkindled
'must' vs 'would have to' in indirect speech
what does appreciative mean here?
explanation of the term "the very"
Is it allowed to place a capital letter after adverb?
How to improve understanding of long sentences in prose?
Use of "space" and "room"
Where did you found it - should I use "did" in the question?
When should I use capital letters after a colon?
by trading in this table scheme for the two schemes -- in what sense is "in" used here?
their way of thinking vs the way they think
Have you phoned or Did you phone?
on which condition should i use the right word [ which,that] which leads to subordinate clause?
Clothes Washing Liquid?
eight parts intuition and experience with two parts theory -- what does that really mean?
ten times {as / more} intelligent
Expression for the date "1950"?
What is the meaning of "I am glossing over a significant amount of spherical myalgia"?
"I _________ with you, but I had to study"
Name me a thing prettier than freckles!
"____________ anyone call, please take a message."
Sprawling building
You'll keep this live
What does "right" mean in "gonna tell you right"?
The relationship of/between company x and company y
Is there a passive voice of verb smell?
round off a screw head = strip a screw head?
The meaning of "Yo, Pops"
Can we use "at the cost of" to express equality of the prices?
discerning between rise up and rise
distinguishing between when and while
whats the meaning of premier gateway
"I did a few mistakes" vs "I made a few mistakes"
till then vs until then
past perfect stronger (more explicit) than because
Is " to make some criminals to be punished " a valid construction?
might in reported speech
How to say 'must have' when this is not an opinion, but a certainty?
How to ask someone about what happened
for fear of -- why do we not use an article if front of "fear"?
"no one was killed or wounded" vs. "no one had been killed or wounded"
"Be yet to do" vs "have yet to do"
Insist+ that-clause
sheer dipping bliss -- meaning?
Is there a simple and clear way to explain the difference between past simple and present perfect?
Word for a city that usually absorbs lots of immigrants?
that means a bunch -- meaning?
How do you read these mathematical expressions aloud?
“I saw a dog” vs. “I have seen a dog”
What's the meaning of syndicated columnist?
proper tenses go with "in case"
He travels (the) fastest who travels alone
Noun Phrase example? What exactly is phrase and clause?
First and third person in second conditional exception
Has the word "phenomena" become a singular noun: even on mainstream media it is often used as if it is
Three prepositional phrases one after the other: is it harder to understand?
you can feel or you might feel?
"And that in itself for some was a statement" meaning
Should I say "brings", "takes", "follows", or "leads" "us to a contradiction"?
Why is the nominal determination indefinite in the phrase "a miniature Great Wall"?
how to say something cannot be that way
Learning "register": are there any register-conflicts in this sentence
Does "affirmative" mean "yes"
How do you read the differential mark aloud?
Causality and intention : how to use "out of"
passed both -- meaning?
Is martinet a pejorative term?
in words -- meaning?
Meaning of "And I came her majestic reflections to know"?
since then it is... -- meaning?
Him, he, his confusing references
Difference between "resident" and "inhabitant"
Can I ask "Is not he calling me"?
Neither...nor vs Both...and vs Or...not
a meeting of his Likud Party faction
episode and # -- can the two be used together?
going off to university -- meaning?
Strong From Good Nutrition
The meaning of "Three guys can't walk a straight line"
temper her Komsomol fervor -- what's the meaning of "temper" in this example?
was bound to take
dropping things - intentionally and unintentionally
Different in bombastic, grandiloquent and ostentatious?
What is the difference between "shot full of hormones" and "full of hormones"?
like/love + to infinitive for habits and choices - shades in meaning
It sound the narrator saying "icky shave" in this video
What do we call this? Tea cup circles?
How to state that something makes something unnecessary?
Why use the indefinite article in "donated a set"
The usage about "Never ever"
"for a whole week" vs "for the whole week"
Where is the object of 'has' in: The nation has among the highest inflation rates?
'Out state' or 'non-state'? What do we refer to the people who don't belong to our state?
When A was happening, B happened. OR A was happening when B happened?
The definite article with a modified noun
What's the meaning of the phrase "employs an original approach"?
Delete or Remove
The use of the word "early"
What does as mean here
Help choosing between decimated and reduced
Break out and Fair Approximation
What is a word with the same meaning as imminent, with a positive connotation?
Is it an introduction or a type of something?
Meaning of "in closer"
wired closed -- meaning?
Long and other Bureau of Prisons -- what does "Long" mean?
Meaning of "I have $1000 to start September."
Timing of "have now been accounted for"
What's the word for a territory breaking away from another territory to become its own self-governing country?
What is the function of "look" in this sentence?
Choosing the wrong sentence in the following sentences
What's the meaning of "should not have been"?
The perplexity of 'offshore' and 'outsource'
25 Oct read as "25" or "25th"?
'Somebody else' over 'Someone else'
Bizarre, eccentric, funny, odd, strange, unusual and weird
What is the noun phrase whose head is "China"?
conversations and store it/them
Passive construction of infinitive verb
why do we see far more questions about rewriting active as passive than the other way around?
Difference between "two years old and two-year-old"
Is it "they decided at the last minute" or "they decided the last minute" in Jobs' speech?
a particular case of using Past Simple instead of Present Perfect
Using 'to be going to do something' instead of future simple ('will')
How to mention what the teacher is teaching?
Have a seat, guys (have seats?)
holds in suspension
What is the structure of this sentence? Can you explain it more?
"Count on" and "Count with" usages
It's/I'm acting in your best interest/interests
Must I read books to improve my vocabulary and grammar?
Understanding, countable or not?
throw up the red flag for someone -- meaning?
my ticket out of fashion -- meaning?
it's finally getting to us -- meaning?
Mutually exclusive options depending on condition: "It will be possible or not, depending on ..."
who tend not to immunize
The present progressive to talk about the future
Pounded potatoes, Grounded or Mashed potatoes?
"Having a holiday" vs "Spending a holiday"
using the term image in different contexts
Why using "in" preposition in the case?
What's the meaning of 'call in aid'?
is it a rule to put "at" after "in"?
Position of 'not' in a negative interrogative?
Appropriate Preposition
Change voice of sentence
Is 'embark in' right? - 1892 UK?
what the word appreciate could mean here
Adjectives with and without -ly
The use of the phrase 'paradigm shift'
I hope he kept the receipt
Were admitted Vs had been admitted
Article before proper noun
What's the antecedent of 'them' - '... to let them have their proverbial consequences'?
Should it be made or would make in the following sentence?
Can you explain a sentence for me?
Using "could" or "can" when talking about something that does not exist
Why no comma before and?
Would you please simplifiy these three sentences in simple English
Should as Future Perfect Modal
Difference between 'He always worked there ' and 'He was always working there'
after which one of the verbs you use an ing verb form?
Usage of "Before"
How is this instrument that makes sound from air movement called in English?
The usage of "regardless of"
I won the (a) lottery, but it is not the (a) lottery in which you get money
You are a Genius
Phrases or words to describe the sound a scissors makes
"moreover" vs "likewise" vs "in addittion" vs "furthermore" vs "as well" vs "also", When should I use each one?
Can an adverb phrase function as subject complement? My mother is now 'back' with us
A question regarding gerund and its actor
as much memory {as / as is } absolutely necessary
When is it acceptable to say 'my son'
Should I say "a normal form of a game" or "a normal form game"?
When to use past progressive for repeated/ habitual actions?
“From one gift come many”: Why not “comes”?
Questions Using Had been in start
Meaning of "Double Stripe"
help me make sense of the following sentence
Wow! Nice! I smelled you baking cake!
'you gonna be surprised' vs 'you're gonna be suprised'
'Analytics' -is there such word?
Differences between "mercy" & "grace" & "divine bounty"
Differentiating between prefer to do and prefer doing
Choosing between two different patterns of using the verb "prefer"
"Why all the..." or "what did all the..."?
Alternatives to "raw signals"
Which of the following sentence is correct?
Something "experience" or "experiences" something
"lot of luck'" or "lots of luck"
meaning of "tab him"
You made the cut?
Can I say 'a display of size around 4"'?
What is the difference between "pleasant for" and "pleasant to"?
Does “need protecting” have exactly the same meaning as “need to be protected”？
'I am he' or 'I am him'?
"watch a movie" or "watching a movie"
Reported speech if sentence starts with let
Gather or collect in a formal writing?
smell some bad smell
Indirect Speech: Change of this
The meaning of the quote: “I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together"
How to reconcile [Justice Stevens] 'had lost faith' vs 'had not changed' ?
Meaning - 'I forget you get baptized pretty quickly in this business'
What is the meaning of '... which is thought too precious to repudiate ...'?
Can I use "further" with "in time", as in "further forward in time"?
a / an - adjective - noun
What are the rules for use of contractions?
Can I say that someone "got swayed"?
a transitive verb without a direct object
Phrase: to deepen offence
Can I say that a man is "tree-like-looking"?
Have you joined *yet*?
Use of would be and would have been
It would be great if you expanded your question
Using the word "work'
"it would be nice to make the certificate check/checked"
No creeping doubts! No feeling persecuted
The usage of articles with nouns modified by an adjective
"is" vs. "are" and when to use them
coining new verb using existing noun forms
I - plural or singular?
Confused between 'Near something' and 'Near to something'
Use of -ing after when
blasted out with something -- meaning?
"Anyone have an extra apartment there?"
situations in which we say 'sort out with'
grammaticality of the question "is it idiomatic what"
information is returned vs are returned
"it is good" and "that is good"
'Habitation' related words and the slight nuances between their usage
make that something -- meaning?
I'd rather something do something else -- grammar pattern
How do you call an action when a teacher makes final marks?
How do you call a school year divided into 2 parts?
Make Contact, Distance
When to use "willing", when to use "want to"?
loose, untaxed cigarettes -- what does "loose" mean in this context?
When you hear 'sound out', don't you picture percussion activities?
What does "as it stands" mean?
What is the meaning of the word 'pace'?
Can anyone analyze the sentence for me?
It turned out not the case vs it turned out not to be the case
pimp shots -- what does that mean?
The answer "I don't think so" to the question "How is he?"
time expression + has/have
How do I distinguish between "more" and "further"?
What does further education mean?
What exactly does this sentence mean: " ... typically 10-100 times that of a plain-vanilla email campaign"
Meaning of "force" in given sentence
How to state we do not delay?
What does "at the business end of a bullhorn" mean?
What does "written off as junk" means?
am i pronouncing the "r" in earlier correctly
what does 30% a quarter mean?
What does "on the go" mean?
explanations of some of context-bound words
Bolster as synonymous to caring?
"The program is intended to" - is this an awkward use of the term?
What does "get a grip" mean?
What is the meaning of identity in this sentence?
"For some time" vs "For some times"
usage of succeeded
Largest Asian Population Of Any City
"just starting" vs "starting"
How do you refer to a third item in a list?
What is the difference between "Over the following years" and "In the following years"?
Can "that is" be elided in defining attributive clauses?
What's the meaning of "to previous versions"?
It has been a month since (...) and a month before (...)
What article to choose referring to any on a list?
Can the phrasal verb 'fall apart' be used in present or past perfect tense?
"than I" vs. "than me"
What does she exactly say?
Attempt or try? Which word
How to express 'Thumbs Up/Down' in a word or two?
Use of "depend on" and "depending on"
Present perfect and present progressive
Can an adjective follow "more than"?
What do you say to a guest when they are departing your country and you are accompanying them e.g. to the airport?
"Said by he who..." vs "said by him who..."
What does "to bump up for reassessment" mean?
A dictionary that gives usage frequencies for each meaning of a phrase and word
Will Be Out To Your House
The sentence with the 'on sb way out' pharse
Is it appropriate to use "in" always to denote inside a vehicle?
Can I say that people "suffer the famine"?
Should I say I've "been to" a place or "been there" a place?
"be the first to see" or "who saw"?
using the preposition 'to' between 'been' and 'there'
Regarding a math function, which is better?
Can I use "dear" and "darling" to address a friend who is older, younger or the same age as me?
Should I say "education for women" or "education of women"?
it's not as bad as all that -- "all that"?
I make coffee strong enough to enter the Olympics -- what does that mean?
What is the difference between "submit" and "deposit"?
Whose belief is that the bible is
A question about the usage of the articles "the" and "a"
bust down -- meaning?
If it's about 'wall' of our house, is it 'empty' or 'plain'?
benefits for the program = benefits for the program's participants?
an estimated 2 million people are/is
The meaning of English sentences?
"You OK?" - When can I omit the verb?
Verb tenses trouble
How can you avoid repeating a relative pronoun for each relative clause?
Which conjunction should I use for a consequence, and which should I use for a condition?
I have a word order problem in the following sentence
'Big' in "May I ask a big favor of you?"
Saxon genitive question
meaning of "should this be the case"?
The role of the “it” pronoun in these examples
Nuance of benchmark, criterion and so on
"Doing" or "finishing" one's military service
Nuance between 'swarming somewhere' and 'rushing into somewhere'
When should I use "fan" and "admirer"?
Use "so as not to"?
Using the words 'wrong' and 'amiss' in American English
knock in - a phrasal verb?
"Does it mean that she won?" or "it means that she won?"
"Clap" and "applaud" for someone
What is the general name for small machines we use at home
Am I using the word "puzzle" well?
what does "not many" equal?
grave threat -- meaning?
an estimated at $1.2 trillion -- grammar?
"It will set your mind stress free if you {take/have} some sun bath."
Correct use of would/used to/simple past
Should I use -ing in the following examples?
an especial usage of the construction" much of"
If columnar is the adverb for column, what is the adverb for row?
meaning of "along" in the sense of "further"
What is the expression used to invite?
all we have to go on is this -- I don't understand how "have to go on" is used in this sentence
future continuous us present progressive
usages of obstacle, interrupt, and obstacle
Can we 'count' uncountable nouns using 'those'?
Does "the likes of" usually have a pejorative connotation?
Language capabilities and language abilities?
What does “we tend to squirm” mean in this situation?
In what ways can this song phrase be grammatically parsed? (From "Close to the Edge" by Yes)
"will become accustomed to" or "will be accustomed to"?
Inspite of the fact
What is the expression for saying grateful?
Meaning of "(assessing) points to nowhere"
A drunken man has a(the) reeling gait
How do we ask about something bad happened?
Does the term "dwelling" indicate living "inside"
Is ‘mathematics formulas’ correct?
Coming forward to dispute an assertion
What does "feed" mean in the phrase "line feed"?
What does "reserve book" means?
Differences between "confident" and "self-confident"
now for the gravy... -- meaning?
“the very image” VS. “the spitting image”
discerning between further on, further, and more when talking about time
present progressive impossible with "when"
Use of "would be" in conditional(mixed conditional)
Does the definite article provide optional clarification?
"I open the cage." vs. "I am opening the cage."
as soon as January due to... -- I don't understand this part of the sentence
can gravy be 'atop' potatoes
Are phrasal verbs almost always too informal to use in an academic writing?
rent a car, rent out a car, hire a car
The verb explain a situation which you can not look at the sun?
What happens if object of a verb refers to the passive subject?
When should we use intentionally and deliberately
"Personal arrangements" vs "intentions"
I am made to shut up or I was made to shut up
"Buoyed by" here means?
What does "Cathartic" here mean?
“save for” -- meaning?
How to express something suits a group better?
“need doing” vs. “need to do”
start + infinitive/gerund
Another way to say "would love/hate/like to have done something"
"Treats" here means
differentiating between "would like" and "like to"
'Even so, the ... incentives ... all but guarantee that accountants will fail ... needs.' - 2014 US
no reason or no reasoning
Has or have in a question
Please help with these sentences
What does "chatter" mean here?
Are there recommendations on when to use relative clause vs. infinitive?
"All you should do is study hard" vs "All you should do is to study hard"
Idiom for "[something] does not make itself"
Are two commas needed in this sentence?
Do you think that such a badge "is needed"/"would need"?
apply to four universities vs apply for college?
struck me as funny
"like doing" vs. "like to do"
Can we say [he done] this because he was threatened by the police officer?
As what do you read this letter?
word patterns and prepositional phrases
"Animals which lay eggs are called birds." and "Animals that lay eggs are called birds." What is the difference between these two sentences?
What does "disjoint" here means?
"You've got to be strong" and "You should be strong" are the same?
Can "the elderly" be used for some specific old people?
"What is [the] statistics on traffic accidents?" - do I need (an/the) article here?
How to add descriptive text to a sentence end?
What is the difference between the pronunciation of "a" and "e" in a closed syllable?
had better to get or had better get
People who I would like to be friend should be
Rewrite a future tense sentences with (needs)?
Two consecutive gerunds? -ing -ing?
Meanings of snatch, grab, grip, seize, grasp
What is the meaning of "every of the sons"?
What is the meaning of "reached out"?
Pronunciation of "THE"
What do "reckless" and "deed" here means?
What do “torment” and “rough up” here means?
"This is not always used." vs. "This is not used very often."
Passive changes: "He gave me a test."
Conditional: "are not" vs. "don't be"
Equal meaning of conditional and passive conditional?
fish on somebody (gangster slang) -- meaning?
"stodgy", "orthodox" vs. "fickle", "inconstant" -- Which set fits someone who jilted a friend when a viscerally objectionable situation arose better?
grammar - emphasis and inversion
Can "the + noun" be a general reference?
Ask your teacher [about] what she is going to put in the test - Is "about" required?
apply to/apply for/apply in
come about vs happen - the difference?
" to choke the life out of somebody/something "
Where in the letter should you write "Merry Christmas" formally?
Wishing Merry Christmas or Happy New Year on Dec 28th?
the destination address vs recipient's address
"holding on to the past" meaning
Pronunciation of doctor
Newton's first law, unless + past participle
"Some 40" vs "40 some" vs "40 odd"?
What does "sensitive for" mean in this sentence?
Word/Phrase request: Describing the action of "writing down something you remembered"
Except + gerund or infitive
What is the name of this thing in English?
Can the causative verb "help" be used in a passive sentence?
What is the difference between "What happened?" and "What has happened?"?
defeated could arises ambiguity in a sentence
try+gerund/infinitive (Difference in meaning)
"relax" or "relaxing"? -- I hope you are having some rest and relaxing at the end of the year
"Something is off"
What does 'mindwarp' mean here?
What is "a quiet ping"?
That’s the ridge through there
The word underlying
Is the sentence "I've decided to check my Facebook account one time at the day" correct?
Rephrasing a sentence
What is the right expression to say: "doing an activity"?
another two sentences or other two sentences
How to address more than one person?
Should I use a hyphen in this sentence?
Meaning of "over to the side" in a skateboarding manual
How to comment on somebody's clothes?
Is this sentence correct or not?
A single "of" for a noun and two gerunds?
What is the different between change and to change?
Are "maximum", "up to" and "at most" synonyms?
difference between "came along" and "along came"
Seeing things from the future
be located in New York vs locate in New York?
How do you describe the sound of an old computer?
"Will I have to come there?" vs "Do I have to come there?"
When and How to use the term "hindsight"?
"..I wish you_____________that record player."
Past modal in English
Question about "In" or "about"
How to comment on somebody's clothes?
only if VS even if
What's a better term to describe these "stripes" in blouse (Screen shot attached)
provided that VS. providing
using "should" in an if adverbial clause
Is the expression '1/4 of something' or '3/4 of something' idiomatic/natural sounding?
"should" could be inverted in affirmative or some type of condition sentences
present or present perfect
like somebody doing something
Sentences starting with “in what must be a first”?
Indefinite pronoun
Using "who your brand is" versus "who is your brand" in questions
Expression- hope you'll recover from financial problem
A word for the machine that tells a news reader what to say (using scrolling subtitles)
'Such [something/someone]' OR 'Such a [something/someone]' -Any diference?
Difference Using had been and Being
What does "wipe" mean here?
future simple or progressive or present
Is this a correct expression of amounts and percentages?
So/Neither + auxiliary verb
Translation of country and city names in legal documents
Both X and Y as well as Z
How do you translate this sentence?
R-Ariz. -- what does this shorthand stand for?
How do we address an unmarried old woman?
the Russians have had their favorite, most-hated pindoses -- I got a problem understanding what this exactly means
To order "the works" in a restaurant
Preposition after "intuition"
the possessive s to make up an ownership of something?
"met in the middle"—what does "meet" refer to in this title?
out of vs from - one out of many, one from many
Force Into Something
Does an adverb 'too' have a negative note?
to get VS. getting
was VS. were after even though, even if, unless, wish et cetera
usages of "would rather" and "would prefer"
"he is out of touch and incapable of rescuing Russia from crisis" -- why not "from a crisis"? -- which is grammatically more correct?
using interchangeably these terms" to be / get used to
What is the difference between “anybody”, “nobody”, “everyone”, and “everybody”? How are they used?
What do you call this thing? "bag"?
"Something that interests me" and "Something interesting me"
What does "ebb away" here mean?
pay for the library card vs pay (without for) the library card
Usages of "in case" and "should" inversion
definition of "the object of the exercise"
When to use Good luck vs. Congratulations?
When should we use to by?
'Of' in "The tomb had been robbed of its treasures."
An adjective to describe a pregnant woman's swollen belly?
We are proud to announce
is expression "spend money stupidly" common in everyday conversation?
Is the idiom "in the offing" used?
What does "Never do yesterday what should be done tomorrow" mean?
"More/much/few of" vs "more/much/few"
what dose the sentence means in given text?
Best way to reply to an email message for appointment
The use of the definite article in "The two men appeared out of nowhere"
Do I need to use apostrophe after this noun in the sentence?
What does "copywrite" mean?
The right word for search with looking over something in cursory way
Is "result in" a separable phrasal verb?
"If only + would have/could have" conditionals
meaning of 'come by' in the following sentences
what does this sentence mean in given text?
Should I use -ing in the following case?
"I've found my way"
What are these things called?
Meaning of "necessity" in this phrase?
Punctuation used in the celebration of a festival. (full stop vs exclamation mark)
former student ID vs old student ID
A sentence made with "please"
"Come to justice"
Usage of "might have ..."
Can "pleasing" be used to modify people?
Verbs before "pedagogical value"?
With or without 'the' in "in (the) present participle form"?
The usage of the word simmer
What does "salt to what you’re spouting off." mean?
What is the difference between "get surprised" and "be surprised"?
Is the following sentence correct -- "This brings to an end of the topic of inheritance in C++"?
what does the word "projected" mean in this context?
When a preposition comes consecutively!
what does "who can resist hoping for artificial plants that behave like real thing?" mean and imply?
What does “short change” mean?
What does “boat” mean?
Meaning of "A matter of worse or of better"
"install it in place" - install what in place?
distinguishing between an adjective and adverb
Two sentences - the same meaning?
meaning of "it goes around my heart"
Could Mycoon as a company name be insulting?
"your voice starts very suddenly"?
What should a language learner know about political correctness?
"line of work they are in "
treats of the place where oliver twist was born
Which tense should I use in this sentence?
Can we use "Been" without have/has/had?
What's a soft-edged look?
The problem with "would"
Present simple vs continuous
Buttoned To The Top
What's 'ironic' about dismissing charges of a samaritan that was wrongly injured by a police officer?
Usage of articles before the noun 'hospital'
much longer VS. any longer
The structure "what he says is ..."
Alternative future tense
Help me understand the meaning/usage of 'anarthrous'
Why is this comma needed in the Declaration of Independence?
"patients studied" or "studied patients"
so an adjective/ adverb that
what does "Christmas-like" mean?
Can I express the same meaning with confined vocabulary?
'Haha' over 'lol' -Do natives consider 'hahaha' as an offensive gesture?
along with / together with / put together
Change of speech "future tense"
What does "tiger" mean when applied to a person (profession)?
BBC News Sentence: Isn't it an indirect speech? If yes, where is 'that'?
'managed to' vs. 'could'
The interpretation of the general reference
shore, shoreline, beach, coast, coastline
differentiating between correlation and a temporal relationship
does such a noun "appropriates" ever exist?
'You shall ..... in promises?
Why does "will" go before a noun in this sentence?
Does a gerund require a preposition after it?
Is it correct to say "voluntary work"?
'Will he/I .....? for what?
How formal is "and all that"?
Does 'virtuous' possess a physical connotation?
What's the meaning of 'sitting with the low back maximally arched'?
Backshifting with structure "make sure"
Comma to resolve ambiguity with relative clause
Can "have" in perfect tenses be used to make questions?
the meaning of "lumped" in "lumped drag coefficient"
GRE - Help allay my confusion between two options
How can I write a same meaning sentence without using Perfect Progressive?
What is a Post Stamp
When does a verb not need an object?
Just + simple past: "I just watched" vs. "I've just watched"
the first time vs. for the first time
Am I understanding the use of these words?
Can I write "as soon as we know all the ones (who are) willing to go"?
______ staying at the hotel last year, we decided to go again
These clothes were expected ____ by people under twenty only
Responding to "It was nice to talk to you"
What's the meaning of "latching his case"?
Payment of vs payment for
I feel so sad that we can't talk tonight
Three concerns on this passage. Could you just simplify the highlighted parts?
live VS. living
is there any wrong in this sentence?
Never believe anything you hear at a woman's tit
difficulty + ...ing or difficulty in +...ing
Sarcastic Idioms for being slow to notice something
What is the most typical instruction for this type of questions?
Is to use 'of' meaning 'from' old-fashioned?
Word for women who happily does not care about feminism for romantic
What does this sentence mean? "not any more than" phrase
I'm surprised they "didn't" vs "hadn't"
How to quote a quote
I don't think so either
"Misuse that has been going on that long" - or "a misuse"?
just in case VS. should
I break (verb) the glass; the glass is break-able, but then I sell (not sale-noun) the house; how is it 'sale-able'?
"other tools" vs "others tools"
fewer iterations vs a fewer iterations
This pyramid must be centuries and thousands, even, of years old
Where produce is sold all year round in retail stands, booths and tables not necessarily by farmers
What is the difference between 'comprise' and 'comprise of'?
Is the following sentence correct - "usage of apprehending"?
using the verb appreciate
Should I write "it's just that he broke" or "it's just that he would break" in the following case?
Can I use 'yesteryears' and 'yesterdays' if I want to refer to 'dayS' and 'yearS' in that period?
What is the meaning of work in this sentence?
Which is the right variant for "bind" or "tie-in" in computing/IT?
weaker vs is weaker
what does functional and department mean?
what does "working life organization" mean?
"Could" in the context of giving an offer
What does "dogged" here mean?
Question about meaning of "coherent whole" in this passage
What does “relayed” mean here?
Question about meaning of "implication" in this context
Will you find someone saying "at your convenience" annoying and impolite?
Is it possible to use 'shall' for intentions? is PEU wrong here?
Meaning of it and this
"half" or "half of"?
A beautiful battle is one you don't have to fight
I have taken a shine to you
Why does the missing word in this passage(only one word for each blank) have to be "would", and what's the logic of the sentence?
The Supply Lapsed
clerical work VS. office work
They're widening the road here
17 billions of bottles VS 17 billion of bottles
How "long gone" can be used in a sentence
a length of vs the length of
What is a "fine" lady
What is the grammar of "for A to be considered B, …"?
'Countdown Clock' or 'Countdown Timer'?
How to identify whether sentence is passive voice or in simple tense?
"exponentially stable global" vs. "global exponentially stable". Which is more appropriate?
What is the meaning of "date for a date"?
Conditionals in reported speech
When should I use "difference" or "differences"?
Short Video Transcription
A comparison between two similar verbs "swarm" and "rush into"
Removing "a big" before using the word "fan"
Devilish and devious and etc
Slight nuance between 'fat', 'obese' and 'overweight'
Another way to say the same thing as "They have opposing viewpoints."
I have a solid / strong foundation / background in this field
The meaning of the sentence: "I am positive"
A comparison between the words port and harbor
How you can say “Happy New Year” formally?
Be my private tutor vs act as my private tutor
Meaning of "less set on <something>"
Difference between As for, As to, About, Related to
Grammatical function of "at best" idiom
what do you call starting the smoking activity
3 sentences with "only"
The differences between "to make a stink" and "to make a fuss"
How about someone do something?
Linking two independent clauses
Allegory? - "Someone once told me they have one too many consonants on their welcome sign."
Types of books or Types of book?
How is salmon spawn and death 'Shakespearean cruelty'?
Use/nonuse of articles in 'a state of residual charge of battery of a microphone at a...'
a two hour leave VS. two hours leave
Which case of pronouns should be used with prepositions?
The mother helping her baby walks by holding her baby hands
Difference between "How are you doing and How are you"
Should I use 'not to have' or 'not having'
I want to get rid of 'article' confusion once and for all!
How to respond to a security guard's "Thank You, Sir" after a routine pat-down?
How is "appeal" interpreted in this sentence?
Easier and much easier trouble
Number description for Writing paper, Task 1, IELTS
"Thanks, but no thanks" OR "No, thanks". Isn't 'thanks' in the former redundant?
future "will" in "when" clauses
Error in sentence
Differences between 'territory', 'domain', 'realm', etc
Is it correct to say, "There is no enough room in the lift (or the elevator)"?
"same as" or "the same as"?
Can "the + noun (pl)" imply any of a group in some cases?
Is 'mating' only used with males? What if I use it with females? Is it incorrect?
includes...and/or?
The usage of "only go so far"
Mixing tenses in reported speech sentences
How to use 'could' in following sentences?
What does "It wasn't all romantic" mean?
In the given graph VS In the graph given
"To put in labour" meaning
Difference between Involve in, participate in, take part in, and doing something
Which is correct: "no issues", "not an issue", "some issues", or "some issue"?
threat to do something or threat that you do something
Smile vs smile on one's face
Articles before almost-abstract kind of nouns
"Tim seems can't understand it"
What is the meaning of "Won't I/we" in questions?
How to say "I understand where you're coming from" without implying agreement
The opposite word of "to meet up with someone."
Present simple for expressing the future
What do I call the ′ in mathematical formulae?
Using 'of' vs no 'of'
Using 'while' for more than 2 clauses
"it is not to be" vs "it should not be"
"the" is necessary or not when refering to a paper with reference number
I help my kid to cut his fingernails
The button can't be press.
What are the permissible things in the Yoda dialect?
OSCARS nominated movies -Based on the true story OR Based on a true story?
How can one live happily vs How one can live happily?
To me/For me Which one?
Be at / in the / in hospital
"past continuous tense" vs "would + infinitive"
What do "first-party" and "third-party" mean in a description of DMA?
Is "I know >how many< evils the world is riddled with" exclamative?
Is sentence "It don't seem right" correct?
Is 'Hi <last name>' a correct salutation?
How can we refer to women we don't know
How can I avoid complex sentences?
Is "before" used correctly in this sentence?
It escaped (from) my eye
What is the meaning of "not another"?
Difference between "As For" and "As To"
"points closer to" or "points which are closer to"
Why is 'neither' (without 'nor') singular?
How to refer to a young woman without insulting her
After Graduation vs since Graduation
Are old and former always interchangeable
"In the 1960s" or "of the 1960s"
{had been / was} used for centuries before
What word can be matched with 'general calculation'?
Can "percentage-wise" be used as adjective?
please let me know my Mistake
'Something' for a 'living being'?
Looking for a verb describing a person who's put his hand on his ear so as not to hear others' voice
How should I call each item when two of them have to be compared to each other?
How do I instruct my daughter to drink water from a bottle from 'up'!
Don't drink from this bottle
Confusion about the use of colon
"How ...?" vs. "What ... like?"
Confusion of singularity and plurality
until VS. before
issuing or issuance
Can I omit "that" in the following case?
just in case VS. should you
Conditional sentence type 1
Writing two sentences in a short way
"in the light of" vs "in light of"
Is there anything missing in this sentence?
Difference between the elderly and the old
Do I use "came from" or "comes from" to indicate the origin of something?
Question with "if" vs. "do,did"
plural or singular verb after "which"?
Meaning of "for" in these examples
Is it a phrasal verb with "in"?
What is the meaning of "...you don't know you have in ways you can't understand"?
'Item' vs 'Product' - Meaning different?
Verbs that can be changed into passive contruction?
'conjoin' vs 'join'
Meaning - 'so little would I endure that' (1990 US translation)
differentiating between to ...to VS. to ... ing
'The dog ran out / of the office' or 'The dog ran / out of the office.' what is your choice?
Analogies: a special kind of relationship between vocabulary words
I’m a / one hundred percent sure
using the verb "blame"
meaning of "mapped users" in learning context
"This book and this pen" or "This book and pen"?
Which is correct? "Sa'ei Park" or "Park Sa'ei"?
What sort of use is this: ".. it is now clear that a number died"
meaning of the term "its being received"
I need help with "be involved" in and "involve in"
would you show me usages of the verb should in conditional type 2 and third –
want to learn new vocabularies which mean "the famous product of a region"
How to introduce to your new teacher when you have a middle name or more than one different name
Rule of thumb for using "the"?
What is the difference between ape and monkey?
What sort of verb is "had been used to do"?
Who's the subject of this predicate in this letter? (1575 Late April, UK)
Where does ';for which...' fit (note the ;)? (1575 Late April, UK)
How to parse or rearrange 'upon this our advertisements given him'? (1575 Late April, UK)
What does 'over-strait' mean? (1575 Late April, UK)
Math Expressions
Which is more accurate to use as a modal verb: 'can' or 'could'?
What does 'granular' mean, in reference to an approach to a subject?
How can I reformulate "A for B based on C" to make it not ambiguous?
Meaning of 'it is' in '...than it is that ...'
does "artsy" have negative connotations?
"waterway ... flowed sombre" - Should Joseph Conrad have used an adverb, not an adjective?
How to interpret 'pure hokum' correctly?
Why 'strategem', in the last sentence of Speak Memory by Vladimir Nabokov?
Why is it "roof of mouth" and not "ceiling of mouth"?
What did they say in this ad?
present perfect vs past perfect vs simple past
After the verb "be", is there "the fact that" or just "that"?
Do we learn the most from people whose views we share?
Is it right to say "a multi-vegetable salad"?
hundreds of persons VS. hundreds persons
"Without his telling me" vs. "Without him telling me"?
Most polite, not too formal way to remind one's elder of something?
Why is "Their insistence was that ..." incorrect, when "His fear is that ..." is correct?
Difference between "turns out that" and "turns out to be"
Could someone please tell the difference between "turns out that" & "turns out to be"
Is the word "thing" necessary in the following sentence?
Are there any intonation rules in declarative sentences?
How can I answer someone that was harsh with me?
when to use "had better"
Which one is more idiomatic and why?
The difference between "I am" and "My name is" in a face-to-face meeting
About the meaning of a due date
Favourite VS Like The Most
Fight Continued Into Parking Lot
What is Latin Grammar?
can vs may to form a request?
Differences between "How are you?", "How are you doing?" and "How do you do?"
Can I use “what” instead of "which" in this sentence?
"It's not a problem at all TO do that" vs. "It's not a problem at all do that" (without TO before do)
"insist on" vs "insist"
Nominal vs Noun vs Substantive
What is this type of road called in English?
Is "The method is to view ... and then exploit ..." correct?
how to say the sentence "I am walking on the steps of bus"?
Identifying Subordinate Clauses
What's the difference between drug and medication?
'Realm' or 'domain'?
Regarding the meaning of "convenient"
Inversions with "so" and "such"
Would "The reader is referred to ..." sound commanding to a native ear?
contained and contained in, and some other translation issues
Agreement with sentences which have negative meaning
Would & could in the present tense
"I did try" or "I have tried"?
Pronunciation of "headachy all week"
Should in conditional sentences
Hold For Observation
What does 'aye' mean in this context?
To which part of the sentence the "which"s refer?
difference between "start with", "start" , "begin with" and "begin"
The Pain Went Down
Should there be a comma before ‘too’ in: "Me too"?
Is the word to arbitrate too formal for daily life
Do I need a comma in this sentence before the word repeatedly?
to come out {on to | to | on | into | in} the streets
In particular vs Typically
Difference between "noise cancellation" and "noise reduction"
Is 'addressed' a right word in the context courier/delivery?
Should I use "as" or "since" in the following case?
What is the reference of "from" in this sentence?
Difference between "outlier" and "offset"
How the AmE speakers call a building's apartment
Is "The readers are not limited to musicians" correct?
applying the pattern " so... that "
who is this VS. who this is
"He threw around a slipper" -- Meaning of "threw around"?
give input on VS. give input into
Should it be *foam* or *a foam*?
Young-friendly things
Meaning of "Harry was never much of a guy for meetings"
Please help me with the verbs 'dodging', 'evading' and 'ducking'?
"How come" vs. "How come that"
What is the meaning of "since" in this sentence?
Omitting a verb at the end of a sentence to avoid repetition
Look the other way vs. look straight through somebody
which preposition does fit in this sentence?
What is a "birch rope bed"?
usages of "in case" together with "should"
Treated as so much more cargo
Understanding 'few illusions are harder to shed'
How to interpret this complex passive sentence? and reference of nouns in expressions
How to use a number with several adjectives for its noun?
We are seven minutes in. No score yet
adjective applied to several noun
tasks that one wants somebody to perform
revive vs remind
Perfect vs past simple when relating to personal experience
Present Perfect vs. Present Perfect Continuous
You said you are/were going to start a new job
It never worked vs. nothing worked
How to ask about adjustment to something new
What is the right term to indicate the opposite of the math operation distribution?
Pronunciation of "finite" and "infinite"
Simplified text of Mark Twain: Should there be such a comma in this sentence?
Are these compound, complex, or simple?
'All X' vs 'All the X'
Serial comma in list of 2 items
The usage of the word merely
How's this phrase about a housing bubble in the Economist 'an elegant turn of phrase' ? (2015 Jan)
Meaning of sentences using "didn’t", "wasn't" and "wouldn't"
What's the difference: We had hoped 'to live/to be living' in our new house by now...
Using "is" or "does"?
How to use of the word "seem" in negative form
unless VS. till/until
From which level should I start learning English Language?
Should a subordinate clause be separated if it interrupts main clause?
Meaning of "ain't" in: "...we ain't know what it meant"
"No more Hiroshima" or "No more Hiroshimas"
What is the difference?
Two whos in one sentence
"Until now" ambiguity
What does "be true of" mean?
Passive skills in the CV
'Free worldwide shipping' vs 'Free shipping worldwide' vs 'Free shipping to worldwide'
Why does Register become Registration (no e)?
'of a tyrannous disposition' .. what does it modify?
Looking for the correct preposition: "The horse was walking ___ behind its master"
would rather eat or ate?
What does "on numerous house-calls" mean?
"call off" vs "cancel"
What does "to be painted shut" mean?
"Even if I could have got over that, the eternal feud fretted and tormented my nature"
would rather can be used as a cover term instead of the other phrases or verbs for stating preferences
further VS. more
Gender free accusative/possessive nouns
blame VS. reflection
what is the opposite of the stretch?
The complex will include facilities for the __ of liquefied natural gas
is 'worthful' a word?
The final exams "have started", "have been started" or "are started"?
How to use 'mainly'
Sequence of tenses; repeating verbs
When “cocker spaniel eyes” is used to refer to a person，what does that mean？
Is that real vs Really
"Different between for A and for B"
"demand" vs "insist"
'at whim' vs 'on a whim'
Even if the interview went terribly yesterday, Cheryl got the job
.. topics that I should ( be looking / look ) into more deeply
Choosing the wrong sentence
require that X be used VS. require X to be used
to be due something - in the meaning of expecting, owing
Difference between at and to
Doubled, Tripled negative counterparts
Synonyms for 'from what time'
How do you say when you have to work more than usual
What did Gary Delaney say here?
What does "ain't" mean in "if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it"?
Best way to request/ask for fast resolution of an email
What is the meaning of "falling off the end"?
Annotations or explanations for difficult reputable English writing?
serious vs. high-end
Is the word "suit" offensive (meaning "corporate-looking person")?
Usage of "General direction"
How do 'bings and dings' and “Call me Ishmael” relate?
things have been pretty smooth until sometime
Understanding "simple past" and "present perfect" tenses and their use in "hypothetical situations"
What precisely is an 'art audience'?
Meaning - 'It's Cliff's Notes without Cliff's Notes.'
What's lewd about 'associated primes'?
The license is due annual maintenance..? Expecting, owing, deserving?
Does this sentence make sense? - ''waste of time integral ... well spent' and 'high design'
How to do reference to the floor in a building that's right below us?
Did you know...? Where does the question mark go?
"On the shoreline," "at the shoreline," "by the shoreline." What's the difference?
How to dissect/parse 'no sooner X than Y'?
Grammaticality - 'why should we make us merry'? (1892 UK)
Is there always a "the" before a superlative adjective?
What does "lift the under" mean?
I wish and I'd rather
An adjective for a person who won't readily accept things?
Understanding of two sentences with "expect"
What tense to use writing about laws?
account for VS. credited with
to evolve in a negative way
Can I say "got up" or "waked up"?
Apostrophe trouble
Use of articles with the parties of a contract
Which is correct? - "Guess, what it is?" or "Guess, what is it?"
Exist vs exists in mathematics
FIFO construction workers?
Difference between 'for' and 'about'
Is there a short form of "greater than or equal to" (≥)
Ability to be enabled
Could "expect" mean to "to look forward to"?
What does "to retreat into something yourself" mean?
"I was almost shot for a moose" vs. "I was almost shot as a moose"
Can I say: "What movie/novel is this?"
very vs. much in sentences
The "such" in "such type of plants" and "such a person"?
"Be from ..." vs. "Come from ..."
omitting "s" in subjunctive mood
Alternate idiom or phrase meaning "drought followed by a storm"?
How should I write "push onto/on (the) stack"?
Is 'That is why' formal?
How does 'ask something of somebody' mean 'to expect or demand something'?
how to use "call on" phrasal verb
Can we use "to jettison" as a synonym for "to throw"
reflect upon somebody as something VS. reflect on somebody
"A, B or C" or "A, B, or C" or "A or B or C"
Is this acceptable: 'but ironically I was thinner this time'?
"We're on our way" in a particular context
Do you say certificate about or certificate of?
what is the meaning of "I work long hours"
Choosing between 'prices' and 'rates'
"The hardest thing is to+verb and to+verb" grammar structure
Call it a day meaning
Is "there is no absolute best answer to" idiomatic? Is there any better alternative for it?
superlative without "the"
Can the word 'excruciating' be used with positive meaning
Meaning of the word 'content' in particular context
What is someone who answers a question called?
"They move everywhere sell their goods" or "selling their goods"?
Meaning of "do a little voodoo"
What is the meaning of "You speak no English"?
What is the meaning of "You no understand"?
Why have "my" and "your" been used in place of "me" and "you" in "...There is no connection between **my** having no pencil and **your** having..."
"percentage of population" or "percentages of population" when referring to several countries?
A word or an idiom for when you try to squeeze out some soap and you get shot with it instead
"turn off to right" vs "turn to right"
How to use Are you and have you?
Past simple or past perfect in this case
What is the meaning of D-BFDE?
Difference between "with" and "of"
"allow for a little leeway" or " allow a little leeway" which one is correct?
Best way/phrase to say that its too early
Is *suppose* a noun here?
"do you not" vs "do not you"
How do Americans address this location? (The red part on the attached image)
the meaning of I'd you to do something
My words are all carried away
How should I choose between "while verb+ing", "when verb+ing", and "verb+ing"?
a capital of a country vs the capital of some country
Present continuous or "going to"
In the lab X vs. in the lab called X vs. in the X lab
meanings of "A of B who" (without comma) and "A of B, who" (with comma)
The indefinite article with a repeated noun
X with a purpose vs. X for a purpose
I find X to be Y vs. I find that X is Y
it's all muscle and no fluff -- what does that really mean?
I did X, Y, which Z vs. I did X, Y, that Z
A comma before "using"?
Driving Word-Choice
Is it grammatically wrong to use ”their“ in this case to refer to hair？
"Inspiration" mean "a sudden feeling of enthusiasm"?
'Inform about' vs 'Inform of' vs 'Inform on'
How come is that possible? vs. How come that is possible?
Changing the word order changes the meaning?
Passive "led" followed by ("into" and gerund) or ("to" and infinitive)?
Can "should" mean "if"?
Why is the verb form "am been" always grammatically incorrect?
Single word for correcting controls out of bounds
What do "have", "get" and "got" mean?
Is “My name is …” still used in introduction today?
Which prepositions to be used? up to, as far as, until or maybe something else?
This was a conference which it was her duty to attend
Is the phrase "Could I then..." correctly used in the following sentence?
"She is at the dentist's now"
How do I convert these headings into questions?
What is the meaning of "Tops in pops"?
Help to do something or help do something?
pitter-pat -- meaning?
Ends of verbs after words "which", "that" & "who"
Who or whom? "Figure 1 depicts a surveillance system, detecting pedestrians whom are crossing dangerous regions."
Allege Fraud Against
advanced = who have advanced? risen = having risen?
Lie back vs. lean back vs. recline
What does the word "contain" mean in this context?
A question regarding "it"
Grammaticality - 'As you would a lion in a cage'
The restaurant is in an **inconvenient** location
How to simplify double negative: 'never met a good idea he wouldn't reject or a bad idea he wouldn't embrace'?
Poor 'him' or 'he'? Reason?
If I want to write PERIOD, is it after dot? Is dot even required?
What does the phrase "You're six ways to dead" mean?
what does "have someone identified by" mean in this context?
"I would have liked to come" and "I would like to have come" - difference?
Should I use 'the' in 'Leaving this page will discard {the} unsaved changes'?
Does a repetition of an article change the meaning and grammatical number?
Understanding of the phrase "an **inspirational** speech"
a continuous 20000 km-long chain of encounters (or "people")
Is "more better" ungrammatical?
When do I need to add 's to the first noun (and when don't I need to)?
Gerund as noun or verb?
to top up a mobile phone
"Frustrates the life out of me":what does it mean?
What is the difference between /tr/ & /tʃ/?
Is it okay to say this: "Do you like to have...?"
Usages of "as" and "although" with approximately the same meaning
Why are both “when” and “once” used in “... when it was once broken”?
Some more polite ways to tell a stalker, or someone you don't like, to go away
How can we refer to someone's eyes?
Comma after 'I think', 'I hope'
Something about gerunds
The meaning of "the bitter one"
The problem with the implicit subject
Tenses in conditional sentences
What does the phrase "the terms of a debate" mean?
Wish clause with different tenses
"determine A to be?" "determine A as"
a number of / the number of
remind someone reply a appointment time
Put on make-up or apply make-up
Putting on weight, gaining weight, getting fat
How do I say something past/back in future?
Passive construction(for infinitive verb)
What do you call works in a flat after it has been built?
The term for putting wallpapers on the walls
check is the contact email address correct
"I'm teaching at university VS I teach at university"
Can I have two-word sentences?
"A law decreased what schools had been permitted" vs. "are permitted"
Understanding of Simple Present tense
What is the meaning of "founding" in this sentence?
Meaning and difference of *is finished* and *have been finished*?
Can "neither" be used with "nor"?
What is a pin that has a school symbol on it called as?
"far-fetched", NO ! "far afield', yes, but
If there is "incoming", can there be "incame"?
The role of "IS" in "What would my family and friends say is the driving force of my life?"
Is the sentence "Ice Cream Sandwich guinea pig" wrong due to the lack of apostrophe?
Choice of the word indicating a job title
No distance left to run
What is the meaning of this Abraham Hicks quote
Dedication of my thesis to my late father
Reactions and expressions, not a native speaker here
Forming adjectives via suffixes, exhaustive approach
Grammar check and words
Why how 'old' are you, not how 'young' are you?
Which one is correct: "PhD studies" or "PhD study"?
In Letter 102, what does Tolkien mean by 'Babel-builders' ?
Meaning - '"guilty pleasures" have been so thoroughly recuperated...'
"past simple tense + before + past perfect tense" pattern
How is it grammatical that 'begrudge' admits three objects?
What do you call the sanitary equipment?
what is the use of "used" in this sentence?
How to ask for a Non Refrigerated bottle of drink
Meaning of "Noun Phrase + Infinitive" grammatical structure
Get or Take: difference of meaning
Which one is correct between 'I have interest in which is' and 'I have interest which is'?
Which is more polite, "Would you" or "Could you"?
Turn around vs Turn back
Difference between "call it the night" and "call it a night"
Mythological/godlike name for a manager
I don't understand this sentence of an article about Windows 10
What does 'call for' mean in this context?
Should I add "rather" in the following sentence?
A particular meaning of the phrasal verb 'work out' in AmE
"Two forms attached to the email": is "attached" a verb or an adjective?
Meaning of sentences using "has/have/had been" and "is" with nouns
"One track mind"; what is it supposed to be?
A single word for "assert, but without or before proof."
Should I use "other" or "another" in the following case?
Can I say "I want to know how the data is corrected"?
Used to or past simple?
"To make an impact in the community" or "on the community"?
The meaning of "couldn't have been"
How do I ask 'what to fill in blank'?
Omiting relative pronouns
Meaning - 'out of all proportion to the ambiguity'
Can people have punctuation marks in their name?
How would you say "extremes of the word" with an adjective of qualification?
Understanding "come back to you on something"
When to use "gets" with "I"?
"Not positive but pretty sure" meaning
"as we discuss in detail in a moment" - why not "as we'll discuss"?
Are you sitting in front of a computer screen or a computer?
Help with the meaning of Eric Schmidt's speech
Hey, let me try again?
and therefore structure
might have done
They had become so popular that there had been a sellout every year
{"Have become" / "Became"} "popular over the past few years?"
What does "double Dutch" mean?
How do you express a season of a year correctly?
When can you replace an adjective with an adverb?
'seems + noun' vs 'seems like + noun'
Past of Past in sentence
(The) companies engaged in this field - is article needed?
Best short professional voicemail
take off (meaning in context)
Do you perceive nouns ending with -a as somewhat feminine?
I can't understand the usage of semicolon ';'
the usage of dies instead of died
what is "cornered gold"?
What is the difference between "do you know where" and "where is"?
Send me a picture of hers vs Send me a picture of her? Send me a picture of him vs send me a picure of his?
What is the difference between 'be beaten on' and 'be beaten'?
"There are" and "There is"?
'you will be receiving an invoice' - why the continuous?
General arrested for fondling privates: Ambiguous sentences
Is it incorrect if we just say "some people [may be / are] very busy" without a time adverb
What do you call this type of news?
'fewer' vs 'less' with plural noun phrases
In math, round down or round up
Why is "alike" not possible in this sentence? (Choosing from: alike, similar to, exactly and just as)
In Tales of Count Lucanor, what's 'that' in 'that which'?
Two concerns on highlighted part of the following text
Can any sentence using the present perfect tense be rewritten without using it without changing its meaning?
Using "Contain" vs. "Include" vs. "Consist of" appropriately
ON and For, What situations are the best for these words?
What does "from A to B to C" mean?
cash register 'out of balance'
what does "High-Converting Copy" mean?
using "should" in the second and third conditional sentences
'inform' vs 'inform upon'
"levy a tax on all imported goods", why is "a tax" singular while "goods" are plural?
Present tense and past tense
How do you interpret these sections of this Security Target?
be used to/ used to
When should one use Present Perfect Continuous Passive?
Question about meaning of "single" in this sentence
The natural sciences WERE or WAS the subject (of ...)
Difference between "won't" and "wouldnt"
When to use "when" and "whenever"?
What's the relation between "categorical" and "category"?
Internship, probation or training in an academic setting
What does "In others, not at all." mean?
What does "left on a hike" mean?
to show (object) do something -- grammatical construction
To pretend to be someone else
'yet' is wrong; 'but then' is right?
What's indirect about indirect objects?
What does the noun 'foil' mean, in 'a foil for a Justice's rhetorical gambit'?
Does 'sic' behave as any other English adverb?
Meaning Of "See"
What does "downright salivate" mean?
How can I interpret this sentence without "That" between words!
What does "off" mean in "he'd probably better off"?
what does "pants-droppingly" mean?
what does "Yesterday" mean here?
what does "Plain Rocks" mean?
The usage of " do " and " does " :
what does "blog & tweet" mean?
what does "drinking in some advanced analytics wizardry" mean?
What's the difference between "inflammation" and "infection"?
Difference between "could come" and "could've come"
Could you let me know the differenct between 'of' and 'on''?
"Tell someone thanks" or "say thanks to someone"
Meaning "pants-dropping"
Manners in UK - language problem
What does it mean for wind to blow due north?
what does "Humble Button" mean?
Should it be "you've been in" or "you've been to"?
one of the more fascinating
Four partly trivial concerns on the last paragraph of the following passage
When has/have is necessary in a sentence
Future in the past narrative
What does "prospect" mean here?
What does *as is the case for* mean?
Should I use "its" or "their" in "The problem with this generation is its/their view of life"?
"oppose" and "be opposed". What is the difference?
Difference between photograph and picture/ photo
Gerund or participle?
Why were security cameras "seeing"?
what does "lift the way changing a button " mean?
To express a time of day: 'in' vs 'on'?
what does "timid “2.0” ways" mean?
Sellotape or Cellotape?
How does a native speaker express there is no problem except an error
what does "slaughter that thing without even trying" mean?
Is 'worked on' right for the sentence?
(To take / Taking) the subway often makes me feel like I'm trapped in an aquarium
I'm rather confused about Verb form
A place, some place, some places
Meaning of the word "blue" in song lyrics
Differences between order of verb and subject
An orange juice vs some orange juice
"We missed the bus, which made us late for school" - erroneous use of "which"?
Which word does the possessive adjective "its" refer to?
Singular or plural verb in subordinate clause?
"Descending it" or "descending from it"?
Difference between 'get to sing' , 'sings' and 'will sing''
Living by himself vs Living on his own
Can I write a singular object after "are"?
Concise phrase to describe a weekend spent in a countryside holiday home
Arriving at airport on time
"Leave the door open" vs "let the door open"
Synonyms of "down the memory lane" "old is gold"
"one of the upgrades that is/are being considered"
Meaning Of "See" 2
Have they had vs had they had
hadn't money or didn't have money in 2nd type hypotheses
present perfect vs. past perfect
what are the differences between "pass a message" and "forward a message"?
what are two different meanings I can get from this sentence?
How does 'the better to ——' equate with 'So as to —— better'?
'For me' vs 'For myself'
What is "the competence of States"?
What exactly does the word "or" mean?
Is an expression 'at the top of my lung' used very commonly?
How should I translate "take as input"?
"I told X my feelings" vs "I told X about my feelings"
When to use the adverb "there"
How do you infer the right ellipsis for "... have different rights than others do"?
"I will be loving you 'til we're 70" vs. "I will love you 'til we're 70"
How to ask your superior to allocate some time for you?
Can I write this? - "Although [reason 1], although [reason 2], and although [reason 3], this thing didn't happen."
I'd like to know what part of speech is TEMPTED in this sentence
“Pharaoh was thought he was divine”
"I experienced a feeling I have never had before" - is sequence of tenses correct?
Mobi as a name prefix
Is it correct to ask "who needs a dragons"?
What does "the brass" mean, exactly, in military context?
How should you respond to the apology from someone with a higher social status
Alternative word for a 'stagnant' sea/lake/pond without the negative connotation?
Can an order ship itself?
Meaning of "life as we know it"
difference between virtually and almost
I am curious. Curious in copula construction. Ambiguity? Convention?
By the eyes of a child
Term used to describe someone who explicitly follows directions when they know that doing so will result in a negative effect
how to join these clauses together: "No more in your class" and "I will always be your student"
Meaning of expression " blanket rationale "
term for reading non-fiction for enjoyment even though you don't believe it
Rely on vs Hinge on
Ambiguous use of modal verb 'would'?
Synonyms to 'so' in this structure: so + adjective + that
to be + to be / to have been + past participle
What does "Self-indulging" mean?
swag (slang) -- what does this word really mean?
contra -- is this a preposition?
'to seem like' : Part of speech and significance of 'like'?
Is it an inversion in terms of grammar?
Perfect tense + before
usages of the preposition"of"
Me myself or I which do I use
polite answers and questions as to failure to meet deadlines
Special term/phrase for the 'perfect' or 'impossible' object or solution?
the meaning of "as a blessing"
"Have no doubt the weather will be warmer in April" - is comma needed?
"Since you persist, I tend to think that you´re not only wrong but dishonest." What does it mean?
"As it turned out" vs "it turned out"
Does "I have a daughter" mean "I have one daughter"?
How can I improve this sentence about me professionally?
About auxiliary verbs
Where to put commas in this sentence and why?
"as with" grammar and meaning in a sentence
Difference between the pronunciations of "The"
Can I say "I was born in a place but bred in another place" instead of using "born and bred" in pair?
NumerICs vs numerALs, what is the difference if any?
What is the meaning of "killing" when facing a difficult gaming level?
"What time is it" versus "what is the time"
What is the difference between blame and accuse?
What is the meaning of "put your ass in reverse"?
Why do Canadians say "eh" so often?
Is it correct? : Anytime within Friday is available
Help parsing excerpt from Shakespeare's comedy "Love's Labour's Lost"
What does the term "Queens English" Mean?
The differences between "make a living" and "earn a living"
"Back to the Future" - tense problem
What is the difference between cheating and plagiarizing?
'Fist of legend' nuances
What is an "opposite" to "biological conservation worker"
"Letting somebody down" and "bummer"
"make sure that" vs "make sure if"
Why is it "once upon a time" but there always more than one story happened in the same time?
Wanting to avoid vulgarity; alternatives for "a d--k move"
"Continued watching," vs "continued watching it"
How to refer to a specific definite person whose gender is unknown
Adverb "now" in the present simple and the continuous
Word choice: scooted for? Eyes are weary/drooping with sleep?
brain inflammation in (the?) participants with depression - would "the" mean "each"?
Add "the" before "of"
How can I avoid repeat "I" in sentence?
WEIRD -- meaning (a new political catchword)?
crush in something -- meaning?
wax about Orthodox swords but don't actually go to church much -- meaning?
dreams of empire -- why no article in front of "empire"?
past -- a postpositive adjective?
After the verb "will", we must use another simple verb
Using perfect constructions after "since"
What is the term used for adding an 's onto a name?
Where's the verb in 'Enterprise has one DW and data marts source their information...'?
How to replace the name of the applicant writing a recommendation letter
How do I say "Congratulations, your photo was also seen on XYZ site!" in different ways?
Does this sentence need a comma?
Is there a gender-neutral pronoun that can replace “his” or “her”?
either vs neither
Why connection is "pronounced" as C while "concert" is pronounced as K
Any alternatives to and the Meaning of "You are finished"
"I made it" vs. "I've made it"
Gender specific words for female socialite and male socialite?
Besides for that vs Other than that
"I can't get over the way your face looks"?
How do "Friend of P" and "Friend of P's" mean the inverse of each other?
how to use multiple single words with a and an
Meaning Of "Under"
Infinitive phrase as adjective vs. adjective clause
I want to know the meaning behind asking these questions in this way
I have to go vs I have got to go
How can I speed up my speech?
How can i get the right suffix?
How does 'nothing if not' mean 'at the very least; certainly'?
Use of *ed* and the end of word
An expression to mean 'Thanks for that'
little less than
What are the names of the verb tenses used in these two sentences?
"So much of X" or "So much X"
Put V+ing in the beginning of sentence
I just can't understand this sentence structure
Can "nothing" be a direct object?
What is the correct way to write 1.5 hours?
Is this phrase and its usage correct?
Whats the meaning of double-duty here
I haven`t learned it for one year VS I haven`t learned it in a year
"I am hurting" in the meaning of "I am hurt"? Why?
"Your bonus will be prorated for your first year." - Incorrect use of prorated?
Single word for "college projects"
Question about meaning of "response" in this context
Is a question such as 'What to (do) ...?' grammatically correct?
What is the difference between "Do anybody" and "Does anybody"?
What's the difference between brand and company?
What are the transcripts (about 5 lines) of this Jimmy Kimmel Live show?
If my fingers were stung by fish spines, shall I describe it as "I got hurt" or "I got injured" or what?
a specific usage of "of"
Should I add "and" before last number?
What is the meaning of "Make a love of someone"?
What does the "over that of" mean?
Go a holiday vs Go on a holiday
make wastage or do wastage
I have been to [place] + Adverbial Phrase of Time
What else can we say instead of "I see" or "I understand"?
The word Bonistics
Is it correct? "You may call me in your convenient any time."
"He admitted that had he but taken my advice..."
Could you please help me figuring out what the difference is there in meaning between these two sentences?
Which is correct: "have been completed" or "are completed"
In phrasal verbs, why is it sometimes considered 'adverbs', and sometimes 'prepositions'?
How to read numbers in English
What's the subject: 'is the extent to which is a possibility...' ? (2014 US, Justice JP Stevens)
'will submit' or 'will be submitting'
How to analyse/decompose ' a redundancy ... that “that becomes redundant even within the redundancy" '?
What does it mean to portray somebody as a Tasmanian devil?
Correctness of Justice Alito's oral question, in Young v. United Parcel Service (2014) ?
What is the Meaning of This Sentence
present progressive or not
discerning between until and by
modal word "can"
A question about modal verb "can"
Confused about the meaning behind this sentence
What does "crop of" mean?
What does "all-in" mean in this context?
the meaning of pun
Does this sentence make sense?
Does this sentence mean "much like" or " don't much like"?
Could you paraphrase sentence number two
Question about meaning of "having being said" in this context
Do the sentences below mean the same?
Meaning of this phrase?
What does "In the grand scheme" mean in this context?
Past perfect vs. past simple
Usage of a gerund and a verb in the present simple
What does "what lies ahead" mean in this context?
In a tangled heap?
What does "shortage" mean in this context?
What does "What a life!" mean?
The construction "make" [noun][verb] vs. "for" [noun][infinitive]
Help with video transcription
What does the "ant or aunt'' means?
How to use 'Due to'
Verb sequence when used with “Will” or “Shall”
When is "the" omitted?
Usage of conform
What does "could be made that without it" mean in this context?
Can "couldn't have done" be used in subjunctive mood?
What is the difference between "job" and "job opportunity"?
Meaning of "give me chills"
What is the difference between 'house' and 'home'
"Let them never be born" or "Let them never to be born?"
I will talk to you vs I will talk with you?
Which one is appropriate?
Usage of "eyeglasses" and "glasses"
when to use have been
Is there an easier term to replace with "To their credit"?
Verb "to wheel". One hand wheeling
What's the right order of the words?
Talking of an unspecific item
Present Continuous vs.Present Simple (Passive Voice)
What the difference between "different than" and "different from"?
What does "charging affair" mean in this context?
Should I use "is" or "was" in these sentences?
Usage of "Keep Any Shape"
What does "We'll just pass him there" mean?
"Next day we went to the station" or "the next day"?
How do you know the exact implication of 'may'?
What does "replacement" refer to in this context?
Difference between "You have me ~" and "You made me ~"
'the whole, of which a part' vs 'the whole, a part of which'
Why present perfect for the infinitive? (1951 US, Truman to MacArthur)
Can 'such' mean 'any such' ? Why? (1951 US, Truman to MacArthur)
Truman's use of 'become' in 'it becomes my duty' ? (1951 US)
Immigrate vs migrate
Difference in harangue, tirade and rant?
Wrong verb in "the son ... is no lack of honor ..."?
Subject of imperatives starting with 'let'?
omitting the word "there"
Verbs used for as if
Change of voice
Difference between "assist in" and "assist with"
"expired" vs "is expired"
What does "augment information" mean in this context?
a phrase indicating a (gold) winner in the contest
Should I use 'been' instead of 'lived' with present perfect?
small-scale field trial?
How to describe a shopping dispute?
What does 'to sleep late' mean?
Difference between "beyond his knowledge" and "above his head"
The order of letters in the English alphabet
I gave money to dad - do I need an article here?
"Part of the team" vs. "a part of the team"
A sentence in Present tense was understood as future tense
Meaning - 'the subject can even be predicated of itself'
What does 'of' mean in 'to be predicated of'?
Do not receive something vs have not received something by a given time
How can an intransitive verb have 'objects' and 'complements'?
Overlap or confusion in terminology describing predicates and complements?
The secondary meaning of the word cheerful
What does "only to see" mean?
Can you tell me the meaning of 'hope'?
Interchangeability of 'preposition + which' with relative adverbs?
The plurality of the word after how many
In or on the opening/OST album?
I was kept driving yesterday - or - I was keep driving yesterday
What's the difference between "has lived since" and "had lived since"?
What should we call the clause after "would rather"?
Place of adjectives in a sentence
I have been aware or I'm aware
Differences between to + inf and v-ing
I have a question about 'conditional structure'
What does " will be made or broken" mean in this context?
What is the best word to admire somebody's help and manner? worth or valuable?
"Before last year" vs "the year before last"
A question regarding a modifying clause
"*Our old man* is going shopping to buy something *for dinner*"?
What to call a lady you are dating,esp. secretly, even though you are married?
"We can't play tennis if it will be rainy tomorrow" or "... if it is rainy tomorrow"?
Usage of "Hold Its Shape"
When to use "Only thing" vs. "Everything"
Watching you working hard made my eyes water
bolt on tools -- meaning?
Number used as an ID in an organization?
What does it mean for a word to be coined?
Word Choice 'sagged'
Culture is "laid back" or "forward looking"
Meaning and connotation of "_______ your heart out"
When should I use "Might" and "Might Be Able"
"This is to inform you" vs "This is you to inform"
Difference between tie and cravat
the usage of "to"
placement of objects in sentences
Past and Present Perfect tenses in one sentence
How to express logarithms verbally?
Which is better between "Friends you have more, more powerful you became" and "More friends you have, more power you will will have"?
"will have avoided" vs. "will avoid" in the following context
If the `which` is used correctly?
where to use "be"
Redundancy in sentences
What's the meaning of "there you go"?
Movies and Songs are my listening troubles
to have the women of his court speak frankly
"Take advantage of" and "make the most of": What is the difference?
Change or Exchange
Is referring to a specific definite person of KNOWN gender as "they" acceptable?
"xyz is in the source code" or "xyz is on the source code"?
a course of -- meaning?
"When responding, please reference the claim number"
How can I solve such disputed subject verb agreements? And what do these sentences actually mean?
"Others are me and X" vs "Others are X and I"
Difference between "fat chance" and "slim chance"?
"This will help us ensure" or "This will help us TO ensure": use of TO with infinitival clauses
What does "easy time" mean in this context?
Gerund (being sick) at the end of the sentence
Use of “-er” or the word “more” to make comparative forms
An understanding of "No one could be more generous"
"malefactors are depraved on accounta they’re deprived" - the meaning of "on accounta"
listener to or listener of
What is the difference between the -able that attaches to nouns and the -able that attaches to verbs?
When "could" is used to indicate an ability in the past
continual vs. continuous
Meaning of "charge" in a specific context
Whenever the wind whistles through the leaves, I’ll think, “Lowenstein, Lowenstein"
"had said" vs. "said" -- are these sometimes interchangeable?
Can you transcribe the saying from 14:50 to 14:60 in this video?
"I can help", "I'm of help", "Be of Use"
what does the "a cap of" mean in following paragraph?
How to dissect/parse 'that could not otherwise have been obtained without'?
