Can we build a tool that measure curvature on an arc?
Is there a way to quantify or graphically represent noise immunity? Is noise immunity different than noise margin? If yes, how?
What is the advantage of using D'Alembert's principle when dealing with dynamic systems?
Finding initial length of a bended plastic sheet (Bend Allowance)
Washers on both inside and outside?
Is epoxy the best way to permanently attach a small PCB to a mechanism that will be vibrating?
Is pin column-beam joint always have less moment, more deflection compared to fixed joint?
How to determine / control if a conveyor belt runs straight?
How to hermetically seal a circuit in a visual & bluetooth transparent solid cube ~2-3"?
Will the water in a gold fish bowl signficantly abosorb Bluetooth or WiFi if transciever is at bottom of bowl?
Mathematical representation of hinge and pin connection
Cantilever beam load formula
How to measure the luminance an unevenly lit object?
Torque sensitivity of a VFD induction motor through a gearbox?
Do bottles leaking due to air pressure in an airplane cargo hold?
What is the required torque to rotate a 50mm aluminimum plate of weight 100g?
Structural Correction requires
How small can coolers get?
How to measure turbulence parameters experimentally?
Why do we need to take distance of center gravity of a distributed load to a point in order to calculate moment?
What is the tolerance of True Position without Datum Callout
How does adjustable selfie stick work?
How to find the positioning of cutter machine with high accuracy with digital sensor?
Penetration rate for miniature cone
do prestressing tendons located in the compression zone contribute to compression reinforcement?
In Control Systems Engineering, why do imaginary poles and zeros on the LHP indicate stability?
Looking for a device that breaks the circuit if the voltage gets too low
How is modulated the Primary Synchronization Signal in LTE?
What kind of simplified structural system would a Leonardo bridge use?
What does "beam end release" actually mean, and how it is modeled in mathematical terms?
How do I sense reflective tape such as on a spinning wheel?
How can I model beam column connection that doesn't connect at centerline?
Inductor/Transformer core design - reducing losses from eddy currents
How can I separate gear oil from metal shavings to weigh worn metal?
Why do hairdryers use line power and beard trimmers use adapters?
How is an digital coherent receiver able to achieve 100 Mhz line-scan rate for detecting coherent light in the presence of incoherent light?
What is that airplane headphone socket?
Measuring the level of inflation of an airbag
Staad - structure design
Why don't cellphones use unidirectional antennas?
Discrete Control System Process Sampling Rate
Fan BHP estimation
Material for suspension that stiffens in higher speeds?
Transmission for constant-speed, variable-torque output from variable-speed, variable-torque input?
How to measure transmit power level from LTE base station?
Lift-type identification - What class of lifts are ferris wheels in?
Finding the components of a vector along two other vectors
stress wave propogation in metals
Can masoned ceilings be flat?
How to measure changes in curvature?
Motorcycle Engine Vibration - Difference between left and right side
Designing a clamping mechanism for linear sliding stick
Maximum Shear stress in Beams
Beams in Bending: Bending stress / strain distrution
Is it possible to adapt the design and principle of operation for a tunable microwave photonic notch filter to a visible light photonic notch filter?
Is Hamilton Jacobi Bellman optimization used in engineering control?
Using a gearbox in reverse
Steering wheel torque when car is turning
How can I model a plane's trajectory in a simple way?
How much weight can an aluminum tube beam support?
Calculating the Motion of a Particle on a Moving Surface Due to the Friction Between Them
The boundary condition(s) for a continuous beam
Joining zinc components
Why not only GSM (3G/4G/..)? Why do we need Bluetooth, Wifi,etc...?
Determine volume of liquid in a fluid bladder
How can one determine the LTE base station providing service to a mobile device?
How does load force impact load inertia?
Method of Calculating pressure of failure in a cylindrical container?
Disposal of dung, related products, and cleaning products, prioritized and case by case
Torque and RPM power transmission
How to determine signal strength verses distance for LTE base stations?
How would you measure the electrostatic field of a celestial body from its surface?
Help with reading resistor color codes
Does the turbo-compressor increase the efficiency of car engine?
Use npn (2n4401) and pnp (2n3906) connected to single microcontroller to switch
Equilibrium of rigid bodies
Is it possible that entropy generation decreases with decreasing turbine efficiency(First Low efficiency )?
Can air suction be increased by consecutive pc fans in small air tunnel?
Methods to Measure Buckling without Expensive Equipment
Nuclear wastegate thermal dissipation systems?
What is the screen of a microwave made off?
Exergy and Gibbs Energy
Highest pressure helium(lifting gas)can be stored at?
Signals and systems convolution problem?
What tools to use for a solar powered backup?
Design decisions for variable speed motor switch settings (vs., say, rheostats)
Undesired vibration of a beam under foot traffic
Understanding Permeation Units
Reusable 100um x 5mm flow chamber
Hypocycloid degenerates to straight line
Will helium gas lift more weight in air when it is spread over large volume compared to equal weight heavily compressed small volume?
Relationship between Pressure and volume with Air
What specific characteristic of proportional solenoid valves makes the flow to current behavior quadratic?
Why to avoid over sizing a DC Motor?
How to convert permeation units to molecules/second?
Effect of bad weather on P2P Communication or Broadcasting?
Where can I find a lock that can do this?
Sliding Mode Control
Convert 2D projections to 3D View in AutoCAD
Autonomous RC car trying to stop at a point
Is it safe to drop a bomb?
Calculating correct motor torque for windmill
Simple statics vector analysis problem
Stiffness of members in a bolted joint
Electricity generation via piezoelectric roads, stairways, is it plausible?
Effect of Dimensions on Plate Capacitor
How to install multiple pop rivets
Stylus Materials
How do you actually control the cooling level of AC?
Two railway locomotives connected one after another
Transducers in cuff-style blood pressure monitors
Why do these car headlights run on AC?
How can I calculate the evaporation rate for a hazmat spill?
Reinforced concrete design: will there be extra nominal moment on column in a frame structure?
Is continuous beam design deemed "unsafe" by any code of practice/design practice for reinforced concrete building structures?
PID position control when setpoint does not require continuous force
Pressure-Flowrate relation at Nozzle
Do I need to mention every dimension on a to-scale drawing?
Improvements in ammunition design?
Pressure Differential Analysis
Equation for comparing force delivered to road at wheel based on varying gear ratios?
How many states need to be measured for a reduced order observer?
ABS Traction control / fiddle brakes
Prototyping tubular components
Natural gas mass flow conversion
Make a prototype of a braille tablet using arduino
Torque limiting application
How do I convert this mechanical system into a mechanical network?
Latent heat of fusion of water near triple point
Why isn't it possible to build a car moved by wind power?
Heat Fit Aluminum Sleve onto Shaft
Where does weight mass conversion ratio '0.00259' come from in Nastran?
Active vs passive earth pressure
Maximum compressive force for pipe vs solid cylinder
Is the mass flow rate constant in a thermodynamic cycle?
Is there a mechanism that can turn circular motion into alternating circular motion?
Approximately how many types of stress are there?
Maximum deflection of a beam, fixed in one end and concetrated load at free end
Resolving forces in a simple truss
Are front wheel drive vehicles inherently flawed?
Modifying coil spring to alter rate progressively
Are "interference fit" equations appropriate for calculating barrel stress?
Determining stiffness of a beam w/varying moment of inertia
What is pros of weight density?
Under defined sketch - inner rectangle for chessboard
Continuous time and Discrete time systems
Why is 14.5° a commonly used pressure angle in gears?
What is the consumption of a still car?
Is consumption of car (engine+gearbox) monotonic with (steady) speed?
FRF based material constant optimization
What are some concepts I can look into to aide in creating a 'compression funnel'(?) without the aide of a motor?
Copper is more conductive, so why use lead battery terminals?
Metal vs Non-metal heat conduction
Why is the martensite to austenite transition temperature in Shape Memory Alloys so much lower than in steel?
Why can't we predict turbulence deterministically?
Do heat pipes work in any orientation?
Thermodynamics of an Arctic Greenhouse
How does the Italian Percolator work?
How to find the stability margin of a transfer function?
reliability of consumption indicator
Piezoelectric matching/backing layer materials
Biaxial Bending Sign convention
What's the term used for machine parts orientation naming on the sagittal plane and from inside the machine?
Is there a difference between punching shear for columns on slabs vs slabs on columns?
What is a multi-standard mcu?
Why do small gears used to turn big gears allow more force with less effort?
What shape of object will roll down the fastest through the decline piece of wood on Earth?
Is the same amount of force required to rotate these reels?
Mathematical modelling of the crank in a two-stroke (diesel) engine
How to size a refrigeration compressor based on an evaporator size?
Hazardous Chemicals Waste Recycling company & KOH production, ABANDONED the site
Does pile cap need to be buried?
Whats the difference between leading edge and slat?
How to derive Darcy's law only in the case of saturated soil without derived all cases?
Charging a battery pack using a motor
How do you quickly heat cold water?
Moment of Inertia of a Rectangular Cross Section
Trasmitting data from pressure transducer to phone/web server
How Big can Hydrofoils get?
Ansys: issue with geometry visualisation
What does the abbreviation "B.C." mean on a weld joint diagram?
Peclet Number and first principle for open system
How are most sheet style nichrome-based heating elements constructed?
How do measures of error or uncertainty change, when the underlying variable is transformed?
Thermal efficiency of a furnace reactor?
why is the outside of an electromagnet not magnetic?
Why don't flight recorders transmit only when they receive a ping?
Determining frequency of an ultrasonic transducer
What prevents the use of electric engines to assist with spacecraft launches? (Space Shuttle Booster Supplement)
Why are spur gear ratios not always whole numbers in practice?
What aspects can help a car flip?
Counterweight of Crankshaft
What kind of ship is this?
Deflection Formula for Continous Beam
Feasibility of a motorized 3-axis gimbal for visualization
How were the sequence of bar widths assigned to digits 0-9 for UPC barcodes?
Cheaper alternative to silicone rubber sponge?
What are some overlaps between Computational Scientist and Mechanical Engineering?
How to interpret this Uncertainty?
What type is miter joint - Welding
How does an oscillating sprinkler like this change directions?
What's the easiest way to count high speed pulses?
How much does an evaporative cooler cool down a room
IP Rating Required to be Dishwasher Safe (Commercial and Residential)
How to solve power surge caused by curing oven PWM cycle?
How much force can a pole in ground take before falling?
Why viscosity ratio should be greater then 1 for longer bearing life?
Drawing the Connection of 2 Arcs with Radius
Define inlet temperature in multi-stage adiabatic reactor
Centrifugal pumps working
Have there been successful attempts at using a computer's heat to warm something up?
How do gears engage and mesh in a sliding mesh gearbox?
Is there and easy way to go from 1000 psi to 45 psi without a complicated pressure regulator
Bread board for STM32
How to design a gear escapement like in an old pendulum clock?
How to calculate tensile strength of braided steel wire?
How can I calculate the power to drive a water pump based on discharge from two hoses?
Radiators in series or parallel?
What is the unit of measurement of fatigue damage in a structure?
Are precision pneumatics possible?
Could a medical ultrasound device be used for recording the topography of a small river?
Can a retention/detention pond and a parking-lot be constructed in the same site foot-print?
Hydraulic Symbols
Brazing Zinc-Aluminum Alloy to Steel
Method to extract closed curve from 3D CAD into CSV or TXT
Value of Mechanical Constants in Real-World Applications
Water wheel potential
How to calculate inlet and exit area of a gas turbine engine compressor diffuser?
Reducing energy consumption of valves
Shear strength of reinforced concrete filled PVC pipe
Which mode does get excited under action of dynamic loading?
Is a filter burst possible under fuel line pressure?
Fluid dynamics of non interacting tanks in series
Encoding data to barcodes
Can shear links be designed to hook between inner layers of top and bottom reinforcement?
Find the instance when discrete time model has a specific value
Clamping force from U-bolt around pipe
What is the theoretical maximum energy efficiency of hydro turbines?
How strict is the direction of air flow in a single direction pneumatic solenoid valve?
Why have cascading vessels in the 'B' part of the 'AB' wastewater treatment process?
Contradictory units for moments of inertia
Calculate proper stepper torque to convert clay extruder from compressed air to leadscrew actuator. Is this the correct way?
FFT output for noise sensor shifts after some time
What are exact location of Integration Points in STRI3 element in ABAQUS?
Universal joint vs Double Universal Joint (CV configuration) kinematics
Designing a simple measurement system
Liquid Vacuum Filler machine using Venturi Pump
Are linear beam element solutions ever exact and when are they used in practice?
How to calculate torque required by a motor depending on load?
Plumbing / Thread Compatibility
Difference between Reactive power input and Reactive power consume by Load?
How do I model the friction on a rolling pulley wheel, which holds weight, on a horizontal cable?
Compressing saturated steam
Flowcharts in PLCs, garage door design problem
Help an electrical engineering student with a beam deflection question
Evaporation of water using a vacuum pump?
What is the difference between tolerance and uncertainty in measurement?
What's the purpose of a 'burger' lane in a roundabout?
Do smoke alarms become more sensitive as they get older?
Do submarines really have cranks for closing leaks?
Patent for product I designed
What thing will make phone emit more radiation?
How long can UK diesel be stored?
Modelling a system with multiple hysteresis behaviours and mutual interference
Different measured strain in beam experiencing pure bending
What is the rated tensile strength of 2000 kcmil stranded copper conductor?
Designing and fabricating custom gears and sprockets
System Identification Toolbox - How is the quality of the model output calculated?
Difference between an angle grinder and an abrasive saw
How to find press fit/ slip fit for non standard size parts?
Is the construction of a high-speed 3D printer (replicator from Star Trek) possible?
Why shouldn't we put high voltage cables physically underground?
Are rocket engines practical for commercial aircraft?
How does loading and unloading work in an air compressor?
How to calculate rotations from displacements?
Tower crane with a cabin on ground level
How do I mechanically convert 200 steps into 360 discreet degrees?
How/where to take moments to solve a static equilibrium equation
Mathematic modeling of an overshot water wheel
How would I model a load bearing brick wall supported on a beam in FEM
Series or parallel overloads in control circuits controlling several motors?
Remote control of a manual transmission
Obtaining the correct flat plate turbulent boundary layer thickness in a CFD simulation
Strength of human hand compared to robot
How is a carbon fiber chassis made one piece?
What is the gain and time constant of a system with a constant output?
Matching up cam lock or cam and groove coupling
Why aren't screens round instead of rectangular?
Deflection of Acrylic Shelf
Are there standards or guidance for the placement and location of rest areas on newly constructed or designated U.S. Interstates?
4 bar mechanism simulator
Time duration for a mechanical wind up mechanism?
Convert translational stiffness to rotational stiffness of a screw
When beverage can stay-on tabs are lifted do they depressurise the can by lifting the rivet?
Spring Diameter Question
Does Poisson's effect explain why the necking effect is more apparent in some materials during a tensile test?
Lifting 250 watts of heat using some heat exchanger/heat sink
Motor Controller Design Considerations
Reasons for bending direction of rebars in beams
What does the accuracy and precision values for a pipette mean?
Should I model the load from a pool at the top floor of a multi-story building as live or dead?
Why are LED blinking?
How to resolve Keil uVision 5.0 compilation errors?
Stirrups are not shear bearing diagonals but just spacers?
How is this aluminum heater mounted to the stainless plate?
Design a worm gear that works with a straight wheel
Difference between a spring's k-value and rate constant?
What would happen to a misinstalled globe valve?
What is friction head loss through a pipe mean?
How to deal with thermal expansion in a city wide heating system?
Statics - Volume of a Revolution
Why is more steam required to turn a steam turbine when electric power consumption is higher
Implementing PID feedback control
Why can't current tennis sensors measure actual spin in RPM?
Does this exist - Water flow control with energy recovery
Folded/bent sheet steel design
weep hole in retaining wall
Variation of LED light as a function of distance
How to optimise feed-forward control of a process based on a prediction using the prediction confidence?
Quantifying Instrument Precision Using Multiple Measurements: Rounding
Steel Structure connection pin or fixed
Hydrogen in submarines: "keep below 8%" rule of thumb?
Some questions about liquid nitrogen cooling
multiplying up human compression power!
Word for the tendency of one metal to rub off on another?
Can I make a fishing line going through a small hole waterproof?
Using a controller to remotely alternate the direction of a peristaltic pump
How do I find the impact pressure of cavitation due to implosion of a super critical fluid bubble?
Can I control latent/sensible heat changes in a counter-flow, induced draft cooling tower using climate?
What is the exact definition of renewable energy
What is reason of low axial velocity at tip and hub of an axial turbine?
How are these components called?
Do micrometer calipers have any advantage over vernier calipers?
Gears on the same axle question
Transfer function of a temperature controlled incubation system
How to model a humidity control system inside a box?
Terminology for motors with custom bearings
Buckingham Pi theorem, repeating variables
How to extract solar energy from a wall?
Isentropic flow equation derivation
What is the relation between frequency of piezo element and its shape?
How to know which modes are excited by a given input in modal analysis?
PD pump type for vacuum liquid extraction?
Reverse-engineering spur gears - do I have enough data to make a gear that will mesh correctly?
Power/Efficiency of expanding air-flow
Materion Bulk Metalic Glass
Difference between 'plastic yielding' , 'plastic yield strength', plastic strength' and 'plastic stress'?
Knife makeing, choose the steel
How to simulate the simply supported boundary condition in experiments?
Periscope camera with a mobile phone, how to make walls not visible on the camera/alternative solution?
How do you calculate the work of a Carnot Heat Engine using entropy?
Ways to attach stuff to a cylindrical tube that is in vacuum?
Why do different air compressors have different flow rates?
How do you calculate the required power of a disk turbine (Rushton turbine) to rotate a fluid at a given speed?
What is the correct pipe size for a 2inch pipe?
Time for oil to flow through Redwood Viscometer
Shear Stress / Flexure Stress Formulas / Tables
How should I calculate the centroid of a hollow structure when analyzing a wind load?
Why do all high-speed trains run on electric track (as opposed to normal track with diesel-electric trains)?
Do longer gun's barrel improve accuracy?
What fundamentally distinguishes cavitation and boiling as different phenomena?
How do I define settling time vertical line on root locus?
Electric flux density outside cylindrical surface?
How to calculate the thickness of a circular plate centrally supported?
ANSYS Workbench - Support type when lifting
How does the SRI "Abacus" rotary transmission work?
How to convert VDC to VAC at a high frequency?
Total lateral pressure from clay soil when hydrostatic pressure is also present
Formulation of problems and exercises in Mechanical Engineering
Flow through manifold: convergence issues
Derive equation from graph
Magnetic Stripe Encoding on the fly?
What method can I use to calculate the temperature within a house being cooled by vents on the floor?
Should an auxiliary cooling fan blow air or draw it?
Managing precipitation in cooling process
Is there any good way to measure humidity constantly in a concrete block?
How much do these bolts hold? Marked 10.9, with shank area of 153 sq mm
Looking for a gear similar to bicycle freewheel
Construction Entity and Construction Complex
Control System: offset issue with a simple valve model
What affects the spring constant or spring life spans?
How to incorporate moment release at beam end in FEM formulation?
Volumetric efficiency versus pressure ratio for rotary compressor
What kind of connection allows rotation at only one end?
Applications with combination of high friction and low wear?
Data logger via modbus hardware solution
Strain gauge for wood
Alternatives to shimming valve springs
Formula (or heuristic) for calculating force required for incremental change in angle of attack of an airfoil
Recreating Focaults Pendulum
Why is there negative static pressure in contour?
How is a merge left or a merge right chosen?
How can I define third type boundary condition in ANSYS Mechanical APDL?
Base or foundation?
Deflection problem confusing units?
Maximum Bending Stress
What material (preferably relatively inexpensive), can I use for absorber in a fresnel solar concentrator
Lab Equipment for Monitoring Sub Zero Temperatures
Is a force to the right positive?
Python delays on Raspberry Pi
Is it possible to use Ammonia vapor in steam turbine
How to obtain sensor failure probabilities?
Amperage draw for Servo
What happens when the surface ends at the laminar zone of the boundary layer?
Getting an object to travel at 35 to 45 mph
Calculating Load Inertia in a Leadscrew System
What would you call this mining vehicle? (Ural-20R, used in mining)
Molecular diffusion into sphere
Selecting the correct strain gauge and metal thickness for custom load cell
o-ring/gasket compressibility
Given the tensile strength of a rod, how do you calculate the max weight that can be hung from it?
What device is this, and how does it work?
How can high carbon steel and stainless steel be connected firmly without using nuts and bolts?
Calculating speed, forces and pressures when extending a cylinder
what can replace high carbon steel as the raw material for sewing needle
shear stress in hollow beam
Bending moment diagram from shear force diagram
Maximum bending stress at particular section of beam
Pressure coefficient over a cylinder without using potential flow equations
shear stress at particular point in beam
Derivation if the formula for the surface moment of inertia of an isosceles triangle
2 motors on same shaft but 1 is off. How does that work?
Torque converter torque multiplication
I want a shockproof table for a model train. That is, protection from physical jolts, not electrical volts
Would a Flettner rotor make sense for an ocean cruising trawler?
In the Panama Canal, how are the lock gates kept water-tight (at the hinges, middle, and bottom)?
Calculate the minimum motor power required to lift a human?
shear force at boundary
How do you prevent ignition of the gas-air mixture before it reaches the burner nozzle?
Minor Losses Pipeflow Momentum vs Steady Flow
Why is soot produced in diesel exhaust, since diesel runs lean?
How to calculate effective section modulus of a slender section?
Pressure drop in very low reynolds number flows
How to calculate area of cross section needed to sustain a point load on a beam?
shear flow in thin wall members
deformation-dependent damping
Channel or Canal?
shear flow changes
shear stress at nail at different points
Are British Universal Beams and Columns cut according to imperial or SI measurements?
Find needle in a haystack?
Accurately measure a bolt hole circle?
How much of a battery needs to be replaced for it to be a fresh battery?
Hydrofoil for skeg-hung rudder with forward centre-of-effort
What is the most efficient way to convert a fuel into electrical energy?
IC engine where the piston is the spark plug
How does smartphone VR positioning work?
No Voltage appearing on Pspice
Other working fluids in Rankine cycle power plants
For train track, why does the ballast need "good drainage"?
How does a stator convert velocity into pressure?
Dimensionless Thickness
What thickness of aluminium sheet do I need to achieve the same strength of a 1/8" steel sheet?
Can solar panels absorb heat for energy?
Pump flow rate calculation
Force required to move object on wheels
How does the locking mechanism of a secure bicycle dock work?
Suggestion to control a gimbal bldc motor for positioning
How can I couple two shafts along the same axis so that they rotate together, but only one shaft is allowed to drive the rotation?
Automatic door, linear actuator or stepper motor
What is the difference between Bluetooth Low Energy and Bluetooth BR/EDR in Park mode?
Magnetic decoupling torque
Roskam Book equation of dry air density is not clear. I need explanation
Lift Requirements for Hybrid Airship
Chemical Engineering Process Analysis - Process Flow Calculations using linear matrices
What would be the adverse effect on the human body travelling at 1000km/h?
Do generators run slower if the load is lower?
Question on sketching nyquist plot of transfer function with poles on imaginary axis
Calculating velocity in pipe flow
Relationship between output mechanical power and max pressure for a pump?
Does Cluster Gear Change The Gear Ratio
Can a mechanic pull apart a strong bolt by hand power alone with an ordinary wrench?
Standard properties of air
Shouldn't enthalpies be equal in isentropic process?
Why did they build a sarcophagus over Chernobyl instead of pouring concrete over the building?
How to drive a gear system to wear out fast
Why does "Google self-driving car"'s roof camera rotate?
Air velocity through a tunnel 5,000 feet long and 30 feet in diameter?
How to know what capacity of a compressor will suit the demand of machines in a plant?
How reliable is a QR code reader?
Why would "quality of the gearbox" affect torque of a machine tool?
Postion of overturning moment for retaining wall
Can a blimp enter Mar's atmosphere as a glider?
Figuring out how much torque dc motor will need to run at a certain speed. (E-skateboard project)
Does a sinusoidal input voltage make a BLDC motor into a PMSM?
Infrared thermometer unreliable
Doubt on power generation by hydraliuc turbine
Component-based simulation versus block-based simulation
How can I build a electronically controlled valve for a 1/4 inch tube
Controller design with pole placement method with given damping and settling time
How to characterize a system given several curves
Using python to send automated commands through a serial-usb-cable adapter
How can I find the price of a product if the manufacturer doesn't show it on their website?
Transfer function for hovercraft
Efficiency of off road vehicles
What do Rear-End Collision Avoidance System do on Ice?
Why is "regular" gasoline standard instead of something more knock-resistant?
Creating a constant internal temperature that is negligible to the external environment
Is a chair with N+1 wheels ever less stable than a chair with N wheels?
FOC algorithm for BLDC motor and rotor position estimation via IMU
stability/controllability of a finite time linear quadratic regulator
Preload a worm gear?
How to chose production process of copper electrical connector, Extrusion vs Die casting
Physical principle behind suction of a piston
Which floor is likely to collapse during the earthquake?
Windmills in empty fields. Why no trees?
Inertia Relief and Buckling SOL105 in Nastran
How to measure resistivity of a given sheet of material?
PLC / Scada education requirements.
How to model ball joint in Patran/Nastran?
Can steel be replaced with aluminum alloy in reinforced concrete?
Diesel or Gasoline? Which one is more dangerous to our health?
What is the name of my feedback procedure in control system that I am using?
How large of an area of the earth's surface would we need to cover in mirrors to negate global warming?
Difference between PI and PD controller?
How to obtain relative movement and rotation of bridge bearings?
What type of control system is this? open loop?
How can I build a proximity sensor?
shear formula confusion
Biological process in wastewater treatment
Difference between Linkage, Kinematic chain, Mechanism, Mechanical element, Mechanical machine and their precise definitions
shear flow in hollow beam
Calculation for cantilever retaining wall, with small/no heel
What is the theoretical grain size in a ideal phase diagram of a metal?
How to simulate car acceleration
direction of shear stress
Plastic Injection Moulding a Piece with Undercuts
Are these right angle projections correct?
How to model a sheet metal nut in SolidWorks?
How to create intersected conical copper coils?
twisting at shear center / centroid
How to calculate deflection of a cantilever beam subject to point loading
ANSYS Mechanical Contact behavior
Anomalous oxygen in aluminium sample SEM EDS
If I made a incandescent light bulb filament smaller what would happen?
slope and deflection of beam engineering
Wingspan formula for an Ornithopter
slope of deflection of beam at center
How does a flexible endoscope turn?
how does thickness affect the maximum crushing strength and modulus of rupture of wood?
yield stress vs critical load stress
How to implement wifi for a headless IOT device?
How to get remove water from a submarine that is submerged
How should I draw the semi cylinder in the sketch?
Why can’t one see for 2nd order system that it is at its stability limit neither in the Nyquist plot nor Bode plot?
Difference between a "Pulley" and a "Wheel and axle"
Force and Headloss Calculations for Three Stage Condenser
How does Rule-1 guarantee cylindriccity in GD&T?
Which will require more force? small or big scissors?
Calculation of power for a pipeline crawler
Is total cost estimation of a building possible without a foundation plan?
moment applied causing bending stress in beam
shear stress before and after cut
Passivity in automatic control (Linear and nonlinear control)
Artificial Intelligence in manufacturing machines
Control System Question - spectra and their degrees of excitation
Why do we still scuba dive with bottled air?
What is the difference (if any) in capacity factors and efficiency between reservoir hydropower and run-of-river power plants?
Why do lvdt sensors give us different results?
Automation: steady state error calculation block diagram
How do we solve a rigid body indeterminate structure?
How can we know "by inspection" the location of maximum deflection of a simply supported beam with a point load?
Larger gear for telescope focus rack?
Static equilibrium and moment
What's the difference between structural pop rivets, and non structural?
Do beams in a structure transmit to piers?
How can the linear relationship between curvature and bending moments be verified?
Diesel injector nozzle geometry
Free Body Diagram Problem
How are three satellites sufficient to find a unique point in GPS? What happens in case of an overlap?
What system-electronic components or physic mechanism is used to modulate signals between different devices used in lithography?
What is the difference between 250W band heater and a 200W one?
Tension in a rope
Truss problem with multiple unknowns
Nastran RBE2 coordinate change
What type of acturator with motor to choice for measurement with step = 0,25 μm?
Quaternion in control applications
How to cast and mold melt plastic to a shape and design you want?
Can photopolymers from 3D printer be fused together like for thermo plastics?
Piezoelectric Pressure Gauge
Body submerged in two liquids
What is the best way to model a beam and slab bridge?
Relative strength of wire mesh vs rebar for reinforcing a concrete slab
Why is the moment of forces on a rigid body in static equilibrium must be zero about any point, even if the position of that point is not on the body
Pattern of zero stress in regular truss structure
How to add traction to a wheel?
How can I make a GPS traceable microchip?
Max. Allowable pressure in process pipe
Latitude Angle in gravity equation
Effort applied on the cement silo
How can you sync an electric motor with an IC engine?
How does the central lock mechanism in articulated arm (magic arm) works?
Finding all members using method of joints
force transmission in kinematic chain
"Set redefined" Error When Running a Restart Job in Abaqus 6.12-1
Computer engineering: Physical time clock timing
Which equations of a state space model influence the poles and zeroes?
Why GPS receivers are more sensitive than GSM or WiFi receivers?
What benefits does loopshaping have over other control design methods?
Analytically determine and draw the system response to a piecewise step input for an electrical system
What do these sigma subscripts represent?
Concrete formwork - best approach to counter uplift forces, for a freestanding pour?
What is the preferred composition for modern concrete bridges?
What will be the effect of torque and wheel diameter on the stability of a robot?
Difference between AT and AMT transmissions as far driving experience is concerned
FOC current ripples with angle dependencies
Young engineer wanting to work in the industry: is PhD worth it?
What resolution (pixels/mm) should I use in SVGs for CNC
Can I inject plastic in a RTV mould?
Is "pitch diameter" the same as the distance between the centers?
How to determine which size of screw needed?
When should anti-bursting reinforcement be used?
Direction of rotation of turbulent eddies in channel flow
Measuring the road surface quality
Why do bluetooth headsets get interference (choppy sound quality) outdoors?
On the proof of the Principle of Virtual Work
Draw the third view and the points on each view
Glass panel engineering at work
What are some different sealing methods?
Helium is leaking through manometer
Converting rotary motion to linear motion (door for sliding trash can)
Temperature Control on and Induction Cooktop
In what order turbojet engine parameters are calculated?
Flex sensor vs stretch sensor
cycle efficiency for (otto -diesel -dual) at constant Pr & Temp
How to measure a bearing temperature in a pump?
How to turn a photo receptive sensor into an emitter of light?
Determining the first moment of area (Q) when calculating the shear flow of a built up member
Sector determination of a nonlinearity and passivity
Plastic tensile bars for Tye testing
designing a flexible plate
Natural age hardening of aluminium 6082-t6
A 40MHz oscillator in usb wifi adapter
Why is WiFi increasing frequency?
DC Motors synchronization
What type of batteries are used in smart wristband?
Derive a heat equation for a shrinking nanoparticle
Pipe wall thickness and production tolerances
What are alternative to installing LTE / Cell Tower to address capacity issue?
Weather Station Gimbal Support
How to measure calories actually burned from exercise?
Sign convention in Mohr's circle
Can mercury escape undectectably from a CFL bulb? or does it have to shatter for the mercury to be liberated?
Lead calcuation for spiral bevel gear
permeation properties of concrete under surface treatment
Why manufacturers prefer Brass over Copper in electrical conductors?
From Single to Multiple Input (from SISO to MISO)
turbojet axial compressor: blades of HP compressor
Leakage detection system along the pipe
Selection of an isolation table
Number of layers in a laminated steel transplant, using Young's Modulus
Industrial Engineering Program
Good material for friction disk for a torque hinge?
Why is electrical energy most commonly stored in metal acid batteries?
Use of iron oxide as surface cleaning agent
How to convert Square FT (in.) to Square FT (ft)?
How does a laser printer write with light on the photosensitive drum?
Involute Gear Calculation
Possibility of buckling in non-slender member?
Motor MnM torque max weight can spin circular object
How to make wheel rotate slower in one direction than the other?
sign of moment in buckling of column
Can a signal below -176 dbm be decoded?
How the electronic circuit control laser diode?
Concerning siphoning water
Can I neglect kinetic energy when modeling convective heat transfer for viscous, low mach airflow? Why or why not?
How to remove potting material from an electronic package?
How can I modify a pair of two-way switches so that the circuit can also be opened or closed remotely using a device?
How should I position two shelf supports for the best distribution of load?
Formula for converting linear to rotational motion
Calculating power from torque
Sensor Fusion under translational movement
Which material is suitable to be fiiled in a thin-walled workpiece to increase the rigidity during the machining process?
What is someone talking about when they indicate a company is involved in assembling and sequencing of automobile wheels?
Can cyclonic separators be used to separate heavier and lighter gases?
Why is it impossible to create an observer for this not fully observable system?
Difference between strong, weak and differential forms?
How do I implement scientific experiment to derive a equation called Gerber Line?
Are "Imperial Eastman" compression connections sized the same as regular imperial connections?
Questions about helicopter rotors - conservation of angular momentum
Got to pour outdoor concrete next week, but forecast is cold. What are my options?
How can I draw Voronoi regions in curved surfaces in AutoCAD?
How can I reduce the computation time required to simulate a brain tissue penetration model?
Can we make significant energy from human waste?
How to select the correct grinding wheel type for precision grinding of tool steels?
calculate output $y(t)$ from $Y(z)$ having discrete closed loop model with sine input - residue method
Automatic siphon above max height
direction of shear flow to cancel out the moment
silicone injection molding - making a flexible ring
Do all airfoils have a lift curve slope of $2\pi$?
If I use clay tempering, can I take a thin piece of steel and make it hard as a very thick piece?
angle of twist / stress of thin wall having closed section
Is a gear usually held on a shaft friction or an adhesive?
pneumatic solenoid operation?
Is hardened steel better than tough steel?
Why do single speed RC cars use a gearbox?
Why can soda bottles withstand so much pressure?
Rectangular hollow section vs square hollow section
Does anybody have information on how to refurbish an old laser rod (alexandrite or Nd Yag)? )
Can pressure drops in a heat exchanger shell side be super low?
Turbulent Boundary Layer Thickness as Velocity Increases
Designing a Parallel Robot by Autocad
Measure stress of gas acting on a spherical container
angle of twist of gear relative to another
How do I build a dc generator at home for my presentaion?
angle of twist of gear relative to another gear
Can g(t) be integrated with respect to t? Been stuck on this one for a while
shear stress resisted by bolt
How do I build a miniature concrete house?
Realistic Value for the Rotational Inertia of a Gate
Vertical wind measurements
Critical Buckling Load for a Spring Supported Bar
What kind of materials are plastic syringes made from?
Is it possible to send ESC/POS commands to EPSON TM-T88IV Printer through Windows command line?
Display element coordinate system using Ansys Mechcanical APDL
Cooling an aluminium plate
How to calculate the start-up cost of a natural gas boiler
What is a void in CAD
How much weight can this stand hold?
IV drip/flow rate controller design
Optimal tightening torque for a SS screw on an aluminium threaded hole
Why use rectifier / inverter in locomotives?
CNC milling of large cutouts
How can I join a 1/2" motor shaft to a gearbox with a 14 mm input?
Difference between Serial-to-RJ45 adapter and Serial-to-Ethernet server
inertia referred to motor shaft
Building RF power meter
Are there diodes which can switch at multiple GHz speed?
Safety factor for pressurized container at 10 ATM
internal forces in truss
How powerful should a magnet be to be able to pick the cans from the floor?
Do fine and coarse screws have different diameters?
Flexural modulus for a beam fixed at one end
Calculating the moments due to reaction forces on a bent beam
Definitions of strength?
How this radio knob converting a rotation into a straight-linear motion?
Technical drawing for a part with complex (non-line, non-arc) geometry
Transfer pump suitable for air, water and their mixture
Make something that turns yet locked in place
Difference Latches and Flip-Flops
number of total reactions in a structure
On construction of a triangular interferometer like LISA
Countertop Span/sag Calculations
Generating electromagnetic signal using CPU clock
Definition of stiffness for structural dynamics: How would you find the stiffness of an unusual beam directly?
Why does a simple pin-ended triangular (arched/curved) beam deflect more due to secondary effects (non-linear analysis)?
Battery mAh ratings
Choosing significant figures when dealing with a wide range of values
Water distribution - sizing weir buildings
slope deflections method analysis of beam
Are thermal (LWIR) lenses as capable as visible-wavelength optics?
How to make a pulley system with a mechanical advantage of 0.5
How to I design a planetary gear with a gear ratio of 2:1 ( doubling the torque)
Peltier Module to warm hands?
Angle of rotation in fixed end of beam
How can I measure if water is flowing through a copper pipe?
How split-flap display rotates by exact angle
Units to use in this formula?
Is it Possible to Automatically Transform an Image of an Object into a Line Drawing in AutoCAD?
carry over factor in beam ( moment distribution )
Equation for Axial flow compressor blade/stator vein geometry?
Latches - Question regarding states
How does a cable-laying ship retrieve a partly-laid cable?
What actuators do the me-shifter gear shifting system uses?
What is the value of Nusselt number in laminar flow?
shear force in influence line of beam
What is the difference between a piston and a plunger compressor/pump?
How much time is needed to cut steel?
Equilibrium of a Rod with an Actuator
Long-term storage of a gas?
Are there ever job openings that say "Only M.S. degrees apply", and if so, will an M.Eng. still cut it?
Does the use of the catenary in an inverted weight model imply a more solid structure?
Linear force multiplication (or division) without hydraulics
What is the cost of heating of a 60k sqm building to 27 degrees celsius vs 20 degrees celsius?
Autodesk Suite vs SolidWorks comparison
Resistance measurement for electrically conductive textile sheet
How to accurately calculate the rpm from a gear train
Creating a rotating unit with the extended arms varying the trajectory in accordance to ODE's
What is the first moment area of a rounded rectangle?
Why are there so many types of screw head drives? Why aren't some strictly better than others?
Gear ratio and motor power
How to couple two pistons to a rotating shaft so that the piston heads move like this?
Can lightning rod cables crystalize?
How can one reliably prevent pedestrian access to a parking garage, but allow vehicular access?
How to make a mechanical elevator with rotation?
Strechable object that can transfer current
How many decibels does wind buffering reduce from ear muffs protection?
How should I position two shelf supports for the minimum deflection?
Sensitivity analysis: How do I perform the adjoint method?
Spades used in pressure testing PE Pipe lines
Why do baseball pitching machines have wheels stacked instead of side by side?
Need help with interpreting units of kinetics data in a scientific paper
Vehicle load factor discrepancies
What do they call that elegant triangular scaffolding often used in future-oriented architecture?
replace support in qualitative influence line analysis
How to lift a roof using no electricity?
How to focus the flashlight of a smartphone?
Is activated sludge process efficient for industrial waste water treatment ? why if isn't?
qualitative influence line of pinned support
Planned power outage and backup generator
Connection for beam very close to concrete wall
absolute max shear and moment
Is analog|digital different from continuous|discrete?
What type of control does the TCP protocol offer?
Boundary conditions for Stream function-Vorticity method
What happens if one pumps from municipal water supply during power outage?
How do LED traffic light diffusion lenses work?
Aluminium plate being used in an AUV
How to estimate the physical parameters of 40% Cu + 60% Mo alloy?
Design for CNC -cut sheet+bolt connection
Boat Hull Drag in Shallow Water
Vertical Linear Actuator Sway Movement
External indeterminate vs internal indeterminate
finding real force in trusses
Conjugate beam (M/EI)
Question about IP Ratings
Can the phrases “carbon fibre reinforced polymer composites” (CFRP) and “carbon fibre-epoxy composites” be used interchangeably?
Ambient helium level monitoring
Why do we ignore horizontal reactions at roller supports?
Does the ultimate tensile strength of a material have a physical meaning?
Eccentricity for staggered 2x4 wal
stiffness factor for member in beam
How does a pulley (with friction) satisfy equilibrium?
Will standard M5 T-slot nuts fit these different 2020 aluminium extrusions?
Why is high stagnation pressure important for propulsion?
How to make a lazy susan 'lift'?
Cutting silicon samples with plastic thin films
Speed estimation with absolute encoder
Is my procedure applicable to make a room soundproof?
Generating power from fruit
Nonlinear observer of an unknown variation state
What is the logic to solve this cantilever problem?
Which components to use for a CO2 gas storage?
How to calculate the required airflow to dry a batch of sawdust?
How are protective sheets attached to plastics?
Speed control of a BLDCM at low speed
How do Cogs and belts work? / Cogs and belts in an ICAS exam
Electrical Resistance of molten aluminium oxide
How would the axial force in a rod of a doubly-built in structure be determined?
PT1 Filter without Derivative
Epicyclic Gear Train
How to generate NACA 5 digit airfoil coordinates?
Poisson ratio boundary condition
Is there a (sort of inverse security) valve which opens if one connected side has a pressure below a certain value?
max shear act on point
Deformation of a fixed-fixed beam with perfectly plastic yield stresses
Calculating the force and/or torque required to pivot an arm from one end
Can I increase pressure on the output side of a backstop/security valve?
What is the name for a bolt hole with a slot that allows the bolt to be inserted or removed when the nut is loose?
Can you postcure epoxy composites outside the mold?
Where is the contact point between screw spindle teeth and nut teeth?
Safety of suspended (drop) clay ceiling tiles
absolute shear occur at support?
What is the physical interpretation of the eigenvalues of the stiffness matrix in the finite element method?
some kind of gearbox for driving a removable shaft; is there a name for it?
Model-based Ziegler-Nichols tuning of a hover PID controller
What loads does the safety factor apply for?
Can the speed of a falling object be regulated using gears?
How is it possible electromagnets keep a heavy maglev train levitating without forcing anything metallic to be flinged away?
Is there any hardware to use in GPR applications?
Machine that can paint a bulk of small objects all over
Why does the stress-strain curve decrease?
How many controllers of output or state are available?
Characteristic dimension for combining free and forced convection?
Steel Continuous Beam Structural Diagram
Vibration characterization: how to convert acceleration noise density to displacement pk-pk value?
Animated light box signs
How does 4G know the reception of a voice call?
Acoustic absorption of different materials? (gypsum board versus plaster)
What sort of plastic is this? What would you call this color scheme?
Are there any negative aspects to using baseband frequencies in radar systems?
Why do some high speed trains have long noses, while others do not?
using a coil for an electrochemical reaction
Low cost, compact cable strain relief for laser cut sandwich case
Possible values of grating constant
Internal teeth involute gear pitch circles
Why is it easier to run an STA on a CPLD than an FPGA?
Stable liquid pressure
How to decode radio thermometer / hygrometer bytes to floats?
How could an MGA's frame/chassis best be improved?
Why use two tower cranes on one construction site?
Measuring motor vibrations
mechanical Strength of 3D printed part
How much does the elasticity (Young's Modulus) of concrete and asphalt change with ambient temperature?
Composite vs metal gearing
What happens to the voltage?
Calculating Required Motor Power for Robot
Rules of thumb for sizing an air pump piston?
Measurement of grinding wheel waviness
Assessment of a concrete beam being strengthened by an additional steel member
How to calculate saturated steam flow rates?
Water valve for over 120C temperature
Max horizontal momentary load of vertical steel tube
What factors are needed to be taken into account when building a vending machine?
Is it better to throw used domestic cooking oil in toilet or within the garbage?
why do we consider the external pressure when calculating the boundary work
Is the efficiency of a reciprocating air compressor constant for all allowable values of Pressure?
How would I calculate a force on a spring? Or more specifically the weight of an object that spring is supporting
How to compute the mass and max speed of a ball moving on a circular track under the influence of gravity and a spring
Need help solving for PSIG
Uneven split of amperage from battery
How to Make an Object Able to be Screwed In/Out With a Sideways Knob
Torsional Constant of Thin-Walled Multi-Cell Structures
How to determine heat exchanger equation?
How do folding barriers work?
Does solidworks store license and user information inside files?
Convergence problem in polymer - silicon structural analysis
Does a spillway failure have different consequences versus dam failure?
Percent Increase vs. Factor By Which Something Increases
How to simulate Ground Penetrating Radar system?
Can Schotkky diodes rectify signals of GHz frequency?
What rare earth metal is used in exhaust pipes?
Propane rocket nozzle material
Does the decrease in speed of the train at the curvature changes the properties of Speed Time Curve Of Urban Service
Spring-like device with anisotropic k value
CNC engraving single line fonts
How much ductile can be the MAX phases?
How to calculate flow rate of viscous fluids through a funnel-shaped needle?
Rate of Cooling of a Black "Polymer" Handgun
How to Build waterless non composting toilets?
Is there any plastic film material stronger than Mylar?
Effects of center of gravity very close to rear wheels of a car
Adhesion energy vs force
Finding downward force of lever bar
Force required to rotate an object on a plane - moment of inertia?
Thickness of a 3d print general purpose plastic/PLA 230 V ~ isolator?
Milling aramid composites produces unwanted fuzz at surface
How to get mass normalized mode shapes?
What is the lightest known metal?
Why was Freon used in spray cans before it was declared a threat to ozone?
Strength optimization of a hollow cylinder
What's the name of the white lubricant that children's toys often use?
Multi Ratio Current Transformers
Switching speed of a (nano) transistor
Boiling Point, Pressure and Distillation
What's the definition of concept of inversion in architecture? Can you also give some example for this and explanation?
Rubber band Powered Free Flight Helicopter
Custom heavy guage machine table to support dryer
How to design a cooling chimney for a computer server?
Can combined cycle turbines be small enough for trains?
Largest possible navigable blimp
What is the "tl" unit of weight measurement?
What is the pressure to secure certain temperature?
How to build a pivot linkage for a robot.
Involute gear curve when root diameter falls below base diameter
Could an air compressor be used to compress steam?
Name or type of these connectors
Can a water-pump pump diesel?
Light bulbs with highest energy efficiency
Multiphase-Electrostatic ANSYS Workbench
What is the principle behind electric hoists having two load capacities?
Open Channel Flow with no slope
What is the opposite of an uninterruptible power supply called?
Equipment or method for borehole
Forward and Inverse Kinematics of PUMA 560
Uniform linear movement to uniform rotary movement
Can Voyager 1 or 2, theoretically, return to earth if given instructions before their electronic instruments shut down in 2025?
How to see through an opaque mask?
Are Scientific Calculators are still current?
Square wave transfer function?
Is it possible to make commercial (or not) IC´s with FPGA?
Design op-amp circuit from transfer function?
ansys workbech structural- difference between pressure and surface force application
Why do bikes have different sized tires?
Tool fixture and holding
How might I see through a completely solid plate of steel worn as a mask?
Mating a round surface with a flat surface
How and WHY does the tension in an arch dam or bridge change as the degree of curvature and radius of curvature change?
Small oxygen tanks
What's the name of position-setting spring clips used in plumbing?
Having to build an apparatus, trying to show the concept
What is the real CO2 emission for cars? 1g/km or >100g/km?
Finding the diameter of a material using tension stiffness and Young's Modulus
Using a PID to control rotation
How do they get more signals simultaneously inside a node of a neural network?
How does the second Motor operate in this diagram?
How does this obviously fake but convincing perpetual machine work?
Two dimensional plasticity with radial return
Is a 3 Hz beat frequency from my neighbor's HVAC a sign of a malfunction?
Find the differential equation to the closed-loop system
If I need a very small heat engine, should I consider external combustion?
Impact energy absorption with objects of varying geometry
How to determine the work using volume and pressure in an adiabatic process?
Why do tower cranes have gear shifts?
Is it a good idea to start any engine once in a while?
What are reasons to use cutting speeds different from recommended?
Calculating discharge on the pipe diameter and the pressure?
What is this indicator called?
How to scale airfoil coordinates to achieve the required size?
What is the difference between turbo wastegate and variable geometry turbo?
How to design CAD bevel gears from known outside diameter?
Design of transverse reinforcement in a wide beam
Is twisted belt configuration a good practice?
Accessing parameters in HEX file (ECU program) using A2L file
What are the reasons that engine efficiency drops in low loads?
Evaluate my electric tricycle project
Using a controller for a simple heating system
Need to generate mechanical vibrations for experiment in ISS
Moment Of Inertia Specifications AISC
Can someone explain my this sentence about feedback systems?
Where is the source of the high pressure oxygen supply system in this spacecraft life support system?
Can you use the kinetic energy of air to power a car?
How does Work behave in two different refrigeration setup?
How to calculate hydropower in kW without water head
1 to 1 planetary gear
How many batteries can I charge and how long would it take?
The finite step response of a system pole at the origin is unbounded, how is this critically stable?
Best insulation material for pipes @ 500℃
Distribution of shear stress in beam bending
Drawing conclusions about 3d truss from 2d model
modelling truss in ANSYS
Rotational Motion Kinematics - Not sure how to fix axis of rotation
Hydraulic pump choice - which produces most force
Ideal op amp circuit with variable voltage gain, how do I calculate the current?
Difference between static water level and water table level
How to go from a Lagrangian to an Eulerian description of the velocity of a particle
Determine shear flow direction in profile/beam section
Can ultrasonic sound pass through solid medium?
What is the proper screwdriver for a M2 counter-sunk hex screw?
What is the significance of curvature in the arm of a streetlight?
Stall Torque of a DC Motor Less than Theoretical Values
Actual chip size of Atmel ATtiny20
Is it possible to look at exposed chip and know the components and the circuit involved?
How to calculate effective strain in plane stress?
What would be needed to make a tesla fastest car in the world?
How to simulate the Natural Frequencies of a Planetary Gearbox?
How to get natural frequencies from accelerometer measurements?
What area should I use when calculating induced voltage?
Fictional AB-Type flip-flop
How to display an adiabatic boundary condition in a diagram?
Defining camera as a passive radar
What are the Singular Values of a dynamic system and how are they calculated in the *sigma* function in Matlab?
Improving PMMA adhesion on Gallium Arsenide wafer pieces
Difference between seat belts
When heating a house, does the water flow slowly decrease as the difference in temperatures approaches 0?
Pade approximations for state space systems
Improvised weighing machine from broomstick and 1kg counterweight
mounting a transducer under a polycarbonate jar for fluid level detection
Matlab code for a visible light communication system
Two storey brick building without using wood or steel
Name of a keel between the bilge keel and the main keel
Why do corrugations give strength to pipes?
What is the smallest flaw that can be detected by ultrasonic technology?
Is the oldham coupling homokinetic?
Draw the FBD of the entire frame, assuming that friction and the weights of the members are negligible. How many unknowns appear on this FBD?
How much is too much control valve cycling?
How do I configure g-simple so it does not use G81 code?
What is the difference between FEA and CFD?
What makes crosshead bearings hard to lubricate?
Can coating tungsten to stop oxidation?
Rocket to slow freefall
What is the formula for deflection of an end-loaded cantilever rod beam?
Normal and tangential stresses
How can I change a turning lathe's spindle o-ring?
Converting a light switch to a Boolean toggle switch
Precision measurement of liquid level in a tank which is continuously opened and closed
Belt is to thick for my snowblower, how to thin or leave?
How to test connectivity between wire and piezo-ceramic transducer
Transfer Function of Spring-Damper System
Flanged connection studbolt length calculation
Does kevlar (composite materials ) have elasticity?
Slack time in critical path method
Peak flow calculation using rainfall data
Roskam book uses Eulero motion eq. and mass continuity eq. to find speed of sound but (in my opinion) not in a coherent use (about density variation)
How to pump same amount of paste every time?
What is the theory that makes this method work when dynamically balancing this system
Radioactive Materials to Energy AT HOME
What do actually control engineers do?
Matlab Polynomial Curve Fitting with Known Relationship
can a new foundation be dug alongside an existing house with a deep foundation without compromising the structural integrity of the existing house?
Explaination for a stepwise load displacement curve
Non-Clutch Vehicle Drivetrain - How Does it Work?
transformation of orthotropic materials
Multiphase Flow - Energy Coupling Parameter
Why use non-dimensional coefficients?
Water vacuum evaporation thermodynamics
Is there an equivalent to the 'equal' constraint from solidworks in fusion 360?
What manufacturing process is suited for production of the elastomer strip?
How to determine how much energy recovered from regenerative braking
Calculating a derivative in a loop?
Compound gear system: Finding velocity
Why does a radiator valve require more torque after a few turns?
How to calculate indeterminacy of pin-jointed frame?
Is it possible to detect specific UVB wavelength ranges using just a UVM-30A UV sensor or similar
Aluminium Beam - is it fit for purpose? Can it easily support this load?
Roskam assumptions in order to calculate speed of sound formula, need explanation
How to remove a 'mesh edit' item in ANSYS Workbench?
What does multiplicity of a multiple natural frequency mean?
Synthesis of 5 bar mechanism
Electrical flowchart in Microsoft Visio : issues
How to reverse the direction of rotational movement on the same axis?
Glass Facade Load on edge of slab?
How to distribute moment from Lateral Load Method (Static Analysis IBC for example) to Each shear wall individually?
Why are coils used to generate magnetic fields
What is the Gear Transmission Error and How would a Signal Analysis look?
What are the principles (if there are any) behind the conservation of bending moment in frame analysis?
What does natural frequencies with multiplicities m=1,2 or n mean?
Measuring the temperature of gasoline while conducting experiments over a temperature range
How to find tributary area for a column when I have a transfer slab?
What is Experimental and Operational MODAL ANAYLIS?
Vibration of annular sector plate
Cylinder position and speed control
Diffusion in one dimension
How to determine gradient of load/extension graph?
AC induction motor
cut section method in truss
How can I build and maintain an accurate pressure on a fuel line without using a fuel pump?
why does sae increment by .0312
What should I take Live Load and Sustained Dead Load for Parking and Technical Floors?
Circular tube stress loading
Split phase on industrial devices
How does ATM determine the card is inserted the right side?
What is the physical meaning of Cumulative Passing% in Grain Size distribution?
Best way to maintain flow of fluid under head?
Tuning PID Controller
What is this contraption?
Eiffel Bridge Design
Sending SMS using car horn
Why does Experimental Modal Analysis need a reference signal?
Why does flow seperation cause low pressure zone?
Modelling a DC motor
Electric motor power needed to move an scissor jack?
Structural mechanics - computing bending moment
Moving part of my object along the z-axis
Steel plate thickness for load
What's the name for a kind of gear that slips tightly over the top of another gear and can drive the gear it's surrounding?
Find additional heating and cooling needed by having a specific wall
Machine design tip over safety requirement?
Deviation of Ideal Rankine Cycle from Actual Rankine Cycle
"Bicycle model" in vehicle dynamics
How to find reaction forces in trusses?
Why is the truss member between two fixed supports zero?
Fluid mechanics- Force required to keep the gate closed
How can I kill the sound as much as possible in a rounded box? Acoustic panels/other option?
Trying to determine the name of a filter set up
Analytical solution for wall eigenvalue analysis
Calculating the gas constant of saturated moist air
How to make stick change angle after pressure is added?
Solid versus strategically hollow
Logistic regression in LabVIEW
Stretching material accurately with a machine
Can we make engineering grade paper mache by improving on the paper?
How to do a calculation on levelling?
cut section method
Are abandoned nuclear smoke stacks strong enough to be filled with water (for pumped storage)?
Carnot cicle problem
Diffuse uniform LED back lighting
Punching Shear in Slab?
Calculation of Activity Coefficient Model parameters
To Which distance Punching Shear Reinforcement is placed in Mat Foundation?
Does a Mechanical equivalent of an Integrator exist
Simulation of motion, collision, friction and thermal expansion in 3D
Is Fusion 360 compatible with SolidWorks?
How to measure signal period with Arduino?
Why are automotive brakes set inside the wheels, and not on the axles?
Is there a way to make water rise from 1'st to 2'nd floor?
What must the ideal sampling rate be, to sample an input in regards to PLC's?
Inverse kinematics solutions pros and cons
Why are rail signals overbuilt compared to road signals?
Difference between surface loading rate and surface overflow rate of sedimentation tanks
Vacuum vessel at 10mbar with a diaphragm pump: do I need a venting valve?
How does water sink works?
How do gimbals affect gyros?
Shaft to swap direction of rotation
4 Way Bugatti Tug of War
Creating a "pinhole" small enough to allow only one molecule to pass through
Net water pressure in pipes
Ackerman Conundrum
What is smallest distance you can reliably move an object?
How thick of an oxide might form on a cast zinc part?
Could a reciprocating engine be powered by electric arc instead of combustion?
why is the auto ignition temperature of petrol is more than the diesel even though petrol is more volatile than diesel?
what is the actual meaning, role and aim of $p_0$, $V_{a_0}$ and $V_c$ for Mach-meter?
Reason of Using exactly 5 Wheel Studs per Wheel
How to draw isometric view of this shape?
How to design a vacuum climbing robot
What is the best thin/light material to kill/absorb sound? Sorbothane?
Principle of Virtual Work vs Castigliano's (Second) Theorem
What mechanism can make a shaft rotate in steps
Can Dynamic Base shear be greater than Static Base shear?
Extract information about zeros of system from step response
How to transition from battery to USB in a microcontroller?
Hand thread taps for stainless steel
Hugoniot Equations and Impact Pressure
Is it possible to read a USB port directly?
Mechanically increasing RPM of ac induction motor
Gear train with rack and pinion
How to calculate force required to open a door on a horizontal hinge
Arduino CNC - which vacuum pump?
validity of adiabatic equation
Decreasing the circumference of a generator shaft
Reaction force on a beam
Anyway of converting this to outputting digital readings?
Transmission for electric motor
Sum of forces in frame
How does oxygen pump works?
What are the numbers on the other side of vernier caliper
Reaction forces in a structure
choice of steel plate for simple application
External FEA confirmation
Relation Between Distributed Load and Shear
How to split mercury with a magnetic force?
How does electricity flow through this kind of vacuum tube?
In simple pendulum problem, how to change Initial boundary conditions polar into cartesian coordinate
X Axis Sign Convention for Axially-Loaded Rods
Velocity of Fluid Flow
How to create a clear bill of materials list?
How to create a buffer along a curve in Rhinoceros 5?
Heat Transfer From Resistance Element to Metal Component
Derivation: Entropy of Vaporisation using Redlich-Kwong EoS
Is the current on the terminals of an opened circuit is zero?
Why does the Ultimaker 3D Printer has a Heater + Heater transfer plate (aluminium) + Glass?
In internal combustion engines, what determines when soft or hard gaskets are used?
Which coating best exploits "darker when wet" phenomena
Advice on suitability of corner joints in welded frame
How do I perform RM scheduling?
How to calculate filament deflection and force applied to teeth by toothbrush bristles?
How do brass models work (radar)?
Equation of motion for 2-link arm
Increasing speed and efficiency of ac induction motor
How the COP differs for a Vapor Compression Chiller without the U*A values of Evaporator/Condenser?
Terzaghi's Equation with more than one column
Has anyone achieved significant energy savings by increasing the cooling setpoints in retrofit office buildings, in practice?
Crack Growth in Elastomers
Deceptional Pitot Tube
Power assist mechanism for double pendulum?
Why Taylor's microscale gives us information about the smallest scales of the flow?
Check valve in compressed air pipe network?
Pressure sensors - gauge vs unidirectional differential
What casued periodic waviness in the sidewalls of this tunnel?
Do cars that automatically turn off engines at idle save any significant fuel?
How were 90 degree angles made?
I need clarification on how pressure is measured
Measuring vessel pressure scenario
Comparing 2 shock scenarios with different magnitudes and times
Why do we remove (or reduce stiffness of) anti-roll bars from the front side to prevent under-steering?
Can I use a PIR sensor on a home made sonar?
Validation of Lightweight Chassis (measuring deflection of structures/strain gauging)
Calculate torque for a cam
Pouring aluminum into another block of Aluminum
Designing a pin connection
J2 orbit propagation problem in MATLAB (solver instability)
Magnetohydrodynamics, ionizing combustion exhaust then converting its kinetic energy to electricity
How I can compute cutting processes with continuum mechanics?
2 Parameter Margules derivation
Heat load calculations with heated air changes
Why do fuel injected supercars still backfire?
Residual Stress Theory
Minimal realization of a MISO system
What is the equivalent of ip rating for mechanical protection?
How can multiple rotational joints be locked with one mechanism?
Building a simple DC motor
What is the maximum efficiency of a mechanical electric generator?
Load conversion for geotech problem
What type of air blower/compressor to use?
Rate of flow of liquid nitrogen from a static tank through an orifice in a submerged vessel
RFID vs. Bluetooth vs. Wifi beacon
How to do section classification for a plate or flat bar?
Change of fluid of Pump
Calculating the radius of a hole for a desired outflow rate
Circuit designing?
penetration of rolled homogeneous steel, issues with finding the joules required to punch through
Is it possible that a considerably thicker portion of slab would decrease the moment capacity of a raft slab
Collapsable Water Tank
fixed end moment
Titanium for Automotive
Does increasing the number of pipeline stages increase the throughput of the pipeline?
Deep out-of-order buffers
Can a wireless signal of sufficiently high energy damage a wireless transceiver?
How much does human tissue attenuate radio frequency signal of a given frequency?
How land clearing would be done in this theoretical situation?
i have problem with cartesian coordinates pendulum EOM in matlab
Theory on tangential acceleration
Units for rotational impedance
Expressing Derivative of Cable Tension Component
Effect of arc welding on nearby electronic devices
Rigid Body Rotations and Engineering Strain
Thrust generated by a ship
Calculating gain of an overall system. Analogue electronics
Placement of a refractory wall excess temperature sensor?
Cost Value of Changing appliances that run on 240 down to 120
How wasn't Thames Tunnel flooded during construction?
What is the stiffness modifiers for a prestressed slab?
Will water level of remain level between two points
Why not use Sodium Hydroxide mist to precipitate carbon dioxide from hydrocarbon combustion exhaust
How to water seal a metal plate into the wall of a plastic water tank?
Industrial applications of vector calculus
What is the most efficient way to ionize air?
Standard name for "retargeting" behaviour in motor controller
will a force with same frequency as natural frequency make system resonance (in multi-dof)?
Shear Stress Formula
What is proper name of shaped shaft ends for ensuring their mutual position?
Do we need to use cracked section in Fundamental period calculation for a building?
why fixed end moment in beam confusion
Why not use fire-retardant plastics everywhere?
Air flowrate required for testing a pneumatic cylinder?
Plot variation in heave v/s speed v/s change in mass in one graph?
Feedback on idea for a power station
Pressure distribution on an inclined plate
How do you increase the horsepower of an electric motor?
How to determine fixed end moment in beam?
What is the difference between Ordinary reinforced concrete shear walls and special reinforced concrete shear walls?
Reynolds Number
Use car starter as motor
Does gear diametral pitch have to be an integer? (teeth/diameter)
Is the viscosity solution of Hamilton-Jacobi equation of practical use in optimal control?
shear on a beam element
Can a cellulose sponge be used as an actuator to shut off flow of water temporarily?
Send sensor signals to WiFi network
Comparisons of multiplier circuits
Does the turbine outlet affect the power generated by the turbine ?
Medieval wooden screw press tonnage
round vs hexagon
How to make an arduino pick an individual plant seed?
Design of Compound Elliptical Concentrator and Compound Parabolic Concentrator
Improving efficiency in automobileIC Engines
Moments of inertia, rods mechanism
Load per deflection of springs
Inert gas use during HVAC line installation
Are there reversed rotation direction in generators (as back EMF in MOTORS)?
At What height do we splice vertical bars in Columns and Shear walls?
Fluid Statics Problem
Do we need to check punching shear when a drop beam is connecting columns?
What is the opposite of "parallel" in engineering?
What is the minimum diameter for vertical bars in a column according to ACI?
Effect of magnetic field on electronic components
is a cylindrical pylon just as sturdy as a cubical one of the same volume?
Why do train cars have unevenly spaced axles?
Atmospheric Break
how to release specific degree of freedom in ANSYS Workbench?
Finding Source of Heating Rate Equation
How to size proper Transformer (3phase quesiton)
How do I hook these components together to get my desired functionality?
Is there a specific name for diagonally braced truss members like those on the Queensboro Bridge?
PED or DSP for mechatronic student
Does a transformer use power when devices aren't attached?
What is the best resolution obtainable by ultrasonic non destructive testing?
Can graphene really be made in a modest lab at home?
What is the difference between mechatronics and robotics, if any?
Disadvantages of wire cut cnc edm
How to determine materials and torque for a flat setscrew that won't loosen, slip, or mar
Is there a torsion test in rocks?
Which one is preferable? Multiple layers of reinforcements or one layer of reinforcement?
Darcy-Weisbach Equation
How can a car can be lifted using hydraulic press?(Pascal's Law)
Find transfer function from step response and root locus?
Why does secondary flow occur?
Why not skip inverters and use solar power directly as dc?
Chicken feeder design and valve
How to find the reaction forces, moments and the displacement of the fixed beam with a link?
Ice accretion on Structures in Canada
How to calculate the power/torque/force needed to move a 4 wheeled vehicle?
What is the thickness criteria to consider a beam with changing thickness Continuous?
Creating flange from 3D surface
Why is pressure head ignored in open channel flow?
How to model a planetary gear system with transformation matrices?
How to calculate monosymmetry index of an unequal angle?
How is the detailing of the intersection between two RC beams perpendicular to each other?
How to compare dynamic systems of different degree of abstraction?
How to edit content center data (Inventor 2018)?
Static Pressure of non-ducted fan
What are a few low-cost options for building linkages?
How the connection is between a Hollow core slab and an embedded beam?
Heat exchanger design guidance
Which case is used to check Drift and P-delta for a building subject to seismic forces?
What is the inuition behind the radiation view factor reciprocity?
Why do some semiconductor devices have a minimum voltage requirement?
Center line of cut-off periodic signal
Translating the name of a type of beam from Russian to English
3D Transformation Between Two Cartesian Coordinate Systems Using Euler Angles
Tangential forces on the boundary in Abaqus
How can the shear capacity of a concrete slab be determined for effective depths under 200mm? [Eurocodes]
Definition of the "specific material removal rate"?
Importing a time-temperature list into Ansys Fluent for simulation
How to find properties of supercritical CO2 as a working fluid in a system
Does good electrical conductivity imply good thermal conductivity?
What "Soft PLC" platforms are there out there
What are the general consideration for tendon profile in a post tension slab?
Acoustic transmission through houseboat hulls
Extracting power from fusion?
Tug of war robot w/ max torque
How heatseekers change their course?
Transmission of rotational power across a waterproof boundary
volume comparison of compressed air and gas duster
How feasible is a 200km long tube with no curvature?
Hydraulic System design help/ directional valves
Determing the optimal dimensions for hydrocyclone water/sediment separation
Servo drive gear placement relative to the body
How to specify the quickest movement a human can do based on MTM standards?
dSpace overrun issue
Moving carbon nanotube in a magnetic field
What technologies prevent drones from being as efficient as birds?
Cement-Filled 6" PVC Bollard
Two angular velocities on two segments connected by a hinge joint differ only by the joint angle velocity
Required clearance for moving part (Push Button)
Design a trolley with four casters
How does the demapping/demultiplexing of transport channels to logical channels work?
Equation for finding the thickness of material required for tubes under radial stress
Can a small pump be good for atomizing
How to measure the air pressure of a pipe without having water resistant sensor
Using electromagnetic induction to fire a neuron
Can buckling failure at the first critical load be avoided by "instantaneous" loading?
Pressure-volume relation of thin-walled shell
Calculating Thrust for Contra-Rotating Propellers
Tensile Test Necking Location
Why not design a Wind Turbine like an Anemometer?
How is it that when the DJI Mavic Pro is unfolded, the extension and propellor locks into place?
Replacing PID with Lead–lag compensator?
How do I measure vibration of a moving object?
Is there any material that blocks a static magnetic field?
Internal differences between latching solenoid and Stepper Motor
The air conditioner mechanism
Short sample in a 4-point bending test ( ASTM C 393 )
Worm to worm gear to worm gear
Makeup Air Gas Burner
Anomaly in viscous force - vs - velocity relationships
How to find strain in an inclined member of a struss
compare l/min output of CO2 pressure reducer to bar (compressed air)
Air Conditioners: Compressor Explosions?
A question on mechanical failure
Melting point of a thin copper wire
Bearings for a contra rotating tubes
Mass flow rate (air and steam) through a cylindrical pipe
What's the point of draft in sand casting
Two-way pulley system considering inertia of pulleys
Plastic Vacuum Cleaner Part -- Why did they design it this way?
Graphene distribution over a sphere
Darcy to SI permeation units
equivalent full hours of heating equipment
What exactly is the sample period?
Is it necessary to consider temperature effect on waling?
How to machine a metal shaft that cannot be turned on a lathe
Control Systems: Why is this system unstable?
Pouring copper onto another copper block
Measurement of static pressure
Interpreting roots of a cubic EOS with 3 phases (VLLE)
How are gyroscopes used for motion control?
Estimating Potential Flow through a pipe, from tanks to outlet
How to design a precision (small) axle?
Two GPS receivers on one antenna?
Longitudinal impact of steel rod on a steel plate to verify the contact duration
Burst pressure of a sphere
Find transfer function from bode diagram?
How to measure electro-mechanical coupling?
Are there standard terms that correspond to the anatomical axes, planes, and directions?
Why would the flow go horizantally not vertically in the tube?
How to strengthen an I beam
Cutting Small Stars From Sheet Metal
How to find maximum acceptable deflection?
Prototyping disposable protective tong sleeves - materials?
Power from piezo material
Wing as cantilever beam (beam-rod) model for aeroelasticity fluttering analysis
How to provide conditional locking to drawers?
Finding Transfer Function between specific points
What is the maximum frequency of an AC current?
Are there any variable frequency drives that work digitally?
Why is the normal stress assumed to be 0 in plane stress?
Gear design for symmetrical opening of two parts
How they put heavy cranes on top of the building?
What shear strengthening schemes are available for an I beam?
Significance of the Sommerfeld number
Batteries AA - industrial R6 vs normal LR6
Structural Frame Real World Deflection
How to calculate principal moment of inertia of an unequal angle?
Balancing Locomotive Power
Can we see a nanowire?
transient heat losses approximation, closed chamber
Setting up a centrifugal pump with a piston pump in parallel
How to Measure Air Flow in a Large Tunnel at Various Different Points?
How do we specify among a shim, spacer, and washer?
Asymettric stiffness matrix for a generator-gearbox-turbine system
Charging a Li-po battery (battery output current)
Flow rate into a reactor from feed
How does a windshield wiper work?
How do mechanical keyboard switch mechanisms relate to the force graphs?
Fat hexagonal M3 nuts, with outer diameter greater than 6 mm
Electric field of a hemisphere
Minimum base current for transistor amplifier
Current calculation
How to convert *.3OXZ CAD files to *.STL?
Euler buckling formula,triangular structure
Toy ball check valve functionality and details
Will drilling a hole in a pane of glass reduce it's structural integrity?
Liquid vs. gas check valves
Is there an standard description for deformation at each point on a body?
Tubing for explosive gas or hydrogen transfer
Steel : is Damascus steel still relevant compared to modern alloys?
General purpose automated assembly?
How to remove unwanted line from 2d trimming?
Work hardening?
Best software for 3D modeling and simulation semiconductors?
Electric motor bore sizing problem
Building Uplift due to water pressure
How to duplicate measurements from one piece of material to another?
Why do car-seats have an expiration date?
What is the name of this mechanism
Would friction forces impact a torque measurement transmitted through a gear box
Mat foundation Reinforcement with 3 layers
How to calculate external pressure resistance in spheres and cylinders?
Budget abrasive for vibration polishing
Difference between gas combustion engine and gas turbine?
Motor needed for large scale disco ball!
Why do electric trains arc at high speeds?
Considerations for planet carrier design
What is this plumbing apparatus?
Reed played by the wind
Shape with highest difference of Drag Coefficients on opposite sides
What ramping constraints for gas plant - CCGT, combustion and steam turbine?
Bored Pile construction Procedures When having Water in the ground
Help with a simple calculation of the required mass for a counter-weight for a horizontal hatch
When is a PE seal required?
Transformers in parallel/series
why does the body have an no angular acceleration if the applied force passes the center of mass?
Why are 4-stroke diesel engines preferred in new developments?
Device that emits a safe beam of light - doesn't have to be visible (Like laser, but safer)
Does engineering require extensive math?
Type of brazing torch / gas that would be appropriate?
How can we derive the formula of the centroid?
How to deal with rotation of an element in theory of elasticity?
What does “tempered water” exactly mean and how does it help cool the air?
What is a safe soil load to avoid settlement?
What's wrong with transporting a refrigerator on its side?
What material properties matter when selecting a material to withstand a specific pressure (as a sealed tank)?
Understanding a Caterpillar Excavator Recomendation for Increasing Life
How much noise does a road noise barrier block?
Calculate the relative pulling force as function of size for neodymium magnets
What is a good non-combustible oil to be used in air compression regenerative braking/energy storage system for cars, buses, and trucks?
How do you calculate the Enthalpy of a geothermal resource?
How To Deal With Hinges In Statically Indeterminate Structures?
Peltier effect Asymmetrical perforance
How to make epoxy resins dissipate static charge
Can an electric motor use reciprocating pistons like an internal combustion engine does?
How does friction help a car to turn?
Can different analog and mixed signal devices be combined on a single chip
How to make factory machine hard disk drive more durable? How much its estimate life span?
Part load definition with respect to hydraulics
How is a shear pad of remote compliance device formed?
Why does India have more than 1 MCC (Mobile Country Code)?
Is there a name for a structure/building technique comprising three arches that share a central column?
How to determine the region in a state plane where the equilibrium state is asymptotically stable
Steel surface welding with high-frequency current
Ungrounded Tower - Lightning Damage
How do you calculate the measurements for an hourglass?
Should sum of all joint reactions be zero when nodal displacement is applied?
What is the formal term/process for writing down a design?
Will including spring inside the swivel hooks used in duffel/messanger bags help?
Is it possible to apply different boundary conditions on the same model for different load cases?
Inventor parts that move in sub-assembly won't move in main assembly
Test UV protection on sunglasses
Top View,Front View,Left view and right view help
CUF v/s PLF of power plants
Making a machine from scratch
Which plastics dissolve in petroleum?
Axial force in threaded axis
Chart that describes how full the pond is
How to convert 7.62cm linear motion to 150-180° rotary motion
Can I mig weld to my skateboard truck? How can I test if it's weldable?
Advantages of quadruple motor electric car
What is the correct type of stainless steel for transporting argon gas?
Stress Analysis on a Bogie Frame Structure using ANSYS
How to calculate the lateral bending capacity of a laced strut?
dSPACE compiler linker error -- fscanf undefined
How would an electromagnet function within an MRI?
What type of tires and wheels do I need to make a PVC beach cart?
Worm Drive Calculation
What is the bending moment formula for continuously supported beam of equal span?
Why do we dig holes and fill them in with concrete?
Does a joist have to lay "thin side" down?
Best format to plot vibration data?
How to calculate bending of shell
Nyquist plot - what is the meaning of circles with dB values on complex plane
Why does the Compressor Fan for an Air Conditioner need a Starter Capacitor?
House / home external skin for heat shield materials
How to tune a PID for a pure integrator system?
How to analyse a beam considering P-delta effect?
Is the trigger of a drill a potentiometer?
How to get a brighter, sharper image from a projector lens
I need to determine the RPM of a rotating cylinder over which a silk thread is wound and is moving along in the fashion of a screw.
Is there a lighter-than-air foam material?
Health Hazard from leaching?
Tangential nozzle on vessel - weld preparation
Calculating water content of a tank given humidity?
Are ponds always dug?
RULA upper arm angle
Torque and Speed of a DC Motor with Pulleys and Wheels
How do I refute this WTC argument?
How to Calculate the Minimum Radius a Rod Can Can Be Bent Staying in the Elastic Range?
Does the order of the states in a state vector matter?
Plate rolling - Hot or Cold rolled plate stainless steel
How to make screws stay tight under high vibration?
DOE to optimize a chemical reaction with impurity forming in series
mean fatigue strength
How To Mount a Large Diameter Tire To A Smaller Diameter Axle?
Length of a seconds pendulum
Trailer tongue weight
Wind resistance inside turbulent flow ("prop wash")
How to calculate if a motor is fast AND strong (torque) enough?
Is it possible to make very large diamonds using a pressure vessel at several GigaPascal pressure?
Why is friction force is not considered as centripetal force?
Specification of linear speed dampers
Choosing the best type of portable cord for a consumer electronics product
Ceiling or table fan better
How to prevent a cable going off a caster wheel pulley?
Chloride corrosion of carbon steel pipe
How to stop DC-motor with heavy weight from moving?
Chemical engineering thermodynamics
Why are CO2 analyzers much more expensive that CO detectors?
Particle shape of powders
How to manufacture parts with complex air channels inside?
Part to "increase" the diameter of a small shaft, what is is called?
Angular Velocity of motor shaft as function of Angular Position
Audio frequency sweep spectrogram artifacts... hints?
Maximum shear force of metric steel bolt
How can I generate smoke (or mist) that leaves no residue?
Choice of transfer function in a system where the controller adapts to give the intended behavior
How do I represent equations of motion of a dynamic system in State Space?
Tower crane with lift (elevator)
2 SPDT relays as motor driver, flyback diodes
Is a metal Prince Rupert's drop possible?
Measuring moisture in walls remotely
Creating a custom field output in ABAQUS
air resistor decreasing resistance over fixed time
How do elevators stop at the exact landing spot when reaching a particular floor?
Spinning a balanced load with DC motor
Why is the spin velocity of a gear irrelevant if perfectly balanced?
Calculating load on planetary gear from driving torque
Sheet metal working. Making a flange
Tightest bend radius of circular acrylic rod light pipe for total internal reflection
Which Generator is "Better": DC or AC?
Unachievable motions because of singular Jacobian
Steady state approximation for compressible fluid flow (manifolds and other pressure vessels)
Help me find a paper/textbook on axial compressor in turboshaft engine
How can I determine pressure inside contained cylinder when heat is added?
Monorails - why even have them?
Determining damping ratio empirically?
PID tuning of a classic voltage controlled three-phase rectifier
Pulley system for lifting device
Why aren't modern pistons circular?
Transparent material which could withstand high temperatures
Difference between Variable Speed Compressor and Variable Speed Condenser(Fan controlled)?
Is evaporative cooling for a pool effective?
List of materials (almost) satisfying the Cauchy relations in each symmetry class in linear elasticity
Triple point storage in space travel
What valve to use to divert incoming air from a pipe to another pipe stream?
Pre-Defined Numbers to be used in Sizing Mechanical Parts
How is sandpaper grit size (the FEPA number system) defined?
How are single tube bicycles prevented from collapsing?
Should we use ELF or ULF for very deep metal detection and which specific frequency?
Axial compressor - change of temperature not proportional to number of blades and their geometrical properties?
What is the deflection of planet-ring Gear Mesh along the pressure line and the position of the Plant gear?
Maximizing radiator cooling while minimizing fan noise
O-Ring vs flat washer for air seal
Elevator standby + moving passanger , electricity consumption changes
Round beam deflection under its own weight
Advice for designing internal structure of glider wing
Can a water pressure switch be used as a low-water cutoff means for a steam boiler?
Measuring flow of polyol with ultrasonic flow meter
solution of system of coupled partial differential equations
Read holes schematic drawing notation. How to? Particular case
Will deodorant flamethrower ever explode?
Rotary Screw Air Compressor
Can the hysteresis phenomenon be considered as a (type of) friction
How to measure velocity of hot gas ( temperature range: 100 - 450 ºC)?
Shaft Spline Information
Can a thing resonate whilst exposed to white noise?
Is it possible to cook with low power PV systems (under 300 W)
Measuring Helix Angle
Do gears make an electric motor bike more efficient?
How is the energy production of solar and wind compared with the prospect of nuclear fusion?
Looking for elegant ways to divert airflow
What is the difference between a strain wave gearing and a Harmonic drive?
Dynamics of Mass in Epitrochoidal Motion via Ringless Planetary Gear System
Combining critical speeds for a shaft of variable cross-section
Affect of Cast in Pipes in a 1m thick Raft Slab on shear
Designing bulk material handling system for injection molding
New electrical engineer seeking advice on electrical design for hotel!
What's the maximum water jet psi we can create?
Hydraulic Arm - Handbrake
Beam stiffness matrix with sliding end release in arbitrary angle
Help finding a thixotropic suspension with specific properties
Identifying a connected plate on a gear liquid-metering pump
How to quickly equalize pressure in a low pressure container?
How can traffic signal controllers handle multiple conflicting preemption requests of equal priority without dropping one?
Estimating wind velocity behind a wind turbine
Thermodynamic, ideal gas problem
Oil refinery pipeline direct to gas stations
How do I build a water Ram Pump that will pump 400 feet and 30 feet vertically
Sizing the air duct that comes after a fan
What lining design holds better for a tunnel? Spiral lining or cylindrical lining?
How to do a pressure drop or saltation velocity calculation on pneumatically conveyed solids in slug flow?
How to design a rotating base?
How to integrate ∫vᵢ(uᵢ² + vᵢ²)dA in calculating monosymmetry index of an angle?
convert foot pounds of torque on a nut to sideways tons of press
Proper way to power/use a vacuum cylinder?
How do markers, blocks, and parts work in MSC Adams?
Most efficient airflow pattern to cool a recessed shelf
Why only the spectrum range of radio waves can be reflected from atmospheric layers while higher ranges (Infrared-Visible Light-Ultraviolet) can't?
Elastic bands vs Spring Steel?
How to compute the performance of a refrigerant?
Reinforcing beam and slab with correct steel bar structure
Is torque produced at the crank of an engine lower than at the wheels?
Equivalent Force: Hydraulic rams in H frame machine press
Is it likely that a 3d printer will ever be able to print a copy of itself?
Why is it generally assumed that the evaporator works isothermally?
How to use failure criteria in isotropic material (NASTRAN)
RTC interface with PIC16F877A
Calculating heat transfer in a cooling loop
how can I improve my chain-drive lifting system?
O-Ring Selection for a round rectangle groove
How do you call a map that shows the characteristics of a train tunnel (3D) in paper (2D)?
How do you get a closed vessel to >90,000 psi internal pressure
Shift Concrete Column by few inches
What's the difference of using different state-space forms for solving eigenvalue problem?
What is the difference between pipe section, hot-finished, and cold formed circular hollow section?
Windproof open doors room design
Source of a load torque
How to convert ton force to pound force, manual pellet press
Correlating relative humidity outside and inside an enclosure
Copper recycling process
Compression and check valves
How to determine motor needed for water pump
Why didn't the Fukushima turbine supply electricity to the residual heat removal system?
A rule of thumb when assuming ideal gas
How do you use an insulation jacket's R-value for calculating heat transfer from a hot water tank?
Best flow rates of gas and liquid for a specific absorber
Why downlink frequency is greater than uplink frequency in mobile communications?
Strategies for cable vibration: eigenvalues are suitable?
System curve for use in determining pump operating point
Structural Analysis Conundrum
Controlled demolition of a sky scraper?
Bode Plot Stability Criteria
What is the Thickness of JIS Standard Pipe
Achieving a "Soft" open mechanism
redundant links in a mechanism
Trouble shooting a DIY USB Feedthrough
Heat switch material
Do I need to worry about increase in temperature/pressure in ultrasound cleaner?
How to convert to date axis in excel?
Filtering Long-duration Signal
What is the importance of pitch ratio? And why is the value different for different aircrafts?
How much would a regular sized oil rig type platform cost to build?
Force limits for gear rack and pinion gear
Would a large dome structure prevent widespread effects of nuclear plant explosions?
How to increase the sensitivity range of MQ3 Alcohol sensor?
Is there a specific term for the car loops at an airport?
Custom cavity for speaker system?
How to generate a NACA 6-Series Airfoil analytically?
Why adding alloy elements in a steel for increasing tempering temperature while keeping the same hardnes and ductility?
What controls the gain in a BJT amplifier, and why does this circuit have a gain of unity?
How can I *more accurately* measure the weight of a hanging bottle?
Why to avoid low and high fluid velocities in hydraulic systems
How can I produce two 180-degree intermittent rotations with a Geneva drive?
Holonomic constraint forces using Lagrange multipliers
Fluid dynamics right angle air duct
Determining change of object over time ( diameter )
In what context is 50 threads per inch common?
Why does a vehicle under crosswind need corrective steering?
Dry steering in cars
Where to start when studying Architectural Engineering by myself?
What action does a 3 axis gyro stabiliser do to stabilise the drone?
Most effective heat transfer in a vertical pipe with small top/bottom temperature difference?
How to measure above 100K RPM?
Physical Significance
Marginal Planetary Gear Set
Optical methods for reaction engineering
Solidworks Flow Simulation the Rotation option missing
How does a single pivot side-pull caliper bicycle brake work?
How to determine if a part in an assembly keeps the same when mirrored in solidworks
Is there a way to construct a self-centering axle?
Could a magnetic audio tape recorder/player be made using a vibrating permanent magnet?
Heat Loss in Typical House
Will this straw feeder work?
How to design planetary gears?
Mohr's Circle explanation in detail in simple languagr
planetary gear(s) : possible or not?
Eliminating lateral motion in a pair of 4-bar mechanisms
How to implement a Monte Carlo Simulation for studying uncertainty in dynamic stiffness?
Structural engineering: Would I need a beam for this?
Difference between the tailboard and boot lid.
Calibration curve of an instrument
How can I accurately measure the actuation force of small buttons (<1cm diameter) using home equipment?
Can the pitch circle of a gear be farther out than the intersection point of the involutes on opposite sides of a tooth?
Force Required to Lift a WEIGHT of 1Kg
Accurately measure the distance from chest to back
Good or bad (AC Split compressor input with cold freon)
Variational Problem of slow steady flow of viscuous fluid in 2D
Determining gas properties in a steam and air gas mixture
What is Saint Venant Principle?
O-ring compressive force
Low power, large weight sensor needed
Calculating piston force for pneumatic vs hydraulic
Is radians dimensionless quantity?
How do I denote someone weight
Temperature of a material in a furnace
Instrumented Bolt - Conversion of measure strain/stress to clamping force
Industry standard factor of safety for ballast design
Aluminum sliding mechanism clamping
How do I calculate the temperature change inside a box with a heat source? What if I ventilate the box?
Looking for program and file format for CNC Milling
Need help to understand why something tips over and how to prevent it
Undamped forced vibration for a multi dof system
Effect of Moment on Excavator arm
What are the disadvantages of free-flow intersections?
How to decide initial size increment in Abaqus Dynamic Implicit?
How to have multiple copies of the same component all with different colours in Solidworks?
Wiring old speakers
Autocad - multipage drawing with all content in the same model space
How to drain large tank using pump without starving pump?
Mounting a timing pulley on a ball screw shaft
Laser Cutting backing material instead of grid?
Which types of steel would be most appropriate for blunt cutting weaponry on a combat robot?
Is tunnel boring considered groundworks?
Projected area in hoop's stress structural mechanics
How to calculate the Jacobi of electron/hole continuity equations for semiconductors with respect to potential when applying Newton's method?
Which drawer design can hold more weight?
What is expected back pressure at a constant flow rate?
Moment of force or torque
How to measure the pressure inside a bottle rocket?
Thermistor - Steinhart-Hart Coefficients
Is it possible to measure x & y displacement components with a single point (out-of-plane) vibrometer?
Does the resistance of a curved rod to compression depend on the number of curves?
Failure in torsion
Is it possible to make AR500 steel at home by just melting its components and applying appropriate heat treatment?
Governing emissivity
How to calculate time taken for an electric shower to reach set temperature
Could car waste heat be used to lower drag?
Determination of a Joukowski airfoil chord (demonstration)
ft-lbs to ft-lbs3 or newtons as well as strength of metal
Can PWM be used to control the flow of a solenoid valve?
Tower design engineering drawing
What is the most accurate geometry to represent earth
I would like to run a smartphone using a primary battery instead of rechargeable for a project. What are the 4 contacts used for on the factory LiPo?
Rigid tensioner/turnbuckle: One side tightens, but the other side loosens
moment of inertia forces and torque
Mechanisms to convert linear motion to rotation
Difference in flow measurements in an open channel
Difference between partial derivatives and derivatives in physics
Retaining Wall: Saturated Soil & Hydrostatic Pressure
What should a road's traffic volume to justify the number of lanes?
How does a Y connection in a 3 phase motor create 230V without a neutral/ground
Advice on simple spark ignition system
How thick do I need to make the insulation in my homemade furnace?
Why is the wheel lug count on vehicles increasing over time?
Pipe diameter, Flow Rate, Pressure & Velocity for water
What software is used for drawing dynamic & mechanical diagrams?
Bushing and Shaft Alignment
Rotating four cylinders with one motor/actuator
Maximum torsion shear stress in cylinder
Nonlinear simulation in ANSYS workbench
Why does the yield strength of steel go up if I reduce the thickness of the specimen?
Industry standard dimensions for a 5-gallon water cooler?
Could Internal Ionisation Engine be a description of electric cars?
polar moment of inertia for compound shape
Hole diameter vs Screw Diameter
Why did the Plexiglass on the Bathyscaphe Trieste crack?
Is possible for a silt soil to be compacted hard as a rock?
How does infill material affects the capacity of a tubular section with H-section inside?
Why complex functions are used to represent some passive components in an electric circuits?
When are Nyloc nuts indicated instead of cap nuts?
How can I calculate field strength of a Neodymium Ring magnet at an angle?
Is there a need to consider the moment generated by horizontal water pressure in a pool?
I Say To myself:"I Am An Engineer!"...How Do I Arrive At That Point?
A Question of Coaxial Rotors and Lift
How is brick size decided?
How borewell pump works? does water stays in pipe after stop?
Problem finding temperature gain of air through heated glass tube
Designing a Voltage Divider
Most efficient/low power consumption way to pump water
How can I use the bending stiffness of corrugated cardboard to determine maximum stacking heights of pallets loaded with glass bottles?
What is the starting/stopping sequence of a traffic light
DLX assembly synthax
Can a casio fx series do this operation?
ASCE 7-10, Fluid load factor for basic combinations for strength and allowable stress design
Is radius of gyration same for both types of moment of inertia?
Is there a 5% range CO sensor with a response rate higher than 1Hz?
Ballscrew screw flat area
Free Distillation
Rotation of aircraft's body-frame
Why was the challenger deep so small?
What's the slowest airflow speed a ramjet could work?
Equilibrium condition in a cart on a inclined plane
What is the name of the vertical lines in groundwork plans
What is Design Element in the context of asset management
Historical data for using supervised learning algorithm in the field of Mechanical Engineering
Effective radius of a tire and rolling resistance based on information on velocity and tire pressure
Question about color filters for a liquid crystal display
Engine capacity and number of cylinders
Estimate PSI from pipe diameter and GPM
Solving truss using method of joints
Applications of simple spring harmonic oscillator
Computing strain in beams
What is this linear movement mechanism called?
Reducing air flow speed without much backpressure
Layout of a controller for controlling a water pump
Increasing the stiffnes of a structure by adding stiffener, but at the same time reducing main surface thickness
Drying a air-tight container
Mounting a pcb at a different angle than mold direction
What materials that can contain water and ultrasound wave can go through
General formula for calculating torsional and warping constants of built-up section
Do triangular/area coordinates offer computational advantages for numerically integrated triangles?
Tolerance on bolt major diameters
Material thickness to withstand Pressure
What is the difference between NPT and pipe diameter?
Equal power transmission in 4x4 vehicles?
How Single Link Flexible Manipulator Controller controls the vibration of the link tip?
Is it possible to create a sub-surface pond?
Determine the reactions at A and C, knowing that α = 30º
what college level teaches mechanical linkage design?
How are tunnels dug from two endpoints joined?
For a flow driven by a pump between 2 parallel, stationary plates, why is the shear force vertical and is there positive and negative shear force?
Which type of electric motor I need?
Why do the lights dim when I turn on a mitre saw?
Epoxy curing, heat or no heat?
How to quickly design and simulate crank based mechanisms?
Material Properties of ABS
Planetary gearing
Finding the force in a cable of a rigid system
Does excitation matter in a time-domain simulation/computation of a transfer function of an LTI system?
Mechanical Engineering- Modeling contact in Abaqus
relationship between nozzle radius and sound produced
LQR vs. Numerical Optimal Control
What's the name and purpose of this specific shape of hollows in a reinforced concrete slab?
Stepper on high-RPM shaft
How to measure force against skin?
CFM needed to ventilate a Ethereum mining rig?
Water supply system
Propeller design
What is the longest lasting modern building material?
Stiffness Tensor in Two Dimensions
Angular Contact Bearing Dynamic Loading
Measuring Current In/Out of Resistors
Derivation on torque required to raise load, isn't there a force disapearing?
Exponential stability under a global coordinate transformation
How to execute trajectory?
How are IFC file material relationships maintained across platforms
How to make a cyclorotor?
Suspended Shelf Problem
Does an electric vehicle going downhill recover energy?
Not getting accurate readings from my multimeter
AISC 360 vs AISC 341
Thermal Conductivity
How the sizing of electric motor is done for a electric vehicle?
Time constant - formula
What will remain constant during the circulation of working substance in a refrigerating machine?
Given Pitch and Roll in one Heading, convert to co-planar pitch and roll for North
Relationship between Material cost and Labor cost
What causes shear force?
Maximum Tensile strength confusion
Linear Guidance law into X-Y axis
Modal Testing and Frequency Response Interpretation
Natural gas boiler Vs. Electric Heater efficiency
AC power fluctuation microwave oven
What is the explanation why Pulse and Glide is more energy-efficient for trains
Keeping rpm stable with input of floating rpm
Confusing symbol in led labeling: How to Obtaining precision with hobby electronics?
Why is longitudinal slip necessary for car to be able to move?
How to calculate and common capacity factors for gas power plants
Force required to open a door of volume lxbxh and weight w
Simulink analysis of data parallel to generation
Force in a member of the loaded overhead sign truss
Difference between maximum shear stress and absolute shear stress
drive/driven gears
Isn't a pin support supposed to prevent translation both horizontally and vertically?
Calculate shear stress unit conversions
Filename standards and spacing
building a clock with a rotating face
How to calculate the diameter of a transmission shaft from RPM & Torque
Racking design question
How to estimate cooling time of pipe due to inner flow (instationary heat transfer)
Simulate Dust Layer on PV Cell?
What is the twisting rate to reduce capacitance load on DC power transmission line?
Plugging a 25A device (Welder) on 10A house plug
Antenna reception problem
Are there high torque stepper motors with rear and front mount availabe on the market
Force P required to slide the door if one of the wheel becomes frozen
Car which can climb the ramp of higher inclination
Can homogeneous temperature assumption derive no heat transfer? If yes, why?
Why are toilets not equipped with exhaust air vents?
Normal force between two boards
Stress-resistant, elastic materials
Nitinol FEA using Advanced Simulation NX
Dimension of the unidirectional mechanical clutch
Why are the support reactions of the two pin-connected members different?
Surprisingly Low Efficiency of Compound Machine [Project Help]
Thermal Conductivity of a Layered Composite
Engineering formula to relate engine displacement and power
For the machine element shown, locate the X, Y and Z coordinate of the center of gravity
Locate the centroid of the plane area shown
High pressure water pumps filling a container. How long does it take to obtain P pressure?
Is displacement the most important factor in determining a motorcycle engine's overall performance?
Why are corporate printers so large?
Is current suppose to pass through a capacitors dielectric? What happens if it does?
how to solve internal hinge problem with loading given on hinge
How does gear reduction affect a stepper motor's holding torque?
Window mounted split air conditioner
Why do trains not have a high-friction emergency braking system?
Circular keyways - advantages / disadvantages?
Why does the minimum force have to be parallel to the incline?
Heat Exchanger Design- Cooling a gas mixture
Tau max value in torsion calculation
Calculating stress from elementary tension and bending formulas
Shear stress derivative in polar/cylindrical coordinates
Microphone angled waterproofing
Principle Directions of a Stress Tensor
can we run rotary compressor of Air conditioner with different frequency level?
How to calculate scarf ratio or lap overlap for composites?
Fluid-dynamics question: proper term
Why aren't Steel Prefab Buildings common for residential use?
When were airfoil cross-sections first used in turbine blades?
Determining Reynolds number
can we run rotary compressor of Air conditioner with different frequency level ?
Gear Design - Teeth Fit
Can I Calculate The Discharge of a Capacitor If All I know Is Algebra
How do I call this "cogwheel" that feeds tin cans to a specific position?
PID control for UAV
Intuitive explanation for why doubling max speed is proportional to eightfold power
Tunnel at depth problem
Use of ceramics in internal combustion engines - why and why not?
Beam-to-Column-Stiffness ratio
Managing water supply pressure to a building
home-made pultruded components?
Rapid acceleration and deceleration of Space X's BFR
Brake pad materials for use against an aluminium surface
Internal load in cremona diagram
Is there something that can expand to 12 times it's size on the x & y axis (not concerned about the z), and can still return to it's original shape?
Is there a drill adaptor or attachment tool for cut a metal solid cylinder
How to choose reference signal in a state space model?
Why is there a spring balance in the mechanical equivalent of heat apparatus
What types of oil reservoirs are applicable to radio/microwave heating and advantageous to SAGD?
Use two gear racks to multiply linear motion
How can I absorb shock on an existing steel structure?
hydraulic diameter
Block Diagram using Integrator (Linear Systems Theory - Hespanha)
HELP Please! Depth of member
How may I design a centrifugal fan?
What is this structure in a park
Is it safe to stand on a toilet bowl?
Coconut Climbing Machine Ideas
Relation between density and viscosity
How to solve system's general stability from transfer function?
Proving Kelvin’s Circulation theorem
Equilibrium of forces in 2d plane, find angle alpha and w
Calculating gyro data from accelerometer, pitch, roll and yaw
Maximum Carbon content on the surface of Mild Steel that is Pack Carburized
An Argument from Kelvin’s Circulation Theorem
Resistance spot welding multiple metal thinknesses
Marching Voxel FEA Mesh
Why do we use linear transformation of states in linear control technique
Can a Plasma Cutter use for melt metals?
How did the snifting valve in Newcomen's steam engine work?
Is the pressure of the gas identical to the static pressure of the liquid in the diagram?
Is it possible to "add" suspension systems?
What program to implement mathematical models?
Iron Prince Rupert's drop
Units for vibration measurements
What is the exact meaning of "static and dynamic torque"?
Use Fiber microscope to view micron sized particles
Terminology: Flexible protrusion for a latch
Why don't most consumer vehicles use kinetic energy recovery systems?
Maximum slope of the road for a car pulling a trailer
Theater Build Help
What are the calculations required to design transmission system for an Electric Kart ( i.e Go Kart)?
How to center the potentiometer of a 9g micro servo without using a servo tester?
Can I use a threaded bolt to support a ball bearing?
Computing winch maximum line pull (torque vs lift capacity)
Six-Wheeled Mousetrap Car [Concept]
Why are aircraft carriers so expensive to build?
What is API class in subsea torque tools?
I am looking for some basic mechanical parts to build structures(prototypes)?
How do jets/airplane cold start?
What paint to use for laser engraved (aircraft and not only) panels with backlighting
Writing a User Defined Function for Ansys Fluent
Cannot Create Centerline between 2 Holes in Solidworks Drawing
What's this mystery symbol on a manufactured machine?
What considerations should I take when flame-hardening a wheel?
Valve first,then heat exchanger OR heat exchanger first then valve
Batteries for electric airplanes
What is this drawing style that faces the x-y plane but stylisticly pulls the z axis down and to the left?
How to backfill vacuum chamber with low pressure gas
How to fix sheared flats on a pulley?
Cooling a small high-power device
Can you detect the operation of a wireless radio (or other wavelength) receiver?
For a bridge/beam, how will the Young's modulus affect the susceptibility of it buckling?
Pump like solenoid but more powerful?
Engineering mechanics of cutting blades
Development of an interstellar mission: should I design the propulsion system or the main hull of the ship first?
How dangerous are these new rail guns on the U.S. Navy ships?
PV diagram from cubic equation of state
Ethics in an interview
Polycarbonate as a short-term cryo-tank?
Coefficient of Drag (Cd) Question
Behavior of materials on application of tension
Supporting a Chain While Its Size is Varied
Experimental method to determine the centre of mass for 3D object
Rotation of Fluid in a Cylinder
Detergency and dispersancy
Is the term "invert level" applicable as the "floor" of a pressure pipe or the bottom of the trench?
Can I improve this exhaust gas probe to be immune to pressure changes?
Significant figures
How to detect whether a bus is in motion or not
How can I power a driveshaft while also allowing it to freely spin when not under power?
What does an E in a circle after a diameter mean?
Plane Strain in Anisotropic Materials
Operation of Fruit Blender-Mixer
Could a Fuel Breathing Engine Rather Than an Oxidizer Breathing Engine Work?
Indicate continuous background process in flowchart
Is there a way to determine the colour information of light emitted from an LED?
Calculating horizontal force exerted on a wall by a panel
Does temperature affect the colour of the light emitted by an LED?
possibility for hydraulic accumulator with no moving parts?
Does the speed of Heavy Vehicles make more potholes
"The monofilament wire has a tensile strength of 18 kg" What does this mean?
methods of propulsion of hydrogen plasma
Does oil actually "attract" dirt?
Control power to a tungsten filament?
Torque Required to rotate a horizontal drum/cylinder with material inside
Moment and Torque at a Single Point
Simple mass spring damping system sizing K, and C factors
How can I determine pressure leakage in a pneumatic system?
What would be the disadvantage if any to placing evaporator casement beneath furnace for central forced air HVAC sustem?
Why servomotor has such low torque compared with stepper motors?
Driving many parallel shafts from one motor
How to determine the compressor power in a refrigeration system?
How much does a wall stop sound?
Is there a pressure relief mechanism that operates faster than sound in a material?
Compressed air energy storage?
Isentropic Flow and Conservation of Mass
When a valve under pressure is closed and creates a seperate cavity. What happens to the pressure in the seperate cavity?Will it leak out over time?
Why do pumped storage hydroelectric facilities use bent pipes?
Type 2 servo velocity tracking
How does an industrial engineer develop a process?
Pressure measurement problem
Device to balance water pressure
How to use VBA on Aspen Hysys?
How to derive deformation gradient or displacement gradient?
How does Electric arc welding compared to gas welding?
Chemical engineering calculations - basis
What is this "johnson controls" device on the wall in airport?
Modelling Convection in Fluent
How can I calculate how much weight can lift my stepper motor?
How to integrate 7 segment display with ULN2003?
Conveyor Truss Analysis Problem with loading
Winding a wire heating element after a few uses
Automatic translation of either-sided rotation to fixed directions?
Thermal efficiency affected by hertz (Gas turbine)
Designing of a tissue stretching device using a linear actuator
Most efficient fillet design given an envelope (for stress)
Hydrostatic force on inclined immersed surface
Adjusting the pressure of the condenser and the evaporator
Nylon brittleness as function of moisture content
Methane Gas Density in Adiabatic Compressible Flow
Cutting flattened out "threads" to prevent small-scale slipping
How to prevent ice build up in a refrigerator?
Can a hobby gearbox be used to mechanically amplify small forces for better force sensor resolution?
How to build a transparent double hollow helix at home
Included angle in a semicircle
Calculating the force produced by acoustic levitation
Best types of valves for dirty services
Low bandwidth electronic filter
Smallest capacitor in size
Type of hinge I should use
Using linear actuator in the limited space
Simple and easy Open Source CAD tools for basic 2D and 3D designs
Heat released by gas mixtures that undergo constant pressure cooling
is it possible to achieve 1000C temperature in a cabin?
Sheet Metal Bending: stuck on calculating the minimum radius required
Are brass and copper utensils safe for humans to eat from?
Types of articulation
What is the hardware called that can step a lever N degrees upon manual force?
Can adding stationary bades after an axial ducted fan increase efficiency?
What's the difference between critical load and yield stress, and failure in general?
Gap between the two frequencies in FSK
How to consider shear forces in CEB/fib 2010 three-layer model for concrete slab design?
How to vary the force output of a motor while stalled?
What is an unstructured mathematical model?
help in calculation of motor torque
Simulating linear momentum/KE through angular momentum/KE
Selection of copper alloy for electrical and wear applications
How much power does a stepper motor draw when holding weight?
Silent circular motion with resistance
Why conduct experiment for load distribution within three triangulated structural frameworks when you can calculate theoretically
How to obtain an homogeneous mixture of 10 000 tons of minerals, each one in a different pile?
Pivot joint of pendulum with no yaw
Is a mechanism similar to a bendy-straw ever used to change the direction of a rotation in engineering?
mechanics of materials Mohr
Metal detectors for medical applications
Why do electric cars claim "instant torque?"
Narrowest bandwidth RF filter
Heat balance in a pipe flow network
What exactly is a proportionality?
Plot zero-pole from frequency response matrix
Temperature vs Material Properties - ABS
Determining brushed DC motor inertia for modeling a motor
Is zycosil good to cracks of 1mm?
Humidity in home is much higher than outside
Why does net positive suction head (NSPH) include velocity head?
Types of welding (Shaft)
How to select a smartphone IR camera for VOC monitoring
Quantifying Static Electricity Hazard with High Explosives
Plastic Hinge by Skyciv
Torque needed to keep a wheel spinning at high RPM
Have there been/is there a scale about the difficulty of a ground for using a pickaxe?
Determine force distribution from a bolt pattern
Help with mechanical drawing?
How to raise a pole with a handcrank and have it lock in place?
What type of supports exists for ballscrews or leadscews?
RF receivers without clock
How do I attach an electric motor to a trailer wheel?
Default multiview projection schemes
Which materials can be used to make permanent casting molds for cast iron?
What is a good method (equation) for locally refining a 1D grid at each end?
Gears and rotation
Why is graphlite so strong in tension?
How do you create multiple configurations of an assembly quickly in Solidworks?
How to calculate a global strain from a field disitribution
modeling tracking servo
Control Variations in a Measurement (Temperature Sensor)
Percentage error in calculated Forces during simple structural analysis for a truss pin-jointed strucures
Check of a nominaly pinned steel joint
Do high votlage transmission lines disturb other electrical devices?
Welding and risk of electric shock
Column Buckling: Which is more useful to plot; Buckling Load vs Slender Ratio, or, Stress vs Slender Ratio
Does attic insulation help cool a building?
Applying PWM to get analog button
When does window insulation have more impact than attic?
How to uninstall SIMATIC STEP 7-Micro/WIN V4.0.8.06?
Help with two-port network parameters problem!
How to calculate Reynolds in rectangular pipe
Change material properties of elements in named selection in Ansys workbench using APDL commands
How to use more CPU cores in SpaceClaim?
How to power and transport air to a small hover car track
Why is desert sand not processed to make it suitable for concrete?
Collecting Rainwater off a Domestic Roof for Flushing Toilets
Connecting gypsum plaster pieces without space between them
GD&T for Multiple Surfaces as Single Feature
What is this device?
How to avoid a Contatct penetration in ansys
How to avoid oxidation of Si using a sub nanometer layer
Anti-Squat Force Transmission
Bicycle pump connector thread size
Material resistant to higher temperatures and damage
Can you perceive similar kind of "humanizing" of technology in other fields of engineering than computer science?
Is there any option other than a gas welder
Correct term for non-countersunk flat hex screw/ bolt?
Energy balance for a system
Why do herringbone/double-helical gears have a stable and unstable configuration?
How is "16.7 million colors" in a display calculated?
Why is North considered the reference direction in Surveying?
What does this equation mean?
Is it possible to use a vehicles own carbon emissions to shield it from wind drag?
How to accurately measure mass flow through server vents using an anemometer
Cascaded PID loop and parallel PID loop
What is the advantage of statically indeterminate structures?
Can Ansys import parameters
3D construction
Machine design problem
when is an inclined force analysed?
Balancing a horizontol flat surface when weight applied to one side
What filter is this?
Making precise, intricate measurements
Motor for Toy Cars
Why diesel engines are considered steady torque engines?
Temperature distribution
Iris mechanism nomenclature - need help to enable better search results
Why did Jersey barrier bridge rails become the dominant type of highway bridge rail?
LED controller to control individual RGB diodes remotely?
Can I replace terminal weight with an even stricter matrix yet ensuring stability?
Damascus steel etching
Difference in shear stress - one bolt vs two
How do we define the durability as per density?
Laplace Equation -- Heated Plate -- Heat Flux Boundary Condition
Illumination properties of black lights
How to structurally bind bamboo stems for loads?
consumer plastics that can take a bit of heat
How to measure airflow going through individual server vents
Established Patterns and Designs for Measuring Powder by Volume
Database of elastic constants
From an engineering point of view what are the downsides of a too accurate model?
Nusselt number for partially adiabatic tubes / rectangular ducts
Volume flow in a non-horizontal Venturi tube
How to calculate the required energy to heat water at high pressure?
Whats the purpose of a main metering system in a carburetor?
What is the purpose of a vacuum cleaner's bypass valve?
what's the max stress value ?
Creating Planes of Bubbles in Polymer Samples
How would a person be able to rebuild modern machining?
Practical low-tech real world method for measuring how much force to close a lid
Calculating Creep
Understanding some drawing notations
What is slippage velocity?
How to calculate the volume of water flowing out of a tank?
Type of electronic lock for a garage door?
Place a greenhouse: how to orient it for the best effect?
MIPS Assembly stalls and forwarding when a register's value isn't modified in previous step
How to support height extender on a rail?
Washing Machines vs. Mixers
How to calculate required air mass flow to keep CPU below certain temperature?
Eigenfreuency of beam
Clockwork Motor feasibility?
Shouldn't steam be compressed water in SAGD?
Building a machine from an ideal physics problem
Standard bicycle monorail design considerations
Small Signal OTA Circuit
Magnetic Entrapped Storage at 0 gravity
Why we don't use fillets while making buildings?
How to calculate the required thickness of a steel stiffener plate in a corbel/bracket
Discretise this transport equation
Does a moving positive charge generate a magnetic field?
Selection of correct DC gearmotor with given load
producing vibration motion of a plate (1cmx2cm) placed in water
Faraday cage to reduce EMI in audio amplifier
Automated valve for testing module
Why is there no heat-affected zone with water jet cutting?
How to combine ODE parameters values from several estimations?
Thin walled pressure vessel
The compressive stress in a material
Did this artist take some licence with the Royal Albert Bridge - or has its appearance changed?
What's the difference between aircon modes Auto, Sun, Snowflake?
vibrate a floating microbody
Light frame at tunnels and bridges
Temperature dependent electricity consumption of HVAC System
Understanding AutoCAD plugin files by Example
In an incremental nonlinear FE procedure does the material stiffness matrix need to be updated?
FM transmission over laser
How can I detect black spots?
EU EN standard 1822 vs US HEPA filters
Calculate the radius of iridium atom, given that Ir has an FFC crystal structure, a density of 22.4 g/cm3 and atomic weight of 192.2g/mol
Efficient Gearing to Climb a Rope Vertically
Why do diesel engines tend to have larger engine displacements?
What kind of positioning holding Hinges do Laptops & Notebook Computers use?
How can I connect a silicon hose with 2mm inner diameter to a smaller 1,9mm port
What is production tooling?
Where could I find, or what is a material that could be used with 30 GHz pulsed DC current to produce 30 GHz pulses of light?
Closure Pours having Differenial Elevation in Bridge Construction
Is there a generator that uses night and day this way?
Mass balance of a recycle stream
Oscillations in motor control systems
Where to learn programming for mechatronics and overall?
Push / Pull Steering on an axle
How much Ni-chrome wire is used in your average home electric heater?
Purpose and name of fine pitch marks on a cast metal part
Need help identifying component on hydraulic schematic
Rigid bumpers vs shock absorber bumpers
Calculating the link budget of antenna and receiver with free space-path-loss formula
Drawing best practice and datum self-referencing
How to calculate stopping distance with grade?
Deriving the amplitude of a coulomb (dry friction) damped spring
Is there any method to recycle air-pollution into fertilizer?
How to find out what a material is made of specifically?
What is the best heat and moisture resistant adhesive?
Are pumps used in geothermal systems
What happens, when the pump discharge velocity is faster than 3 m/s?
Calculating R-value from temperature differential
Deriving the First order response of a sensor
Pavement stage construction; reduction of Structual Properties
Actual amount of reinforcement gained by adding gusset to welded steel tube construction
Are 3d printed gears (ABS) suitable for long term use?
Structural Analyses of Trusses, method of joints
PID Gain Calculation
How maps of globe, country or region were created few decades/centuries ago when modern technology like today did not exists?
Why is it called "Model predictive control"?
Increase thrust of ion thruster?
Contact stress of bearing surfaces
In the image below,only 4 quadrants are mentioned but my intuition says there should be 8, please clarify me?
Adding an R2R Digital to analog converter inline with TRS connector
Deformation of two perpendicular beams with parabolic properties
Factor of safety with an angle
What is a "compression stop" for a tongue & groove joint?
How to model the inside of a server for CFD and thermal studies?
Why does the BlueROV2 have three clcokwise and three anti-clockwise propellers?
Is circular water cooling reliably more efficient than static air cooling?
Angles Measurement to control (move) a robotic arm
Industrial machinery and equipment
Plastic modulus
Can an antenna damage an iPhone?
Would it be physically possible for rotating tank armor to move in front of an incoming projectile fast enough to intercept?
Buoyancy force problem
Why are Whitworth threads angled at 55°?
selecting correct stepper motor to lift 5kg for Arduino project - newbie questions
What type of failure is this?
How to prevent screw from loosening?
Calculation of beams in flat roof structure
How can i move a 5000 lb object with 1500 pound towing capacity?
Find clutch for parallel hybrid sailboat
how can i improve a current engine by redesigning internals such as pistons , ...etc?
How to determine the degrees of freedom for ball and beam system such as shown in pic below
Insulator thermal resistance
Height limits of brick and mortar tower?
How to make a clamp for this motor to move it in two directions?
What are the disadvantages of PDDD controller
What is the difference between shaft power and brake power?
Which is the branch of engineering that deals with making gadgets?
Making complicated curves / surfaces in the real world accurately
What is the shelf life of HEPA filters?
Gypsum board damages(fire rated)
Center line to centerline of pivots for two 16 diametrical pitch gears. One gear 72 tooth other 36 tooth
What is the fraction of power transmitted to the generator in full-hybrid cars?
The differences between manipulated variables and control variables
Momentum of a free-floating body being hit by a projectile
Tires on ice underwater (AUV Design)
Does a column produce horizontal thrust?
construction joint in shear wall passing through vertical bar splices
What materials absorb water and release it steadily when compressed?
Beam support weight in motion
Drawing isometric from two orthographic views
Prolong frozen ground conditions (to trick fruit trees into flowering later)
How to make water go into my house, from a lake without energy?
LED color change in extreme cold
Does heat treating steel change its Thermal Expansion Coefficient?
What is the theoretical relationship between sound and mass with respect to the sound barrier as a max velocity?
How is sand blasting different from abrasive jet machining
Maximum Normal Stress From Mohr's Circle
An interpretation of the slope-deflection method (or displacement method)
Is it better to heat a heat pump evaporator or the load directly?
External Static Pressure on Open Gallery Fan
Why do drag race semi trucks slant to one side?
Calculate aperture size in plate where water falls on, at a certain water flow
Power in a continuous flow pump
Suggest a material which can produce heat with DC current
How much ballast is required in 110 mph winds to stabilize: a 60 lb., 20’ pole; 3' below ground/17’ above ground, with a 24lb. wind turbine atop it?
Second Moment of Area for slanted triangle?
What mechanism can make a wheel turn in discrete steps?
Aircraft carrier arresting cables
How can i obtain heat from conductive paint using dc current
How to calculate the gear ratio of planetary gear?
What is the axis of rotation of a turning car?
Retarding Force
Coating gold on to sunglasses lenses?
Why is this construction site pouring gravel over a wire mesh, and then covering it with dirt?
Do outer fillets|chamfers also reduce stress as inner ones do?
Z-axis auto adjusting fixture device
Can a hypoid bevel gear set have a 1:1 ratio?
Linearization of dynamic equations/transfer function in control theory
Weathering steel?
Does the Rim of a wheel handle all the compressive force?
What is the gray-body emissivity value of air
What causes Rolling Resistance?
How to strengthen existing masonry vaults and domes?
How does Hysteresis in tires helps create friction?
Heat Exchanger water to air temperatures
Advantages of a commuter train instead of a vehicle travelling in a straight road
Are spring constant and rate constant the same thing?
Tricks for controlling process with logaritmich characteristics over 20 orders of magnitude
Why is there a delay with railroad signals?
Why is the partial derivative of stress in the circumferential direction equal to zero in axial symmetric bodies?
Why do some cars have flow channels in their bodies to decrease drag?
Is there a way to distinguish between U.S. Customary and British Imperial volumetric units?
What changes can be made to a whistle to change these variables?
Dose rate through shielding from Co-60 to verify Monte Carlo result?
Screwing into Rubber - Screw Selection
Dc motors for controlling wheels of a wheelchair
What limits the speed of a car?
How to design a shelving unit out of McMaster Carr Struts?
Do mechanical engineering students learn to use shop equipment?
Multilayered Bearing Spinner
Which frame is optimal for children's bicycle trailers? tubular or rectangular frame and why?
why doesn't soda go flat immediately after opening?
Which Whistle Type works with the lowest PSI?
Whistle Design - Optimizing sound initiation pressure and volume
Water pump location
How Can I Determine Multiple Discharges from a Pipe Network? (Knowing the Inlet Conditions)
is bending moment on roller supports at beams zero?
How would you move a sail boat with no wind or paddles
what is the air speed of an HVAC central air system return at the filter?
What are the electronic readout versions of Dial Indicators called?
Why ductile materials fail in shear when subjected to torsion?
Transient overvoltage protection by varistor
Solidworks 2017 Dowel holes misaligned
How to cut Silicone and leave smooth edges?
Residual stress in circular shaft subjected to torsion
Power needed to accelerate metal powder through two spinning wheels
What is an advantage/disadvantage of difference wheels size in front and rear of a bicycle?
What are SCADA Boxes?
What is the reason for a reduction in entropy in a compressor
Required torque to move 6000kg at 27.77m/s
Beam element stiffness matrix for variable area cross section with mass and shear center not coinciding
active vibrations_damping systems
How would I get my hands on something I designed in Solid works?
Plastic failure evaluation of steel using FEM
Are there other finite element types besides the usual?
Which fan / blower type should I chose?
Type of electric actuator for a music box?
Determining the transfer function of cruise control given characteristic equations
Would if be possible to have an efficient, diagonal heat sink to save vertical space?
Why channel 1, 6 and 11 are best for Wifi communication 802.11n?
What material should I use to store molten metal?
Process fluid flow in a fired heater
How does this mechanical heat click work?
Heat equation for solar radiation on a wall
Water Valve Functionality
Design review needed for novel ion trap air scrubber / purifier concept
How are point loads from studs onto a bottom plate distributed along the bottom plate?
Rapidly cool a flue gas without water circulation
Deciding on number of tubes to construct a heat exchanger
How to solve LMIs with equality constraints using MATLAB?
Is there an intuitive explanation for the Kinematic Viscosity unit of mm^2/s?
How to design the right input to obtain a desired output for a linear system?
Proper metal for turning/milling a ball-peen hammer
Quick release for spring-loaded rod
Can my total dynamic head (TDH) be more than the "Rated Head" on the pump?
What optics system can create an image both smaller and further away from the system than the source object?
Determining the transfer function of a system given the time-domain characteristic equations
Normal stress - shear stress pairs not lying on Mohrs' Circles
How is train speed calculated in OpenRails?
What's a control system architecture that can track a ramping reference signal?
Relation between ride frequency and wheel deflection of a car
How do locks for shoe lockers in Sentōs work?
Calculate the Euler buckling load of a column using the finite element method
Metering pump that is either computer compatible or microcontroller compatible?
What is this construction site jacuuzi for
Choosing sides of a shell and tube heat exchanger for oil cooling
Why in the construction of power transmission towers , the rods are hinged oblique?
Room with computer racks, with or without ventilation
Forces on a wheel during braking (Quarter Vehicle Model)
Mechanical device that creates friction when rotating?
Open loop versus closed loop Model Predictive Control
Connecting power lines around corners
Interpretation of the testing data of my vehicle
Convection Heat Transfer
What is the deepest bridge pier in the world?
Incompressible flow field and Solenoidal flow field
Draft of a fired heater
How much braking force do cars generate?
Is there a way to reduce leaks and infrastructure damage when turning water on and off at the scale of city?
Why do domestic electric oven do not use thermal insulation?
Cone shaped train wheels
Would a partial space elevator work?
Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics (SPH) Vs. Large Eddy Simulation (LES) for Gearboxes
How the amount of bolt's preload in a single lap joint can change the natural frequencies?
How to Solve this error message on Abaqus 'time increment required is less than specified' and 'too many attempts made for this increment'?
power calculation
Thermal Conductivity? Units On a Data Sheet
How to deal with inverse distributed load ramp starts and ends somewhere along the beam?
How can I keep a Zippo lighter from losing fluid to evaporation or leaks?
Is there any way I can be sure a wall is NOT load bearing?
Can Siphoned water travel a distance of 2500 ft with a height difference of 10 ft?
Failure due to shear stress on rod lip?
How to calculate the pressure loading of a vented silo explosion?
Is it Possible to Generate Power From Sewage Sludge?
Air demand for powder fluidization system
How to cool down a warehouse?
heavy duty cargo bike - which direction to choose
How to calculate thermal load?
Combustion Chamber Back Pressure due to gas injection
How to apply static failure criteria for bending stress in an angled cylindrical surface?
Generating practical power without an iron core, but with high RPM
Hydrostatic Pressure
How to obtain strain and stress values by editing abaqus input file?
What is the best method to generate heat from a compressed air canister?
is there any other ways to refine mesh size in particular place without making a partition?
What is the difference between tau = VQ/It and tau = V/A?
Bearing and Bearing Housing for Said Design
Long term deflection
Why do we use bevel gears?
Why afterburners are needed instead of burning more fuel inside the turbine?
stress curve in the notch effect?
estimating the surface area of a steam coil immersed in a tank
Find average electron velocity on copper bus bar(um/s)
Sweep with guide curve in SolidWorks
Scanning and modeling my personal vehicle for aerodynamic simulation
Concept on material balance
Meaning of O-slash in data sheet about gear diameter?
What is the use of a " by pass "
What is the difference between TE and TI?
Physics motion simulator for flying object
Torque Required to Drive Capstan and Bow
Behaviour of a winch when unrolling
Lpg cylinder to compressed air tank
Control theory: Closed loop zeros, Root locus and its dynamic response
Coefficient of Friction, Passive Magnetic Bearing
Would an object at the bottom of the sea still experience buoyancy?
Run this LED household lamp in a car?
Turbulence model for low reynolds problem
Flow in a T-Junction with pipes of different diameters
Do the steels 1.4404 and 1.4571 look the same?
How to get good at dynamics
Using pressure drop to correlate mass flow
Switch at the back of a battery eliminator
How can I build a micrometer diameter laser beam from a common laser diode?
How do I include statistical significant index in bar chart in excel?
Can you suggest a motor that would be suitable for these parameters?
How to describe or call this part?
How to predict shadows of a house (3D modeling + sunlight)?
Gear acceleration and maintaining torque
Energy consumption of a boiler
Need some advice, control system animation. Appreciate some help!
Are the points of inflection and contraflexure the same?
Specific energy vs Specific power in batteries
What are the reactions at the supports?
Consistent length in beam theories
Failure of N.R.T.L method to model Phenol / Methylcyclohexane / Toluene system in AspenPlus. Why?
How can I determine the required thickness of these plate materials?
How do I determine overcurrent protection for a transformer?
Pin, Slot, and Spring Equilibrium
Losses through holes drilled in a pipe
Elastic (Young's) Modulus relation to the Eigenfrequency
Equations for stress in a hollow prolate spheroid under external pressure
What is Inlet-valve Mach index?
Are there general-purpose acoustic FFT sensors for plant diagnostics?
How to get all forces and displacements values in abaqus and export it to excel?
What does (a) the input of the activation function mean?
Detection of weak signal by satellites
Current generated by piezoelectric material, say pzt
Energy intensity in non line of sight communication
Beams question help
Simplest Way to Make A Pressurized Water Reservoir
Mechanical advantage of the 3-ring release system
Questions regarding Cornering Stiffness for RC Car
double effect roller bearing or two needle roller bearing
Beam question to find the maximum stress
How to work out how powerful a motor needs to be to climb up a tube?
Torque and angular acceleration
Why resolution of photolithography evolved gradually?
Structural integrity of a freestanding climbing wall
Do vibrations affect inductive sensors?
Why are steel I-beams mostly symmetrical?
how do tilt-shift DSLR lenses and video projector lens shift lenses work?
A humidifier before a heater and after a heater
Applications of Thermodynamics
Real world applications where one would use a force function in PLC programming?
Belt tension to rotational force
Vehicle Train Towing
Voltage controlled linear actuator with spring back
How to find all the parameters in weight vector in Levenberg-Marquardt Algorithm?
Could a vacuum tank ever be light enough to be boyant in air?
Selecting edge of a circle in Solidworks
Transfer of moments in beams with internal hinges
Applying modern control systems to real mechanical engineering problems
How to query stress and strain values in a specific element in Abaqus?
Entering frequency dependent elastomer properties in abaqus
How to calculate thrust from mass flowrate and velocity
Why does a proportional controller have to have a steady state (offset) error?
Does angular velocity of a body rotating on top of another rotating body add up or multiply?
Simply Supported beam with multiple point loads and distributed load
Friction clutch and the force required
Preheating Diesel before injection?
What is a good reason if the data from analysis and measurement does not give a good agreement?
What is the best graph type to show a comparison value between two cases?
Gear cutting books in metric system
Abaqus Milling Simulation
Is there a step by step guide to adding dimensions to a floorplan?
Simple examples to illustrate the utility of the Laplace Transform
Model of a domestic boiler
What mechanical design will shake a gravel screen box back and forth not up and down
precision positional control needed for shifting position of lenses
Shaft Size design / replacement
Mechanical properties of tin base alloys
Computer engineers -- do computers use varying amounts of power?
Do 36 inch diameter fans exist that push 25,000 CFM?
Flow through flattened tube
What are the differences between Gauge and Absolute pressure?
Zero placement in transfer function
Designing for a specific flowrate
Why is gas pressure specified instead of mass flow?
Support columns inside metal tubing
Solidworks - Projected Curve is incomplete
Equivalent Lengths of Pipe for Laminar Flows
Suppliers who write dynamical specification inside their data sheet?
Calculating the angles for gear cutters
What is the criteria for bubble entrapment in a closed headspace tank set to drain?
How does power generation (hydro, wind etc...) account for variable power consumption?
Selection of corrosion resistant material for mechanical testing apparatus
Are DVD laser diodes single transverse mode?
Mechanical vibration of objects
Byte organized and Word organized memory using memory modules
Convolution with RTD laminar flow
How do generators in space transmit/ deposit energy back to Earth?
What colour of tarp will let in the least amount of heat?
How to identify a material without doing a destructive test or crystallography analyses
I need some help with 'pattern mirror' tool in Solidworks
Cylinder Reconditioning
Understanding metalwork manufacture -- How are Purchase Quotations prepared?
Why lead was chosen as the metal for lead-acid batteries?
How to connect a pneumatic cylinder to a door?
Potentially fatal near miss: Due diligence in tool selection
position of feed stream discharge in the fractionating column
What thread could this camera motor be?
Air pressure under water
Working mechanism of photovoltic cells
Why does exit pressure match back pressure in Converging Diverging Nozzles?
Power consumption of mining rig?
Efficient solution for Bike Tracker
How do I get data from my Hardware to server or so?
Replacement components?
Ductile,Brittle and Malleable
Store seeds at 1°C
Heating up Tool Steel with a welder
How to convert solid part to shell part in Abaqus?
What is the difference "maximum" shear stress and shear stress
Can lamda sensor 4.9 be used without the special LSU-IC?
Are all motors controlled with G-Code?
MIMO control: static inverse plant decoupling
What do I call this shaft that drives the rubber stopper into the glass vial in a vial stoppering machine?
Choose a DC Motor for a skateboard
Determining required motor torque
what is expansion joint(compensating tube) in pressure vessels?
How to know which constraints suffer from 'nodes are used more than once as slave node' in abaqus?
Can CO2 produce energy to drive a bot
What is this kind of bearing called
Cyclic loading on ABAQUS CAE
Material balance without chemical reactions
How can I draw each parts of the pressure vessel bottom plate?
using air pressure as a liquid pump
Hardening and Brittleness
Intuition behind pressure losses in pipes
How to bend copper heat pipes?
System Dynamics Modeling
What do the parameters k1 and k4 adopted in crack control tables in EC2 refer to?
Can I use an optical fiber to direct a laser cutter?
Tolerance of pin in Scissors
How do I connect a plate to a D-cut shaft?
How much air will an engine use per tank of gas?
Convert angular acceleration from (S/100Hz) to (RPM/s)
ABAQUS Analysis: Difference between assigning Section as Plane stress/strain vs. Element type?
Please Help me Read this Engineering Drawing
Diffusion of miscible fluids
How to resolve this error message 'Unknown keyword 'section:steel1'. The keyword may be misspelled, obsolete, or invalid'
What does it mean by "loops and troughs"?
Weight Sensing Problem: Need to detect 10kg load down to milligram accuracy
What is the effective depth of a beam with two layers of tension reinforcement?
What is the definition of Ecm in equation 7.10 of EC2?
Software options for simulating oil flow in small diameter pipes
Cooling with fans in narrow space
How to calculate the mid-span lifting capability of a single-beam wooden gantry crane?
Determination of blower mass flow from limited information
Electric linear actuator
How to mount timing pulleys/belts for small DIY project
Clarification of cover definition in Eqn 7.11 of EC2 for calculating crack width
Von Karman mixing length $l=k \frac{du/dy}{d^2u/dy^2}$
How to Determine Tensile Strength of PMMA Optical Fiber?
What manufacturing process could be used for this part?
NumPad shortcut keys in AutoCAD 2018
reducing rotational speed from gearmotor to below 1rpm
How do I measure the brightness of a light bulb?
ASHRAE Duct Fitting Database References
How to calculate the force that a liquid creates on the wall of an underground reservoir
Using Stainless steel or iron pots in oven
~121:1 speed reduction; are more gears better?
Why don't towers use buoyancy to reduce weight?
How does the number of braces in a balsa wood tower affect the load capacity?
Why did steam locomotives not transfer power by cogwheels?
How can energy be added at constant temprature?
Why don't public transport networks have more routes to each terminal?
Need help identifying a mystery diode!
Would creep have been a major problem for pykrete designs?
Autocad "Aligned" Constraint - distance between two parallel lines
No. Of Instantaneous centres
Hang heavy picture with multiple hooks
Mathematical connection between systems of particles and rigid bodies
How to make an annular metal to metal snapfit?
How to make machined plastic part slippery for small dry particles
What is "Torque Break"?
Buoyance+torque generated force
Where on the data sheet is the supply current at 5 volts for the CD4081B?
a small noiseless motor with accurate RPM control?
Mechanical engineering, Please help me finding the torque and answering other doubts too
Calculating pretension of a spring with an initial tension
Measurement of immobile curved surface
How to find the maximum misalignment from vibration?
How would I measure this battery circuit with a multimeter?
Sealing a rotating shaft in a 3D-printed part
Tea nitrogen laser debugging
How do tractors with a highly placed carriage power their wheels?
Transmitting power over long distances what is better AC or DC?
Pan and tilt mechanism
Positron Emission Tomography: How to get from photon count to radioactivity?
Suitable laser for Engraving
Manual transmission: Why downshifting is less smooth than shifting up?
O-rings: Why a torus?
does payload weight distribution affect rolling resistance?
The variation in efficiency of hydraulic machines
What are those objects of the top of this building called?
Did the pressure unit "bar" change definitions since the 1930s?
How to simulate an exhaust fan condition in ANSYS Fluent?
How to integrate air duct into roof insulation & bituminous sheeting?
Pneumatic actuator capable to achieve 5m/s?
How to we ping to check accessibility of a website or a server from different locations?
Determine the strain energy of a bar
How to determine tensile strength while the normalised tensile strength is known?
How does a closed loop control system actually work?
Pressure measurement
Caulculating maximum shear stress at certain points
How to provide concentricity tolerance in assembly?
Making my microcontroller transmit audio to any bluetooth headphones/speakers
Implementing a linearized differential equation in a simulink control loop
How well would viscoelastic damping work between isogrid- or honeycomb-faced constraining layers?
Can we rotate the given white wheel?
Up flow vs down flow through a porous fixed bed
Robots Control Resolution
Why is it more common to use ceiling fans instead of air pumps?
Do the steels 1.4404 and 1.4571 have the same corrosion resistance?
Fan placement effect on pressure in chamber
timing pulleys setup for children's pedal car
dB/s/Hz in spectrum efficiency
Pneumatic Can Crusher (Number of holes allowed for crushing plate)
Generating a plasma via induction coil
A region of attraction analysis using invariant sets
What is the purpose of grid-like details on engine blocks?
Can LDR acts as a position sensor?
Can a sleeve bearing adapter be used with a plain bronze bearing?
Determining σxx on a 3d system with resolved forces (stress, strain, shear strain energy)
Design of multiple wood layers
Connect a GPU to a mobile FPGA using
How much torque will I need to pull a 2250Kg load?
Calculating the Structural Forces Required to Support a Robot on an Overhanging Beam
What is the correct mathematical approach to this linkage problem?
Stability Check of Masonry or Brick Vault (or arch)
How many Technical Rescue: Collapse Units are there in the US?
Is triaxial carbon fiber gimmick?
Calculating moment of inertia for a hollow discontinuous circle?
Injection and lose of fluid injected and pressure drop down?
Different Color Intenensities from simple ON/OFF RGB subpixels
What plastic material blocks the most amount of light?
Optimal size and shape for a steel target?
How to find required size of AC gear motor for planetary mixing application?
Decibel calculations, when to use 20 and when 10?
Problems regarding aspen simulation
Why are parts from carbon fiber stiff?
Looking for the right kind of engineer
Explain each of the values output by HEC-RAS
Creating torsion for a small robot arm
Stress yield of a specimen, result confusion
Stresses in a camera mount
Efficient processing waste water with pigments and dyes to reduce cost
Fluid mechanics - how to calculate flow distribution in piping network?
Is it useful to stuff my glasses with newspaper to protect them?
How to number section and detail view for a same drawing
Fluid mechanics cauchy's stress tensor
How to calculate the volume capacity flow rate of a vertical pipe?
choosing between v belt and round belt for fast RPM, low torque application
Is Matlab old versions usable with Win 10 on core i3
How to mount a tube to a grease fitting?
Calculating diesel volume in a horizontally-cylindrical tank
How Can I do punching of 0.22mm in stainless steel sheet (Sheet thickness 0.5mm)
Calculate Out of Plane Deflection Curve
Why there are grooves at inner side of plastic nasal spray cap?
Calculate max. pressure of liquid in motion
Surgical steel and part production
Measuring gas flow from a low-output device
Could a single person build a single modern computer from scratch
the possibility of a breakwater/seawall preventing the beginnings of a landslide-formed tsunami
Ineffective purging of a flame monitor lens
Interference fit in acrylic/plexiglass (PMMA)
What methods exist to measure the modulus of Elasticity of Soil?
Modeling high thermal expansion under fire
Why can't energy be entirely recovered from a moving car's rotating wheels?
how to implement autofocus for video projector
Find spring constant of frame structure
Find electronics in wilderness; or, "I dropped my cell phone in the woods!"
Equivalent spring of beam supported by springs
what is the commercial name of active power filters?
Wire type for robotic tendon?
Alternative to HDPE Piping for long range sea-water + water transport
X and Cross-from rudders in underwater control
Generating NACA airfoils with three digit maximal thickness numbers
What's the longest lasting tubing in air?
How to properly validate transverse isotropic elasticity Finite Element Code
Trying to shed some weight on my design, any thoughts?
in keyword *SURFACE, file "FSECase1cor.inp", line 79025: Unknown assembly element set_M_SURF-1016_E3 (What does this error mean?)
Beam deformation under trapezoidal load
How can I calculate the buoyant force on an object without knowing in advance the amount of water displaced?
Is it possible to determine tip-speed ratio from rotor geometry?
Distance of Pivot from the Rear axle
How to design a casting machine?
Maximum Information Rate
What is meant by "shock load" in gears?
Why does my piezoelectric actuator stick at low temperatures?
Finding stability of open loop system connected to closed loop system
rotating mirror system for shifting a beam?
Boundary Conditions for a circular clamped plate
Application of Bernoulli's equation between stationary and moving reference points
Hollow Steel Tubing: Critical Load for Sidewall Buckling
Type and mechanism of piping fitting
Does every engineering design needs to have a complete theoretical backing or may experimental data suffice?
Glue plastic to glass with chance for easy removal later
Torsion on thin walled members
How to control an underactuated platform with a single servo
Calculate attitude quaternion from 2 vector measurements
Using strain energy to calculate deflection
Is it possible to calculate the shear wave velocity in lab using ultrasonic test?
Why doesnt steel melt when pouring titanium through it
Molding thermoplastic over sensitive components
Elution from an Ion Exchange Column
What would make a composite chemical vapor deposition diamond hard to make?
What is a 10 turn potentiometer
How to find the center of gravity(Cg) of machine?
Is there any link between tensile strength and endurance limit for steel ?
DC motor disconnect sensor
Meaning of kWh/tcoal
Welding Aluminum to Medium Carbon Steel
How does one activate viscosity change, in gap flow, as the dependency (field variable) is specified at a particular node in Abaqus Standard?
Cutting tool for hollow tubes
Is it possible to design solid slabs on ETABS 2016?
Commercial electric motor with integrated torque sensor and torque control
galvo scanner + rotating off-axis mirror for beam offseting?
 Skogestad & Postlethwaite, Multivariable Feedback Control: Analysis & Design, Wiley, 2005 Figure 9.10 Why a negative sign on W2?
Why do I need to place car cabin filter according Air flow label
Should I discard part of the data (steel traction test)
Will natural gas or propane generators also run off of methane?
Water Pump Thrust Calculation
Torquing a nut beyond a known value using degree of rotation?
Defining fresh air rates for sizing heating coils
Similarities between OBD-II and VGA
What is best sensor & method to measure human height?
Differences between shell type and core type transformers
Rotating ring with "thing" moving on it
What allows a lock to be unlocked from the inside without a key?
Where does the light in the ceiling of the British house of commons chamber come from?
Hinge or similar that breaks at a certain change in acceleration?
Searching for Anterior Cruciate Ligament MRI Images for Finite Element Model.
Why do modern MRI scanners use an axial static field?
What are the limiting factors on diesel engine compression ratios?
Passivity and stability
What does it mean that a ball bearing can handle thrust load but a roller bearing can't?
Reconfiguring a Safe to only need Four turns
What is a reference that i can use to find the interpretation of a symbol in a gas line schematic?
shape of cylinder in the fluid mechanics
Question on Phase Change Materials
How do you determine equilibrium altitude of helium enclosure?
Determining when bolt will bend
What is the technical name for a water reservoir that retains its contents via vacuum and ambient air pressure?
Solving heat loss equation associated with solar trough concentrators
Chemical Engineering Question using Raoult's Law
Is a heavier car better than a lighter one?
Backplane connector adapter
Why laptop keyboard has so many bus lines?
Can a neutrally bouyant helium balloon be suspended in air using magnet entrapment?
Could we use NE 555 Timer for industrial magnetic proximity switching circuit?
Why are tires inflated?
How Can You Calculate Force to Overcome Friction From an O-Ring Seal?
Why does 3D source potential flow only satisfy Laplace's equation in spherical coordinates and not cylindrical coordinates?
Refill evacuated water reservoir from elevated tank, without valves?
Stability of the optimal control law
Heat resistant material for Nickel Chromium Wire?
Blackbody radiation
How do hybrid cars achieve greater fuel efficiency?
Shear Force Diagram of a Simply Supported Beam with triangular load distribution
Water flow under pressure of gravity
Eletrolysis of water
What constructive solid geometry CAD programs can accurately model and simulate structural rope, cable, pulleys, and dynamic motion elements?
How to connect shaft to gearbox?
SNR for good MRI imaging
38CrNiMoAlA: Does it even exist?
Where should I start to be a control system engineer?
Farting sound when connecting power amp with to the pre amp
Did a RTC solar tracker need any photosensor?
maximum capacity factors of combined cycle gas power plants
MSP430 - Semaphore - C language
How does a two dimensional elevator work?
How to straighten an aluminium extrusion?
Does a TXV completely close when there's no thermal load whatsoever?
Finding Poisson's ratio of 3D model in ANSYS
How to find the nearest locations around a given latitude and longitude point?
How to control the level in multiple connected tanks at the same time?
Elevation / pipeline Elevation calculation
How do I measure max oscillation of building using accelerometer?
Uni-Directional Stretchable Elastomers
How to create a non uniform pressure load in MSC Patran
Finding the velocity of water flowing through a gravel filled pipe
How to derive volumetric flow rate?
Ansys multiphysics import deformed mesh to HFSS
How to regulate torque/RPM on an IWD vehicle
Double interpolation for a large set of data in Excel
Sudden increase in noise levels - subway noise -happend overnight
Engineering mechanics(statics)
How does Abaqus calculate reaction force?
Lubricant fluid and Rubber compatibility
Motor coupling connection
Electrical Engineering
Why regenerator "wheels" in a turbine engine?
Area of Heat Transfer and Carnot Efficiency
Can Swagelok SS ferrule be reused?
I want to know the water flow rate from a certain height knowing the flow rate at near the ground level
Is it possible to reuse or the oil recovered from a spill?
Why does the fulcrum pin of a band brake experience "double" shear stress
DOM MILD Steel ASTM A513 Type 5 Tube
Machines components?
How much force/torque act on a wheel of a vehicle when vehicle moves a constant speed and suddenly got a bump or jerk?
Isolating vibrations originating from my machine
Looking for advice on design of some rollers
If I want to run an abaqus job (in Linux redhat) with user subroutine on parallel processors, how do I do that?
Wheel angle for turning
Spring degradation in hand grip trainer
What is the minor diameter of a thread in terms of its nominal diameter and pitch?
Why are there rivets on the drum case of a band brake
Does anyone know how would one use "mutexes" in fortran user subroutine so that I can run abaqus job via parallel processing?
Would connecting 100's of small telescopes into one huge telescope make for a significantly better telescope?
How can you spin a pipe connected to a rotary union?
Why are fine metal filters made of meshes?
How to construct a compact linear Fresnel reflector
How to apply the permeability value found from an experiment?
where to find / what to call a 3/4 inch air valve that can be opened/closed electrically?
Motors, Horsepower, RPM and Litres per minute
Boolean Geometry Help
How can I make an uncalibrated flow meter for water flows of a few liters per hour
Skewing of joints using virtual work
How were multiple vacuum pumps used to raise water over 10m (e.g. by a steam engine)?
Running 220V single phase motor on 240V, and did I burn it?
What is the condition of real eigen values other than symmetric matrix?
How would I put a barcode of other scannable code on a coffee cup?
Specialised Cup Washer
Wind measure with strain gauge
Worm gear for a lifting device
Shift of joint in kinematically indeterminate system
convection query
Materials to use for a low friction cable-pull
Can a gas rotameter be used for liquids?
Benefits and disadvantages of aluminium alloys as a replacement for structural steels in ships
Mechanism to translate rotation into reciprocating horizontal movement
What attributes of a surface are relevant to light sensors?
AutoCAD 2019: How do I Find the Perfect Angles to Match Line Endpoints
Is nonlinear control slower than linear control?
Heat transfer in a fin with constant volume and given efficiency
How to indicate standard screw thread in drawing
how is the air pressure that exerted to our body cancels out?
Why home Air Conditioning AC compressor insulated
What is the optimal streamlined shape?
Is hall sensor also used in PMSM drive scheme as like used in BLDC motor?
How much weight can a floating vessel carry before submerging?
shaft speed when 2 motor connected
rod technical name
What's inside a peak expiratory flow meter, and what's the difference with an anemometer?
simplified acceleration and max speed calculations for a game?
Does a washer really increase static friction force?
Is a Home's Temperature Affected by Solar Gain Through Windows on Cloudy Days?
Thermal Modeling
How can I compute the thickness of a pole of a given material that is needed to carry a given load?
Internal stress tensor associated with centrifugal/centripetal load
Measurement of pressure using inclined manometer
Heat of Combustion, Vaporization tables
How do I calculate the velocity of the piston?
Inlet of an ICE
Is it possible to create a hard slick non-stick non-degradable substance?
Where is the resistance in my DC hub motor coming from?
How to calculate the register draught/draft loss (RDL) of a burner?
Safely evaporate electrolyte from fragile porous substrate
Unknown Water Source
Rayleigh damping in structural mechanics
How to retrofit seed starting trays to prevent root circling
Determination of solid bed fluidisation
What properties can be plotted on an Ashby diagram?
How to analyse a frame of a machine?
How do I solve for the mole and mass flow rates in a system?
Cantilever beam with disc at end (structural mechanics)
Maximum error in Encoder when discrete sample interval is 2 ms
What is this kind of sewer maintenance work?
Why aren't these kind of drivers used in loudspeakers?
Determination of delivery pressure from pump in my Parts Washer
Heat loss from the greenhouse to the soil
How can the Microsoft and the Facebook Fibers reach 160 Tbps between Virginia and Bilbao?
2-D Plane Stress Transformations
How can I determine horizontal force reactions in a fixed on both ends beam
How do I compute/plot the open loop transfer function of a system given its state-space description?
Unknown value in solution of continuity problem?
How would I most easily create a mechanical intervalometer for a digital camera?
Document Feathering Tolerance on Drawing
Finding the displacement in a truss using energy method Question
How to prevent an object doing a full rotation on a shaft
smallest highspeed stepper motors?
What's the difference between simple and deep groove ball bearing
How to estimate the time cost of interrupting a task and picking it up again later
Beam Span for Outdoor Shelter
Radio triangulation with Raspberry Pi
Advantage of anti-windup
How can I derive the KVL equation for the voltage-divider bias circuit of PNP BJT?
How would you seal a hole in an HDPE container that's in -20C environment
Fluid head loss coefficient for drilled hole cross profiles
How to calculate torque needed to stop a rotating beam over x seconds
Conversion of Piezoelectric coefficients
What is the mechanism of the blades movement
How to put the green diamond back in it's original position in AutoCAD 2018
Using a Copper Waterblock or Aluminum Heatsink to Cool Water via Thermo Electric Cooler
Does this exist - 'screwdriver gun' with cartridge to automatically load new screws?
How to Pull Heat Quicker from a Thermo-Electric Cooler using an Aluminum Heatsink
Efficiency and NOx emission of lean burn gas engines
Curved Slider Mechanism With Two Different Radii
Why does removal of ventilation of a sewage pipe lead to backflow from the toilet?
Young's modulus for composite auxetic material
What are the conditions for a signal to be an energy signal and a power signal?
Why are there multiple ways to save polygonized 3D model data?
What determines the cost of the wind turbines?
How to calculate the max torque due to angular momentum of a beam given motor specs
Purpose of special railway transport wagons?
Origin of barricade tape color combinations (allegedly OSHA)
Negative gain in Ziegler-Nicholas Oscillation Method?
Orthogonal Channels in a RAKE receiver?
How to find required clamping force of bolts to prevent flange faces from twising due to torque?
How to provide lateral support for adjacent masonry during installation of steel UC in an old cavity wall?
Force to compress flexible elastic tubing
Calculate or approximate force required to expand a thin-walled elastic cylinder held rigidly at both ends?
Should I run 2-wheeler at constant speed?
A sealed ball is not connected to anything externally, but can have any complex mechanism inside. Can the mass change?
Production technology for hexagonal shaft ?
How to draw a shear force diagram when two forces are acting at the same point
How do I 'fuse' together two different kinds of data to get a final result?
root locus of a system with two poles in the same place
Is it safe to slightly cut the edge of RCC beam for passage of AC Vent and wiring?
What is the advantage of successive linearization?
What type of pneumatic valves would represent the valves in the schematic?
Edge sizing control is applying number of divisions and biasing unexpectedly
What does "+- %/K" mean?
Finding the magnitude of F
Difference between a Part and a Detail
What is the distance at which the triangular UDL is acting on in this problem?
How does water flow in the water jet cutter nozzle?
Is it possible to extract mechanical energy using Turbines behind PulseJet engine?
Why shouldn't dark area analysis be used to estimate carbon content on high carbon hypoeutectoid steels?
What's the flow resistance of a honeycomb sieve?
Use two passive CPU coolers on one single CPU?
L beam - Strange result
How to improve reference tracking using state feedback?
How deep would a water bottle have to be submerged in the sea to burst?
Adsorption - what models are used for dry scrubbing?
Independent constraints - Procedure to verify it
If a fluid is incompressible,is it correct to say that the flow may or may not be incompressible?
What is strain hardening exponent?
Can the continuity equation and Bernoulli contradict each other?
Designing a Safe and Crush-proof Pokemon playing card box using a 3D Super-Elipsoid
Formula for "ram rise" that works all the way to orbit
deformation / bending problem with anodized aluminium panels
How do I invert a system in state space form?
Computer "Ports", port scans and daemons
How to work out the damping or deflection curve from deflection angles?
Multiple Varying cross section beam deflection
What constitutes AGILITY where Behavior-Driven and Unit Testing are concerned
What are the differences between compressor stations, pump stations, and booster stations?
Bridge terminology - railing-like parapet
Difference between 'vanes' and 'blades'
How to calculate the swl of aluminium?
Recommended compressed air source and location for separate air compression system
Second Moment of Inertia (or Second Moment of Area) of Beam Section
What is your best recommendation to optimize the torque/speed relationship of a motor?
Relation between airespeed and pushing force
Is there any defined mathematical parameter that can give me the average distance of a volume to a point?
How can I mesure the axial induction factor of a small propeller using a DC motor?
Can the same diaphragm pump be used to pressurize a container?
Calculate numerical directional derivative on triangular element
I’m a civil engineering consultant, and I am analyzing different properties across US to develop long-term property maintenance plans
Can I keep hardened steel cool with ice while welding?
What FDA compliant plastics can have contact with alochol (wine)?
multiple wall, pressurized gas pressure vessel
Converting Creo files to STP on linux
How to adjust magnification when mounting camera on microscope
How would I find the Second Moment of Area of a Parallelogram?
Best way to manufacture stainless steel apparatus?
Robust linearization
What is "error in action" in gears?
Complete symmetric distance matrix
Natural frequencies of an orthotropic bending beam with circular cross-section
The Bauschinger effect
Stepper motor skipping steps
making a leak proof thread for my keychain idea
What is symmetric?
Battery Swapping in Electric Cars
Calculate maximum acceleration of a car from rest (optimum launch)
Determining the load on a pump vibration isolator
Simultaneously charging and transmitting data to an android phone using usb
When is the Equal Pressure Point in a Typical ICE?
What is the maximum deflection and bending moment of a hinged hinged beam?
Are linear controllers inadequate for nonminimum phase systems?
Pump power and fluid viscosity
Why does my VFD and pump configuration stop pumping?
Blind bearing bore design
How important is an ABET-accredited Engineering Degree in the EU (like Germany) or other countries that is not in North America?
aircraft pursuit dynamic system state update
How much could this motor lift and how fast?
What is a 'swept path' in a valve system?
Can fusion be used to synthesize precious metals?
Would too small tubing reduce the max head of a pump?
What is the formula to work out time to remove water from an open vessel with vacuum?
Shear force expression for singly supported triangular load
What are some robust method to detect or repel lizard?
Move two discs freely and quickly on the underside of a surface?
Fracture patterns in tempered glass
Predictive object tracking with 2 IMUs and a stereo camera
Finding liquid viscosity
Resist rotation with friction or teeth?
Should we protect our AC's outdoor unit from sunlight?Does it increases the durability of an AC and its refrigerant if it is well shaded?
Do finite elements have to be planar?
Dynamic magnetic field Vs electronics
Difficult Toy Ball Analysis
Where does one go to produce custom metal objects?
Why don't we use other substitute of cement while building a roof for thermal proofing?
MPC highest sampling time
What (if any) are the engineering limitations for producing "simulation" exoskeletons
Flow metrics of water at 12 bar through a 6" diameter open ended pipe 100 ft long
Simplifying head loss across a piping network
Making videocamera Eyewear (glasses)
Is engineering basically controlling oscillators?
Compressing the air thrusted by an aircraft's propeller through a cone like tube
Heating the air inside a turbojet instead of combusting it
why do 15kV 60mA transformers have to be so big?
Is RotCFD or Ansys Fluent better to capture the wake pattern far downstream of a flow in the case of a rotating blade?
Abaqus Import Analysis
AirFlow Measurement
How can a knife cut through butter?
Pasta cooking time
Given a material point that goes on a circular trajectory, of radius R, in the z=0 plane, write the intrinsic components for the velocity
Overhead cable vs batteries for vehicles
Welding rods: Why are some DC and other AC also?
Theoretical maximum generated power for a given torque
Mapping of vehicle to its horn sound
How does a Vibratory Pump ("Schwingankerpumpe") work?
Why do we need flow rate measurement devices?
Recycling materials like plexiglass, polycarbonate and dibond
Structural mechanics
Ventilation setup high sleeper night cooling
What's the difference between tempering and aging?
Model Predictive Control and Numerical Integration Schemes
What makes scooters unstable at high speeds?
How do you convert "kps" to Pounds per Square Foot (psf)?
Battery Swapping in Electric Cars
Do I use alternating, mean or max/min stresses for Miner's rule?
Epoxy/Adhesive to bond solid wood and acrylic
Do nylon and rubber bushes usually come in sizes between steel pipe sizes?
A radar that is not an OTH detection distance
Modeling the stiffness of a membrane
Overcoming gravity with fluid pressure
What does 1 x rpm or 2 x rpm or 3 x rpm in vibration analysis mean?
Crafting a mirrored shifting drum for motorcycle gearbox
impulse input and discontinuity in initial condition after
How to determine how large each terrace should be on a multi-level retaining wall?
specific energy consumption vs plant load
Frequency Response of a Discrete System
How to calculate slope/tilt from IMU
Thrust distribution of engine
Operator's Efficiency
Maximum MPC prediction horizon for an unstable plant
FEM: What's D in the equation for half band width
Where to fix part in moment setup for FEA
How EnB will inform to UE about incoming call in RRC connected state in LTE?
What are some things to keep in mind when searching for a step motor where a lot of torque is required?
Spatially dependent material property in Abaqus/CAE
How do I convert coefficient values from 1/3 octave band to 1/1 octave band?
How to create a 3D model of a person's veins using ultrasound?
Common points to consider when building a window seat
Why are engineering programs so course intensive?
How to go about attaching a rotary table to a mounted bearing?
Calculating the torque requirements of the motor for a specific case
What type of grit separator can be installed between the inlet works and bar screen of a wastewater treatment plant?
What is the typical rpm variance-tolerance of a roller bearing?
Recommendations on impermeable high temp material selection?
Base Support for a Tree house
What is the practical application of Rayleigh number to heat sinks?
Mohr's circle: maximum normal stress tensor
Running two motors in one tube
Does the Hyperloop One suspension require constant current through copper windings?
Transfering moment through internal hinge
Deriving a Time-Dependent Equation from a Surge Arrester for Transient Voltage Analysis
Gradient of refractive index at very short distances
Predicting frequencies, decays, levels, and phases of modes of a circular membrane (drum head)?
Kalman filters vs. state observers
Why do most centrifugal fans found in laptops have tiny blades?
Requirements for realtime control
How to find diameter of hole for correct assembly?
How to maintain a static negative pressure in a valve?
Trying to understand how much it costs to run my clothes dryer
Wind load of panel
is it possible to use copper coil instead of pads in air cooler
Heats affect on material permeation?
Will multiple lines off same water main have equal pressure?
Rule of Tens/Ten to 1 Rule in Measurement and Inspection
Should I apply Force or Pressure, Ansys Static Structural
Polyurethane tube simulation in Solidworks
How does pressure drop occur across a pipe
What is a method to export a SolidWorks part (with distinguishing between materials) to a voxel cloud?
What are the limits on building very high buildings using certain materials and architectural style?
What is the entirety of breadth of road called?
Working out RPM from car engine's lb ft?
Calculating the proper power of a motor
What are the advantages of the slide in semi-automatic pistol design?
MQ3 Alcohol sensor
How are "engineering leaders" able to implement large-scale "trends"?
The use of Theis equation based on time
I have an unidentified press-fit nut that I need to reproduce, can anyone tell me how to find this?
What does 12 bit resolution mean?
How to create an airtight connection between Stainless Steel and PTFE?
How do I measure mercury in a graduated cylinder?
How to define the Clothoid Constant in Clothodial Arc ( Spiral Curve)?
Coupler to connect motor shaft to perpendicular rod/shaft
Why don't car engine piston-rods (or similar parts) fail as often as other car parts?
Will screed on plywood do instead of beam and block, to replace a floor?
How to solve mesh error for narrow surfaces in Ansys Meshing?
My dogbone bamboo sample's grips keep breaking
Creating a "half dome" in solidworks
Trouble with Base circle and meshing with spur gears
How to specify plumbing fixtures so models are not immediately out of date
How would I calculate the torque need to move the trailer?
Why are angle grinder discs consumable?
What type of stainless steels can resist 6 months under the sea?
What to do to increase the hp of a gx-160 engine?
Why scuffed liners or piston rings always have vertical lines?
What methods are used to extract energy from low energy heat sources?
Why would 12L14 material be a "feature" of a work-holding flange nut?
What is the current limiter for SEPIC LED driver?
Does ground conduct heat?
How did scientists develop the stencils that made even more precise processors than they had previously?
Hazardous waste packaging
Damped harmonic motion with dry friction
Can a chain of nested thermal heat pumps be used to to gain thermal energy out of the environment?
Extended Kalman Filter formulation
Usticking two glass elements fused by vacuum
AI in protection relays
Arc welder? Cheap welding device for chainmail/chainmail jewelry
Does the module of 2 meshing spur gears have to be the exact same value ?
Is a 1:1 Worm Drive possible?
Oxygen sensors in trace gas environments
What does mesh topology mean?
Equations for power transmitted by a flat belt drive
Difference Between minimum steel required in Slabs and Shear Walls
What is the minimum diameter necessary for 2 linear motion shafts to deflect less than 0.05mm when a 2kg weight is in the centre?
Save loose soil from erosion on a slope
Debugging Ansys ACT C# Extensions
Can I make check valve in simple workshop?
H6 tolerance shaft manufacturing
Power torque and rotational speed of a not running yet DC motor
Need advice: Estimating the compressive yield strength of abdominal tissues from the data of its rigidity or stiffness constant
Solar panel actuator control
Is the PCV valve open during high engine load
How does the superposition principle relate to Bernoulli-Euler and Timoshenko beam theory?
Is it practical to make a solar furnace for small scale metal production?
In what cases are the roughness values Rt and Ra used?
Will this work for single output twin engine
What were the technical reasons for type bar designs being more common than type wheels for manual typewriters?
Which type of sensors to analyze polluting gas from vehicle emissions
Specific Questions about Traffic Signal Preemption at Grade Crossings
How to make datum planes on a cone in Creo?
Phase Change Materials Charge and Discharge
Understanding input shaft torque for a motor without a shaft
Vacuum Pump Issues
Fabrication strategy to build larger version of our ESP
Liquid Limit of Soil through Atterberg Tests
How do solar balloons work at high altitudes?
Do wave washers need to be on either end of bearings in double bearing induction motor
How to identify electrical connectors?
Thick walled cylinder theory - Stress/strain in ballooned out tube
How to formulate a 3D version of the Navier-Stokes equations in 2D for numerical solution?
Why does sulfur concrete require no cement?
Can you create concrete without using water and cement as a binding agent?
Simple way to duct a PVC pipe through a stainless steel sheet cover
Solidworks 2014 - Convert a complex assembly into a single "inert" geometry file and import it
How to ensure natural ventilation through a shaft?
Shape memory alloy for headphones
How to calculate added lift from ground effect
Can you estimate the S-N curve from variable-loading data only, using Miner's rule?
How can I couple two small parallel shafts offset a short distance from each other?
How to use consumer electronics for industrial application on high temperature
What does it mean to do a "hot casting" of a brick?
Can someone export file from prt.1 to step?
Order of a transfer function and its properties
Thai Cave Rescue- Why the narrow portions are not being broadened?
Ceiling mounted punching bag without compromising structure or floor above
What kind of pressure switch can I use for pressures up to 5-10 tons/cm^2?
Ventilation requirements of a closed housing of a video wall
How to prove that during loading session of glass container, which will happen first - overstressing or buckling - via FEA?
How to calculate torque requirement for vehicle with Mecanum wheels?
How should I go about adding holes to laser or water jet cut sheet metal?
How can I develope a water loop cooler system sustaining with liquid nitrogen?
For an at-grade intersection of multi-lane roads, what are the (dis)advantages of a "turborotonde" or "turboplein" compared to a classical roundabout?
Are there any turborotonde / turboplein designs with more than four exits?
Why is making a white laser so difficult?
Will a fan that is composed of several fans fixed inside rotating tube work?
Effectiveness of positive pressure in highrise buildings?
Inlet/outlet of a fridge compressor
what is 1P frequency in rotor (wind turbine)?
Thai Cave Rescue-Using trace gas detection to locate chimney entrances
The name of this cross-sectional shape
What is the type of nut and tool to be used to unscrew?
How buildings 3D model is created
Influence of shear force on pressed part with steep walls
A device like this, submerged in water, would it rotate?
What about the natural convection heat transfer coefficient (*h*) at low Delta-T?
How to control a roller gate using 2 motors - when one fails the other works
How to calculate actual efficiency of a steam turbine
Methods for cutting glass
If this is submerged in water, and contracts and squeezes itself together, does it rotate?
ENLIL road-side vertical turbine - creating drag?
Linearly Damped Harmonic Motion with Sliding Friction
Do flexible water hose cause pressure drop with constant flow?
Why are pump action rifles so uncommon compared to bolt-action rifles?
How do I correctly model a building to determine effectiveness of a heat source?
What is the proper way to handle string-to-float decimal truncation in IEEE 754?
Li-ion batteries storage
Define Free Air Delivery for an air compressor
Matching Output of Two Old Ring Compressors using Larger Single Unit
Why does column buckling occur when the load is parallel to the column?
Mosfet switching circuit
Do scaled models reflect strength characteristics of full size
Explosion in an open pipe
Which polymers are used to make polymer concrete?
How to identify the time delay of manipulated variables which are important to the final quality of polymer product
Electron micrographs, is it showing electrical charges?
Volume change during tensile test
Maximum height view-able in the box when looking through slit
How to unserstand Correct boundary condition at outlet for incompressible flow?
What happens when pumps are blocked off?
Shear between which two fluids is better for atomisation - liquid & liquid or gas & liquid?
How to analytically estimate the pressure loss through an liquid injector?
Pump with high pressure, low delta pressure
Methods to measure diameter
Which diameter and thickness pipe to choose
What type of resin should be used to injection mold an instrument mouthpiece?
Does the controllability of nominal system imply the controllability of the actual uncertain system?
Twin cylinder engine opposed cylinders
Does open loop stability guarantee an MPC stability?
Collision of submerged bodies
Why don't we make mainsprings out of Kevlar?
How to calculate properties of a thread?
Tool Clearance at Bottom of Milled Thread
Easy model to calculate water flow rate over trough ledge?
Carbon Steel vs CL
Resistor to limit maximum voltage of solar panels
2 mm accuracy in an affordable water level sensor (pressure transducer) - Does one exist?
Calculating piston mass, for transfering fluid through a length of pipe
Rotating Multiple Solar Panels with One Motor
How is the Ampyx Power plain generating energy?
Why do small displacement engines have higher RPM ranges?
Ansys Workbench, defining ambient temperature correctly
How can I convert (AF36) hexadecimal to 2421 BCD?
Trying to boil down real world properties of materials for a crafting system for a game, which properties should I focus on?
LQR control and system dynamics linearization
Transfer function with cancellable zero pole and controllability
How to create a Stress Curve
Why are truss bridges the way they are?
How to quantify adulteration of urea and hydrogen per oxide in cow milk?
Can foil strain gauges measure strain normal to the plane of the sensor?
How can i calculate drag on an Angled area?
What are the tradeoffs between using hydraulic motors and electric motors?
Dose adapter sleeve hinder the axial displacement of inner ring of spherical roller bearings?
Equation for temperature of gas at Joule-Thompson Inversion State
Establish a controlled rotation on gears
Springback after a plastic deformation
Does impeller design have a specific cause on how the fluid will flow in a centrifugal pump?
How to control a multi input single output heating system?
CNC or other method for Wire Forming
How to determine the maximum internal stress for a material under compression before brittle failure?
How to find a beam for my (simple) application
Which materials we can use for storing liquid nitrogen?
Timoshenko Beam Theory for Quasistatic Cantilever Beam: Shear Term
strength of eggshell
How does bell housing guarantee the concentricity of the shafts?
What exactly is the thin wall assumption in regards to beam cross sections?
Using place command in MATLAB using different state representation
Calculating NPSHa for a pump
How to find the balance position of valve downstream a tank?
How do you read a blower/compressor curve with multi-curves for inlet guide vanes?
What is the good reason if the curves between two results are not similar?
How to calculate residual strength of a corroded structure from their stress values?
Doesn't this fan spin the wrong way?
why springs get harder to compress?
Cruise Control Project on Toy Car
Is it true that if the structure damaged or corroded, the stress will be lower?
Dimensioning Confusion
Bonding steel plate to fiber cement sheet effectively
Is there any need to consider loading sequence in construction stage for structure analysis?
Loadcell / strain gauge sizing for a joist
Strain gauge placement to measure a twisting beam
Fillet weld strength calculation
Torque on a siezed part
Learn thermodynamics before beginning with control engineering ?
Is martensitic steel 455 magnetic?
What is this V-shaped strut on the landing gear for?
How to join two beams rigidly?
Excavation near existing structure
Outdoor 12v power supply
What is the engineering term for the gear style articulated arm
Measuring intensity of a radio wave reflected from a metal plate
How can I calculate headphone driver excursion?
press fit ball joint
Two intersecting prisms
Linear actuator on a scissor lifting table
What does the torque curve of an engine mean?
Finding out torque in a viscosimeter
How to couple/connect shaft to disk?
Shear strength polymers
Compressed Air Piping Network and Flow
what's the best shape for inducing condensation?
What material is it?
Git, Mercurial, others -- what's the best system for an engineering team new to version control?
What is a Butterworth filter?
what's wrong with this robust control scheme?
What lens is needed for a retina scan?
Distribution of turbulent energy dissipation in a stirred tank
Designing a horizontal pressure vessel
How to span a 28' gap, preferably with wood
irregular shape basement as part foundation for two story timber frame house
Need electro static material to attract pet hair
Rigid circular disc equation of motion
How to scale a 3D object on 2 dimensions only?
How to prevent movement in this 3 DOF setup?
Can we have plinth beam below ground level for small homes?
Why do petrol engines have lower compression ratio than diesel engine?
what thickness steel sheet for a motorcycle turntable
RC drone rotor air access
Why don't propeller designers use multiple profiles?
Difference between direction of ramming in hydraulic press?
simulation of an attitude optimal Backstepping controller based quaternion for a UAV in MATLAB
What steel to use? What thickness and width? What angles to use?
Deflection of a stack of disks under applied force/pressure
High impact force sensor?
Can Fortran 90 be used with Aspen Plus, or only Fortran 77?
Build and visualize Pitch, Roll and Yaw from 9dof data offline
Bending Moment Doubt
Carbon Nanotubes as muscles?
How to resolve file space issue on CDAQ Controller with Labview Test System?
Practical rugged method for elevating water 7 feet high?
Calculating force exerted on plate by link
Flap disc vs sand paper vs grinding disc
How to calculate change in pressure from LN2 state change (constant volume)
Boron Carbide Shattering a Bullet
Thermoelectric Module Not Working Properly!
Looking for the name of a part
What determines the maximum possible slope of rail transportation (without rack)?
Shear force and bending diagram un-uniformly distributed load
How does an air-bearing "pre-load" work?
What is the use of v notch in Izod charpy test
Method for permanent adjustment of pitch and roll of a mounting plate
how would one calculate the % of heat not absorbed by a heat sink?
What are the advantages of wastewater treatment technology that can work in both anoxic and oxic condition?
How does the strength of a square tube depend on the side size?
Meaning of "female eye" in a list of parts
How can we calculate torque required to rotate the wheel (mass unknown)
Constructing a block diagram for amplitude control of an oscillator
Analytic expressions of the kinetic and potential energy
Solar Array Frame Design / Statics Design Problem
Why does the U.S. still use lead pipes?
For a building on a slope, should the grounded earth lightning protection be downhill or uphill from the structure?
Peltier Calculation Conundrum
4 Gears in a Circular Pattern - Calculating the Proper Distances for Meshing
How an airlock works?
What is the protective part of a staircase handrail called?
Operating a load cell below excitation voltage
Is the sewer outfall discharge supposed to have foul odor?
Why is this structurally sound?
How can I get the spindle driver current internally?
Area ratio using Bernoulli's equation
Thermal oil in Boiler not reaching desired temperature
Best way to communicate data wirelessly with specific conditions
Ansys Fluent: how to change the temperature digit precision in writing to file XY-plot?
What is the type of hinge used in fold-down car tv's?
Can one build a custom Android TV by buying different components of the system?
Bending equation and max deflection of UDL and multiple point loads
Why all watches hands are stacked in that specific order ? Can it be changed?
Design of a small scale air curtain
Solidworks Motion capabilities
Vibe Table: Increase Peak Force Capability?
Utilize multiple vehicle power outlets to increase wattage capacity of inverter
Temperature sensor for PI3 thermostat
Go-to resource for open hardware engineering resources?
How do you interpret a pneumatic regulator symbol?
Equation for water rower
Microspeaker enclosure design for headphones
Minimum thicknesses of an elliptical cylinder pressure vessel
Dimensions on a STL model
How do I make sure I don't damage electrical components (L293D, RaspberryPi, & DC Motors)?
Is there any entrance losses in this particular Pipe design?
How widely used are ethylene receptor inhibitors in fruit packaging & shipping?
Shear forces along a beam using singularity functions
Can AC carrying coil be used to destroy electronics?
classify ECG signal using neural network
Induced voltage in an arc of wire
Modeling Rotation and Translation of surface B.C. in Abaqus
Breakdown voltage of electronic devices
What determines the breakdown voltage of diodes?
Converting grams of fuel per kWh of energy
What are the challenges in building a 'sports car' frame and body?
Drilling holes in ground and fillin with gravel - to what ends?
3D printed houses and energy efficiency in Germany
Transistor and diode on induction cookware
About Shot blast machine
Calculate the torque needed to turn a rod it's own axis
What are some advantages of masonry over prefab for homebuilding, or, why are prefab homes so rare in the United Kingdom?
Why does the water pressure initially drop then stabilize when pressure testing a valve?
Series connection of household AC
Why increasing the coefficient of friction results in evenly distributed load in rolling machines?
How does placement of a pressure gauge in a tank of fluid affect the pressure readings?
What are the advantages of different types of groove in welding?
Why is the saturation pressure of the refrigerant desired to be slightly greater than atmospheric pressure in an evaporator?
Punching of soft materials
2PL / 3PL annotation on arc in technical drawing
Multiple Electric Motors on single shaft to improve efficiency
What does C20019 IN PAIRS AT 900 MAX CTS WITH 2 ROWS OF BRIDGING AT 1/3 POINTS mean in a technical drawing?
Propagation delay of magnetic field
Understanding hole specifications
How cold for lack of heat?
Transfer of angular velocity in Oldham's coupling with the centre disc not sliding
Why aren't there moments in truss bridges?
Is is possible to use singularity function to expresse the horizontal forces ?
Reduce and compute flow in self designed pen
Tolerance on dowel pin length
Why aren't turbos/turbines controllable pitch?
Stiffness of highly compressible materials
Typical tolerances for valve lift using a camshaft?
How would you calculate the force needed to rotate along the x axis vertical earth anchor in dirt?
How to calculate the required thickness of a material to withstand a certain force or acceleration?
Mechanical vibrations: kinetics of kinematics?
Damage differences in frontal collision of two vehicles and their speed
Relationship heat rate with capacity
Transition frequency of power transistor
How to solve analytically this equation?
Is it standard practice to use a pressure relief valve as a pressure regulator?
Is there an optical technology able to measure the temperature of dry air?
Equation of the parabolic suspension bridge cable when the deck mass is known
What components are needed to reverse the direction of a belt conveyor using one reversible motor, and how do they change the tension on the belt?
Street Light Arrangement Method
Why are roads straightened when widened?
What is the purpose of building multistage rockets, rather then packing more fuel into a single stage?
How to model a UDL over a plate for bending?
Difference between a positive and negative adjustable voltage regulator (LDO's)
Shape of chain saw teeth
Acoustics resonance question
What's the difference between a vacuum regulator and pressure regulator?
If I replace a flow orifice with a Coriolis flow meter of the same size do I need to worry about pressure drop with the new Coriolis meter?
How To Find Reheat Parameters In an ideal rankine system
What should be the density of a compressed gas while measuring the flow rate using Rotameter?
Gearbox oil/grease leakage
What are positive drive gears?
How to calculate the thickness of the residual stress layer generated by a machining process
How to install a wired sensor in a rotating bin without tangling the wires?
Why diametral pitch is not used in S.I units
Solidworks: Make a copy of a sketch on a different plane
what classes should I take so that I can perform research into finding catalysts to split water into oxygen and hydrogen?
Control of second order undamped system
How difficult would it be to build an entire engine (block and all) in 16th century conditions?
LS DYNA Material Model 163, Modified Crushable Foam
Air handling unit design
Analytical shape of a pump curve
smaller radius requires less torque?
Bolted joint junker test with finite element method
How to calculate the coupler length in a crank rocker mechanism
Modelling gas desorption from a still solution (e.g. a beer)
Power decreases as the diameter increases
When using digital signatures, what does "capable of verification" mean?
DIY thermally insulating construction material
Measuring beats/bounce in a closed cubed glass
How much pressure would I need to push water out of tank?
Difference between phase and grain in a material
Electric field inside human body
Calculation for heat transfer rate / cooling capacity for air cooled solid
Dumping microwave oven energy on electronic device
Vertical component of force for rigid wheel hitting a step
Contact Motion Analysis (CMA)
Estimating planar mass distribution
Disguising tall exhaust stacks
RF energy intensity after reflection
What is the engineering standard for filenames with fractions and inches?
How can I calculate uncertainty based on measurements from multiple separate runs?
Torque on the curved moving vane
Damage to electronics from lightning strike at a distance
Can a propeller be used as a balancer by spinning it perpendicular to ground?
Help with cantilever table top questions
What is a mechanism with teeth like this called?
How to make slider driven crank go in a certain direction when transmission angle is zero?
Determining required torque for a chain and sprocket conveyor belt
Why ESD does not affect pacemaker?
Damaging electronics from a distance
Increasing power output of microwave oven
Tempreture distribution in a furnace
What standards exist regarding diagnostic systems in automotive engineering?
What is the connection between PID and feedforward controllers?
Why is Morse code used in satellite communication compared to ASCII encoding
What are typical manufacturing constraints when producing (conical) springs?
The relationship between the I control and the stability margin
How to calculate bearing loads in a two stage helical gear box?
Electrification in highspeed train
Why not drive an air source heat pump domestic heating system with an auto engine?
Sensor connectivity
Designing a Chilled Process Water System for Small Plant
Role of antenna length
Deflection of a cantilever beam composed of separate (not bonded) planks
Do fine grit sand papers and wax polish bars and pastes have a universal color code?
Coil winding magnetic tensioner: How does it Work?
How do gapless rails deal with thermal expansion?
How to create an algorithms for fitting a network of tubes into a cube?
Flex and Static Bend Radius of a Cable: Which one should be larger?
How does punched card computer circuit design work?
How do external irreversibilities decrease the efficiency of thermodynamic cycles?
Can strain gauges radially be mounted on 8 mm diameter shaft for torque measurement for effective result?
Searching for a High Speed Actuator for a simulator
Is it illegal to use the hydrodynamic energy contained within the city water supply to generate electricity?
Adiabatic paths
What is this connector
Does the stress on exhaust hanger amplify sound transmission into the vehicle chassis?
Can a PID controller have a simple on/off output?
how to avoid a clash of magnetic charge and electric charge
Polyurethane mix-on-the-spot system
Overcoming limitations of a snap in joint
How much can a double Peltier stack cool to -30 C?
Meaning of quasi-axisymmetric case in 2D elasticity
What are the limitations of active noise cancelling?
Electric field oven
Calculating typical floor fan efficiency or dP? (Spec sheet too good to be true?)
Control systems, Nyquist plot and root locus
Low cost feedthrough for an acrylic vacuum chamber
Programming a gas mass flow controller rig
How to attach a cylindrical load to a motor safetly
Submersible sump pump life in pit without water?
Is there any reason for Abaqus to give this error message "Illegal memory reference (signal11)" whenever the number of statev is greater than 15?
What is the physical meaning of pulse rate and blood pressure, from a turbo machinery point of view?
What methods are there to test the flexural, tensile and compressive strength of concrete?
What is the curing process for polymer concrete if it doesn't use any water?
What can a licensed Mechanical Engineer do in the civil/structural field?
What diameter of particles will result in a blocked borehole?
What is the white colored connector circled in red in the picture of a laptop motherboard called?
Difference in Diameter calculation using Solidworks and manually
How to add Beam cross section properties to imported mesh in Ansys?
Fourier series with frequency response
Wrap a geodesic dome with a poly sheet: Minimize overlap & loose areas
What device would you use to set angles in two plates?
What is the type of bearing used on swivel base chairs?
Required diameter for ballast drop hole?
How to calculate the torque of 4 wheeled vehicle before slipping
Are there any cold-expandable materials of significant expansion factor?
How can Engineering Equation Solver solve both equations and a table?
Saturated steam equations
Force applied by fan under inviscid & incompressible flow
Eulerian and Lagrangian descriptions of velocity
how to filter model-free observations (e.g. Kalman filter)
Why would bathrooms have two layers of doors?
Example of real-life problem solved with numerical methods?
Why don't escalators slow down when people get on?
Entropy change in a throttling process
Robot velocities based on IMU data
Deflection of L shaped plate
Achieveing sustained LCR oscillations
Reynolds transport theorem and eulerian material derivative
How do I separate these powerful magnets from their base plates?
Why had the Alfa submarines a titanium hull?
Will strong electric field damage electronic components?
How long breakdown voltages must be applied for breakdown to occur?
Correct terminology for a zero turn stator winding on a BLDC?
What pressure to take in surface tension question?
Operative Temperature in Underfloor Heating?
What standard and/or code covers building stormwater management?
what subject in Mechanical engineering deals with the making of External cases for electronic gadgets?
Zeros of a Trransfer Function
Suggestions needed: Automatically recognising key elements of object in 2D image for technical drawing reconstruction
Gear pump has backflow and does not stop forced flow
How should the assignment to test software for a vehicle’s VCU be aproached?
Visibility/Height Requirements for Plumbing Air-Gaps (Commercial Building)
Measuring vs gauging
What's the difference/advantages/disadvantages to a tower with a moving jib, vs a flat jib
State observer for speed estimation from encoder
How accurate must my gauge be?
Typical range of a small hole gauge.
What is the most common control method in Underfloor heating?
Limiting rotation to +20 to -20 degree
How can I convert volume as a function of time to mass or mole as a function of time for a dissolving drug particle?
Which is the best tutorial on Oldham's Coupling?
What is the most efficient way to remove the cardboard center piece from a roll of paper?
Aluminum tube expansion (flaring)
Books and resources for an entrepreneur inventor?
Fluid dynamics of a valve
Measurement of ICE torque
How are all LTI systems also dynamical systems?
Quick return mechanism for spring-loaded screw
What's sort of "sidewalk" pavement is this?
Can chemical vapor deposition chambers be used to lay down thick layers of metal?
Need to produce vibration amplitude of 200 um (approx) at natural (resonant) frequency, can be any frequency between 100 to 150 Hz
Stress analysis for the same configuration but different material
Pressure rise in horizontal pipe
Is it possible to generate energy from indoor draft by opening windows on opposite sides of the building?
FBD of folding table leg
How can I vaporize metals?
What happens when you wear a hydrophobic suit and dive into water?
Epoxy that can withstand up to 800C and is optically transparent?
Can current passing through a wire potentially ignite gasoline? If not, why?
What degree of open span/narrow support can rigid PIR thermal insulating foam sustain under the short term load of setting concrete?
How are small triacs able to "switch" or control high power AC loads
Why are there no fully diesel electric cars?
Compensating for a magnet in a device with a magnetometer
Convert Blower Curves - ACFM to SCFM
What is the cheapest and easiest way to cool 2 liters of water without using ice or a fridge?
How do you implement a pattern over a bent plate in Autodesk Inventor?
Shear force requirement
Using the bitrate value on a calculation is causing contradiction, why?
Mini freewheel / overrunning clutch for stepper motor
A sphere of radius R, made from material of specific gravity, SG is submerged in a tank of water
How to calculate the bending resistance of a square metal bar?
What is the difference between direct and indirect reading instruments
Free falling fluid pressure distribution
Should one use multiple elements through the thickness with multiple materials?
End mill vs Drill Bit Flute Geometry
How to determine optimum chilled water outlet temperature?
LED Lights Dimmer Electronics
Determining the Steady Discharge Between Two Reservoirs
air-dropping actuator for a small drone
Books for learning PID control?
Why is the Current to Motor less than Motor Rated Current?
Parametric equations for fan blades
Is there any practical way to partially absorb the heat from a refrigeration condenser
Relation between residual stress and von mises stress calculated by FEA in comercial software
What is this pan-tilt system called?
Conversion from LSB to mg not making sense for accelerometer
deep vacuum in the 19th century
Engineering Solution for river cleaning
Statics problem: Finding resultant force angle measured counterclockwise from positive x-axis
Boundary Conditions fro Static Structural Analysis of a Turbine Rotor Using FEM
Functionally Matching Gears (teeth count) in Planetary Gearbox
How to get the surface area of trajectory [MSC Adams]?
How can I measure the coefficients of friction of pulleys?
Understanding plastic deformation
How to grind smooth hard rock to create a road surface
Best way to connect electric motor and differential in a tight space
How to convert Joules(kinetic energy) plot chart into watts?
Speed and Feed values for log slitting of paper
How can I use a 5V pwm with a 12V pwm
Looking for translation of "закладная втулка" (threaded bushing?)
Two Dimensional Kinematics
Calculate amount of evaporative coolers needed to cool down an area
What is the most corrosion resistant 55HRC stainless steel?
What are the necessary qualitative criteria for the existence of limit cycles
A question on non-destructive testing and evaluation
Understanding Motor Torque calculations
Bending moments and stress in beams
Rotating Control Panel for Arcade Cabinet
Why do we use simple bending equation when bending moment is caused due to shear force?
How to solve for moment with uniform distributed load
Proccess of a 4-wheeled vehicle taking turn
How 2 lasers interacting causes a dot of light
Someone please explain how to get the FAx and FEx because both support are pin.. I only got the FAy and FEy
Water wheel Calculations required
How to calculate the failure rate of a machine with probability and mean failure time?
With which parameter can you specify whether a metal is ductile or brittle
Cheapest way to produce 200-1000 pieces of 0.2 mm copper plates
Trapping a particle in a laser beam (optical tweezers)
Fusion360 - How do I fill these sketch planes into a body?
Calculating flow: Pressure vs Blower
For how long could a plane handle turbulences?
What type of plastic is a good clear, flexible plastic for prototyping? (~0.5mm - 1.5mm thick)
Can you make a decision on where is defect if you have the frequency spatially?
Max torque allowed on cypress wooden beam
CAD - Using code to edit a CAD file
Neutral axis in canteliver beam at support
What diameter aluminum pole do I need to lift 100 lbs vertically?
Intuitive understanding of the common normal at the point of contact of 2 gear teeth
What is the 'application standard' referred to in EN 1993-1-7
What does 'Analysis Model Value' in NASTRAN optimization mean?
What is the straightest, longest and strongest pole that could be launched into space?
Virtual work method for a disk with axisymmetric distributed and concentrated loads
How to add radial protrusions to a disc in Autodesk Inventor
Can I use a wooden flat screw head with a washer to mimick a pan head screw?
Can secondary beams be supported to columns occaisionally?
90 degree pivot steering system to allow vehicles to move sideways
What thread to use in tapping a hole for a 2-56 Helicoil insert?
Easily compute a good approximation of heat conductivity of cooled semi-vacuum (water vapor + air)
Why are tunnel boring machines not using cone-shaped drills?
Maintaining constant speed of a CVT engine during a slope
Solving 1D Unsteady Homentropic Flow using Method of Characteristics
Dimensions for CNC machining
Which container orientation, if any, can hold more weight?
Meshing Complex models in abaqus
Flow of hot gasses around the pipe
Pathway for drone racing
Does a closed loop biomass-fired cogeneration/CHP make sense?
Viscoelasticity and Hyperelastic model, history and difference
Solving parallel without GUI in batch mode not working as expected (Linux)
In equilibrium is engine torque zero? Vehicle dynamics
hot wire anemometry
Would pumping down (below 0 psi) on a gas cylinder regulator cause it to break?
Curve-linear vs. Cartesian coordinate systems: linear-elastic & isotropic elasticity tensor
Resolution of forces and state of stress at a point
Model Reduction - Export matrices from ANSYS to MATLAB
Solar Thermal heat gain formula converted to CO2e and trees saved
Best balance of electrical and pneumatic control lines in CNC router table?
Electronics confusion
pressure loss in a T fitting
stress strain curve properties analyse
Can you help interpret hand-drawn technical drawing?
Polyurethane with microbial resistance properties
What is an engineering term for this type of arm
Contradictory result for mass balance
Glass used in biometric machines
meaning of 1" baseplate fitting to mount to a standard 1" feedthrough port
Automatic tinting of a region of glass
Bending a concave sheet metal lip in AutoDesk Inventor
How can I calculate the maximum load of a steel box section frame?
shock-resistant electromechanical linear actuator?
Find correct dimensions from mechanical drawing
How to measure number of strokes in a small space
Relation between engine's displacement (cc) to its power
How to calculate strength for titanium wire
Mineral Hardness Scales
Natural frequency of a column + mass
Input-Output Relation
Why is the unit for torsional twist in radians?
Referencing for Air Quality Monitoring
How to find resisting moment with rebars of different yield strengths?
Is there an ideal propeller shape?
High Pass Filter Design from Transfer Function
Drawing an isometric from a multiview
Show all sides of a solidworks part in a solidworks drawing
Technical Drawing Content
Check valve with precise cracking pressure
Would it be possible to put an anti-condensation coating on, say, an ice bag such that it will not get wet in use?
What does stanton mean physically?
Is strain energy the same as potential energy, or something differen?
Statics problem ignoring horizontal reactions seems to require horizontal forces
What are the raw materials for water filter housing production?
How to actually control slip?
LC oscillator circuit
Why were pneumatic thermostats commonly installed in buildings?
Fluid for mechanical lubrication and hydraulic connection to plastic/rubber parts
Memory and Transistors
Safe, cheap method to dissolve nitrogen in small batches of water (10l)
How are NPT hole features defined?
What are functional and manufacturing datums
Resulting torque on the cross section
What's the history of the 345 kV voltage level in power transmission?
What would a track in a culvert be used for?
Why is it difficult to manufacture capacitors in femtoFarad or lower range?
Why textbooks use geometric center/centerline of the pipe when calculating/measuring pressure?
Performance of RC car under different gear ratio, measured data vs hypothesis
Percentage area of steel for a retaining wall - standard formula doesn't make sense to me?
Stiffness as a function of thickness
What factors besides nozzle geometry and propellant's affect engine ISP? How can one optimize ISP?
Waste Foundry Sand as an aggregate for concrete mixes. I have a question regarding grain diameter and it's possible applications
Does rain cause Tarmac / asphalt pot holes? If so, how?
Steering with a push / pull action. Is there an easier way?
What Are The Procedures To Get a US Professional Engineer License?
Creep / cold flow SS304 vs A514/T1
Approach to solve a frictional problem?
Shape memory alloy fibers with low Young's Modulus?
Shape memory alloy fibers with low Young's Modulus?
What grade of titanium are "memory titanium" glasses made of?
Is it possible to replicate a motorcycle engine cylinder head?
Manufacturing screw thread onto lid
Method to simulate a dipole antenna in salt water?
What is this part called, and where could I get one?
Is there a reason why both plasticizer and vulcanizing agent are needed during processing of rubber?
Wearing course for Helipad
Coating brass components cheaply
Compression members with moment to BS 5950-1:2000
What is the percentage of direct workers in an automotive production plant compared to all the employees?
Why using average pressure in calculations gives the most accurate results?
What surface to use for 3D printer?
What are the strengths and limitations of the antenna design of the Montjuïc Communications Tower?
Can an AC rated temperture switch be used in a DC control circuit?
How to mount a rod (rotating)?
Why was a coil chosen over a straight for this overbridge?
Small scale aluminium tubes manufacturing
Flow rate at the vent exit
Ideal funnel design for powders
What criteria to focus on when selecting a BLE module?
How are non-continuous internal threads plastic injection molded?
How do I calculate how much weight an iron cylinder can support?
Time to empty a pressurize oxygen tank through a regulator
Normalizing the compressive stress to a cylinder
How can I calculate "bendability" of aluminium tubes?
I'm taking statics, and I'm stuck on this truss problem, how do do I solve this?
How to convert kN/m² into point loads?
Calculating energy loss from laser when shining through a material
Which way should I build stairs into a creek?
Help identifying a fastener/screw
Can isotropic materials become anisotropic under elastic deformation?
Distribution of energy absorption in inelastic collision
What is the "quick bleeder valve" in this tool changer pneumatic schematic (and other questions)?
Why is the rear wheel of the Penny-farthing so small?
Pressure Temperature relation of saturated steam
How to make sure a pipe does not take all of the water from a stream?
How do I connect pneumatic components with metal tubing?
Inverter + Direct drive vs. Belt drive motor in washing machines?
Question about converting 220V lamp to 110V
How can I determine the optimal cross section of a member to correct overdesign?
Where to put the booster pump at customer substation in a district heating system?
Converting Linear Motion into rotary motion
What is the justification for left-hand threads?
Conductive Heat Transfer calculation over time
Reacting Propeller Torque?
Longitudinal and transversal strain
Why to compress the hydrogen + air mixture in Hydrogen ICE engines when combustion efficiency of hydrogen at 1 atm is already high?
statics exam question about friction
Sizing crumple zone for multi-vehicle collisions
In rock drilling, how does the drill pipe in horizontal directional drilling withstand the immense force?
How to reduce resonance from livingroom table
Instron Test Profile -- Failure when steadily dropping the load
Weird texture on faces when using Shapeoko CNC
What's the concrete core for in a building?
Buckling of composite plates help
Was the explosion of the Chernobyl nuclear reactor a 'true' nuclear explosion?
Is there a particular reason the Moléson funicular is built as a giant bridge?
Cheap and accurate angle measurement for PID feedback control
From the viewpoint of a civil engineer, what was the purpose of this bridge?
How to track parts through high-temperature oven and abrasive treatments?
Software: Is it okay to charge client for project refactoring?
Tolerancing considerations for temperature rated mechanical assemblies
The concept of flux
The underlying library FreeCAD uses to manipulate STEP file format and format conversion
How linear motion is getting converted into rotational motion in this early toy?
How does an expansion tank work?
Abaqus Failure for I-Beam Section in Major direction only
Calculating Strain gauge Values in a tensile Test
Most efficient way for finding the rotation angles after moment distribution (Cross method)?
Simulating a mass - spring - damper system
How to calculate the output power of engine exhaust
Tethered Balloons vs Towers for Wireless Communication
3 DOF SISO state space control
Fatigue resistance at filleted corners - Design detail
How thick does my stainless steel table top need to be?
What is the principle behind controlling thermoacoustic combustion instability with a speaker?
Get results of output for each one value of the input - MATLAB ODE
Why are vacancies in solids called as equilibrium defects?
How does this screw height adjustment mechanism work?
How to determine data size created by sensor for calculation of signal processing and transmitting over wireless communication?
Sea waves: Having trouble visualizing the difference between group celerity and celerity
CSTR exit conditions
weight bearing capacity of a reinforced concrete floor slab
How to calculate the maximum starting traction force for a train with multiple carriages?
How much (uniformly distributed) weight can this L beam support without bending?
Coupling two double shafted stepper motors in series
Joint Revolute or Fixed?
How to Understand the Relation of Compression Ratio and the Octane Number?
what is the chance of sustaining load if beam is 20 feet long?
A way to calculate the magnitude of the moment
Galvanized Steel (Zinc Plated Steel) vs Stainless Steel
Reduce 180 degree rotation to 90 degree rotation without gears
How to fix this gear
Why there are no jets (missile or aircraft) faster than Mach 3.3?
How to select the distance between two starwheeels holding a bottle?
Protecting heat-sensitive media from fire: fire-safe + Thermos?
Where can I find an Electrical Engineering master or phd student for my GPR radar project
Breath Sensor: A low range pressure sensor that won't be affected by humidity
What is the Meaning of To Warm Up an Engine?
How far can I drive an electric bicycle with a 250 watt engine using three serial connected 12 V motorbike batteries?
How do mobile phones switch 4G/3G/2G?
Injection nozzles and static mixers for LSR - How do i prevent an uncleanable blockage between runs?
Calculate the specific surface area of a mesoporous sample
Liquid phase gas flow through valve
Analysis method for two-way slab floor with central column
Strain gauge - Non-uniform strain distribution
What is the cycle of simulation editing?
Why skyscrapers don't sink into ground?
Is there such thing as supreme board for international arbitrators?
Where the Water Have Gone from Engine from a Combustion Process (C8H18+12.5O2==>8CO2+9H2O)?
Statics Question
How do you calculate the frictional losses in wire ropes over sheaves?
Inertia relief in ANSYS - rotating model
Force exerted on the CPU socket by heatsink
Can plasticizer leach out of cured concrete?
Qualitatively how does the O-wind turbine function?
Control: control action of a PID controller with feedback
Calculate hydraulic torque from motor HP, hydraulic pump and gearbox
Shaft which can independently rotate and translate axially
Material with strongest grip on Aluminium 6061
Wet bulb temperature in psychrometry
How do I read this engineering drawing for this screw?
Derivation of specific helmholtz function relationship for an ideal gas
Is the diameter before knurling assumed to be the same as diameter after knurling?
What do the short parallel lines mean in a symmetrical value?
Dew point and rainning
How is a Steam Power Plant designed?
How to measure and verify ultrasound frequency and intensity from a cheap ultrasonic body contouring device?
Mechanism timed by wheel rotations
Is there a difference between piezo ceramic disc transducer and a piezo ceramic bender
What is the difference between work hardening and strain hardening?
MANUFACTURING PROCESS: ROLLING PROCESS
How to use the linear momentum equation to determine the forces required to hold a nozzle stationary?
They survived an elevator fall. How?
Dense, non-conductive UHV compatible material?
Intake Mechanism with Obstacle
How to design a 4 bit comparator using logic gates?
Moment of inertia calculation at different axes
What are the some of the best (dis)engagement mechanism for small gears?
What's the second moment of a T beam with a heel?
Curve Fitting Atmospheric Density
A Steel post and base question
Connector for sliding plate to rotating rod
Is a bridge more stable on concrete or soil?
Modelling radial Stiffness in Patran Usinf CBUSH Element
Heat storage mass vs. AIR in an ICF house
Dimension Analysis For fluid mechanic
Optimal plumbing layout for 3 storey building?
Does speed matter while one steel part is pressed into another?
Engine power and torque of a vehicle
Pneumatic cylinder: Pressure rating
How do enginners build highway interchanges ? Are highway interchanges build based on a mathematical theory such as braids and knots theory?
Flux and Normal Derivatives
Wouldn't it be most effective to insulate a house with just an air space?
Low Pass Filter using FPGA
Pouring aluminum into disks or cylinder shapes?
How to communicate to keep original dimensions of a part in a technical drawing?
Hybrid Energy Monitoring Systems
How to use the moment-of-momentum equation for water flowing through a pipe?
Choosing a blower for a Pneumatic Conveyor
How can pitot tubes give us local velocity in a flow
When tolerances are mentioned without +/-, should they be considered as a span?
How do renewable energy sources deal with reactive loads?
Modeling Water Flow Through Saturated Medium
Is it possible to calculate Young's Modulus of Clay from load-controlled tests?
Is it possible to change a 'relaxing length' of edges for 8 node hexaedral element in 3d FEM
Deriving the equations of motion for free-floating spacecraft with a single link robot arm
Carbon Phase Diagram vs. TTT diagram
Camber Diagram for Steel Girders but not for Concrete Girders
Base Driven Tuning Fork Mechanical Response Spectrum
Calculation of critical internal thread according to VDI 2230 Part 1
Understanding the torque of a motor/gearbox combo
How can I find left and right directions associated with each zero for a MIMO transfer function?
What's the Difference Between LT and T Directions?
Portal frame stability
Exiting air temperature in direct evaporative cooler vs cooling tower
STEEL CONNECTIONS
Tapped thread maximum load
What measurement accuracy/precision is required to detect a 10% relative change in the measured quantity
Differential equation
How can I measure the vibrations of a solid object?
What is the name for a removable sewn bag stitch?
Control system for a temperature controller
Weight Sensor module needed
How to calculate stress in a cylindrical-uniaxial-loaded bar with sudden changes in its diameter
Stress Tensor decomposition into Compression & Tensile forces
Temperature not changing in my code for 1-D heat equation: Explicit Scheme
Negative head in Darcy's flow equation
Finding phase velocity for froude number scaling
shearing force distribution in a trapezoid
Will a 3-wall acoustic barrier work or will sound go around?
Analytical six-bar linkage trajectory solution
Connect heated copper tube in PVC tube
Short circuit in welding
How much cm needed for airflow? - optimal window shutter distance
Minor loss due to splitting of pipe
the angle of water surface in a moving car
stress/shear analysis of components
Propagation loss in USRP antenna
How do we know that deformations occur in a uniform fashion throughout the length of shaft?
Moment of inertia of rotated area
compression buckling under lateral load
Glue metal bolt to nylon hole
I want to understand this pneumatic circuit
Steady Non steady and Uniform Non Uniform flow
Calculate surface area and outward normal of each face(non-planar) for a irregular hexahedron.
Most practical way to wirelessly transmit a single bit of information?
Calculating the Braking Energy of a vehicle
What are rules of thumb for designing a gravity feed system for cylinders?
How can I do engineering projects for money at home?
Am I calculating the power required and power out for a peristaltic pump correctly?
How to introduce the CONSTITUTIVE equation into structure mechanics
How did the RBMK control rod design cause an increase in reactivity when moved downwards?
Analizing Vibrations Influence on Dynamic Weighing
What does a stalled hydraulic pump mean?
Validation protocols
What is the purpose of the isolated subpanel terminal of a solar inverter?
Calculating the lifting force $F_{Kab}$ with SolidWorks – according to VDI 2230
Variables Relating to Atmospheric Water Generation
Why two identical beams without being pinned together will share half of the bending moments?
Calculations of compound gears?
derivation of Young's modulus experiment formula
Peltier Element - Segregation of the Hot/Cold
Linear actuator calculations
In what way the object-oriented methodology model an information system?
the speed of the exhaust
How are solar panels at equator placed?
What is the solar window (solar altitude angle range) of Bangalore?
What is relief amount in grooving operation
addition of non paralle shearing forces and stresses
which type of casting will give higher cooling rate, casting in thin water-cooled copper mold or casting in thick copper die?
Designing a piston pump for windpump
Phase response of a continuous transfer function
Please help solve this problem!
CSTR properties - What happens to conversion of products if I change the reactor size?
Air Cools As It Expands
"Freeze"/Mold paper in a certain bent position
AutoCAD Boundary Trim with Multiple Boundaries?
Generic category of PBT thermoplastic
Will circulating air within a sealed ductwork system cause it to implode?
Thevenin equivalent impedance in laplace domain
Is there is vanadium-free high speed steels?
Confused about information on a state transition table
How to resolve the interruptions in the screw pump operation due to air trap?
Research based bridge project?
Removing a post
Strength of Plastic Underwater Domes with various thicknesses
Recommended torque
Question about how to couple round servo shaft to flat shaft
Force applied on board from bed of nails
What is a formula to approximate the change in relative humidity cause by a change in temp?
clockwork motor output in joules formula
Drinking Water Treatment R&D: Mechanical or Civil Engineering Degree?
FEA using abaqus, and it does not follow the trend
Bills of Quantities for Highway Works (UK)
Rube Goldberg, twisting in a lightbulb
How much seawater could be desalinated using the waste heat from a powerplant?
DIY Thermal Solution
Waterproof Pan control/bearing/mechanism
use of grinding wheel cutter instead of cold saw cutter
Latest methods for noise insulation for walls and ceilings?
How to increase maximum rotational speed limit of a reduction gearbox?
Get 2KV AC 15AMP draw from 2 lines of 220
cnc z axis motor huming when homing
Looking for something to reflect ultraviolet light at extremely low wavelengths
Dynamics of a rigid body in a system of two linear drives
Low flow hydraulic motor to run high flow pump?
Torque computation for different attachment point
Building a half-arch of a specific height, while consistently using an angle divisible by 90
Does notching the corner of an angle brace member help or hurt when shear lag is present?
Torque required to launch a tennis ball
How does stiffness/rigidity affect the bending moment of a beam
How land is made flat at scale
DC relay relation with resistance
Mount thermal imaging camera on ordinary optical microscope?
What is the point of this valve that only allows air in and not liquid?
Am I estimating thrust of a ducted fan correctly?
Is there a male and female valve that is closed until connected together?
Why does pressure during a hydraulic transient phenomenon like fluid hammer goes below the line pressure?
Must MSA (Measurement System Analysis) be re-performed after annual instrument calibration?
Why do transport containers for wafers open clockwise?
Chain, V pulley, Timing Belt
Is there a maximum phase margin a PID controller can give?
Aren't there infinitely many orientations some given gyroscope angles could represent? (Generally understanding gyroscopes)
Will the airflow inside a vacuum hose keep a sphere centered inside of it?
What is tonal masking?
How to restore In-view Sketch Toolbar?
Why are home geothermal systems usable anywhere in the U.S. but industrial geothermal plants limited in geographical use?
Head loss curves for PEX tubing?
Difference between permanent magnet and electromagnet exciter generator in principles wise?
Why is the color gamut of an RGB monitor triangle-shaped?
Can high alloy tool steels be quenched in brine?
Transferring energy generated by photovoltaic methods
How to measure the inertia of an object using a motor
How to push an endoscopic camera upto 20 meters in a horizontal pipe?
Is this refrigeration cycle thermodynamically possible?
Torque and power for elevator with counterweight
Is this Proportional Electro-pneumatic valve a direct replacement for other valves listed?
How can you calculate wear of steel pipe that is transferring sand laden fluid under pressure?
How to measure the unbraced length of lateral torsional buckling for negative moment in a W-shape steel beam?
What is the difference in CFM, at a given static pressure, between a CPU fan and a Squirrel Cage Blower fan when moving air through ductwork?
How do I relate Grab Strength and Grab Tear to the real world?
How is Load Transferred in a fully supported base
What is the strongest and lightest material?
Why boiling occurs when vapour pressure equals the local atmospheric pressure
What is the meaning of negative exponents in SI units?
ADSL near end crosstalk (NEXT)
Sharing load between linear actuators
Supporting flexible square plate of uniform density in equilibrium with only 4 rolling contacts placed along the square's diagonals
Calculating max weight capacity of brushless motor
Will this water jet propulsion system design produce any forward thrust?
Is using a radiator to warm water inefficient and if so why
Confused as to how to read this caliper
Differential equations strange 2 DOF systems
Passing by a semi truck on a highway
Can wider range (i.e. 600-700 MHz) antenna replace lower range (650-700 MHz) antenna?
How can I calculate final gear ratio when the drive train contains multiple gears with some reductions on the same shaft?
How can I calculate the maximum possible deviation from equilibrium, that can still be compensated, given a limitation on the control input?
Working of a fan or propeller
Why do normal tunnel boring operations not use the dirt (from the boring itself) for reinforcement rather than bringing it from other sources?
Maintain voltage and current supply to device in extreme cold
Open Channel flow with pressure losses - flow depth?
Best affordable food grade hot water pump
Larger battery from 18650 batteries - using a case?
Is youngs modulus a derivative of stress and strain?
HELP WITH ASSIGNMENT. CENTER OF GRAVITY
A board or mat that we can detect a push at an exact point
Structurally sound option for overhead storage platform in garage
Absorbing heat from a surface
what actually cause quench cracking ? non-uniform cooling or rapid cooling?
Powder form of material with high thermal transfer
Gyroscope/Powerball gearing system for bikes?
Stiff rod / tube - What material and diameter
Grate that does not cause air rush noise?
Water loop with a drop output?
pH calculations for boiler water
Volumetric flow in a pipe from velocity
Why doesn't axial turbomachinery blades block fluid from flowing?
How to perform 3 point bending test by using force instead of displacement in ABAQUS?
Racing cars have spring with constant rate whereas Off road vehicles have variable spring rate
When is it necessary to consider digial control rather than directly coding in the gain matrix?
LED Lumen Calculations
Why are phones not getting charged when I supply 5 V and 0.3 A?
What are air barrels (with regards to oil pipelines) and why are they a problem?
Camera and light frequency rate
How to obtain the $dC_d/dC_l^2$ value from the drag polar of an airfoil for Xrotor?
Save money with using a refrigerator correctly - blowing cold air to the back of it?
Tapping small hole on titanium
Where to output the colder air from a "heat-pump boiler"?
What lead screw to use for specific torque and speed requirements?
Amplitude RMS vs Amplitude in understanding vibration
Static Head Assumptions
Could a spinning permanent magnet's interaction with the Earth's magnetic field propel a boat through the water?
designing bridge problem
Torsional rigidity D vs torsional rigidity factor k vs torsion constant J
Surface Finish and Strength
Lowercase phi (φ) seemingly used for diameter in diagram instead of Ø?
A problem on mechanics of materials
How to increase kg per hr capacity of screw press to achieve the same applied pressure per unit volume of raw material?
How much power will 4 germicidal lamps use?
Recommendations on a rigid connection between materials
Pump Placement Question
Activating lights using a motion sensor?
Why do we use tangential component of absolute velocity instead of relative velocity in Euler equation?
Noise in centrifugal fan
Equations of motion for a motor supported by a spring resting at the centre of a beam
2-Vehicles platoon stability
Which type of motor can I use for my project?
Calcultate speed from accelerometer for runner
Cheap low-temperature oven
Calculating geothermal heat pump
Buckingham Pi Theorem doesnt work for this case?
Physics of Trailer Hitch Height
Convention for spring symbols with lateral force
Calculating Minimum Gear Ratio To Lift Weight
Is the Crimean Bridge in danger of collapsing?
Electric Motor Sizing : Understanding how much torque I need given Force
Fit NRTL parameters for an immiscible system
Is there any device that can capture a picture into 3D model?
How does one build a waterproof basement?
Does tunnel lining made of cast iron tubings actually accept all the mechanical loads?
Finite element method, question about the solver
How can I get the horizon or vertical length of the uneven object?
Heat Resistance of Melamine Particle Board
Equation used to obtain the adjustment angle of a pivoting lid support mechanism?
Pulley question: Which 10N block will accelerate faster?
What are the factors that made narrow-gauge railways cheaper in the early 1900s, and are they still applicable today?
What settings to set to weld aluminum with TIG?
How to calculate the time to heat up a tank using recirculating liquid
stress in X- and Y-direction
Derivation of Bimetallic Strip Stress in Roark's Formulas
3D assemblies - model nominal clearance, assemble centered or assemble pushed to limit
Rotary to linear motion - how to make upside down “hammer” mechanism?
Method of Hydraulic Resistances (Crane TP 410), how accurate is it really?
Individually Addressable Motor Strip
Is it possible to protect electronics on a cubesat from 100-1000g of acceleration
Half sectional views of Plummer block
Simulating fluid dynamics for Generative Design of water turbine in Autodesk Fusion 360
Issues creating a high pressure chamber for corrosive solution
Finding flow rate contribution from difference in temperature
Why do (some) high-speed trains have curved (convex) walls?
Restricted Rotation using electromagnets
Can a rolling wheel create a side force without first rotating on a vertical axis at its contact patch?
How to find BIBO stability fast?
Moment of Inertia of a Rotor System
Transmission for variable-speed flywheel to output a steady output speed?
Mechanics of Solids / Strength of Materials
how to calculate the angle in Nyquist plot
How to perform SLS check with strut-and-tie method?
Manually Attempting Empirical Measurement of Flour Dough Compressive Strength
Impact capacity of tension cables, columns and foundations
How to identify trip coil circuits of Circuit Breaker?
How to run a steady state dynamics, Modal step based optimisation using TOSCA?
System for aligning/truing objects to each other in a plane for CNC machine
Satellite Thruters with reversers
Factors favoring crack propagation in the middle of a plate for an extensive length relative to plate thickness (Reasons for < marks on crack surface)
Why does aluminum clad steel wire have high corrosion resistance?
Multiple sensor data to WiFi visualized on React Native app: Guidance
time interval selection for RMS of vibration
Design of a lead compensator with root locus in matlab
What does the D stand for in the steel grade 16MND5
Which is more important XY plane thermal conductivity or z direction thermal conductivity?
How to balance flow and pressure in nitrogen purged chambers?
Pressure reduction and maintain back-flow from air compressor
Calculate bearing forces
Does the frequency of input voltage in induction motors have to be continuously altered?
Calculate Efficiency Loss of a Leak in a Hydraulic Cylinder
Best way to resume aborted cnc job without endstops by zeroing in on known hole…?
What is the capacity of a WWII Submarine battery in kWh?
What kind of bearing should be used for free rotation under load?
What's the best way to get an ultrasonic sensor that can vary its operating frequency
After I knit the surface some blue sketch lines presist
Does the pressure due to corrosion in concrete depends on degree of corrosion?
Simulating heat transfer though a wooden slab in Workbench
Plumbing Imperial units confusion - 3/4" is supposed to be around 19mm, right?
What is the actual difference between a control function with Securtiy Integritiy Level (SIL) II and one without?
Strange offset on oscilloscope channel
Flow control experiment
Multi-resolution computer monitor
Apply the Impulse Theorem over a material point of mass 'm' under a force 'F', when the velocity is constant
Geometry editor was closed abnormally
Using electricity to heat up a slab through post-tension cables?
Find the impulse of a semicircular plaque rotating around an normal axis
small relatively inexpensive crack detection apparatus for bike shops
Calculation of natural frequency in a hinged beam
What is the name and purpose of this Instrumentation / Mechanical fitting
In AutoCAD, why can I not copy and paste numbers into inputs?
How to know the maximum offset distance in solidworks that doesn't result a defromed shape
Help on solving and deriving equations for the Output Voltage on a Voltage Divider with a Load Resistance?
Can boundary layer theory be applied in finite element methods as it is applied in finite volume method?
Does kettle shape affect the speed at which water boils?
Why are entropy measures needed and useful for analyzing signals in the industry?
Force required to deform sheet metal
Why do auxetic materials have higher energy dissipation rates
Why do people build the core of a sandwich structure using composite
detection and verification
Material for car mounted fire extinguisher bracket
How can one count the flutes on an end mill with diamond pattern?
Can I replace this steel hatch plate with an aluminium one?
How to get precision with a small gear?
What happens when throttling in an isothermal process
Developing a model of rate of cooling of steel tube in air
How rubber and other ductile materials absorb impact energy
Thermowell NPT at 70bar
Hydrostatics pressure forces
Centroid and toppling
Method of Characteristics nozzle - outputs area ratio?
Source for learning Functional derivative , Gateaux derivative
Technical name for vacuum float liquid shutoff valve?
How to prototype this circuit using an Arduino and breadboard?
Deriving Enthalpy in terms of (T,V) and (T,P)
Unbalance voltage mesurements from 63 kV power transformer
Why don't modern warships still use cannons?
Regarding the ITTC Guidelines for Ship CFD applications
Can a simple application of two forces have two different outcomes on a rigid body?
What approaches are there for demolishing a structure and how is an approach chosen?
Do you adjust gas flow rate (SCCM) to volume of chamber?
Proportional gain and Proportional band difference?
material model or force model?
How is the number of blades on a centrifugal compressor determined?
What is the practical use of Assur Groups and structural analysis?
Why do the distress values for Pavement ME Design for alligator cracking and thermal cracking for AC pavements seem to give incorrect results?
Soil mechanics-Geotechnical engineering
hoop stress on a thin glass window
which motor can v use for wheel chair
Build Device for Emitting Weak Air Bursts at Specified Frequency
What is wrong with my difference amplifier op amp circuit simulation in multisim?
Why is this simulation not working in multisim?
Evaporating temperature of NH3
How to get resistance K factor of order 10^4 with complete freedom to vary the geometry?
What is the philosophy behind the design of the standard (ASTM D638) dogbone sample?
Why the Tensile modulus is always larger than Tensile strength?
Choosing a proper BLDC motor for lab centrifuge
Planetary Gearset for Power steering
need to know flow rate
What is the optimal shape of a beam subject to three point bending?
How do I calculate the force coming from the centrifugal compressor exhaust?
Physio tilt table using counterweight
Decision criterion if bolted joints are loaded concentrically or eccentrically
wide bandwidth instrumentation amplifier
How to create a Liquid tight cable seal in a fuel storage tank
What is this captive screw and barrel nut adjustment assembly called? Picture attached
Voltage controlled switch?
How to test Cross Wire Welds
How can I increase the strength of this clutch without shearing my bushings?
How to attach a wheel to a turning axle for a ball machine
How to implement Pade Appromixation into State Space form
Problem with transfer function in DC Motor
What bending test and torsion test standard are recommend for a surfboard?
Frequency domain analysis of steering system of a car
How to derive phase equillibrium criteria for more than 2 phases mathematically?
Steering with momentum
Classic Thermodynamics: Ideal gas question
What is the tolerance on gear pitch?
what should be the size of gate?
giga/tera hertz timer? super fast spinning disc?
Building bed out of 8020 aluminium extrusion
Must I use viscoplastic model to fit the thermoplastic material
Do pressure regulators restrict the mass flow rate?
Finding good and effective solution for overhead RCC slab spalling due to corrosion in Rebars
How can I model disturbances to a plant in the simulink model?
Finding Stress Concentration Factor when (D/d) ratio is not on a table?
Big Beam LVL or Glu Lam load capacity to support a gymnast
Fan starts making noise and air flow is reduced considerably
defining the dimensions of a bucket elevator chain link
What standards apply when specifying coating/painting in a mechanical part drawing?
While using Transient Time Solver, I am facing many errors such as, a) floating point error b) Temperature AMG divergence c) Reversed flow
Modeling Friction-reduced Pressure Drop in Natural Gas Flowing along a Horizontal Cylindrical Trunkline (Pipe)
Displacement of Gaussian point after structure simulation
Example induction motor
Ideas on optimization of DRA and energy consumption of a pipeline
Prototype for Injection Molding
Is the speed of a DC motor proportional to PWM?
Ideas needed: how to tilt a panel side to side
Which material index should be maximized for a component in a Car's manual type HVAC?
When freezing rain brings down power lines, is it usually because the power lines have too little slack?
PWM to analog RC based filter with minimum analog voltage level
Why can we extend the derivation of delta(S mix) to ideal solution from ideal gas behavior?
Shape Functions of beam element with 3 nodes (quadratic element)
calculate number of cylinders and volume in a turboprop
What happens to the sedimentation collected in water treatment plants?
Screw Dislocation and Edge dislocation
Mechanical tolerances on a CNC machine
Possible improved approaches to 6mx3m moment-resisting frame with eccentricity+torsion, in advance of detailed engineer discussion
Mechanism that moves two parts linear to each other
Do manufacturer's typically provide reliability or failure rate information?
Does a tank of liquid nitrogen increase in total internal energy after emptying?
shifting weights and locking in place at different angles
Over torquing two different materials
How can I calculate the amount of heat my copper water trap can dissipate?
Can a electromagnet find a tube underground?
Communications Question: Resource block parameters?
Strength vs. Hardness vs. Toughness
Max Lift to drag ratio
Sonomotors, Sion: Can this electric car really charge up to 30km only from its solar cells?
What states other than California require less than 4 years of experience in order to obtain a PE license?
How are circular portholes mapped onto cylindrical hulls?
Extrapolating BHP values for fixed speed and impeller diameter
How to slide 2 small pieces of metal into each other
Reverse vs Drive When Slipping Backwards
corrosion in electrical parts and wiring
how to get laminate stiffness matrices (ABD) in APDL ANSYS
What motors to use to guide tape with high speed
Is the combination of blocks and lines in this old, very long telescope an implementation of some named structure or technique?
What is the engineering way to describe a factory / manufacturing plant system in a formel and mathematical way
Petroleum/Reservoir Engineering: Estimating Cumulative GOR (Gas Oil Ratio) & Cumulative Oil Production
How does concrete perform in an Insulated Concrete Form (ICF) house?
How to estimate a ship speed based on weather conditions?
Converting ACFM to SCFM
Cooling Hot Nitrogen with an aluminum block
How do I calculate the radial force on an eccentric shaft?
Would an afterburner on a turbine drastically improve acceleration lag?
Mechanical vibration: 2 springs attached horizontally to a wheel at a vertical distance a above the center, find the natural frequency of the system
Stopping/reducing wobbliness in threaded rod
Scalable alternatives to CNC router and laser cutter
Calculating cooling power for server room
Can I use grout as mortar?
Can you help me with a flow rate question?
What type of bearing used in swivel arm?
Is thermodynamic data of fresh water a good approximation for saline water?
Installing satellite dish to point to local zenith
Stepper motor torque calculation based on pulleys ratio
ANSYS Fluent - Using Patch to set initial conditions, should I set the pressure and velocity or only one property to generate shock waves in a pipe?
Measure distance between a circle and an ellipse center in autocad/inventor
Solidworks export the 3d points of a spline
Designing cylindrical cam
Boundary conditions in a heat transfer problem
What size aluminum beam and cable do I need?
Drucker-Prager Model Parameters, a Proper Choice
Why vertical wind turbine don't be half covered
Can magnetic stripes be read wirelessly with lasers or other technologies?
Stainless steel wire mesh spot welded to a frame
Does pressurization speed affect the tensile stress in the vessel wall
Modeling of a Wireless Channel with known BER
How do I calculate the reactions in this truss?
How to choose type of output from a water level switch?
How are dangerous to build things studied?
Can one move the zeros of a transfer function?
Designing a submersible cooling system for rapid flow hot nitrogen gas
AMEsim - MATLAB coupling by scripting
How to purify/treat air smell produced by a kitchen?
What are displacement field and Deformation field?
What are the governing equations solved in FEA for structural mechanics?
Practical Application of Adiabatic processes
Why is a mining cage called a Mary-Ann?
Chimney for lower electricity bill for airflow?
12v relay to open and an close switch without sending power to switch
Motion of gears
Calculating heath exchange for custom boiler
Evaluating drag and convection for a flower heat budget model
Thin or thick wall for expanding rubber pressure cylinder
joining an iron cylinder with an aluminium plate
How can I see the scale of a DWG file?
Stick welding inner corner
Why are rotary ramjets not replacing turbojets yet?
What is the mechanism of transition in applications of finite state automata?
head coefficient and volume coefficient for centrifugal pump
How to find phase proportion at equilibrium - from iron-carbon diagram - Leblond
Flow rate and Pressure relation
What to use as a turbocharger simulator?
Why hydroelectricity needs to flood so much land surface if only the height difference matters (hydrostatic pressure is not affected)?
Determining thrust equations for a custom UAV
Vibration table for tests (7-200Hz) from extruded aluminium profiles bolted together - good idea (?)
Can I oversize my air conditioner if I use a two speed compressor?
My pneumatic spring won't budge
Defining transfer functions in MATLAB properly
Considerations for vertical shelving carousel chain
CNC round-over bits with thin shank
How to model a driven wheel with no slip
How can you calculate the torque and speed of a single output gear being driven by two different input gears?
What is the theory behind imaging a precision pinhole?
What is "water surface elevation" and "headwater"?
How much torque is needed?
What is the difference between the wave equation and the advection equation?
What does P0.35 stand for in a Tech drawing for a Bolt
Hot neutral in UPS devices in battery mode
Liquid Rocket Plumbing and Instrumentation Diagram: Standards and Presentation
Can the two columns and little triangle thing be removed?
Kfactor for laminated steel plates rolling
Questions regarding CR-P2 battery specification
Is acrylic OK for children's toys under EU regulations?
primary column vs secondary column
Stress strain curve
How to define hysteretic damping coefficients for both longitudinal and shear waves in Abaqus?
how can I design a planetary gearbox?
worm gear linear motion with release mechanism
Resonance vs flutter
Honeycomb structures vs shear stress
Which diffusion pump oil specification indicates pump temperature for max vacuum?
Equal proportional and derivative gains of PID
Hydraulic motor sizing
Solid-liquid separation of a crystal slurry
What is the optical Lagrange invariant of an afocal system?
How to heat CO2 coming out of a gas canister to human breath temperature?
How much does loading a load cell in other directions than the direction it was designed for effect the readings?
Sphere in a cube - Thermal conductivity
Screw Cap design for high pressure surge vessel
Shear force and bending moment for continuous span
Is a granite block tunnel longer lasting than reinforced concrete?
Visible markings for plasma cutting?
Could pre-stressed graphene be used to reinforce granite block construction?
Force and Kinetic Energy on a Speed Bump
International Building Code vs Industry Standards
If the turbine drives the compressor, then what limits the engine speed?
Engineering Dynamics Problem, n-t Coordinate System
Hydraulic Cylinder comparison to electric Linear Actuator
Trying to visualize the resulting interaction between two pulleys
Need help picking motor to wind a spool
Boundary conditions for cantilever beam
Regarding design of fixation of a part
Direction of the resultant force in hinge supports
What is the highest performance fuel and oxidizer for a small (1 ft) hybrid rocket engine?
Is there theory that relates dB change to PPI of the say foam the sound is traveling through?
Best spout shape to ensure minimal water sticks after pouring?
Analytical calculation vs FEA
Indeterminate beam with a guide at each end
Find the system response given the initial condition
Polarity of a relative angle - Knee joint angle
Calculating proper specs of DC motor for rig driven on the rope
Interpolation at a face, Finite Volume Method in Computational Fluid Dynamics
Ion exchange membrane that is dimensionally stable in organic solvents
How to allow only one mode of resonance in a cantilever beam
The torque I need to lift the device and correct gear ratio for the device to be as fast as possible
A latch that’s easy to open under lateral pressure
Calculating diameter of steel rod required to not bend over a given length
Can radiant induction heat thermally decompose wood
Stopping metallic construction held by a threaded rod from wobbling
piano wire torsion bundle for ballista?
Exact anlytical solution for beam-lifting problem constrained by crane capacity
How can I keep a free spinning range finder pointing down?
Can a Tesla Powerwall 2 be rate limited?
Will the pressure inside a pressing mold will be constant if I'm working with a fluid inside?
Minimum required rolling friction between pulley and the rope
Can channel bandwidth can transmit any VALUES of frequencies as long as they are within range
Can bending moments for a combination of loads on a simple beam, be calculated by adding the individual B.M. of each load?
How to pass Bus Signals into Referenced Model in Simulink
Dimension of an evaporator coil
VNA Measurements: Dielectric Constant and Loss Tangent
What are the difference between open loop and closed hydraulic system?
Which glue is good for transparent ABS plastic and easy removal?
Basetech BT-305 missing resistor
Name of protocol used to communicate with Fuelling Station Dispensors
How to calculate adiabatic air temperature loss caused by increase of humidity?
Missing eddy currents in copper?
The internal normal force, shear force and moment
How do you calculate the chain tension required when compressing bulk material over a conveyor?
Terminology for drill component?
Member weight in a planar truss?
Element order option missing
How does this transformation actually happen?
What metal thickness and/or type is needed to support 100kg load?
Designing a joint with bearing, how much do I need to protrude for the bearing to stand? With pictures
which open source CAD?
PID control of a DC motor with PWM from Raspberry Pi - how to cross dead area?
How to adjust power requirements for a propeller working against a pressure head
Is the metacentric height independent of heel angle?
Estimating fan CFM from RPM, HP, and diameter
Pressure delivered to an object under a pneumatic press
How to calculate the dimensions of an ellipse in a multi-view projection
Why are Microbolometers uncooled?
Optimal method of attaching commercially-available heavy bag mount to finished ceiling with least risk of structural damage
Stiffness of a cantilever beam
calculating amount of oxygen in feed when there is excess oxygen
Is it possible to "expand" air flow area in a duct over a short distance?
Solidworks on Azure
Industrial scale heat pumps
Which way of joining is stronger?
Characteristic length for the given problem of heat transfer
Engine Control Unit theory regarding highest priority task?
Does the characteristic polynomial contains all the poles of a closed-loop transfer function?
Rotating and locking shaft 180 degree hinge, spindle or shaft mechanism?
Relations/Equations to do with light diffusing materials
What is the difference between a diffuser and a duct in turbines?
How is the drilling done along the axis for a typical synchronous motor shaft?
Product engineer
FEA: Newton-Raphson algorithm for Dirichlet BC non-linear static analysis
Using carbon brushes on linear guides
multi parts step files
Need Help to Remove Sway from Steel Post + Glass Panels
What's the methodology for adequate tetrahedralisation?
Strange simulink error. Professor & TA don't know. Any Ideas?
Rotational and translation DoFs in structural mechanics
Would some manufacturing processes be more efficient if driven differentially by a single motor, up to ~150 kW, than multiple lower-rated motors?
How much torque do I need to lift 1,000 pounds?
Creating a high amperage wireless coil
Power generation in combustion engine
Dynamics work and energy problem
What is the best approach to fix empty pockets in a concrete slab/wall
Phase prediction by cct diagram
Difference between AD630 'Phase Comparator' and 'Lock-in Amplifier' modes
Command line Macro?
Create low velocity pressure drop?
Assigning constant boundary condition to analytical equation
Does same stress always produce same strain?
Determine Cp of an oil from density and temperature?
Speed of the weight
Why would a SMD (spring mass damper) model of steel break down?
What kind of electric motors are used to build industrial robot arms?
Design assistance
Critical mass in a molten salt reactor
how to find the motor specification
Effect of friction (or horizontal motion) on vertical surface deformation
How do drag and downforce in a rear spoiler of a car vary with angle of attack?
how to calculate motor power for electric truck
Analyse Soldiworks 2018 Files
Gearhead & 'teeth-track' to drive rotation of ringed encasement?
PTFE sheet vacuum forming
Rotate rack while keeping it engaged with gears
When calculating the deformed radius of a pressurized thick-walled cylinder, why is the hoop strain used rather than the radial strain?
Why do stress concentrations really occur?
Statically indeterminate fixed-pinned beam problem
Can a switched mode power supply for a neon sign be used for making lichtenberg figures?
Should the corbel angle always be estimated as 60 degrees in masonry construction, or is there a formula to use instead?
Entrainers to distill MTBE from Methanol? - Chemical Engineering Question
Enthalpy vs Heat
Why is Rocket Nozzle CFD done in 2D instead of 3D?
calculating the efficiency of a microwave oven
Air conditioner using liquid nitrogen and a cryogenic heat exchanger
Discrete PID controller
Distance travelled at articulation point of turning vehicle
What are the regular holes in poured concrete walls called?
How can I calculate the discharge flow rate of compressor of 1 HP?
How much space should I leave between round bushing and the rotating parts to minimize the play?
Which design to maximize friction for a device standing on concrete?
Measuring wire damage using strain gauges
How to design a transfer function for a Model Rocket?
Aluminum tube frame to support 2300 lbs water tank
Need help with FEA bar analysis problem
How to obtain the radial strength of a stent model in ABAQUS
Copying the pipe element without dismantling
Solving Hertz Impact ODE with Simulink
Rack pinion possible?
Volumetric & Mass Flow Rate Through a Piston-Cylinder Annular Gap with Laminar Flow?
Stopping a tall structure from being blown away by a strong wind
Singularity function
Can a plate under bending be designed using its plastic section modulus?
Is such manned flight feasible?
Eulerian description of fluid flow
Fluid Mechanic Buoyancy problem. How to determine the height?
Newton Euler Formulation for open chain prismatic-revolute-prismatic manipulator
Simple beam with cantilever ends
Calculating the Surface Temperature of a Cable with known heat flow
Vibrations analysis 7x rpm
What pressure value to use for Poiseuille's equation?
Pulse Oximetry, does the decimal matter?
why the constants of the shear and bending are zero
Is it a Lever Or Not?
What are fluids or "goos" called, that increase friction?
Curious of drawing a hole for M3 countersunk screw, 5.5mm or 6.5mm?
performances of a continuous flow reactor
How can I damp oscillating behaviour caused by quantization in a digital control system?
PID Controller Gain Estimation From Historic System Reponse Statistics?
Name that bearing!
Is it possible to mechanically switch between rotational directions of an output shaft?
Shock/Isolation mounting under tension
How is the relation between turbulence intensity and turbulent kinetic energy derived?
Minimum distance between long curtains and radiator for good air flow?
Angular acceleration and the moment of inertia
Can I use fixed support for a frame?
Where is the positive terminal on the laser pointer
Water & plumbing pipes vs gravity or air pressure
Why not build container ships from plastic?
One way/locking mechanism without springs or flexible members
How to simulate data in telecommunication?
Fusion 360 animation , contact sets
Can I power a small vehicle with a gamma Stirling engine and hot water?
Why/how normal shear stress is zero in thin-walled beams?
Find amount of sliding between 2 surfaces
equivalent deduction of Non-mechanical thermodynamic work
Finite Element Code: Convergence issues
Principle of work and energy
Mach Number for Ideal gas flow in Nozzle?
How to calculate *minimum* length of base/return required to stabilize an angled vertical?
What is it about the cabin electrical supply on cruise ships that makes surge protectors dangerous?
calculating pressure in siphon pipe
Strength of face-nailed connection for stair steps
Static balancing of link mechanism
What is the meaning of dew point -20 or -40 or -70 deg.C? Since below zero centigrade, water cannot dew (already freeze)?
Feasability of melting through ice crust with radiocative heater
Peak altitude control for rocket
Is there a cheap way to get gears
Acceleration of the rotation of three gears
Can you use an electromagnet to break the connection of a permanent magnet?
Help with determining the dimension change in the xyz direction of a component under a load?
Looking for a clamping actuator or back-driveable DC motor
What is the definition of Building integrated photovoltaics?
Why vehicle horns are tuned to consonant intervals?
Position of Spring to support Vibrating feeder
How to model projectile motion using dynamical system matrices
Why do gimballed gyroscopes platforms need drive motors in order to maintain it's fixed orientation?
The formula for partial flow of Box Culvert
What injectors are typically used for mixing sewage sludge?
Is it true that four-wheel drive is less efficient and if so, why?
Compressional Strain Definition
If gold is a worse electrical conductor than silver and copper, why are gold plated contacts considered "better" by the market?
Is it possible design a portable high powered vacuum cleaner from a 12V DC motor?
Flaring System in Industries
Can you use a flex (spider) coupler as a dog clutch in a motorbike/atv/go kart/lawn mower like setting?
Statics Distributed load question
Finding the right worm gear for a wormscrew that didn't come with technical specs
Traction Force or Reaction Force
What can be the reason of the constant 50 Hz sound in my home?
Use of Absolute vs. Differential Pressure Transducers to Calculate Flow Through Annular Restriction
Lagrangian Acceleration vs. Euler Acceleration
In which situations should I use function f(x)=-x or f(x)=1/x in multiple-criteria decision analysis (MCDA)
How is the neutron capture cross-section increased in thermal breeder reactors?
Physical meaning of increment in static problem in abaqus
What's the minimum area ratio required to achieve choking in Converging nozzle?
Mechatronics Engineering is about Precision or intelligence?
What is the umbrella-like thing surrounding this new structure?
How to get element coordinate system information (location, angle) for each element using ANSYS Mechanical APDL
Simple beam deflection of cantilever beam
Implementing logic expression and the truth table of logic function
Dynamic spring tension
Control law for nadir pointing spacecraft
Tesla's Turbine in Real Life
What's this box in steam locomotives?
Ignore the thread in Collision Detection in Solidworks
Steps to derive equations for length of a string in a yo-yo de-spin radial release system for a rocket?
How will using desert sand instead of concrete sand affect my concrete recipe?
Determination of Warping Function for Thin-walled Multi-cellular Beams
Digital control implementation in MCU
4-stroke vs. 2-stroke rpm
Systems In "Thermodynamic Equilibrium"
Ensure refrigerant lube return back to compressor
Device with no moving parts to increase fluid pressure?
Can you assume that the forces in the vertical direction are evenly distributed for an off level rigging problem?
Is it feasible/possbile to do regenerative cooling of ScramJet or Ram jet powered aircraft surface?
Cheapest way to measure gas flow (mass)?
Flow Simulation for Laminar Flow in Annular Gap?
Free alternative to openinig solidwork defualt files in linux( *.sldprt & *.sldasm)?
Why aren't nuclear reactors designed to handle the loss of the heat sink?
Calculating mass of gas in container
how did Abaqus integrate the predefined field (stress) into the FEA formulation
Which Gen IV reactor types use nuclear waste as fuel?
Would a plane lift from ground if in a free treadmill?
Help interpreting dimensions from this drawing
Technical Drawing: Labelling a component that's not part of my design but integral to my system
What is the appropriate type of controller for this system?
How can I tune the parameters of a lqr controller?
Cylinder Pressure vs Crank Angle - How to read chart
Effect of a magnetic field on a comparator?
Output matrix for system with accelerometer
Autocad architecture - how to get a window to intersect two floor walls?
Double-shot molding, over-molding and insert molding?
Which program should I use to find moment of inertia of complex sections?
Why do we increase the minimum beam/slab depth if we increase the grade of the reinforcement to control the deflection
Magnetic treatment of hard water to prevent scale and corrosion? How does this work?
Gasturbine energy balance
why do errors occur in transmission of packets by network layer when transport layer protocols already make a virtual connection between hosts
How effective will a cooled mattress be for cooling down a baby?
How to keep lighting "barn doors" open
Why do 2-stroke engines burn more oil?
Influence of a diagonal fold on a web + double fold situation
Why does concentrated shear force on a beam influence the whole beam?
Energy required to vacuum a cylinder
Why does a lead-compensator type system decrease to a step response
Pump Characteristic Curve
Relation between burgers vector, slip plane, dislocation motion direction and dislocation line
Unusual idea for fish tank design. Unsure if plausible or not
A naïve question about computer chips
What happens to sewage if there is no river near by?
Comparing the precision work of plane surveying and geodetic surveying
Is there an easier way to calculate rocket engine Isp?
abaqus simulatioon
Can a reinforced hose develop an internal restriction due to thermal expansion?
Why aren't artificial gills used together with oxygen tanks for diving?
How to calculate divided irrigation discharge from a Parshall flume
How to compute core stress in honeycomb structure?
Deflection of Rectangular Plate with 2 Simply Supported Edges
Second Order OPAMP circuit
Hover Stylus for capacitive touchscreen
What are the possible implications of the heating of the structural stonework of Notre-Dame cathedral during the fire?
Simulating AC using DC
How to fix blocks with attribute tags in AutoCAD which were exploded?
How much power could a turbocharger generate?
What kind of splines should be used when planning roads?
Refute my assumption: Bearings Don't Improve Efficiency
Which mounting bracket to use with a geared box?
the volume in hydraulic retention time is of reactor/container or liquid
About method of work and Energy or Clapeyron theorem
Using a rotational latch to restrain an object under a horizontal force
What equation are we using to describe forces in FEA?
What height is needed to drop a 72 kg mass to impart a 5000g shock onto a test piece
Is there a formula to relate the axial length of a nozzle expander with its radius?
Is there a motor design where a rotor gradually moves into a stater?
What Is the Different Between Single Nipple, Double Nipple, and Pipe Nipple
How to design a coaxial 1:2 gear without reversing direction?
Is a 1/8" AR400F steel plate strong enough, for 4,000 lbs?
How can batteries in electric/hybrid cars charge at such a high rate?
What are the design principles for risers in sand casting?
Help me Solve this Steady State 2-D Heat equation
How much foam is required to fully absorb the impact of dropping a barbell?
What's the best material to use for my project
How to find the smallest change in voltage
Doubt in proof of condition dG<=0
Finding Drag coefficient for flows with both Laminar and Turbulent part
Cad file for turnstile mechanism/ one-way clutch/ one-way rotation?
Calculate Rolling Resistance Experimentally
What is the compressive strength of carbon nanotube reinforced polymer?
Can a bridge's towers be used as wind turbines?
Equilibrium concentration of point defects in solids at sufficiently elevated temperature
Will a video projector submerged in mineral oil still work?
how are these radial piston rotors machined
Thermal expansion of a hole in a plate with a temperature gradient
Efficiency of an engine
Why have some Hyperloop researchers abandoned the air bearings initial idea?
PLEASE ANSWER Sterling vs Combustion Engine
Efficiency of a sterling engine
Joining two 2020 aluminium profiles to make a 2040profile
Why we analyse so much about the underdamped if critically is fastest pls explain
ev hub motor spec, for pulling roller
Criterion to neglect poles of higher order
Pendulum-like effect
Significance of asymptotes in root locus
Calculate output pressure of a syringe pump
Source for plastic rack gear strips
What is the meaning of line and points in the schematic of a polymer
Is this is a valid estimation for the mass flow required for Hyperloop air-bearings?
How to tune PID for a step response
Build new home on top of 50 years old house
Help me to park my car
Engineering stress and true stress
Ceiling Mounted Camera Slider with Pan
Issues with Building AC Generator
Open pipe and relation between pressure and flow rate
How to find the diameter of bolts in a flanged joint?
Can I lift 15 tons on air bearings with 0.2 kg air/s?
Basic Drilling/Production/Reservoir Engineering Terms
Order of matrices when rotating a vector
Calculate exhaust with expansion chamber muffler
convert rotational movement to linear in opposing directions using worm gear
FEA: What is the difference between a spider of RBE2s and multiple SPCs
Can a Foucault's current brake be used on the rails themselves to brake trains?
WDM with a channel spacing of 10 nm?
How to contain air ions inside a chamber without loosing their charge?
Charger for lead-calcium battery circuit
SDR MODULE for radio frequency detection
Generator coils
Derive a Transfer Function from first principles (PID, system identification, statics)
How to choose between two possible arrangements of tapered roller bearings?
Sizing radiator
In a control block diagram what does a block with an angled arrow through it mean?
what is the best way to communicate among multiple raspberry pi boards?
What is the material requirement for Van der Graff generator sphere?
Best way to dent a pipe from the inside?
Solidworks - How to safely clone a large multi-assembly project?
Solidworks Flow Simulation "Rotation" option missing
The buckling stress and yield stress
Off-center hinge construction
Can anyone help me to simulate welding joint in ABAQUS of dissimilar materials to find out the temperature distribution and the heat affected zone?
How to change the direction of the force with a high resolution
Flange EN1092-1 Type 21 Bore Diameter
Thermal Non-Insulators?
Should I use shaft or hole basis on a constant diameter shaft with both clearance and interference fits?
Frictionless Flow
How to achieve successful Peltier cooling
How to find raw data sets for engineering?
What are the non-practical features of a sterling engine that cause the internal combustion engine to be used instead?
How to Convert Matweb Online Datasheet into Usable ANSYS Engineering Datasource
A creep mathematical model of alloy steel for making springs
How to state the PSD value (random vibration)
Estimating Static Pressure @ Target Airflow (boost fans)
Why can't we use air bearings for Hyperloop? Why isn't it feasible?
Approaches to whether a projectile gets intercepted
What are equations related to the compaction of composite metal powders?
How can I make a motor powered hammer swing more naturally than a Leonardo cam?
Pendulum clock, escapement pallet mounting position
inventory management
How do turboshaft engines maintain a constant rpm regardless of load?
Do generators produce a fixed load?
Which K-factor (metal bending) is defined first, ANSI or DIN?
Can turbine engines really run on "just about anything"?
What are these metal cylinders often found in the streets of London?
How do I calculate voltage at an LED in parallel?
Is this pump design possible? (NPSH Question)
The mechanism of submerged hydraulic jump
Controls system response to step functions and impulse functions
How to get the bending moment for tie member?
Implicit and Explicit finite difference discretization of steady state heat conduction equation
How to extrude an edge in SolidWorks?
What is the smoke made by the fogging machine? Is it harmful to humans?
How can I set up a reverse osmosis water system to use a pressure tank?
Engineering standards or testing standards for hot punched metal holes for rolled steel
Swapping transmitter and receiver locations
How to use lsim in matlab for a closed loop system
Which imperial units of measurement use vulgar (simple) fraction numbers?
Steam at 1 MPa, 300°C flows through a 30 cm diameter pipe with an average velocity of 10 m/s. The mass flow rate of this steam is:
Observable Canonical Form - Modern Control
How to make sure the material is titanium?
Calculate press tonnage from impact momentum
Control systems to control position of antenna with motor?
Calculating slot width or opening
Is there a spherical joint equivalent to a 4 bar linkage?
Is Scrooge's giant glass dome feasible in real life?
Tips for writing PCL that reads txt file, imports include files and generate a separate group from each include file
If a system is globally asymptotically stable AND locally exponentially stable, can we say claim that it is globally exponentially stable?
Solar Heat Gain/Outside Temperature Effects on a House
Can heat treated steel have a higher resistance to thermal distortion (while welding) than normal steel?
Do variables dimensions matter in PID simulation + I want the PID output to be volts?
Determining the headloss according to Darcy-Weisbach with pipes in parallel and series
Steel Worm/Steel Wheel vs Steel Worm/Bronze Wheel
My output is much lower than I expect it to be for my transistor-zener diode voltage regulator
How do you calculate the temperature after methane combustion if liquid H2O is sprayed into the combustor?
RHS column profile able to replace 3m UC 152x23 column?
Heat Transfer in A Cylinder of an Internal Combustion Engine
Working of spider gear in differential axle wheel mechanism
Pivoting trailer gate on multiple axes
Parts needed for controlling vacuum line pressure with pressurized nitrogen
Can I combine two shear-stresses acting on one plane?
I am trying to create an op amp based negative voltage regulator
Is stress a vector or scalar?
When To Ignore Changes In Pressure When Computing Flow Energy For Gases?
Pacejka "Magic Formula" tire models origin of the name
Finding Supply/Nominal voltage for Torque Motor BLDC
Trying to simulate the bending of a right angled pipe in solidworks
Designing a PID Controller for Satellite Control
shock absorbing rigid joint
When finding flow generated by a pump, where do points A and B go?
What's the difference between pulsed lasers and frequency combs?
How to design and make thermal inkjet print head / nozzles
How does Pavement ME Design handle climatic data?
When teaching separation processes, which one should be introduced first? Distillation or absorption?
Help with finding support reactions of a truss
Buckling in Columns
Jam nut holding torque
Use 4 to 5-second timer to disengage/engage mechanical system
Why use steam instead of just hot air?
How to determine ideal flow path length for specified pressure drop
Reaction Forces on a Beam
Composite beam- increase in bending moment due to reinforced steel
Why is there still no truly omnidirectional treadmill? (technical reasons)
Sign convention-moment
How to Wire a Brushless Motor with 8 stators?
How to connect a motor with a 4mm shaft to a propeller that takes 1/2 inch shaft?
Can two-pole brushed DC motors have a ring magnet stator?
Are stator magnets in brushed DC motors radially magnetised?
Stability of lattice or mesh supports for printing
Tube Strength vs Pipe Strength
Cooling Down Fridge Encased in wooden box
How to sample Mean-Time-To Failure values from a Weibull Distribution with shape 1.5?
How are pulses produced for fiber optic communication?
Diametrically magnetised ring magnet, opposite poles on the inside?
Plastic Multiplier for Perfectly Plastic Materials
In an air conditioner, how does the released air get cold so quick?
How can I determine the optics needed for a desk microscope?
How to grind into concrete ( not core drill )
Fluid is flowing from nozzle in upward direction
How would measuring the number of photons on a finite number of pulses break coherence of a weak coherent laser source in COW QKD protocol
Dead mans brake on a hand-pushed wheelchair
Are the magnetic field lines flowing from north to south _inside_ a bar magnet as well?
Pneumatic-based, paddle wheel-type lifting apparatus for aircrafts
Whats a reliable way to measure the amount of rope going out of a coil?
Bolt circle indication on angled ellipse
how to fabricate an aluminum square mesh?
Pergola Span and Support Modification
Calculating Chronic Daily Intake
How to build multiple large scale fish tanks with water at different temperatures
Determining the direction of internal forces in a truss
Why use steam water and not other fuild in steam engines?
finding the center of rotation between 2 rigid bodies
Buckingham-Pi Dimensional Analysis when there is a non-dimensional parameter: How is it accounted for?
What kind of plug is this?
Maximum tensile and compressive stress in a T-beam
PE Designation on business card if firm doesn't offer engineering services
In induction heaters why do metal pieces levitate in center of radial axis?
Is there an inward (radial) force acting on a magnet inside a magnet?
Designing a pneumatic system for consistent pressure/flow
Would an aeronautics-type air brake be an effective means to help bring a car to a stop?
Borewell motor water outlet adjustment
Car dc starter motor-starting resistor
Internal Geneva drive calulations/design
Modelling reactor jacket with or without insulation, how to proceed?
Rust formation on Cold rolled carbon steel(SPC 270D)
Is there a moment at a point between two connected sliders, when one is subjected to a force? (schematic shown)
Hermetic Cable Seal With Space Limitations
Do internal / external stresses affect modal frequency?
Difficulty to reach Mach 1 by blowing into a small converging-diverging nozzle?
Stabilization of telescope on gimbal using data from encoders and gyroscope
Need bevel gear for SG90 servo motor
Material that holds shape when stretched
What's a good way to equalize pressure between 2 spaces without allowing gas exchange under normal circumstances?
Should Engineers Understand Equations without Relying on Derivations?
What does "'LBLMY" mean on the side of a railcar?
PI controller for second order system
Couette-Poiseuille flow between non-parallel plates
Jet Boat Engine Part Identification
Cutting a larger circle on center of a smaller circle
What are these parts on these Soviet tanks?
How to control precisely the wall temperature of a tubular reactor?
2D Solid - Axisimmetric - Missing properties and material
Vertical vs Horizontal Ground Loop Heating
How to input amplitude on a second order transfer function?
Drawing in orthograhphic
I need help identifying a special kind of coupling
Supersonic isentropic flow
How much force is required to push a liquid out of a syringe?
How to find Performance assessment (IAE and ISE) of a PID Controlled system?
Motor torque calculation, about the units
Can pinned support / pin joint transfer moments in 3D?
Mean diameter of the collar when calculating the raising torque
How can I measure the impact of noise on a FFT?
In horizontal axis wind turbines, why does axial component of absolute velocity stay constant (wake rotation theory)
MSC Nastran CQUAD8 on a pipe - excessive pivot ratio
MSC Nastran - BAR3/4 elements - can't assign any properties
Is there a way to avoid reheating of steel billets in Reheat furnace and directly go from casting to roll milling?
Bevel gear design & usage
How to calculate flow rate and direction in system with multiple blowers
How do you determine the Maximum Radial Load in Linear Actuators
What is the torque required to rotate a 450 lb., 35' long cylindrical load 90 degrees?
computer algorithm to calculate shear center
How to find the center of mass of a robot?
RMS value of fundamental component
Fusion 360: Measurement issues to Slicer Software
Engineering Drawing - dimensioning
Starting of direct current Motor
Direct Optimisation - How to Create Time Efficient Study
Measuring viscosity with tools other than viscometer
Window header sizing: total load on header
Turbulence strength from turbulence intensity?
Hub Mount Motor to Flange Mount
Heat exchanger efficienccy
What emits more radiation, cell network or wifi?
Stepper motor - optimal voltage when using a chopper driver
Search for comprehensive term for plants with heat generation with heat storage and operating states
Tundish Lift Lower mechanism
Selection of Aluminum (or steel) tubing dimension based on uniform load on supported beam
How to make a choice between rolling element bearing and journal (plain) bearing?
Calculate area of mesh?
Can you convert a histogram of linear separation of lines into a distribution (histogram, PDF, PMF) of their lengths?
Bike wheel sizes
Truss Analysis Problem
Identify this bomb disposal equipment
How to increase pressure in an axial fan using additional inlet and outlet vanes?
Thermoplastic Composites: Commingled Yarns: Protrusion: Determination of # bundles and calculation of fully consolidated pultrusion profile
Low pressure Diesel pumping with High pressure Gasoline pump?
Along which direction is the area moment of inertia taken in bending moment equation?
Viscoplastic model of solder alloys
Engineering Drawing-Projection of intersection curve of two standing cones
Bearing stress v/s crushing stress
simple supported Beam deflection question involving two point loads and a UDL
What's the name of this parameter?
What is the smallest grain size achievable using mechanical methods?
Nastran / Frequency Response / Free-Free
How do you determine the apt cutting speed of a hot wire foam cutter?
How do I add magnets to the mechanism of my exercise bike?
Coupling of load cell with a plunger
Do 3 blade wind turbines generate more power than a 9 blade, all else being equal?
P&ID Symbol Identification Question
What is the optimal building material for a submarine pressure hull?
Motorized 4 part extension column mechanism?
can submersible pumps be used for leachate from landfill that may have some solid particles of size 15-20mm?
What is the purpose of building foundations?
Is starter motor running if I hold the ignition switch at the START position?
(CAD) Inventor - Extrude rectangular pattern of circle sketches
Is a starter relay needed to supply the current to the starter motor solenoid?
Why are moulds sometimes dimensionally larger than the metal components they make?
Heat Exchanger- the calculation of q
Ackerman steering
What is the axis of a pipe?
When designing scissors, how do you design the blade geometry to ensure good cutting capabilities?
I have a problem with my representation of roll in Simulink
Why can we ignore transverse shear stress in thin beams?
Will electroplating a ventilated brake rotor with copper improve its cooling capacity and maximum its lifespan?
Etabs Semi Rigid Diaphragms
hydrostatic storage of gasses
Calculate engine oil pressure
How do I calculate the member forces of a truss when external force acts on the member (not joint)?
How to evaluate the fuel consumption rate of an air conditioner in a vehicle?
Amount of thrust needed to Hover on the moon?
Structural analysis + thermal expansion using ANSYS static module
Rotational bending in Timoshenko beam theory
What mechanism do I use for this pen-like design?
Thread identification
Motors that would work in a vacuum
Software for automatic building floorplan calculation / drawing (packing problem)
Is there some temperature at which all "5w" oils should have about the same viscosity?
Calculating area moment of inertia for a beam with underslung plate?
What is the mechanism of adsorption-desorption on biochar obtained from slow pyrolysis/ torrefaction?
Looking for a suitable tensile tester
Pressure design thickness and how relates to hoop stress
notch consideration
Could I define an isothermal efficiency?
How to professionally mount an air duct through a core hole in limestone brickwork
Efficiency of a planetary gearbox as a function of the lubricants viscosity
Why is tensorial shear strain half of engineering shear strain?
What really is so special about principal stresses or stress invariants?
Operational Amplifier
How do i find the effective length factor (k) for a column from this chart?
Cooling tower for nuclear power plants
Does utilizing exhaust energy to supercharge ("turbocharging") increase the thermal efficiency of a gasoline internal combustion engine?
Swash Plate Pump Design
Time delay in wave generation, High Density Arbitrary Waveform Generators, (Zurich Instruments)
Constrained optimization using Lagrangian
Selection Of coupling and determining size of motor to rotate heavy disc
Are these force components right?
Why do instructions on creation of roller chain sprocket tooth profile require redundant measurements?
Should lithium batteries be recharged after every use , or when they are exhausted?
Integrator OpAmp
Are tube fittings a feasible way to create tight seal?
What is the reason behind error: "the executable pre aborted with system error "abnormal terminal request (signal 6)"?
Is there a way to calculate the heat capacity of a solid or volumetric heat capacity of a solid oxide fuel cell?
Are most vaccum pumps isothermal?
How to code this iterative scheme for solving 2-group diffusion equation?
Freezing water in bent copper pipe
How to dump moist air without heat backflow in evaporative cooling system?
Is it possible to have open loop with same input term as the output?
what is the degree of freedom of a pair of gear wheels?
Why did this pistol-grip shotgun jerk back?
understanding required torque for a servo
Difference between Hysteresis, low pass filter and deadband in control theory?
Why doesn't steam/water flow backwards from expansion in power plant feedwater pump/boiler?
Engine Combustion Cylinder Wall Thickness
Get electricity generation data for Europe
Plane Strain examples
When were the japanese yellow/white/blue/silver paper steels introduced?
LPF Second Order use cascade
How do I call a kinematic assembly that converts rotary motion to sawtooth linear?
What's the current nomenclature for "English" system of units?
Bonding PVC Cables To Metal Housing
Ghost / Transparent feature in STL from Autodesk Inventor
Moments of Fixed-Fixed Beam
Interpreting Nyquist plot
Locations of max stresses in a circular beam?
Adhesion of Super Glue (containing ethyl cyanoacrylate) and PVDF (polyvinylidene fluoride) film
Describing values as being 'assumptions' or 'assumed' - what is the correct approach in academic papers for civil engineering?
Design of Gating & Runner system in Gravity Die Casting
Solenoid stroke limits
Torque required to move the skid steer robot
Pushing fluid through microfluidics
What is a common polarizing 50/50 beam splitter cube coating
Pin support, why is there no horizontal reaction force?
Factors for Rope Elasticity
Cheap electrical motor that can spin freely in both directions when unpowered
Can someone please give me a hint on how to draw velocity triangles for this specific inward flow reaction turbine problem?
Effect of Pressure on Combustion efficiency (of hydrogen) in excess air
How were horizontal and vertical structures ensured in old times?
What chemical can be used to restore synthetic rubber?
Correct sizing of fastener for console
Water in basement plug install
Why do some guyed towers come to a point at the bottom?
Spring Industry Naming Convention
Machine Frame Design
Efficiency of TurboJet engines with nozzles
fluid mechanics
How does polygonal effect affect the effect of angular synchronization in car engines' timing train drive?
How to find a dimension that isn't explicit if there are tolerances
Equation for the spring constant of an orthotropic, rectangular wire spring
Why is deviatoric stress the one causing distortions?
Shouldn't brittle materials be the ones failing under shear deformations?
How to analyze a bent beam: Stress concentration?
Tempered glass physics
Max Tensile & Compressive Stress Question - Identify the equation
Ideal gas law, theory vs reality
Max compression & Tension
How is the stress concentration factor calculated in FEM?
Identifying Compression and Tension as well as Hogging
What are the materials most transparent to microwaves?
Whats the correct name for the filament driving mechanism used in 3d printer extruders and MIG wire feeders?
Calculating Mass Fractions of a Hydrogen and Oxygen Gas Mixture Pre Ignition
What is up with the spaced rudders on the SMX-31/Barracuda?
What type of fastener is this?
Why is pure shear a "shear"?
Why are variations zero on the endpoints of a beam?
Is it OK for a 2 story house not have a column or pillar
Push button design for small gadget
What happens in a cone-shaped nozzle?
Are there any books which show how to design electrical coil heat exchangers?
Static charge, PVC pipe and water
How to prevent leakage radiation from a grid of inductors laying on a plane?
Choosing a pump to inject liquid into a pressurised water pipe
Negative transmit power in dBM
How effective are pancake motors as generators and why
Heat Transfer in Different Wire Configurations
What does stress analysis of 3D printed parts reveal vs their normal counterparts?
why can't remove the Image frequency using a band-pass filter?
How can I validate the validity of a model of a dynamical system?
Valve advice for chiller test rig
How can I transmit signals from pre-amplifiers to a laptop nearby using bluetooth?
Clutch role in a micro hydropower
Deciding between Electric or Hydraulic Actuators for a Dynamic Load of around 4 kN to 6 kN
What does "do not scale drawing" in a drawing sheet mean?
best refractory cement for embedded heating element furnace
Material to absorb very low frequency radio
How to derive fixed-end moment of a beam?
Is this a PID cascade control loop?
Can a rod be attached perpendicular to the motor shaft
What type of pump is recommended for pumping gasoline/petrol in vapor phase?
Is the center hole important on car wheels?
How are tight coiled springs made
How do I verify the reaction forces of an FE model due to a response spectrum
Help finding connector to fit 1 3/8in / 35mm mounting flange on horn driver
Why is a cart with swiveling casters in front stable, but not if the swiveling casters are in back?
Can i switch negative feedback to positive feedback in PID control?
Persistent Bistate Toggle Switch
"bubbles" forming after heating my Thin film transistors
How is the slip calculated in Abaqus small-sliding interaction?
How to ensure uniaxal and uniform force application on uneven samples using pressurized fluids
Springs on a pulley... When to use?
Anyone facing issues with a compact roller press machine?
How do i measure the time taken for a laser to cut a metal?
Wall temperature of pressure cylinder - Boundary condition
What causes a fastener to lock?
Changing fields from mathematics to control engineering
Calculating the torque required by an Archimedes screw pump
What pressure is taken as the pressure of liquid
What is this weird upside down U shaped pipline for?
Which version of the Kozeny-Carman equation is valid?
Avoid loosen of a cartridge valve caused by embedding
What exactly makes reaction turbines work?
Which kind/model of sensor is appropriate for detecting vibration at one end of 1000 m steel block?
Doubt regarding meta-stable and labile region of a supersaturated solution
Where should I study contact mechanics (for introductory level)
Designing Block Diagrams For Control Systems
Master/Slave Gear Mechanism for Navball
Relationships among turbo jet rpm and compression ratio and thrust
What is the purpose of colour code for telephone wires?
Is it possible to move gear on a shaft in one moment and in the other allow it to rotate freely?
Generally speaking are inrunner motors better generators than outrunner motors or vice versa?
Material for filling small air leaks
Kinetic energy of a balloon
In a warmer/sunnier climate, window (or roller shutters) superior to curtains?
What are the different methods to join 2 parts so that one can rotate 180 degrees around the other?
How can I connect F=ma to Drag=1/2*Cd*(rho)*V^2*A?
What kind of mechanism can be used to rotate a part in 180 degrees (Ψ (yaw)) and 30degrees in  (pitch) direction?
In static equilibrium body, how can an applied moment about an axis contribute to reaction moment to another point away from the axis?
Are there impulse turbines operating on hot exhaust gas?
Closed loop guidance and control: how to tune a system with multiple feedback controllers?
Stepper motor synchronization
Is there a rule of thumb to construe a screw
What is the type of this connector?
How do Salad Spinners work?
Extendable apparatus
How is flow work calculated?
BLDC motor - stator
mould for boring enclosures
Heat press of vinyl on 100% polyester fabric
Is the core of an RBMK reactor submersed in coolant?
Stopping Force of Irregularly Shaped Object
What kind of professional(s) build/design factories?
Simple Thermal Analysis for sealed Aluminum box with 3.7 Watts of heat generation internally
Software to find the common volume of intersecting cylinders?
Generating random samples for some concrete structural characteristics
Why does DSG have low torque capacity?
How to minimize temperature increase caused by compression of a cryogenic liquid in a multistage high pressure turbopump?
How do maglev trains turn given that they seem to have more than two bogies per car?
Fastening a Nut on threaded rod from the middle
How to calculate compressive yield strength of a composite material or a fgm?
How does a digital controller's sampling period dictate the system's actuation requirements?
Designing a 1-button system allowing for a differentiated control of 2 different valves?
How does Milkor MGL Granade Launcher's trigger and cylinder mechanism work
What does it mean that the mass of a propellant tank is at premium?
How to detect milk spillage or milk boil?
Facing problem in simulating Combustion in ANSYS IC Engine Fluent
How to calculate the temperature rise in a PCB with 24 DIMMs?
Would a cross correlation between vibrations in the X and Y directions help determine vibrations in the Z direction?
Custom User Models in Aspen Plus
How do old wind turbine towers pickup magnetism overtime?
What's the most practical way to measure angular velocity for small rotations?
When reaming a hole to fit a bearing, can I get an underfit by icing the workpiece?
How to calculate airflow in m3/min on a gas turbine outlet?
Wire heating and heat transfer in a cylindrical pattern
off-scale torque measured - what is my torque arm?
Can an enclosure be water tight and NOT air tight?
water pump problems
Identify plant transfer function to design PID controller
Can I use a single stator coil to actuate/rotate two rotors inside and outside of the stator
Auto-tuning PI controller with maximum sensitivity
Heating hot air within a 2 inch tube
Can a horizontal foundation safeguard against earthquakes?
Impact of having flexible electrical hose buried into the reinforced concrete slab
Looking to design a cantilever support to hold up an 80kg projector
ANSYS Design Modeller more significant figures
How to write the equilibrium stress equations for a hollow, rectangular beam?
What pressure drop is needed to get 15-20 gpm?
Does screed increase the slab tension capacity?
Where is the axis of bending for a box lifted by a crane?
Do you need to be a chartered engineer to submit structural calculations to building control in the UK?
Steam cycle for a boiler / radiator system vs Rankine cycle
Where to find spectral details like wavelength for hyperspectral GeoTIFF files?
Laminar flow hood/air straightener
Calculation of reference vehicle speed using wheel speed sensors and longitudinal acceleration
1) how to calculate the thickness of pressure vessel with eliptical cross section for certain amount of pressure
Estimating rate of drying by comparing identical process with different ambient humidity
Crooked floor, but ceiling with no incline - could it possibly be a screed?
Meaning of energy method in control theory
Reinforced mesh at different distance in a concrete slab?
motion gesture and axis definition
Why not a reverse bending in the slab?
Parallel Axis Theorem for x and y Shift
Could boiling water inside a semi-enclosed pipe be a low-cost method for a silent marine propulsion system? (redesigned)
Dependency between load capacity for reinforced concrete slab and thickness
Lifting a Conveyor unit in an onion harvester
How are the modern hydraulic cylinders very precisely controlled?
Emulate impact forces using pneumatic piston
What version of ANSYS is useful for simulation flow in a fin heat sink?
Will a cyclic heat load transform my martensitic steel? How fast?
Wave train 200 m/s meaning
How to reinforce concrete over a circular span
The steps in photogrammetry pipeline
What should be the material and thickness of front pillars to stop car (~1,847kg and ~262 km/h) without killing the driver?
Electric bicycle and an electric scooter
3 x 1 stone under footing and sump crock
Analysis of Machine Frames With Cut Outs
Induction heating rebar in cold weather
Mobile Frequency and Carrier Frequency not Matching
Is it possible to power bio-chips with blood sugar?
Does turbulent river flow classify as uniform?
Spark plug in 2 stroke exhaust?
Can a crisscrossed metallic skeleton resist earthquakes for buildings?
Oceanic stirling engine: pressure difference between atmospheric and ocean depths would make engine work?
Structure analysis
Does the plant transfer function of a system change with variations in the reference variable?
Gain and phase margin
Projection of a given view to produce another views
Weight distribution roof construction
Sound level emissions (IEC 60704-1) spectrum?
Carefully attaching Pt-wire to mild/carbon steel surface
Tool to simulate sensor data
Health hazards of disassembling electronic devices?
What is the effect of ageing on preconsolidation pressure?
Calculate vector analyzer measurement error
Best reactor for solubility-limited reaction?
I've never seen this type of flexible coupling, can someone tell me what it's called?
What non-Gaussian filter should I use
What happened to the projectile in Hypervelocity Impact tests?
Typical cycletime of an industry pid controller for servomotors
What is difference between lift and elevator and hoist?
Flux Cored MIG on unknown steels, what is this stuff?
Grad student needing help with a fluid mechanics issue in project
static and kinetic friction force required to tow a train
DC motor Magnetic axis of armature winding vs EMF
Efficiency of pump on VFD?
Maximum allowable crack in Post Tension concrete
Dimensions of a bar when it is subjected to axial pull
Wind turbines with down tower power units. Why aren't they more common?
Are dynamic frequency transmitters common? What's the terminology to use when searching for one?
Fluid Mechanics - Fluid flow
Beam column joint reinforcement
Measuring Torque in a bicycle
How to add a level to component hierarchy in Fusion 360?
Can e-paper capsules be made larger in size?
How can I setup a controller simulator in excel?
Torque and RPM calc
Why don't we use hot water instead of steam to drive the turbines?
Swiss File #4 Alternatives
Is it possible to calculate torque using strain gauges on a rotating shaft?
How can a non flowing fluid have kinetic energy?
Why/when is AC-DC-AC conversion superior to direct AC-AC conversion?
Measuring of waviness
How to get corrugated plastic roofing strips to span 3m for rainwater exclusion experiment without building additional ground supports?
algorithm to compare items in a set
Is there an industrial process that makes use of photosynthesis?
WW2 technology - How was this on-screen frame counter added to old film-media footage?
Question with regard to spacex raptor engineand other full flow staged combustion engines
Does the coefficient of force for a built rocket engine change with chamber pressure?
Gear ratio comparisson
Matching Air blower CFM vs HEPA filter CFM, and ΔP in WG, for laminar flow design
Why is the tv playing if the carrier frequencies in our RF project appear unsupported?
Compute equilibrium temperature under a roof
Force of Jet from Air Compressor
Self Weight in Moment Distribution (Hardy Cross)
Is there an easy way to calculate carrier output of a planetary gear set which has two inputs?
How would I go about charging titanium dioxide for e-paper technology project?
What Is The Liquid Depth Inside The Tank?
Statics poblem with a pre-stretched spring
Why aren't detent clutches used in car transmissions?
Is an Adjustable Stiffness Flexure Spring possible?
How do I charge titanium dioxide particles submurged in black-dyed water in home?
Do concealed door closers exacerbate wear on a door's hinges?
Simple Fulcrum Analysis
How much aluminum does a HV, MV or LV transmission line use?
What kind of mechanisms are there to give an object free rotation?
Why does collector current increase with base current in BJT?
PID-control of undamped system
How to calculate new focal plane position when adding a lens to a lens system?
How to calculate traction force w.r.t. rotational speed of a shaft mounted at a certain angle on a surface?
How do I determine the temperature inside a transformer vault?
Need help in deriving components of forces when they depend on lengths and angles. (2 questions)
Reduction System for Gate-opener motor
Relative inefficiency of doorless fridges at supermarkets
Mass inertia tensor for rod non-symmetric regarding coordinate system origin
Plane Truss- Missing Member
How does ferranti effect occur?
How can I confirm nL Volume Measurement for Pump and Sensor Calibration
How can I model two attached rotating rings?
House construction using concrete panels
How to calculate the viscous damping coefficient given drag force
Proof load for screwing into aluminium plate
Get engine rpm using accelerometer
Forward converter currrent flow
Atmospheric motor concept plausible?
Ball and Socket Wheel Concept
In a planetary gearset is it possible to move both carrier and ring gear at the input speed while holding sun gear stationary?
Are there ways to measure modulus of elasticity with an experimental apparatus?
Shrink a laser spot size
How to compute the size of a polygon moving along non-circular guide rails
visualization of intersection of two objects
Is it possible to design automatic transmission without torque converter?
Arc-welding 2mm thick steel at an angle without burning-through
Why is the fluted edge of a twist drill bit sharp?
Why is the thread of the screw linear? Can it be wavy?
What is the difference between washer and O-ring? what is their advantages over the other?
Time to change temperature inside the box
Chain length increasing during rotation of chain sprocket pair?
How is "critical service" defined, according to DIN EN 1591-4?
What happens when an LCD screen shuts off?
FEA software for Orthotropic materials
What propulsion method: Franky Zapata hoverboard
Why are tri-axle trailers with single wheels more stable than double wheels?
Non Orthogonal Multiple Acess and Channel Quality Indicator
What is a material that allows air to pass but not water vapor?
Could stepper motor lose torque because of overheating?
What are the design trade-offs in the different rocket engine cycles for liquid propulsion systems
Steel tube wall thickness for moving a machine
Regarding automotive engine mounts
Turbineless steam propulsion for ships
Laser engravers and focal points
How to infer from the volume fraction function whether a flow is transient or steady?
How to estimate wind generation using power curve?
cnctrain set xxxlink
Regarding rubber vibration properties
Identify electronics connector from pinout
not sure how to use a signal from a sensor to make a lightbulb turn on or off
Spectral Efficiency of FDD, TDD, and FD
How exactly do noise canceling headphones work?
New Part Number for every firmware update?
Pressure Coefficient with a Minima of 0 on Compressor Airfoils in Cascade
Friction factor for wormgear design materials
Squirrel-cage air blower efficiency
How To Obtain The Correct Differential Gears With Motor Shaft Adapters
How to detect what wattage that my Windows laptop is receiving via USB-PD?
How to accumulate torque of multiple independent gears?
Why don't we have parabolic ceilings with mirrors & a light at the focus?
Question regarding calculation of angular velocity connected to coordinate transformation
Strange CAD excercises
Advice for suspension 101 for a small ATV robotic platform
Could a sound be only heard far from the speaker?
Calculating mass flow rate of a scramjet engine?
Why stagnation temperature doesn't change in stator
Design a part to straighten moment and reduce torsion
DC-DC Non-isolated Converter
Gear switching for simple differential steering
What is causing a pulsating, low-frequency vibration in an induction motor?
Effect of step pulse shape on stepper motor function
How to Find Drag Force from Skin Friction
Is it possible to simulate the electric power output of a linear alternator using finite element analysis software?If yes, which?
PC Controllable DC Power supply (0-30V)
Create Bezel-like ring mechanism
How to use a specific list of components in a stream in ASPEN-HYSYS?
How do trolleybus switches work?
What type of bearing should I use to allow a ring to rotate around a fixed axle
k-value Rigid Pavements
Problem regarding mathematical operators in concern with impulse
How to find Ship Longtitudinal Centre of Gravity
Power/energy density of an actuator
How to calculate a dynamic response from a transient response graph?
How do I find the vertical reaction forces?
What developments made diesel engines suitable for personal cars in the 1970s/1980s?
What wheel setup on a small, solar powered car, would have the least rolling friction?
Turbocharger boost control using two valves with a vac and boost reference for wide boost control range
Pressure Change and Tractive Force between Two Plane Surfaces
Is there a relationship between depth/diameter/etc... of meteoric craters and the strength (eg:compressive strength) of the target material (sand...)?
Memory management in for multiple cores of a processor
In an automatic transmission would it be better to have less shift elements applied in order to achieve gear ratio or more?
Can temperature gradient keep concrete wall below 100% RH in 100% RH atmosphere?
In a throttling process do we consider static pressure or stagnation pressure and is there a reverse throttling process?
What are the essentials of a good PRD (product requirements document) for a new mechanical device
Surface Area to Volume Ratio
Efficiency of a fully-engaged friction clutch
Car's shock absorbers' damping ratio
What is the smallest size of pipe to which I can Weld a 1 inch pipe Perpendicular to the Axis?
Is there something called the stagnation volume?
Aluminum tube vs steel
Confusion about throttling process
How does a nuclear powered rocket engine work?
When Convection exceeds radiation loss
Submerged gate hydrostatics question
Can a "surface drive" propeller be submerged if induced supercavitation reduces water surface area?
Any books about design of complex machines?
Can a car's Electronic Stability Control (ESC) operate using electromagnetic braking?
What engineering concepts are used in EV3 programming/ a Mindstorms robot?
Straight Pipe Thread
blockMesh fails with Foam::error::printStack
Can hydraulics be used with a squarish piston?
How to calculate required torque
Mechanical solution for keeping a vertical stack under pressure
How to connect to heating networks both with sources and consumers into one network?
pmma vs glass windows?
Most efficient turbine for harnessing energy from bidirectional air flow?
Difference between Allowable Bearing capacity Service and Ultimate?
At what level is the Grade Beam most effective at pile cap level or at Slab-on-grade level?
how do cordless lawn mowers determine lawn density
Drop Panel Design Above Columns?
Slab Stiffness Modifiers applied in Vertical Elements design but not in Slab design?
What is the Difference between ASCE and IBC Code?
Seismic Design Changes between ASCE and UBC Code?
Difference between ACI Code and Eurocode in Stiffness modifiers?
How to find Ship Transverse Metacentic Height
How to find Pontoon Inclination
light switch doesnt turn off lights
Temperature logging of li-ion cells
Why do Blast Furnace flue dust generates high rates of Zn (Zinc)?
Is it possible to do purification of Sodium Sulphate and which companies do this?
Inertial Forces while analysing forces on a Piston in a Slider - Crank Mechanism?
Feasibility of additively manufacturing large metal objects in microgravity/high vacuum (space)
Proper name for this weld adapter/sleeve/stub
How to connect a cable comb to a metal panel?
Controller vs Micro controller?
Is it economical to use solar energy to manufacture solar panels?
How can I use backcalculated modulus results from FWD testing to represent my existing condition using Pavement ME Design?
How can we model a full depth reclamation (FDR) layer with emulsion (wet FDR layer) in a pavement design?
Is it possible to reduce energy consumption of air separation unit by using single column rectification process?
Trouble with Valveless PulseJet
Comparing power requirements of centrifugal pump installations
What is the influence of precipitation on pavement performance in both jointed plane concrete pavements (JPCP) and asphalt concrete pavements?
Is learning VLSI design useful for a control/automation engineer?
What are some practical applications of nonlinear control and multivariable control in the industry?
Maximising the trace of the observability Gramian
is there any relationship between endurance limit and tensile strength for thermoplastics?
200A tig welder enough to weld 8mm thick steel flat bar/stainless steel sheet/tubing
Can we build a building that could last thousands of years, if it was abandoned, in a humid continental climate?
Formula natural frequency double wall
How deep do you have to check for problems underneath a building site?
How to design a magnet to handle a known force?
identify shackle or swivel tensioner mechanism
What topics in control theory should I learn after classical control theory?
long threaded couplers
Stone vs. Stainless Steel - Weather Resistance
From a mechanical point of view(Physics/Engineering) why are Front-Load washers said to clean/wash better than Top-Load washers on average?
reinforce section of 6x12 header
Proper Flow Meter Installation
Why doesn't the flow of current through the conductors in the rotor of a fan affect it?
Why does a tractor not do wheelie with a lot of weight on the trolley?
Wouldn't placing an inductor instead of a capacitor have the same effect in fans?
How to create RBE2 between the end edges of a cylinder and end nodes of a beam element in ANSYS APDL?
What is the effect of different ways to adding liquid materials into a mixing tank?
How are (portable) oxygen concentrators made?
When calculating a force, why do I get different result when I try to calculate via torque vs via sum of forces at an axis?
Final temperature of an isolated vessel - Thermodynamics
Minor losses in a header
Why does rebar in reinforced pre-stressed conrete reduce in deflection if compressive stress is applied to member?
Is it ok for clutch to slip in DCT in certain situations?
Effect of high frequency welding near by the electronic things
1 Ton of Refrigeration
Limiting the integral to a time window in PID controller
Calculating thickness of steel rod to support x weight?
How much are wind farms useful to manage wildfires?
control systems vs artificial intelligence?(in nut shell for beginners)
How are reinforced soil retaining walls replaced when they wear out?
What are the advantages of parallel pushrod configuration?
What's the point of ESD-safe tweezers?
Help with simple hydraulic circuit to use for a four legged Robot
74141 BCD-to-decimal converter lighting wrong/multiple LEDs
How to know which efficiencies to take into account when calculating power of a certain part of a power transmission system?
bearing keeps burning seals
accurate measurements with less accurate tools
How do I add the nodes' IDs and locations that are situated on a helix in space to a set in ADPL?
Torque induced regular precession/ nutation calculation and visualization out of attitude Data
Is Model order reduction good for complex models with a lot of contact points in them?
Does it matter the type of motor used ? Couldn't the wiring be changed to achieve high starting torque?
how to find objective function based on SSE for a multi-objective optimization
Why cannot series DC motors self regulate its speed?
Amphibious Car for college project
Equation to calculate flow rate
How to drive 12V servo motors using 5V PWM or 3.3V PWM using ARM MCU?
Are the Beam elements created from a 3D polyline in Ansys SpaceClaim also 3D in their DOF?
Save Field output in ABAQUS
Adaptive feedforward cancellation (AFC) and least mean squares (LMS) for periodic disturbance cancellation
Fixing a blind bolt hole when the first 2-3 threads are ruined?
ElectroMagnetic Pulling Force fdropoff with distance
Why does match properties does not include line weights?
Is Belytschko beam defined for 3D or 2D?
Isp Output of NASA CEA
Why are FBG sensors recalibrated every 10 years?
How is the first image generated in CT scan iterative reconstruction?
