The definite article usage with objects that have names
Proper use of "out to lunch", "out for lunch" and "out at lunch"
Where does the term "cold calling" originate from?
What's a "labour of love"?
Fractions as phrasal (compound) adjectives
How old is "Bollocks!"?
"Sick" or "ill"?
Is "you are looking at the clock through the mirror" correct?
How does one write the name of a married female and spouse in a list of classmates?
What is the correct word order between "have/had", "been", and "already" in statements?
"All of a sudden" vs. "all of the sudden"
Can changing the order of adjectives alter the literal meaning of a phrase?
Does "he has some issues to work out" have some special meaning?
"To his amazement the girl did kiss her hand and stretch it out"
"Where will I be," "where will I get to," "what place will I reach": What's the best way to ask?
What does "an adverb tells us something about the sentence" mean?
Alternative to "double entendre"?
"Automatic door—push to open."
Can “as” ever properly mean “because”?
What do salespeople mean by "don't sell the steak, sell the sizzle"?
"Perhaps, some bird lives in there" or "perhaps, a bird lives in there?"
Can I drop "for" in a short "for almost 5 years" answer?
How to correctly write a range of currency?
Are there other idioms like "a stone's throw away" that both describe an activity and act as a measurement?
Calling up a cat
Difference between "therapy" and "treatment"
"Smarter than me" or "smarter than I"?
Usage of colon in English writing
What does 'culture' mean in this sentence?
Difference in pronunciation between 'warship' and 'worship'?
What is the difference between American and British pronunciations of "world" and "girl"?
Meaning of "cross"?
The beginning place of love
Can you still call a woman "handsome"?
Usage of the word "meet" in the context of a phone call/video conference
Any better term than "Postscript"?
Can single quotes be used as double quotes for the purposes of denoting words?
Pronouncing "00's" (as in 2000's)
Is there an alternative to the word "coincidence" to describe when two say the same word spontaneously?
What is the meaning of "clubbed to death?"
Difference between "to foot the bill" and "to fill the bill"
Can "who" as a relative pronoun sometimes be omitted?
What is the nuance of ‘Slipping’ when you say ‘I started slipping my classes short writing assignments?’
Etymology of the word "broker"
How can I describe preparing before travel?
Referring to "the assertion made in the US Supreme Court's majority opinion"
Proper answer to "excuse me"
Meaning of "scared the hell out of someone"
What expression do you have in English as a counterpart to Japanese saying “Earthquake, Thunderbolt, Fire and Father"?
Is my worst enemy my best friend (interpreting negative adjectives applied to negative nouns)?
Can I use two prepositions in this example, or is one better?
Where to use these words exactly: "simple," "simplicity"
Meaning of M'year, S'year etc. in academic biographies
"Most random" vs "Randomest"
"Chair" or "chairman?"
What does "I can prove it on an abacus" mean?
Where does the term "Smurfing" come from?
Number agreement between subject and object
Differences between "technic" and "technique"
What is the origin of "nonchalance?"
What does "No Thanks!" mean?
who vs that as a pronoun
Where does "funk" and/or "funky" come from and why the musical reference?
Synonym for "It is easy to acknowledge accuracy to be a very important feature"
What's a word for "widespread," but not so wide?
How did “tongue-in-cheek” get its current meaning?
"Called himself doing"
What is the difference between "destruction" and "deconstruction"?
"It's" versus "its" frequencies
"It stands without reason" or "it stands to reason"
"Help save the planet with your mobile phone"
"Connotation" vs. "Definition"
What's the meaning of "a staple amongst the community"?
How do I refer to a number in an image in a scientific paper?
Advice for using multiple same-gender personal pronouns in the same sentence
"BookList" or "booksList?"
What's the origin of the stock phrase "tall, dark, and handsome"?
"Nice to see you, to see you nice!"
Are "come round" and "visit" interchangeable?
What does 'should' mean in this sentence?
Describing directions using the clock face
Is this sentence that uses many forms of "have" grammatical?
What is the plural form of "iPad 2"?
"You'll find that..."
What's the difference between an "aphorism" and a "maxim"?
What is the word for dating documents by the mistakes in them?
Transitive form of "to be"
What's the origin and reasoning behind the phrase, "I've got a monkey on my back"?
"Leaving a field intact for a season"
Are there nouns that are always plural — have no plural counterpart?
How to express "to look at more or all sides" and "consider more or all views" for a thing?
A word for a statement that sounds true because it sounds good
Nuances between "stoic" and "stolid"
Confusion about a stanza from Rudyard Kipling
"Influence of media in our lives," or "influence of media on our lives?"
Why is "albeit" pronounced the way it is?
Is "bestowing anonymity" the right term or expression?
"In time" versus "on time"
Preposition usage: on, in, and at
I often get confused by the usage of "located " and "situated"
How to use "have resonance with"?
'Irrealistic' or 'unrealistic'?
Understanding independent clauses
What do you call the impressive short sentences catalogs and magazine use to write product descriptions?
Is “If I would have X” an Indian shibboleth?
Analyzing Will Ferrell's "I Thought" joke
What does ‘Long on looks, short on spirit’ mean?
Meanings of “take it easy”
When do I use present perfect tense instead of the simple past?
Common way to say "give it some veracity"
Is this the right way to express concession using inversion?
Is there any suffix expressing “demand a lot”?
"maple tree" or "maple"?
"In the next" or "in next?"
Are these sentences grammatical?
"Badly" versus "poorly"
Is it possible for 'crying' in this example to refer to 'them'?
Is there a word for "clever fool?"
"They knew what mercy is" vs. "they knew what mercy was"
"Indispensible": is it correct?
Reading out numbers in English
"Is there any proof" versus "are there any proofs"
Meaning of "steady-as-she-goes financial package"
How should I construct "the who"?
Capitalize names of a company's departments?
Usage of "so that"
"Not much I can hand to you this very moment"
What objects can be classified as anonymous?
Why does "I got 'busted' for smoking weed" mean 'caught'?
Relating to tournaments.. what's that word?
"All Things Is/Are Ephemeral"
Where did "I'm Jonesing" get its meaning from?
How are artificial constructions such as l33t classified with regards to English?
What is the difference between “prophecy” and “fortune telling”?
More on 'who should she see': what part of speech is 'should' in this phrase?
What is the meaning of “till death do us part”?
"In the nick of time" or "in a nick of time?"
Which of these two sentences seems more acceptable?
"It is they who lied" or "it is them who lied?"
preposition used with “autonomous”:  “of ” vs “from”
Shouldn’t "Heaven" and "Hell" be capitalized, as they are the names of places?
Is it acceptable to drop the comma in "Thanks, John"?
Does "lesser" as in "lesser man" refer only to moral strength and goodness or can it encompass physical and mental stamina?
Which is more correct: "burgled" or "burglarized"?
What is the meaning of “runneth”?
Does the verb 'skid' take an object?
What is the possessive for several names?
What are the principles that make certain lists sound euphonious?
"What number is our wagon?" or "What's our wagon number?"?
What is the difference between "exemption" and "exception"?
Does one differentiate A "from" B, or differentiate A "and" B?
Is there an alternative to "that much less"?
What is the difference between 'despair' and 'hopeless'?
Any reference on the usage of a backtick and single quotation mark like `this'?
"Why do not you come here?" vs "Why do you not come here?"
Using "it's" vs. using "it is" at the end of a sentence
Is there a word for something that does NOT belong to someone?
What is this idiom: "I'm going to start taking names and..."?
Gender-independent replacement for “fiancée” and “fiancé”
Is it "out of question" or "out of the question"?
Is there a name for the genre that "movies of the future" fall into?
US usage of 'mad'
What are the meanings of 'oppress', 'repress' and 'suppress'?
What is the etymology of "…kick ass and take names"?
"Automatically" vs "In an automated manner"
April Fool's day = April (Fool's day) or (April Fool)'s day
"loving" vs. "love"
Does "to err on the side of ... " indicate wrongdoing?
What are the metaphorical ways to say that someone has died?
Agreement in "[Singular Noun] Is/Are [Plural Noun]"?
What is the difference between "legacy" and "inheritance"?
What is the historical process by which words formerly considered vulgar become simply rude words?
Should I write "repartee" with an accent?
Can "nuisance" be an adjective?
Does 'from' in this example mean 'some'?
Is this grammatical construction an imperative for the third person?
Why is "sauté" spelled with an accent and "repartee" not?
Is 'expanse' an acceptable synonym for 'surface'?
What is the difference between 'roof' and 'canopy'?
Abbreviation “n.d.” in citation?
Is the following sentence grammatically correct? It doesn't sound right
What does ‘Irresistible mayhem’ and “I love you in 18 syllables.” mean in describing Elisabeth Taylor’s charm?
Can I drop the second "having" in this sentence?
Does "bend your knees, please" have the same meaning as "squat down, please"?
Do I need to use comparative degree?
Why use 'way' in this sentence?
What does the phrase “I’m down with” mean?
What does it mean to “grow organically”?
Does the term "comma separated" mean "Goodbye" in any way?
Did the underscore character exist before modern computers?
What's the difference between “bucket” and “pail”?
The opposite of "contains"
Are there any archaic words in older strands of English that approximate the modern term "badass"?
Storage for abstract things?
What's the meaning of 'sheer' in this context?
How to correctly specify a range of temperatures in both Fahrenheit and Celsius?
Where does the word "masochism" come from, and how did it work its way into popular usage?
Is there a better word or phrase for “somewhat ostentatious”?
"Shnide"? "Schneid"? Which is it and what's this term's origin?
Can a person be (at the?) state-of-the-art [on/in/of] something?
What's the difference between "Weltanschauung" and "worldview"?
What are exchanges like "How are you," "I'm fine," and "See you later" called?
Why use "Hell" to emphasize a statement?
How should lists of questions be punctuated?
Derivation of "anus" from "annulus"?
"By foot" vs. "on foot"
"Advise" vs. "advice"
Is a statue made of bronze called bronzed or brazed?
Usage of "we" as plural second-person
"Something like that"
The grammaticality of "that don't impress me much"
How are relative familial titles used for members who died prior to your birth?
Where did the idiom "giving a heads up" come from?
Present or Past tense to describe a past condition which is still present?
When is a person called a "lightning rod"?
Simple present used to describe past events as a list of actions?
"Done" vs. "did" & "seen" vs. "saw"
What does 'it' refer to in this example?
Is there another interjection that can be used in this example?
What is a good synonym for "devil"?
Can adjectives always be used as nouns when they denote a plural and are preceded by the definite article?
What does "the deed is done, the doers undone" in a headline mean?
Does a nominative sentence suggest that a characteristic is more of a permanent feature?
Is "how much ever" grammatically correct?
What is the meaning of “you bet!”?
Should "that" and "the" be used in these situations?
What do I call a person who is participating in a survey?
What's the proper way to dedicate a paper with a "to the memory of"?
Can I say, "Your example was quite graphical"?
"Guild" versus "association"
What's the meaning of "as it did" in this sentence?
What is the etymology of "blackguard"? Does this British-sounding word have subtleties in its use?
What is the word for "understandable by specific group"?
Usage of "if and only if" as a nontechnical term
Is it always bad to use "get" or "got"?
What is the proper preposition for this question?
What is an adjective for words that rhyme or sound similar?
What is the meaning of the phrase: "N weeks ago tomorrow"?
Is there a name for the kind of sounds commonly found in profanities?
Which one is correct? (Usage of "reach" vs. "arrive")
Compound words: what real compound word is composed of most words?
Is there a word that contains all the vowels?
"Did you find" versus "have you found"
Does "someone appeared to help me" have two meanings?
Valid or not: "Treat others with the same respect you’d want them to treat you"?
What's the origin of the phrase "around the horn"?
How are certain technical words used in British English?
What does “shooting trout in a demitasse cup” mean?
Could "extraordinary few exceptions" be correct?
Difference between "in" and "into"
How does the "partial" in "I'm partial to" relate to the "partial" in "partial fraction"?
Should I say this forum is a free 'voting discussion' or 'voted discussion' site?
British usage of “cha”, “char” or “chai” to mean “tea”
What's the difference between "null" and "void" in legal language?
Difference between "town", "city" and "metropolis"?
"The more often — the better." Is it possible to say that?
In the movie "Meet the Fockers" does the word "Focker" really sound different?
Can I say "I (have) dropped the chair"?
Is it possible to say "as you can"?
Can you rephrase this sentence (about storing files)?
How often do words change meaning then revert back to their original meaning?
The meaning of "no more … than"
Should I pause before or after the "that" of an object clause?
"For every day" vs. "with every day"
Can “itch” be a transitive verb, i.e., can an itch be itched?
Single word for "village of dreams"?
To capitalize "department" or not
"Tug at your heart" or "tug at your heart strings"?
A "human cue tip"?
Why do we say “Japan earthquake” and not “Japanese earthquake”?
Why is "help wanted" phrasing used in job ads?
Is "is" an auxiliary verb in the sentence "John is working now"?
How might I name the items of a Likert scale?
Why use "at" in this way?
Which of the following phrases is correct?
Do you have English counterpart to “To ask a question is a shame of a moment. Not to ask the question is a shame for whole life”?
Either of two [subject]s was/were?
What do I call a person who submits content?
What is the difference in meaning and usage between "excoriate" and "execrate"?
What is the counterpart to 'reply'?
Do people in Miami really talk like they do in the television series "Dexter"?
Usage of the verb "provide"
"To be" differences with other languages
"systematize" vs. "systemize"
What does "Man of the room" mean?
Is the phrase "move over" an official English idiom? And if so, is it only in American English?
How can I phrase a question about a theoretical event in the past, which cannot happen anymore?
Why is this show called "Singapore Idol", not "Singaporean Idol"?
Why is it "either . . . or" and "neither . . . nor"?
Is there a word that means "as its name would suggest"?
Which is correct: "So far as I know" or "As far as I know"?
Noun for "receive"?
Past tense of "to wing"?
What's an adjective to describe the type of writing found in essays?
How do I say "WWI" out loud?
Do serious grammarians endorse the "Can I"/"May I" distinction?
How do I handle articles with parenthetical statements?
Should sentences like "I wonder..." end with a question mark?
Euphemisms for pornography, violence, and hate
What is it called when a single word is offset by commas?
Is the sentence "we grew warmer and warmer" grammatical?
Animalisms... What other terms derive from parts of an animal, like 'wing it', or 'hoof it'?
Are greetings and salutations redundant in an e-mail?
"grew warmer" vs. "became warmer"
Use of the word "aforementioned"
What is meant by the phrase "which is to say"?
Meaning of "miss"
What's the difference between using "in the way" and "on the way"?
What does “Serve red meat to the crowd" mean?
Avoiding the use of "the reader"?
What were nightmares called before "nightmare" was used in that sense?
"At this late hour"
"Time settles everything"
"It's too late for me to do that now."
Must an "accident" evolve from human error?
"I hate when..." vs "I hate it when..."
Difference between “How do I ...” and “How can I ...”
"They know not of what they speak."
"Arab" or "Arabic" or "Arabian"?
"Unselect" or "Deselect"?
From which language has English borrowed the most words?
What is the exact term for resolving all sub-domains (*.stackexchange.com) to www.stackexchange.com
What is a single word describing a person who opposes another, yet is of equal status to them?
What's the difference between "blond" and "blonde"?
What does "Clyst" mean?
What word would you use for movement of bushes?
Usage of '' to mean "ditto"
Origin of "of course"?
In older variations of English in history, how much evidence of written language samples are needed to define the grammar and usage of that period?
Does "surfeit" have an adjectival counterpart?
"Biweekly", "bimonthly", "biannual", and "bicentennial"
Alternative expressions to explain jargon in a sentence?
"put away in my pocket" vs. "tucked away in my pocket"
Are there other repeated single word sentences like the Buffalo sentence?
What does "life's a beach" mean?
"Knocked up" to mean "woken up"
"Even though" vs. "even if"
Why is it "The King's Speech" but "Le Discours d'un Roi"?
When is creating punctuation appropriate?
What are the correct titles for the attendee/guest relationship?
"Ph" for the /f/ sound; Is Old English responsible for this swap?
Why can't I say "I have a brown hair"?
What is the grammatical function of 'that' in this sentence?
Asking somebody to select between two or more options
What would be an appropriate opposite of "exceed"?
What is a single word describing this type of statement?
Why can positive statements end with a negative question and vice versa?
"It isn't" versus "it's not"
Is "I am sat" bad English?
Is it acceptable to use "especially" at the beginning of a sentence?
Which is the correct statement "tolerate against" or "tolerate with"?
What is the difference between "fine" and "good"?
Should one use 'a' or 'an' when the following word is in parentheses?
"has been" vs "have been"
What is the meaning of the phrase ‘in timely fashion’?
What is wrong with phrasing like "configure how"?
What is the pejorative for people who only practice their faith while at the place of worship?
Parenthetical double negation?
Etymology of reduplicative compound "nitty-gritty"
"Add connections" or "Create connections"?
"I am working" or "I have worked almost two months at this project"?
You cannot "eat your cake and have it" or "have your cake and eat it"?
What is the "explicit"'s equivalent of "imply"?
How do I perform presidential proper noun declension?
What is an "infinitive"?
Who/What decides if a word is "proper" English?
Spelling of "moustache"
Why there's a difference between the two common appearances of the letter “a”?
What do “[People] talk about the baggage,” and “[Candidates] have lots of baggage” mean?
"Approve (of)," "assent," "consent," and "grant"
Should "that" or "it" be used in this sentence?
Is "I lost my bus" correct usage?
Pronunciation of "the"
"Things which are hung/mounted on wall" in a single word?
Difference between 'gear up' and 'ready'
'Aside from' Vs 'Besides'
"understand" or "understood"?
What's a word that suggests having very long ears?
The grammatical strangeness of "done me wrong" and "did me service"
"To hear" or "to hearing"?
Should I use "who" or "whom" as the only word in a sentence?
Meaning of "makes no sense"
20's Slang and idioms
Words whose pronunciation remains the same with the last four letters removed
Is there a name for letters that "cross the line" (hang low) when written in lowercase (g, j, p, q, y)?
Does “uxorious” have sexual connotations?
"What needs to be done" vs "What is needed to be done"
Is "I am still taking fun of it" correct usage?
How did the word "beaver" come to be associated with vagina?
Why did the descriptive "Orientals" shift into a pejorative?
Making adult decisions "is" or "are" really not fun: Which is correct?
On the specifics of illegitimate children
Why are 'blueish' and 'bluish' both considered correct spellings?
How did the "-ish" suffix come to denote the approximate meaning of the word it is attached to?
The word ‘dryly’ as an adverb
Meaning of "it's long past time to ..."
What is difference between "a tad," "a bit," "a little?" Why do you use "a tad?"
Another way to say "the end of our relationship."
"It was from that moment where" vs. "it was from that moment when"
Unfamiliar use of "cricket"
Is "East or west India is the best" grammatically correct?
"Little by little I began to have increasing doubts"
"shall" vs. "will"
Synonyms for "little by little"
If you're happy and you know it, clap your hands
Does a comma have to be used before a quotation?
What does "booty-trap" mean here?
Meaning of 'metaphor' in this sentence
Is this grammatically correct? “Thinking of you and I”
A term for released software that is still being actively developed
"because" after "since"
Meaning of "true north"
"It's getting close to goodbye"
Can this sentence be switched around like this?
What is a dry sense of humor?
"Scientific" versus "scientifical"
Can "hence" be used at the beginning of a sentence?
"Last Name" and "surname"
Can the terms "jingoism" and "ethnocentrism" be used interchangeably?
Etymology of "ripsnorter"?
Ending sentence with two nouns?
How can I change the tense of a hyphenated verb?
How to reply to question tags
Less formal synonyms for "barred"
What is the correct usage of "those"?
Antonym of 'stigma'
Is this a correct sentence?
Where did the term "garage band" originate from?
Where did the "odd" in "N odd years" come from?
"No more dirty dishes shall meet the eye."
Instruments (tools) used by a thief
How to pronounce "halcyon"?
How do I present a word ending in “‑f ” that may be plural or singular?
Does the word 'God' with a capital G have a plural form?
Single word to use instead of "can't" or "won't"
When can a noun be used attributively?
"Please advise" -- why is this a common turn of phrase for foreign speakers of English?
Does anybody pronounce the word "pillow" as "pellow"?
"Inner" but not "outter"?
Why is it ‘a thousand and one’ when government employees ask questions on possible government shutdown?
Why do so many people use a preposition with which to end a sentence?
Is “checking my résumé” ok?
How to use "have been" and be-verbs -- what's the difference between them?
Meaning of "it was gone 2pm"?
"If I was really ugly" versus "if I were really ugly"
Meaning of "I feel so helpless"
Synonym for "utilize" that means "to use without waste"
What is a good word between 'slave' and 'servant'?
About the pronoun "one"
What is the difference between ‘discover’ and ‘uncover’?
What is the grammatical function of the word ‘ever’ in this example?
Meaning of "all left reserved" and "all right reserved"?
What is the origin in a strong Scouse accent of the phoneme /x/ or sometimes /kx/?
Sources say English was rhotic in the 17th century -- how do they know that?
Why is most North American speech rhotic?
How to use "have been —ing"
What is a feminine version of 'guys'?
What's an eloquent way to say "The secret is out?"
What is a feminine version of "dude"?
How derogatory is “chicks” when used to refer to women?
Does 'symbolic' mean the same as 'symbolical', and should one be preferred?
What's the meaning of “in virtue of itself”?
"Who to follow" or "whom to follow"?
Words starting with a 'gw' sound: how many exist? Where do they come from?
Verb form of "spontaneous human combustion"
Is the usage of the idiom "Move Over" in this passage clear on what side to move over to?
What's a word for saying 'entering a room suddenly and fast'?
Is there a better way to say: "My question is, is..." (e.g. "The question is, is it the right time")
Why do we say "[expletive] ALL" for "nothing"?
Worshippers of the rising sun
What is the name of that motion where one repeatedly bows to another with arms outstretched?
Past-Tense of the Verb "CC"
What is the meaning of P.S. in a name?
When did television become known as the 'tube'?
What is the female version of "phallic"?
Proper usage of "Dreaded"
What does ‘Camel gets his nose under the tent’ mean?
"Untick" vs. "uncheck": which is more common in Canadian English?
How to change this to active voice?
History of "Asian American" / "African American" nomenclature
Words that have opposing definitions?
Why is news said to be "breaking"?
What words sound like opposites but are synonyms?
Difference in pronunciation between "your" and "you're"?
Answer or solution to an exercise?
"Like fun, but dangerous"
Is there a single word for "money-mindedness"?
Meaning of " ‘Western’ world" and alternative terms
Plural of "learning"
Is it "consumer savings" or "consumers’ savings"?
History of "System" in English language
Why do we "get cold feet"?
Use of 'blancbec' in English
Which saying is correct?
Etymology of "housework" and "homework"
Positive-sounding substitute for "dull"/"boring"?
Does the phrase "legend has it" mean a legend is factually accurate?
Why do we say "honeymoon" instead of "honeymonth"?
How was 'Sundae' derived from 'Sunday'?
Punctuation after "P.S."
"Query" vs. "Inquiry"
Usage of the future subjunctive
"Common" or "usual"?
Does anybody know the origin of the phrase ‘clued up’?
Can the word ‘genius’ be used as an adjective?
Why are there so few words in English that are derived from Welsh?
What is the origin of the phrase ‘By the by...’?
What is it called when the word "sorry" is not used for apologizing?
Use "or" or "nor"?
Gay (homosexual) and gay (happy)
How to describe narrated action?
Are there commonly used words to denote different gradations of friendship in English?
Bare infinitive and gerund participle
What is the grammatical function of 'so' in this example?
Difference between "somewhere" and "anywhere"
Is there a word for someone who is a lover of the incidental or coincidence?
Formal alternative for "like" and "such as"?
Is it correct to write "is done fully automatically" or "is done fully automatic"?
What are the guidelines for usage of "will" and "is/are going to"?
Plural of "A good night's sleep"
What is an "Open loop"?
Is "so" a pronoun?
Is "a wide range of features" singular or plural?
Can "latter" be used to refer to the last of a list of names that is more than 2?
"Wonder if (a subject) won't"
Speculative conditional: Why does it use the past tense or past perfect tense?
"He does more than (is) necessary."
Ordering of English sound changes in verbal morphology
What is the meaning behind: ''Mind your Ps and Q's" - how did it originate?
Should I use adjacent parentheses or a semicolon (or something else)?
Why do people say "over-" and "underwhelmed" but never just "whelmed"?
How to deal with abbreviations at the end of a question?
Can one say "I should like" rather than "I would like"? Is the former grammatical?
Plural of "Popeye"
Slang words for body parts
Is "Should be *ing" a valid English phrasing?
Using "seldomly"
Did the term "multitasking" come from the computer realm?
Does sympathy necessarily mean pity?
When to use "has lived" vs. "lived" vs. "had lived"
"pseudo-", "quasi-" "semi-" and 
What does ‘The show is all pump-up, no narrative” mean?
Why is X used when we pronounce it Z?
Which one is right "Thanks a lot" or "Thanks lots"
What is the difference between a "legation" and an "embassy"?
What does the phrase "Fee-fi-fo-fum" actually mean?
Is it correct to say, "Jamie and I look forward to seeing you and Kate on Friday?"
"to complete X to Y" OR "into Y" OR both wrong
Presence or absence
Is the term "would-be" just an Indian usage or universal?
Why does this abbreviation "tl;dr" have a punctuation mark in it?
The grammar of the parenthesis clause
Which word meaning "someone who kills bad substances" can be used in an ad campaign?
Is there any subtle difference between "to study" and "to learn"?
Are there synonyms for "love marriage"?
Short phrase for "things I did (wrote, drew, created, etc) when I was younger"?
"May not" -- no choice vs. mere restriction
One word noun for "truth-teller"?
IPA pronunciation of 'Bazinga'
"Center" or "centre" in sports vocabulary?
A polite substitution for "lamer"
What is the formal version of "8 a.m. until"?
"Would" with a present meaning—is this correct?
Opposite of 'contaminate'
Is there a reason the British omit the article when they "go to hospital"?
What do "a.m." and "p.m." stand for when talking about time?
Is "uncarefully" a word?
Acronyms: "a" vs "an"
Why do Americans say "tuna fish"?
Is it true that iambic pentameter is "natural" to English? If so, why?
"convey" vs. "say"
"I can't get the message across."
"Insecure" or "unsecure" when dealing with security?
Singular or plural following a list
Why is the singular of "year" used in phrases like "72-year-old" and "20-year jail sentence"?
"fail to convey it"
Difference between "output" and "outcome"?
What is the difference in meaning and usage between the words "topic", "theme", "subject"?
Origin of "I kid you not"
"Farthest" vs. "furthest"
Synonym for "media item"
Difference between "had [verb] not to" and "hadn't [verb] to"
"cannot" vs. "must not"
"If it hadn’t been for the rock, the ship wouldn’t have gone aground"
Is "New and Improved" an oxymoron?
Rules for capitalization in presentation titles
Is it correct to say "consecutively in time"?
Inhabitants of Vatican City would be referred to as ____
"Please let me know."
Recognizing a Welsh accent
Does "hieroglyph" only refer to the ancient Egyptian form of writing or to any writing system whose basic elements represent words?
Do I use italics for hotel and restaurant names?
"A user" or "an user"?
What's a word for a group of questions asked together?
Different ways to pronounce "augh"
When using the preposition "for" should it be followed with the subjective or objective case?
What do first, second, and third person perspective mean? Why are they so called?
What's the difference between "these" and "those"?
In what contexts would one use the slang word "minging" in British English?
What is the word for an action that is "considered to be frowned upon"?
Expression for the connection between RNA strands
Is ''thanks'' singular or plural?
How to properly use "lump sum"
Using "utilize" instead of "use"?
Is there a difference between "vice", "deputy", "associate", and "assistant" as descriptive job titles?
Multiple comparatives of different types: how to choose?
What is meant by "sth"?
What is the difference (in terms of usage and connotation) between "loath" and "loathe"?
Apostrophe for words ending with the letter S
Can anyone give me a grammatical explanation as to why "that being said" is proper English?
Ways to ensure the interlocutor understands you
"Unicorn": what other words have this "cornus" etymology?
Are there resources or tools for "reverse etymology"?
What does "like kicking a puppy" mean?
"Upper-case" is to "capital" as "lowercase" is to what?
"Tit for tat"—Where does this come from?
Which acronyms are used for epochs? How are the acronyms placed?
What's the meaning of "Acme developers for IPhone"?
What does the term 'divers places' mean?
Usage of "assume" vs. "presume"
Talking about a student who has been in exams
Origin of "washing up"
That which was promised
What is the difference between "chasing" or "catching"?
Origin of the idiom "butt of jokes"
What's the difference between 'fallacy' and 'misnomer'?
Is being "low on the totem pole" good or bad?
How to introduce someone
Response to "What's up?" in various conversations
What does "Google-fu" mean?
How is "e.g." pluralized?
What does an exclamation mark inside parentheses "(!)" mean?
What's the difference between "onto" and "on to"
What is the correct pronunciation of the word "solder"?
Difference between "garbage" and "trash"?
Is saying "someone who is in trouble and who can’t be talked out of it" a quite natural expression?
What is a finite verb?
Naming 1, 2, 3, ... millennial celebrations
Is the word "will" some conjugation of the verb "to be"?
"Environmentally-friendly" vs. "Environment-friendly"
What are common word sets for describing ranks in a profession?
Are the tense and syntax in this sentence correct?
"His head" or "their head"?
More than an intermediate but less so than an expert
What's the difference between "image" and "glyph"?
Why is it a "night on the town" and not "night in the town"?
What's the meaning of "learned a thing or twelve"?
Purchase price/cost/worth/value/… — which one?
What's the meaning of 'a court of'?
Difference between 'hallucination' and 'illusion'
Are 'consecutively' and 'successively' the same?
What is another word for an identifier?
Why do we say 'commentator' instead of 'commenter'?
What do you call the publisher's logo on the title page and spine of a book?
To 'know' a person — online versus in person
Is the response "I am fine, thank you. And you?" outdated?
How to name a part of a piechart
Is there a single word for "one who speaks/boasts a lot about everything"?
Why did Old Testament scholars choose to employ "to know" in a sexual sense?
Difference between "sky" and "air"
When you have 5 instead of 4, what's the word instead of "quadrant"?
"Instant" vs. "instantaneous" 
What is this phrase, "I hope we catch up," called when "catch" may be confused with what's done with a  baseball?
What is the correct usage of "myriad"?
Why aren’t all grains called “grains”?
When to use "me" or "myself"?
Should I use a comma or semicolon to separate these ideas?
Is it correct to say "I fancy your photos"?
"If I were" or "If I was"?
Can ";" be used to replace the word "but"?
Usage of "an" before nouns beginning with an "h" where that "h" is not silent
How many tenses are there in English and what are they?
"Too much time has passed."
Are vowel ligatures common in any disciplines these days?
"has gone by" or "has gone bye?"
Alternatives to leading a sentence with the conjunctive adverb "However"
New sentence after semicolon
Can "..." mean the same thing as a semicolon?
What does "going blue" mean?
Why is "Chop Gate" pronounced so strangely?
Term for "over stimulation"
What's the perfect word that brings to mind a red-headed woman?
What exactly does "President Obama will ‘fold faster than a lawn chair’" mean?
Difference between 'sentimental' and 'emotional'?
"On the other hand" without the first hand
Difference between terminology and nomenclature?
Other words/expressions for "mathematical equation"
Expressions in Tim Minchin's "Storm"
Which word you would choose as a superlative of "wrong"?
Which is more correct here: "find" vs. "have found"?
What is the difference between an apocalypse and a cataclysm?
When should I use "your", and when "you're"?
What's the difference between "lingo" and "jargon"?
Are contractions like "didn't" forbidden in written English?
"action is told rather than given" - what does it mean?
What qualifies as a "boat" or an "automobile"?
Will some parents be offended when being asked, "Is it male or female?"
What does "on a hiding to nothing" mean?
What is correct in this case, "probable" or "probably"?
What does “poke one in the eye” mean?
Can something be "exactly" and "probably"?
What's the difference between 'addictive' and 'addicting'?
To crumple up a paper
What does "you'll be in your whack" mean?
How offensive is it to call someone a "slag" in British English? (NSFW)
"Bob's your uncle" ... no he's not!
Usage of the word "sensual" with music
Origin of "I can haz"?
Is there a more generic word for US-centrism?
What is a term for the "first" meaning of a word?
Is 'equivocate' a euphemism for 'lie' or can it not be about lying?
Speaking of insults: "sod off!" meaning and origin
In baseball, is it proper to pluralize "RBI"?
"Best of luck" or "Best luck"?
What's the difference between a cathedral and a basilica?
How to ask the gender of someone if you have to?
How to say that something that was inappropriate for some particular purpose now works?
What is the etymology of "golden boy"?
"At the beginning" or "in the beginning"?
What exactly does "fap" mean? [NSFW]
Is there a symbol out there capable of denoting a chapter in a citation?
Do "that" and "it" refer to different things in this sentence?
"I feel bad for you" versus "I feel badly for you"
The sentence with the most prepositions at its end -- does it really work?
To use "to" or not to?
Garbage/stuff words
Punctuation around the word "OK" at the end of a sentence
Origin of "jack sh*t"
"Semitic" and "anti-Semitic"
Which is the correct word to use here: "consensus" or "majority"?
Word describing the reversal of emotions
Is it wrong to use the word "codes" in a programming context?
"Upvote" vs. "up vote" vs. "up-vote"
Usage of the word "game"
"Plugging in X" vs. "plugging X in"
Saying “today morning” to mean “this morning”
'May I speak to....' vs 'May I speak with...' vs 'May I talk to...'
What exactly does it mean to "mug somebody off" in British English?
XOXO means "hugs and kisses" but why?
Are "should" and "if" interchangeable at the beginning of a sentence?
Is it spelled "propeling" or "propelling" in American English?
"won't" vs. "wouldn't"
"To have a dinner" vs "to have dinner": which one is correct?
What did they call illegitimate children in Old English days?
How can I interpret the meaning of “narrative” in different situations?
What's the better preposition to use with "love" -- "love for" or "love of"?
Is there a specific word for this kind of re-sealable plastic seal?
What is the meaning of "transparent contempt"?
Is there a shorter alternative for "Enjoy your meal"?
use of the interjection "but lo' ..."
Are "like" and "such as" completely synonymous?
Syntax for marking incorrect examples of language
A one-word synonym of "to give meaning to"?
Just how important are grammar and spelling?
In what dialects does "often" rhyme with "soften"?
Are any of the t-glottolization, th-fronting, h-dropping, etc. in English a phonological complex?
Is it true that Cockney English is disappearing? And being replaced with "Jafaican"?
Politically correct term for someone who is Internet challenged?
How serious an insult is "wanker" in British English? [NSFW]
Please teach me how to use ‘hot diggity’, and the meaning of ‘corkscrew twists’
Is "believe you me" proper English?
Does "you're" also qualify as a valid contraction for "you were"?
Is the phrase, "Use commas sparingly" a valid piece of advice?
Is there a term for "mains power" in U.S. English?
What's the meaning of "on notice" and "under advisement"?
Plural form of the acronym LASER
Why are numbers sometimes spelled out and then numerals specified as well?
What does "the Catskills have hardly sunk to them" mean?
What's the origin of the common phrase "I call shenanigans"?
When should I choose "had come" over "came" in the following sentence?
Are "not uncommon" and similar phrases double negatives? Should their use be avoided?
Why do people so often use "jive" when they actually mean "jibe"?
Do my prejudices get "fulfilled"?
Is "wait up!" considered correct English?
Is "dawdle" a common verb in American English?
Can I omit the verb in the second part of this sentence, after the colons?
How do you get from the literal meaning of "all bets are off" to the idiom?
Can there be a "100% sale"?
Is "computing cycles" a correct term in English?
Meaning of "Ship in volume"
AVC or A.V.C or A.V.C
Indirectly saying "I love you"
"Major location" versus "primary location"
Is it acceptable to omit the last period of an acronym?
Constructions like "A good shot"
Words with different meanings in American and British English
Does America have its Versions of U- and Non-U English?
What is a "thread of a bow" called?
Why do they say "love fifteen," in tennis?
What's the difference between the universe and the cosmos?
What is a good synonym for "attribute"?
Why did this Brit say "took a punt"?
When should you use a semicolon *with* a conjunction?
Is there a term for a flaw in logic?
"...must have taken ‘after’ his daddy."
"Election results" or "elections result"
When do we use "arrive at" versus "arrive in"?
Framing a question to which you reply with "I am the third born in my family"
What/who are "toy soldiers"?
Should I use the article 'a' here? Or nothing at all?
What is the term for starting an essay with a story or anecdote to pique the reader's attention?
What's a good term to denote a fixed cost?
What does "to take someone at face value" mean?
What does "blanding" mean?
Pronunciation of the English alphabet
What part of speech is "turn" in the phrase "it's my turn"?  What's its origin?
Is it better to be "hung like a pike" or "hung like a stickleback"?
Does "all in" mean... "tired"?
How and in what way did the Danes come to influence English?
Which is correct: To "take a medical leave" or to "take medical leave"?
Meaning of the phrase "put down one's papers"
Correct punctuation of a phrase?
Complete sentence: Is the subjunctive mood suitable for this case?
What's the difference between "neural" and "neuronal"?
Can "since" and "wouldn't" be used in the same sentence?
"Show," "shown," and "showed"
Is there a single word to mean "rate of procrastination"?
What do these confusing lyrics mean?
What does 'graft probe’ mean? Is it well-received word?
What is the correct positioning of "Please" in a sentence or indeed is there one?
Meaning of "you don't need no memory" and its grammar or rhetoric
Is there a sentence containing every letter without repeating?
Where did the term "cheesy" come from?
Is there a term to describe something difficult to find but easy to understand?
Evolution of the meaning of "to dwell"
“Let me say this on the outset …”
What's the correct usage of "tell" here?
Punctuation to introduce a list: comma vs. colon vs. nothing
Is there any difference in meaning between "faith" and "blind faith"?
Where is "pejorative" pronounced " ˈpejəˌrātiv"?
What's the difference between "colloquium", "seminar", and possibly other such words?
Changing "abroad on permanent accommodation" to sound better
"I was wondering what/which are ..." or "I was wondering what/which ... are"
Why is a woman a "widow" and a man a "widower"?
Why is the "a" in "cocoa" silent?
"strongly" or "strong"?
Why do I so often want to replace "happen" in sentences?
Single word for "thin slice"
Where does "hot damn!" come from?
What does the phrase "in a cautionary tale of...gravitational pull" mean?
What word means "someone who ignores emotion in the face of pain"?
Can a person be described as being "ill read"?
Which meaning of "to conceive" came first?
Where did the "juices" in "creative juices" come from?
Single word for "Private Realm"
"Like" versus "not unlike"
Is itinery/itinary an acceptable pronunciation of "itinerary"?
Can someone help me understand this quote about love?
Are there any pairs of words like "beloved"/"belovèd", "learned"/"learnèd" that maintain a semantic difference to the present day?
Is it 'juice', 'bouillon', 'soup' or what?
Can someone help with these two GRE verbal questions?
Why do we invert word order when asking a question?
Is there a Name for this Style of Capitalisation?
Difference between "find" and "search"?
Noun for adjective "reservable"?
“Zoe” or “Zoë”: which is the correct spelling?
A confusing set of verbs
What is the difference between "begin" and "start"?
Some actor's lines from film 'Insomnia'
"Dictionary" and "vocabulary" — when to use either?
Phrases with as many different letters as possible
Why is the term "depressed" often used to describe a button which is pressed?
Use "a" or "an" in a sentence with parentheses?
Does one "drive" a motorcycle or "ride" it?
Usage of "whose" not referring to a person
Does saying I have "functional understanding" of something convey that I understand its functions?
Different forms of the abbreviations for "identification"?
"Dabble" in a positive sense
What is the opposite of "steep"?
"Going to go" vs "going to"?
Does the phrase "pull the chain" have some sort of significance in jails and prisons?
Does "apropos" take a preposition? How do you use this word, anyway?
Difference between "intern" and "trainee"
Hyphen or no hyphen when modifying an adjective with a quantity?
What's the difference between colloquial and oral English?
How is "cf." to be pronounced?
Is using "and/or" recommended for formal writing, or is it frowned upon?
If someone says "Do not pass go" to you, what do they mean?
How do you interpret "Who are you?"
Is there a phrase for "the first thing I want to see in the morning as I wake up"?
When should you use "despite" over "inspite", and vice versa?
Is there a pejorative alternative to "improvise"?
What's the more appropriate substitution for "give a f**k/d**n/s**t"
Is it acceptable to use digit and word form of numbers in the same sentence/paragraph?
Is there any relation between the suffix "-ship" and actual ships?
What's the difference between a "delegator" and "delegatee"?
Can I say "great move" to mean "good job"?
"He" / "she" vs. "it" regarding beloved objects
What did "your mom did a number on you" mean in Seinfeld?
What's the difference between "well-lighted" and "well-lit"?
How to conjugate the verb in a sentence that starts with "I wish..."
Are the verbs that are conjugated to end in "-n" in the past participle related?
Why is "to win over" also called "to one up on"?
Which of these sentences is better?
Is "swop" an acceptable variant of "swap"?
When to use "to the ..." vs. "to ..."
What's the difference between "abbreviation" and "abbreviature"? 
Do native speakers understand all the words in songs?
Is there a literary term for the circular nature of a story?
What is the difference between these two "scip"s?
What is the definition and origin of "imba"?
Why do some people say "there have voted"? Is it grammatical, or maybe historical?
Pronunciation of "theodicy"
Does quoting in British or American English depend on the quoted or the audience?
Is there a word for a middle-aged person who tries too hard to keep up with trends?
Résumé section about myself
Is the conditional a mood or a tense?
"I'm home" or "I'm at home"
"when spring arrives"
Usage of "done" vs. "done with."
Should I change the structure of a sentence/add filler words to make sure that the sentence always starts with a capital letter?
What punctuation should be used in the end of the direct speech before "but"?
Is "kicking ass and taking names" an offshoot of an older idiom?
Is "We embraced." a complete sentence?
What do "Tea-Paw" and "Tea-Paw Tax double header" mean?
"I played two music" vs. "I played two pieces of music"
"Close the light" — regionalism or mere oddity?
Describing the sound of liquid hitting the floor
What does “I’m like, c’mon guys. I’m the president of the United States.” imply?
Difference in meaning of "congratulation" and "congratulations"
What are the degrees of synonymity?
A murder of crows?
"Collect in" vs. "collect among"
Is "any" also used with plurals?
"It's fast and in motion."
What is the difference between “group” and “band”?
What is the origin and use of "remember me to her/him"?
Better way to indicate “a large amount of ”
Geographical distribution of "shall"
Semi-vowels in English
English phrases created or popularized through Seinfeld
When would one write "con[struction]"?
Am I right using "as" for equality and "than" to point out differences?
Better use of "that that" — or not
Examples of "ATM Machine" silly repeats?
"Shot" or "shooted"
What is the difference between "been" and "being"?
What are the implications of "at my disposal"
Is there a word for "Someone who/Something that caches"?
Is it correct to say "Lets Answer me" or "Let's Answer me"?
Is the past tense correct in "Did you know Fred was a doctor?"
"In cases when" vs. "in cases where"
Is it bad to combine "only" and "several"?
Where is the stress in the word "commenting"?
What does the "right" in the "The Right Honourable" mean? Why is it there?
A word that sounds like "scoshe" meaning "small amount" or "smidgen"
What is a plausible etymology of "dosh", a British slang word for money?
"How be you" or "How are you"?
What does it mean to call something Leviathan in comparison to others?
What is a "Hobbesian trap"?
On the meaning of the verb "assert"
What are the grammatical rules for use of "these", "those", and "them"?
Rule for questions like "Or is it?"
What are "a" and "certain" adding in meaning to the phrase "a certain Mr. Ripley"?
When and why did the em-dash and the hyphen supplant the semicolon?
What's up with the hyphen in "orang-utan"?
What does 'In and out of time' mean?
"Kebabs, fruit machines, and brasses" -- what do these slang words mean?
"What score are we playing until?" or how to ask it?
"Scene", "episode", or "sequence" when talking about a movie?
Is 'couple' ever used in the sense of 'some'?
In a tournament, do I get a "by", a "bye", or a "buy"?
“I like to do (be) something” vs “I like doing (being) something”
Searching for the word for a certain type of book
Is the use of "all set" exclusive to certain regions?
How do you pronounce "but"?
"Winner winner chicken dinner"
Different syllabic boundaries in various dictionaries?
"The larger of A and B" or "the larger of A or B"
When to use commas in a sentence that starts with "finally", "additionally", etc.?
A "torque wrench" or a "wrench"?
Punctuation for "then fine"
"Nobody want to go there," or "nobody wants to go there"?
Someone told me "fair" is the "F" word, they don't like it in their house. Should I avoid using it?
Why is the Dostoyevsky novel "The Brothers Karamazov" not translated "The Karamazov Brothers"?
How to use possessive apostrophe with words in quotation marks?
What is the English word closest to Japanese “Ganbatte,” the word for encouraging people who are in disaster, or challenging a severe ordeal?
etymology of "positive economics"
Is "Can I have a cup of coffee?" polite?
What is the difference between “whack somebody around the shins” and “whack somebody on the shins”?
What adjective would mean "both former and still present", but not "original"?
"Why ...?" vs. "Why is it that ... ?"
Cognitive capacity and (memory) capacity
Origins of the "‑cede/‑sede/‑ceed" suffix
distinct variations on get/locate/find/obtain to make clear whether the target exists
Can you have a singular "dreg"?
"Best Before" says "11 MA 23"; is it May or March?
Using superlatives for comparing two things
How are "yes" and "no" formatted in sentences?
"Almost until 1900" or "until almost 1900": which one is correct?
"Distinction" or "difference"?
Subjunctive mood, progressive and perfect progressive tense
"I'm not understand" — help regarding sentence structure
Is there a word for "one who salvages"?
Why is "door" pronounced with an "o" sound and not a "u"?
Prepositional phrases on the internet
Why are pounds sterling called "knicker"?
Is there any other way you can "wax" as you do when you "wax philosophical"?
Is the word "bespoke" associated with Southern American English, kind of how "bonafied" is in my mind?
"Droll" is to "amusing" as "sardonic" is to what?
How do you proceed from pronouncing "t" in the regular way to t-glottalization, as found in various English accents?
Is "is" an auxiliary verb in the sentence "My mum's bag is blue"?
Why is the state of being resident "residence", but the state of being president "presiden-cy"?
Help me parse this sentence so I can understand what joke my ancestors played on the King
"Movies" vs. "Cinema" vs. "Theater" -- what's the difference?
Adjective form of "adjective"
How can I say I regret something in the past tense?
In a business proposal, which personal pronoun should be used?
What do the idioms "hang up", "hang on", and "hang out" mean?
Why do we say "was supposed to" for "should have"?
Which would you use: full-size, full-sized, full size or full sized?
Ununderstood English-language joke
What is the meaning and origin of the common phrase "the world is your oyster"?
A term or phrase meaning "to explain in simple words"?
Why is writing "alot" such a common mistake?
What is the word for "fear of heights"?
What to capitalize in table headings?
Meaning of a sentence using the perfect continuous tense
What does "being in hell" mean in this title?
'Today afternoon' vs 'Today in the afternoon'?
"Easy-to-make-typos" alternative?
What does "just above chance" mean?
What's the grammatical function of "not" and "to" in this sentence?
What is the correct usage of "meanwhile"?
Do we say and write 21 / 31 / 41 item or itemS?
"Seem", "appear", "look" — how to differentiate?
What's a good word for a "line of ink spread sideways"?
Is it better to use "a" or "the" here in my book?
Is it appropriate to treat "FYI" as a noun?
"Play it as it lays" or "play it as it lies"
A phrase that means something like "special dispensation"
Does "verdure" also suggest "a condition of health and vigour"?
"Walk", "talk": forms not in any other language
What is an adjectival complement in English?
How to call attention to "I" without "I myself" or the pretentious "even I"?
"Hide" vs "conceal"
Plurality of numbers between -1 and 1
Punctuation with "The question is..." '.', '?' or ' "... ?" '
Pluralizing "personnel"?
Is the expression 'half a percent' acceptable in formal English?
English word forms not having cognates in any other language
What does "10 years sober" mean?
How do you pronounce the H in "an historian"?
How do I designate the footnotes that are mine inside a quote?
What is the origin of the term "woo"?
I have not gone. But I *have* gone!
What is "backshifting", as applied to English grammar?
Can you "encounter" an "assumption"?
Should I write "calling himself in this/that way" here?
What is the meaning of "two-sidedness"?
How do the tens­es and as­pects in English cor­re­spond tem­po­ral­ly to one an­oth­er?
“aware” vs “know”
What’s the meaning of “hit him round the head”?
"that things were suspicious"
What's the etymology of "when the sh*t hits the fan"?
"Would" means something different in the past than in the future?
"I would often tell you."
Origins of the gaming term "cheese strategy"
Does this sentence remain grammatically correct?
What is the opposite of the perfect aspect?
What's the right spelling of "synchronized"?
How to ask a question to get an ordinal number answer
Difference between "keep something on", "hang something on", and "leave something on"
Why is it "choruses" and not "chori"?
Is the adjective "abject" ever found with any word other than "poverty"? Does it mean something other than "very" or "utterly"?
"of the feudal Estates type" or "of the feudal-Estates type"?
"vermilion" or "vermillion"?
Word for "the process of becoming a taboo"
Usage of "expect to" and "expectation to/of"
Take this question with a grain of salt
Plural contraction in a very specific case: Which is correct?
"Did it go down your *muffler*?"
Using present perfect continuous without mentioning time period
A word for 'relating to taste'
When I shelve only one thing, am I not putting it on one shelf?
Is "grammar nazi" politically correct?
When should I use "parallel" over "parallelism", and vice versa?
A single word that describes the moment a person realizes they are dreaming?
"Touch base" vs "Touch bases"?
Pronunciation of trailing "i" in Latin-derived words
What's a good word for displayed non-frozen non-canned vegetables in the grocery store?
Does "cost-benefit ratio" use a hyphen or an en-dash?
Can someone help me diagram this sentence?
Linking word for two different ideas
Is "rid you of" a valid phrase?
Can "found" be used, as it is in this sentence, in the future tense?
What is a good phrase to name a periodic excellent employee award?
Has "segway" become an acceptable substitute for "segue"?
What's the correct pronunciation of "epitome": "Epi-tome" or "Epi-tuh-mi"?
Why is "Good Friday" called "good", instead of sad or bad?
What are the origins of "what's up"?
Are "tomorrow" and "morning" etymologically related?
Why was the "th" combination chosen for the "th" sound?
What does "There but for the grace of God — goes God." mean?
What’s the meaning of “there are more of somebody than there are of somebody”?
Does "who does what" work in this sentence?
What are synonyms of the word "metadata"?
A word that can refer to an address but also for a contact in general
Is there a name for this type of insult: "I am friends with many manly men. And Gary."?
What are some synonyms for 'euphemism'?
Is "none" singular or plural? How can I decide?
Common usage of "namely"
Are units in English singular or plural?
Is subclassing a valid verb?
What does "small amount of ease" mean?
Where did the phrase "I don't give a rat's ass" come from?
Are you comfortable with who(m) he is?
How would you name this phenomenon? (about presidents' popularity drop)
Is “harebrain” used commonly as a verb or adjective?
What is a word that means "the state of having an organic nature"?
Should there be a gerund or a noun in front of the preposition?
What is the "adjunct of space" in this sentence?
What is meant by saying "X, not to say Y"?
"Use of internet" or "internet usage"?
Usage and example of the word “litotes”
What does “T-securities” mean?
Etymology of "snob"
Religious sense of "minister"
"ASP.NET web-based applications is my primary focus."
Are there idioms specific to one English dialect?
Is "incorrect facts" a contradiction in terms?
A word for a person who expects other people to be like him
Is there a version of brunch for a meal between dinner and lunch?
Did English ever have a "you" plural?
How did the word "sheer" come to have such different meanings?
A single word meaning doubt and unsettledness
Does English have "plural" verb forms?
Does "oath" have an implied religious connotation?
"Some champagne for my real friends, some real pain for my sham friends."
What would be a suitable name for the game panel in tetris?
Can I start a sentence with "because", whether I am answering a question, or giving a sample of an idea?
Suffixing by "-rama", "-orama" or "-arama" — how did this begin?
Is there anything wrong with this sentence?
What are the proper terms for these star shapes?
Is it correct to use the word "birthday" for the deceased, or is there a better alternative?
Is there a word to describe a person who likes chaos?
Has "may" become a formal version of "can"?
How do you differentiate "thru", "threw", "through", and "thorough"?
What part of speech is the "be + verb" here? What tense are these sentences in?
What is the meaning of "hypos" here in this passage from Moby Dick?
Etymology of “Easter”
Any idea where the phrase at sixes and sevens came from, and what it really means?
"A Beginner's Guide" or "Beginner's Guide"?
"In the middle of riddle" means what?
Difference between "yours" and "your"?
How and why have some words changed to a complete opposite?
"Does it make sense?" or "Do you understand me?"?
What is the right definition of "cheeky"?
When and why did "patronize" gain the meaning of condescension versus being a customer?
Alternate, polite word for "Fee"
The usage of "a little bit"
A word for "every two days"
When someone asks, "How are you?"
What does "And she promises the earth to me..." mean?
Is "nerdiosity" a real word?
Which of these sentences using "can" or "could" is better?
What is the origin of the pluralization "virii"?
What is the origin of != in the meaning "not equal to"?
Who first used the word 'linkrot'?
"excursion over city" vs "excursion around city"
Is there such a thing as "Injective Relief" (as a legal term)?
History of the phrase "break wind"
Equivalent of "both" when referring to three or more items?
“Push” is to “pushable” as “enable”/"disable" are to what?
Is there a single word that means "under the table"?
“whether” vs.  “if ”
Is there a technical term for an idiomatic phrase that originates from words that closely resemble each other?
A word meaning "those who are plugged in"?
"To be is to do" — "To do is to be" — "Do-be-do-be-do": what does this mean?
When alphabetizing, which goes first?
What is the etymology of the saying "talk is cheap"?
What is the meaning of the 'x' character suffix?
Meaning of "To all whom these presents come, greetings"
Meaning of "Make what's-her-name feel special this Mother's Day."
Distinction: "What can I do you for?" vs. "What can I do for you?"
Meaning of the "forthcoming" in this sentence
Meaning of " you run your ass off"
What's the difference between "bliss" and "happiness"?
Historical usage of "was"/"were" with "you"
Correct naming form (with or without "of")
What's the difference between "suasive" and "persuasive"?
Is there a term for what 'sheveled' is to 'disheveled'?
"Lunch" vs. "dinner" vs. "supper" — times and meanings?
Is there a specific word for a list of [word + how to use it in a sentence]?
"Invidious" vs. "Insidious"
Where did the "art" in "Our Father who art in Heaven" go?
What happened to the “‑est” and “‑eth” verb suffixes in English?
"Is" vs. "Are" when using the word "Pair" in a mathematical setting
Word to refer to the person who creates something that gets reused or remixed?
What are the distinctions between "authoritarian", "totalitarian", and "dictatorial"?
Meaning of "don't ask don't tell"
Can a result be "open"?
An ambiguity problem with "the first thing you remember"
Why does "tell me about it" not mean "tell me about it"?
How long is a 'wink'?
Definite or indefinite article in "the/a devil's advocate"
What does "fringe meeting" mean exactly?
Is "it is a fun game" correct?
Capitalising the first letter of a reference to God?
What does "literary dependence" mean?
Past tense and "rather than"
Do mathematical equations require punctuation?
Which is the proper spelling: "Adapter" or "adaptor"?
Is “bright example” correct?
What is the defiant "HMPH!" sound called?
How to pronounce and orally spell <3?
What's the difference between something that it is "connected" and "interconnected?"
Can/should I put a comma before a phrase's time specifier?
What does it mean to be "clipping an r"? Why is that a qualification for celebrities to be invited to the royal wedding?
Is "ringing somebody up" exclusive to telephone use in British English?
Does the word "welfare" have an abbreviation?
Where does gender attach in "brotherly/sisterly"?
Is "revert the damage" possible? If yes, is it too official?
Is "injur" a word?
What is the etymology of "happy as a sandboy"?
Is "put" imperative in this sentence?
Pronunciation of GUI in British English
Are there differences in the accent of NY and California English?
What is the origin of the phrase "when life gives you lemons, make lemonade"?
Why do we refer to the "yellow pages"?
Looking for etymology or information on the alternate meaning of "I don't care to X"
Does the pejorative "welfie" exist?
What adjective means "sequential" as it applies to words or numbers?
Why doesn't "its" have an apostrophe?
What is the difference between "we" and "one"?
Prefix "a" in "amaze"
What are the differences between "inverse", "reverse", and "converse"?
What are the 'distances' among the major English dialects?
Which is the correct spelling: “fairy” or “faerie”?
What's a positive phrase for "stating the obvious"?
How do you pronounce "melee"?
Is it correct to say "I go here", when referring to attending a school?
"By" vs "Per". Which one should I use on expressions like "P&L/Geography" or "VaR/Asset"?
Can king's court be "stationed" in a city?
Is [Its'] a word? (Note the apostrophe at the end.)
What does "one needn't stand on trifles" mean?
What is the origin of the phrase "forty winks," meaning a short nap?
Monsters! another question about what-was-it-then
What's a good comeback to "obviously"?
Can I write "cupcake sprinkle"? -- Google searches are bringing up "sprinkle cupcakes"
When should cooking, cuisine, and cookery be used?
Am I using "spend a day" correctly here?
Can 'egalitarian' be used for gender bias also?
What we've gelost — why doesn't English use the prefix "ge-"?
What words can I use to indicate how hungry I am?
What is someone who leaks a surprise called?
Do I write "zero millimeter" or "zero millimeters"?
"On" versus "off"
Does the phrase "second off" make sense?
Can anybody "learn" or "acquire" a talent?
A question of interpretation: single word parenthesis
"When X is" or "When X will be"?
Where did the expression 'playing the world's smallest violin' come from?
"Whomsoever" as a subject
Expanding "science" and "diligence" usage to direct object
Are the noun and verb forms of "badger" related etymologically?
AM/PM vs a.m./p.m. vs am/pm
Which grammatical case is "him" in "I help him", and why?
What is the origin of "sucker" and "it sucks"?
Attacking by "Taking the high road"
How to use "for some reason" in a sentence?
What does “Live goes on, Wills to a heart” mean? What is the origin of this phrase?
Antonym of 'sample' ('example')
"Have a look" vs. "Take a look"
Is "you" a direct object in "What can I do you for?"?
What's the difference in usage between "install" and "instill"?
Word to describe subconsciously retaining value judgments from rejected worldview
Origins of the word "terrible"
How does one use the adjectival noun "l'enfant terrible"?
Is "putting out an honest product" a valid phrase?
"Bad weather doesn't exist" vs. "The bad weather doesn't exist"
What's the right word for "unclearity"?
Looking for two words
What is the best way to express interest in a job in a cover letter?
What does "by and by" mean?
Which captions in English would you choose for each one of those three buttons?
"is necessary" vs "it is necessary"
Idiom for restlessness
"A first post" -- makes sense or not?
"I would prefer [it] if the meeting [would be/was] postponed"
Can the word "peace" be pluralised?
What is the definition of "You're so far behind, you think you're first"?
Obama's use of "bemused"
Can "having an affair" work both ways?
What word can I say if I want to give approximate number?
What is the meaning of "I'm a wiener"?
Which is better grammar: "courteous of" or "courteous to"?
How can I call the type of kicks in football (soccer) in one or two words?
What does the punctuation "//" mean?
"preposition: a word to annoy prescriptivists with"
Is there a word that describes a person who constantly underestimates situations?
What does "a drifty car" mean?
Is the word "that" overused?
What does "bowed them inside" means?
Could I say "I'm looking at the project"?
Is there any difference between "switch" and "swap"?
Should I use a "the" in front of this proper noun?
Can “sui generis” be placed before the noun?
Which is correct, "buck naked" or "butt naked"?
What do I have to say when I enter into a house?
How do I pronounce "s's" and "s'"?
What does "plutonomy" mean?
"Nothing to tell" versus "nothing to say"
Using "that" before a preposition
Should it be "Happy Birthday!" or "Happy birthday!" when used as a two word sentence?
Are 'should' and 'be supposed to' interchangeable?
Term for person who conducts illegal business
What does "left the rest behind" mean in this sentence?
What is an English adjective that means "able to learn new things quickly"?
How to deal with abbreviations like 'etc.' at the end of parentheses which are closing a sentence?
"Iterate" vs. "Iterate over"
Is there a hypernym for "order confirmation", "quotation" and "invoice"?
What words typically collocate with "quite"?
"Copyright on" or "Copyright to"?
Is "case-sensitively" a word?
Is "robotics" a plural noun?
"Destiny" vs. "Fate"
Word to describe using sarcasm or a similar approach to lead someone to recognise their own mistake
Is "unredactable" a word?
Are phrases with implicit meanings considered incorrect/wrong?
Writing “the class of 2014”  in a résumé?
Plural of "document"
Is there anything wrong with the word “denigrate”?
Do "to pony up" and "to pungle" come from the same Latin root?
Is "be wearing" improper English?
What does it mean to "hazard a guess"?
Why are pronouns always given in the same order? I, you, he, etc?
What's the name of the section of a book authors use to describe technicalities?
Should I use "authoress" for a feminine author?
Article written "in" or "on" a journal?
Where did the phrase "in a pickle" come from?
What does the "leave" mean in "parental leave" and "unpaid leave"?
Third person imperative recommendations/suggestions/requests
Best source for origins of expressions and idioms?
Does "carnival barker" mean the opposite of "barker"?
Confusion over "respected" in the following sentence
Order of "not" with infinitive
Origin of the phrases “third time’s the charm” and “third time lucky”?
Is "Canuck" offensive?
"There is" or "there are"?
"Bobsled" versus "Bobsleigh"
What is a "clout"?
Is there a term for those large, half-cocked hats with flower-like embellishments British high society seems to favor?
What's the difference between a "fen" and a "dale"?
What's the meaning of the symbol ‡?
What's the difference between "apparel" and "clothing"?
"Anyone has" or "anyone have" seen them?
Is there a good rule of thumb for plurals of words ending in "o"?
Hyphenation of "prerequisite"
What do you call each individual component of a number: a "digit", a "figure", or "place"?
Proper use of hyphens for compound noun 'system model driven approach'
Is there a single word for a "unit of time"?
What's the 'alternative forms of sexuality'?
What does "even the Generation is still in motion" mean in this passage?
How do you create the adjective form of an irregular verb such as "read"?
Does turning a noun into an acronym always change its indefinite article (a/an)?
Is the etymology of the word "pandaemonium" in any way related to that of the mythological figure Pandora? 
Is there a proper term to describe 1/3 of a year (4 months)
Until + tense / "since" or "for"
What is the difference between “Prince William and Kate Middleton Marry” and “Prince William and Kate Middleton were married”?
Is “drop the pomp for the profound” a cliché or the Time writer’s own wording?
Are the words "network packet" and "network package" interchangeable?
Which is correct here: "arbitrary" or "arbitrarily"?
What is the word to express the exclusivity and privileges of a key currency issuer?
"When Adam delved and Eve span, who was then the gentleman?"
What is the object in "Anna ate her cold chicken sandwich for lunch"?
What's a good word for a lack of concentration?
If "hexa-" is a prefix representing six
Is the phrase "keeping the flat tidy and in good nick" grammatical?
What's the (unobvious) meaning of "I saw you coming"?
Does an online tool exist that can find words of a certain length given an input of certain characters?
What is a good word for "unable to be usefully applied"?
Is it acceptable to use a tilde symbol to sign your name?
Origin of "If I've told you once I've told you a thousand times"
What would be the scenarios were I should use "no joke this time" or "no jokes this time"?
"for about one year" or "for around one year"
What is the origin of the counting prefixes: uni-, bi-/di-, tri-, quad-, etc.?
Is it acceptable to use "just as well" in an academic paper
Is it acceptable to use 'z' instead of 's' for plural form?
Substitute X for Y
Is ‘misunderestimate’ a received (American) English word?
What is a good synonym for "badass" that would be usable in a high school setting?
Thieves' words for their victims
Origin of the phrase, 'Look the other way'?
A single word meaning to abide in a place for a long time
Apart from place names, are there any Native American words used in English?
Words to describe something that does not reach your expectations for it
What does it mean to "look it"?
"Amount of boxes" vs "number of boxes" in non discrete graph
Is the history of h-dropping in English in any way related to the silent h of French?
Which is the correct past tense of "spin": "span" or "spun"?
Why is there a "riding" in "Little Red Riding Hood"?
Word to describe both adding and removing but not updating
"Far side of the Moon" in fewer words?
What does it mean to "squeal on someone"
Is misplaced emphasis a form of mispronunciation?
Is "et al." acceptable for citations with exactly two authors?
Where did the term "doggone it" come from?
Difference between "inflammable" and "flammable"
Am I using "namesake" correctly?
Single word for 'How you are found'
What is a 'Swivel Servant'?
Which is correct here: "*sometime* next month" vs. "*sometimes* next month"?
"try" or "try out" (difference?)
What are "real stores" called in English, as opposed to "online stores"?
Difference between "Please don't be long" and "Please don't YOU be long"
What is the etymology of "cornhole"?
Difference in usage of "regular", "usual", "ordinary", "normal", "common"
"I saw your lesson request, but when I saw *it* it was late"
"just married" or "just wed"?
Is "still" being used correctly in "I love you still"?
Like to vs like + ing
Opposite of verb "abstract" and noun "abstraction"
What is a "feal"?
What's a good word for a person that's being followed?
What's the word for words that roll off the tongue?
How do I know when a verb should be followed by a gerund or an infinitive?
Can “whose” refer to an inanimate object?
Do I travel "up" or "down" to London from north of the city?
One who objectifies women
What is the origin of "settle your hash?"
How should one pronounce the "rofl" in "roflstomp" or "roflcopter"?
Which should I use with "neither/nor": "has" or "have"?
Origin of "egg on my face"
Is there a term for a word that defeats its own purpose?
Word to describe person who popularized a sport
How did the Australian accent come about?
Is "regularly updated about a couple of dozen minutes" phrased correctly?
What is the difference between “metaphorical”, “allegorical”, and “figurative”?
How do you pluralize the acronym "POC" ("proof of concept")?
Of the difference between zeugma and syllepsis
Is it a poke in the eye with a sharp, or blunt stick?
What's the difference between "puberty" and "adolescence"?
Humour through repeated use of a construct, with a final variation?
Should I acronymize "Health, Safety, and Environment" as "HSE" or "SHE"?
Should I write "any question" or "any questions"?
What does "ad-hoc" mean?
What are the arguments behind the "literally"/"figuratively" usage divide? When should one use either word?
What preposition should one use with "redundant"?
"Registrator", "registrar", or "registry" when describing the responsibility of managing registration-related activities
What are some slang words for "police" in countries besides the US?
Do “chorus” and “refrain” have different connotations?
Etymology of the phrase "Shiver my timbers"
How to ask a question to confirm a negative situation?
Is there a word for the definition of an acronym?
Is there a saying in English corresponding to "Another loach under the willow tree"?
Differences between “methods”, “methodologies” and “paradigms”
Word for updating one single "square" in a grid
What does “the line turns on somebody’” mean?
In special cases, can you use "one such family are" vs. "one such family is"?
What is the difference between "photo" and "image"?
Where does the word "totient" come from?
Structuring sentences without using the word "but"
Dangling -y on made up adjectives
What's the difference between a picture and an image?
What is the exact meaning of the line, “No closure. That word should be stricken from the English language"?
Is the computer-related term "character" understood by the general population?
Difference in meaning between create/make/have impact
When is it appropriate to refer to someone as Dr. [Surname]?
Difference between "question" and "query"
(Inanimate) Nouns being used in a personal sense
Is 'honest' a suitable synonym for 'sincere'?
Why do we write 'He has an MA' and not ' a MA' even though MA does not begin with a vowel? Can anybody give me anymore examples like it?
How does one correctly pronounce the letter 'H': "Aych" or "haych"?
Which is the correct spelling: "Granddad" or "Grand-dad" or "Grandad"?
What is the origin of the phrase "cut the mustard"?
Connotations of using "boy" by upper-class liberal Britons in beginning of 20th century
Is there an English word for "awaiting approval"?
What does “it’s not going to suck itself ” mean?
How would you spell "Tehran" in English for it to be pronounced "correctly" (i.e. as in Persian)?
“It's no use of doing something”
"where's that to?"
Does this expression: "it can make us think that we are actually..." clearly showing a negative implication?
Is "Give you into trouble" correct
How to write the date of an event that lasts a few days
What is the origin, and correct spelling of, "shtook"?
The X is on vs the X is at? What would you describe this variation as?
Why does English have city/country names that differ from the local language?
"Ending with" vs "ending in"
Are "act quickly" and "gives you" grammatically correct?
What is the difference between a question and an invitation?
What does “Bit it” mean?
Use of "in the sequel"
Do any print dictionaries admit "everytime" as a word?
What does President Obama’s phrase “We don’t need to spike the football” mean?
What is the difference between a command and an invitation?
Where should adverbs be placed?
Using the semicolon in my sentence
Does "All" imply one or more?
Logic behind "at most"
"Stressful to" vs. "stressful for"
What are "stocks" called in English for online shops?
Sentence correction (vote, voted)
"vote" vs. "vote on"
What is the difference between Philanthropy and Philanthropism?
What is the difference between "archetype" and "prototype"?
Which one to state — "We would like to thank You" or "We thank You"
Are there sounds where the tongue is not symmetrical?
What on Earth does "cheap at half the price" mean?
Which words may start with "al-"?
What word or phrase describes pulling a fish out of water?
Can sound be "blurry?"
How did the phrase "are you nuts" come about?
Is there a sequence following "ace" (as in "ace pilot")?
When to use "Elven", "Elvish" and "Elfic"?
Question marks at the end of declarative sentences
"In detail" vs. "in details"
Monosyllabic and polysyllabic
What's the longest monosyllabic word? And disyllabic?
Are there any other English syllables without vowels, besides "thm"?
What's the difference between a 'Sourcer' and a 'Recruiter'?
Etymology of “dude” and progression in language
Is there a word for someone who somewhat delights in their illnesses/medications?
Isn’t a word missing?
Pronunciation of "zounds?"
Why is "hopefully" treated so mercilessly?
The British pronunciation of the word "schedule"
What's an easy way to remember when to use "affect" or "effect"?
What's the difference between orthography and spelling?
What's the difference in meaning between "I never would have thought..." and "I never have thought..."?
What is this love saying?
What word defines a category suited for both header and footer?
Why use the word "copy" in "do you copy that"?
What is it called when a character is portrayed opposite the stereotype for comedic effect?
Look and 'feel' of a web page/site/app
Proper term for "four way duel"
Separating alternatives using slash/stroke where the only difference is the length
Which one is correct: "1yr" or "1yr." or "1 yr"?
What is the rule for using "a" or "an" in a sentence?
Is it true that etymology is the leading tool to understand the correct use of words?
What is the meaning of "personnel"? What is its plural form?
What is the difference between "onetime" and "one time"?
which is correct "a ear" or "an ear", conversely "a year" or "an year"
Correct pronunciation of "the"
What's a good word to describe adults who are not yet parents?
What's the etymology of the noun "temper tantrum"?
What is the origin of the place name "Abbottabad?"
Why do we say "odd" when describing numbers?
"B&W" or "B/W"?
Pluralization rule is different when we say, 10 pound note and 10 pounds?
Is there an adjective for acedia?
Is "recyclist" a word?
What does it mean to "talk a dog off a meat truck"?
Can the word "majors" used as a verb be followed by "on"?
"Doctor's appointment" or "doctors appointment"?
How are "needs to be washed," "needs washing," and the regional variant "needs washed" to be distinguished"?
What is the origin of the phrase "you've got another thing/think coming"?
What does it mean to use a single quote to abbreviate things?
“Solution to” vs. “solution of ”
How to indicate "Our remark"?
Word for "makes progress towards?"
When would I use "might as well" instead of "may as well"?
A suitable equivalent for the phrase 'give glad tidings'
A single word for a secluded garden surrounded by a wall
How did the slang meaning of "flog" come about?
Why is a disastrous mess called a "pig's ear"?
"Amount" vs. "quantity" in generic?
Meaning of "have an agenda"
A good noun for a two-faced person
Should I use 'that' 'which' or 'who' in this sentence?
"Could help avoid" vs. "could help to avoid"
The word "getting" in "getting a divorce"
Where does the phrase "get crackin'" come from?
Should I use 'I said to him' or 'I told him' in this dialogue?
What does the word "rolling" mean in "rolling grassland"?
When do you use "Did + 1st form" instead of "2nd form"
Why does "one-night stand" mean sex?
Why do we say that one can "talk the hind legs off a donkey"?
How to categorize "grrrr", "errhh", "argh",..?
Shakespearean discovery of the modern mind
Why is "chore" pronounced differently from the "chore" in "choreography"?
Is there such a word as 'tractless' and what does it mean?
What's the difference between "FWIW" and "IMHO"?
What tense is appropriate when a group includes alive and dead people?
What is a good word for a person who doesn't masturbate?
Difference between “laden” and “loaded”
Your signature vs your mark
Words that are often used in repartee
"someone nodded abstractly"
Is "grit and resolve” a popular phrase?
What is a "bernie"?
People's names as names for genitalia?
How to use 'as well as' and 'even'?
The pronunciation of buoy
Word for the relation between two different generalisations
"periphery" and "perimeter" — are they the same?
What does the kitten get?
Why does one come to a "sticky end"?
What's the most common way of referring to the gender of a friend?
How to Remember the Difference Between Effective and Affective?
If booklets are little books, what are pamphlets?
What is the common root between "contumacious" and "contumelious"?
When should I use the verb "work" over "working"?
When to use "essay" vs "assay" (as a verb)?
"How can X be" vs. "how does X can be"
What's the word for "twelvely"?
Apostrophes and caps in Happy Mother’s Day / Happy Mothers’ Day
Is it "house is on fire" or "fire on the house"?
Where does "Going out on a limb" come from?
"Happy median" versus "happy medium"
Large as life and twice as natural
Marathon Event Question
How “Barely better-than-even-odd” success is better as compared with 50:50 success?
Term to describe relationship between one and single, two and double, etc.?
Rime of the Ancient Mariner?
Has "Error 404" acquired a meaning in everyday English?
How small does a land-mass have to be before you live "on" it, rather than "in" it?
What does 'hip' exactly mean?
What is the difference between 'speculative', 'hypothetical' and 'conjectural'?
Which thesaurus best describes the differences between several similar words?
Why don't we use the definite article before these examples?
Is there a difference between "jamb" and "jam"?
How can I know the exact meaning of “cousin” in a sentence?
Why do we call snail mail "snail mail"?
Monetary amounts: 'thousands' prefix has opposite capitalisation to SI
Evolution of irregular verbs over the last century
General Purpose Antonym for "Ago"
What does "it takes a tough man to make a tender chicken" mean?
What is the correct tense to use for a sentence like this?
Word referencing time of creation
Is there another way of saying 'user-unfriendly'?
Synonyms for "multiple things that reside in the same location"
"Subject to Change" Usage
Status of verb in "winner-take-all"
What is "Godspeed"?
"As everyone" vs. "like everyone"
Is Venice built on poles, piles, or pilings?
What's the difference between "big" and "large"?
"both the users" or "the both users"?
"Like" or "have liked"?
What's the comparative for the word "modern"?
Proper punctuation for parentheses
Use of "do" in affirmative statements
Is there any rule for differentiating between the endings "th" and "ht"?
What does the word "respectively" mean in software development?
What is the etymology of the word ketchup?
Looking for the longest "non-variant" word
Word or phrase that describes the biased perception of a group
Face that launched a thousand ships
Don't look a gift-horse in the mouth
Word or phrase to describe relation beween yourself and a step-parent's ex-spouse?
Meaning of "laughing on one side of the face"
Why do we have the word "passageway"?
What is the meaning of "uber-"?
What does "coming apart at the seams" mean?
Advice on good list of American idioms
What is a term for someone who prohibits the importation of foreign words into their language?
"Hypothesis" and "theory"
What is the origin of "shh"?
"You took... and you..."
When does an aunt’s partner or husband become an uncle?
What does N.B. stand for?
Is there a different grammatical term for "If I was" than for "If I were"?
Which is the proper spelling: "disfunction" or "dysfunction"?
What is the correct punctuation for an indirect question?
Where does the slang adjective “peng” come from?
"Wasn't" vs. "weren't" in a vernacular sentence
Use of "I", "we" and the passive voice in a scientific thesis
What makes "like" and "so" popular?
"will" vs "would" in this sentence
Is this usage of "lol" considered a hedge?
Large amounts of English text needed
What is the difference between a "stanza" and a "verse", as applied to English literature?
How do you say this in English?
Can I use "because" more than once in a sentence?
Possessive form in alternate names or other extra clarifying sentences?
What do you call a noun that precedes and describes another noun?
What preposition do I use  -- on, to, for, -- when writing "stand for election" for a group?
What rhetorical device is "she wears mink all day and fox all night" using?
Does the "@" symbol have a name?
Did "breaking news" originate from the phrasal verb "break in?"
Dealing with multiple layers of embedded quotes
Apostrophe or assume the possessive?
How do you pronounce "macrame"?
What does "jakery" mean?
What does "campy" mean?
How to take the gender of an anonymous person into consideration?
Must a colon be appended to "that is"?
Difference between "less" and "lesser"?
How would you say "written for a Latin population"?
What does “flunked vacation and flunked relaxing" mean?
"At the time" versus "at that time"
Should I use 10 cent words or $2 words?
What do you call the eating of frogs?
More common expression for "move your bowels"
How do you quote a passage that has used '[sic]' mistakenly?
What is the difference between "environment" and "geography"?
"…didn't finish…yet" versus "…haven't finished…yet"
What is the origin of the phrase "turns out"?
What is the origin of the word "wog"?
What does ‘the first-person epiphany’ mean?
What is the exact meaning of the following sentence?
What should I use between "triple" vs. "all"?
"Today's assumption" or "todays assumption" — which is valid grammar?
Difference between "how you want" and "how you will"
What is the difference between 'need' and 'want'
Which of these is correct: "Sheila is now in Facebook" or "Sheila is now on Facebook"?
Other expression for "Off the top of my head"
Adverb to describe one's career?
Origin of the "Rule of thumb" phrase
A Word that means "to adapt or improve, to conform to a higher standard"?
How does "each" change "are" to "is"?
Is there a word for answering a question with a question?
What does "I like girls just fine" mean?
Why does this sound wrong: "This is my car that is broken."?
The origin of the phrase "Now then!"
When does a neologism cease to be a neologism?
One word to mean “the proper way of doing things”
Was what happened to the pronunciation of the word "church", as compared to the Scots-English "kirk", a general phenomenon in Middle English?
"Remain a cool kid" vs. "remain as a cool kid"
Right format for time of day when corresponding with Germans
"High Accident Intersection"
Word with meaning of "taking advantage of somebody"
What's a nice way to phrase this?
"Thank both of you"
What difference does using 'had' make to those two verb tenses, and if so, what is it?
Strange verb string tonal pattern
What does "pax" mean in the context of the apartment rental?
He's good people. Just him. The one guy
Does the incorrect pronunciation of a word make it incomprehensible?
Strange English mnemonic: 'S' before 'N', except after the 15th century
Etymology of a strange sense of "kick", as in, "I'm on a Sailor Moon kick right now"
Do "soon" and "recently" have antonyms?
Word that means "Simultaneously relaxed and focused"?
What is the meaning of "judgmental comments"?
A word for the meaning of "abuse of the authoritative/political power"
Differences between "coordinate" (n.) and "co-ordinate" (n.)
Meaning of 'patchy at best'?
Is "let go your hand" grammatically correct?
How should "deceptively" actually be used?
“They had whatted the car?”
Grammar: Use of 'that'
Could "lolcat" be used to mean "something funny"?
Phrasal Verbs. Rules and Tricks
What's the past tense of "dive"? Of "spell"?
Difference between wreath, garland, and laurel
How to ask a knowledge question without causing offence?
Using "RSVP" as a noun
Is this grammatically correct? "You see a dirt block, above which a stone block"
Catenatives followed by infinitives and gerunds
What are the meaning and possible origin of "word!" and "word up"?
Hyphen in the noun 'switching-off'? Or gerunds of compound verbs, more generally?
What is the relationship between fame and infamy?
Opposite of anthropomorphise
Meaning of "go figure" and its origin?
Are uncountable nouns singular?
How do you pronounce 'news'?
What follows next in the sequence "unary, binary, ternary..."?
Is there any significance in little curls joining the st and ct in old books?
Proper usage of "status quo"
Is there an 'official' way to suggest a new word become part of the English language?
What does ‘shpritz’ mean?
Is using "fruits" as the plural of "fruit" acceptable?
Does the word after a question mark start with a capital letter?
Is it okay to say "Yes, we do" in answer to "Are you having a good time?"
Does using the word "prefer" contain an implication of "necessity"?
Does using the word "crony" necessitate a negative connotation?
"Loviest-doviest" or "lovey-doviest"?
What is the meaning and usage of the word "dense"?
Why is "head over heels" used as if it were exceptional rather than commonplace?
"Denoted by" or just "denoted"?
Why is this ‘loved’ italicized?
Is the phrase "Traffic Revision" generally used to describe temporary or permanent changes of traffic flow?
Should there be a "were" instead in "till there was you"?
Is the "hand't we" in "hadn't we better have a process?" grammatical?
Term for partially abbreviating names
Origin of the term "fast asleep"
What is the origin of phrase "for fun and profit"?
Is the past tense of "go" related to the word "venture"?
Difference in quote signs?
Is "went missing" correct?
Ways to ruin a hobby
"What happens when" or "what happen when"?
Usage of comma before quotes
Exclamation marks in the middle of a sentence
Is “Am I needing to. . . ?” grammatical?
Continuing a sentence in a parenthesis and then starting a new one inside the same
Okay to assume association between separate parentheses clauses?
Does "intense" have a negative meaning?
How does one correctly use "q.v."?
Starting a sentence with "rather"
Replacing the periods/dots with spaces in abbreviations
What does "How do I feel this good sober" mean?
When and why did the number reading order change
Comma in a sentence just before the start of a list
What is the proper way to write the plural of a single letter? (another apostrophe question)
"In this year" versus "this year"
"Passed" versus "past" instance in a published novel
In what region is "thou", etc. used in dialect?
Is it appropriate to call a British person a "Brit"?
Possessive "that's"
Making a question with the verb "to go"
Using "do" to create a question
John, Valencia, and I (or me)?
Using "to" twice in a row
Is “he is a proven commodity” a common phrase?
What is the meaning and etymology of the adjective "jammy", of Yorkshire English?
Short name for rearranging verb and adjective places in a sentence
Is “go all coy over stg.” an idiom or simple combination of words?
A word for 'a series of events'
Term for 'baby-talk'
What's the correct apostrophe usage in this case?
What is the origin of the saying, "faint heart never won fair lady"?
Origin of "Butter wouldn't melt in his/her mouth."
What is the plural form of "whitespace"?
Why isn't the ball used in football called "a football ball"?
Problem with the usage of "but"
Can I use "guy" and "man" with female?
Referring to the text of a text
Correct version of "Space Bar"
Guidelines for the use of the slang term "cise"
What is “non-guideline sentence” to allow the accused to serve as a diplomat instead of a prison term?
Verb preposition for "be at odds"
Outside my control or outside "of" my control
Does one consider "vs." or "versus" when alphabetizing?
How broad is the definition of sodomy?
Correct pronunciation of "herbs"
"Containing" or "consisting of"
Why is a door prize called a "door prize"?
Why do non-native English users often spell "standard" as "standart"?
Transitive verbs where the object is the object of the effect rather than the verb
Article when there is an adjective before a noun
Usage of 'enable' in a sentence
Meaning of 'meant' in this sentence
Is "that of" used in an appropriate way?
Pronunciation: "use" versus "use"
Answer to "enjoy your meal"
Obscure/archaic/unusual English word-of-the-day RSS feed?
What general rules govern the usage of "by" versus "through"?
Word to describe "everyday things"
Not quite "strawman" -- a word for stating a non-believed proposition?
Is the formation "[s]he" overly distracting?
Why did 'y' disappear as an internal vowel in English spelling?
Is "cook the steak" correct?
Meaning of 'use' in this sentence
How widely is “catch-22” used?
Meaning of the word 'tight'
Etymology of "end up" and "wind up"
Is the 'w' in 'cow' a vowel or a consonant?
What is the origin of being "in the pudding club"?
Is “your time is done” often used?
Suggestions for a word meaning both testimony and reminder?
Is employing hyperbaton correct in English?
Help me with this GRE question
What is the origin of the phrase "to go apeshit"?
What's the difference between "call off" vs. "cancel"?
Why is it "wide *of* the mark" instead of "wide *off* the mark"?
What is a suitable word to describe a place where two rivers meet?
"They develop skills at this age" vs. "they are developing skills at this age"
What does "hunting" mean in the following sentence?
Why would the "wind blowing in the East" be considered a bad thing?
Usage of "many" vs "many a"?
Which is the object, 'one' or 'another' ? I just don't know how this sentence constructed
What preposition should I use here: "written of me" or "written about me"?
What is the correct word for "dependee"?
Meaning of "sup my homeslice? harvard jv field hockey is da bomb..."
What is the difference between "equal" and "equitable"?
Housekeeping App — does it make sense?
What's the meaning of "in God's name"?
Professor what is it?
Difference between "OK" and "okay"
What is the antonym of "blank" in "a blank sheet of paper"?
A phrase or idiom about living one life
Which preposition should I use here: "thinking of" or "thinking about"?
What does "to throw down" with somebody mean?
Having some kind of grit
Is the "-b" to be pronounced in the word "limb"? What about "thumb"? "Crumb"?
Refer to something belonging to someone else and I
Is it correct to say that something is "claustrophobic" if it makes someone feel claustrophobic?
Which phrase is correct, "dependent on" or "dependent upon"?
Term for "avoiding reality"
To contemplate one's navel for cosmic significance
Origin of term "letting on"
Accent of the word "invalidity"
What is a fork's single point called?
Use of 'The' in names containing 'Of'
Should I write "PhD" or "Ph.D."?
Pronunciation of the word Leicester
Interpreting ambiguous agreement
"All The Best" vs "Best of Luck"
Does the interjection "steady on!" mean something to a Brit?
How to correctly use the present perfect tense
A different word for "Rhyming Dictionary"
What is the difference between a "category" and a "type"
Who is Jesus H. Christ?
What would be the British English equivalent to "The Elements of Style"?
What does "spot basis" mean?
Why is The Mall (Westminster, London) pronounced like mawl?
What is the past tense of "sync"?
Works as expected vs. is working as expected
When to use the feminine form when referring to a person?
"All your commas are belong to Array" and similar — is this grammar form "proper"?
Is it supposed to be a HTML or an HTML
"Thousand Dollars Worth" or "Thousand Dollars' Worth". Is this a Possessive?
Is there a difference between "Speciality" and "Specialty"?
What is the etymology of "cavalier"?
Confusion with Use of "Though"
Relating to multiple possessions of multiple objects
British upper-class pronunciation of words like "what" and "when"
Correct comma use with "but" and "that"
What is "hership"?
What is the origin of "stat"?
Identifying accents of British actors
"[...] up with which I will not put."
What’s the etymology of “beholden”?
What is the word for when members of the same group attack each other?
What's the meaning for 'de' in "Tour de France"?
Using the "ex" prefix on a multiple word subject
Origin of the term "fat chance"
Is it "flavor saver" or "flavor savor"?
Is it true that "tuppence" refers to a woman's vagina in British English slang? If so, why?
Irregular plurals. Leathermans or Leathermen?
What is a common expression in English that a person might say when one suddenly got shocked by sound?
Synonym for "half-ass"
Origin of the chess term "checkmate"
What term can be used to describe Yoda's speech?
Is suffixing a personal name with "-azza"/"-azzer" a standard Cockney nicknaming rule?
The difference between "require digit", "requires a digit" and "requires digits"
Does "uncanny" have a negative connotation to it?
Is “unseductive” an established English word, or just coined?
Unitasker words like "crossbones"?
What's the appropriate word for describing "potential client"?
Suitable description for this type of sentence
What overarching category do "street," "road," "avenue", etc. belong to?
What is the difference between "clothes" and "clothing"?
Why was the 'hoodie' given the name 'hoodie'?
Origin of the phrase "Now we're cooking with _"
"Time needed to complete a work" -- is this correct?
Forming valid one word sentences
How to use "supposed to", in particular while writing official letter to ask for leave
Should I use "will" or "would" here?
Is there a short word or slang for "matchmaker"?
When to call first name or last name?
What is the meaning of the sentence, "we should not roam about in the hot sun"?
"Unregister" vs "Deregister"
Is there a general rule for the prefixation of "un-" and "de-" to words?
Another " would" usage to maintain the same tense in the sentence
How does the "be-" prefix change the words to which it is applied? How did it come about?
Correct form of object of sentence with grouped possessive and personal pronoun?
What does the phrase "touch space" mean?
Overusing "and" and how to fix it
What does it mean to be "in suspense"?
What do you call the additional paper used during exam and homework?
Should “round” only be used to describe 2-d objects?
What is the difference between "misapprehension" and "apprehension"?
"Sounds almost like" vs. "almost sounds like"
What  does "no-op" mean?
Does the expression ‘Someone, who took his while presumed innocent, will get bail any time soon’ sound natural?
Word for something that is modified
Is this usage of 'curiously' correct?
Ambiguity when a sentence contains multiple possessive pronouns
Is there a better / correct term for the de facto usage of ‘ironic’?
What does "P.U." (in reference to stinkiness) stand for?
"Vision" is to "visually", as "hearing" is to what?
Do you capitalize Bill as in "Senator, please support this Bill"
Omitting "that" when connecting clauses
What is the origin for left being used to indicate socialist/liberals, and right is used for capitalists/conservatives on the political spectrum?
How rude is "naff"?
Can "snob" be used as a verb?
"2 times", "twice" and "2X", when to use which and why?
Pronunciation of "err"
What does "Ms." stand for?
Single word for "mixed metaphor"
We haven't been able to use the fan for a fortnight
"Being ran", "being runned" or something else?
"However, this book is anything but" meaning
Structure of "As I passed by there looked out from it the face I showed you this afternoon"
To use "test" as an adjectival noun, is the proper form "test" or "testing"?
meaning of "grapes in my mouth"
What is the meaning of the vernacular "beasted"?
To refer back to "one or more", should I use "it" or "them"?
Is there a difference in meaning between "from the beginning" and "since the beginning"?
Which of these two should be preferred: "sinification" or "sinicization"?
Capitalization of "Internet"
Why is "bicycle" pronounced differently from other obviously related words?
What is the meaning of the word "savvy" in this context?
What does "soundness of judgment" mean?
What's a "consumer-tech weblog/website", and why is it called that way?
What is the opposite of "to stink" (v)? Is there one at all?
When is correct to capitalise these words?
Is "am" in "I am right" an auxiliary verb?
What's the difference in usage between "annoyed at", "annoyed with", and "annoyed by"?
Opposites, when dealing with adjectives and objects together
Origin of the word "spraunce"
"Complement" or "supplement"?
Etymology, ubiquity and synonyms of the phrase "Tribal Knowledge"
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray: "I wonder will you understand me?"
ZOMG -- I get the OMG part, but Z?
Use of "Might" and "Might not"
How to ask for the name of something?
What is the correct spelling: "wrapable" or "wrappable"?
Wishing someone that something goes easily for them
Once and for all: What's the plural form of "Octopus"?
Origin of the term 'under influence'
Is there a difference in pronunciation between "wood" and "would"?
Origin of the term "by the way"
Does "good" weigh a little bit more than "nice"?
Word for whether a product is genuine or sham
Is the word "epic" being used correctly these days?
How to tell if anything has some technical problem and therefore not working
Usage of the word "technically"
The history of the use of "man"
If the English language is always evolving, why do we need to learn and follow grammatical rules?
Is incorrect capitalization considered a spelling error?
"From time to time"
"Ideas on" vs. "ideas for"
What does the suffix “-saurus” mean?
What is the correct term for diagnosis in automobiles?
What words are not capitalized in titles?
What is the origin of the "-th" suffix? What is the linguistic term for the meaning it adds to words?
The adjective "dashing": can it be used to describe a woman?
When do you use what word to express that something consists of something else?
What is the proper way of using triple dots and spaces before/after them?
What would be a single word to mean: repeatedly re-choose one of two options alternately?
Why is "hyperbole" pronounced so differently from its spelling?
needn't = don't need to?
"I had finished the work on friday" / "I have finished the work"
What's up with all the words ending with "-eth" in the Bible?
Is there an English word containing the vowels ɤ or ɐ, and if not, which similar-sounding vowels are there in English?
Are there any indications that English is going to split into different languages in the next hundred years?
Is there a known reason that English has so many short words?
Is there a semantic difference between "pedophile" and "pederast"?
What is the origin of "your mother" as an answer to any question?
speaking about conditional past event using had (verb)... would (verb)
In "Winnie the Pooh", Why isn't the Hundred Acre Wood  plural?
What does "In some ways" exactly mean?
Part of speech of "very," "extremely," "really," and "quite"
Alternative to "separately from"?
Is the possessive of "one" spelled "ones" or "one's"?
"Certificate of residence" vs. "certificate of residency"
What is the precise meaning of "Pretty Good"?
Usage of "not comparable"
Jealousy and hate
The phrase "God willing."
What is the correct version of "upfront", "up front" or "up-front"?
"The place where we promised to meet"
"make it to there"
What would you call someone who needs to watch the news every day?
Does British English have a word for dry, starchy savoury snacks that are not fried slices of potato?
Case of USD — "United States Dollar" or "United States dollar"
"Canalized" usage in "a great impact which can also be canalized"
What do you call those divisions of a book bigger than a paragraph but smaller than a chapter?
What are all the ways the British use the word "lovely"?  Especially towards pretty girls?
Different ways to say "even if"
"Pretend to not" vs. "Pretend not to"
Should it be 10 US$ or US$ 10?
Having a singular subject and a plural object - which form to choose for the verb?
Why is it, "It seems different", but "It comes across differently"?
What is the time you spend on a thesis called?
Is it right to 'Hmmm'?
What is "outheroding"?
How to choose an abbreviation for a given word?
How does negation affect the use and understanding of "or" and "and"
What's the correct word for saying a certain position can be stood on?
"will be able to" vs. "can"
Can "shrugging" only be done with shoulders?
"Should" cannot replace "if?"
Is "homework" countable?
A common word for person/company/organization?
What is the exact meaning of the "oh so <adjective>" idiom?
Does "decoration" have to be visual?
"Lower number" vs. "smaller number"
A phrase misheard as 'San Ababis'
Use of "although" with a modifier
Is the phrase "man is mortal" grammatically correct?
How did "everloving" become a completely generic intensifier?
How does one use the Latin word "cum" in a sentence?
Has English adopted any common morphemes from languages that are not Greek, Latin, or French?
Should there always be a comma after "therefore","However" etc.?
What's the opposite of "retaliate"?
Difference between "introduction to" and "introduction of"
Question? or Question? sentence structure
About the use of future tense
The difference between "have a lunch" and "have lunch"
The difference between "shy" and "ashamed"
Are em dashes acceptable in lists?
How is a' in mathematics pronounced?
What is the exact phrase of Shakespeare’s for the phrase meaning “It’s not yet the worst when you are saying it’s the worst (situation).”?
Meaning of "magazine" from 1845
Was I correct to use the word "establish" in my tweet? Should I have included adverbial "as"?
Is it correct to say 'struck an example'?
Pronunciation of "cache"
Can you actually "stand to the right" on escalator?
Phrase: "This area is being supervised by video". Can "video" really supervise?
Is "i.e." in this situation incorrect?
What is the origin of the phrase "caught red-handed"?
Is there a straightforward word for "The thing in between first and second"?
Is there a way to transform "found" to stand for "things which have been found"?
Should I use 'to'?
Why do we say the earth is beautiful, not handsome?
There is no ticket or there are no tickets?
Grandma and Nan, origins and differences?
"Describe with" vs. "describe by"
What is the purpose of using the word "automagically" when we already have "automatically"?
What are the similarities and differences between "irony" and "sarcasm"?
Is "observant" exclusive to vision?
Pronunciation of "Azure" in "Microsoft Azure"
use of => symbol
What's the difference between a vicar and a pastor?
Are English language books translated to contemporary English?
What does the term "delicate genius" refer to?
Why I remember a wrong sense of the word "moron"?
Is there a word that means "Refinement of knowledge over time"?
What can I call the two possible directions on a line (as a category)?
"Just deserts" or "just desserts"
"Innocent" vs. "immature"
Who, what, where, when, why, how. Why so many "Wh"s?
"Opportunity of purchasing" vs "Opportunity to purchase"
Why is 'forty' spelled without a 'u' in Canadian/British English?
Is this quote grammatically correct?
What is considered a dystopia?
Anyone: ("they" or "he/she") why is it sometimes plural?
Etymology of wasteweir?
Older than me (or I)?
Should "vice versa" be treated as an independent clause?
Meaning of the counting rhyme "Eenie Meenie Miney Moe"
Is there a word for a person with only one head?
English word for a contest where participants collect items
Suffixes for verbification: -ify, -icise, -ificate
"'n'" as an abbreviation for "and" as in "rock 'n' roll"
"Today I've darkened 59 appropriate circles"?
"How to..", "How do you.." or "How do I.." when asking a practical question
A technical problem here
Difference between "condo" and "apartment"
What is the meaning of "Many a mickle makes a muckle"?
Alternative to "lossily compressed"
What does "high" add to the meaning of this sentence of Tagore's poem?
"Grudge" vs. "begrudge"
Is there a word for side-by-side translations?
"Cleats" vs. "soccer shoes"
Literal meaning of "to give a run for someone's money"
"Broken my duck"? Is this a common idiom/phrase?
Is “what in hejudas?” a common idiom or phrase?
Meaning of some sentences from sports pages of newspapers
Where did "elbow grease" come from?
Etymology vs. ethymology
Do we need “about” in “Employees are unhappy with about low wages”?
Is the use of a hyphen between "non" and an adjective strictly necessary?
What is a word for a man who has a lot of sexual relationships?
Opposite of "mute" or "silence" as verb
Is there a word for refusing to call things by their name out of fear?
What is a word that means "belief in the good nature of humankind"?
Is “a glut of” well-established idiom, or simple combination of “glut” and the subsequent word?
Is this letter censuring or just being sarcastic?
Is there an aphorism for doing a self-defeating act?
What does “pull sb. out of the hat” mean?
Is "sb." a commonly accepted abbreviation? What does it mean?
What is the meaning of the phrase "Land Sakes"?
What's an antonym for "tyranny"?
What's the term for siblings born 1+ years apart on the same day?
Why is a "fountain pen" so called?
Does the sentence of “Don’t you …”? have a connotation of accusation?
"Didn't check" vs. "Hadn't checked"
"Hirable" or "hireable"
What do you call a letter saying that you are amenable of a request?
Why do we use "gubernatorial" as an adjective?
Put two and two together...and got five?
Is there any difference in meaning between these sentences?
"to differentiate whether"
Is a schwa ever stressed?
How many of the "Top 10 favorite British words" are understood by Americans?
What's the converse of "side effect"?
Synonyms for "Almighty"
What do you call the exploitation of ambiguous statements to form a logical argument?
What is a less cumbersome way to say "acknowledging of hard work"?
Capitalization of words with dashes in titles
Etymology of "medicine" and its Native American usage
Meaning of "hail to the king"
A word to describe "people I care about"
"True" is to "false" as "truth" is to... what?
Why do we say "try and" [verb] instead of "try to" [verb]? (E.g., "Try and call me tomorrow.")
Why do we "beat seven bells out of" someone?
Do I need to put “the” before “most” in this sentence?
Changing a statement into a question
What is the difference between sugar cane and cane sugar?
"Managing of something" or "managing something"
How did the letter Z come to be associated with sleeping/snoring?
A generic noun for something being compared?
What is a "paying gig"?
Is Australian English closer to US English or British English?
Is it rude to call a gay person "homosexual?"
What does "non-authors" and "canonical redirects" mean in this sentence?
What does "gold is where you find it" mean?
"Little improvement" vs. "Little improvements"?
British and American slang words for immigrants?
A word for an action that's not illegal but morally dubious
What is meant by the phrase "Charlie Brown management"?
"Season" vs. "series"
Do you need to use "on" or "upon" when referring to dates?
"People like you" versus "people like yourself"?
Use "get" or not?
Word for "distance in time"
What is meaning of "a long way from being"?
What is the opposite of the "sub" prefix?
On or upon + gerund
"consumers may not trust producers for (??) enforcing the property"
What is the plural of "BlackBerry" (as in the handheld device)
How to properly write sentence with double words
Enquire and inquire
Is there a term for referring to an organization by its city rather than by its name?
Preventative vs. preventive
A word for something you didn't know you'd like
"Survey" vs. "inquiry"
Alternative for Challenge as section header
"Any arbitrary" versus "An arbitrary"
Is there a term to describe words missing in a document?
Intend by or intend with?
A "Decadent" Cheesecake?
"There already is" or "There is already"
Is there a connection between the various "states of being" that you can be "on"?
What does "low-growing" mean?
That which is vulgar, obscene, or profane (title reflects contents)
What does "run down a ball" mean?
'Patriotism' is to 'Country' as _______ is to 'City'
'Satire' is to 'Satirically' as 'Parody is to ...?
Can “inverted” be used to indicate that something is "inside-out"?
What is a "street address"?
Word for collection of religion's essential writings
what does "fancy-ass" mean?
Meaning of "throw some work your way"
Why do non-native English speakers get the present participle wrong?
Should I use the singular or plural here?
English from Icelandic?
Depression and happiness
Is cruel standard use as a noun in poetry? Are there terms for non-standard English specifically in regard to use in poetry?
How to indicate that a word / acronym X will refer to Y in academic writing
What's the difference between "any way" and "any which way"?
What is a good, short, word to describe a software engineer?
What is the origin and history of the word "motherf---er"?
Is there a word for an acronym which spells out one of its component words?
Is there a term for the direct opposite?
"Unstar as interesting"
Expressing an expectation for an action
Is "both" singular?
Why is the word 'number' abbreviated to 'No.' in UK English and '#' in American English?
Using term "shot dead"
What's the origin of the word "geezer"?
Usage of "implicate" and "imply"
Is this sentence correct? If wrong what is the correct form?
Does the word "gentleman" retain the distinction "of leisurely lifestyle" anywhere in British English?
What connotation exactly does the word "noddy" have in British English?
What does a "man of leisure" do exactly? What is the definition and the connotation?
What is the name of the phoneme produced in an upper-class Briton's pronunciation of the word "Duke"? What's different in the articulation?
What is "dook dook" called in English?
Is it considered rude language to omit interrogatives in speech?
How should "often" be pronounced?
What does "gleaning the cube" mean?
Is the adjective “vain” considered offensive when applied to a person?
What's earlier than an early bird?
Etymology of "fixing to"
What does "bring fire to the natives" mean?
When are you "fascinated with" something, and when are you "fascinated by" it?
What is a word for a question that has no answer because it is seemingly invalid?
Meaning of Phenotext and Genotext
Why is "xxxx doth not a yyyy make" considered valid English?
Opposite of "arrogant"/"having attitude"
Alternative to "Patient Discharge"
Can "let us" always be used in place of "let's"?
Spelling protocol (American/British/Canadian) for an International conference
What is prefacing paragraphs with "first," "further," and "also" called?
"Too serious" vs "too seriously"
Why do we talk a blue streak?
What does the phrase "that's as may be" mean?
What makes a question rhetorical?
Origin of "blue" for rude?
Which word should replace 'so-called' here?
What is the story behind the phrase 'as it were'? Where did it come from?
Origin of "roofies"
What did Petrucci mean by the book title 'Wild Stringdom'?
Word for “decorated too much”
Etymology of "German" versus etymology of "germane"?
Why The New York Times no longer capitalizes "E-mail"
Why isn’t “lutherie” spelled “luthery”?
Can "so" (as a conjunction) be followed by a sentence the subject of which is omitted?
Is there an American English dialect that sounds as "distingushed" as British English?
"The team is moving around really effectively." Is this a correct use of "effectively"?
Self-conscious vs. self-aware
Meaning of "No dark sarcasm in the classroom"
Antithesis of "international"
Is "time" needed in this sentence?
Word for next step in homologous series
What does “hoarse-throat tactics“mean?
"Mold" vs. "Mould"
"Data source types" vs. "types of data sources"
Difference between a sweater and a sweatshirt
In the UK - what does "cheeky half" mean?
Doing drugs vs having breakfast
Why do we not include a possessive in "thank you for coming", and include one in "thank you for *your* kindness"?
What do you call words that look like a negation but are not?
What is the articulatory logic behind the "a/an" rule in English? 
How did the definite / indefinite articles develop?
What's the difference between a jumper, a pullover, and a sweater?
Should it be "a established" or "an established"?
Is "peculiar" completely interchangeable with "strange"?
Is the following sentence written in a conditional sentence structure?
When is the use of "north" more appropriate than "northern" and vice versa?
Is saying "sh*t happens" ok?
Equivalents for "She's got a lovely singing voice"
What's the difference between "obscene" and "scatological"?
"Do you want to live forever?"
Is the phrase "the subcontinent" well understood?
Which one is correct, "favourite song of all time" or "... of all times"?
Which term is correct — "Afghan" or "Afghani"?
Etymology of "If I had my druthers..."
What does “walking middle finger” mean? Is it popular English word?
What are the differences between "hoarse", "husky", and "raspy" when describing a person's voice?  Which should describe someone with a cold?
Origin of "hating on"
What are the differences between "mimic" and "copy"?
Is there a plural of "metropolis", not "metropolises", that would sound better in a less formal register?
Why do we use the word "thereof"?
Is it okay to make up your own words at times?
Is there any other literary technique other than metaphor in the following quote?
Where does the phrase "on end" come from?
Which tense after 'would I... if.... ?'
Is there a specific word for "jolted from naïveté"?
If it is the "better" of two options (rather than "best"), is there still the "worst" of two options?
Why do people sometimes apologize when there is no need to?
Usage of "in figure" vs. "on figure"
Is it correct to say "one out of *a* possible four"?
both information
Is it common to use the borrowed noun-adjective form for borrowed French phrases?
Post-hyphenation of split compound words
What exactly does "my grandfather built this house" mean?
Is 'r' in Br/Amr pronunciation of Arjmand (Persian word) silent?
"Sl*t" term for males
"Plausible" vs. "possible"
"Question and Answers" equivalent when it's not a question
What does this use of "carpeted" mean?
Origin of the name "paw-paw"
What is the origin of the term "in forever"?
What is the noun for “to resume”?
What is the word for situation when something was done in most probable way, despite the fact it could go differently by an accident?
Bow vs Bow - etymology of the differing pronunciation
Which English accent works satisfactorily for speech recognition?
Meaning and usage of "bite me"
"Groom" in Marriage?
Grammaticality of Star Trek's slogan
"Met" vs. "met up"
Aeroplane and airplane
Is there a good book about interesting grammar in any language?
Is there a common English phrase for the 'so absurd it must be true' logical fallacy?
Is there a single word for a member of a group who completes a job?
Should I use "vue de l'esprit" in English?
How to use "you" word in a way that suggests it's singular/plural form?
Word for not knowing about something
"How much water do you take a bath with?" — Is this sentence correct?
Why do Americans call single beds 'twin beds'?
What does "Project is testable" mean?
Quantity for abbreviations of plural terms
Correct capitalisation of "Machiavellian"?
Why is it called 'renewable energy'?
What does it mean "mulls action"?
Meaning behind of "X leads from Y"
I cannot understand what's being asked here
Is "one of the co-founders" ever correct?
What does "foo" mean?
"May I come in?" is misleading?
Dropped the pen and threw up the sponge
"To which extent?" vs. "To what extent?"
Scottish vs. scotch
What is a word or phrase for when an artist cannot live up to his (or another author's) earlier work?
term for a brand run by a company without direct acknowledgment?
To 'confirm' or to 'affirm' a finding, anecdotally?
What does "dirty" mean in relation to a drink?
What are "duelling banjos"?
What does 'Ibid' mean in reference/footnotes?
Female equivalent of "fellow"
Pluralization of Phrases
Word for the mutual transfer of belongings to their appropriate domains
What was the original sound of rh?
Hearing equivalent for "speaker"
"Some characteristic C is what distinguishes A from B"
What does "Per [person's name]" mean?
nebula and nebulous - a question of origin
Were "devil" and "damned" really offensive words in Victorian times?
"Sold" in the meaning of "bought"?
That which comes before the "sequel"
What is the name for this "..." punctuation?
Are Pounds Sterling referred to as squid (in addition to quid)
What are the rules that govern the attribute given to someone as a result of where they come from?
What are the rules about using 'half of' with plural nouns?
What's the difference between "good on you" vs. "good for you", with a sincere meaning something like "you've done a good thing"?
What is a symbol [an expression or idiom] for a word of great length in English?
Omitting "to be"
What does this mean: "Credit card balance within $2000 of card limit"?
Is there a synonym for 'fake' that has good connotations?
What is the correct form of "advance" in the sentence: "My advance search"?
“-gram” vs. “-graph”
Relationship between kingdom, dominion, and doom
"Thanks for having me"
"May or May Not" Redundancy
A night without sleeping
Synonym for not taking personal responsibility
Full Steam Ahead ... malappropriated when applied to Trains?
Capitalizing a Figure
Words: paucity vs scarcity vs dearth
How flexible is "a dozen"?
Does 'some' necessarily imply 'not all'?
Is the word "women's" a typo?
Tassel vs. Tassle? Which is correctly spelled, or both?
Staying up at night
Is "may or may not" redundant?
"Corner" vs. "nook"
Inverse word order
"Geteth the tax"?
'Ours' meaning 'our home' - where is it used outside the UK, if anywhere?
Participle phrase — what can it modify?
What is the difference between "attribute" and "property"?
A word for two very different things juxtaposed?
Origin of "spill the beans"
Word describing a word used to reference a noun previously mentioned
Term for pronunciation technique
Where did "cc" and "bcc" come from?
What is a word that describes a person who has difficulty speaking with girls?
Does responsibility come with consequences?
Name of lines drawn to indicate movement?
Word contractions in Shakespeare's plays
Grease quote explanation "Pinkslips ownership papers?"
Word that means "healing" or "spiritually healing"?
One word for the ta-daa! pose?
Dilution of the word "hero" to include sports personalities
Pronunciation of the big-O notation
Chandlery: From candles to ships
What are these symbols called in the English language?
Rules on encapsulating additional information:  use commas(,.... ,)or dashes (- ... -)?
When a sentence starts with "e.g.", should the e be capitalized?
How do you write an ellipsis following an abbreviation?
City names with articles
What does "taking mock offence" mean?
Was the phrase "taking my talents" a common phrase before LeBron James used it?
Commonly used sources
Double parentheses
Alternative more-to-the-point words for "hot" (as in temperature)?
"Vendor" vs. "vender" in Standard American English
Does this sentence make proper use of the semicolon and colon?
"On tomorrow" vs. "by tomorrow"
"Champing on the bit"
"At various occasions" versus "on various occasions"
"Will be doing" vs. "will do"
"a" or "an" in this situation?
Word for an experience or entity that is enjoyable with repeated exposure, but not interesting or unpleasant if experienced once or a few times?
Origin of POSSLQ
Word meaning contradiction with itself
Are two or more clusters of ivy considered “ivy” or “ivies”?
Origin of "scumbag"
I need a word in the sense of “to category”
How did Americans greet each other before "Hi"?
"Virulent bacteria"
Using a comma before "but"
What are "excess deaths"?
Origin of the word "mainframe"?
Impugned and pugn'd
Word for resembling the truth
Usage of and equivalents of Sir
Origin of "ballpark estimate" to mean a very rough estimate?
What's the difference between "cardinal" and "ordinal" as adjectives?
When and how did "momentarily" come to mean "in a moment", rather than "for a moment"?
Is an "informed guess" the same as an "educated guess"?
Origin of term "doublespeak"
Freedom fighters vs Freedom fighters
Does the expression “put the clothes on your back” have an idiomatic meaning?
Can and can't pronunciation
Better phrase for "taking care of one's responsbilities"
"Analysis on" vs. "analysis of"
When did commas start appearing after conjunctions?
Where is the root morpheme in the Old English cristalla (crystal) and cymen (cumin)?
What does "vipers" mean here?
Where is the root morpheme in Middle English talon (talon, claw) and muscheron (mushroom)?
Is "Didn't used to have been" a valid structure?
Why "meth-", "eth-", "prop-", when there is "uni-","di-","tri-"?
Capitalization of "Theorem 1" in mathematics papers
Are there any plans to extend the English alphabet
Why are Roman numerals still used?
Capitalising a sentence whose first word is explicitly lowercase
Does 'fall in with' always have a negative connotation?
Etymology of the color name "orange"
"I'm sure" vs. "I'm for sure": Who uses which, and when?
Is "Lingo" appropriate in a formal context?
Is metathesis correct?
Which of these is the correct usage "working [with / on / in]"?
Are "shower gel" and "body soap" regional synonyms?
Is this an example of irony?
"Ironic" vs. "ironical"
Why are the people of the United States called "Americans" when the whole continent is "America"
What is the section before the commas called at the start of a sentence after words such as "well" or "however"
Are apostrophes actually needed?
"To compensate" or "compensate for"?
"Forty foot" or "forty feet"?
“out loud”: is it hyphenated or not?
"is it me, or..." meaning and usage
Is it true that the plural of "chad" is "chadim"?
Is it incorrect to use a sentence fragment to answer a question?
Do I have to use the auxiliary before all the verbs?
Why don't we pluralize "foot" in measurements?
What are some old-world alternatives or precursors to 'WTF' (expressions of frustration or surprise)?
When is it appropriate to use non-breaking spaces?
Plural error or set phrase? -- a Games for everyone
English "whole" and Greek "holos"
"these days" - what is the correct usage/meaning?
Is "The City Beautiful" (Orlando's motto) grammatically correct?
Precise names for parts of a day
Reason for the current trend to use «she» as the gender-neutral pronoun?
Are there other verbs like “be” and “go”?
Ending a sentence with an abbreviation
Is there a term for "midnight" that is like "noon"
How to answer a negative question without ambiguity?
Do English speaking people jeer at big feet?
How can I write out 1.5?
Why are country names localized and city names not?
"Who him?" as a stand-in for "Who is he?"
What do you call auto parts that are meant to fit specific vehicles and those that aren't?
Catchall term for "Junior", "Senior", "the late", "widow", and the like?
What is the one word expression for 'wayside grass'?
Meanings for "tea"
What is a good adjective for something I do a lot?
Is “nice to meet you” an appropriate online salutation?
Did English ever have a word for 'yes' for negative questions?
Etymology of "pfiesteria"?
Appropriate dash to use when attributing a quotation?
"How are" or "How is" the wife and kid?
What exactly is "noonday night"?
'Calm, cool and collective' vs 'calm, cool and collected'
Placing a comma after a conditional statement
Pronoun "it" for baby?
Online tools to look up words from pronunciation
What are the most popular gender-neutral pronouns that aren't the same as other contemporary pronouns?
Is there a word for a concept defined by the lack of something?
Established as a rule through experimentation or statistics
Freshmen, Sophomores, Juniors, Seniors - what category?
"Referee" vs. "umpire" vs. "judge"
Why do they call a murder a "red ball" case?
How do the rules of English inform understanding of one of our language's most disputed sentences?
What rules make “Remember me, who am your friend” grammatical?
A single word for a person who suffers great loss
Is it appropriate to use 'eagerly' while ending a formal e-mail
"Do's" and "don'ts" or "do's" and "don't's"?
What does "off the strip" mean (Las Vegas)?
What does ‘Lower oneself for farewell swim’ mean? Is this a sport related jargon?
When and why did competence become "competency"?
What is a term for words that are both homophones and homographs?
What is the origin of the word "parlor"?
A good word for someone who frequents many entertainment outings
Are there any "-nk-" or "-nc-" words in English where there isn't a "ng" before the "k" sound?
Is there any difference between these two sentences?
Usage of "terrorist"
Is "pedantician" a word?
What is the antonym of register?
Meaning of 'be upset', angry or not calm? Maybe evolved after decades?
What's the difference between be verbs and auxiliary verbs?
What is the history and geographic area of the word "finna?"
Using multiple verbs with multiple nouns
What's the difference between "Collaborate" and "Cooperate"?
Plural form of movie titles
What is the difference, if any, between 'art', 'the arts', and 'Art'?
Can "I wonder" be put at the end of a sentence?
“Experimentally determined” vs. “determined experimentally”
How did English get the "What is your name?" construction?
"In Long Island" or "on Long Island"?
How old is the word "prolly"?
A word for someone who never had a mate because he/she has a high standard
What does it mean : to cut it anymore?
"Out of pocket"?
use of contractions (and some homophones)
Should I capitalize "Chemical Engineering Curriculum"?
Meaning and best case usage of 'Out of the blue'
What is the "how" doing in one sense of the sentence "How would you like to die?"
Where is the root morpheme in Modern English abortion?
What is a concise word or phrasing for "in a context without a user"?
Word to describe quality of being a blind study
Antonym for "Virgin"
"Please explain" or "explain please"
Would you capitalize these words: dean, vice-dean, vice-dean of external affairs, and academic council?
What is the origin of the phrase "to take a rain check"
What is the collective noun for a collection of collective nouns?
What causes the pronunciation "nucular"?
Correct place for "constitutes"
Is there a proper way to quote something someone said in a press release without using the form: said Nate?
Picked, perked or pricked up?
"Can I have one apple from your box?" vs "Could I have one apple from your box?"
What would you call a person who doesn't want to learn anything new?
What's the meaning of "plays in the minds of someone"?
Can I use the term 'America' to signify just the United States?
When should I use archaic and obsolete words?
Meaning of "non-normative"?
What does "interstitial effect" mean?
Using 'generify' to mean 'to make generic'?
Speaking about someone of unknown gender
What does the phrase "Does the Pope sh** in the woods?" mean?
"Cleaning area" or "cleaning surface"?
"No Limit" Versus "Unlimited"
Is there a term to describe an event which happens every 18 months?
What is the origin of the phrase "I rest my case"?
The usage of "sic" in writing
Why does "is" replace "has"?
"I’ve been also" or "I've also been"?
What's the reason for the difference in pronunciation between "dispatch" and "dispatcher"?
Is it "close-minded" or "closed-minded"?
What do Brits means when they say "perving around"?
What's the word for when a word means what it seems like it should mean?
Long-Lived … how many pronounce it with a long "i"?
Commas around non-parenthetical name like "The famous playwright, William Shakespeare, was born…"?
Linking sounds?
“Be” as an action rather than a state
Antonym of "capital"
Terms for "half a decade"
"Repetitive" vs. "repetitious"
What sentence parts needs to be repeated here?
Does English have frequently used ordinary words that distinguish between equality and equivalence?
Term for a former prisoner, who seems to have an aura of jail hanging around him
Standard format for phone numbers?
What is a synonym for “superstition” but without the negative connotation?
"I was fresh out of pies to throw at you"
Why are names abbreviated in certain books?
Word for "ability to hide complexity"
"Hardware-counter-based tools" or "hardware-counter based tools"?
The use of "for" and "of"
What do I call a word with roots from multiple languages?
Common root of "practice," "practical," and "practicum"
Is "farewell reception" correct?
What is the difference between "get it over" and "get over it"?
Pronunciation of double consonants
What is the correct plural of "stadium"?
Why do courts use "What say you?"
What is the correct word to accompany " A survey..."?
What do you call a group of people that move a lot?
Does the letter C serve any unique purpose?
Is the -re "supposed" to be silent in the pronunciation of "macabre"?
What is it called phonetically, when Americans change the pronunciation of "pronunciation" to "pro-*noun*-ciation"?
This weekend vs Next weekend
Defining profit loss in laymans terms - without using loss in the explanation
What to call certain types of vague words that trigger strong emotions
Does "fathers" in RP exclude R and unvoice the S?
What is the meaning of the phrase "duly require"?
Present tense for future events
Is there a single word for speech with a double meaning?
How did "roughly" come to mean approximately?
Origin of "s--t eating grin"
Gender-neutral equivalent for "Take it like a man"
Does "generosity"/"generous" - as character quality - imply connotations "giving of your OWN resources, not someone else's"?
Is there an English word meaning "snacks eaten as an accompaniment while drinking alcohol"?
What is the difference between "information", "data", "knowledge", "science"?
Where is the root in these words: miniature, minimal, minimize?
What is the subject of a survey called?
Success is not something that just happens (by accident or by chance)
Damage vs. Damages
Why does "love child" imply "out of wedlock"?
What is the correct plural of "chaise longue"?
Where does the phrase pattern “X! Whiskey! Sexy!” originate?
"Ta" and "ta-ta"
Where [if anywhere] should the apostrophe go in "three days work"?
About using singular as food
Correct response to "Pardon me"
Why is there a "mean" in "Greenwich Mean Time" (GMT)?
An antonym for "continuum" to describe a limited set of possible options
What does it mean to describe someone's chin as "pugnacious"?
To what do the "letters" in the title "a man of letters" refer?
What's the difference between "requester" and "requestor"?
What is the equivalent of "noughties" and "tweens" for 1900-1920?
"You could do worse than [x]"
What are the possible meanings of positive "any more"?
Is "premises" always plural?
South vs Southern - difference?
When did Greenwich begin to be pronounced as "Gren-ich"?
What should I call this kind of animation?
"The odor of strong rum made a greasy pass through the room."
What are a stag's comrades called?
What are the polite and neutral versions of “cut the bull*’?
Why "ain't I" and "aren't I" instead of "amn't I"?
Using "skies" instead of "sky"
etymology of "sesquicentennial"
Phrase for asking the obvious
How should I address a woman who serves food and drinks to passengers on a plane?
What is ‘a bell-covered hat’?
What is the origin of the term "Couch Potato"?
Hyphenating “steady state”
Pronoun after verb "to be"
The wild flowers looked like a soft orange blanket _______ the desert
What does "kick him off his peg" mean?
Adjective with proper noun
"Shopping basket" or "shopping cart"
What does "not having a pair" mean?
study comedy "at" or "in" the XYZ theater
What is a "shipping quote"?
What does "descriptive gauntlets" mean?
Pronouncing acronyms
Why is "f" in a singular replaced with "v" in its plural?
Please define the grammar errors (by their generally accepted terms) in this sentence
Shorter way to say "conversational partner"
What is a good synonym for "interesting"?
General term for muggle-type terms?
Why use "need not" instead of "do not need to"?
What's the difference between the adjectives "strategic" and "tactical"?
Idiomatic expression related to "cat-putting"
Forming the negative with "no?"
Is the term "fire and forget" well understood?
Can an image be redacted, or just text?
Why is the letter after "Mc" in names capitalized?
What's a more professional term than 'blow your mind'?
Plural of "daughter in law"
Etymology of "computer" before computer referred to a machine
"Vs." vs./v. "V."
Usage of 'yesterday' for future
"Touring team" vs. "Exhibition team"
"Daily conversations" vs. "daily conversation"
Expertise and speciality
Can I write June 15 instead of June 15th?
What word describes interpreting evidence in such a way as to reach a desired conclusion?
Syntactically correct, semantically incorrect sentence
Nightlife or night life (BrE)
Can I use “I have asked something”
Is there a single verb or expression that means "to [gather|aggregate] and then arrange/filter"?
Where did the person change?
what's the phrase for "I don't want to be reliant on someone else"
Is "so-so" correct usage for "more or less"?
"Excuse I" correctness
Latin (or Greek) -x becomes -ght?
How do we pronounce "others'"?
Do all syllables belong to open syllable or closed syllable?
"Can hardly wait" versus "can't hardly wait"
The meaning of "interpret" here
I can't get no satisfaction? really?
"Need just [verb]" vs. "need to just [verb]"
"Place" or "venue"?
Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon: Is there a name for this kind of punny transference?
What's the difference between grammar and syntax?
"Records" or "record"?
What is the “Ap” in the surname “ApSimon”?
Where is the root morpheme in the Modern English word "absent"?
Term meaning 'with written words'
Where is the root morpheme in Modern English ambassador, embassy?
"I'm all mashed up inside."
What does "crowding out" mean?
Please explain the: upwards vs upward difference
"has" or "have"? As in "X requires that Y have ..." versus "X requires that Y has ..."
Term for common definition of irony
What do “socially imposed judgments” and “Keyboard, face, keyboard, face.” mean?
Why is "ouster" the act of ousting and not one who ousts?
"If" and "would be" when talking about future events
In the sentence "Each time you sleep with someone, you also sleep with his past," what does "past" mean?
Casual writing to express that someone is thinking of something?
"Will be/would have been home tomorrow"
Using “actual” to signify “current”
Is this dash correct?
Can someone explain the phrase "All is fair in love and war"?
Synonym for force-feed?
Any website to look up words with similar pronunciation or spelling?
What does "The Quality of Mercy is not Strained" mean?
What does "X his way out of a paper bag" mean?
Is "spoon feeding" a widely accepted usage?
What is the difference in usage between crenulate and crenelate?
Can a colon split a verb and the rest of the predicate?
Surname, family name and last name
Is "half-a-dozen" an accepted term?
Difference between "canteen" and "cafeteria"
Using apostrophe when abbreviating "recommendations" as "reco's"
Where's 'in-law' in mother-in-law from?
Meaning or definition of "substantional"
Choosing the better word order
What does it mean to "pay X on the dollar"?
Use of "facetious"
What's the difference between "informal", "colloquial", "slang", and "vulgar"?
What is the correct way to pluralize improper fractions?
"A dual nationality" vs. "dual nationalities"
"when you are done" vs. "when you are through" vs. "when you are finished"
"I specialize in system programming by using C++"
Hidden meaning in "Got milk?"
What is the difference between "what do you think" and "how about"?
Usage of "ain't"?
The computer has 48GB memory (or memories?)
What does "on its way out" mean?
Grammar behind the song title 'The Way I Are'
Does "criticism" imply positive as well as negative?
It's a little low on grist
Usage of "is" and "does" 
What is implied in calling someone "Citizen"?
'Run' or 'Operate' for a business related sentence
What does “what’s in store” mean?
How does a word come to have two completely opposite meanings?
How to distinguish between "blasphemy" and "sacrilege" in a non-religious context?
"As of late" or "as of lately"?
Should anti- and counterclockwise be hyphenated?
Meaning of "pragmatic"
In literary terms, what's the best word to describe a collection of locations?
What is the difference between the words "as" and "like"
Period before or after short form for inches
"Types of" followed by singular or plural?
Helper: loose vs. lose
Expressions for a mystery?
"Know about" vs. "know of"
Are "Conditional apology" and "poisoned apology", rude?
The phrase "let alone"
What is the difference between "Height" and "Summit"؟
What is the usage of "wore on"?
The phrase, "It's on tonight."
Differences between "vulgar" and "coarse", "crass", "crude", "rough", "rude", "unrefined" as applied to language
What is the difference between "can't" and "mustn't" in the expressing of prohibition?
"to" vs. "until"
To give a talk?
Should I abbreviate word starting with “kn” as “K” or “N”?
Perfect Continuous tense with the verb "be"
Origin of the idiom "wear the pants"
Is there any nuance in ‘I was kind’ when it means ‘I treated her kindly”?
Word for sensors that collect the same data in two different ways
Origin of "Everybody is smarter than anybody"?
About 'used to'
What is the word or phrase of the relationship between an account and a bank?
Where is the root morpheme in Modern English evacuate and vacuum?
Is integer a commonly understood term?
How to restructure this agglomeration of adjectives so it gets readable?
Meaning of "do over"
Why is there no form of "do" in questions of the type "who knows?"
Origin of "Plumb" to mean "absolutely"
Single word for "break" with professional connotation
Why does "how" not follow the structure of the other interrogatives?
Is "conversate" a word?
Get a life | You have no life
Is there a single noun, preferably not a gerund, for the act of exceeding or surpassing?
What is the etymology of "board" as found in "room and board"?
Should there be a comma in "The heading reads, 'a chart heading.'"?
A conditional sentence with present perfect
Using the expression "the same" for a previously mentioned item
Why is shippable spelled with 2 p's
"How big of a problem" vs. "how big a problem"
Instantaneous interpretation of disjoined events over a duration
"Medium" or "mediums" or "media"?
Where did the phrase "shut up" as an expression of disbelief or amazement originate?
How do you respond back to "Hi, How is it going?"
Does this ‘twice’ mean two times, or double in quantity?
"I use to", or "I used to"
What is the name for someone who gives his subordinates a morale boost?
Suggestion for English phrase dictionary?
Antonym of "superlative"
What does the phrase "money ahead" mean?
Synonym for "cluster" in a technical context
Is "Four times more" grammatically correct? And, if so, what precisely does it mean?
Proper usage of 'if so' in a sentence
What's the difference between 'allow' and 'allow for'?
What is the correct way to use "neither" and "nor" in a sentence together?
The origin of “go cold turkey”
"if it were possible" vs "if it was possible"
Is "There are many options to customize your preference" grammatically correct?
Can "shop" (related to selling or stores) be used as a transitive verb?
Can I start a sentence with "i.e."?
Is there an English phrase for an inability to actually *leave* already?
Why is it called an “Indian file”?
'Therefore' in an illogical logic sense
"At the flicks" - where did this term come from?
What does "Suit yourself" mean?
"But winter babies are more likely to die before they turn one."?
What does "which" mean in this sentence?
How to use "text" as a verb
*Getting on one's nerves*, *last nerve* or *third nerve*?
What does "wicking" mean in "aircraft quality wicking"?
What does "Aqua-compliant" mean?
"you" versus "You" as polite form of writing
Terminology for the levels user programs go through to access hardware
What is the meaning of "Dick" when it is a person's name?
"Destination language" or "target language"?
"How's keen to do X" - what's the story?
Identifying the literary technique
What do you call those pubs that are run in ruins and soon-to-be-demolished buildings?
"Contemporary" vs. "contemporaneous"
Rhetorical device in Julius Caesar
In sex talk, how many bases are there and what do they all mean?
Superlative + noun + "possible": why does the adjective come after the noun?
Where does the term "tuck shop" come from?
How to convey to someone that food is losing heat?
How rude is "to eat like a pig"?
Where does the phrase "red herring" come from?
Use of "them" as an article, not a pronoun
When should we use "and" and/or "and/or"?
"Decoding time" vs. "time of decoding"
Does "ducking" have anything to do with a canard?
Superlatives with "the"
Ambiguity of "Dogs must be carried on this escalator"
What is the term used for saying if something increases/decreases it has no effect on another thing
What is the word for thinking a joke is both funny and bad (groan-worthy) at the same time?
Why do we use the phrase 'Across the pond'?
Meaning of "set such store" (not a shop)
The mysterious, unenunciated "w" in the "-wich" of English place names
Is it safe to use the British standard for numbering in a novel with a worldwide audience?
Should it be an "unlike" or "dislike" button on Facebook?
Is "gets" the correct tense to describe a continuous process in "John gets mentored on a daily basis"?
"It is me" vs. "It is I"?
Looking forward to follow vs. following
Is it more correct to say "repeat", or "resay"?
What does "CP" stand for? (job name)
"At any moment" vs. "in any moment"
Does a comma have to be used before 'because'?
explanation for: to "playback" media content
Boundaries for a person's name - danah boyd
"If the bowl had been stronger, my song had been longer."
The correct usage of "too" and "also"
Is there a reference book that lists words by usage or theme?
Meaning of a "cheap person"
“Take long/longer/less long”
Can a negative be used to express a positive, such as "mangoes are sweet and so aren't papayas."
"He loves baseball like his father does" OR "He loves baseball like his father"?
Apostrophe-“s” vs “of ”
A word for "to be completely invisible except to those who have been chosen"
"Pretension" vs. "pretentiousness"
Which transitive verbs can form notional passives?
"It’s the height of the season"?
How to understand "pop" in this sentence?
"Who wrote ... ?" or "Who did write ... ?"
Did English ever have an informal version of “we”
Can you say "raise an animal"?
Is it correct to ask "what's your father?" when you actually mean to ask about his job?
Is saying "he's too thin to carry it (some very heavy stuff)" a euphemism?
"You ain't able to be sure about anything."
When do we need to put a comma after "so" at the beginning of a sentence?
How to ask questions with "how many" in them?
Is it “on Facebook“ or “in Facebook“?
Is using "he" for a gender-neutral third-person correct?
Meaning of "hail from"
Does this sentence "He's too thin to carry it" make any sense to you?
What is the literary term used to describe long vowel sounds?
"This is the first year" + clause
What does "noon hour" mean?
what does it mean when some one says " I was calculating your cake penalty"?
Is it possible to regard -id as a suffix forming adjectives in Modern English?
"In office" or "at office"?
what does it mean to be cheerleading a project when you are the boss?
Should I put a definite article before a scientific term?
Does the word "system" have any special meaning in literature?
Are 'accuracy' and 'precision' interchangeable nouns?
How to affectionately call someone who is always moaning/whinging?
Antonym of 'Formalize'
"Headed in the right direction" or "heading in the right direction"?
Differences between "sleeper" and "dark horse"
What is the meaning of "zen is the art of being at one with the two'ness"
Should I use a comma before "and" or "or"?
Should it (always) be "contact me" or (sometimes) "contact with me"?
Schedule on Tuesday
Term for insulting words which sound grand?
What does the door do?
What are the origins of the idiom "dying to..."?
The meaning of "This is it"
"Jumped through the fence"
A word for price after tax and service charge but before discount
Is the phrase "in function of" proper English?
How do you punctuate elliptical constructions?
Can "Sure thing" mean "You're welcome"?
Face up or head up?
Antonym of  "Landed with a thud"?
"Do" vs. "does" with multiple singular subjects
Which one is correct? "A teacher of English" or "An English teacher"?
What does "shine on" mean?
What is the meaning of this sentence: "He can can a can"?
Using the definite article with acronyms and initialisms
"That's okay" to mean "no" or "don't bother"?
Meaning of the phrase "Educational pearl"
What is the difference between "I've been to China" and "I've gone to China"?
Is the meaning of "This is it" figurative?
General rule for pronouncing initialisms?
Does "Fail to understand" have a negative connotation?
What does "wound up" mean in this case?
If- conditional construct using future events
What's the difference between "should" and "could" (in the present tense)?
"I am thinking to invest" or "I am thinking investing"?
How to understand "like it or not"?
Where does the term "Monad" come from?
"When would be the best time" vs. "what would be the best time"
"When the internet first got kicking"?
When to use "I was ... " and when "I had been ... "?
Why "just another bit of intrigue"?
Skyping or Skypeing
How to compare frequency of word use over time between British and American English?
"Inputted" or "input"
'Did see' and 'Saw'
"I must to England" in Hamlet: What does "must" mean without an infinitive?
What does "if and when" mean, and is it the same as "when and if"?
What's the origin of "throwing someone under the bus"?
What is the Adjective form of Tuba
What is the meaning of "if only as"?
Is there a schwa in the middle of Coleridge?
"tag question" vs. "question tag"
Meaning of Lady Macbeth's reply
word/phrase for initial set of data or givens
what does "provide for" mean?
Is there a polite alternative to "No thanks, I'm full"?
A data compromise
What does "run of house" mean with regard to hotel room type
"Unpleasant smile" vs. "unhappy smile"
What's the difference between "buy up" "buy down" "buy" and "purchase"
"I wrote a (albeit very rough) draft" or "I wrote an (albeit very rough) draft"
Use of commas and "thus far" in the "The Gettysburg Address"
A word for someone who has more skill than a code monkey to be at just the next level
Gender question
Word for someone who collects dice
What's a "right old roarer" in British English?
What's the meaning of "six words away"?
Origin of "zero"
Usage of “as per”
"Had changed destiny"
What would you call the object of an activity one does for fun?
Fine semantic differences between "thus" and "therefore"
Is there a term for switching syllables of words?
If Christopher is a "carrier of Christ" then what is Jennifer carrying?
No loitering sign: "Police Take Notice"
American pronunciation of "professor" and "law"
Why does my spellchecker vindicate "floccinaucinihilipilification"?
Is it better to say "How do I..." or "How can I..."?
How were key positions on the typical QWERTY keyboard chosen?
Meaning in context and grammar
Is "webdesigner" a word?
How does one pronounce "nihilism"?
Intention of rising pitches
The phrase "to pour cloud water"
What is the expression to suggest a few dates and times to meet?
English counterpart to Japanese signal word, “Dokkoisho”
How do I ask a question about someone's order of birth?
Whence the phrase, "in short order"?
What is the difference between "little" and "a little"?
Is it "as God is my witness,“ or "as God as my witness"?
How can I greet a group of teachers?
"Arrival of Nightfall"
Alternative terms for meaning "wake up"
"Satisfaction guaranteed or your money back"
What is the pronunciation of "Aussie"?
Does "filling out" equal to "filling in"?
"Exchanged with" vs. "exchanged for"
Translation for Dutch "tot en met": until and including?
Is it correct to say "This train not taking passengers"?
Is "used in anger" a Britishism for something?
What's a short phrase meaning "visited and ascended" (e.g. a tower)?
Etymology of close |kləʊz| (klōz) & close |kləʊs| (klōs)
The meaning and the origins of "everything's gone pear-shaped."
Origin of phrase "I slept at"
Antonym for piling up?
Is this sentence structure correct?
Difference between 'decline' and 'decrease'
What's the opposite of "server"/"server operating system"?
Short and well-known term for "jump from one branch to another"
What is the difference between metaphysical and spiritual?
"Forecasted" or "forecast"
Can adjectives be placed without a noun after them?
Why does the name 'John' have an 'h' in it?
Pronunciation of foreign words in American vs. British English?
Origin of expression 'at the double'
Phrase about movie stars
Is there a gender-neutral word for "aunts and uncles"/"parents' siblings"?
Does "exact" determine the precision or the accuracy of something?
What does "not biting" mean?
Do you say 'white blackboard'?
Is it proper to use a colon followed immediately by a hyphen?
An "unhappy smile"
"Were gone" vs. "had gone"
Is “who all is” grammatically correct?
How does one write "day in and day out"
Is there a term to describe speech that has a hidden meaning but is not sarcastic?
"In its original formulation" versus "On its original formulation"
Confusing meanings of "inexorable" and "unstoppable"
Pluralization of savings and costs (plural expressions of plural quantities)
Is "taking him going away" a common fishing phrase?
What are the differences between "crack", "slit", "crevice", "split", and "cleft"?
What are some slang terms for "newspaper"?
Should there be a period after an equation?
Origins of English Double-C Pronunciations
When and why is "flied" used as the past tense of "fly"?
What does "hard sums" mean?
Why is the phrase "should have went" so widely used?
What is the meaning of "Already wet, aren’t they? Little squirts!"?
Etymology of "what gives"?
How should I parse the sentence "Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo."
Is there a difference between "holiday" and "vacation"?
"anymore" vs. "any more"
Can a noun (such as “duct tape”) be used as a verb?
Speaking with a forked tongue
Is "receival" a valid word for the act of receiving something?
Best practice for reply to thanks?
To what extent do English words sound like what they describe?
What does "bespoke" mean in this context?
Meaning of "I'm not your friend, buddy", besides the literal meaning
Is the sentence "It is removed" grammatically correct?
Referring to past times with "hence"
Difference between "little" and "small"
A single word for someone who is not pleased no matter how hard you try
Use of "Sure" in reply to help offering  and to appreciation
Understanding appositives and the use of the m-dash ( — )
Can the word 'aggregation' be used to mean a collection of people?
What does "all rot" mean in here?
What is the difference between a catch and a handle?
"can hardly" vs. "there's no way"
What is the meaning of "drains" in here?
'Shelled' vs. 'deshelled'
"can hardly" vs. "can't hardly"
What is a synonym for "girlfriend"?
Is "driving the reins" used as a deliberately erroneous phrase?
Which symbols can I use as shorthands to convey specific meanings?
'where they would all' vs 'where they all would'?
What's a Denver accent sound like?
Meaning of "my fool of a sister can't get at you"
What is "rose up" here, and what does it mean by "out of it" and "pantomime demon"?
What are alternative responses for when someone sneezes?
Where does "otay" come from?
Word for "on this side of the ocean"
Electronic or electronics for the adjective
What does "bar hate" mean?
"What were you thinking..."
"It did the job" meaning
A far away place
Should we avoid using words that have alternate offensive meaning
What does "I was had" mean?
Difference between "then" and "than"
What are the origins of the word "nice"?
Use of "it" in titles
"That hurts" or "that hurt"?
Usage of [to be] + had
Where does "on one's last legs" come from?
Ellipses at the end of unfinished lists
"I'm only grandfathering you in because of Serena."
Where did 'love someone to the bones' come from?
What's the opposite of 'formless'?
What do you say when you want to express that the only hope is gone?
Please use other door?
When should single quotes be used?
What is the origin of "daemon" with regards to computing?
Usage of 'customs' in lieu of 'immigration'
"Me being" versus "my being"
"Conscribed" vs "conscripted"
I want to use the suffix -orama with rate (rating)
How do I correctly pluralize acronyms?
"I would have a car, which would ALLOW me to take myself from point A to point B faster"
"Sites like Facebook do/does use ..."
When a question is followed by a bulleted list, where does the question mark go?
What's the difference between these names of moving water?
Is “get somebody off the couch” a well-established idiom?
Is there a synonym for laziness or procrastination
"Apache are" or "Apache is"?
Does "Thanks a Lot" sound too casual for showing gratitude to someone in a higher position
Pronunciation of "Wales" and "whales" in Scotland
Synonym for "proud parents"
When All Authorities Agree
Meaning of "The most I ever did for you, was to outlive you, / But that is much"
Difference between "spine" and "backbone"
'co-opt' in US usage
What is the origin of the knock-knock joke?
Origin of "man!", "(oh) boy!", and "oh brother" 
Situations where to use "Shake and bake, baby"
when to use the expression "hanging from the rafters?"
"Pretty please with sugar on top"
"You were already having been going to do that!"
Is "latte" a countable noun?
Percentage expression
Ten bagger baseball explanation
What is the polite way to acknowledge a pregnant lady after a long hiatus?
"Fermentor" vs. "fermenter"
"Toys out of the pram" expression
How to use it's vs is?
Etymology of 'teaching grandma to suck eggs'?
Need alternative to "brave smile"
"I'd be a * if anything" meaning
What is the difference in meaning between "pattern" and "rhythm"?
I've been through that stage "ages ago" or "ages before"
"Punctuality is the politeness of kings."
Is "e'er" a true English word?
When do nouns convert between mass and count?
A term for a "clean" win
Difference between "commit suicide" and "suicide"
Should a pan of brownies really be called "brownies" if uncut and in one piece?
Meaning of "two out of three ain't bad"
Meaning of "poured it on and poured it out"
How is "brrm" pronounced?
What does the phrase "in my puff" mean?
Meaning of "the body soon learns to stand down in the face of fat"
A single word for an "instance" of publicity
Is the expression "showed it what for" or "showed it one for"?
Why do we say, "keep a stiff upper lip"?
"The most distant ever visited by a spacecraft from Earth"
Meaning of Early Modern English "iuie"
Asking a permission to ask a question by saying the word Question, followed by the actual question
What's a reception room / parlor / parlour / drawing room?
What is the difference between "electric" and "electrical" and their usage?
What does “Lead from  behind” exactly mean?
Are emails, videos, and audios, etc, considered telegrams?
Are double negatives ever appropriate in English?
What constitutes a double negative?
What comes after "octuplet"?
'2-3' or 'two to three' proper use
Word opposite of risk but still entailing uncertainty
"Some same thing/person"
What is the origin of being in "hot water"?
Can 'area' be called 'plot'?
What does the "yours" in "yours sincerely" mean?
How do you pronounce "tuple"?
The grammatical function of "How"
What is the difference between "quicker" and "faster"?
How did the word "chunter" come about?
What is the origin of "tall tale"?
Throw away/in/out for rubbish?
Does a gerund always end with "-ing"? If so, why?
Where should the period be put when an entire sentence is quoted at the end of a sentence?
What does it mean to "beat one's breast"?
What's the usage of ''anything'' in this sentence?
Check source "into" or "in to" SVN?
"The pair was ..." or "the pair were ..."
Plural form of "Son-in-law"
What is the origin of the phrase a "hung jury"?
Attorney at law, is there any other kind?
Can I use "as late as" to express a deadline?
What does "uncancellable" mean? / What is a word for "not able to be uncancelled"?
Is there a difference between "quicker" and "more quickly"
How did the word "lid" come to mean "poor operator" (in the context of telegraphy and amateur radio)?
Why does the common meaning of "impertinent" have nothing to do with "pertinent"?
What is the preposition category of "along"?
What is the origin of the usage of the word "rook" as it refers to the chess piece?
Alternatives to "I lived the wrong way"?
Origin of "That's what she said"?
What does "I am all yours" mean?
What’s the meaning of ‘smooth chin’?
Does this ‘be going to’ have an emotional meaning?
What does 'age out' mean?
"Directly" in the meaning of "As soon as"
How can I tell when an abbreviation is an acronym?
Are there any expressions that describe going from a bad to a worse situation?
Are "fault" and "default" etymologically related?
What does it mean to "eat glue"?
Noun for enable ("enability", "enabliness")?
First-person narrative of a story occurring at the moment
'Provided that' followed by two conditions
Adverb for "Cannot be topped"
What would you call a person who looks around for useful or used stuff?
Is "Sheath" the right word for describing exterior covering of the plane?
"On which" or "upon which"
Look who's talking
Pants — "is it" or "are they"?
Seconds has/have passed
What does "Roger" mean in war movies?
Use of prefixes mis- and mal-
Car, Bus, Airplane, Truck excluding Bicycle
Being in love with someone
How should a date be written?
Is it a "driver license" or a "driver's license" or a "drivers license" or...what?
The louder he talked of his honor, the faster we counted our spoons
Why do we use 'did' with questions using the simple past tense?
What is a word for "one entity widening conditions for another"?
Why "themselves" and "himself"
Hyphenating spelled-out fractions with large numerators and/or denominators
What's the opposite of "precede"?
Why does the ending -ough have six pronunciations?
Is it correct to speak of an object as "cover" ? or to say "behind cover"?
What does “double-down” mean when used in a context other than Blackjack?
Why is "busy" pronounced "bizzy"?
Where did the expression "to up the ante" come from?
A man's breast vs. a woman's breasts
What is the word for an image hidden inside a painting?
Using 'very' with a noun
A Semi-Independent Chapter (of an organization)
Is "I can't go on, I'll go on" an idiom or not?
Hex, curse, spell, jinx, charm
Words to describe a semi-literate person
What is the verb X if X relates to "prerequisite" as the verb "require" relates to "requirement"?
What is the tense of "I would have been happy to..."?
“To enable him to escape” vs. “to enable him escape”
Fetched later/deferred and gotten now
Heraldry symbols description
Why is "bream" pronounced as "brim"?
Is there a word for "part of a route"?
Which is correct: "full context" or "complete context"?
What is the term for giving an action or phenomenon somebody's name, e.g. "Doing a Lord Lucan"?
Changed upon the blue guitar?
Is this sentence truly a fragment?
Why don't we need "the" in "from lack of sleep"?
What is the difference between 'tell' and 'say'
Number of morphemes in "saw" (As in, I saw the cat)
"As the song says"?
Origin of the phrase, "There's more than one way to skin a cat."
Getting into the Groove
What's the difference between "ludicrous" and "ridiculous"?
Is this acceptable usage when frustrated with a web page: "It won't click"
What is the secular version of the word Chaplain?
"Everything is everything"
Are all officially recognized Scrabble words English?
Meaning of "over at"
What’s the meaning of ‘they don’t make them like that’?
Relationship words for a 'Semantic Network' and also a Sentence Dilemma
Is this phrase "now processing..don't terminate this program" correct?
Word for trade name that has become synonymous with the proper term for an item?
Occupation vs. Job vs. Employment vs. Profession
What is "Got it!" short for?
It's raining today or it's rainy today?
What does ‘Jam down one’s throat” mean?
Usage of 'Dear All'
The meaning of "Even if I should"
"Kernel" vs. "core"
What does "at best" signify in "this slowly becomes annoying at best"?
What is meant by "pun intended"?
Do we compile the source or the binaries?
Meaning of "Almost every kinky kind was being had and enjoyed."
How to understand "You don't get no coffee"?
Is the "How to ... ?" question phrase acceptable?
Precedence of "and" and "or"
Is there a word for two persons dodging each other on the street?
Synonyms and antonyms for "lacking" or "missing" when something is mandatory
Why aren't double quotes always closed?
What’s the history of the pronunciation of Delphi?
What expression ironically says that something new is better or improved?
The phrase "were strong from"
What is a "cross over floor"?
"No spark of constellation, No Vela no Orion"
A or an XML report?
Is the verb phrase "to save face" a calque of an Asian idea?
What is the origin of using the letters 'ZZZ' to symbolize a person sleeping?
What's the point of omitting the "e", as in "sceptered" going to "scepter'd", in English poetry?
Adding "re" prefix
What is a polite way to decline an invitation to hang out with someone?
"Can't" vs. "won't be able to"
What is "petrololine"?
Is "predicable" a noun or an adjective?
Is using passive voice "bad form"?
What is the name of the behavior that makes you believe more in something when it contradicts your beliefs?
"The me of the past"
Where did the words "Baby Back" come from when referring to ribs?
"If" vs "Only if" vs "If and only if"
What does "Five times over!" mean here?
What is a "dead ringer"?
How have British English U and non-U speech changed between the 1950s and now?
What could be an alternative word implying 'to endorse someone'?
What is the word that means to offer to be in a relationship?
What are comparative strong points of online dictionaries and other useful reference sites?
Word for a person who is "in charge"?
Confused with Present Participle + Noun pattern, does the "copied file" refer to the "original file"?
Meaning of "I've been doing this long enough to drink"
What do you call the fact of taking a personality test?
What does 'knee-jerk reaction' mean?
Differences among expression and idiom, as well as colloquial and vernacular
What is the etymology of "giving [it] the old college try"?
Expression "enter [somebody]"
How do I spell the truncation 'Cas', as in 'Sports Casual/Sports Cas'?
Where does "If I can do it, you can do it!" come from?
What is the difference between a "guess" and a "hunch"?
Meaning of "bulging with Pongo's lunch" in the following sentence
"When" vs. "what time"
Can the term "etymology" be applied to a phrase or only individual words?
Word, idiom or expression to describe feeling full (after eating)
Can there be a hyphen in "nonlinear"?
Synonym or short phrase for 'entablature'
"Anachronism" is to "time" as what is to "space"?
"____ and me" versus "____ and I"
Is there an Extended Backus–Naur form (EBNF) that covers all of English?
In "Enter John", is John in the nominative or accusative case?
Correct usage for "bad" v. "poor" adjectives
More accurate terms for one-sided business information?
Is double prime (″) the correct symbol to use for specifying inches?
Is there a feminine equivalent of "emasculate"?
'Left on the gas' meaning
Single word to denote date and time
"At the drop of a hat"?
Meaning of "cut loose and cause havoc" in the following sentence
Meaning of "build-up"
Term for "elderly-sitter"?
What usage and meaning of "else" is this
"One of my friends" vs. "one of my friend"
Syntax in poetry
"He acted strange(ly?)"
Would one call this situation ironic, sarcastic or ...?
"To be elected chairman" vs. "to be elected the chairman"
Is an ampersand formal?
Determining who wrote what parts of a book, e.g, the Bible
Meaning and origin of "if you catch my drift"
Meaning and origin of "dressed like a slob"
Why don't we use the indefinite article in "what hassle"?
What does "ﬂy by the seat of one's pants" mean?
What is the difference between "presentation" and "demonstration"?
"The object that is sent the message is called the target"
How much destruction should be in my mind's eye when I picture a city being "sacked"?
Why names such as Hastings-on-Hudson?
What is the reason or proper usage of "price" and "pricing"?
What does “suck it up and go” mean?
How to pronounce "720p" and "1080p"
What is the origin of the term "screw" in the case of a prison guard?
Antonym of "Gospel Truth"
Difference between "recently" and "lately"
Negative and ironic alternative to "unbelievable."
What does the phrase "take tea" mean?
"than would be"
Why do "prisoner" and "jailer" mean different things?
Relative pronouns, "that" or "who", for type of person
"I love to [verb]" vs "I love [gerund]"
What is the word of Spanish or Portuguese origin starting with "a" and meaning enthusiast?
Meaning of "intriguing" in the following sentence
What is the difference between "utter" and "speak"?
Where does the word "grateful" come from?
Etymology of "shark"
Meaning of "he takes the cross of making his own"
Why is "idea" sometimes pronounced as "idear"?
What is a G2K company?
"Any news for" vs. "any news on" vs. "any news about"
Why do some English speakers pronounce “fête” as “fate”?
What does "it tastes like horspy" mean?
Origin of the term 'country mile'?
Where did the word 'Wheelbarrow' come from?
Footwear: Runners. Sneakers. Trainers
What do you call someone who chooses to stay single for life?
What is the metaphoric meaning of silo?
Is "Tasks for life" correct?
What does the phrase "half seven" mean?
Why is "fastly" not a word?
Which is correct: "home in" or "hone in"?
What is the term for an integer one larger than a given integer?
Is ‘beetle-black eyes’ expressing their owner’s character?
Which is more affirmative: "I think" or "I guess"?
Difference between "chance" and "opportunity"
Is there a maximum number of suffixes that can be added to an English word?
"Melted" vs "molten"
Which of these two sentences is correct ("processes" vs. "process")?
Simple word related to "a group of intellectuals" or "a group of smart learners"
Way to differentiate between at this precise moment, and at the time being?
Comma placement in "developing cutting edge websites and previously video games"
"Sleep in" versus "Sleep out"
When did "kid" start to mean "child"?
Why does one "stand there like a lemon"?
Synonym for 'description'
Word usage 'when you go'
"Leave" vs. "Go"
"Anything" vs. "any thing"
Should I say I "post a post" on a forum?
Where did the phrase "used to" come from?
Why does a good gardener have a green thumb and not a green finger or hand?
Is it correct to say "John helps you talk with people"?
What is the opposite of "avoidance"
Why does a verbose person talk "nineteen to the dozen"?
Genesis of the phrase "life and times"
What is the secondary part of a book/play title called?
How to determine what an attributive clause modifies
expression "caught between a rock and a hard place"
What does "default" mean in financial sense?
"Orienting" or "orientating"?
Distinctions between "Goods" and "Commodities"
How can I differentiate between the pronunciation of "w" and "v"?
The shape of lightning
Is it affected to pronounce the "h" in wh- words such as "what"?
British English equivalent of American English Internship
Which comes first: cat or dog?
What is the reasoning behind the "urban" slang word "tight" coming to mean "cool/great/slick"?
Is there a name for this kind of supplementary text?
What does "should something happen" mean?
What is the difference between "information on", "information of", "information about"
"He is to resist the vulgar prosperity that retrogrades ever to barbarism"
What color does ‘pale thing’ have?
What is the difference between ‘In you come’, ‘Come on in’, and ‘Do come in’?
What is the etymology of "hautboys"?
New verb: "to verbal"
Is 'quiescing' a valid word? What does it mean?
How do you pronounce the word 'vagary'?
What is the difference between "job" and "work"?
What does this mean: To be thus is nothing; But to be safely thus
What is the meaning behind "bloody jerry"
What is correct syntax with 'entail'?
Expression for "a regular bencher" in sports?
Should I use a period at the end of a headline?
What is the error called when two letters are mistakenly swapped?
How would a native British speaker say "Betteredge"?
What is the effect called when one looks at a bright light, and the image "burns" into one's eyes?
When is the construction "I myself" suitable?
Where did the expression "my two cents" come from?
Difference: Meanwhile vs meantime
Why is the 'w' silent in "sword"?
What does the saying "any time now" really mean?
What does "shot" mean in this context?
Is spelling still drifting?
Vuvuzela: what was it called in American English before the 2010 World Cup in South Africa?
A term for adoption of a made up term
Why use BCE/CE instead of BC/AD?
Is spell-checking software becoming a linguistic authority?
Are there meta-plurals beyond "peoples"?
What's the opposite of "enlarge"?
"Baggage" versus "luggage"
How to write dashes in "a 2-4-room-apartment"?
Is there a difference between "innocent" and "not guilty"?
Why is "sherbet" pronounced "sherbert" so much?
Where did the "ue" in "tongue" come from?
How to describe something that is very likely happening immediately?
Whence came the different varieties of the "long i" diphthong?
What is the meaning of "chewing the carpet"?
What is an expression for something you particularly like?
What is the answer to the question "Who came yesterday?" — "I" or "Me"?
How to pronounce terminal "-al"
"Figment" other than in "figment of the imagination"?
Difference between "invest in" and "invest into"
What is the difference between "illicit" and "illegal"?
Better than premium
What does "cavernous room" mean or look like?
Is there a technical term for what creationists call "macroevolution"?
Yoda's sentence structure
What does “22 going on 16” mean?
Differences between "Can you play the guitar?" and "Can you play guitar?"
"What it is that is" versus "what is"
possessive connecting word for inanimate object
What does the expression "Brothers in Arms" mean?
Is there any difference between "admonish" and "warn"?
Etymology of "quick" of a fingernail, as in "cut to the quick"
Should “I” be capitalized or in lower case?
What does "ain't" mean?
What's the meaning of "large hug" in definition of "bearhug"?
Word usage of 'query'
Mid next week, mid week
What is the difference between "meaning" and "definition"?
"Referrer" versus "referral" versus "referer"
"Thanks" or "thank you"?
Is there a rule in preposition-using?
"Properties" versus "settings"
What does "get some life" mean?
What do you want for/of/from/with me?
What is a carpenter if he doesn't carpent?
"A whole nother" way of looking at things
What is a good substitute for "echoey"?
What is the opposite of "abstain"?
Meaning of "What's shaking?"
Australians and SR1
Is “Now I lay me down to sleep” grammatical?
What does "somebody plays things close to the vest" mean?
Where did the name "English" come from?
What's the origin of the saying, "There's no accounting for taste"?
What is a good word for "a group of intellectuals" or "a group of smart learners"?
Adjective for not first but either second, third, fourth, etc
"Is key" or "is the key"?
Subject with multiple verbs
"Broadcast" or "broadcasted"
Why is "victuals" pronounced "vittles"?
Abbreviation of EU and associated punctuation
Where did the word "alphabet" come from?
What is the origin of the word "Latin"?
Where did "There, there" (in consoling) come from?
Antonym of 'to request'
"Dead, and never called me mother!"
Which dialects pronounce "pen" as "pin"?
"Never mind" in American English and British English
What does ‘as little as the next guy’ in “I want to watch a piglet get tortured about as little as the next guy,” mean?
Does the end of this sentence convey what I want it to mean?
Is the expression, “As Casey faced her the jury, America was able to sound off in tweets, texts, Facebook postings” right?
About definite article before "Earth", "Moon" and "Sun"
What is the difference between "citizen" and "denizen"
Why himself and themselves, not hisself and theirselves?
"Give your best" vs. "give of your best"
News - Singular or Plural
What other word can we use in place of "helpless"
Et cetera vs Et al
Meaning of a quote in movie Casino Royale (2006)
Metaword required
Phrasal verb/expression for "bring people together somewhere"
Is there any full form for NEWS?
Why am I "happy as Larry"?
Please explain constructions in the following paragraph
Is there a difference between "continual" and "continuous"?
What Exactly is the Meaning of "Fatal"?
Is "breaths" grammatically correct?
When did the U.S. President become "Mr. X" instead of "President X"?
What is the meaning of "run someone out of town"?
What does "[expletive] it up" mean?
How to write numbers in words
Are there /ɔ/ and /ʌ/ sounds in informal American English?
How to choose verb after "there" in beginning of sentence?
Who coined the term "Cloud Cuckoo Land"?
What does "five O" mean (and why)?
"He all but [did something]"
Colloquial definition of "douchebag"
Etymology of "duck"
Is "the way" synonym of "how"?
Which (if any) is correct: est., estd., or est'd.?
"Or so say scientists in the Royal Society journal Biology Letters."
What is a good term to describe the last of a dying breed?
Why are "sugar" and "sure" pronounced with an SH?
What is the difference between taking courses, classes or lessons?
Is this passage an example of a metaphor, analogy, or both?
Use "to" or not?
What do you call a single "shot" or "explosion" in a firework?
PhD = Piled Higher and Deeper
Is "between A to B" considered good grammar?
"boilinghot" vs "boiling-hot" vs "boiling hot"
Origin of the expression "part and parcel"
When I say "comment out", does it mean to uncomment something or comment it?
What is the past counterpart for "scenario"
What is the difference between a marque and a brand?
What is between dystopian and utopian?
"Heard my mom cry/crying", "leave the door lock/locked"
What do you call a verb which accepts 2 nouns?
What's the opposite of nominal in the astronaut sense?
Exact meaning of "You must be kidding"?
Are "when", "where" and "of" equally valid after "to include the case..."?
Do all words have a part of speech?
Where/when did the *idea* of bad words come from in English?
What word has the greatest morpheme to syllable ratio?
When did the use of acronyms begin?
The expression "hands down."
Verb agreement with subjects of different grammatical number
Names of tools for shaving hair
Is there a double-meaning to "picking my belly button" in this context?
Expression "that's the top and bottom of it"
What would be the word equivalent of paperwork in the digital age?
Origin of 'tada'
Expression "making a bid/break for freedom"?
Extra pages for a magazine
Having a laptop connected to the electrical socket
Need samples of different "English" styles
"Pongo absolutely-ed heartily."
"Grizzly status"
What is the origin of the phrase "stand on your head and spit wooden nickels?"
Is Jutland so-called because the region it describes 'juts out' into the ocean?
"Unarm" vs. "disarm"
Which is the correct construct?
"Elaborate" as a transitive verb?
Is there a generic word in English that means "through time"?
Is there a term for words that when reversed, form other words?
"flat" vs. "apartment"
What are the origins of: to “bleed something”?
Connotations of "pertinacity"
What do you call a number that is a power of 2?
Why is 'to' not used before 'home'?
Why can something be "touch and go"?
Why do people who find it hard to hear say they are "hard of hearing"?
What phrase is "you betcha" a descendant of?
"Write out a prescription" vs. "make out a prescription"
Does "will" and other auxiliary verbs spread on all the sentence?
"Lots of milk and sugar" or "lots of milk and (lots) of sugar"
What's the most accurate term for phrases such as "storm in a teacup" and "making mountains out of molehills"?
Correct placing and usage of "yet"
In this sentence "Me and you" or "You and I " is correct?
What is a 'snake-oil program'?
Is there a term for the part of a sentence that is in the form "Customers who ..." or "Products that ..."?
Is there a more eloquent word for a zigzag?
To "have someone's number"
What is the proper/formal names for these rooms?
Term for people not in any way involved in a crime/incident
Ripe with Opportunity? Or Rife?
Can 'one' replace an antecedent?
How could I express the idea that one person is learning the habits of other person?
"They don't use either of them" versus "They don't use any of them"?
Mow the lawn, cut the grass, mow the yard, cut the yard ...what is correct?
Difference between "On your mark, get set, go" and "Ready, steady, go"
"I like living by ocean" , "I like living by the ocean" or "I like living by the sea"?
"Are you happier?"
"Living in the South" or "Living in the south"?
What does the "that little bubble of accidental arrogance" meaning?
"Pricey" vs. "Pricy"
Etymology of million vs. millennium
Past tense of RSVP
A MPR vs AN MPR
Is the word "single" necessary to be added when specifying a thing?
"By the way" in formal writing
"Why isn't this line formatted correctly, but formatting work(s) here on Meta?"
What does “you and the rest of the world” mean?
What does “a slightly overblown cartoon figure” mean?
"I'll see you" is the same as "I'll miss you"?
Contrapositive and Contranegative
Is "Forgive my being late" grammatical?
"I would have never said" vs. "I would never say"
Where did the expression "every last one" come from?
Which is standard: "log on/off" or "log in/out"?
Recur vs. Reoccur
What's the reason for calling cheap seats at the theatre nosebleed seats?
“John Doe”, “Jane Doe” - Why are they used many times?
Expression for "cold headhunting"
How to write "only for female" on jeans tag
Which is more correct "fewer than hundred people" or "less than hundred people"?
"Analysis" vs. "analyses"
"Referenced in" or "referenced from"?
The usage of "being" in passive voice
Pioneers Often Die with Arrows in their Backs
Rule to determine when to use the prefix "im" vs. "un" to negate a word starting with "p"?
the usage of "otherwise"
Meaning of 'no earlier than X days after Y'
What is a word/idiom for 'unable to decide'?
What does "You have successfully split a hair that did not need to be split" mean?
You are in Jonathan’s circles: "too" or "as well" or "also"?
What does "Eat our peas" mean - where does it come from?
Why is it "how come" and not "why come"?
What is the agent of a trial called?
Words that change meaning when the first letter is capitalized
thrice, twice, once, *zeroce?
Is "Them’s fighting words" a right and received English expression?
Why do people say "break a leg" to actors?
Term for words with identical spelling but different meaning and different pronunciation
What do you call words that are misspelled to add effect?
What's the name for people with black hair?
"[name] was here" (or concept)
What's the difference between - and -- in a phrase?
Difference between "are you done" and "have you done."
Is it possible to abstain from blame?
Has "dilemma" ever been restricted to two options?
Meaning and etymology of the “ite” and “ine/ene” endings of mineral names
What does the "north of the northbridge" mean?
Pronunciation of the letter 'W'
Why is the unit of measure placed before the value for currencies? Are there other measures where the unit precedes value?
Does this word qualify as a word - "evermore-so"?
What's the connection between "Holy Grail" and "Killer Rabbit"?
Origin of pluralisation of verbs and nouns in English
Etymology of "punk"?
"Picking up your litter puts road-workers at risk" — is this strangely-worded road sign grammatically correct?
What is the difference between summarizes and summarises?
Difference between "knowledge" and "know-how"
Is "if any problem, please call me" grammatical?
What does the phrase "ungodly hour" really mean?
What is the meaning associated to a baseball and a screw?
Should Philip have P. or Ph. as an initial?
An adjective for "able to see the big picture"
Is it OK to add a question mark to show inflection?
What is the meaning of the suffix “‑don”?
 “based in” vs “based out of ”
What determines whether a sporting event is a game, match, contest, or something else?
"Transitioning" vs. "transitional" phase
When describing a person without siblings, should I say "the -" or "an only child"?
Are W and Y vowels?
Why a dash in this example?
Is it OK to use a forward slash '/' between words other than the obvious 'and/or'?
What's the origin of the term "call" in card games?
Is there an antonym for 'nonplussed'?
Looking for the way to read a sentence containing a conjunction and a plural
"Employment with" vs. "employment at"
"my friend" vs "a friend of mine"
Is it acceptable to say something is "apropros" of a person?
"Company-assigned" or "company assigned"
Alternative to Indirect Questions
What is the origin of the term "back to back", meaning to follow one after the other?
What's the inverse of "scalable" — capable to be broken down further and further?
"one perspective or point of view"?
"Listen to them not"
If someone is an expert in written (rather than spoken) language, can they still be called a "linguist"?
Past tense vs Past participle tense
"On the grasping hand"?
"Thousands of thousands" vs. "Thousands upon thousands"
Volitional sentence vs. imperative sentence
What is the radical difference between ‘this’ and ‘a’ when telling a story?
Why do we say that a plane is "en route"?
Comma Splice? "I'm curious, what is the time?"
US news articles missing out "on" when referring to a day
Expression "counterprogramming" also for social events?
Is "girls" a suitable complementary term to go along with "guys"?
Is there a term I can use for a boss's favorite employee?
What does ‘“I don’t know if there’s a cloud name for where I am right now,” mean?
Equivalent of "Man up" for a female
What does "Every once in a while, however, you’ll find yourself crafting " mean?
Is there a word for "umming"?
Using verbs with multiple meanings
How did antonyms "ungodly" and "unearthly" come to have the same meaning and usage today?
"Uncapable" or "incapable"?
Is there a word "lazies"?
Why are reveries sometimes called "brown" studies?
What are the connotations of "the father of the house"?
'Depend upon' or 'depend on'
"If I would go there, I would be in trouble" - correct?
What is the word for writing prose under self-imposed restrictions
Origin of "quarters" in the sense of living area
"Late to the party" vs. "late for the party"
Does the term "Asian" have different meanings among various English-speaking countries?
"can't see neither A nor B" or "can see neither A nor B"
Plural of  "presence"
Is there a term for a noun that is the "-er" form of a verb?
Which is correct: "I am drinking ice cream" or "I am eating ice cream"?
What does "if you were already set for life" mean?
In British English, should it be "licensee" or "licencee"?
"Is there" versus "Are there"
Why is it true that "I before E, except after C"?
"Injure" vs. "damage"
What is the meaning of the terms: brown meat, black meat, white meat and red meat?
Interpretation of "Are you engaged?"
What is the word for attending a party without being invited?
etc. with postpositioned brackets at the end of a sentence
Which one is more British: "car hire" or "rent a car"?
Is "gaijin" considered offensive?
Correct English: "An L.V." or "a L.V."?
Is "many fewer combinations" correct?
Is it correct to say "The reason is because ..."?
Why is it "sheet music" and not "musical sheet"?
What word should I use for something that fails intermittently?
Usage of 'content'
"Clean as a whistle" — why is a whistle considered appropriate for describing cleanliness?
What does it mean to "draw a line under something"?
Where do we get the word "peanut"?
How do I explain “The man on the Clapham omnibus” to the man on the Clapham omnibus?
What is a word for "experts' self-serving practice"?
Who vs. Whom for: "...Satan, who/whom everyone imagines with horns."
Question regarding "does"/"do"
Is it "front-end", "frontend", or "front end"?
What are the origins of using "bee" to mean a competition, as in a "spelling bee"?
Is "aren't I" correct grammar?
Correct use of "mooted"
How would one use the term "heavy sugar," and how did it originate?
Is there another way to say 'secret handshake'?
What Exactly is Meant by "X Puts Y to Shame?"
"Background" or "basics" for the chapter title in my thesis
Etymology and meaning of "When does the narwhal bacon?"
Words to mean one taking only part of the other's words?
What does "heavy" mean in this sentence?
“Curriculum Vitae” vs “Curriculum Vitæ”
Where did the words "white-collar" and "blue-collar" come from?
Is it "deep-sky object" or "deep sky object"?
In the English language, should the "d" be capitalized when writing "American Dollar"?
What does "subset" mean as a verb?
Abbreviation for "so-called"
Why is it "grandfather", but "great-uncle"?
Is there any difference in meaning between "She is not around" and "She is not here"?
"Application for Android" versus "application on Android"
Where did this usage of "something" originate: "I need a nap something terrible"?
Antonym of "dispenser"
"Interchange" and "exchange"
Why is the initial "ts" sound (e.g "tsunami") pronounced as "s"?
Hyphenating "Evolution"
Are there other words with the same weird spelling / pronunciation combo as "victual"?
Looking for a better term than 'benign envy' or 'mudita'
Are older senses of "anent" still alive in any dialect?
Doubly hyphenated words
Punctuation for title and caption
What does ‘make a buck off’ mean?
How can I answer the question "What is the word, bird?"
Is ‘toss a bone to somebody’ a popular English idiom?
"I'm my own grandpa" – is there a word for this?
Do Americans understand Donald Duck?
Clarification in sentence usage
What does "when you’re talking to the cool kids around the water cooler" mean?
What does "pneumatic" mean when applied to a person?
What does the phrase "the fine point" mean?
'Preternatural' vs 'supernatural'
Is "I'm dead serious" formal?
"I can only hope to X"
Does the phrase "The hills have eyes" predate the movie?
Word similar to "farewell" but with negative connotation
British English: "fantasise" or "fantasize"?
Are the expressions “career day" and "career-high five runs" particular to sports?
A word that means harmful to touch?
How should I quote a book's name?
Print vs type. What is the difference exactly?
What does the phrase that 'I've all but..' mean in this sentence?
“Practise the piano” vs. “practise medicine”
Using "staffs" to refer to people
What does the phrase 'make the girls tick' mean?
Use of definite article before phrases like Heathrow Airport, Hyde Park, Waterloo Station, Edgware Road and Parliament Square
What is the meaning of this complex sentence?
"Use" vs. "usage"
How can I form a question for "It recurs every n days"?
How to pronounce "nₒ" properly
Word or phrase for the state in the morning after drunkenness
Did "Old Mother Hubbard" ever rhyme?
To clarify a murky concept without explaining completely
Origin of the term 'bastard sword'
Is it 'buy-in to', 'buy into', or 'buy in to' in the following sentence
English expression for "ascribing negative intentions to someone"
Is there a word for animals that have two arms?
"Simpler" or "More Simple"
Is there a substantial difference between what someone would call a "quotation" or "quote" versus a "saying"?
Alternatives to "High Level" and "Low Level" in computing
What does "in the saddle" mean?
What is the antonym of "installation"?
Explanation of "must needs"
What is the origin of the phrase "cut and dried"?
What does “exercise their desire out of them” mean?
Is there any difference between ‘it’ and ‘so’ as a complement of ‘she looks’?
Phrase that means "untranslated, in its original language"
Term for minimum or maximum
"Styles" for Mr/Dr/Hon
Usage of phrase "revert back"
Can 'repeat' be an adjective?
Etymology of 'wipe the floor with'?
The friend who travels with you
What is an alternative word to "journey" for a shorter travelling time?
How does "very much" fit in with "thank you very much"?
Use of "respectively"
Aren't the double verbs "to be" in "..., which is what the X is about" redundant?
Looking for an adjective describing a system with small number of assumptions (or rules)
'Between the lines' or 'read between the lines'
Collective agreement: "their risks" or "their risk"
What's a generic noun for referring to the bulk material of pure chemical elements?
What is the origin of "the lay of the land?"
What exactly is meant by "This is not to say it's not a bad system"?
What is the meaning of “If you can't sleep, don't count sheep. Talk to the shepherd.”?
Why does someone "pull my leg"?
Word for someone that owns a media house
How is a word coined?
How can I describe a "one or more" condition (one that has many options; a "non-boolean")?
"You're not the boss of me" vs "You're not my boss"
London dialect usage
What is the correct way to express the ordinal form of a large number?
When is the correct time to use 'granter' or 'grantor'
Is "as [adjective] as [can/could] be" grammatical?
Breaking down "Of his honour and his glory, the people would sing" into subject, verb, predicate
What does "canonical" mean?
Is there a difference between "select of your own choosing [something]" and "select [something] of your own choosing"?
What is the meaning of "don't mention it" (in response to "thank you")?
What is the meaning of a parenthetic ‘that one’ in a sentence?
Does ‘long-molared’ have any special meaning?
Origin and use of  "in and among itself"
"Open" vs. "open up"
"We care for our Nature" or "We care for Nature"?
"Cover off" meaning "cover"
Difference between lexicon and dictionary
What does "to trap in amber" mean and where does it come from?
"Whole day" or "all day"?
Shorebased, Shore-based or Shore Based?
"Such is life, and every day is getting sucher and sucher"
What does "creeping on one's turf" mean?
What is the technical term for the area within a fort?
"The crying baby gets the milk"
How should one say times aloud in 24-hour notation?
How should I understand "There is no way around the fact that ..."?
What is the proper name of a "line account"?
Where did the word "umpteenth" come from?
Why does the verb "overlook" have such a different meaning from "oversee"?
Where did "snuck" come from?
"Extract" v. "Extricate"
"Nine out of 10"
Using Multiple Sics in One Quote
What do you call an object that goes in a "slot"?
Unusual verb form: "While the parcels were bringing down and displaying"
Can "Sure" be used to respond to "Thanks"?
Comma placement: "Hi, my name is Joe and I work in a button factory."
Isn’t “Take hits” a well-received English phrase?
Is there a word for accidentally stealing something?
What is the meaning of 'an expression of such smugness that Harry thought it ought to be fined'?
What does 'a beautifully-proportioned room' mean?
Where does the term "make sure" come from?
Can “along with” be used to mean “as a consequence of”?
"Badger someone"
Morphological or syntactic conversion?
"With an (instrument)" and "by (instrument)"
What is meant by "don't piss on my boots and tell me it's raining"?
Where exactly did the phrase "hell on legs" come from?
The history of "softcore"
What's the meaning of "bootstrap"?
Opposite of a deposit refund
Gender neutral reflexive pronoun — equivalent to "himself" and "herself"
What was "well met!" supposed to mean?
What is the possessive form of "y'all"?
Why "horseback riding" and not simply "horse riding"?
Non-offensive substitute for a swear word
What is the meaning of "Set us up the [noun]"?
Difference between "when" and "if" in a sentence
Commas after Conjunctions
What's another way of saying "supposed to graduate in 2013"?
How do I represent the "-ed" in "witnessed" phonetically?
"Verse" or "Verses"?
Usage of a comma in a dedication
Origin of the word "duh"
"Should" vs "have to"
Meaning of "more wood behind fewer arrows"?
"Dark of the Moon"
What’s the role of ‘because’ in this conversation?
Why and since when does William = Bill and Richard = Dick?
What is the difference between "risk" and "uncertainty"?
Use of ‘or’ when it means ‘and’ in negatives
What does “rising senior” mean and what countries use it?
Is there a better way to write 'pre processing and post processing'?
What would a generic term be for a puck or ball in a sport?
"I need it to lift 2 tons this time." "I don't know if it *could* do." Why do some people use "do" like this?
Why is "dingbat" used to refer to characters like "☺"?
"State-of-the-art" and "technology"
"Important that John bring/brings"
Why typography? Why not fontography?
What determines whether a numerical prefix is allowable for a unit?
How to express that one is making the conversation long for fun
The phrase "iron out bugs"
Difference between phrase, idiom and expression
Is the difference in "sake" in English and Japanese a form of semantic change?
Is 'set phrase' a set phrase?
"A lot of ideas" is or are?
Why and when did "crack" come to mean "tell"?
Is the infinitive form of the verb appropriate in this sentence?
"Known unknown" vs. "unknown known"
Is there a word for a verb which requires an adverb or prep. phrase in order to make sense?
Is the phrase "all to c**k" considered profane?
How to form the possessive case of indefinite pronouns?
"Result in" or "result to"
Letters after a number, such as 1st
Why do you survive 'by the skin of your teeth'?
What is the proper name for "AM" and "PM"?
Word to describe this specific kind of irrational reasoning
"Why didn't (or did not) somebody do something?" or "Why did somebody not do something?"
Alternative phrase/term for 'middle men'
"Principal" or "principle"
How should I understand this sentence?
Which article would be correct in this instance?
What does the grave accent mark on words mean?
What does "kind of sums things up” mean?
What's the difference between programmer and developer?
What's the difference between "swollen" and "inflamed"?
Difference between "yup" and "yes"
How should I understand "archaeocyte" in this sentence?
Why is there no plural indefinite article?
"There is/are more than one". What's the difference?
Does "manicure" only apply to caring for hands?
What is the opposite of “Could you talk a little louder”?
Word to describe short bursts of running?
What does this mean: "Avoid oral calcium, dairy products, shark cartilage & exercise during the medication."
"There is no doubt this is arguably wrong"
Etymology for "cacamayme"
What do you call it when A cannot alter B above A?
Past tense of 'to output': output or outputted?
Older pronunciations of the "-ity" suffix
"Flowers" card suit?
A word for clothes, shoes, accessories?
"Multiple different" or "different" or "multiple"
"Alternately" or "alternatively"
Change of meaning by changing  "of" to "in"
Linguistics term for word choice
"Scampi" in American English?
"Illiberal" is not "not liberal"
A single word for "to paint and/or draw"?
Is the use of ‘in’ and ‘under’ in the phrase in ‘one’s dizzying journey in under a year’ redundant?
"Approach to" or "approach for"
What is the connotation of the word 'O'?
Is "Most of it's in English" normal English?
What does ‘Train-wreck style’ mean?
How did Shakespeare pronounce "hautboys"?
Is there any difference between ‘wondering whether that hadn’t been Cedric’s plan’ and ‘wondering whether that had been Cedric’s plan’?
Is "he runs like a cheetah" a kind of metaphor?
"Seek" vs."search"
Difference between "partly" and "partially"
What does "If only the same could be said for every aspect of JavaScript!" mean?
What does "Kooing" mean?
What is the modern day equivalent of a "dandy?"
What does "God is subtle, but He is not malicious" mean?
What's the origin of the word "sprite"?
It's a nice vista!
What is the word to describe that something is overly hyped?
Where is the wordplay of "A chicken crossing the road is poultry in motion"
"This thing will hang me up if I live to be."
Autodidactic as a Verb
Is this correct: "I'd have to have had..."
Where did the phrase "diddly-squat" come from?
Should I capitalize the "G" in "God Particle" when referring to the Higgs Boson particle?
Differences between "world-view" and "ideology"
Usage of "contributive" vs. "contributory"
A word that means "un-waning''
Correctly using a semicolon?
What is a word for the relationship between "waning" and "non-waning"?
Why is 'that' sometimes optional before dependent clauses?
History of "X is dead. Long live X"
What do you call someone who makes a request?
What does "of a kind" mean?
What is the shortest commonly-used word or expression that describes both the delivery of services and of goods?
Is "We have the power, so can you" (from She-Ra) grammatical?
Etymology of "minniebush"?
"A friend of his" type expression for abstract entities
Clause following 'as same as'
Why is there a "one" before "hundred", "thousand", etc. but not "ten"?
Does one apply "to university" or "to a university"?
What is the word for the joy felt when a favour offered is subsequently not needed?
What construction does ‘A wise man is never less alone than when alone’ have?
Is there any situation where I should use ‘Thank you’ instead of ‘Thanks’?
Should I use "with" or "and"?
Jones's or Jones'?
An apple a day keeps the doctor away
Can a person's name be used to represent a group of people?
What is this phenomenon called, "I had a dream that I was having a dream"?
Is it ok to say “Your barracks is finished”?
How to label a digit according to its position in a number
What does "devil a bit" mean?
Expression "shockingly enough"
What word means the opposite of "preamble"?
Why is the right jack in cribbage also called "his Knobs"?
When to use "that"
Alternative idioms to "to put the whole matter into a nutshell"?
What is the origin and meaning of the phrase “bane of my existence”?
What is the meaning of "I got you"?
"Text" vs "literature" to refer to technical writings?
Why do they call it a "movement" in music? Is this a metaphor?
"Consequently" versus "consequentially"
Is 'verbiage' still considered to be insulting?
What does ‘One’ in “Detectives slapped handcuffs on her. “You know you did it,” she said one later shouted at her. “Just admit it.” mean?
"Moving house" vs "moving houses"
"Undertake" and "overtake"
"A guy whose job is to" vs "a guy whose job it is to"?
What does ‘peer around something’ mean?
“She’s got a ticket to ride, but she don’t care” — why?
Can the word "special" have a negative connotation?
Do 'whether' and 'either' go together?
In non-spatial contexts, when should I use "this" versus "that"?
Can the present perfect continuous construct be used in passive voice?
"Warranty" vs. "guarantee"
What does "Eleventy-seven" mean?
Is there an English word for "the cover of a group's photo" on which we can usually write names?
When is it appropriate to end a question without a question mark?
What's the difference between "jelly" and "jam"?
Comma usage for multiple words
Should a period be placed within quotation marks if it would conflict with a punctuated item that should be used or typed verbatim?
"Hand over hand" and "hand over fist"
"And" or "with" when comparing
"Autumn" vs. "fall" — geographical distribution of usage?
Is there a difference between "elfish" and "elvish"?
Why is the word 'bologna' pronounced like 'baloney'?
Is this proper English?
Does "commute to" refer to both there and back from work?
Unsure whether to use "enquire" or "inquire"
Single Word for "Clip-Clopping" Sound
"Normalization" vs. "canonicalization"
What does "Pinkest of papers" mean?
What’s the usage of apostrophes in " ‘Bye, ‘bye "?
Where can I find a relatively inclusive word-list for analysis of prefixes and suffixes?
Is the term "city boy" a commonly used appellation for London bankers? Does it only apply to them, or is it colloquial for other London denizens?
Is the phrase "getting on" commonly used in British English? What register would its use be in?
What is "generation X" and "generation Y"?
Is "smash together" a good phrase for
Encompass a wrist or is there an alternative?
What does "proverbial man with a hammer" mean in this context?
What does it mean to ‘stay true to type in a spat’?
Is "in an utter attempt" correct?
What is the origin of the expression "brassed off"?
"Is it in slang?" versus "is it slang?"
What does ")))" mean at the end of a sentence?
Is "what happened is" correct?
What style should I use in e-mail salutations to superiors, colleagues, or juniors?
"Adaption" vs "adaptation"
"Ineffectual" vs "ineffective"
"Reschedule to" or "reschedule for"?
What is the meaning and etymology of 'scut' from 'scut work'?
What is an expression, phrase, or word that describes service being fast?
Is this correct usage of the word "spoil"?
How much can we trust text-to-speech pronunciation of names?
Word for "requires a crew"
What does "zingo" mean?
"Recommend you to" vs. "recommend that you"
Differences between "different", "divergent", "disparate" and "distinct"
Quotation Marks and Symbols
"Without further adieu" vs "Without further ado"
Origin and status of "hosed", meaning "broken"
How do I refer to Congress?
How "macro" in computer programming came about
What’s the meaning of “I don’t care…” as a reply to a poor joke?
What is a "jigger of Asperger's"?
What kind of sound is a chirruping noise?
Does ‘magnificent head’ sometimes mean ‘magnificent hair’?
What is a word for "available time"?
Is "a lot of" used generally in English, or is it colloquial?
If annual means one year, is there any word for two,three, four.. year
What does ‘shoe–leather journalism’ mean?
If a person depends upon you, what are you for him?
What is the "sports" in "sports car"?
What does "waxed rhapsodic" mean?
Why is "margarine" pronounced with a soft "g"?
What does "plenty of bite to them" mean in this context?
Apostrophe vs. Single Quote
Can "daisy chain" be a verb?
What does 'cut each other off' mean?
Why does "fishwife" mean "mean woman"?
What might "knock me over with a feather" mean?
What is meant by "a carriage that returns"?
In what sense do we use "carry a torch for"?
What is the warning that you're almost done called?
How many syllables are there in the word "fire"?
What is the opposite of the verb "animate"?
Use of the term Hans in an American name in the 1700's
Origin of "despicable"
Infinitives with "ought not"
Is it normal in English to talk about oneself in the third person in these cases?
Should I say "in my tests" or "on my tests"?
Attributes of a TIME: Compared With/ Compared to
Word for suggesting solutions to a problem solely to demonstrate contempt for the expected problem-solver
Is "lay" in this sentence in the correct tense?
Is it all right to say "all men have one head"?
His brother "hooked" him up with this bachelor party
When a patient goes to the doctor and does not have a health insurance plan, how is this appointment classified?
Is it true that yeast was once called "Godisgoode"?
What's wrong with 'caught no mice'?
Which is more appropriate — "I work for" or "I work at"?
Good example of "hubris"
Does "anything man" exist?
Difference between "lore" and "folklore"
"If he is polite, then he gets the job", or "if he be polite, then he gets the job"?
Is "chubby" offensive?
What is the difference between "urgent" and "critical"?
What is a "BEA bag"?
What is the correct word for Step siblings?
Why is "great" pronounced as "grate", but spelled with "ea"?
A person who travels from place to place without good reason
Is ‘eclectic bunch’ trendy instead of simply saying ‘a group of different types of constituents'?
Origins of the phrase “You don't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows”?
Difference between ritual, festival, and ceremony
What does ‘fiscal spit and glue’ mean?
What is the difference between "vouch" and "guarantee"?
Using "you know" when the listener can't be expected to know.
The right phrase for 'more than more'
What is this kind of literature called?
How do you pronounce "is there" in fast speech?
Definition and meanings of "shall not"
How to join the conclusion to the sentence?
Meaning of "f*ck" in the following conversation
Dialog with an ok and cancel button
"Solution for" vs. "solution to"
"Leave open the possibility of a stretch-mark fetishist"
"beef cacky" and "cheese cacky" as physical descriptions
Do listeners understand different adjective orders?
What does "The power to be strong" mean, and is it valid English?
What is the oldest common English word?
What was the first English acronym?
Is there a generic name for public transport interchanges?
Why does Britain use "Way Out" rather than "Exit"?
What's the opposite of "dogmatic"?
What is the difference between syntax and semantics?
Why do we do things 'to the tune of' an amount of money?
What is the origin of the term "hit point"?
"You and I combined" versus "you and me combined"
Should I use "make" or "makes" in the following statement?
Is ‘toasty-roasted’ well-received English?
Phrases similar to "what would you do?"
"An" versus "a" before a bracketed word that starts with a vowel followed by a non-bracketed word that doesn't start with a vowel
Meaning of "I think"
Why does "sucker" mean "unexpected" in "Sucker Punch"?
Word for breaking the fast on Ramadan days
"I and others" or "me and others"
Repeat the preposition in an "or" phrase, or not?
Is it correct to say "to make her acknowledge"?
What does "bordered on narcoleptic" mean?
"These will be, should be"
Please explain this sentence (a precept, really)
What do you call someone who works on requests?
Is this a correct usage of "wait on"?
Is "senility" pejorative?
"Article on" vs "article about"
"Compound nouns list" or "compound noun list"?
Meaning of "no two"
"Though" vs. "although"
"All rooms" versus "all the rooms"
Origin of "waited on hand and foot"
Should "A-Player" Be Hyphenated?
Where does the phrase "possession is ( nine points | nine-tenths ) of the law" come from?
Is "the" required in "Welcome to [the] premier issue of"?
Enumerations and conjunctions "and" and "or"
Word to describe pushing a chair under a table
Ways to say 'try very hard'
Does "'tis" means "this is" or "it is"?
What is the upper bound on "several"?
Why is "plaid" pronounced "plad"?
"Dissociate" vs "disassociate"
"Next Friday" vs. "This Friday"
Use of "massively" in this specific sentence
Why does ‘you’re on’ mean ‘I agree’?
"Let's play with each other" vs. "Let's play together"
How to express a chronological dependency?
Weird wording in our FAQ
Word for software less harmful than malware
Why is 'more than one' considered singular?
Word for "one who configures"
"Done soon" vs. "soon done"
Word for someone who is healthy
Is the word "representativity" possible?
Pencil you in on/for Sunday evening?
"Eat" is to "feed" as "drink" is to what?
What do you call a slip of the tongue in writing?
"I'm starving" vs. "I'm starved"
Is "how come" slang?
(k+1)th or (k+1)st?
What does "fly against" mean?
Past tense of "must" when meaning logical probability
"At this time" vs "At that time"
Is there a term for a word coined to fit the rhyme/rhythm in a poem?
Using the contraction of "are"
How can you make "to be" explicit and simple in this future conditional sentence?
What is a "mind-share leader"?
What is the past tense of this phrasal verb (double down)?
What does "but" imply in this sentence?
What is a "snake metaphor"?
"open mike" vs. "open mic"
What should a reply to "What's up?" be?
"Simple is best" vs "Simple is the best"
What's the difference between "I want" and "I am wanting"?
"for the sake of" | synonyms
What is the meaning of ‘something blind’?
What does "to be in pieces" means?
What is the name for the process which turned "iced cream" into "ice cream"?
Multiple stone throws
The boy who lived... come to die? (Harry Potter)
Alternative for brave/stoical
Why do "catsup" and "ketchup" coexist?
What does it mean to be "worth someone's keep"?
How to comprehend the phrase "put them in affluent group of people"
What is a toit?
When to use split and split up
User’s Guide vs Users’ Guide
A word similar to lofty
I will or I would have left by this time tomorrow?
Why does using a word/phrase/acronym exessively cause the syllables to become more relaxed?
Is there a word for referring to yourself in the third person?
Two consecutive "that", "that that"
Why do we use a leading dollar sign?
Why do some people say "the reason is is that," with "is" twice in a row?
Etymology and meaning of "discretionary"
Is there any syntactic technicality preventing double contractions from ever becoming valid?
Is ‘Bash-a-thon’ a received English phrase or just a combination of words?
Why is "gauge" spelled with a 'u'?
Why do "able" and "haste" have long a's?
Alternative for "pedantic"
Use of "mental" and "spiritual" as adjectives
What does the phrase 'off of' mean in the following sentence?
"Feel it in my bones"
How to use fully qualified acronyms
Usage of "for" in this passage
Meaning of "I'm so excited I could crush a grape"
Is litotes merely negation or more?
What’s the meaning of ‘we will emerge’?
Does ‘dislodge’ mean removing accidentally or intentionally?
Other ways to say "I'm rooting for you?"
Why did "sceptical" become "skeptical" in the US?
"Drinking water" or "drunk water"
"Intent" vs. "intention"
"Difference to" or "difference with" or "difference from"
Voice mail text: "Please leave a message after the..."
The curious etymology of "pie"
Is there a short phrase that expresses sincere thankfulness to someone who takes time to help me?
Correct preposition for "competence"
How to write a message if I need a new job (searching/looking, contact me/turn on me)
Why doesn't "ninth" have an "e", like "ninety"?
Difference between "the same....as" and "the same ......that"
Comma splices and fragments in novels
Why do we use the suffix “‑gate” when referring to a scandal?
Etymology of seemingly weird collective nouns
Can I say "speakers were amplifying their laughter"?
How do I combine verbs?
Is it ever appropriate to use a space before and after an ampersand?
Using a question mark mid-sentence
Why is it "This is he" rather than "This is him"?
When writing instructions, is it OK to leave "and" out of a quick chain of commands?
What might "three several" mean?
"Got it at" or "Got it in?"
Is there a word or term other than ‘exemplar’ for the educational cards used to teach English?
What is a word that means "to railroad the conversation"?
Is the word "Einstein" a verb?
What is the meaning of "upon" here?
"Numerical Mathematics"
Is the question "What is your body figure" grammatically correct?
Word for "a sudden death" 
What does "This being...." mean here?
Origin and evolution of "hapless"
Quoting a question at the end of a sentence which is itself a question
What does "möbius" (moebius) mean?
"How does he does/do that?"
What does "life plays tricks on him" mean?
"Wear Uniform Clothes"
Meaning of "... so much of what ..."
Why are there 3 different ways to pronounce "oo"?
Meaning of sentence with double negation
What does "proverbial" mean?
"On the last week" or "In the last week"?
What is the meaning and etymology of "ruthless?"
Correct usage of replacing cuss words with symbols
Does this situation have a name?
What part of speech is “there” when used in “There is (blah blah)”?
Etymology of sh*tfaced?
If we say "Socrates", "Hippocrates", etc, why don't we say "Aristoteles"? Why "Aristotle"?
Shouldn't have vs. Shouldn't of
Oh, Say Can You See?
What's the difference between the various dialects of English?
A word like "hundreds" but for multiples of 10
What is the origin of "right as rain"?
Past participle equivalent of "absurd"
"Orthotopic" or "orthotopal"
"No more", "no longer", "not anymore"
"Win the lottery", "win a lottery", "win lottery"
What is the meaning of the subclause of 'goes off the deep end'?
Difference between "to fear" and "to be afraid of"
What is the word for using one part of speech where another would be more grammatical?
Meaning of "we leave at eight thirty for nine"
Term for measuring in fractions of 1
Confusion about meaning of sentences in Economist
Word for company that takes bets on illegal events or helps you bet
"cold cash" vs. "hard cash"
Which kind of problems are described as "That's no rocket science"?
"unless stated otherwise" or "unless otherwise stated"?
Is there a single word meaning "very funny book"?
In a software meant to be used internationally, should I use "post code", "postal code" or "zip code"?
Is “Hold rule near and dear” an established English idiom?
Definition of "scolt"
What is the meaning and structure of the following sentence?
What does "very approximate" mean?
Is the term "antagonym" widely used to describe a word that is its own antonym?
Root + "-ophone" construction to describe speakers of a language
A sensible mnemonic for "pseudo"
What is the difference between "an essay on something" and "an essay in something"?
"Know" and "know not"
What is the word/phrase for someone between expert and novice?
What is the meaning of the phrase 'Here be dragons'?
Understanding "that" as in this statement
Meaning of "sharp"
Meaning of "around"
Difference between "memoir" and "biography"
Use of definite article in "the more" and "the less"
"Scholar" vs. "scientist"
Reason for the strange meaning of "for any length of time"?
What does this sentence mean - "He was a capitalist who appropriated the rhetoric of the commune where he had lived"
Are there any definitive sources for English word forms?
Is there a fully defined way to pluralize/unpluralize words in English?
What does "bad-ass wives" exactly mean? Why did "bad-ass" come to mean "tough and aggressive"?
Does this act have a name?
Origin of the idiom "falling off the wagon"
How to express that you can understand the English that someone spoke?
Don't understand the phrase: "each one"
Word meaning "two paragraphs previous"
Indenting Lettrines or Drop Caps
If I change the part containing "conceivably", does this sentence still have the same meaning?
When using complete sentences in parenthetical e.g. or i.e. situations, should the first word be capitalized?
Examples of Ancient Brythonic words in modern English?
Difference between "movie", "film" and "motion picture"
'Have both' -not sure I'm using this correctly
"Toilet", "lavatory" or "loo" for polite society
Antonym of "distributed" as in "distributed system"
What is the etymology of the word "snooker"
What is a word for "known incorrectly"?
"Fine with/by/to you/that"
If I help "evacuate" a building, what am I doing to the people?
Meaning of "catch you on the flip side"
When using complete sentences in parenthetical e.g. or i.e. situations, should the first word be capitalized?
Origin of "son of a gun"
Difference between "in progress" and "in process"
Why do clothing tags say LGG for large?
Origin of "they", "them", and "their"
History of "have a good one"
What does "information porn" mean?
Rules for nominalizing a verb
Meaning of "one order of magnitude improvement"
The activity of being a roadie
Police in general as "feds"
Meaning of "sweaty pastries"
Meaning of "mints"
Opposite of "prediction"
What's the meaning of 'haler'? [correction: hailer]
Placement of question mark when terminal quote has no question mark but sentence does
Question mark(s) when asking about a quoted query
Pronouncing "A": "ai" vs. "ah"
A word or phrase for something that seems modern but comes surprisingly from the past?
"I had a dinner" vs. "I was having a dinner"
”See/wonder if +(a negative)” vs. “See/wonder if + (a positive)”
Origin and usage of "for choice"
"One of those is flags"
What is the meaning of "she can be obtuse"?
Something about the name of "Designer Baby" not quite right to me
Third person equivalent of "yours" and "mine"
Origin of "poindexter/pointdexter"
What is the origin of "oh noodles!"
"Electric bill", "electrical bill" or "electricity bill"
Why does "unisex" mean both sexes?
What is the phrasal verb or idiom that says about something that came is too late
Is "I can't get to know[..]" incorrect?
"The fullness" vs "fullness"
What is the technical name for quotes?
Is there a single word that could describe the phrase "makes it look easy"?
Writing large percentages
Why is "oh" spelled "oh" and not "o"?
What is the origin of "cr*p on a crutch"?
Would the "Cavendish drawl" be considered a dialect?
Origins of the phase "smash-and-grab capitalism"
What would you call someone who makes no lasting impression?
What is the origin of "pan" as a slang term for "face"?
Vernacular vs Lingua Franca
Term for people who cause accidents just to look like a hero
Why do some words have "X" as a substitute?
Is ‘Everybody’s cup of tea’ a well-used English idiom?
What does "guinea" mean here?
Where did the names of English letters come from, and why are they all monosyllabic (except for "w")?
Did "Mrs" originally imply possession?
What is the correct spelling: "filterbank" or "filter bank"
Preferred way to apostrophise in case of dual or multiple ownership by distinct entities
A word for “inner protected world”
What does “I believe in making America safe for old-fashioned light bulbs and not those weird curly ones,” mean?
"Mutexes" or "mutices"?
How should we treat a plural term that refers to singular term?
Can I use an explicit verb in a comparison clause?
What is the origin / history of "can't seem"?
Is the phrase 'have something down' the same as 'have something down pat'?
"Have this been" or "Had this been" provided
Meaning of "unbundling"
"shaving cream" vs. "shave cream"
What is the name of this figure of speech?
An experiment without a hypothesis?
Is there a name for inverting word order to accomplish a different meaning?
'to'-infinitive without the verb
What is the "superlative" way of expressing "thank you"
Explain the verb tense in "I wish I never woke up this morning"
Correct use of "circa"
Is ‘Take something cum grano salis’ a popular phrase? Can I use it in casual conversation?
"Had entries" or "had an entry"?
What does the phrase "putting them in time out" mean?
Pronunciation of "er" in "farmer" vs. "earth"
Proper punctuation for joining pro-sentence with independent clause
Are there words that refer to the different duration of months?
"pop bottles all night" - slang or valid term?
Add one more level of indirection in ownership description: "Peter teacher's car"?
The more complete 'Poor you'
What is a "kinetic" military operation?
"Over-protected" or "over-secured"
What is the meaning of the idiom "Like the Nation"?
What does "F.I.T." stand for here?
Meaning of "suits trading airport stories"
"shameful" vs "shameless"
Etymology of "gladhand" (truck hose coupler)
Words with pronunciations more complex than spelling
Origin of alternate meanings
What date range is being referred to when someone says {date} is in the first week of {month}?
“between” vs. “among”
"Have some reason you" or "Have some reason why you"
"when would" vs "when will"
Is “I don’t suppose you could lend me a pound?” a well-used expression when you ask someone to lend money?
Is there a pejorative word for an ethnic appeal?
Is "Sent from my iPhone" correctly punctuated and capitalized?
What is the meaning of the term "herbert" in British slang?
What to call the collective parts of a day?
Will the comma suffice to indicate whether the subject or the object is being modified?
What does “We don’t do anything that’s not completely up and up” mean?
How to correctly say you liked some food?
What does 'wear-wite' mean?
Is there an expression for creating something from start to finish (e.g. grain to bread)
"While" as a non-temporal adverb
Equivalent for "at the heart of our society"
Distinctly vs Distinctively
Use of "compute" and "calculate"
"Invoke" and "invocation"
Express an ability not to do something
Shorter alternatives to "staying up-to-date"
"Painful" vs. "hurtful"
"During summer" vs. "during the summer"
What's the term for the inner perimeter of something?
Pronunciation of "have" in "I don't have to" [do something]
What category includes "document" and "video"?
"stay home" vs. "stay at home"
Difference between "warrior" and "soldier"
Appropriate use of the term "transversely"
Use of "sleek" as a noun
Who are ‘the proverbial monkeys’ in ‘the proverbial monkeys willing to throw a wrench into it’?
Is "of course" just a warning that something is NOT obvious?
"What it did was" versus "what it did is" versus "what it does is"
What does "famously absent" mean?
Abbreviating names that start with a vowel
Meaning of "reductio ad Hitlerum"
Difference between "function" and "operation"
Where can I find a list of common padding words?
Words that can be repeated and still make sense
Meaning of "press upon"
Letter shared by many words
What's the meaning of "delivering up" here?
Use of "measles" as an interjection
How long has "looney" (meaning "lunatic") been in use?
Do you need a comma before a subordinating conjunction (like if)?
"Purge" vs. "expunge"
"Decision" vs. "resolution"
"Game money" vs "Play money"
'Seen as' or 'seeing as'
What does "jackpot" mean in this passage?
Wh-questions: auxiliary verbs or not?
Difference between "subsequently" and "consequently"?
Meaning of "dust" when referring to a person
Imaginary line from your finger when pointing
How commonly does "done" replace "did"?
Good and bad - suppletive adjectives
Difference between female and male usage
Incorrectly taking something facetious seriously
Use 'got' instead of 'was'?
Difference between "artifact" and "artefact"
Term for people who feel they have some disorder when they read about it
"Principal" vs "owner"
Is there a word for positive distraction?
What's a gay transsexual woman?
Should I replace "It would be possible that" and if so, why?
Is ‘Political gold’ a cliché or just a compound noun?
When did Indo-European descendants stop speaking Old English? What were the influencing factors in the shift from Old English to Modern English?
Origin of "continental breakfast"
Term for someone who calls herself negative things that are not true
What does “I’ll give you undercover!” mean here?
Is “you’re the door on the right.” grammatically correct?
In "Are you staff?" does "staff" need to be preceded with an article?
What is the correct way to write a range of dollar figures?
How do you correctly say large numbers
Word for something that can be validated
Expression “if and when something happens”
What do you call someone looking for a job?
Difference between "tournament", "competition" and "match"
Use of “f ” instead of “s” in historic, printed English documents
What is the expression for coughing at the beginning of an utterance officially called?
Rule or white list of words that can be prefixed with "up-" or "down-"
Is there an American English equivalent of the British idiom "carrying coals to Newcastle"?
How to pronounce "Linux"
Meaning of "for grins"
Is the term 'String' too jargony to use in a user interface?
"Interfere in" vs. "interfere with"
What is the opposite of "green"?
What is the origin of "rock" meaning "utilize"?
Meaning of "rallying call"
Is the word "all" implied by this question?
Word or phrase for hogging the left lane
What is the name of this castle part?
Usage of "break off one's plans"
Proverb or expression for someone taking on too much
Number that should be used here
Translation of Soccer term: disarm
What is the meaning of the part in bold in the following sentence
What is a synonym for "most frequently occurring"
Acronym or abbreviation?
Meaning of "ask of"
Meaning and correct use of "as to why"
Should there be a comma or a colon here?
Does British English use the term "heel" for the end slice of bread?
Why is "pull my finger" a joke?
Is the phrase "for free" correct?
Does "until [date]" mean "before that date"?
How did kool-aid come to be the drink of fanboys?
History of the phrase "olden days"
What is the origin of "stack" meaning $1000?
Minimum and maximum age of "guy"
Is "for true" valid English?
Is "very less" correct English?
Why do we say "This is " instead of "This's"?
"The Dude abides" — what does "abide" mean in that context?
What is the difference between "dissoluble" and "soluble"?
What does "message to the main" mean?
Executing a plan
Using "a/an" with uncountable nouns in exclamation sentences
How can I learn to speak with various accents?
What does ‘Move the bar on somebody’ mean?
Usage of 'z' in the word serialized in English?
What does "since he was so high" mean?
Proverb or expression for a situation with two choices, both leading to a different kind of trouble
User: She, He, She or He, or They?
What does "get wound" mean?
"Maximum" vs. "maximal"
"feel like" vs "be like"
"Have you ever drunk XYZ?"
How do the terms "fanboy" and "fangirl" differ from the generic term "fan?"
Do we say "… is greater or equal to…" or "… is greater or equal than…"?
Common antonyms to "happy ending"?
Why is "zero" followed by a plural noun?
Idiom about a chicken or not?
Plural Possessive of a Singular Noun
Origin of once again
Can I change how to accomplish something once someone says "or something to that effect"?
"tailored towards" or "tailored to"?
Are the allies always good guys?
Is it correct for someone to say that they've "fixed the apparent problems" with something?
Castleford dialect
What's the most common word to refer to a soccer team's shield (or coat of arms)?
"Goes good with" or "goes well with"
Plural of "abacus"
Where did the phrase "batsh*t crazy" come from?
How can the word 'priori' be used?
If you can be "discombobulated", is it possible to be "combobulated"?
What's the rule for writing sentences with parallel clauses?
Etymology of charlâtanerie
"I finally was able" or "I was finally able"?
Why is "doing" used here instead of "to do"?
What is the difference between "getting mad" and "getting upset"?
What's the proper interpretation of: "I was kissed by a girl twice"?
Meaning of "plumb" as verb
Connotation of "intestinal fortitude"
Why do people use “mayday” and not “help”?
Does the phrase "begging the question" make any sense?
Why is putting some spin on a ball described in some circles as giving it some "English"?
Expression for advantages of solution being disadvantages of alternatives
Are there any general rules or guidelines for creating abbreviations for words?
Verb form of "inception"
Old English instead of Latin in early Britain
Is it less than $100 or under $100? Is it more than $100 or is it over $100?
Use of "mugging up" for hobby
How to pluralise an acronym?
Is "Please advise" a real sentence?
Term for turning "Florida" into "Flo Rida"
What's the difference between "persuade" and "convince"?
Word to encompass object's location or size
What can a user do with a checkbox?
How to use "know" and "realize" correctly
Exactly what language do I (we) speak?
What does ‘Red meat rhetoric’ exactly mean?
Etymology of "Frenchified"
Short word that means "someone who takes notes"
Difference between "close" and "near"
Does the phrase "will ever be" include the past?
Meaning and origin of "get a grip"
How is the pronunciation of r before th? Specific case: "north"
"Carved from the living rock" — since when was rock ever alive?
What does “Jus’ folks is jus’ dumb” mean?
What do you call a government when the rulers are gods?
Why father is called "dada" and not "fafa"
A concise term for staking territorial claims
How has the phrase the "Mecca of some activity" originated and not the "Rome" or "Athens"
What does “Be weird about something” mean?
Word with three consecutive L's
Can we regard "lecture" as a monomorphemic word in Modern English?
"Dieing" vs "dying"
What does "chow-wow" mean here?
Formal way to tell someone they accidentally sent you someone else’s email?
Does "break your head" really mean literally breaking one's head?
Using "a" vs "an" with 'very'
Is there any countable noun which is a synonym of 'rating'?
To pleasure someone, to bring pleasure to someone, to make someone happy
Generic term for something you say
How can I optionally pluralize the word "diagnosis" in writing?
What is the practice of pricing goods at numbers such as 3.95, 69.90, 198 called?
Name for relation between a man’s two wives?
Is "take care" always a friendly utterance or can it sometimes be considered threatening?
What's your understanding of "suit" here?
Antonym of "nonsensical"
Meaning of "break over"
Where did the “&” character come from, and why is it here?
Noun form of "analytic"
Confusion regarding "I" and "me"
Difference in usage between "ostensive" and "ostensible"
Meaning of "crowded out"
What gave "terrific" a positive connotation?
Is (or was) the exclamation "Nuts!" crude?
Why is a story not called a “-logue”, though it has a prologue and an epilogue?
Are "way better" and "way more" correct?
Preposition to use with "concordance"
Meaning and origin of "in so many words"
Term for "married bridesmaid”
Which is correct: "rack my brain" or "wrack my brain"?
Use of "in contrast to"
Which sentence is more acceptable?
Is it possible to regard "vacant" and "vacancy" as allomorphs (variants) of the same root in Modern English?
What does "triage an issue" mean?
Do "coterminous" and "conterminous" have exactly the same meaning?
Replacement for "God forbid"
What is the origin of "summat"?
What do we call an adjective made of a verb?
How to distinguish between positions of prepositional phrases?
Is "close proximity" a tautology?
Whence came the usage of the word "product" in cosmetology (specifically hair care)?
"Need only apply"
Hesitation to use "girlfriend" in reference to old people
What does ‘alpha’ mean in the phrase, “A plea came for the President to be more alpha.”
Nouns  for 'living' and 'working' which sound more category-like?
Contextual meaning of "grown in orchards" and "considered a fruit"
When does "nature" require an article and why?
Word for in-house jargon
Different forms of the possessive
Word for not being happy with something but having to be satisfied with it
Origin and meaning of "along the lines of"
Chicks - Girls, Cats - Boys?
When can I use "as well" as a synonym for "too" or "also"?
Is there a word/ short phrase for extension of self / positive reflection of self?
Use of "and lo" in a sentence
Recurring difficulty finding a concise definition of "reasoned compromise"
What's the term for the feeling of anguish one feels before leaving for a long trip?
Alternatives to "kick your a**"
Dropping articles in the title (of an article or a section) or in the caption (of a figure or a table)? What's the general rule?
Replying to a favour done by someone
As a color name, would "chili" or "chile" be the same as "chilli"?
Term for place to post flyers
Is it correct to say “He got a fatal injury in the accident” when there is a possibility that the person’s life will be saved?
"Subtotal" vs "total"
Etymology of "unhinged"
What does ‘Cocktail-party fool’ exactly mean? Is it established English word?
Is there a shorter way of saying 'people who live or are planning to live in (this country)'?
Use of "cynicism" in this sentence
How to ask if a person has done/had breakfast?
In the context of food, is the phrase "portion size" tautological?
What is the state of a license when one of the terms is no longer met?
How to write company name
Single word which refers to restaurants, bars and clubs?
Where does this translation of Saint-Exupery's quote on design come from?
What are the different nuances of "passing with distinction" in a CV?
Examples where English is "more Germanic" than German
How do you make the possessive form with "He and I"-style subjects?
Difference between "meant to" and "supposed to"
Noun for receiving end of promotion?
Meaning of "to get stuffed"
More formal way of saying: "Sorry to bug you again about this, but ..."
"Left the starting gate"
Is 'doo' a cajun term of endearment?
Meaning of "How do I get featured?" in context of software development
Can I use the word "library" to refer to collections of things other than books or software?
Etymological relationship between "to" and "too"
Why is "transferred" written with two R's?
Using "compared with", "in comparison with" or "than" to compare
Capitalisation of "chess"
Noun for "playing of the video/audio" object
Term for wordplay using adjacent repetition of homophones
"In the third person" or "in third person"
When is it appropriate or disrespectful to refer to someone as "she"?
Is ‘smaller-bore’ proposal (or plan) an ordinary expression?
Words that originate from Icelandic
What is wrong with the word "performant"?
"There always come/comes a point"
Pronunciation of "#winning"
How to use "to + V-ing"?
Structure and meaning of 'having a just a few' in the following paragraph?
"This serves as a quick reference to verifying resource availabilities in Espresso"
Difference between "theorem" and "theory"
Why "job" in "nut job"
Parsing of a compound noun with many words
"Faster, not sooner"
"Leadership is our drive. What's your?"
Why is it called "blind baking"?
What highway exit does "Next Exit" refer to?
Meaning of "bust"
Better way to say "repeat sequentially"
Punctuation in presentation slides
"Neither . . . nor" vs. "nor . . . neither"
finding proper article for a sentence
Want feedback from someone I've disappointed
Is there a word for the act of dimming an oil lamp?
Why are "indemnify" and "condemn" spelled differently?
Words (especially homographs or homonyms) with different inflection
Does the phrase "who's in?" or "I'm in!" exist in (informal) English?
How did "sinister", the Latin word for "left-handed", get its current meaning?
Should I use 'cards' or 'a card'?
Is "thankyou" acceptable as a single word?
What does “I’ve got my fist cocked if you still want to f*** with me,” mean in reference to the comment on the hard-boiled character of Rick Perry?
Starting Line of a Race
What does "I gets mine" mean?
What does ‘ Seven years there and he won’t know himself.’ mean?
Is there a name for this kind of phrase?
Use of "it" before "sufficeth to say"
Is there any categorical name for these kind of words?
Pluralization of names
Which term was coined first? "England" or "English"?
Origin of square and cube as verbs
Why is the phrase "Never again" associated with the Holocaust?
Word to describe a mathematical variable that repeats, like an angle or time
"Be able to," "can" in reduced relative pronouns
What is the origin of the phrase "Gag me with a spoon"?
How to explain accent variations to students
What do you call a disk with a hole in the middle?
Divided by half - meaning
Why do we say "Hurricane prepares to hit east coast?"
Can I "shout someone out", or only "give a shout out to" someone (to recognize them)?
What's a better word for "cowardly", that doesn't sound like name-calling?
Error on wiki page - Is it ok?
Why does the 3rd-person of verbs that end in -y follow the rule for plural nouns instead of verbs?
Why do we say "... by [date/time]"?
"The aims are promoting and protecting" vs. "the aims are to promote and protect"
What does "off the top" mean in this context?
What is the word to call a buddy who only helps you, but  never asks for help?
What is the difference between "daemon" and "demon" in a religious context?
Hyphenation in compound adjectives
"Lyrics to a song" vs. "lyrics of a song"
The expression "Pitch a loaf"
Which past tense of "to light" should I use here?
Is "Compasses" a typo?
Should I use a question mark when the second independent clause of my sentence is not a question?
What do you call a person who is always online on the Internet?
Do you "call an audible" when you "play it by ear"?
Blood - Bloods - pluralisation
Frequent ping-ponging of priorities?
How do I punctuate a question within a statement?
How did "gesundheit" work its way into common American usage?
'Potential' as an adjective
How do noun clauses work when they seem to leave no independent clause?
"In 15 minutes" or "15 minutes later"?
Independent/independently of/from
Difference between "unto" and "to"
Some sentences in the beginning of movie "Forrest Gump"
What does "dorsal" mean?
Is describing someone as “higher-educated” awkward?
Can I say "medium-term", as with the adjectives "short-term" and "long-term"? Do they need prepositions?
Have or Hold Open House
Should I use the phrase: "to + verb-ing" or just "to + verb"?
When to use words quite, rather, pretty, fairly etc
Why do we say someone who has read many books is "widely read"?
What would be a good way for referring to the property of being a Home/Visitor Team?
What does “Sunshine,” when it’s placed at the end of sentence mean?
Why are you "reading" a particular subject at university?
Can I say "trees were shaking" because of the wind? Or should it be "moving" or something else?
"Deus Ex Machina" for Misfortune
Looking forward/forwards to your reply
Does the root -batic have a source meaning?
A better way to express this sentence to clarify its meaning?
"The one who wants" vs. "the one who want"
’He was off’ vs. ‘He started’ (in terms of their effect in story telling)
What’s the meaning of ‘wipe slime from his mother’s boots’?
Is the complement considered a part of the predicate?
Are particular seasons proper nouns?
What would you call a person who farts a lot?
Is "he plays the piano" stative or dynamic?
Comma after "intuitively" at the beginning of a sentence?
Difference between "field of inquiry" and "field of endeavor"
Can commoner be used as an adjective? I thought it was a noun. Can we say something is commoner?
Higher, greater or bigger distance?
How to interpret the phrase "no more" in "Don't love no more"(Craig David's song)?
When should I use "is", and when "does"?
Word or phrase meaning "working hours have ended, and it's time to go home"?
Should I use "in" or "on"?
Word-order and meaning - which is correct for this notice?
Etymology of "Threshold"
Difference between "size" and "magnitude"
What does "waive off" mean?
Antonym of "low-ball" as price
"Scar Tissue" vs. "Scar Tissues"
"Agreed" or "agreed to"
What's the difference between "false", "counterfeit", and "forged" when describing a document?
What's the origin of "[X number of] souls onboard"?
Is "submittable" a valid word?
"Injunct" vs "Enjoin"
“In the outskirts” versus “on the outskirts”
"Aeroplane" or "Airplane" - Which are people more familiar with?
What is the origin of "Robbing Peter to pay Paul"?
Should I add a 'that' to this (provided in the body) sentence?
Where does the saying "made from scratch" originate?
Meaning of "be brought low"
Meaning of "take"
Improper usage of "subsequently" in the latest Futurama episode?
Difference between "Let us go" and "Let we go"?
Why the "meat" in "sweetmeat"?
What are the words for the different parts of a ticket?
What are the words for the two parts of a round trip?
How can I use "insight"?
Synonym for "to calm"?
Use of "-wise" in phrases or words
How to unambiguously ask a question with "OR"
Word order in fractional quantities
Origin and meaning of "You catch more flies with honey than you do with vinegar"
Is "shined" correct? If so, is "he shined X on the tree" also correct?
What does "I wished I had a nickel" mean when threatened by a radical extremist?
History of the phrase "for Mother Russia"
How is "organic" different from "natural"?
What could I say instead of "raise the roof"?
Why does appraisal have so little to do with praise?
When should I use "finish" instead of "complete," and vice versa?
Adjectives that do not have predicative position
What is the difference between “Change we can believe in” and “Change we can believe in tomorrow’”?
Meaning of "suboptimal"
"Rank" and "ranking"
Non-idiomatic "would be a rare X that Y": "...would be a rare hurricane that..."
What is the word to describe the placement of two contrasting ideas next to each other?
Use of "when about" as colloquial alternative to "approximately when"
Past tense of the verb "FedEx"
"Programs running in/on machine”
What's the meaning of "at 91 yen to the dollar"?
Changing a quotation so that the original is recognised, but has been given a new meaning
Why is "bade" pronounced "bad"?
Phrase or idiom for funnelling efforts in wrong direction
Capitalization of idioms in titles
Use of "completely rubbish"
Synonymity of "simple" and "basic"
Abbreviation of "(a)synchronous"
Use of "should have" in conditional sentences
What does "a-" before a verb mean?
Where were "should", "shall", and "must" in the 18th Century?
Contracting "Should not have"
When to use "hit" instead of "go"
"Arnold raced out of the door": grammatical or not?
"Is Ken home?" or "Is Ken at home?"
Plurals of "infimum" and "supremum"
Why does gasoline have the word "gas" in it, if it's never gaseous?
"Don't/Won't/Wouldn't want to"
Why do exciting things "rock"?
Term for misspelling used as pun of another word
Is “knife-in-one’s-teeth (woman)” frequently used English? Can we use it for a man as well?
Is this statement, where the same pronoun refers to two entities, grammatically correct?
Why prefix a request with "I'm going to have to ask you..."
Is there a reason to use "mono" over "uni"?
"I am gonna have to" vs. "I have to"
Difference between "without" and "with no"
Word or phrase to describe banging finger downwards to demand something
“Open sesame”: how widely understood is it, and how else to put it?
Gentlewomen and Gentlemen
Is "triple" the proper counterpart of pair when describing a group of three items?
Usage of "chip off the old block"
Is "group" singular or plural?
Word for person who is always dizzy or high
What does "Rolling in the deep" mean?
Golf Define "Rolling Draw"
What do you call a web advert that obscures page content forcing you to look at it?
Can a hyphen be used without anything on the right side?
A word for a form of government that governs itself
Term for "constantly unsatisfied soul"
Why does "whence" have "when" in it?
phonetics vs. phonology
Correct order of multiple possessive words
Origin of "in a pig's eye"
"On grounds of" vs. "on the grounds of"
Can "off" and "from" be used interchangeably?
We have a special machine, unlike no other
Is there a difference between "leading edge" and "bleeding edge"?
Is the headline of this blog correct?
Why does "savior" have an "i"?
Connotations  of "arousing"
Would you say that “headhunter” (as in recruitment) carries derogatory connotations?
Proper way to pronounce "Pyrzqxgl!"
How is "winded" pronounced in "he winded a horn"?
What is the spelt-out form of “What gives”?
Why are some adjectives placed after a noun?
Can we use "what the heck" in formal contexts to denote a more friendly environment?
Usage of "infinities"
When and where to italicize a term in text?
What is Iridescent with an extra "r?"
Term for someone who has experienced many hardships
The condition for saying “You’re the door on the right.” etc. and its construction
"I would like to ask you a favour" vs. "I would like to ask you for a favour"
"Production" vs. "manufacturing"
Backshifting in the that-clause of 'make sure'
Origin of "the nature of the beast"
What differentiates an abstract noun with a concrete noun?
Phrases similar to "pleased to meet you"
Usage of "just", "only" and word-order [intended meaning]
Other expressions for "to be the devil's advocate"?
Why A is pronounced differently in "opacity" and "opaque"
Why is the plural acronym "CSS" treated as singular?
What's the origin of "beta" to describe a "user-testing" phase of computer development?
What is the origin of “heart goes out to”?
Difference between "close up" and "close down"
Using "get" in place of "start"
"Heat up" or "heat"
Does "with the descriptive noun of other noun" count as a simile?
"At" or "in": Places
What does "turn off" mean here?
Word describing the "finiteness" of something
What is an alternative term for "Swiss army knife"?
"Longer running time" vs "high performance"
Etymology of "rinse and repeat"
How to express misusing a tool
How can I explain why the following sentence is poorly written?
"Chalice" vs. "goblet"
English term for pre-thinker?
Allegedly/Presumably/Supposedly - what's the difference?
Server log shows normal activities OR Server logs show normal activities?
What does 'cloying smoke' mean?
What's the meaning when we say "per se"?
Why is he saying ”This is us” when it means “This is ours”?
What's a word or phrase that means "saved in the wrong file format"?
supplant : replace :: snatch : take
What is the meaning of "limpin' to the barn"?
Why are the words Reich and Kaiser capitalised in English?
"On short notice" vs "At short notice"
What's the word that sounds like “convolution” in this recording?
Is there a word similar to "condolences" that doesn't involve death?
Meaning of "semi-pro"
"I'm just like anyone else" or "I am not like other people"?
"I was one for two"
What is the correct word to use instead of else’s?
What is the difference between "peasant" and "villager"?
What is the difference between "in" and "within"?
Does "8 days" mean "after 8 days"?
Is there a name for "I don't mean to..., but" phrases?
"Well paint me green and call me a cucumber! I just […]"
Word for "without asking for it"
Meaning of "beautiful mind"
"Firehouse" vs. "fire station"
May conditional be used after "if"?
What makes a non-native English speaker sound foreign?
Relative clause introduced by an adverb
Meaning of "on the same page"
"The great I" vs "The great me"
Word for someone who prepares reports
Origin of "twitter"
Meaning of “The book that should have been in the box”
"Real time", "real-time" or "realtime"
Another word for "fraction" that fits in conversation like "percent"?
"Bring 6 eggs. If there are potatoes, bring 9."
Adjective defining a property of an object that is possessed by many of those objects
Are there similar metaphors to “It’s no use for a dojo (loach) to behave like a goldfish”?
Is it correct to say "What's the best search tools in windows?"
origin and uses of expression "teach one's grandmother how to suck eggs"
Figuring the SVO of the sentence "I'm Tom."
What is the degree of strength of the verbs listed below dealing with rules/advice?
Why do we use '/' sign as a representation of 'or'?
Explanations on the tense of the expression, "XX said that..."
Why are certain categories of words more likely to vary between British and American English?
"Forbidden to" vs "Forbidden from"?
Polite way of calling someone for help
Against and Towards can be same?
Mix and Mixture
"for which" vs. "for what"?
How would you describe a set of words that are all from the same domain/idea, but tenuously applied to an unrelated domain/idea?
What's the term to describe this kind of sentence?
"Antecedent" vs. "predecessor"
How to name the hierarchy of my employees
Where does the idiom "whole cloth" come from?
Use "Plumb it down" instead of "Track it down"
Should a second definition for a word be used over the first definition of another word? (Both appropriate words)
What is the word for "Unnecessary detailed information"?
What does "hardline phone" mean?
What reasoning is behind the names of the trigonometric functions "sine", "secant" and "tangent"?
Like "relinquish" but less extreme
Which adjectives can describe verbs?
Is there a proper name for the 3 asterisks that are used to suggest temporal discontinuity?
Who is “That Guy”?
Symposium vs Conference?
Progressive form of "beware"
Word formation with the nominal suffix -tion: when and why do we insert an "a"?
"Educative" vs "insightful"
Is there an adjective meaning "dog like"?
What does "what's the hangup?!" mean?
What's the origin of “yo”?
Why do we say "less" instead of "fewer" when comparing against a number?
Adverb placement in "Let's simply share"
An expression that adds little information
What does "separated at birth" mean?
Capitalization of explanation of abbreviations
If I can say "videos", may I also say "audios"?
Origins and meaning of "can you not"
Origin of "hashing out plans"
"Exhibition" or "exhibit"
What is one "content" item in a Wikipedia called?
What would you call a psychological tool that does more than diagnose?
"Certify" vs. "certificate"
Word for arms "outstretched, overhead, in y-shape"?
Is there a name for someone who calls someone else what he himself is?
Word for prayer responses
"Riviera" or "Rivieras" for plural
'To swiftly go' or 'to go swiftly'?
"release a burden"?
Looking for idiom/expression to describe an instance where one makes something seem better than it really is
Odd, affected pronunciation of "realtor"
What does "Many, many happy returns of the day" mean in context of a birthday?
Word meaning "expressing innocous concept with offensive near-homonym"
Meaning of "a wisp in the ether"?
Difference between "spirit" and "soul"
Join with all nature in manifold witness
The use of "have": "have a map on it" and "have a colony in the country"
What are some words for something that is not organised?
Meaning of passage
Spelling of "high" vs "height"
Correct punctuation in company names
Does "whether or not I should..." sound awkward?
How to use "pickpocket" as verb
Difference between "public relations" and "human relations"
"Undelete" vs "recover" or "restore"
"Consistence" and "consistency"
Meaning of "rolling stone"
Is it true that a word ending in -y is more likely to be an adjective than a noun?
What does the phrase "smiling to beat the band" mean?
What is it called when an antecedent noun follows the pronoun?
How to understand "after" in "A man after my own heart"
Meaning of "take imprints"
What is the origin of "hissy fit"?
A better way to say "enrolled in a program" to signify the difficulty of attaining admission in the face of stiff competition?
Arguable ("susceptible to doubt") vs arguable ("susceptible to being supported")
Meaning of "higher thought"
Etymology of "Canvassing"
I thought they must be poor
"Thanks and Regards" vs. "Thanks and regards"
Is the usage of "at" correct in this case? Should it go with "where" or "which"?
Is "grab" an informal way of saying "learn"?
What is the name of the basis writing stroke?
"My goodness!" Mine? Goodness?
What does “Stick it up one’s jumper” mean? Why is it funny?
How "yank" came about in vi and Emacs
Differences between Case Frames and Semantic role labeling
“Tortoise” and “taught us”
Does the term "witch-hunt" apply when referring to dealing with a real problem?
There is/are one or several apple/~s?
Pronunciation of words ending with “‑ae”
Differences between "pig" and "hog"
Do native English speakers use the word "touristic"?
What's the word that sounds like “procedures” in this recording?
Why do we write the name of Judges in a strange way?
Adjective describing things that can be given value
Word for person who eats insects
Difference between "scheme" and "schema"
Does Caesar and Augustus refer to the same person?
Multiple people possession
Any adjectives for the noun 'Renaissance'?
Make a slogan sound native
Was the word for the BDSM costume "gimp suit" coined by Tarantino in Pulp Fiction?
What is the proper word to say "terrorist hood" in English?
Is there a verb for online-ness and offline-ness?
What does "left for dead" mean?
 How to use the words ending with "-ly"?
"who is entitled" or "whom is entitled": which is correct?
Is "since I'm" now an acceptable alternative to "since I was"?
Why does "for good" mean "forever"?
What does "come away" mean here, in reference to a memorial?
Is Wayne's World's (NOT) a modern invention?
"Dear Professor" vs "Dear Mr": differences between British and American usage
What could "cert 4/52" mean in a clinical record?
Should we always use the exclamation mark in expressions like "thank you", "my pleasure", etc?
What type of cat do you swing?
What is "lemonade" in American English?
Omitting "is", like in "I think it strange"
Differences among point, grade and mark
Is the apostrophe (') supposed to be omitted in names like 'King's Cross', 'King's Singers'?
"Building site" vs. "construction site"
What does "lemon on" mean in this context?
“Has been” vs. “was”
"Nose" is to "nasal" as "ear" is to what?
Synonym for "turn to"
Where does “goodness me” come from?
Phrase and word-order meaning
What is a word or expression to describe anxiety about the passing of time?
Why (and since when) is prostitution called “the world's oldest profession”?
"The question then arises . . . "
How did "next day" come to mean "day of next week"?
Antonym of the verb "complete"
Why is "do" sometimes put before a verb?
What is it about English that makes it favourable for writing limericks?
A word or phrasal verb in place of "Compromise"
What is the origin of "eyewash"?
To live in ignorance of just happiness
Let English English you
Is ‘USAers’ just an ordinary English word today?
What does ‘be worse off under Bam’ mean?
Madam vs. Ma'am
Singular or plural: "The figure(s) in the center and on the right show that..."
Why do I instinctively want to use the present tense with a conditional?
A word for "able to cause empathy or sympathy"? Sympathizable?
How far back in time does "recent past" mean in the following sentence when applying for law enforcement?
Reveling in the past
Origin of "bug" in reference to software
Why does the gorilla weigh exactly 800 pounds?
Can a number be given the attribute 'physical'?
Is “either” only used with two options?
Is it okay to use Present Perfect Tense right after "to see how"?
Which is correct: "while away" or "wile away"?
What are differences between a "panel" a "board" and a "think tank"?
"Created them flawless/flawlessly"
What do you call this type of lock?
Why "a quarter of nine" to represent 8:45?
What is the proper substitute for "Batmanning"?
Should "romaji" be capitalized?
Meaning of the idiom "keeping my head out of the oven"
Should it be "mid 80s" or "mid-80s"?
"Salty" in place of expensive?
Noun genders in Moby Dick
"Integrity" vs. "honesty"—what's the difference?
Looking for word/expression/idiom that describes "difficult to describe driving directions"
Is there a technical term for insideout-ness?
Is there a thesaurus which indicates the language of origin of each word?
All Right vs Alright when starting to speak
Why is a bathroom sometimes called a "john"?
John Smith Esquire v. John Smith Attorney v. John Smith Attorney at Law
Meaning of "let bygones be bygones"
"Should probably be" vs. "should be probably"
Is there a term for expressions usually rendered as names but are meant to be humorous?
Origin of "Under the weather"?
Why is "eye" pronounced so strangely?
What does "dragged along" mean here?
What does "pocketbook" mean here?
Origin of "c**p"
"Keys to car" or "keys of car"
The meaning of Descending Priority when some possibly contradicting ordering is also are specified
What’s the meaning of “if that” at the end of a sentence?
Use of the word "have"
Word request: exploration of frontier research/science ideas?
Name and origin of writing with period after each word
"Optimal" vs. "ideal"
Meaning of "What gave it away"
Writing the most important part of a sentence (at the end, between parentheses)
What does regression mean here?
What is an appropriate word for a third-tier item (primary, secondary, ...)?
"Consumable" and "non-consumable" in reference to electronic items
Synonyms for "taking cover"
Difference between "voters", "electorates" and "constituents"
Using "will" twice in a sentence
What is the meaning of the phrase "chance would be a fine thing"?
What is "o-matic"?
What does "wax lyrical" mean in this context?
"Back up data" or "back data up"?
What is the term for an item/entry in a compendium?
Plural/singular verb agreement with units
A single word that means "to push yourself"
Past participle of "spit"
Difference between "persistence" and "perseverance"
Are alpha and omega common abbreviations for birth and death?
How do you spell wifi / Wi-Fi / WiFi?
Can I say "We don't must", any alternative using a modal verb if I can't?
What does the gesture to touch the side of your nose with a forefinger mean?
Using hyphenated words in technical writing?
What does "a merchant of expensive purple cloth" means?
"Why and for what reasons"
What does “draft” mean in “draft a cyclist”?
Improving written English and Grammar
When do you use "is being" in English?
Laughing somebody out of town/court/the room
Rule for when to use "could" as a helper?
What does "Merlin's beard!" mean?
"Currently online now"
Is there a single word for a "friend of a friend"?
Should "pseudo" words be hyphenated?
Once/twice/thrice vs one/two/three times
'Right' is to 'Integrity' as 'Just' is to what?
Word for "order doesn't matter"
What is a word for partaking in art?
Meaning and origin of "the grind of my day"
What is the flat part of an iron called?
Blockchain or block chain? Double-spend or doublespend?
The size of my confusion is "second to none"
In which context is the word "libation" more often used?
What is a single word for a ruling representative of a supreme leader who carries out his orders?
English comprehension task
Why does the verb "succeed" change to "successor" as a noun?
What's a better word than "colon-ized" or "title-rrhea" for this style in book titles?
Having trouble understanding this text
Is the word “formulæ” valid English?
Origin of "cream of the crop"
Is ‘Set one’s hair on fire’ a popular English idiom?
Use of a comma within a descriptive phrase
What is the meaning of "I don't give a damn for someone that can only spell a word one way."
Origin of "you lot" and other plural forms of "you"
Grammar analysis of this sentence from a magazine
Abbreviation for "announcement"?
Starting a sentence with "In Winter 2010,"
Can you use "say" to refer to things on the internet?
How is "lay bare" sexual?
Origin of "toffee-nosed"
Use of "minute or two" to mean "moment" in the early 20th century?
Sayings similar to "a picture is worth a thousand words"
Origin of "cream" meaning "to defeat decisively"
What is the best way to mention a word: italics, quotes, or single-quotes (apostrophes)?
President Obama is called Sleeping Barry. Who in the world is this "Sleeping Barry"?
"I don't think you X" versus "I think you don't X"
To or for usage: Places
"Wear off" or "ware off"
Is "plunger" a familiar word for part of a phone?
Is there a reversal in the following sentence?
Does "split" necessarily mean 50/50?
What do you call the sound of a bell?
Is "what a badass of a barber!" correct?
What does "with" mean in this sentence?
Does one "laugh out of enjoyment" or "laugh of enjoyment"?
Why use the term "Sister sites" instead of "Brother sites"?
What does “I don’t think we figured in his day at all” mean?
Why is the movie named "Hot Fuzz"?
Is it okay to say "I can play the piano by music notes"?
Would "well done" also apply to a presently proceeding action?
Can I use "grinding" meaning "screeching"?
Fashionable photographers
Greeting words in emails
"She is gone" versus "she has gone"
Is "Jew" gender-neutral?
What does "subtle" mean as a single-word reply?
What does "a sock full of pennies" mean?
I was raised being called "sister" by my family. What's the background on this usage?
Etymology of "binky" -- three questions
Is there an idiom that conveys the meaning of the French “mi figue mi raisin”?
What's the word for someone who pretends to buy something from a street-seller, in order to draw other people?
Meta Information in Conversations
Is it okay to use Past Simple with Past Progressive for two consecutive actions?
Do I need an apostrophe in "These trees’ roots"?
"Guess the animal" or "Guess what animal it is"?
Is there an idiom for people who boast too much?
Is there any adjective synonymous to "to the point"?
Where should I put the commas in a sentence containing "as well as"?
What is the overlap between "Y" and "I"?
Idiom: People caring about minor stuff while something terrible is happening
What is the adjective form of "turmoil"?
What's the grammatical term for this phenomenon?
Why is the current unrest in the Arab world called the "Arab Spring"?
Difference between "Coming weekend" and "This weekend"?
Is there a more abstract word for infrastructure?
Hyphenation of "balaclava"
How should I understand this inversion?
Why is 'shucks' (as in 'aw, shucks') used with an '-s' ending?
Weaved or woven
"Demonstratable" — a dictionary word, or just a well known hack?
Why shouldn't we say "an user"?
Is “what’s” a correct short form of “what does”?
"He recommended that they are separated" - is this valid?
"The committee has" vs. "the committee have"
Appropriate preposition to go with "concerned"
Is it correct to use "on" with the meaning of "inside"?
Is there a word or term for an attempt to simplify but which complicates instead?
How would you use "can" in a future sentence?
How is X-ray capitalized?
Meaning of "pcm"
Has the incorporation of foreign phrases in English stopped?
Word for "that which shows the reality behind a phenomenon"?
What's the word for "doing useless things while you don't have anything to do"?
When do we consider English speakers' familiarity as a proof?
Isn’t “Eye-glazing” a popular word? Why isn’t it included in major English dictionaries?
What is the origin and meaning of the phrase "all day" when used in a commercial kitchen?
Adjectival form of the word 'aspect'?
Meaning of "seething breeding"?
What is a "temporary mental apparition"?
What is the  structure of "Long time passing"?
What is the "group name" for students who entered / left university in the same year?
HTTP-port or HTTP port?
How do you say 'self-important' when applied to a group of people?
"Disappointed in" versus "disappointed with"
Meaning of the phrase "for the rest of us"
Should I use capitalization when mentioning a domain name?
"Fillet" or "filet"
Yoga (proper-case) or yoga (lowercase)?
When to use decline for polite refusal and when not to
What are some nice words to describe a very old age of a person
Why are so many terms nautical in origin?
"Graphics gallery" or "graphic gallery"
Meaning of "strips thin but delicate"
"Virtual work and fun environments"
how can I phrase the future possible applications of a technology?
"Iterate" and "iteration" as nouns
Does a "wedding reception" imply a meal?
Is "subtle" a positive, neutral or/and negative word?
What is "outbearded"?
How often are tonic syllables incorrectly chosen in English?
Is there a difference between saying a place is "well-lighted" versus "well-lit" or is it just stylistic?
Should broader types be capitalized?
What is the early recorded use of "white trash" and has its meaning changed over time?
Why is the common meaning of logical terms ('and', 'or') incongruous from that in math?
What is the difference between "to allege" and "to claim"?
Why is “Saturday” Romanic?
Is the proper phrasing "SMS" or "SMS Message"?
A pedant's plea for a proper pun
Adjective for "Visual Cacophony"
"Vitriol" vs "caustic comments"
Origin of the of the phrase "feeling blue"
"Each" vs. "both"
Difference between "I'm fine" and "I'm good"
Analogy for an absurd way to teach something?
As "postscript" is one word, why do some abbreviate it as "p.s."?
Does “to flatline” only means “to die”, or can it refer to an actual flat graph?
Are sentences that have multiple "WH Question" words considered grammatical?
Why does "hard cheese" mean "bad luck"?
What does "crossed signals" mean in this context?
Meaning of a saying about the difference between L.A. and New York
Analogy for arising difficulties
"Cancel" versus "close" versus "abolish" when referring to a debit/credit card
Dissecting an English sentence using a pattern
Where did "sorry" get its vowel sound?
Indirect questions using “do you think”
Pronunciation of "i" in the words like "direct", "organization", etc
What's a word for "a thoroughly enjoyable experience"?
Dogs' or dogs's?
What is the correct usage for 'nominate'?
"Race" is to "racism" as "religion" is to what?
Is "performance" singular or also plural?
Meaning of "Circle around with"
Term for not recognizing faces
Is there a term for a euphemistic term being used literally?
Derivations of operation, operable vs. reparation, reparable
Is there a word for place and year of birth and death?
<something> and <something> is enough or are enough?
What does military plane’s escort (of an American Airlines flight) was “out of abundance of caution”’mean?
Why is she saying “bang him on the counter” when he is a small living thing?
What's the difference between "I must help her" and " I have to help her"
“Let's burn that bridge when we come to it” – is this sort of idiom mixing considered a pun, and if so, does it have a specific name?
What is the meaning of 'is' in this sentence?
"At the time" versus "at that time"
What is the etymology of the word "dinlo"?
Is it incorrect to say "...it's not, is it? Or is it?"
Why "homophobia" and not "sexualism" or similar?
What is a 'star rose'?
"Will be able to"
What is a word for someone who wants to preserve others' cultures?
Punctuation of an exclamative question
What's the difference between 'envy' and 'jealousy'?
What is the style of writing used in the Summa Theologica called?
How does an "agency" differ from a "company"?
generic term for "A-hed"? (quirky article at the bottom of the front page of the Wall Street Journal)
"Paradise" vs. "heaven"
What do you call "gift CDs" that you select music for manually?
Am I misusing the semicolon?
Why isn't "muscle" pronounced "muskle"?
Proper use of the phrase "of all time"
Semantic difference between "engine" and "motor"
Is there a difference of meaning between "edit" and "modify" in this context?
What's the word for a migration from a manual-based system to a IT-based system?
Which is correct, "on-line" or "online"?
'I get it' vs. 'I got it'
"Seal the Deal" literally?
The meaning and origin of "hedge your bets"
What's the appropriate term for a non-annual commemoration of an event?
Word for very-fine, see through
On Saturday afternoon or in the Saturday afternoon?
A word for when a word is used incorrectly (grammatically) but can still be parsed in a grammatically correct way?
What does 'for such actions as ...' mean?
To lose someone something
A positive alternative to "smelling" to describe something with a pleasant odor
"Know your customers' needs before they even..." - "talk" or "speak"?
Which is grammatically correct: "Let he who..." or "Let him who..."
Getting to the bottom of common nouns
Is the expression "to float someone's boat" possible outside of "Whatever floats your boat"?
Using exclamation points as part of a brand name
What is the proper (practical/efficient) way to analyze a sentence?
"A classmate and I was" vs "A classmate and I were"
"I understand you" vs "I do understand you"
How do you pronounce "GUI"?
Is "of which" a proper way to begin a relative clause?
Context to distinguish "we" inclusive versus exclusive
What's the difference between "I am busy right now" and "I am busy at the moment"?
A word for "I am here!"
Is ‘Not a peep’ an idiom, or just plain statement?
Difference between "instantly" and "instantaneously"
What does "shotgun" have to do with the front seat in the car?
"1 out of 100 chickens is" or "1 out of 100 chickens are"?
What are the pros and cons of learning English from movies and radio?
In the classic old cowboy song, "I Ride an Old Paint", what are the meanings of the terms, "fiery" and "snuffy"?
Do “asymmetric” and “dissymmetric” have different meaning?
In which way is /dɑːtə/ more formal than /deɪtə/?
Is "gilded" usually associated with gold as an element or as a colour?
Can someone please explain this pun?
What is the implication of "eye of the storm"?
Is it possible to use the verb "torture" in a figurative sense?
A word for someone trying to make people underestimate him
Usage of verb "hang"
Is that a correct usage of present perfect?
Synonymity of "is that so" and "really"
What is a good word to describe a large geographical area
How to derive a noun or adective or adverb from "nya"?
Was the term "Knights of the Round" ever commonly used?
What does "self-deliverance" mean?
How many times do you have to do a thing before it becomes a tradition
What does "Subject to" + verb mean?
What do you call a pair of words which would be meaningless without one of them?
How to use articles? When to use "a", "an", "the"?
What does Rick Perry’s “God uses broken people to reach a broken world" mean?
Difference between "socket" and "outlet"
What is the meaning of 'this is not here'?
All X are Y. Then Some Y is X?
"All X are not made equal" - ambiguous meaning?
What does "morally important" mean?
Can "Can you, please, help me" be followed by "as to which"?
Pronouns: a word class or a subclass of nouns?
Why isn't "ecliptic" a proper noun?
Polite way to refuse to answer a question
Is there any idiom in English that describes someone's eyes' black pupils?
"This" vs "that"
Meaning and usage of "Gentlebeing"
What can I call other students if I am also a student?
I'd rather not [do something] vs I'd prefer not to [do something]
Why do some adjectives follow the nouns they modify?
A Vocabulary word meaning: " to completely embody the meaning of a term "
The use of "e.g." at the end of a sentence
Is “treat somebody pretty ugly” a common and colloquial English phrase?
Distinction between "pillage" and "plunder"
Does "yar" (or "yarr" or "yargh") in Pirate English imply an affirmative?
What does “yo-ho-ho” mean?
Is there a more-accepted synonym to the term "Commonwealth English"?
Origin of the idiom "go south"
Synonym of "s--t eating grin" suitable for polite company
Is two-thirds plural?
What do you call oxidized fruit?
What's the word for learning the wrong thing?
A word meaning "looking like the object that it describes"
What kind of human character or regional trait does the habit of “the g-dropping” represent for?
How did "hearties" come to mean "shipmates"?
Pathfinding, path-finding or path finding?
What does "up she rises" mean in the sea shanty "Drunken Sailor"?
How did pirates really talk?
What is an idiom/slang for "someone who pretends to be good when they're not"?
"Tamper evident opening"
Why are almost all vowels pronounced "i" in New Zealand English?
What word describes the dislike of non-human (extraterrestrial) species?
How to conclude long "whether ... or" clauses
Are pronouns optional?
What is the origin of the idiom "let something rip"?
What is the correct way to punctuate sentences that end with proper nouns who also contain punctuation?
How did "tot" come to mean a measure or ration?
What do you do when a sentence ends with a decimal?
Metaphorical antonym of "crutch"
Words with most meanings
"Writer's writer" — who can say it?
Have I got a little story for you
Meaning of "precise-looking"
Can I say "Draw a triangle around the strawberry"?
Is there any pragmatic implication in ‘Beaky has enjoyed London’ here?
A single word for labelling someone a disbeliever in a particular religion despite them adhering to it
Which was the original word- "pock" or "pox"?
What's the term for an unsecured wifi network that requires logging in through a browser?
Word for delaying a decision with only one option?
What's the difference between "my love" and "my lover"?
What is "taking gongs"?
Can "and" mean "in order to"?
Meaning of "type cast solid"
"My parents' friendship with..." vs. "my parent's friendship with..." vs. "my parents friendship with..."
How to use the possessive form when referring to someone else and yourself?
Words for not keeping up with supposed pace
Words for personal views on life, society, world
"Exact a price" versus "extract a price"
Can "whore" mean "to hoard things"?
The meaning of proffer
How to write "calf's liver"  on menu
What is the name of this type of word: "Mr.", "Ms.", "Dr."?
Is "grounds" ever used for things other than coffee?
Can you use the word "transient" as a verb?
Is “I feel like a piece of meat” popular phrase? Isn’t it embarrassing for women to use this phrase?
"Referer" or "referrer"
If you're using a quote with a period but do not want to end the sentence, do you keep the period?
Origin of @name convention
Why it is so important capitalize 'i'?
Is the plural "bosoms" an acceptable word? Or is it always "bosom"?
Why is it “a defeated Napoleon, not “the defeated Napoleon” who rode off the battlefield and into exile?
"Description to follow"
"Whether they are congruent"
Why are "bollocks!" so often "old"?
Correct meaning of paraphrase
"Support team lead" or "support team leader"
Difference between "notable" and "noteworthy"
Proper way to say you haven't met someone
Meaning of quintuple-quote punctuation: '' ' ''
What is it called when a non-verb is used as a verb?
Why did Australian English change from spelling words like 'honor' to 'honour'?
Connotation of "complacence"
Use of "memory"
How much is he keen not to do something when he’s saying “I do never – if I can help it”?
Is there a name for the type of noun is produced by adding the sufix 'ness' to an adjective?
Meaning and origin of "belt and braces"
Different ways to say "you're welcome"
Using a comma — or other punctuation — at the start of a line
What do we mean by "the decision was finely balanced"?
Usage of "than"
Where does the phrase "on the lam" come from?
Meaning of "whiffling and waffling"
Meaning of "cavorting with various women"
"I've decided not to leave A.I. Town" versus "I've decided to not leave A.I. Town"
Can last names be shortened just as first names?
Structure of title
Where and what is the well those cheap drinks come from?
"Canceling" or "cancelling"
What is the antonym of the prefix retro-?
What are the adjective counterparts for "sense" and "sensibility"?
Alternatives to the term "crash course"
What do you call a person who is easily replaced?
Double 'not' in questions - how is it correct?
Using "to fix" as synonym of "to correct"
Is this usage of "now" correct?
Ending sentences with "etc"
Letter-writing tone as perceived by other nationalities
Is "uncomplete" a word?
Comma before "and"
Pronoun immediately following its antecedent
"A number of programs" vs. "several programs"
Origin of "milady"
What do you call the body of water into which a river flows?
A word encompassing both an IP address and the port used?
What are the words that can't exist without their prefix or suffix?
"Into" vs "in to"
"Reseller" or "re-seller"?
Is it always possible to say ‘he was (time) in doing’ instead of ‘it took him (time) to do’?
Origin of "world-weary"
"A wrong answer" vs "the wrong answer"
Is this usage of "woo" proper?
"Software craftsman" as complimentary term for programmer
What does "edgy beat" mean?
What’s “maiden name” all about?
Is there a word for "not pronouncing any r's"?
Capitalize first words in a list?
Use of ' to indicate missing letters/text
Proper Apostrophe Usage with Initialisms: CCS' or CCS's?
Use of "compensate" to mean "help pay cost"
How should I address a professor in the US?
One for the money, two for the show
In reply to "Do they have...", which is correct — "yes, they do" or "yes, they have"?
Why do we refer to the floors of buildings as stories?
Was "oop" really more common than "oops" till 1990?
Does "end up with something" always mean possession? (Harry Potter spoilers)
How did "heart" come to refer to the shape?
Is "am going" a verb phrase?
What is the origin of the term "nose bleed" section?
How to use "my" correctly in a plural possessive?
The structure: all be it rare
How are these Brazilian Portuguese names pronounced in English?
Origin of "spick and span"
Correct usage of "to coin a phrase"
What does "last August" refer to?
Can I use "verbally" in a written context?
Fox News comment on Romney--"self abjination?"
Which one is good for listening?
"Make/do/take/run/keep/give a laugh" — which one makes sense?
A synonym for "go online"
There were ten people, of who/whom 5
Mounted on or in the ceiling?
"List of tasks" or "tasks' list"
Difference between "calculus" and "calculi"
What's the difference between a graph, a chart, and a plot?
One that is holding a conversation
Difference between “thesis” and “dissertation”
Whats in a title?
"Auspicious" vs "auspices"
addressee-new vs discourse-new
Correct usage of "viz."?
Why do we have two words to describe post-mortem medical examination?
Using verb tenses correctly
Using an unrelated "too" before an infinitive
Where did the slang usages of "cool" come from?
Alternatives to "Constructive Criticism"
How to use commas in greetings
Common expressions of surprise in American and British English
"The flowers that bloom in September trala"
What does my coworker mean that our company doesn't support "Comp"?
Can't figure out how to say this sentence
How does one tell the difference between long and short syllables?
"Located in" vs "located at"
What is the correct abbreviation for the word "numbers"?
"haven't" as negation of possession
Is there a term for loanwords that are borrowed back into their original language?
What phonetic notation is Google dictionary using?
How come "John is friends with Jane"?
"In that case" vs "in this case"
Noun for "person with intermediate skill"
Correct usage of "in that"
Is "hooray" generally considered to be onomatopoeic?
Etymology of "nutmeg"?
"Each X" vs. "each of the Xs"
Word to describe a situation which is "untainted" by a character's usual circumstances
"To ride a bicycle" vs. "ride a bicycle"
Why "shrink" (of a psychiatrist)?
How do you parse a sentence containing only "buffalo" n times for different values of n?
Where to use "!", ";", "`"
"Lung/brain cancer/tumours"
What's the word for apparently feeling better when lied to?
What are these symbols called? ~ ` ^
Why do we use plural for indefinite objects?
Is the expression, “the difficulty Perry has had planting doubts” about Romney right?
Respectful alternative to "Madam"
What does Mitt Romney’s “I only spent four years as a governor? I didn’t inhale,” mean?
Addressing a person with "man"
"I was by my friend"
When a foreign word or phrase becomes English
Difference between "remain" and "be left"
Legal name for "individual" vs. "company"
"Search this website" or "search in this website"
Use of "of course" in technical writing
Word for feeling of being used by someone
"X has/have joined"
Phrase for focusing on unimportant details
Etymology of "here goes nothing"?
Is "of" instead of "have" correct?
Why does English have an indefinite article?
What you call the action of when someone does not do something for you quickly?
in case I won't *
Sentences beginning with "so"?
Is the phrase "large number core machine" correct?
Difference between "pull over" and "pull away"
What does the "s" in "thanks" mean?
Word for a piece of a pie chart?
"A half a cup of [something]"
How to use the idiom "in force"
Origin of "good'o"
"Project's status" or "project status"
I need a noun in American English that represents the idiom 'to look on the bright side'
"Dare" with and without "to"
"Talking to" or "talking with"
Is a comma needed before or after "which" and "such as"?
Is my use of "knee-jerk reaction" correct?
Alternative word of extensive/broader experience
You think you're right but you're actually wrong
Greeting for Correspondence to Multiple People
Is there a word for having more than ten fingers?
"Not hindered with any knowledge"
What's an idiom for doing something in an unnecessarily complicated way?
Genderless pronoun?
"n-degenerate" or "n degenerate"?
Is "obscure" the same as "undocumented"?
Correct usage of (n)fold, where n is any integer greater than or equal to one?
Single term to include children from multiple births
Is “the exchange (between Perry and Romney) was not the clear winner” a common English expression?
"X is me" or "X is myself"
English Subjunctive: An Imposition from Latin?
Meaning of the valediction "Yours, &c."
Meaning of "more original computer science"
"It's me" or "It's I"
Whence the "it" in "I like it here"?
What's the deal with wherewithal?
How did the phenomenon of doubling words come about?
"Username", "user name" or "user-name"
Is “There is no sewer one isn’t willing to swim in for one’s master” a popular expression?
"Functionalities" vs "features" - what's the difference?
"The ^ character indicates... " or "The character ^ indicates... "
Are "misty-eyed" and "misty" interchangeable?
How did "Jew" become pejorative?
What is the proper use of the semicolon in nested clauses?
"Initialising" is to "initialisation" as "enabling" is to what?
"Who is" or "Who are"?
"No need to hurry yet..."
Do "You see me?" and "You get me?" mean "Do you understand what I mean?"
"Same to" or "same as"
Plurality of "genitals"
(was + was) vs (was + is)
"Czar" vs "tsar" - origins and pronunciation
Word for "feeling the same as someone"
Why does a difference in spelling exist between British and American English?
Verb agreement with "what"
What do you call the "narrator" of lyric poem?
A phrase like "Good effort!"
What are the names of the pieces of a question mark?
Can "No thanks" be used in place of "No need to say thanks"?
Is it correct to say 'Do one thing' when asking somebody to do something?
Past/Present tense in a conditional statement
Difference between "circumvent" and "avoid"
Word for the person who originally said a quote
What percentage of characters in normal English Literature is written in capitals?
What is a layman's alternative to the IT word "datetime"?
Number agreement of a noun with several adjectives
What does "was born in black and white" mean?
Distinguish "naming" and "telling" part of simple sentence with compound predicate
What is the formal way of expressing 1990s?
How do you format a sentence to avoid or use "to to" correctly?
Expression that means something like "killing the sheep to keep them from being kidnapped"
What do you call the position leveled after Junior, but before Senior in a company?
How did homonyms come into existence?
Is "Monday" a proper noun or a common noun?
What is wrong in "Please don't pluck the flowers" and other phrases used in the Indian subcontinent?
Does "refrain" only mean to choose to do or not do something?
What is the correct way to greet a specific person when only their business title is known?
Were there any other synonyms to "sustainability" before the 80s?
Is there a word for capitalizing in the middle of a word, as in "eBay"?
Can I use an ellipsis before a comma?
What word means "taking something to unrealistic extremes"?
Can one "affect" change?
Difference between "selfish" and "self-centered"
Help me parse this sentence, please?
Difference between "alternate" and "alternative"
When did the alternative meanings of 'beard' start being used?
What is a formal alternative to verb 'toggle'?
"Angry with" vs. "angry at" vs. "angry on"
"Unexplainable" vs "Inexplicable"
"Notepad" vs. "notebook" — what's the difference?
"It's a-me !" -- just an imitation of an Italian accent or something more?
"Calling dibs" - what does it imply?
Title Capitalization Doubt: "If" or "if?"
What would you call 'A person who is ready for support all the time'
What does 'excluding the systematics' mean?
"Today is Joe's birthday" or "Joe's birthday is today"
Why do we call some full moons "blue" when they're not?
Looking for a word for a rodent
What is the etymology of "Mexi-ducken"
What is the English expression for this facial expression?
When saying "nominations are in", what does "in" mean?
What's the difference between a proverb and an idiom?
What is the standard English for “a receipt written in ‘catering short hand’”?
Is there a word for the desire or emotion of wanting to prove someone wrong?
What’s the meaning of ‘go on’ here?
Subsequent, Consequent... Presequent?
What’s the meaning of ‘get ploughed’ in sports?
Which one can be named or acknowledged as the elder brother (sister) between twins who was born earlier and later in UK and America?
The article "a/an" with uncountable nouns
Can ‘them’ be used for ‘their’ in front of a noun?
An idiom for deriving pleasure from another's suffering
'During today' or 'During the day'?
In what senses are 'at' and 'all' used in the phrase "at all"?
Why is "my giddy aunt" an exclamation of surprise
Do "want to" and "have to" mean the same thing?
Is saying "I had a fever" correct?
Should I use `a SSTP` or `an SSTP`?
Usage of "nonviable person"
What's a good opposite of "keep track"?
What does "as you are able" mean?
Scrape Data from Somewhere
What's with the third degree?
Proper way to handle plurals with “whose”
"Coquette" vs. "flirt"
Word for someone who loves to create and organise noisy, lively, chaotic events
An alternative to "stakeholder"
How did "strike" get its baseball meaning?
Word meaning "to make more efficient"?
Response-uncountable?
Does "flattered" have a negative meaning in this context?
"Needs to be X" vs "Needs X"
Using "TM" for trademarked term - every time or just once?
What does "the Gettysburg Address would have stinkethed" mean?
"Major" vs "majoring"
Alternative colloquialism for "Best of both worlds"?
What is the opposite of "Coexist"?
Meaning of "art historical context"
Origin of "stop-gap"
"When did you born?"
What is the verb for the action of a coward?
Plurality of a group also referenced using we/our/us
British English phrase "dot and carry one"
"Forward" as transitive verb
How should "please find enclosed" be used?
Does "up to [date]" include the end date? What about date ranges ("the week of...")?
Is there a verb that doesn't take the participle form when used in Present Perfect?
What is a "hens party" and where is this phrase commonly used?
Is it widely accepted to use ‘gridiron’ as a verb and gerund?
Can "what kind" be plural?
Meaning of Lyrics in "Diamonds on the Inside"
Word for ground-level hotel?
If you call somebody or they call you, what is the name for that person?
Is the idiom "in order" in order here?
Word for "to cheat fate" or "to seize/act on a moment"
Word for "taking advantage of a second chance or opportunity"
Is there a term for it when you use an obviously false statement to highlight the falsity or absurdity of another?
Another way to say "fulfill your dream"
Phrase for action "testing and correcting"
What's the name of this letter?
Term for person who forgets directions or routes
What does 'lump' mean in the phrase 'You can like it or lump it'
"I'm loving" versus "I love"
What's the evolution of the phrase "milk it for all its worth"?
"concern" instead of "business"; "operate" instead of "run"; "one" in front of a person?
father-in-law = step-father?
What is XLNC an example of?
Why is “a” used here: “When a Mr. Andrews, the butler...”?
What does (the expression) "to stir the paint" mean?
"Couple was" or "couple were" getting married?
Word for someone who "sees the best in others"?
Does ‘the moment’ clause always need an unpleasant or surprising situation?
What is the correct syntax for a plural possessive of a word already ending in s?
What's a word for the opposite of Accountability?
Proper English translation for the Dutch word 'welstandsgebied' (roughly translates to 'wealth zone')
What does "c'tee" mean?
Origin of "smooth operator"
Why do drug dealers "move" their product?
Consecutive infinitives
"Compete with" or "compete against"
When referring to a specific war (or other named event), should the word "war" be capitalized when it appears alone?
How to mock the French?
What is correct: "I am an account manager" or "I am the account manager"?
What are the treads on the side of the highway called?
"Checked shirt" vs "check shirt"
"Shepherding" vs. "sheepherding"
Is it a fashion to omit “is” as in “this a problem that can seem unanswerable.”?
Difference in usage and connotation between "attenuate" and "extenuate"
Is there any difference if Peeves said “Not doing anything” instead of “Not doing nothing?
How to interpose cross references to sections in the presentation of an outline
"Indexes" or "indices"
What does "get milked" mean
Where should we use 'has/have been' and 'had been'?
What's the meaning of "to hold it up against" here?
Stock quantity of products — the most proper abbreviation
Short Sleeves or Shirt Sleeves
The powers that be
Think in the shoes of someone
Is there a difference between "treble" and "triple"?
Where did "God helps those who help themselves" originate?
Where did “Cleanliness is next to Godliness” originate?
"My pigs are killing me!"
Why are customers referred to as "users" in software and drug industry?
How should I greet two people sharing the same first name in an email?
How can I describe the use of "you" when referring to a group of people rather than the second party?
How should I capitalize "Clean Up the Tags and Branches" as a title to a section?
Is it okay to start a sentence with a Greek letter (variable)?
What does "Sold On" mean?
"...as you and I am" versus "...as you and I are"
"Disbalanced" vs. "unbalanced"
How do I refer to a word?
Where does 'nom nom nom' come from?
What is the structure in "as best you can"?
What does Albert Einstein’s epigram, “Many of the things you can count, don't count. ...” mean?
Difference between "distinctive" and "distinct"
What phrase is less idiomatic than "softball question"?
Capitalisation of domain names and URLs
What is the collective noun for "clouds"?
What's the meaning of the word "Roger". Over and out
What is origin of the word 'do'?
Verbing, or turning nouns into verbs
What is the word for an unmarried female?
For as long "as" ... ? When is the last as not used? What are the rules?
Can "edition" be used to mean "the act of editing/changing something"?
"Have at it" : what's the object of the transitive verb "have" here?
Is there a word for a "promise breaker"?
What does "praise from Caesar" mean?
Orchestra Without a Score
to locate information
Origin of "Fits [x] to a T"?
Origin/meaning of "burninate"
Most common (and correct) expression for going (driving) past something?
Am I using the subjunctive mood correctly?
What's it called when you make an adjective post-positive?
Usage of "compensate" as a recompense for gain instead of loss
What is the name for the class of computer programs that act as a front end for a database?
Why does "air conditioning" always mean "cooling" and never "heating"?
Choice of words referring to being attacked/assaulted with a glass/cup
Is there a specific word to describe a business legend?
Contraction of "is not"
Replicit? Or a word that sounds like it?
"Has yet to be a total success."
Which is best: "with", "by", or "using"?
What is the third 'quote' (inverted comma) called?
Is "to play with one's feet" usable in English?
A word for a worldly wise person who pretends to be naïve?
Is there a difference between "seemingly" and "apparently"
Are "egotistical" and "egocentric" synonyms?
"Obvious" vs. "Evident"
Stop being so pedantic. Your (what noun?) has no place here
representing to someone
Does "a [x] of [y]" take a singular or plural verb?
A word for 'to exist in the same place as something else'
Why must "not" frequently be paired with "do"?
Start a subordinate clause with "thus"
Is there honour among thieves or not?
posteriori and posterior
"Out of the box" — when should I use this phrase?
Design tool or designing tool
Non-standard "because" usage - is it valid?
"I had John return the video": why do we use "return" instead of "returns" or "returned"?
Is the sentence “It provides people an easy way to communicate.” grammatically correct?
"What exactly" vs. "Exactly what"
What does David Cameron’s “You did Britain a service, and kicked that useless voting system off,” mean?
E-mail signature etiquette with a "With regards," line
Is an ellipsis interchangeable with an em dash?
"Wait on" vs "wait for"
Which is correct: The rest of the staff is or are? The rest of my family is or are?
"Manifest" vs. "manifested"
"Merge a with b" and "Merge b with a" or "Merge b into a"
What is "desysopped"?
Usage of "cowardly" and "coward"
What does the phrase "badly lit" mean?
What's a noun to describe the state of blinking?
Is 1.0 singular or plural?
Must the word after "can" be present tense?
Differences between "propensity", "predilection" and "proclivity"
Why "interesting" is sometimes pronounced as "intra-sting"
Meaning of "On that note" and how do you use it?
Good book on English grammar from the very beginning
What term is most appropriate when describing the infinite space of possibilities created through inductive reasoning?
What is the difference between "inflection" and "intonation"?
"In the year 1769" or "in 1769" in this sentence?
What is the correct pronunciation of the word "route"?
What does “breathe down one’s neck” mean?
What's the noun form of "insufficient"?
What does the phrase "Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish" mean?
words/phrases/idioms meaning either mundane/repetitive tasks, or inefficient methods?
What's the correct grammatical term for clauses expressing the goal or a target of an action expressed in the main clause?
What are the common English mistakes that native Russian speakers make?
Are the rules regarding absolute modifiers too absolute?
Unusual usage of "do" in "do you follow your path", in a sentence that is not a question
"Carrot of profits"
How should you read proper nouns aloud in English?
Noun for "identifying with someone"
Is "many a times" correct?
Meaning of "give someone intuition"
Determining which good sentiment to wish at each holiday
Where does the expression "A little birdie told me" come from?
How to quote multiple lines of verse inline
What is the preferred way to write this type of sentence?
What is the difference between 'Use' and 'Make use of'?
Is there an online dictionary listing words spelled in reverse?
Why is "schism" preferred over "demur" in this sentence?
Send, sent; end, *ent?
Is "will never have been" valid English?
Origin of 'coax'
What does “That woman’s got style” mean?
Meaning of "course of the year"
To pay something (in) cash/cache
Meaning of "data pooling"
Difference in usage between "beware of" and "mind"
Word like "serendipity" but with less emphasis on fortune or development of events
Word like "decadence" for declining skill
What's the meaning of the expression "The take home is ..."?
Does "No more" by necessity imply there was some before?
What is the difference between "pliable" and "pliant"?
How to Say Something was 'Not an Improvement'
Way to do something
What does "persuade you otherwise" mean?
Examples that actually mean the opposite of their original meanings
"Through" or "to" for expression of range
Grammar of "married" in "getting married"
One-word synonym for "key activities"?
Is "you and I" the subject in this sentence?
"Was" or "were" in subjunctive clauses
Difference between 'kindness' and 'politeness'
Should I use a question mark at the end of a question fragment?
Help diagramming a sentence
Word for "credit increase"
How do I use the prefix 'de-' correctly?
"always be" vs "is/are always"
A term for words used out of habit
Punctuating a Sentence Containing a Question
"to like the idea of being able to avoid having to understand something"
Can "already" be used after a simple past verb in American English?
Is there a word for a change so small that it doesn’t seem to be a change at all?
A noun meaning 'not allowed'
Meaning of "I have got..."
The friend who has the same dream
How can I describe someone who changes clothes frequently?
What are the semantic roles of the nouns following the adjective 'suspicious' in this sentence?
Why does Amy say "So needy" in this context?
What does "don’t pave the cow path" mean in this context?
Should "tablet" be capitalized in a school essay?
What preposition should I use before the word “Christmas”?
Pluralizing acronyms: how to?
What does "Every me, every you" mean?
What would you call a person who doesn't like questions being asked of them?
Will my audience understand the phrase "lead time"?
Past Simple and Past Perfect Simple with 'already'
'Plus, ...' or 'Plus ...'
Quotes and Punctuation
When should "Mom" and "Dad" be capitalized?
Understanding U.S. President capitalization
Meaning of "triple up"
sylleptic parentheses
Difference between "valuable" and "invaluable"
Which version of English influenced the other? British / American
The solution to the problem is more complicated than the problem
Term for emergent system with its own logical rules/laws?
Was "baby" originally baby-talk?
Is it correct to say "via a"?
What does the noun "lucker" mean?
Should I use 'whoever' or 'whomever': "I will kill ___ despises me." ?
What does “You should have been christened Eve” mean?
What does "but" mean in "Life is but a dream"?
Morpheme help: How many morphemes does the word "dost" (Shakespeare) have?
When someone says "that explanation was a lot of hand-waving" what does this mean?
Talking out of the side of your mouth
"Awfully" or "awful"?
Difference between a synecdoche and metonym?
Is there a word for the sound that is made after taking a sip of hot coffee/tea?
Are 'upload' and 'download' interchangeable?
Name for a new "ad" entry encompassing buyer requests and supplier offers
Etymology of "ramp up"?
"A variety of X is" vs. "a variety of X are"
Why has Southern US English all but abandoned adverb forms?
What's the meaning of the noun "lucker"?
Change of meaning by replacing "into" with "in"
Is "Here's wishing xxxx" proper?
Antonym of "suspend" as in "Suspend a user account"
What do we call the GUI "box" which groups elements together?
Does "establish" imply a chronological ordering?
Why do we not say "tens of"?
Can omitting -ly suffix of an adverb cause ambiguity?
Origin/reason for the "hit by a bus" phrase
Can "man" always be used to mean both men and women?
Good word for those who give out awards
Origin of "chemistry" in reference to that between two people
Should laconism be favored over clarity?
Correct way to say "km^2"
Word for list of things one does not want
Does "it is entirely possible that" require the subjunctive form of the verb following "that"?
Yoga terms in English and the capitalization thereof
What does “bathe someone in a glow” mean?
Is there a term for words that have identical singular and plural forms?
I can't understand a sentence with "never more ~ than ~"
Help me understand the word 'deflect' in this sentence
How popular is “sine qua non” in English? If I use it in day to day conversation, will I be scoffed at?
Increasingly + positive or increasingly + comparative?
What is the origin of the term "Urban Legend"?
Commas around "which"
What's the verb form of "polymorph"?
"Political magazine" or "politics magazine"
How can I describe someone who feels little or no emotion?
Meaning of "credits"
If I attain a Master's degree, how do I refer to myself?
When to use "verb to be"/"do" in question?
What is the difference of “Has it right” from other affirmative expressions such as “It is right,” “It holds, “and “It makes sense”?
Is this sentence missing a verb?
How to pronounce English names quickly and correctly
Why is the word "is" skipped?
Expressions for 'unclear'
Term to describe generalizations such as "it is well known"
Word for mirror reflecting mirror infinitely?
"To handle certificates is..." vs. "handling certificates is..."
Usage of "will" and "would"
A single word for someone who is quick to hate others
Difference between "publicly" and "publically"
Using "are" or "were" for warnings
What is a better way to name "The Wrong Question"?
Word for outdoor area on the side of a ship
Do the words "peasant" and "pissant" mean the same thing?
If the prefix anglo- means "of the English", what prefix means "of the Welsh"?
Word for "other people who have the same issue/problem as I have"?
Free stuff -  "swag" or "schwag"?
What is the superlative of "fun"?
What's the term when you ask a question which implies a lie?
"Pot calling the kettle black" ... but what if the kettle isn't black (figuratively speaking)?
What is a gentler word than "suspended" or "closed"?
What is the origin of surnames based on color?
Definition of "albeit" and how it's different from "although" (if it is)
"Avenge" vs. "revenge"
Literary technique from quote in Frankenstein
Difference between "leverage" and "utilize"
Is "underlying" the right word?
Soft spot for [something]?
What is the difference between mentor, tutor and professor in a UK University context?
"In" or "at" a performance?
Is Anyone/ Who is used together?
Is "Roach Motel" now an established English term for some kinds of buisiness behaviour?
Use of "so as not to"
What does it mean to be "correct" in pronunciation or grammar?
What does the phrase "enable traffic to exit" mean in the context?
Is the singular "they" acceptable in formal writing?
"Verity" vs. "veracity"
Is "thought'd" Proper English?
What does "You are not Irish" mean?
"Seek his benefit at the expense of yours". How to say that properly?
Why is there confusion between depreciated and deprecated?
how to use verbs
store, shop, restaurant, or branch?
Can I place a sentence between em-dashes? Do I put a period?
Argentine or Argentinian?
Name for a type of idiom with two things joined (like "raining cats and dogs", "bread and butter")
Can I have more than one beloved?
"Unconscious" versus "nonconscious" in everyday dialogue
Who does the verb "argues" and preposition "to" refer to in the following sentence?
Human Face Divine
"What an idiot!" in plural form
What is the origin of 'be my guest' idiom?
“It was great seeing you.” “You too.”  Why not “Me too”?
What other words/terms are used to mean 'sleep'?
Order of words and using of "of"
Etymology of "mullet"?
Weekly Twice - One word
Are the rhetorical meanings of "elliptic", "hyperbolic", and "circular" connected to their mathematical meanings?
What's the difference between "act" and "action"?
Meaning of "to become a staple" and other phrases with staple
Drove my chevy to the levee but the levee was dry
Killer Queen. The usage of noun sequences of length two and more. Ambiguity of nouns phrases in English
Why do we say "of mine/of his" instead of "of me/of him"?
Replacement phrase for "in that"
What is the story behind "Get off my lawn"?
Meaning of "since changed"
Term for law workarounds
Is it common to describe one’s life stage in English, like “Stage III Hemingways”?
The pronunciation of 'interest', which is right?
Is there a word to describe a state of not identifying with any common explanation of God?
Omitting the definite article before "problem is"
Words order in a question
What is the grammatical term for the following idiom?
How obsolete is the word "overmorrow"?
Which is correct, "summiting" or "summitting"?
What is the correct use for "practised"?
"Unsuccess" versus "failure"
What is another word for "boss" for a company with a flatter hierarchy?
What does "I'd be the luckiest guy alive if that did it for me" mean?
What is the term that means "how a noun and verb match"?
Is there any semantic difference between "absolutely no x, except y" and "except y, absolutely no x"?
Word for when someone gets into a job/role due to being related to someone
"There's something wrong among us" or "There's something wrong between us"?
Should there be a comma in "Tell <name> <other name> says hi."?
"Whoever able"?
What is the word for something that is punishable by law, but is not a crime?
Word or phrase for clumsy, inaccurate expression
A word meaning the opposite action of recruiting
Why can "bill" mean (almost) opposite things?
How about 'play cute' or 'play adorable'?
How can I determine the proper stressing of words?
Difference between "social" and "societal"
"Has much nature" or "is very green"
Is there a "correct" way to perform scansion in poetry?
Meaning of the "rupt" suffix/prefix
More appropriate word for a "shape" of environment
What’s the point of the apostrophe of “turned ’round” in a narration?
Grammar–are there any PoS patterns that are incorrect/to be avoided?
Replacement for "brethren" to refer to mostly female group
Is it better to write without contractions? E.g. "cannot" instead of "can't"
Please explain this joke about two nuns in a bath
Contextual meaning of "afforded to"
What is the male equivalent of an alice band?
Are these genuine apologies?
Word/expression for how adults address children
How to abbreviate "and other things"?
"Prove that...." or simply "Prove..."
Is a table of contents an "index"?
Pronunciation of "esplanade" and "promenade"
"Rotate about" vs. "rotate around"
What is the proper adjective for the UK?
What term to use instead of "Company" to represent, well, a company
Is there a name for adjectives that are based around someone's name?
Two translation suggestions: "friend of the people"? "practicioner"?
Is there a connection between "pork barrel" and "gravy train"?
"At least as much as skilled as"
Is it correct to say "times" in this context?
How to say "Thanks for being my friend" for past friendship
Is this an example of litotes?
Why are the "hands" of a clock called "hands"?
Is “non-view” versus view a received English word?
"Game server" or "games server"
Is there a term for a self-fulfilling sentence?
Is it correct to say "…battle between x versus y"?
Is 'Sold Count' a good term
What is a semantic script?
"Menu of services include" or "...includes"?
"Oldest son or oldest daughter"
Does “I’m available” mean “I’m single”?
"Dysfunctional" vs. "disfunctional"
Term for piece of music without voice
"People" or "the people"
Who decides the casing of newly coined words?
Word meaning "compellingness"?
How can I break English L2 pronunciation habits?
What does "tool" really mean?
Word for when a country has a huge rich/poor divide, so people are deprived despite the prosperity
How to speak mathematics
What noun describes a redundant phrase like "temporary pause"?
"Vowels have no attack"
Value (in cents) of big words
Meaning of "to believe the impossible"
Is "burning (something) in effigy" used only for representations, not the actual thing?
Preposition following "estimated"
Specifying a moment in the future when something will happen
Word for opposing sides in a war
Does a word rhyme with itself?
What is "double history"?
Confusion over “family name” in English: What about double-barrelled last names?
Apostrophe after a surname
Is "life is hard without jam" in use?
Is the expression 'more alike' awkward or does it work in an interface?
Is there an idiom for “can take truth unprettified whatever it is”?
Where does the phrase "to get on like a house on fire" come from?
"X and I" versus "Me and X"
I want to say I "re-realized", but not "remembered" and "was reminded"
"Advise" vs. "advise that"
"To be subject to" vs. "to be subjected to"
Appropriate use of "app" vs "application"
Does "pro rata" need a preposition?
Why is "lawyer" widely pronounced "loyer"?
looking for a certain quote/saying about winning, luck and practicing
Word for “all the groups an item belongs to”?
Difference between "on the command line" and "at the command line"
Definition and Etymology of "Diplasiology"
Horse of a different color
What does "Oh my Lanta" mean?
What is a one or two word phrase for "Social Media following"?
Conditionals in the future
Why is "dog" in "underdog"?
What does "Feather your nest" mean?
What is the significance of the “ô” character in “rôle” in this work?
"Kvell" word usage
"To have a run upon it" from “A Tale of Two Cities” by Charles Dickens
Possibilities to combine "drop-dead" with an adjective
“..which did what lay in it…” from “A Tale of Two Cities” by Charles Dickens
How to say "I must nothing" on a t-shirt
Is there a single word to describe a combination of a projected video and a live stage performance?
Combination of similar pronouns (indefinite)
how to interpret slashes?
Word order in imperative sentence
First usage of parentheses or brackets ( and )
What is the meaning of 'SO' in Denali is SO last month?
Female equivalent of "creator"?
"Minutes of meeting" or "Minutes meeting"
"Is someone covering/going to cover this event?"
What did "google" mean in the 1900s?
What is the story behind "a-" prefix / suffix?
Why is there an "al" in algebra?
Article usage in compound predicate nouns
Do Thomas and his friends do anything besides start the rusted wheel of things?
Meaning of "it's the tie to go along with X's tux"
"Toe the Party Line" or "Tow the Party Line"?
Is it acceptable to mix Latin with English?
The use of "exact same"
Does using an adverb three times almost always imply the opposite?
Is “Hissable” a well-received English word?
A single word for this type of question
What is proper use of "coiffed"?
Is it proper to capitalize after an acronym?
A single word describing a person who is impossible to live with
Word for person who doesn't want to hurt others' feelings
What is the opposite of "personification"?
How does the hyphen change the meaning in expressions like "high performance" and "high-performance"?
Is the term "Break Glass Policy" or "Break Glass Procedure" used outside the healthcare field?
Is "Technical skills precisely" appropriate for a list of specific technical knowledge on résumé
Is 'town' or 'Barrie' a proper noun in this sentence?
Can a property be "idiosyncratic to" an object?
Are there only so many state-of-being verbs?
What's that word to describe "technology becoming invisible over time"?
How can I interpret “talk somebody out of” in “He talked the mutawwa out of beheading or lashing me”?
Difference between "normal person" and "average person"
How can I understand "thirty-seconds of a dollar"?
Are all English surnames-made-first-names masculine?
What's a word like "disregard" or "bypass" that means "hides"?
"Aforementioned" or "beforementioned"
What does “Moral luck” mean?
Americans stereotype Canadian pronunciation of "about"?
Should the "half" in "half-Chinese" be capitalised?
Meaning of "surrealistically" in an NYT article
Is "study major subject" correct?
"Poems" or "poetry"
Meaning of "take the way"
What does "growing from strength to strength" mean?
What is an adjective that means a person that easily trusts others?
Word for "Click or Tap"
"One of them was/were you"
Word for the case when something was but is absent now
A person you have a relationship for only business
"Directed at" vs. "directed towards"
Is it appropriate to omit "will not be"?
Meaning of "Monkey still working let Baboon wait small"
X is a choice, not an option
Does "If X discovers that Y is Z" imply that Y is Z?
He didn't go to the store, but to the gym
Meaning based on emphasis
Polite synonyms for "a——hole-ish" behavior
Meaning and usage of "hit the nail upon the top"
Opposite prefix to 'de'
What situation do you use ‘if I need persuading’ in?
Is “It comes with a hitch” an idiom or a simple statement?
What is it called when words are deliberately spelled incorrectly but pronunciation is kept unchanged?
Origins of "aluminium"
Meaning of "No, yes ..."
Harry Potter Half-Blood Prince fiasco
Is Shakespeare proper English?
How do I manage periods for abbreviations with parentheses, right before a period?
Should I say a date differently from the way it is written?
"Vacation days" or "days off"
What is the name of the difference between "doesn't" and "don't"?
Why we say "save file" and not "keep/preserve file"
"What to do when you live in a shoe"
"Made of" vs "made from"
King James Bible archaic style
Relation between "concept" and "conception" 
Word-type in this sentence
What does "programming in a vacuum" mean?
How do I spell a word that sounds like "reh-par-tay" and often used with "witty"?
Using "champion" as a verb
Difference between "election fraud", "electoral fraud" and "voter fraud"
Difference between "extremities" and "extremes"
Is there any grammatical mistake in "web designers and developers required?" 
Applying/earning/validating leave
"Todo list" or "to-do list"
Why sometime we see 'Save As' while sometime we see 'Export' when dealing with file(s)
Can one answer "Have you got...?" with "Yes, I've got."?
Is there a Shakespearean, perhaps even Romeo and Juliet-like quote for asking someone to work out with you?
Is the term "errored out" a grammatically correct phrase, or just a colloquial one?
What's the difference of these words that means "to indicate by signs"?
Punctuating "etc." after a series of questions
Would anyone use "ramp down" as the opposite to "ramp up"
Difference between "fluency" and "fluidity"
Why is a restaurant bill called a "check"?
"Institution" and "facility"
What's a good term/phrase for things of a specific branch everybody should know?
Is the predicative proper in this example?
Should computer game screens show "you lose" or "you lost"?
What word can fulfill the most parts of speech?
What is the etymology of "dewclaw"?
What would you call a person being coached?
“Permission” vs “privilege”
Correct usage of "persons" (vs. "people")
Does use of the term "Gordian knot" imply a heavy-handed solution?
What's the term for when a word is said so many times it sounds weird?
Is "each and every one of you" singular or plural?
What's the difference between pronunciation and enunciation?
Sentences excluding "being"
Why is it "an yearly"?
Word for journey to mastery
Is there a synonym for "defenestrate"?
Is there a better term for 'low-level?'
What does “more cowbell” mean? Has it gotten the currency as an idiom or a buzz word?
Origin of "kettle of fish"
On the subject of "bring up" and "raise"
Origin of "tootsie" or "tootsy" (foot)
Wishing someone good luck in continuing something without yourself without sounding hypocritical or sarcastic
Is “man with the monocle” an established idiom or just a figurative expression?
Multiple hyphens in a word
Plural of "fleece" when referring to fleece jacket
Choosing between "everybody" and "everyone"
Using "if" or not in a sentence structure when expressing doubt
Does a comparative always need to compare with something?
Part of speech for "please" followed by a verb
Why do we use "its" for possessive?
Figure of Speech vs. Figure of Thought
"Doubt" vs. "suspect"
What does "proper" mean in this context?
Is there an incorrect use of "infer" in "Absalom, Absalom!"?
Why "Greater Toronto" rather than "Great Toronto"
"Add number between x … y"
Is "non-freedom" correct?
"Pay attention" vs. "give attention"
Word suggestion for items that can be labelled with a serial number and items that cannot be labelled with a serial number
Meaning of "scour"
Difference between "smart" and "clever"
Meaning of "appeal" and "at the expense of reason"
What does the line, “If there was a mistake made, it was probably ever doing one,” mean, and what is the implication / function of “ever”?
One - does common English usage equate that to "you" (2nd person) or "he/she" (3rd person)?
Is “That’ll” a real word?
When to use -Ites / Ians / Ish / An / Ni / Ese / Elsh / Er
How long have people been swearing in English?
"fluctuates widely" or "wildly"?
Finnegan's Wake: "the least successful of whom was..."
"Times ahead of us" vs. "times ahead for us"
What do you call a definition in which some (but not necessarily all) criteria must apply?
Difference between "he said something" and "he mentioned something"
"For a long time" vs "in a long time"
Are contractions worth all the trouble?
What is the term for police officers in command positions?
What is the "œ" doing here?
Term for reference to ambient surroundings when creating a work?
(I'm not sure) how to capitalize this sentence
What does a "stray evidence" mean?
"Founded on [date]" vs. "Founded in [date]"
Meaning and origin of "eat your heart out"
Usage of "how come" while speaking
Capitalization of German words in English sentences
Using "sorry" to mean "pardon"
How should I understand "turn" in this context?
Is "can't" a euphemism or is it ambiguous?
Meaning of "common method bias"
Meaning of "move out of a walk"
"Four window layout" or "four windows layout"
"Sour cream" versus "soured cream"
Origin of the phrase "drink you under the table"
"Gamers of platform" or "gamers on platform"
Is there a single word that can describe something that breathes/produces fire?
Is the word "management" singular or plural?
Is there a word that means the opposite of "to capitalize"?
Proverb: "have fate without destiny"
What is the name of combination, in error, of similar or related words? (E.g.: segueway) 
Do you use "pore over"?
What word would you use to describe someone who tries to one up everything you say?
What do you call a person who deems themselves unworthy when given criticism?
What does "drawn" mean in "Hung, drawn and quartered"?
Is "adorable" used to describe an adult?
What is the meaning, or fun of the pun in the line, “H.D. was the youthful butt of excruciating jokes, or eggscruciating yolks”?
What does "nothing could be further from correct" mean?
Difference between "advantages of a car lease" and "car lease advantages"
Is "fasciae" related to "fascism"?
 How to use "social disparity"
"Take a degree" or "do a degree"
Why is there a fly in my pants?
"Through" or "throughout"
Comma placement when using quotes that end with a question mark
What is an onomatopoeia for heavy breathing?
A saying indicating how some professionals don't apply their skills for themselves
"Welcome to Q&A for ..." or "Welcome to a Q&A site for ..."?
Which was the first dictionary and how was it decided which words went into it?
Use of "save" or "save for" in sentences
What does "F" mean in "Mushrooms 3.94 F" of my grocery receipt?
What is the exact meaning of “It’s better to be lucky than good”? How popular is this adage?
Where does "for good" come from?
Which is the word that means neither "believer" nor "atheist" but somewhere in between?
What's the origin of 'ditzy'?
Do you find somebody something?
What is indeed the "first known use"?
Use of "promise", "guarantee", "swear" and "assure" for future and past
Is "a very good read" grammatically correct?
Meaning of "plastic value"
"The" for laying emphasis
"I think that ... not ... " and "I don't think that ..."
"Deliberate recluse" or "deliberately reclusive"
Using "should be" meaning like "will be"?
Why is “stuck in a rut” different from “stuck in a groove” in meaning even though “rut” and “groove” are akin as a line of track?
Is there a term for using a word twice in a row, but in a grammatically-appropriate way?
Somebody/someone gets/get *
"We help consumers pay less" vs. "Helping consumers paying less"
Word for "to make changeable"
"Nowadays" vs "today"
"ng" in "wrong of me" pronounced [ŋɡ]
Is there a season's greeting for Halloween?
Is there a word that encompasses the concepts of cursor, caret, and selection?
How to describe the smell of fish
Why is there a period after the roman numeral in a royal title?
"Haven't you?" or "don't you?"
Antonym of verb “holster”
What is the gender of an aircraft?
"Supposed" versus "expected"
What does "non-normative" mean in this context?
Is "at a time" correct?
"You have hidden a request sent by ..." versus "You hid a request sent by ..."
Why does the incorrect plural "aircrafts" seem to be occurring more often?
Contextual meaning of "run out of"
What does a single letter "J" mean in emailing?
How to interpret "as do" in this sentence
What is the sponsored party called?
What does Herman Cain’s “Bull’s-eye” exactly mean? Is it simply “a scorched black hole” or “a hole of bullet rightly hit on the mark”?
"Son-in-law" or "son-by-law"
Two single word (if possible) each to describe two different Leave types
What does "quick parts" mean?
More formal way to say "just in case"
Which does ‘rising’ here mean, to stand up or to get angry?
Word for application that is both sender and receiver
"If I was"/"If I were": what's the right usage and why?
What is the person called whom you give a recommendation?
Is "spatial contiguity" a pleonasm?
metaphor(ic) Vs idiom(atic)
Adjective for thing you do for others
Single word meaning either "liked" or "disliked"
Meaning of "Ain't Seen Nothing Yet"
"In regard to" or "in regards to"
What does "better-tailor" mean, used as a verb?
Word order, e.g. in "Hotel California", "Brothers Quay"
Infinitive without "to"?
Why do people say "next Tuesday" for the Tuesday falling in the same week?
Cases where "mistake" and "error" are not interchangeable
Where did the idiom "anally retentive" originate?
What's the noun for typical human behavior in a disaster?
Any other good way of saying "Happy Birthday"?
Another word for Short form and its Long form of a word
Opposite of "most recently"
Difference between "Warm regards" and "Best regards"
What does the single letter 'P' in email mean?
Can we use "RSVP" interchangeably with "RRSP"?
Is the expression "blocking point" correct?
Good websites to help improve usage of prepositions
What is the implication of Herman Cain “tried to parse the meaning of “settlement” versus “agreement”?
Word/phrase to mean something that just happens once
Closed -> Closure, Open ->?
How to best express synchronous/asynchronous in layman's terms?
Englishman or English man?
keeping maiden name after marriage
Can the word "that" be used to refer to people?
"Write in the language you are writing" or "... you are writing in"?
What's the difference between "debate" and "argument"?
Usage of "note (bill)" and "banknote" in AmE
Where does the phrase "the bee's knees" originate from?
Why we say "an historical" but "a history"
Why does “His to lose” mean “He will (most) likely win?
What's the tense for repetitive past action?
How to ask "nth time" of something
What is a good word to describe 'exceptional positive' research work?
Word that means "periodically purged" or "cleansed by fire"
Pronunciation difference between "collar" and "color"
"If I knew you're coming I wouldn't have come"
Term for assistant of assistant manager
Is there a word better than "exotic" to describe languages that are little known and little studied but have many speakers?
Origin of "eye teeth"
Is saying "candor and honesty" grammatically correct?
Antonym of "insightful"
How to punctuate a quoted question within a question?
What is the difference between "accumulative" and "cumulative"?
Tense of "lie"/"lay" in a clause
Equivalent for "inhumane" in regard to animals
Origin of the idiom "If ifs and buts were candy and nuts"?
"Let's/We let A be a variable"
Proper use of "vernacular"
Opposite of "summary"
Word meaning not knowing when to stop
What is the most common pronunciation of "Sandra" in British English?
Idiomatic idiosyncracies
Difference between "so", "very", "extremely" and "really"
How to pronounce @[name] on Twitter?
Is it correct to say: "A, B, then C" instead of "A, B, and then C"?
Addressing a senior female in formal mail
"Documents" or "document"
Is there a word for "a person who hardly understands things"?
Alternative word for "flame"
What's a non pejorative way of saying that a woman is bigger?
Hypernym for "audiobook", "podcast", "speech", etc.?
Idea project or ideas project
How to check phrasing and word choices?
Is it correct to say: "I would do something, be it me"?
Difference in meaning between "on his job" and "in his job"
Verbs for "lexicography" and "cartography"
"Dad's corner" or "dads' corner"
Is there the gerund of the verb "can"?
Are there clear differences in formality of words between British-English and American-English
Origin of "fat lot of good"
"I think ..." or "In my opinion..." or "From my point of view..."
Proper grammar regarding "write only" or "only write"
Why is it "Do a Barrel Roll" and not "Does a Barrel Roll"?
Starting a cover letter with "By this letter,…": correct?
Is "over-exaggerated" correct English?
Why we capitalize all race names but our own
Is "reblog" a word?
Is there a word that means the results of a test can only be positive or inconclusive?
Is this a correct use for semicolons?
Are "reckless" and "feckless" synonyms?
History of use of the term "organism"
What is the best antonym for "Approve" in the context of approving a business-related application
Use of dash in a sentence
What determines the meaning of ‘rise’ with no adverb or preposition?
On the expression "the poverty and lack of opportunity"
Origin and variations of "being handed your hat"
Is there an English grammar equivalent of the Italian "complemento"
Meaning and usage of "be of"
Plural or singular in "between the negotiated and fixed rate(s)"
"When it comes to" and "with regard to"
Word for going crazy
"Agree" vs. "concur"
"You aren't in" vs. "You're not in"
What does "duly" mean in the phrase "duly noted"?
Meaning of "lethuel" (an occupation)
Is there a phrase to describe two people who love each other, but are too afraid to show it?
Synonyms for "palette"
Vernacular use of "Are we taking him in?"
Did the word "evolution" exist before Darwinism?
What is a good antonym for 'one track thinking'?
Closest in meaning confusion
Word for "completely fascinated"
Origin of "to see it through"
Antonym of "highlight" (as in highlight of the movie)
Is the correct phrase "free run" or "free roam?"
What is a "commodity" when referred to as an adjective to describe a particular object?
Is "bolded" a word?
"Save up to 50% off"
Antonym of "faction"
Would 'determine' or 'decide' be more correct when talking about a target audience?
What is the correct punctuation when quoting a question in the middle of a larger sentence?
Past tense of "mind" in "mind your own business"
Word for viewing angle
Antonym of "phobia"
"Raspyness" vs "raspy-ness"
The comparative of "environmentally friendly"
"I ain't got no money"
What's the verb for making that "pffft" sound?
Is it correct to say "correct A to B"?
Use of "brother" in non-family and non-religious contexts 
What does it mean to be "in the Elks"?
Indefinite Article Preceding Noun "Wind"
"Currently, sales report .... " vs. "Currently, THE sales report ..."
Is usage of "near to" wrong?
What is an appropriate abstraction which encompasses both 'receipt' and 'invoice'?
What's a noun for a cause of a bad effect?
Is there a U.S. equivalent or version of the Plain English Campaign?
What is the name of a pick-up-sticks or jackstraws pile?
Word for logical fallacy of including a debatable proposition in a list of truisms
Sentence Construction: "Just Because ...... Does Not Mean"
Proper use of possessives
Where do the idiosyncrasies in the spellings of English words come from and why do they survive?
Analysis of "It is like a dream come true"
Is there a better word than "just" for describing the recency of an event?
"An awful lot": Any negative connotation?
A single word antonym of "absorb"
Where does the pejorative meaning of "shower" come from?
Why are "connection" and "connexion" both used in the same work?
Are 'dysfunction' and 'malfunction' complete synonyms?
How do you pronounce "Git"?
Have you not had lunch yet? Yes
Why isn’t “disharmony” spelled “*dysharmony”?
Is using the word "singular" to describe someone or something unique an outdated adjective?
How to properly use "reference database"?
Word that means "Something only a philosopher would argue with"
Is "Please be reminded to ..." a valid construction?
"What's the problem with you?" vs. "What's the matter with you?"
Is there an antonym for the word "Behold"?
What does "Easy peasy japanesey" mean?
Parsing  a complex sentence
Aeronautical equivalents of the nautical terms "port" and "starboard"
Difference between "technical criteria" and "functional criteria"
What do you call the interconnecting bits of a puzzle piece in English?
The correct syntax for "I/We remain" at the end of the letter
Who first used the term "bit rot"?
Term for the type of audible reaction typically written as "heh" or "hmph"
Does the word "peoples" exist, and if so, when do you use it?
What term can I use to express the delay between two connecting flights?
What is the plural form of "weremoose"?
"Sick and tied" and "sick and tired"
When did things like ‑fu start to spread?
What is the origin and prevalence of the term "server" meaning "wait(er/ress)"?
"Prefer tea to/over coffee"
First syllable of "gravity"
What is the etymology of "bugger-lugs"?
"Answerer" and "asker"
Spoil/Spoiled Vs. Indulge/Indulged
Any synonyms for "left" and "right"?
What is the etymology of the adjective "bumper"?
Looking for a technical term that goes hand in hand with the strategy used in the joke
Is "elder brother" implicit in "brother"?
What is the subjunctive mood?
Why are there multiple prefixes for the same root word?
Is it appropriate to omit "to" after "ought"?
What is the meaning of "in the realm of"?
What’s the difference between ‘as much, if not more, than’ and ‘as much, if not more, as’?
If one says "Amid much fanfare", what does he mean?
English country houses
Why and when did 'hendiadys' change from its original 'hendiadyoin' spelling?
What is a collective term for castles, citadels, forts, palaces etc.?
A word for an object that contains two evolutionarily related objects
"Facade" vs. "façade"
What is the origin of the word "latency"?
Different meaning of "looks good" vs. "looks well"
How to describe changing status of object
"Amendment" or "Addendum" for book correction
Is 'compatriate' really an English word?
What do you call the time period between notification of an event and the event?
What is the likely definition of a women's "'health' west" from 1891?
Why "off" in "off to the sides"
Synonym for "Social Program"
Word for “watched” videos and “read” articles
Origin and meaning of "Hello the fire!"
Pronunciation of "McLeod"
Word for partner you are living with but not married to
Word for houshold activities
Word for "letter or letter-like character"?
Posting a letter and sending it via e-mail
Synonyms of "that's it"
Word for "little insect"
Origins of the phrase "How killing!"
‘Not as simply’ versus ‘not as simple’
"How much is/are the two fares?"
Many more vs much more / many fewer vs much fewer
Is 'unwind' an appropriate term for describing the shrinking phase of a recursive process?
Indefinite article doubt preceding "one-to-one"
What are initials?
What is the adjective form for "edit?"
What do you call a man who knows well how to fix his household appliances?
Does "gay" necessarily mean male homosexual?
What is the meaning of "If the way Thou choosest, Lead to pain and loss"?
"You know more about this than me/I"
Should it be "one", "ones" or "one's" in a company's slogan?
Romney claims that China likes to "flaunt the rules"
Irregular verbs in English
False premise request
Is there a concise word or phrase for the action you perform on an option to remove the others?
What is the word for "idiosyncrasies of a specific group"?
"Neither is" or "neither are"
"Catalogue" versus "catalog"
What does “be at it” mean? Is it an idiom?
"Position" vs "location"
Meaning of the phrase "take a pass on yelling uncle"
Word meaning "the act of intending to do nothing"
Is "home goal" an eggcorn of "own goal"?
Word for a yes/no question that's more to elicit a longer response
Using the comma as a list of things vs two related thoughts
"A Smith & Wesson beats a straight flush"
Meaning of "That is not anything much yet"
What is the plural of "Santa Claus"?
Should initial e's after h-dropping be capitalized?
Why bread crumbs and not stones?
Numbers and units
How to treat a country name that has a plural meaning
Difference between "Excuse me" and "Sorry"
"Spontaneous", "voluntary" and "involuntary"
Is it considered proper English to say "You best be..." or "You'd best..."?
Word that means "reduce to unique parts"
Is “Lend a cachet” popular phrase?
Synonym of "incorrect" with as little negative connotation as possible
Why are bacteria referred to using botanic terms (flora, blooming)?
When proper usage impedes communication
What are representative examples of exaggerated simile like “I never in a million years thought I’d see this.”?
Is "Windows-based PC" a correct term in American English?
Word/phrase for parent whose children have grown up and left home
Difference between "always" and "all the time"
What's the opposite of "envious"?
How to use "prospective offer" in sentence
Why is "bloody hell" offensive or shocking?
Representative as in for contracts
What is a question with multiple answers called?
Is 'pin-up' considered to refer specifically to glamorous/sexy images?
Is " .. the war on drugs has not, and cannot, be won." correctly punctuated?
Meaning of "go speeding past"
Meaning of "experience pertaining to computer science and diversity"
What does “It’s sorta meta,” mean?
Meaning of "court" in "court languages of Latin and French"
If parentheses close the sentence, where should period be?
How should I say the "relationship" between the professor and student in America?
How to count "Chinese yam"
How different is “Be rid of somebody” from “Get rid of somebody”? Are they interchangeable?
Answering with "Let's!" or "Let's go!"
Antonym of "extol"
Meaning of "it takes a measure of doing"
Words for distinguishing between published/official papers and unpublished papers
Standalone usage of "tid" from tidbits
"Duffel" or "duffle"
Is there a word for the person who hides truth in order to deceive?
Genitive case or attributive noun
Using the apostrophe when referring to a group
Use of "some" in "some kid in the classroom"
"Draught" or "draft"
Term for bowling alley machines that fix pins
Word for top and bottom of range
What alternatives are there to 'de-facto?'
"That is" vs. "i.e."
superlative + -ing participle + noun ok?
Is there a better alternative for this question?
Is the meaning of "support" in "<product X> supports <feature Y>" commonly understood?
"Supreme court" vs. "highest court"
Is there a word to describe the situation where you call someone and hang up so they call you back?
Do people's names have meanings in English?
What does "keep the black dog at bay" mean?
The opposite of "crash" for a stock?
"To buy a bed with" vs "to play a ball with"
Word for a false definition used for comedic effect
The origin of binary "image"?
Word for person who "scrapes" website content and reposts elsewhere without attribution
What is the origin of “call a spade a spade” and does it have racial connotations?
Longest English word without a vowel sound
What does “Japan-lite problems” mean?
How did the silent 't' come into all these 'tch' words?
Meaning and origin of "at bay"
Measurements without a dimension (raw number)
Do "download" and "upload" only refer to networks?
"Haven't you got X ?" or "Don't you have X ?" 
L versus LL in British versus US English
Difference between "response" and "reply"
Differences between "tutorial", "guide" and "how-to"
"In the comfort of" or "at the comfort of"?
The confusion you suffer when tasting something familiar but unexpected
"Me and my wife" or "my wife and me"
What is a term describing offensive word replacement with made-up slang?
Is it correct to use "got" when expressing the simple past tense in British English?
Correct word for a design in progress
"People survived" vs "People were survived"
What is the preferred plural form of "bus"?
What's the pro and cons of using "though" at beginning and at the end of a sentence?
Contracted dates
Meaning of "Ship it!"
Placement of comma before quotation mark
How do you refer to grouping numbers in lots of 60?
A term for providing irrelevant and hiding relevant information
Word for "personify" when you're talking about an animal
Verb for "recreation"
Name for words that are counterparts to each other in some context but not antonyms?
Which usage of the word "Gravity" came first?
Why can’t one be “trepid”?
What are "coherence" and "cohesion" in text linguistics?
"Please would you take the television down?"
What is the word for unconsciously blocking out background noises?
What are the syllabification rules for English?
"Free bacteria!" on mineral water bottles
"Try not to" vs "try to not"
What is the term which encompasses accents, umlauts, etc?
Difference between "reflection" and "reflexion"
Which is correct: "What kind of CDs" or "What kinds of CDs"?
A word for the feeling of falling
Meaning of "take the lead out"
Are "power" and "clout" perfect synonyms?
What is the "not only ... but also" sentence pattern called?
What do you call second-party quotes within a quote?
Difference between "goal" and "objective"
Any other way of saying "blah blah blah"
What's the word for a specific kind of inhalation after crying?
Equivalent of homonym for terms and phrases
How to say in English that I am going to test a given Unit from a student's book?
How should one properly construct compound nationalities?
When your 10-year old boy says “It’s meta,” what does it mean? In what situation and of what sort of object they use this phrase?
Difference between "personal goals" and "Long/short-term objectives"
"Key thob" and "key fob"
Term for animals that live under water
Difference between "classical" and "classic"
"Benediction" vs. "blessing"
How do I quote nonconsecutive lines from a poem?
What would you call a person who is always confused?
"See you Monday" vs "See you on Monday"
"How did I do this" or "how did I do that"?
Use of "submitting" or "submit" in sentence
Plural nouns in nominal compounds
Why don't Americans write "devor" instead of "devour"?
What is the meaning and origin of "set-piece battle"?
Use of different tenses to express present fact on past action
"Bash" vs. "party"
Antonym of "recommend"
What do you call a member of a staff at a university?
A question of informal punctuation: How do you correctly end a sentence with 'haha'?
How did the use of "could of" and "should of" originate, and is it considered correct?
"I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream"- Is there a term that describes this 'word play'?
When are the phrases "in motion" and "in movement" used?
Word, phrase, or idiom for minor, annoying, but ignored breakage
Reference for oral expression of mathematics
How can I translate the words for the two types of bathrooms found in Russia into English?
"Told" vs. "said to" somebody
How do you pronounce "cURL," the computer utility?
Who will say “Age before beauty” more often? Man or woman,  young or old?
Synonyms of "caveat"
Is "sans" a drop-in replacement for "without"?
Is there a term for authorial name expurgation?
A term for "Groceries, toiletries & Conveniences" everyday products
Correct punctuation before a name or list of names
Is 'on an annual term' the same as ' on a yearly basis '?
To determine if or to determine whether?
Meaning of "Which two of the following...?" versus "Which of the two following...?"
Is there an alternative expression for 'opening band' or 'opening act'?
Formally introducing yourself in an email
What is the difference between "knickers" and "panties"?
What do you call a person who doesn't pay attention to the principles of ergonomics?
What's the semantic difference between "overrated" and "overvalued"?
Is "by personal circumstances" correct?
Dropping the subject from sentences
What is the equivalent of "Jack o'lantern" in British English?
Are "academic society" and "industrial society" correct?
What's the antonym for 'word'?
Difference between "proscribe" and "prohibit"
Must conditional sentences begin with "if?"
The use of "not" in a sentence
Alternate database term for variations in data?
How did 'sanction' come to have two opposite meanings?
What is the origin of "bite me"?
Evolution of 'deign' and 'disdain'
Synonym for "ad-hoc" that conveys rigor
Citing editor's footnotes in MLA style
Meaning of "renaissance loser"
Should one stick to American style of placing punctuation marks within quotes if one uses the American spelling?
Adjective of "heritage"
Using "now" when talking about past events
Where does the phrase "get a bye" come from?
Term for administration of a university
Enamored of/with/by
Word for people who believe in a higher power that is not God
Origin of distinction between "one" and "a/an"?
When a car stops working, is it "crashed" or "broken"?
Difference between "take off", "take from" and "take out"
Is there any difference of meaning between “take aim at” and “turn its sights”?
The word for "?!" or "!?"
Is "I'll when" proper form?
Video, picture, or image?
Which word is the closest in meaning to "insouciance" in the given context?
What does “touch off a scramble” mean? Is it an idiom or simple combination of “touch off” and “a scramble”?
Origin of "good night"
Difference between "constitution" and " structure"
Differences between e.g., viz. and i.e
Term for pleasure or joy obtained on top of others' misery or unhappiness
Do I need to add "to" in every clause in this sentence?
Can the preposition "in" be used instead of "for" in the following sentence?
Can the "don't" contraction be expanded when used as a command?
More terse form of "the topic of which was"
What does it mean: "Of no mean beauty, ..."?
Can I use "but" at the beginning of a sentence?
Synonyms for "to place on top of"
What does “Don’t leave your brains at the door,” mean? Is this an idiom, or just frequently used phrase?
What is another word for 'all round' capabilities?
Why is it "grand theft auto"?
Adj + Noun + Verb to be + Same Adj
How to say email "mis-sent" in a business manner?
What emotions do :3 and :S convey?
Request for an idiom (if any) or an expression that describes the following phenomenon
Were emoticon-analogues used in the past?
Difference between "outfit" and "costume"
Whether an omitted "that" should be replaced with a comma in certain situations
Term for guest’s obligations to host
What is the word for "making something proper"
English Subjunctive
Best resources for word popularity
'Drop us a line' - letter or phone call?
Word for "number of times a value is copied"
Singular or plural verb when pluralisation is used in parentheses
Term for check-in location
What word best represents "academic status"?
How to use "summers ago"
"Bride" is to "bridal" as "groom" is to …?
Keep myself right on this train
Are 'probably' and 'actually' mutually exclusive?
Meaning of "due" in "when my second child was due"
What is the correct title for someone who gives podcasts?
Synonyms for "old" with positive connotations (and some conditions)
Capitalization: when does a phrase become a proper noun?
"Philippines" vs. "Filipino"
Verbed color names and "-en"
Onomatopoeia in "O madness of discourse"
Origin of "Too Clever by Half"
Term for type of mask
Is "heinz sight" an eggcorn of "hindsight"?
One-word synonym for "to ride roughshod over"
What is the plural of 'sorry'?
Plural of "copula", does "copulas" or "copulae" sound more professional?
Parse tree of "the ports of Santo Domingo and Cartagena in present-day Colombia"
Differences between dialects
Does the sentence, “Lots of twilhearts went to the movie” make sense? If it does, what does it mean?
Adjective for "choosing not to speak"
Merging words into one. When is it allowed?
"Did what I say/said make sense to you?"
Word for situation in which there is no alternative
"That ... is" or "that ... be"
"How long do we have?"
"In/on the App Store"
"Seeing visions" versus "having visions"
Difference between "peddler," "beggar" and "hawker"
Can “thanks in advance” be considered rude?
An alternative to quotation marks
31th or 31st is correct?
What is the acronym for a minor in a subject at a university?
A rude equivalent to a "TV box" term
Is "camp" short for "campaign"?
What’s the right term for "expensive things that have no real use"
How popular is the word “cromulent”? If I use this word in conversation with native speakers, doesn’t it look out of place?
Are there different noun forms of 'complex' and 'complicated?'
Are "rescind" and "undo" synonyms?
Is it offensive to call a Jewish person a "semite"?
How should I use "eponym", "eponymous" and "namesake"?
A word for an experience that must be lived
Differences between "just might" and "might just?"
How to work something
Can one preposition directly follow another in a sentence?
Is there a word that describes when you are unable to remember the word you want to say?
What colloquial word is used when you don't remember a word but you want to use something for it?
Is it right to say "Thank you" in the response of "Thank you"?
"Blue sky thinking" phrase
What are general rules to form this superlatives: "adjective + most"?
Are there differences between "all-day lunch" and "all day lunch"?
Why was the Bletchley bombe so called?
How many articles should go in "Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!"?
Can you grammatically end a sentence with "with"?
Collective word for food and drink
Can you call someone who chooses to quit his/her study in college an alumnus?
What is the male equivalent of "mistress" in formal English?
What's the correct word to use in order to prompt the user to enter the data in a computer app: "Enter" or "Insert"?
Is there a word or phrase for 'shared accountability that leads to collective inaction'?
-ed and -ing adjectives
term for "finding correct solution by excluding wrong solutions"
Use of "it" and "its" for people and animals
Where does the phrase "fit to be tied" come from? Has its meaning become diluted?
Use of “conscience” as verb
Another word for return undamaged
How to describe a person who loves a very cold environment (below 20°C/68°F)
"Compared with it", is it correct?
Word meaning "before sleeping"
"Gnashing teeth" - why only teeth?
Independent clause markers
Are people using 'of' differently today than they were 20 years ago?
How to describe a person who loves normal room temperature that’s 79 to 84 degrees?
Should I greet my customer at 6pm with "good evening" or "good afternoon"?
Describe someone who stays "True to themselves"
Would "Greetings" be a better word to greet someone any time than the word "Hello"?
Is "Fade in" an idiom around authors?
What word describes people who attack those doing the same thing as them?
Is there such a term as "dinner box"?
Origin and pronunciation of "Thawte"
Word for feeling conflicting emotions simultaneously
"Forgotten" or "forgot" as past participle of "forget"
What is the meaning of the phrase 'listing off'?
What does "no less than" mean?
How to properly use brackets and articles when the article is changed by the bracketed word?
Should I say "have a good night" at 5:00 PM?
Passive of "tried to eat"
What literary device is being used here?
Difference between "banner" and "flag"
"It isn't" or "It's not"
What's a more formal name for a "third" party?
Visit of, to, or at a research department?
Where should I place the adverb?
Has there been an interrogative word to ask for a quantity or amount?
"More twisted than a neurotic pretzel"
Is this correct grammar — "which feature in C/C++ don't you like?"
What do you call a person who gets hungry easily?
Beg to differ - Why is there a need to beg for differ
Is there a difference between "assistant manager" and "manager assistant"?
Is there a difference between "cash paid" and "cash tendered"?
What do you call a person who loves to sit in front of the computer?
Is there such a sentence — "I do what I am"?
Is there a collective term to describe "coffee" and "tea"?
Is the word "Ambivalent" = "Ambiguous"?
Can I say "What you are saying is ‘pants on fire,’" when I don’t trust what my elderly friend says?
What type of phrase is "done"?
Drink/eat off/from/in a cup/bowl/plate
Which one is correct "You heard it correct" or "You heard it correctly"?
What adjective describes incorrect assumptions?
What does "living the first line of my obituary" mean here?
Phrases that would be similar to "Tip of the Iceberg" but with a positive connotation
"How large is your hard-drive" vs "How big is your hard-drive?"
"Are they American?" or "Are they Americans?"
Expression for temporarily moving into a another place
Is "banned from the airways" an eggcorn or malapropism?
When should I use "corpuses" over "corpora"?
Anglicization of diacritical marks and non-English letters
"that" or "this"
Is there a word or an expression that describes the bad mood caused by bad weather?
Is there a word to describe an irrational demand?
Are there any online dictionaries that allow you to link to a single specific definition of a word?
The <noun> of <noun>
"For IE (to) render them"
How can I describe a person who does not get to the point?
What does "above" mean in this context?
Common expression for "frame conditions" for a working concept/process
What is a more formal way to say "Don't get me wrong"?
What is the uncontracted form of "won't ever"?
What does it mean "It is hard to get by just upon a smile"?
"To market, to market, to buy a fresh pig" vs "To the markets" valid English?
Are the names of game tokens capitalized?
How to say "possibility at maximum rate" correctly
Meaning and usage of "It's in that vein"
Word for the product of a challenge
Did I "get" (or "take") my degree "from" (or "in") the University of Somewhere?
Word for "library staff member"
“The world is not dangerous because of those who do harm but because of those who look at it without doing anything”
Meaning and usage of "Adjacent to refuse, is refuse"
Usage of "East Indian" to distinguish from "Native American"
I don't want to be repetitive. How can I replace 'I teach English' or 'I give lessons in English'?
Website giving pronunciations of English words recorded in different dialects?
How do I say something "contains a lot of content" using a single word?
"Highest building of/in the world"
"Is there something wrong?" or "Is there anything wrong?"
How do I reject an offer?
What do British and American post boxes say when they don't want any advertising?
What's a word for avoiding a question with a generic (fake) answer?
Origin of "In which ..."
What is the proper grammatical terminology to describe this parenthetical remark?
Is “workingest” used as often and casually as “hardest working” and “the most hard working (or industrious)”?
How different “inflection point” is from “turning point” and “diverging point”?
Correct capitalization for "of" in an acronym definition
Should you say RIP when you know someone commits suicide?
What is a difference between "what if" and "if"
Word for one who does not eat onions
Is there an English word for the Japanese オブジェ?
"At that school before"
Why use 'being' in this sentence?
Prepositions used with "impact"
Origin and meaning of "strealish"/"streelish"
"Sign in", "signin" or "sign-in"
Do I draw a line or rule on a paper?
Is there a difference between "Joe said" and "said Joe"?
Is there a single word to express the idea of "remove from existence"
Meaning of "thespian pin"
Prepositions for "Wednesday night" and "the night of Christmas Eve"
How much time must elapse for an item such as a book to become classic?
Meaning of "club"
Justification of "more perfect"
"This paper" vs "That paper" in an abstract
"Bad with something" or "bad at something"?
Is this right "People must vote for someone to be executed"?
Use of "separation of church and state" in non-Christian countries
Is there a word for a rookie computer programmer?
"Graf" or "paragraph"
Not "schadenfreude", but related?
A science-verb? Sciencing?
Would the word "dehumidifier" be another word for "heater"?
When to use inverted word-order like "great an option"?
To retroactively create?
Correct capitalization of words beginning with "e-" (for "electronic")
"Alphabeticalized" or "alphabetical zed"?
Why does one "laugh to see a pudding crawl"?
Present perfect continuous and "for"
"A begs B" or "A begs for B" when we mean that A asks for B
Is there a hidden meaning of "swinging the club"?
Is it appropriate to use a hyphen in compound adjectives?
Can "x-percent in savings" mean "an x-percent savings rate"?
What do you call the sound produced when baying?
Is "A Project Guide to UX Design" correct grammar?
Is the inversion in “Let’s see ʜᴏᴡ ᴄᴀɴ ᴡᴇ do this” an error for “Let’s see ʜᴏᴡ ᴡᴇ ᴄᴀɴ do this”?
What kind of rain is "sprinkles"?
What is a less restrictive word for "crucial"?
How to distinguish the pronunciation of "year" and "ear"?
What word means "inspire towards action"?
Construction of to cheat
Which is correct: "I bought it online/offline"
What is a word for "about to burst out laughing"?
"He cannot be reasoned with"
What is the male equivalent of "damsel"?
Most accurate word for coercing an action or behavior from someone?
Word for person always after what he does not have and not cherishing what he has
"Are you sure sure" — is this repetition grammatically correct?
Rules for 'no' and 'not'
compare and contrast, comparison and?
Why "an FT op-ed"
Difference between "spicy" and "hot"
What does “pass over somebody for the nod” mean?
What does "there, there" actually mean?
Capitalization of a noun that has be made definite
Can a word that sounds the same as the way it is spelt be an initialism and an acronym?
What does “I can just about stand learning something” mean?
Difference between "random want" and "whim"
When does a comma change the meaning of a sentence?
Why is a w a "Double u", but an m is not a "Double n"?
Can you find a noun for the word "diminish"?
What do you call a disk drive that is not solid state?
Is a film actor a "thespian"?
Is there a term that defines nostalgia for something you've never experienced?
"Dichotomy" but for three
What is a less offensive synonym for "hypocrite"?
Why is "that" used here?
Emotions: "running high" or "riding high"?
Is micropreneur or micropreneurial correct as an adjective?
What does "drop the beat" mean?
Where does 'cooling your heels' come from?
What is a word for the art of making watches/clocks
Where can I read old English text with new English explanations
I want to buy something, but don't have enough money on me
Dictionary program/website that has IPA+recording for as many words as possible
Meaning of "handbags" in the context of a fight
Difference between 'later' and 'later on'
"Would have had to have been" vs "would have had to be" for past event conditions
Difference between "read", "scan", and "skim"
Wishing luck to third person
Softened pronunciation of consonants, such as "t" or "s" followed by "y"
Is it incorrect to say, "Why cannot....?"
Is this a proper usage for a semicolon?
Is it wrong to refer to 18:00hs as "eighteen hours" while in a 24-hour clock country?
Is ”Have you got paper?” a well-formed question?
"The service is temporarily unavailable" vs. "...not available"
'Next Monday' or 'on next Monday'?
How common is "What happened?" when asking people to repeat what they said? How long has this been in common usage?
Unreal situation in the past
What do you call a person who is willing to be a reference for someone?
"You can add more at the end of this list BUT before making a new entry make sure its not already present"
Is insurance coverage that you won’t “see a dime” a frequently-used English expression?
"Human touch" or "humane touch"
Why is 'sheep' the same when talking about one or more than one?
Short antonym for 'professional'
Add-in, addin, add-on, addon
Good English expression for sorting this between ourselves?
Do idioms pose an exception to normal definite and indefinite article usage?
Mixing present and past tense in a report or public announcement
What is the difference between "definite" and "definitive"?
What is the most effective single word to convey the concept of a phrase's meaning being "lost in translation"?
History/Orgin of "troubleshoot"?
How do I ask the question "Where is it made?" or "Where is it made in"?
Examples of spoken phrases where the tone used changes the meaning
What is the opposite of “patricide”?
... browsing in/from?
Feeling of losing one's love
Is there a formal term for "snail mail"?
What does "animal" mean in the following context?
A word to refer to both physical objects and conceptual ideas
Can you chain / combine contractions in correct English?
What is the metaphoric antonym to “paycheck to paycheck living?”
Origin of the phrase "for the win"?
What does the phrase "You're out of your element" mean?
What is the proper convention for writing onomatopoeia?
How do you say "come a long way" in one word?
Plurality of data
Difference in meaning of "frustrated at" and "frustrated with"
"There are a couple of apples" or "there is a couple of apples"?
"Iran diplomats return to heroes' welcome"
What is the origin of using the term "lease" to signify a financing agreement with option to buy out an asset, as opposed to simple rent?
Word for inaccessible neighbour of a node in a graph
Is "pseudonym" used for names other than authors'?
Pink Floyd's "steel breeze"
Is there a phrase to say that someone's hidden intentions are revealed in his/her talk or movements?
How do you pronounce 'Pall Mall'?
"That said" vs. "That being said"
"Authoring" versus "Writing"
Can I leave out the word "of" in a situation like "all of his works"?
British Railway Stations - How do Brits read railway time tables?
How to understand "It takes a little bit of getting used to the idea..."?
The name of my toes
Difference between "engage" and "hire"
“Everything is not…”
A negative person
Using "of" and "about" interchangeably
'Tenure' vs. 'tenancy'
When can a comma be used before the word 'and'?
To put more "weight/power" into a conclusion
What does "with a thing for" mean in this context?
What does "let's go with that" mean here?
'became' vs. 'become'
"As a(n) X", followed by a statement not from the perspective of X
Adjective pluralization
Using ellipsis to indicate a pause in conversation
Tuques and dialects - What do you call a knitted cap in your region/dialect?
Why is stainless steel "stainless"?
Isn’t the expression, "I'm not inclined to be a supporter of Newt Gingrich's having served under him for four years” confusing?
What would you call a person who is not a student, but takes interest in exploring academic topics?
Is "once you stop to think about it" ambiguous?
Why is it usually "friend of his", but no possessive apostrophe with "friend of Peter"?
"Rather quite" or "quite rather"?
What do you call a man who desires to have a lifelong, non-sexual but intimate relationship with a woman?
Capitalizing quotations with initial omission?
"Sound engineering"
Precise meaning of "Last N days, weeks, months or years"
Academic way of saying "On the other hand"
Adjective or adverb describing promotion of self or group one belongs to
Usage - lone lonely loner
Can alumnus be used for both men and women?
Difference between 'play you' and 'play with you'
A generic term for both fast-forward and rewind modes?
Are there any words I can use to disambiguate "biweekly"?
When should I not use a ligature in English typesetting?
Is there any difference in meaning between 'efficacy' and 'efficiency'?
The meaning of "to cut the biscuit"
Alternative to "Merry Christmas"
Fallacy vs Misconception vs Misnomer
Are dependent subclauses allowed in the middle of sentences?
Plurals, Possesives, and Proper Nouns ending with 'S'
What is the difference between "none of ..." and "neither of"?
Which flavor of English (British vs. American) first had standard modern spellings?
Should it be folk or folks?
For what verbs is there no difference between 'has ...' and 'has been ...ing'?
"Timeboxing" versus "time-slicing"
Text vs. audio representations of words
Is there any difference between "has gone" and "went" in this context?
Is this considered grammar?
did <verb> and <verb>
I want to murder all humans
What is "Theodical" disappointment?
What will happen if I say to my boss, “"I'm not going to kiss your ring and I'm not going to kiss any other part of your anatomy."?
comparative construction used with pronouns, especially 'her'
How to say "She/He is my girlfriend/boyfriend" without the possessive "my"
"Differentiating", "distinguishing," or another word for "that helps to tell apart easily"?
Ways to say "lose money in investment"
Is "a ways to go" grammatically correct?
What is the origin of the idiom "Hong Kong dog"?
What to reply to a person saying "Good Morning" when my time zone is different?
"How are you" in America
Is there a consensus usage to refer to the contents of linked text?
What is the inverse term for a proxy?
What does "to become controversial" mean?
Is it true that you are supposed to put two spaces after the end of a sentence?
Is there a word for a non-geek?
Can I express future action without the exclusion of former activity?
Synonyms for "Needs some attention" and "getting attention"?
What is the difference between optimal and optimum?
"The contents are" or "the contents is"
Use of can't/cannot to indicate the opposite
Should I use the so-called Oxford comma, or not?
Neutral term for a person in the same organization
"Bear market" / "Bull market" : what relationship those animals have with economy?
"Grit" vs "gritted"
Are published books to be considered an official reference for spelling?
Is "wtf" an abbreviation or a euphemism?
Parenthetical pluralization of words ending in '-y'
"How does this proof/prove that ..."
Is there a single word when the clock hands meet?
"Lunch" vs "luncheon"
What makes a word offensive?
"Stumble" and "tumble" 
What does "it is not an option" mean?
"In all events" as opposite of "in no event"
How can I call these symbols in English?
"Making casts of the melted spaces"
Asks a question; never responds to answers/comments
Is "constringence" a word?
Using "any" with positive sentence
Passive clauses without auxiliaries
Why did "insofar" become a word, not "insofaras"?
What is a noun modifying clause?
Is there a name for the phobia of not having access to the internet?
"Interested" is to "interesting" as "curious" is to what?
Is "most part of" plural or singular?
Term for space in a bank where tellers work
Meaning of the phrase "squeeze water from a stone"
Is "[I am] possessed of impeccable grammar" correct, idiomatic, or ironic?
Is there an adverb for "simplified"?
Is "Cost savings" a singular term or plural terms?
Do you use "pick nits"?
Citing a book where no formatting of text is possible
Is "looking to" acceptable English in this use?
Is "must" ever grammatical as a past tense verb?
Noun describing one who "acts on emotion primally"?
"Call on" or "call at" or something else? Which is appropriate?
Usage of the word "behoove"
Meaning of "Rubber stamp"
Does one capitalize "communism" and "communist"?
How can I properly ask this question?
Is "Beginner" a measurement of time, or skill?
Difficult and rare words/expressions that never show up in vocabulary lists
Finding a suitable English translation of "An old donkey pulls all the weight all alone"
all days vs ever day and all persons vs everyone
Definition of "Degree Objective" in Personal Statement
Alternative term to "Blacklist" and "Whitelist"
How to phrase a sentence with reference to "Least Superlative"?
"Is this genuine?" versus "Is that genuine?"
Is there a single noun that describes "need not"?
Verb form of "likely"
"I'm not sure what the right way is"
Term for relationship to cousin's child
Clarifying the usage of "hella"
Is it a common way to use “heartland” as in “give a heartland shout-out / comment to somebody”?
Etymology of "hell." Possible link to Norse mythology?
Can “stemwind” be used as a verb?
Grammatical explanation of "what the blank"
What does "intellectual fit" mean?
Is this grammatical? "Each method has features in which context to use it."
Footage shot in advance
What does "Shaking an idea" mean?
Consonant transposition: Why is "Wednesday" pronounced "Wensday"?
Percentages of meanings in an English dictionary
Significance of BrE vs AmE in the US
Intolerance and Bigotry
"Newly found" vs. "New Found"
Word for someone who sleeps during the day
If enough people start using a word contextually wrong when does the word's meaning change?
What is the meaning of "way better"
"Translate into" vs. "Translate to"
Is there a comparative form of the word "different?"
Dialects where days of the week end with "dee"?
What does “run on a ticket with somebody” mean? Is it a well-received English idiom?
Academic experience VS Research experience
what's the meaning of "live-code approach"?
"We are all just prisoners here, of our own device"
Grammar of 'dare' in this example
Post-fixing or pre-fixing "mind you" onto an informative/descriptive statement
What are the reflective thingies called in English?
What's the origin of the phrase "what have you"?
What are the rules for preposition use in Canada, England, US, Australia, etc?
What does 'under subsection' mean in the following clause?
How to use "distinguish" in this sentence
Is ‘12ers’ well-established alias for 2012 Presidential candidate?
If a high attrition rate is observed in a workforce, how do you state it as a characteristic of a generalized individual? Highly Mobile?
Is “a pile-on” in “This week’s ad wars in Iowa presage a pile-on” used as an objective or adverbially?
What is the word for the high-pitched "sex sound" a woman makes?
Preposition used after "do"
Usage of the definite articles with personal names
More formal word for "mover and shaker"
What does it mean to "drink a lot of haterade"?
What does 'after commencement' mean in the following sentence?
"Past" or "passed"?
"Assign a variable to a value" or the other way round?
The verb "to get" + particle ...?
Addressing Professors: Between Dr. and a hard place
Word for people who buy things because they are more expensive/ for the brand
What's the meaning of the word "brand" in the expression "brand new"?
How can I express "sacrificing ease for quality" in a common expression?
What is the plural form of "SMS"?
Synonym for 'arrive independently' at same solution
Grammar: 'dangerous to' or 'dangerous for'
Synonym for "heavy use"
Image in article
What word should I use when I want to say someone said?
"Fixed" vs "fixes" when things are already done
Members’ Benefits vs Member’s Benefits
Intonation in the phrase "How are you?"
"Dead simple.." vs. "Really simple.."
What should I call a place that sells "street food"?
What is the origin of the phrase "Top of the morning to you"?
Is there a term for preloading video?
Word for "food only partially eaten"
Single word for people who are like "a frog in the well"
Can you outfish, out-fish, or out fish someone?
Which form of a verb should I normally use after "what you have done is"?
A word to describe the color of hair that is nearly jet-black, but slightly brown?
Difference in meaning in "insulation" vs. "isolation"?
Read, write, speak and?
Sentences ending with both a colon and a question mark
What does "I must have you dance" mean?
What is the etymology of "fanboi"?
Is it okay to say "Yes you're." instead of "Yes you are."?
Subscriber is to subscription as provider is to ...?
Equivalent word for 'Unfriend' on Social media sites?
Is "vice-versa" to a dyslexic just plain redundant?
Original use of kosher in the English lanuage
Use of the word "referable"
Is there such a thing as a "pre-anniversary"? Or a better word?
Proper translation/explanation for business sector, business field
Difference between "pain" and "ache"
Can I say "He is at graduate school."?
Can I use "better" as a verb?
Which one is correct? "Explain me" or "Explain to me"?
"Director at", "founder of". What is the correct usage of "at" and "of"?
Someone who stubbornly refuses to talk
What's the name for those times when your attempts to get a task done right eventually get you to momentarily perform increasingly worse?
What would be the proper writing of head-end, as a single word or two words separated by comma or space?
What is the proper emphasis for the word "indent"?
Combination of independent clauses containing quantities
Where does the phrase "dead simple" originate?
"All but convinced" as a way of saying that one is, in fact, convinced?
Origin of "Well, well, well. What do we have here?"
What's with the 'heigth' pandemic?
Which preposition is used for the subject "school"?
"An" average of vs. "The" average of
Paucity of words for relationships
Usage of "insomnia"
Why is the "s" in "island" not pronounced?
Is it correct to say, "Will you do it or NO?"
Why do we spell "eureka", not "heureka"?
Can "And so?" serve as a request for completion or continuation of the thought? 
When to spell out non-alphanumeric characters?
Are software titles italicized?
What does "A mile wide, an inch deep" mean?
Why is there no consistency in the plural forms of words ending on an "f" (e.g. safe, roof, dwarf, etc.)?
There is no headache strong enough, that a good coffee won't relieve
An expression for law students using "tuppence"
How do I hyphenate an open-form compound word with another that should be hyphenated?
Are all these prepositional phrases equally correct?
Do you want choice A or B? Yes!-- Is it wrong to answer with a yes when given two options?
Is there a one-word English term for the day after tomorrow?
Quotation in sentence
"Concerned of Tunbridge Wells" - what is the etymology of the name?
Byron and 'Eureka'
What is the antonym of "boldface"?
Is the use of dependent clauses undesirable? (in scientific writing)
Term for "soft hate"
Neutral synonym for "leaderboard"
Should an ending semicolon be underlined?
What do ‘it’ ‘on’ ‘off’ mean in “it’ll be on with the old Invisibility Cloak and off to find out what he’s –“
Does the conversational nature of email allow us to begin sentences with conjunctions?
Is the sentence "There is a large number of labourers who want to migrate to Japan for work." correct?
"It's working for me": correct?
Is it OK to say "recurring again"?
What does “Somebody just can’t bake the cake,” mean? Is it a popular phrase?
What possessive pronouns do have an apostrophe?
Why is "de facto" often written in italic?
Looking for a certain word
What's the difference between "judicial" and "juridical"?
"How-to" or "how to" in reference to tutorial
Looking for a word which means "relating to the order in which things are written down or expressed"
What's the best way to write a reported question?
What's the term describing employer-employee and similar role relations?
Meaning of "float a deadpoint"
Proper term for people from eastern Asia
Is "embiggen" considered a formal or slang word?
"Describes me to the 'T'" - why not the to the "E" or some other letter?
What term is used for the closing of a letter?
What is the adjective for the attitude displayed in this situation?
Does the comma here draw special attention to an additional fact?
A proper name for Microsoft software
Term for something that appears complex but is actually very simple
Plural of "talent"
Is it proper to have consecutive adverbs?
Word for the building/structure in which primates are kept
Word for hope-instilling?
Use of the adjective "spurious" to indicate properties of that which flows from a noun
Pronunciation of "Porsche" over time
Word meaning "absorbs everything around him"
Shorter word for 'Settings'
"To do this or do that" or "to do this or *to* do that"?
What does “There’s nothing bulldog about Britain” mean?
Is there a word for a 60th of a second?
Should my child's name contain "Inn"?
What does "call past" mean?
Can one compensate down? Is that an appropriate use of the word compensate?
Etymology for the phrase "butterflies in stomach"
What's the meaning of "lapdog"?
What does "apostrophe s" stand for in "What's it all mean"?
What does the "work" part mean in the following English words: network, clockwork, etc?
Past simple with today
Single word meaning "pregnant woman"
Is "nuancedly" an existing word?
Stabbing and running, how are they related?
"nibble" vs. "nibble on"
Do British speakers have problems understanding Jamaican speakers?
Proper capitalization of commonly used acronyms
I <verb> and am <rest of sentence>
Use of "deadpool" as a verb
Is there a single word meaning 'to grow and flourish'?
British slang for "being reassigned to the unsophisticated and remote regions or villages"
Can the feminine pronouns be gender-neutral?
How to spell "the youzhe" as in the abbreviation of "the usual"
Is there a single word for "copied & pasted"?
What is the difference between "English" and "British"?
What is the social context of "pizzazz"?
How to correctly express volume units
Is it reasonable to use "by so far"?
Is “At the foundation of everything good is (the cause of goodness / success) a popular idiom, or just a set of words?
Can the word "orbital" mean expensive/high?
Why is the word "before" vanishing from common use?
"In person" equivalent for inanimate objects
What does “load the case” mean?
If trinity means 3 in one, what's the word for one in one, 2 in one, 4 in one, 5 in one?
What's the difference between "It won't be soon" and "It won't be soon enough"?
Can “whose” refer to a first-person subject in the third person?
What does "You might want to put 30% down for yourself" mean?
What tests are used in order to determine the number of syllables in a word?
What does the most common usage of 'Korea' mean in modern-day English-speaking world?
Is "shvisle" a real or made up word?
"My love don't cost a thing"
Negative questions vs positive questions
Which of "calf's-foot jelly" and "calves'-foot jelly" is appropriate?
What is the sound of nails scratching a chalkboard called?
Spaces after periods in abbreviations
What is a verb for "the usage of an angry tone of voice"?
What is the equivalent of "dead tree copy" for CDs?
"Experienced" vs. "seasoned"
recommend you + to-infinitive vs recommend that you + infinitive
Comma after introductory phrases
"so that" + present/past tense
What're websites I can search/request native speaker to speak some word?
What is the meaning, and origin, of the phrase "breaking windows with guineas"?
Could you elaborate how to use the pattern adjective + to infinitive?
The difference between "to" and "too" explained for German speakers
What is a "Norman genitive"?
What is a "cracker-barrel sage"?
What does "shades" mean?
Is there a word that means "make someone (or something) redundant"?
Are heteronyms unique to English and why do they exist?
What is the difference between "grammar" and "usage"?
Can I say “on the credit side” in place of “on the positive side” or “on good part”?
What is a synonym for a casual hiatus?
Verbal equivalent to Flesch Kincaid
What do you call Xo-Y words? (ex: Judeo-Christian)
What's the meaning of "in addition to" in this context
How old is the expression "as if"?
Differences between "sledge", "sleigh" and "sled"
Should there be a preposition between "at a loss" and the following question word?
Why/When need some kind of short spelling or pronunciation?
What part of speech would "color" be in, "Mercury is the color red"?
Which one is the correct phrase, and why?
Can tag lines or headings for technical documents be a juxtaposition of words?
If I write two phrasal verbs with difference prepositions consecutively, can I omit the first preposition?
What should one call his or her mother-in-law?
What is another way of saying "how" in a question context?
Cottage Cheese: So called to differentiate from "expensive" cheese?
How to describe someone who often has his own idea and judgment
When is "marked" pronounced with 2 syllables?
How do you make a word like "parent(s)" possessive?
Can I write different spellings of the same word in the same context?
What is the origin of the rule for omitting the suffix of a hyphenated word?
Regarding the "i" in "think" vs "bit"
What's an example of good style for an "if/then" statement?
Subjunctives and "am"
Does Santy (Santa) exist outside Ireland?
Should "office mate" be one word or two?
"Difference between" multiple choices (vs. "among")
When phrases with the same words are combined by "and"/"or"
Positive euphemisms for desert?
Italicization of "aka"
Term for people who don't joke at all
What adjective would best describe this difference between two doctrinal stances?
Grammatically and meaning of "He has started feeling the heat of the chill"
"To run a search" vs "to search"
"Who is one to believe" or "which one to believe"
Can vowels be combined in English without forming diphthongs?
Is there a specific word for describing a person who gets lost easily?
Should "Good Morning" always be used as the first greeting of the day?
How should I understand "short of " in this sentence?
Correct word choice for "get a new subset from set"
"Versus" versus "vs." in writing
Is " ... and was wondering ..." correct?
To avail oneself of an opportunity
Origin of "come in handy"
Deconstruction of the phrase "some variety of" to refer to a single type or class of object
Usage of the word "meet"
Capitalization of "guest of honor"
"Idealistic me decided otherwise"
"I can have had been"
Is "a software" really never correct?
What do you call moving a word to change a sentence's meaning?
Expressing the concept of "spreading oneself shallowly" in English
Generic way for writing about person without knowing his/her gender
Hypernym: Word that means 'window' or 'door'
Adjective describing possession by someone else
Word for first sale of the day
"Through difficult to defeat"
Correct version of "arrive"
How to refer to the original object from which a model is created
How should I understand "beckon" in this sentence?
Is there a word/term for a "super-contraction"
Can "to revolve around" mean "to deal with/pertain to"?
How do you pronounce numbers written in different bases?
"It" vs. "this"
Is "post-apocalyptically" a valid word?
Single word for "crucial, but often overlooked"
Difference between "delete" and "remove"
Is there an English idiom for 'your silence implies your consent'?
What type of variant is "protection" when compared to "protect"?
"Writ large", "Writ small", and others
Adverbs, prepositions, nouns, "home", and "about"
Compound adjective "free-molecule" vs. "free molecular"
What's the difference between "stall" and "stall out"?
How should I understand "a hundred years on" in this sentence?
Usage of 'never had before'
A word to refer to people who are self-taught and/or start working without even going to university?
When the reader sees the words "foreshadow" or "omen" does it usually mean good things or bad?
Pronunciation of "status", "bomb", "database" and "Wednesday"
Question mark when ending sentence with "I wonder"?
Term for second hand dealers
Difference between "measurement" and "measuring"
Differences between "stupid to the last drop" and "stupid"
Meaning of "whoa"
"In the wiki" or "on the wiki"
"Helping you do something" or "Helping you to do something"?
When was the word 'being' first used to refer to a human being or sentient being?
Can "eventually" be used for the German "eventuell"?
Proper usage/origin of the generic phrase "[action phrase] does not a [noun] make"
Can we use "original" to describe an idea that is "less" original?
Using the gerund "Starting"
What is the pronunciation for the word 'pluriharmonic'?
"Order of magnitude" for changes in prefix
Is there a name for the assumption that people in past ages were less able to reason?
Why do we say ‘I have "a" husband (wife)?
Correct form of a chapter reference
Synonyms for 'conference attendees'
How to pronounce "s" at end of word when next word starts with "s"
What is the verb form of 'to apply sequins to'?
Usage and acceptability of the word "queer"
Should I capitalize a contraction at the beginning of a sentence?
What adjective would you use to describe someone who uses the right vocab consistently?
Adjective for the likes of someone who consistently has a hard time finishing what s/he has started?
Why do we use 's when not abbreviating is/was?
"Take a rest" or "have some rest"?
To acknowledge or clear an error condition?
"But (something) instead" versus "but instead (something)"
Where did the second `L` in alright go?
Why the letter "g" discrepancy between *giant* and *gigantic*?
Do Americans "gee things up", or is it just a British usage?
"Don't mistake me"
Name for an inexact abbreviation
How to describe someone who doesn't listen well
Why is it “Merry” Christmas, but “Happy” New Year?
Origin of "hike" in American football
Meaning of "nulled" in reference to software
Is the term 'Occidental' still in common usage - or is it a legacy of a bygone age?
What's the meaning of 'out' when it comes after a verb ?
What does "Paramour in waiting" mean?
The state of being a member of something
The plural of "people"
Better words for "buff" and "debuff"
Is it correct that "etc." can not be used together in a sentence with "for example" and "such as"?
Does this type of grammatical construction give an ambiguous meaning?
Full of (piss|pith) and vinegar
Meaning and origin of "That dog don't hunt"
What is correct in English - "I am sorry it took so long" vs "I am sorry that it took so long"
What is the etymology of "flabbergasted"?
Noun for both false positives and false negatives
Using "about" to specify a quantity
What is the difference in meaning between a "variable" and a "parameter" in a given equation?
What's the meaning of "draw" in this context?
Are there any Ramadan greetings?
Different pronunciation of /iks/ in "excuse" and "sixteen"
Word for listening to a single song over and over
What does “Work on your issues” mean?
What's the difference between "awesome thanks" and "thanks very much"?
The Jackass Syndrome
Is it "convince someone to" or "convince someone of"?
A better way to say 'every arrow in his quiver'
Collective noun for "facts"
Word meaning "not normal, but relatively normal in context"
How to interpret the meaning of "I am surprised that..."?
No-nonsense grammar exercise book
"to throw someone something" vs "to throw something at someone"
"Plan not to retire" or "Plan to not retire"?
What is the meaning of 'mental yoga ' in this sentence?
Using "I do web and graphics" instead of "I do web and graphic design"
is "You Worry Not" a correct phrase?
Is there any difference between "true" and "real"?
Is 'that is' optional?
"And to you" or "you too"?
Can I say “the Iowa caucus result may ‘tip Newt Gingrich off’ GOP presidential ticket”?
What does 'prime' mean in this sentence?
A proper name for an official letter stating that somebody works at a specific company
what does as many as (two hundred pizza) mean?
Is the sentence "We're done" grammatically correct?
Infinitive form in reported commands
Add more adjectives to "[noun] is both [adjective] and [adjective]" structure
How should the year be capitalized?
Opposite of acronym
Why pool of processes?
Usage of "kick in"
Isn’t something missing in the sentence, “Best for a mom with years of child rearing ahead to cut her losses now.”?
Meaning of "to charm the skin off a snake"
How to name a date that is half a year after the date of an important or special event?
What does "no break-in required" mean exactly?
What is the single word that describes a person who always gossips?
"By a certain route" vs. "via a certain route"
Is it correct to say "one year up in India"?
"You need to undergo the medical tests within 6 months from the departure date"
Is there a rule for the pronunciation of words with the suffix -ative?
Time given to fix the problem
The rise of "all of the"
What are the rules for the use of words that have a variant ending in -al?
Is "po-TAH-to" an acceptable pronunciation for "potato"?
What does “a body gets stuffed in the closet” mean?
'phenomena' as singular: usage
What does "instagram" mean?
How to refer to a period of time?
After losing weight, how do I say I can wear my belt tighter?
What does "let it bleed" mean in this context?
What does "the need of the hour" mean?
"As to" vs. "that"
Does one run or stand for election?
What is the difference between "I can't get any sleep" and "I can/'t get no sleep"?
Do people who metathesize "ask" do it to other words as well?
What dialect is this man speaking?
What are some phrases used to notify the speaker that you're still listening?
First usage of "get a handle on it"
"It is having time to think that makes me depressed" — grammatical function of "that"?
Origin and meaning of the American 1960s slang phrase, "bread is"
'Should've seen it glow' or 'should've seen it glowing'?
What phrase is used for computer scan distortion like in funhouse mirrors?
"Thou hast cleft my heart in twain"
Multiple plural, any rules?
One-word nouns for preferred time slots in a timetable
What are the open rooms called in business environment?
Antonyms for "extempore" — speak without notes
"Fez" or "Tarboosh"?
Is this type of distinction proper?
Must present perfect tense be used if the action takes place more than once?
What can I call a person who directs traffic?
Is heart-rendering correct?
Implied meaning of "patriotism"
"Could you please" vs "Could you kindly"
Different way of writing "attackable" and "repairable"
"Institution", "body" or "organ"
Is this usage of "know to be" correct — "They want to eat food they know to be good for them"?
Can you 'agree' with something in varying degrees?
When to use plural of "archipelago"
Pronunciation of "a"
Is there a word to describe mature or adult plants?
What is the meaning of "ought not"?
Is the use of "who" correct in this sentence?
What do you call bags for sorting travel stuff?
When did we start talking about "going viral"?
"Two substances with plasticizer contents of B and Z, and C and Z respectively"
What do you call users of your software?
The term 'vocal fry': where does it come from?
Etymology of the term "curse words" and "swear words"
Are commas properly used in "He who can, does. He who cannot, teaches."?
Is the word "granular" a synonym for the word "specific"?
What does ‘play a blinder’ mean? Is it a popular phrase?
Precise definition of "wear [something] lightly" wanted
How to pronounce the "v" sound?
The meaning of the phrase "make-believe"
"Down" in "hung down the front..."
Negative of "shall"
If a statement is in the present perfect, should the tense be repeated in the next question?
Why is it a school/shoal of fish, dolphins, porpoises and squids for example, but rather a pod/gam/herd/mob of whales?
How would I call a surface of equal energy?
The position of "strong enough" in "there is no headache strong enough"
Do "thereafter", "ever after", and "ever since" mean the same?
Why do some people say "Happy New Years" with an "s" at the end of "years"?
What is the correct conjunction or punctuation for the following sentence?
Why do we use plural when we say "blow someone's brains out"?
Does this sentence require the pronoun 'they'?
What does a person “with about two dollars to one’s name” mean?
How can I write a given date in an abbreviated form?
Is an article acceptable in those sentences?
Ending punctuation of "How are you"?
'Repeat the year' in English is 'redoubler une classe' in French. Would it be possible to say 'redouble the year' or 'redouble the course' in English?
How do I say 'people insist on' in the passive voice?
When is Mr/Mrs appropriate?
Is "doesn't count for squat" an impolite phrase?
What is the right phrase describing a meeting in school with parents?
What would the job title be for someone who organizes parties?
Not so much as [something] as [something else]
Why no Future Perfect in "At the end of the year there will be an exam on everything you've studied"?
Why do we use the plural "heads" and "tails" when describing sides of a coin?
Does "smug" imply anything about correctness?
Is it impolite to say "me" first?
How to punctuate an embedded quoted question within a declarative sentence?
What does humor-challenged mean?
What does 'condescending' exactly mean?
Is there a word that means "structure and function"?
Why do people pronounce "Naomi" as "Niomi"?
"Mic" as an abbreviation for microwave
What is the difference in meaning between "proposal" and "proposition"?
What is the difference between "brain" and "mind"?
Hypernym for "approve" and "reject"
Another word or term to describe 'Not correctly and properly maintain for quite a long time'
Word for a person who often visits night clubs and bars?
Is preposition required before 'yesterday' in certain cases?
"Go XXX" or "go to XXX"
Meaning of "best among the worst"
Term for spelling out letters with your body
"Do (the) dirt(y) on/to you"/ "do you (the) dirt(y)"
Is "hell of a" positive or negative?
"Attendance at" or "attendance of"
"Report by" or "report from"
-ness suffix etymology
"What not", "what have you" and "so on"
What's a good synonym for "unwantedly"?
Which dash should be used to indicate "None", "No Answer", or "Not Applicable"?
Why "lemon" for a faulty or defective item?
Do you capitalize a quoted word at the beginning of a sentence?
Is there a single word to describe a "young wizard"?
Plurals and possessives of quoted words
'Artisanal': what is its modern cultural history?
"Plural" is to "pluralize" as "possessive" is to...?
Is "I just spent all my money" grammatically incorrect?
Is "uncollaborative" a word?
Words containing 'unimp'?
Affirmative reference for the origin of “caucus”
When did "gay" become associated with homosexuality?
Why "Speak of the devil"?
How do you properly follow a subjunctive with a related statement?
Is it right to say "Is John lie?"
Subject + "have had" + bare infinitive ... ever correct?
Is there a term for words that are sounded out initialisms?
Past tense of "backup"
"Combination" versus "Amalgamation"
Pluralization of acronyms ending in 'S'
How should I use deprive?
Why is it "materials science" instead of "material science"?
Does "I want to bid farewell to you" imply the giving of a farewell party?
Word for contrasting aspects of a work
Is "Linux-dependent" right?
Syntactic problem with Wh-questions: grammaticality
Are things embedded in a "bed"?
Looking for a grammar book
Can a non-literary object have a "subtext"?
Is it correct to omit number suffix on dates?
Does the word "Edition" go with the word "Summit"?
Should the word "Gentile" be capitalized?
Meaning of “panegoric”
Antedating preposition 'following'
Is "Country(ies)" on a form label correct?
Is it possible for a new irregular verb to appear in English language?
What does "our Mayan moment" mean here?
Is there a synonym for "satisfied customer" or "one who can testify"?
Looking for a single word for 'almost real in appearance'
"Money quote": Phrase Origin, metaphors involved?
Would the adjectival form of "on the premises" be on-premise, on premise, or on-premises?
Synonyms for multiplexing and demultiplexing
Word for child talk
When a dagger is used to indicate a note, must it come after an asterisk?
Use of "pence" to refer to sum of money
Is "I hear you" impatient or sympathetic?
Is "civillians" correct?
How does one deal with one word in parenthesis at the start of a sentence?
Should we include or leave out the preposition "on"
Can the word "footing" be used in regards to an inanimate object?
Can 'nothing' ever be preceded by a plural verb?
Using "nor" in a list without "neither"
"Aren't I" vs "Amn't I"
"Until" and past perfect
The implication of "turn the mattress"
What is the meaning of "He did not have that gift with her"?
Does the phrase "out of one's mind" mean beyond one's average level in this sentence?
"Hypothesize" vs "postulate"
What's the correct way to write "foodservice"?
"If you or your colleague has" or "If you or your colleague have"?
What does "tell us know what you think" mean?
"Catch" vs "Take" a Bus/Train
What does the word "momentarily" really mean?
Meaning of "dress style"
What's the difference between "efficacy" and "effectiveness"?
When to use "click" and "click on"
Verb corresponding to schedule, but for a place (instead of time)
Are both "foodstuff" and "foodstuffs" valid?
What's the opposite of "concatenate" in programming?
I had waited until the rain stopped / I waited until the rain had stopped — any difference?
Word to describe applying human name to actions
Using "actually" to talk about the present
Stealing something for remembrance - is there any single word for the meaning?
Word denoting a short description of the event
Term for an event being referred to by its location or date
Difference between "validation" and "verification"
Hypothetical term for existence at every point in time
What's the correct term for potato chips?
Alternative, more commonly accepted parlance for "currentness"
"No match for X" vs "no match against X"
"Despite the fact" implies knowledge of said facts
how did the epithet "nigger" come into usage?
Prepositions with fields (agricultural)
Distinction between "ambulate" and "perambulate"?
How to wish someone for the upcoming weekend
Adjective/adverb that means "seemingly clever, but actually foolish"
How does “found-in-a-cabbage-patch look” look?
What are alternative expressions being taken place with “pull off the upset”?
Is "deliberation" or "deliberations" correct when done over multiple topics?
Can "Mr", "Mrs", etc. be used with a first name?
What is the correct usage of "bring" and "take"?
Is "Thanks" a complete sentence?
What is an alternative to "Bless you" after sneezing?
What's the word for controlling/inputting without actually touching the device?
"armed to the teeth", "mortgaged to the hilt", okay, but what about "mortgaged to the teeth"?
What is a good antonym for "infest"?
Why doesn't the prefix "in" in "invaluable" mean "un-" as in other adjectives?
Etymology of the expression "make a larry", i.e. turn left
Question regarding sentence structure in a NY Times article about Michelle Obama
Someone who prefers no cussing around them
Correct way of writing this sentence
Words describing the pat acceptance of a thought or practice simply because "that's how it's done."
Pronunciation of UI
How to say: after have waited or after waiting e.g. 4 hours ?
Are/is "headquarters" always used as plural?
Other word for an empty promise (that is likely not to be held)
Why do we "roll" the car windows down, instead of "slide"
Word choice - What's the phrase to describe the idea that relative positions in society are meaningless?
What is the origin of "when the chips are down"?
More dastardly dashes: what are the 'horizontal bar' and 'figure dash' characters for?
What is this an example of: "a napron" becomes "an apron"?
"The" before superlative
When and where did "not" become commonly used in contraction for, as in "didn't"?
You are all "but" forced to do something instead of something else
newly graduate or new graduate
"The punch card was data processing back then"
Correct preposition for 'feature'
"the comparative, the comparative" vs. "as-clause"
"Without any problem" or "without any problems"
Pronunciation of "xenophobia," "xenon," and "Xena"
How to say one has been accepted directly at a competitive examination?
Can I say this? "To spank my shoulder when needed"
"When we X, we can then" vs. "we then can"
Salutation/Professional Addressing "Dy GM", what does it mean?
What is the origin of Zulu time?
Suggestion phrased as a question
In what situation would you use 'so' instead of very?
Are there rules of pronunciation for words in English?
What is the origin of the term "throw the book"?
What is the origin of the slang term “book” meaning “leave” or “hurry”?
Using 'the' in front of proper nouns?
What is the closest idiomatic antonym to ‘foul the nest’?
Are "commentable" and "categorizable" proper?
What does “LFS” mean in “Charles Dickens wrote about his own LFS”?
What is a word that describes both adding and editing data?
Is there a single word for "taking (or take) one for the team"?
What does "Hallelujah" mean in Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah song?
"On the way home" — "to" preposition
Is the word Concurrence synonymous with the word harmony
Repeating "to" in a list of verbs connected by "and"
An adjective for a secret that is known to a third party
What is the meaning, history, and current popularity of "of a Monday" (or Tuesday, or Wednesday, etc.)?
Term for a powerful personal computer?
What does pinboard mean?
Can an “s”-form plural follow an “s”-form possessive?
What is the meaning of the word 'navitis' in the second edition of 'Introducing html5'?
"Music with rocks in" - British English?
Did regular Americans speak the way actors in the 30s and 1940s did?
Is the word 'consort' still considered an insult in the modern usage?
ON an American street, but IN a British one. Do the twain ever meet?
What part of speech is "atom" in "hydrogen atom"?
"…that enriches people's everyday life" or "…that enrich people's everyday life"
What does "an A/B metaphor" mean?
Why do I give my pets "food" but my livestock "feed"?
Etymology of "sh**hole"
What do the allusions in this poem mean?
What's the distinction between "nonessential" and "inessential"?
Is there a term for pejorative parody names of people or places?
What does "Let me know if the problem persists" exactly mean?
doesn't worry about what others think, independent confident
What does "sq" mean when referencing page or verse numbers?
"Participate in" or "participate on"?
1st or 3rd person in CV/résumé?
What is a word for an officious person who tells the ending of movie and mystery story, and spoils your interest?
dedication: example usages
Is it ok to start a sentence with “also”?
"Playing upstairs" vs. "Playing home"
Difference between "can" and "may"
Why is "to" used after the verb at the end of a sentence?
Usage of the word "memory"
What is the meaning of the word "stirring" when used in context with "starch"?
What does "not even close" mean?
Adjective meaning "argumentative for argument's sake"?
Tense to use with "would"
Can the word "dehydration" imply "thirsty"?
Is a sentence always grammatically incorrect if it has no verb?
The same word used to define itself
Etymology of the word "stoolpigeon"
Repetition of hyphen in shared prefixes
In "proof of concept" is the concept proved or proofed?
Abbreviation. Why *xmas*?
What is the plural of interrogative words (what, who, where, when, how, why, etc.)
Can "few" be used as a substantive?
Pronunciation of plural form of words ending in "-th"
"proficient <in/at/with>" What is the correct usage?
"Ecosystem" or "eco-system" to describe something non-biological?
Can word-hyphenation ever be semantically significant?
Is it redundant to use "or not" at the end of a sentence weighing two options?
Use of comma separating two adjectives
"As far as I know" and "As far as I'm concerned"
Phrasing "An hour's rest"
Is it correct to put "bros" before "hos" or before "hoes"?
Synonym of "game assistant"
Englishman and British man
What does 'a slither of' mean?
"Younger" or "youngest"
Usage and confusion on "geek" and "hipster"
How did the term "Mistress" take on two rather different connotations?
Is there a rule for the correct pronunciation of words starting with "ex"?
Is the "will let you know afternoon" correct?
Commonly understood term or phrase to distinguish an entire hierarchy of employees in an organisation from the direct team
Is there a word for someone with the same name?
Colorful term for someone with a long-overdue library book
Word/ phrase for : 'to uplift/ enhance one's mental level/ creativity/ knowledge'
Was Christian a proper name before Pilgrim's Progress?
Is it appropriate to put a comma before "which"?
"Too" as a sentence modifier
Can "fires" be used as the plural of "fire"?
Examples/references for not changing tense when using reported speech
Usage of "more than" before a verb
What is a "magnetic shaped charge"
What is the best way to convert "tongue-in-cheek" into an adverb?
“all that” vs. “all what”
Starting a sentence with "Starting with"
Why has "sware" become "swore", "bare" "bore", etc?
Differences among words describing someone who is expert in many things
Is there a similar word to 'twain' but meaning 'three' instead of 'two'?
Have the words 'horsemanshipp' & 'warr' been used so in writing, in the early 16th Century?
"Whiz" and "wiz" in Wizard of Oz
Present Perfect with "that"
Word meaning "to make valid"
Why are "homework" and "work" uncountable in English?
Reminder of promised resource
How do "need" and "not" mix and match?
Do I need to use 'the' in this sentence?
Is it correct to use the past simple with 'Since'?
Word to describe something that focusses so ostentatiously on its purpose that it fails to achieve its goal
Is "Men Socks" correct?
Is "This is from xxx" correct usage?
What would be an appropriate opposite of "advance" in this sentence?
Phrasing of "What knowledge is required [at/in] [a] university?"
Do English speakers tend to use verbs in passive form?
In navigation, what's the difference between bearing, heading, direction, and course?
What does “Do Uncle Sam” mean?
Is there a way to articulate "giving up" or "acknowledging defeat" in 1 word?
A word meaning "going south to get north"
Does "in particular" have the meaning of "for example"?
Why is "para" not used consistently?
Are "ectypes" inherently flawed?
Can programmers be called code authors?
Here's -- Plurality Question
Synonym of 'Run' or 'Operate' in the context of a computer programme
How to pronounce the letter 'i'
Instructing someone to ask him/herself. Which is the correct use of punctuation?
"Published on ..." or "Published ..."?
Coordination in "both...and"
What is the meaning of the expression "we have a ball game"?
What does this mean - "If you look like your passport picture, you probably need the trip"?
"Existence" in English and Persian
Title Capitalization of Keywords in Programming Languages
Using "there're" to abbreviate "there are"
Do I capitalize "sincerely" in a correspondence signature?
Is the sentence "X is located in Y" active or passive voice?
'to dither' as synonym for 'to hesitate'?
will you come and follow me IF I BUT CALL your name: what's the meaning?
Past conditional statements
Does "Stop aping!" sound natural?
Is 'smth' a correct abbreviation in American English?
What, in this context, is wrong with using the progressive tense?
What is a better way to say "computer person with a lot of experience in multiple parts of computer-related areas"?
What exactly is a "figure" in a scientific paper?
Which article fits better in this sentence?
Use of "and" with multiple verbs
Is "even if..." followed by present or future tense?
Can I use "when" + future tense in this case?
Simple Past or Past Perfect
Why is it that score is used in singular when referring to several groups of 20?
Present Continuous or Present Simple in a Meeting
Are 'ages' and 'aged' acceptable in those sentences?
Should there be an article before "mayor" in "the role of mayor"?
Is "I already have two stamps drawn" grammatically correct?
A blue-nosed automatic?
What does “Being brought up to speed is as important as being brought up to grade” mean?
How to use "critical" without it being mistaken for "crucial"
Meaning of a sentence
"Strike gold" but without the implication of searching?
What do you call a quote from an article that is displayed prominently in the article itself?
Use of 'as per' vs 'per'
Would vs Will in future events
"On mind" vs "in mind"
What is the noun for "feeling of being victimized"?
What is the verb to take out compromises?
"Cash on me" vs. "cash with me"
When and why should I use 'the'
"What is an idiom?" vs. "What are idioms?"
Word for something made of two parts
Should we worry about what precedes a preposition?
What is the origin of the phrase "raise a flag"?
Why use "that" instead of "the"?
Why do people use "bone" in the phrase "bone stock" to emphasize that a car is unmodified?
How do I abbreviate "little" correctly?
Help reworking a sentence to make it less ambigious
What the definition for "Itsy Bitsy" term?
Equivalent of “married” for people in a relationship?
Which punctuation mark dominates?
Let me pull up your account
Put your shoes on and Take your coat off
"put the idea out of my head" or "pull the idea out of my head"?
meaning and origin of "syndicated feeds"
"Till the morning" or "till morning"?
"Myself" vs. "by myself"
What is this kind of question known as?
Synonyms for "get off medication"
In Legal English (law) is there an authoritative meaning to “over the age of ‘X’”?
Each other vs. one another
What does "we were both clunks" mean?
Is this saying grammatically correct?
Origin and exact meaning of "taken to the cleaners"
What does "The weather naturally also matters" mean?
Word or phrase indicating incompetence or unsuitability?
Should you capitalise "eBay" at the beginning of a sentence?
The meaning of "Have been around"
"At hand" vs "on hand" vs "in hand"
Use of capitals and full stops in bullet points
How to say that food is hot (temperature) without the listener thinking that I mean "spicy"?
"more sincere than hypocrite"
What does "To-may-to, to-mah-to" mean?
What does "the darkest of nights" mean?
What is the literary term for the redemption act of a character?
When do we use 'revision' as a countable noun?
What is the opposite of "enroll"?
Informal use of the title 'sir'
Suitable synonyms for "migrate", "migrated" based upon the supplied context
How can I say 'Before the (next) start of the academic year at a college' ? What does academic year mean?
Using "exempli gratia" in essays
How to say 'Thirty minutes away by foot'?
Is “make a dream board” a synonym to “draw a blue print”? Is it a trendy expression?
Is "To whom could we direct our questions to?" grammatical?
I've heard something like "young pop" as a synonym for "young man/people". Is it right?
Difference between "no more used" and "no longer used"
Is 'I will definitely be living away from the shop' correct?
'Expired' or 'Passed away'?
"an example (how) to do something" or "an example about doing something"?
What's the difference between "Yours sincerely" and "Sincerely yours"?
"Once the client has replaced the songs" or "Once the client had replaced the songs"?
What is the verb for dividing something into regions?
What does "just between you and me" function as?
Is it right to ask "Where is the world's most fresh water?" without using the word found or located?
What is the correct capitalisation of the word "sonar"?
Is there a name for words following this pattern?
When to drop the 'e' when ending in -able?
When should I say "post to" or "share with"?
"This and this point(s)"
Word for something that spreads
Is "walk on foot" acceptable?
Confused with the interpretation of the restrictive relative clause
Word for person unwilling to share information
What's the proper synonym for purchase when used in real-estate context?
Suitable abstraction for Email and SMS
About using "only" with present perfect
Is there a name for the feeling "Damn, I already asked this question three years ago"?
"Deeply appreciated" or "dearly appreciated"
Opposite of "numerous"
Tenses after "as if"
Can "listening" be countable?
Alternatives to "this doesn't add any value to that"
Verb for librarian giving book to library visitor
Difference between "to do as much for you as" and "to do for you as much as"
Need to clarify use of "its" and "their"
"Ear doctor's" vs "Ear doctor"
Word for a sudden phrase completing/changing a memory
Why is Tesco often pronounced Tesco's?
Word for the point where you can feel the music throughout your body
Why is this usage of "to" incorrect?
Adjective to replace "small" in "small part"
What does the following phrase mean: "pursuing invariably the same Object"
What are proper collocations of 'revision'?
Why do I want to say "the iPhone" instead of just "iPhone"?
Work-safe (but not too formal) salutation to start an e-mail to address a group of people
Synonym for "final" or antonym for "draft"
Pronunciation of "automata"
When to use "and" as opposed to "&"
How do I address people who give feedback?
"The messenger" vs "A messenger"
Isn't this rude? Or am I wrong?
Acknowledges - transitive verb question
How do I write consecutive numbers?
Determining main verb of a sentence which match with subject + verb + to + verb pattern
English generator algorithms
"water pool" vs "swimming pool"
"You was trouble"?
Origin of "to be into [someone] for [a sum of money]"
Hypernym for "increase" and "decrease"
Is "in [some period]" different from "within [some period]"?
Difference between "unlikeable" and "dislikeable"?
Which would you use 'go for a swim' or 'going swimming'
How do I know when to eliminate the word "that"
What kinds of words or phrases would you use to describe this situation?
Can we use "use unfriendly" as an adjective?
Term for poetry that mimics what it describes
How do you pronounce PIPEDA?
"Infantile" vs "puerile" vs "childish" vs "immature"
Is the word "encomprise" used in modern English?
What are the percentages of the parts of speech in English?
Is “Call for somebody’s head on a plate” a popular idiom? What is its origin?
Name to distinguish between parameters used for 'is not equal' operations and those used for 'is equal' operations
Does 'express' in Visual C# express means 'free'?
How to express that the temperature is high?
What do people usually mean when they ask "Do you have a family?"
Pork and waste?
"have been" versus "had been" in questions
Difference between "art exhibition" and "art fair"
What does the end of sentence "eh" tag mean in Canadian English?
Can "grammatical" mean "grammatically correct"?
Word for someone that always has to be right
Résumé formality: "Struck a deal that resulted in savings of XXX"?
Word for encoder-decoder
Can the passive "to be amazed" be active?
Does "What Have You Say" Mean the same as "What Have You"?
Is there any difference between “a ... sense of purpose” and “a sense of ... purpose”?
What does ‘bookend’ mean in President Obama’s remark, “My address on Tuesday will be a bookend to what I said in Kansas”?
What's the right word to use here?
Is 'petrichor' the only noun in English that means a specific scent?
Why Do Tennis Commentators Talk So Passively?
Proper usage of the word 'thunk'
If a noun phrase is made of two noun-like words that conjugate differently, then which conjugation do you use?
With what prepositions can I use the word "pain"?
On expressions about "false accusation" and "death penalty"
Is 'colorblind' the best word for people with color perception deficiencies?
Is "noncompatible" a legitimate synonym of "incompatible"?
Shorthand label
Is *race* a synonym of *species* or is just a common mistake?
Can't read a word from a 187-year-old document
Comma before "as well as"
What is the proper title abbreviation for addressing multiple people?
Best meaning for "edit link"
Phrase choice - phrase to describe exodus of meaningful celebrities from Australia
Question about waffle terminology
"there are still a few administrative i's to dot and t's to cross"
"New lease of life" vs "new lease on life"
Correlation vs Causation
Why is "sergeant" pronounced "sargent"?
Isn't Twitter's error message incorrect?
Grammaticalization of third person singular -s
Is there a prefix that indicates that an event recurs four times a year?
What do you call that sound uncouth people make by gurgling the snot in their sinuses?
Is “sand off the sharp edge” a well-established idiom?
Is 'low speed' finally proving its merit?
Why does the Strait of Hormuz sometimes get pluralized?
What does "whip-snap" mean?
Appropriate to start business email or letter with just "Dear,"?
Different uses of 'kaffir' by white South Africans and Muslims
Is it 'what it looks like' or 'how it looks like'?
Simple Present for Future Actions
'We care for us' or 'We care about us'?
Do you know the term "She is a people's person"?
"Advice" vs. "an advice"
How to say that you are going to do something really soon?
The origin of "been to" and "gone to"
co-living and co-evolving
"Your and my [something]" vs "Yours and my..."
Long subjects in indirect questions
Is past perfect appropriate here?
Meaning of "needful"
What is the proper term to describe the levels of experience for a trade?
What does "like being drowned in Skittles" mean?
"Call me through/at/on this number"
What's the deal with "thank you kindly"?
Difference between "drop on by" and "drop by"
"have basically been doing something" or "have been basically doing something"
Correctness and spelling of "misscheduled"
What is the difference between "heading to" and "heading for"?
Meaning of "to grow a funny bone"
Pronunciation of  "accept"
When did ironic use of "as in" start?
"Life finishes" vs "life is finished"
Is there a word or phrase for a choice that ultimately leads to tragedy?
Difference between "mad" and "angry"
I am "adjective" and I am "present continuous" in one sentence
How would you properly show deletion of unnecessary text in a quote?
Parentheses vs. commas vs. hyphen or dash in a list of people
Real word for "equippable"
Interchangeability of idiomatic "wavelength" and "frequency"
Whats' wrong with the following sentence?
Word for something sad and funny at the same time
what is the meaning of these in an academic paper?
What rules determine the apostrophe placement in "ham 'n eggs" and similar expressions?
Proper punctuation in abbreviation of Nota Bene
"all but at most one" - What does it mean?
Is this compound sentence grammatically correct?
Pronunciation of vowel in vague as [æ] instead of [eɪ]
Origin of "s**t one's pants"
Word for person who became rich by cheating others
How did southern US blacks address whites post-emancipation and pre-civil rights?
"Related work" or "related works"
Meaning of sentence with "vercingetorism"
Term shorter than "microblog" as generic equivalent of "tweet"
"Has given a martyr to Christ"
Meaning of "next weekend"
Is "most" equivalent to "a majority of"?
Preposition with verb "provide"
Is "crevice" an abstract or concrete noun?
Is "my preference towards exact sciences" legitimate?
How to describe the sound of the English language as spoken by someone with Asperger's Syndrome?
Why does "pre-" change the meaning of "dominantly" to mean "for the most part; mainly"?
Why "step into a car" but "step onto a plane"
Is it awkward to use the word "aubergine" instead of "eggplant"?
What is the correct verb corresponding to the noun "summons"?
How do you say in English to "Declare something ownerless"?
Term for words such as "un-f**king-believable" or "a-whole-nother"
Use of definite article referring to figures and tables
Plurals of acronyms, letters, numbers — use an apostrophe or not?
Meaning of "the waft of"
Does appending a question mark to a declarative sentence result in a valid sentence?
Abbreviation for "or the rest" (or "or others")?
Verb: "to make an incorrect statement"
Usage of a comma for emphasis
Is there a single word for "going the extra mile"?
Can the subject of a portrait be an animal?
"Reach eye care to rural areas"
Why is it “knife” in the idiom, “Before you can say knife” though there are many shorter words than knife?
Word for object in programming that connects to relay
What's the correct way for pronouncing "route"
Etymology of "humbug"
The correct use of the word “vicariously”
Replacement for ‘at the example of ’
When to write the word “parenthetically”
How to use "new" as a noun?
"Apply filter" or "apply filters"
English abbreviation for: added by redaction
"Must Not" or "May Not" - which is the most correct
Meaning of “patronage” in the 1700s
Use of “as” in adverbial introductory phrase
What is a “visual metaphor”?
"Us Americans" or "We Americans"?
Adverb of "English"
Must had vs must have
Putting “interested”  before the noun
How exactly to pronounce 'alphabetical' and 'pharmaceutical' in American English
"An age" vs. "the age"
Deriving nouns and adjectives from place names
Word for someone who is extremely up-to-date with the latest facts (news or research)
What is this symbol called: “¶”
What is the etymology of "Tough titty"
Asking about the date on which something happens using "effective"
Meaning of 'up/down' after a verb
verb meaning "to suggest that something is false"
Is there a connection between shy (adj.) and shy (v.) meaning throw?
What does the use of the word "deserts" mean in this passage?
Conjugation of wonder in early modern English
Origin of "kicker" in reference to unexpected situation or detail
Past participle of "fly"
Pronunciation of letters "g" and "c" in blend words
Why is "hiccup" spelled with two c's?
Does "fare" apply to non-persons?
Should I use present or past tense when referring to a (scientific) paper?
Usage of "better prepare" in a headline
Comma use: "from the ground up" or "from the ground, up"?
When should I capitalize the word "principal"?
Manifest vs. Manifested in relation to the glory or presence of God
Origin of the term "driver" in computer science
Word meaning for phenomenon where one issue is incorrectly believed to be tied to another
It Don't Mean a Thing?
An expression with the meaning of "don't care" and "do not make a ceremony of"
Why do some people pronounce 'a' as 'u'?
Term to describe users' initial dislike of user interface change
What is a good alternative to "the film is set in"?
Singular or plural verb form where subject includes a "parenthetical" element
What are word combinations similar to the effect of "Sofa King" called?
What is a word to describe an ambiguous amount of time?
Does a claim have to be explicit?
"Increasingly XXX" or "increasingly more XXX"
"Turn out the light" vs "Turn off the light"
"At a hotel" or "in a hotel"
"I am starting learning xyz"
"On the underground" vs "in the underground"
What’s the correct usage of “modulo”?
Can we call a person who loses things a "loser"?
Which one is correct: "communications device" or "communication device"?
Articles with general concepts
Are "revisited" and "revisiting" temporally different?
"User's expertise" or "user expertise"?
Why "out to sea"?
"Machine" as a 1920s American term for "car"
What does it mean by "get out there"?
"Has dated well" vs. "has aged well"
"If we were to agree" vs "If we are to agree"
What is the spelt-out form of Mike Huckabee’s message, “(He) would not have received [permission] had they."
What's the difference between "ledger" and "accounts"?
How to answer “Is this John?” on phone
"Convenient for you" vs "convenient to you"
Where does the word "bravo" come from?
You are waking up the whole house
Can "intrude" be used transitively?
'The' article before the word plural
How should "a $5 item" be read?
What does "minute maid" mean?
Is there an alternate term for "the power behind the throne?"
Please accept this intimation
Difference between "underneath" and "under" when we describe an action
Does "notified by [date]" include the end date?
What's the opposite of "oxymoron"?
Is “(somebody) own the sunshine” an established phrase or just a set of word?
Usage of "second/third/fourth ... last"
Is the word tenfold a misnomer?
What's the difference between "rise" and "arise"
How to describe word with many syllables
What does 'Not to order' mean?
Omission of "the" in "elected him president" and "made captain"
How does "so to speak" mean "in a manner of speaking"?
What is the etymology of the names for the number 0 in English
What does “them” refer to here?
"Posting in all its branches" in the nineteenth century: travel, mail, other?
When you want to refer to "family" in general, which should be used: "family" or "families"?
"Measure" vs. "measurement"
Term for an insincere invitation..?
Difference between "huge", "enormous" and "gigantic"
Is there a word for an individual item within a cache?
What is the opposite of ad hominem
Synonym for "focused"
"Updatable" vs. "Updateable": which is correct?
Periods in quotes and how to end the sentence the quote lies in
"An other" vs "another"
French speaker here — How to pronounce "r" and "l"?
Term for buzzing or hissing sound often created by vibration
what's the difference between Transfer, Transport and Transmission as the noun
Use of "antithetical"
-iola as suffix
Usage of "its" and "their"
Antonym of a musical or creative "influence"
Cockney wh-dropping
If this isn't irony, what is it?
How would you express colons in speaking?
Phrase to refer to community of people who come together to exchange knowledge
"My ear hurts" Or "My ear is hurting"
"On Mac OS X" vs. "in Mac OS X"
Does "effusive" have a negative connotation?
What tense to use for a dead person's permanent contributions?
X, Y, Z — horizontal, vertical and ...?
Interjection for the sound of a bell
Difference between "uncompress" and "decompress"
How do you spell "Aye Yai Yai"
"Accounts for last year" or "Accounts of last year"?
Is there a better, existing word for “antifragility”?
Is this use of whomever correct?
What do you call a "Director's cut/minority report/dissenting opinion" if it regards a report/book?
Do “here” and “hear” have the same phonetic transcription in the same country?
What Sound (onomatopoeia) does a launching Rocket make?
Etymology of "evangel"
Turning 'free of charge' into a noun phrase
Antonym for "deficient"
"Participate at" vs "Participate in"
A word to express the idea of "human traits"
Correct hyphenation of "ever-more-connected"
What is the correct way to write this long sentence?
Must "nominate" be applied to an object other than the subject itself?
What does the line, “The foreign 3 Idiots , 1911, a China-backed war docudrama starring Jackie Chan, bombed. Go figure: India 1, China 0” mean?
Using short adjectives as adverbs, such as "easy" & "short"
Is it appropriate to refer to a person of unknown sex by "it"?
What does one call terms like "astroturfing"?
Should I use support or supports with data?
Changing plurality in parentheses
Usage of "employment" with the "use" meaning
Etymology of testosterone-charged men?
"Process of Shipment" vs "Process of Shipping"
Are contractions of "I am" or "I would" rude?
What part of speech are non-human "interjections" like "oink" and "bang"?
Language settings description
What is the relationship between canon and cannon?
How could I explain this situation in email?
Is lamb meat called ‘agnew’?
What is the deeper meaning of the phrase "as I was just saying to X"?
'How to' vs. 'How do I'
How can we distinguish between "I would" and "I had" if someone says "I'd"?
Difference between "transparent" and "translucent"
Preceding article in foreign words
What's a term for pure text data (non-image non-video non-audio)?
Difference between "retro" and "vintage"
Pronunciation and usage of "bona fide"
What punctuation symbols mean "not in the full sense of the referenced phrase?"
What's your first impression of "in front of TV"?
What are “faded eyes” like?
"Hope you won't" vs "Hope you don't"
Meaning of "sniped in"
What is the opposite of "free" as in "free of charge"?
The term used for short form of a word
Time format "10 to 10"
Can anyone explain the use of determiners in this passage?
What is a more refined & formal way to say 'we eat our own dog-food'?
Indirect speech, past tense use
"lie on the basis of" versus "lie at the basis of"
Distinguish contraction of "ain't"
Is there a word that has the following meaning: to distribute a portion of funds
"Connection to/with the server was/has been lost"
What's a word for "properly oriented"?
Neither do I / Nor do I / Me neither / Me either
Is it proper to state percentages greater than 100%?
Is "IMHO" a rude thing to say (or type)?
Is there any difference in meaning between "cannot afford to + verb" and "cannot + verb"?
Is there a specific word for hemocyanic blood?
Different pronunciations of "she's" depending on the meaning
Is using "I don't know that" instead of "I don't know if" grammatically correct?
Aphorism or not?
Proper use of 'request'
Is jargon proper English?
Meaning of 'after which'
Someone who walks on a tightrope
What do you call someone with the same occupation as you, but works for a different company?
Etymology of "crossgrained" (perverse, untractable)
What does 'and counting' mean in 'China has over $3 trillion (and counting) worth of ...'?
"file content" vs. "file contents"
The first and most well-known example is/are the reserves in the United States
What is the noun for 'self-evident' or 'obvious'?
Concise words for "completed" and "planned" tasks in meeting minutes
"I can't seem to" vs "I can't"
best way to say the 24 hour time
Future tense in conditional clauses
Etymology of "avalising" (guaranteeing)
Meaning of "a function's worth of code"
Why past perfect in the following?
Exclamation before or after the interrogation? Doesn't matter?
What was the original purpose and origin of complimentary closes?
36 thousands or 36 thousand?
Use of "that" in enumeration such as "Not only that, but also"
When do you use "Cheers" instead of "Thank you" in spoken English?
Is there a word akin to "hungry" or "thirsty" that implies a need to urinate?
What do you call a person who is regionally biased?
Does the noun 'hand in' exist?
Does the term "avoid" leave room for exceptions?
"I don't think so" vs. "I think not"
What tense to use when writing about an ongoing action in a text which will be published / read in the future?
That vs Which when talking about a subject
Synonym needed for "teetotaler"
Why do we say "by all means" when we mean "by any means"?
What should I use: 'composed of' or 'composed from'?
Adjectives that can used with certain nouns
"Recommend you to [do something]" or "Recommend to you to [do something]"?
"Effect a friend" in advertising?
What's the meaning of 'sorry lot' in Albert Einstein's quote?
Looking for a single word for 'blind worship'
Engineering from or Engineering in
Microsoft Word Complains me this phrase is wrong - Is it right?
Are “Pick up your socks” and “Have your socks bronzed” popular expressions as the antithesis?
Using "déjà vu" as an adjective
What is the difference between Asylum and Exile?
"Appear" and "seem"
Difference between 'where should' and 'where do'
"If I am getting late"
Are words "Sophisticated" and "Sophism" logically connected?
Using `an` before consonants
When Should I use 'the' with months, seasons?
Differences between ways to express future actions
"Comic" vs. "comical"
Is “ O’Leary’s’s ” orthographically correct?
structure or phrasal verb?
"By the Bye": Etymology and Usage
"Dependence" vs. "dependency"
Differences between Verb + to be + adjectives and Verb + adjective
when to use "of" and when not?
Is "by the second" a correct phrase?
Fell out of the car
"Poison" is to "poisoned" as "venom" is to what?
Is there a word that describes 'the study of measuring distances'?
"Peeving about grammar disguised as a question"
Can "decided" be used this way?
In soccer, is there "a goal" or "goals" at each end of the pitch?
Difference between "presently" and "shortly"
"Dazzling images do not a shining nation make"
Is there a synonym for lazy with a positive connotation?
Is there a word to describe something that's perceived to be funny or clever only because it makes a reference that appeals to a certain group?
Plural possessive with separate posessions
Is there a name for synonyms that appear to have opposite meanings?
What's the meaning of "ran for"
What's the meaning of 'one after the other' in this sentence
Word for "creating laughter"
A word for a symbol which has outlived its origin
A singular verb instead of the plural one
What does "O'Doul" refer to in this context?
'On a swing' vs 'in a swing'
Ways of expressing the lack of ability to refrain from doing something
NSPF abbreviation
Etymology of circumfix present continuous (a-fly-ing)
Problem with two abstract noun usages describe a perfume
Is there a word that describes words like 'freeware', 'shareware'?
The specific meaning of 'spices' when describe a kind of perfume
Usage of "do" in "why do I want to do something"
"Practice/practise" and "licence/license"
"No difference" or "no different"
Comparing "better" and "best"
Word describing "Nothing Changed"
What does "before" mean here?
Meaning of "last/this/next Monday" 
Does the word 'confrère' in English also apply to women sharing the same profession?
Why was "to + verb + ing" used in this case?
Am I using "that" too often?
Is this use of "pervades" correct?
"People who" vs "people which"
Mixing British and American spellings in writing
How to spell [ʒʊʒd] and what does it mean?
Origin of the expression "Get stoned"
"Has anyone run into the same problem" or "Does anyone run into the same problem"
Is it "dent" or "dint"?
Wanting input on inputs
Problems with usages of "of"
"Started to work" vs "Started working"
Why doesn't the second verb agree with the subject of that verb?
"If/as/when necessary"
"On the periphery" or "in the periphery"
Is it appropriate to express a sentence without verb?
Name a person who loves to do things manually
"Of a trilogy" vs. "in a trilogy"
Difference between "indefinite" and "indecisive"
Is there a slang term for a mailbox?
Do we ask for check or cheque in restaurants?
"At the Passing" Or "On the Passing"
Is it right to use a verb in singular form for a noun in plural form as in “Your pigs is so much better than our pigs”?
"Trainer" is to "trainee" as "mentor" is to what?
"has" vs "have" usage after enumerating two subjects, the first one in plural
Where did the "Near East" go to?
"a variable of type int" versus "a variable of an int type"
"Seems to be not X" vs. "seems to not be X"
To punt for something
Do I use semicolons to create a list where there are commas in the items?
"I have got a Playstation" versus "I have got Playstation"
Idiom about tackling smaller problems instead of tackling the root
Meaning of "to fail at one's peril" in a legal document from the Elizabethan period
What does the phrase "none too dissimilar" mean?
Usage of "must have" in past tenses
Is there a term for a word of one meaning but variable pronunciation?
A word to describe the next level of action
Which was the first doctor, M.D. or Ph.D.?
What is the meaning of the phrase "X° of frost?"
Which is correct: "...infinite ways..." or "...an infinite number of ways..."?
Can a word "it" be used to refer to a person as well?
Is "bettern't" an OK word to use?
What does " Dark Emotions" means?
Word for the smell of old books
To lose by theft
It's so cold that if it rains it'll snow
Can you overuse the word "that"?
What does "to blow off" mean?
Do you use he/she or it to refer to ghost?
Difference between "run into", "come upon" and "come across"
Is it incorrect to use non-comparative adjectives while comparing two things?
“By whom?” vs. “Who by?”
"Justification of" or "justification for"?
How to express something given to a customer for "free in a non-immoral, non-sexual, non-promoting context"?
Word for two people who are the same age
Is there a word to describe when a person with a non-English name adopts an English name, because it happens to sound very much like her real name?
A Grave Accent?
What do you call someone who has extensive knowledge but won't share it?
Avoiding "existential it" while referring to a past event?
What does "persay"/"per say" mean?
Which of the following sentences is/are incorrect? ("Permit" vs. "allow" vs. "let")
What's a phrase for abstract / eloquent / euphemistic prose?
Single word or two or any substitution for "collection of movie titles"
What's a word meaning a never-ending source?
What's the meaning of 'annoyingly good'?
Probably excessive commas - a part of sentence looks like a list of items
Is there an adjective for 'speechless-making'?
Interrogative form of a sentence
Is the indicative "correct" when dealing with a conditional future?
Is there a name/term for phrasing something such that to disagree implicates yourself?
I often say to people ''you're feeling all made up'' when they are really happy about the outcome of a situation, where does this saying come from?
Need a generic term for "model types" and "platforms"
Is Addenbrooke's site/Site a proper noun?
How can you describe someone who gives up too easily?
Correct use of  "me too" and "I too"
Prefix di- and bi-
How to write date range succinctly and unambiguously in American written English?
What is the name for the grammatical device of putting "not" after a verb to negate it?
intellectual and intelligent
Incented or Incentivized?
Name of literary device and examples
ABC, NBC vs. the BBC and the ABC
Changing Noun to Adjective using "of"
In a sequence of words where the "ends" are opposites, what do you call the middle word?
What's the meaning of the expression "bed burning" or "bed on fire"?
Can we say "on the brink of off-topic"?
"Material world", "Physical world", "Corporeal world" - what's the difference?
Is it right to call it "SEO" and how do you pronounce it?
Verb form of "to blacken" versus "to brown"
verb "to accent" in the meaning to pronounce in a non-native like manner
English equivalent of bêtise
What’s wrong with saying “Have a nice day”?
Using purgatory to describe a between state?
Appositives with possessiveness?
"I'm going to take and stir the cake mix"
What does "the guns of spring" mean?
In the sentence "Go for a kayak" is "kayak" a verb or a noun?
Using "connotation of" in an active manner?
Is the 're' in 'return' and 'repeat' a prefix?
The meaning of the word "impediment" in this context?
"One way would be" vs "One way will be"?
Pronunciation of 'educate'
Technical term for "copy-catting nature"
Regards & Regard
Any examples of where a full-stop can't replace a semi-colon?
Is there a verb "refactor" meaning "doing refactoring" in English?
Is a comma needed after "a, b and c"?
"Location" vs. "locality"
Is using "all" instead of "all used up" a regional thing?
What is the category name for words like notwithstanding, forthwith, etc...?
"Can we get this over with?"
Why does "-Cy" become "-Sy"?
There is this driver "who would go" or "who goes"
"I need to" vs "I will need to"
In which form should verbs following nominal phrases like "none of you", "either of you", etc. be?
Meaning of "Chase a Crooked Shadow"?
"Hi ladies" -- Is it rude to use this greeting for 3 people?
A few more "hundred" vs "hundreds"
"More than (what) meets the eye"
"I think him to be about 50" or "I think he is about 50"?
"It's taking me forever" vs "It has been taking me forever"
Why was "how much" used in the following context instead of "how many"?
How should I understand this comment from Mark Twain about Chicago?
Should I say "another ones" or "another one's"
Why is the letter J so common in names of people who go by their initials?
How to Explain Dependent Clause to a German?
Opposite of "implicate"
My shoes can't think; how can they be sensible?
Meaning of "duck"
Present perfect for past action with present effect
How official is the word "subpar"?
Etymology of "trumpet" and "triumphant"
apostrophe that goes with a noun which precedes a relative clause
Is "real-time" a term known to every English speaker?
Alternative expression to 'free from' meaning to disassociate oneself from something bad
What is "amp't" in "Am I or amp't I?"
Annotation symbols
Is it a good idea to begin a sentence with a number or a variable name?
What is the origin and earliest recorded usage of 'cock-up'
Nothing lasts forever, [so | nor] do we?
Is there a difference between "select" and "selected"?
Is there a technical term for the two halves of an email address?
What form of verb is "thank" in "thank you"?
Participle Phrase in an Imperative Sentence
Is "Just because X doesn't mean Y" a grammatical sentence?
Officer's shoulder bars - what are they?
Is it proper to use the word "bandwidth" as it relates to time allotment?
What can I do instead of [sic]?
Is "It is you who are mistaken!" correct?
An antonym for "usability"?
Etymology of "to be cuter than a monkey with a puppy"
"Old days" or "olden days"?
"If we were going outside" in polite requests
Are freshwater fish considered seafood?
How to avoid needless repetition?
Is it possible to say "to or fro", or only "to and fro" is acceptable?
Could the order of words in the common question be changed?
"Improvement in/on/of/to something"
Alternative to "is going to be"
"Most importantly" or "more importantly"?
Are "gossip" and "rumour" perfect synonyms?
Is there an alternative, one-word name for the question mark?
Usage of "throw the net wide"
How acceptable is "fully fledged" as opposed to "full-fledged"?
What's a word that can mean both "good" and "bad"?
Are Americans familiar with the term "mobile" when referring to a "cellphone"?
Is "Most of the world does not distinguish captions from subtitles" true?
Is there a specific name for the line commonly drawn under arithmetic problems?
"Enervate" and "intimidate"
Difference between "inspiring" and "inspirational"
Hypernym of academia, researchers and topic enthusiasts
When to use "the" before food names
Is this an instance of personification or is it a simile?
Are there metaphoric expressions to express the frustration you feel when you are not allowed to speak up before people?
What does it mean by "Revenge is a dish that tastes best when served cold"?
A word related to idling
What could we call a person with deep knowledge in various fields?
"Two films don't a revolution make": is this sentence grammatically correct?
"to school" versus "to garage"
Describing Historical Events
Is the sentence “As though Bill Donohue didn’t have enough to be cranky about” self-complete?
Storytelling In Simple Present
'The X-ing of Y' vs just 'X-ing Y' : why are both 'the' and 'of' necessary together?
Is "To proceed setting up your website, click here" a proper sentence?
"Product by company" or "product from company"
Word for "the question this one was closed as a dupe of"
What is a rhetorical concession?
How should I understand the word "bound" in this sentence?
What's different between "sophisticated" and "intricate"?
Usage of the word "natural" as a noun
'Yet' is to 'already' as what is to 'eventually'? Could 'never' do?
Is "criterions" a valid plural for "criterion"?
Article or no article: "at the price of a higher workload"?
Telephone Conversation
Is the phrase "a stark contrast" redundant?
"Against traffic" or "Against the traffic"
Divide two into four and Divide two by four
What is the term for "cousin of a cousin"?
Usage of "screened for" in the context of a study sample
What would be a good word to refer to beating an opponent in football (soccer)?
Continuous vs contiguous when talking about files
A word or phrase to say something reminds or hints or brings up another idea
Abbreviations and Full Stops
Is there a word for someone who posts a "comment"?
Is singular or plural standard for state of none of something?
Readable vs legible
A word for passing through a tollgate, turnpike, etc
adjective for something bad that one did not deserve
You right/you are right
What is the phenomenon called when we use an incorrect sensory perception to describe something?
Perception of subjects with indeterminate gender
Is the phrase "I kid of course" grammatically correct?
Pronunciation of "you're"
You quench your thirst. What do you do with your hunger?
Is it acceptable to begin a declarative sentence with "Am"?
"Comparison between" versus "comparison for"
Double prepositions: 'a rate of around 30%' or 'a rate around 30%'?
What is the best word for "brain drain" within a company?
while he works or while he working or while he is working
Task, project, assignment, job. Which one is correct in my case?
Which is better, "provided object" or "object that is provided"?
What articles are needed in document titles?
What tense should be used here?
Which lexical class does "wont" fall into in this sentence?
"Food" vs. "foods" — spelling and meaning
It is an existential question
Pronunciation of "undoable"
Lets not sweat it
Is the proper phrase "Be Discovered" or "Get Discovered"?
Is the term "halfcast" racist?
Origin & history of name "she oak" or "sheoak" (a Casuarina tree)
What is the origin of the phrase "egg in your beer"?
Usage of the phrase "in the colloquial"
Is "I asked many questions that I had before" correct?
Grammar questions on the usage of "some" and "some of the"
"You went there?" in English
'no telling' embedded in a sentence
Is there a feminine equivalent to the adjective "avuncular"?
In the blink of an eye
"Group" vs. "community" usage
Difference between "to grab" and "to grasp"
Is there anything like unsleeping bag
What does "I fort" stand for?
Is there a term for simultaneous snow and rain?
What's the verb for 'to form a canonical representation'?
What word describes what to do when you have run out of credit on the phone?
Is "give an exam" grammatical for "writing the answers to exam"?
Meaning of "dog-rodgering practices"
"Prison workout" — what is the origin of this term?
"Had you been there for quite sometime?"
origin of the expression "proudly placed on our mantelpiece"
a word/couple to express eagerness to win
"Border protection" vs "boarder protection"
Is the verb resumes in "College resumes Monday" transitive?
Meaning of "just about everybody else has" in this context
Semicolon use: a quick question
How to pronounce or hyphenate the word 'value'?
"Naïve" vs "Ignorant"
What does “being skinned alive “mean exactly? Is it a well-established phrase?
Ye olde english alphabet question: Any other letters lost besides thorn, edh, and yogh?
'To present' or 'to present with'?
'Throne' for a Lavatory
...wound sky down to desert
"A total of 0.0606 moles of NaOH was" or "were"?
"Clicking the button saves... " vs. "clicking the button will save..."
Is there a term for the phenomenon where the same word forms more than one part of speech?
Is there a word/phrase/idiom for temporarily satisfying strong feeling of hunger?
Is there a suffix for loathing?
What is the appropriate question tag for sentences such as "Neither of you is..."?
Should I capitalize Twitter links?
"Writing things down" vs. "writing things up"
What are the replacements for "i.e." and what are their differences?
Do a/an have to match up when using multiple indefinite subjects?
Should you use past tense for a fact that still remains in force?
Whether you need the word 'to' in the sentence - Which place do you want to go to?
Vast amount of vocabulary in English books
Quoting vs Citing
What word describes the amount an object is filled to, regarding its capacity?
Is the phrase 'according to me' correct?
Parsing possibility
Nested parentheticals -- restructuring for clarity
Precedence: and > or?
Reported speech question
Alternative of "unvalidated"
Does "due to" tend to have negative connotation?
Is it correct to use the preposition "by" interchangeably with "near"?
Difference between meter and rhythm in poetry
The meaning of the phrase "end all to be all"
What does "take the bird with me" mean?
How should I understand "She cracked open a door"?
Is there a difference between Therefor and Therefore?
What is the difference between "aged" and "age"?
What is the correct use of "safety" and "security"?
Is 'I would like to make laugh from you' correct?
"So that it be" vs "so that it is"
How should "aargh" really be pronounced?
Usage of 'if' and 'if not' to mean 'and perhaps even/also'
Non-pejorative term for 'alcohol aficionado'?
How to describe "working steadily and slowly is treated as stubborn"
What does "use social media to the chagrin of their administrators" mean?
"Except for" vs "Except In"
Can you be literal about non-literal things?
Comma confusion
"Ok so I know a similar(ish) question has been asked here before"
Should I say "there is a handful of..." or "there are a handful of...."?
Make it a compound sentence question
Complex reported speech question
Is "audience" singular or plural?
A word for "to make more concrete" in philosophical context?
The word describing being in a steady & boring situation for long time
"Based on" vs. "based upon"
"Arrogant" vs. "conceited"
When do I use -i for expressing the plural of a word?
What is the opposite of modal?
I can see us agreeing on many points "in the article" or "from the article"?
Why is Ukraine often called "the Ukraine"?
"Having influence" in perfect tense
When do you use "talked" and "spoke"?
Meaning and origin of "hustle, score, use"
Connection between 'proxy', 'pronumeral' and 'pronoun'?
Are there words for the subject and the object in a merger& acquisition?
What does “The man that once did sell the lion’s skin While the beast liv’d was killed with hunting him” mean?
Is single-word "inbetween" becoming more acceptable? How far can it go?
What does "deader than a doornail" mean?
Is there a word for the extreme opposite of "irony"
"I am trying to learn" vs "I try to learn"
What is the word or term for the item being parodied?
"From around the world" vs "Around the world"
"What is your travel status?"
Conditional + Let you know
"In the next two weeks" vs. "next two weeks"
How does a supervisor in a prison address an inmate in American English?
What does "make [someone] into shoes" mean?
What does "sales play" mean?
What is the appropriate word for "following trail" or similar in English?
What is the the origin of the expression "chop chop"?
What's the most pedantically correct way to reference sectioned and numbered rules aloud?
Another word for "apply"?
What does "knowledge nugget" mean?
Meaning of "whip into a lather"
What is the word for an applied template?
What do you call the 'intro document' that new employees get on their first day?
"Rebellion" vs. "revolution"
How to say the margins of a page in a book
How to denote a larger distance
What does the following sentence mean [ From The Invisible Man , Ch 1 ]
Why can't I put 'a' or 'the' before 'different clubs'?
Wash Hands to Serve Safe Food?
Stop if you feel faint or pain!
"Lifting a ban" — why does "lifting" mean "removing"?
I was confused about “to be + past participle"
Does "he's" mean both "he is" and "he has"?
Term for "Every 2 weeks"?
Can the word "opportunity" be used as a non-countable noun?
What is a clear and precise way to describe a plan to build a system based on a particular COTS product?
Singular or plural form of "digit" when referring to digits of individual numbers?
Should "So", "Therefore", "Hence", and "Thus" be followed by commas?
What is the proper plural of “a series”?
"Right" and "Left" and "Top" and "Bottom"
Is "penultimate" commonly used?
Do vs. does in a statement
What is the appropriate punctuation to indicate the final phrase applies to both of the preceding requirements?
Past-tense of "concept"
What's the linguistics term for "Schubertiaden" and similar words?
Is there a word that means "every four weeks"?
What is the correct plural form of an abbreviation whose last word starts with 'S'?
Can any adjective be used as comparative?
What does “raising the debt ceiling is not groovy” mean? Is the word “groovy" obsolete among the youth of America”?
Is there a simpler, more poetic term for "the detritus of animal life"?
their or his/her
What is the difference between weight and heft?
What's the difference between micro-particle and micron-particle?
Any idiomatic expression in American English for eating too much?
What is the word to describe "the gaining of full control over an ability or power you already have"?
Starting a sentence with 'About your question, ...'
Can I say 'co-student'?
'much better' spoken rather than written English?
call vs invoke - informatics context
"having", "with" or "who have" - which is preferred for an attribute conferring group membership?
Capitalization and punctuation rules for formatted quotations appearing in the middle of the sentence
Describing a place that is not very busy
What is the difference between "options" and "settings"?
should a list of tokens be called a "token list" or a "tokens list"
Describing a well-respected person who is welcomed in a foreign country
Can the word 'freed' be used as an adjective?
What is the Pronunciation of "-sts" at the end of the word?
Why do we "scotch" a rumour?
How to say that a city is in the side of another city? Is it neighborhood city?
How do hyphens modify the meaning of "n-month-old"?
What is the correct form of address for a police officer?
Order of phrases after verb:  Prefer "share with you X" or "share X with you"?
"Old Mr. Bunny had no opinion whatever of cats." What does it mean?
Single word which means "keep moving forward"
Larry Trask seems to be violating rules about commas as mentioned in his own guide
to "sleep" vs to "go to sleep"
Proper use of "has been" versus "have been" after plural reference
A short title for a collection that contains items related to software features and requirements
Onward vs Onwards
Verb+ing as a verb beginning a sentence
Usage of the phrase "you don't know what you don't know"
Either vs. among
How should one address a police officer in the US?
Take a walk vs walk
"—" vs. ";" vs. "," vs. "()" — what's the difference?
Is “misogyny” only applicable to men? What is the antonym of misogyny?
Single or Plural: Asking for names of people
What's the word for two people who like/love each other but neither one confesses it?
How has the usage of 'should' varied over time?
Is it allowed to mix tenses in one sentence?
What is the difference between experiment and experimentation?
What does "flush to the top" mean?
expression "get above/off your sofas"
What meaning does the word "remaining" add to a sentence?
Charles Dickens' "for good and for evil" and "superlative degree of comparison"
What word describes a house without anyone inside?
Listing two opposite opinions in an academic paper
Does the 18th century contraction "on't" survive phonologically in English today?
Idiom to say something beats something else greatly in a rivalry situation
Virtually is like almost or practically?
Why "USSR" but not "UCSR"?
“It took me all of ten minutes to find out” - what does “it took me” mean?
Statements that are courtesies
"I was gone" vs "I had gone"
What are the differences between "manual", "guide" and "instruction"?
Word for both questions and answers
Expression to say that you did something better than before
What is "lights-out systems"?
Is “Trees are the right height” an established phrase? What does it mean?
I was wondering why there are multiple prefixes for the same meaning
What does "higgledy-piggledy" mean?
Is it correct to say 'two/three parter movie'?
"I can't help it." Why help?
What is a "terrace park"?
Why there is "the" before some names but not others
"Multi-" prefix pronunciation
What is the word(s) for someone who is very particular about the small details of something?
"The train will leave" vs. "is going to leave" vs. "leaves" vs. "is leaving"
Attributive and predicative position of an adjective
Where to put the preposition of "approve"?
Is it correct to use "and" immediately followed by "or" or "or" immediately followed by "and"?
What kind of dash character should I use at the end of a famous saying to mark of the author?
"traipse up the steps" just synonym of walking?
Single word antonym of "censorship"
What's the usual meaning of "monkey business"?
What's the distinction between "opposite" and "contrarian"?
Is there an inverse word for emissary?
"Me" or "Myself"- which one is correct here?
Do you make a difference between “anybody” and “anyone”
Order of preposition in US and UK English
"I had sent you"
What is the preferred way to end an email?
When are "and" and commas used in a list of adjectives?
Which usage is more common? (singular / plural)
expression "as an affirmation of its efficiency, we show that"
Usage of "cancel" and "cancel out"
"Email" vs "mail" when referring to email
"Insight into whether" vs "insight as to whether"
Is "sustain the tuition fee" correct English?
"Lowercase", "lower-case", or "lower case"
Terminology of roles in a Q&A: The "asker" and "answerer"?
Universal Etymology of Words
liking/disliking people or choosing friends. Freedom of ....?
Is there a term for the opposite of the greengrocer’s apostrophe?
Pronouncing "vis-à-vis"?
What exactly is a shindig?
What do you call someone whose rights have been taken away from them?
Apostrophe before or after s?
Where should I put the comma in this sentence?
What do you call someone who is easy to relate to?
Single word for representing a person who guides at right time
Antonym to 'Assign'
Is this slogan proper English?
"Actually" vs "really"
What do you call someone who is asking for information?
What is the sense of the word "kettle" here?
Difference between "fluid" and "liquid"
What is the name of something that contains a balance?
English pronunciation of "charade" as in Pink Floyd song Pigs
Present perfect or past perfect with "yesterday"?
learn how to [verb] vs. learn to [verb]
Can "mustn't" be used for conclusions?
Why does the 'b' in absorb change to a 'p' in absorption?
Synonym of "at a time"
To hyphenate borne, or not to hyphenate borne?
Adjective for something that puts you on edge?
Is there a word for "25 years" like "bicentennial" for 200 years? Is it "Quadranscentennial"?
Is present perfect necessarily definitive action in past
Why is "head for" in the passive voice in "Mitt Romney was headed for a decisive victory in Arizona”?
Are there specific rules to build expressions with or without articles?
unable to provide vs. unable of providing
via or by - which one is correct to denote by means of
Looking for words or phrases to fit the idea of this form of hierarchy
How to write decimal values in words
"Like us" or "like we do"
origin of the expression "trying to catch a falling knife"?
"I give nothing to no-one" or "I do not give anything to anyone"
rule of thumb for 'however' in the middle of the sentence?
"In recent years" vs "in the recent years"
What should be filled in "Honoring", "Given by" and "R.S.V.P"
"Relevant to" vs. "relevant for"
Difference between "mastery", "proficiency" and "familiarity"
"Greed, for lack of a better word, is good" vs. "greed is, for lack of a better word, good"
"Background of" or "background for"
"I and someone", "me and someone" or "I and someone we"
Meaning of  "envy of his brethren"
What is the origin of the use of "hate" with the preposition "on"?
Answering: "What do you say?"
Why was inversion used in the following context?
What is the difference between dialogue and dialog?
What would be a formal reply to "I need your help"?
Difference between "no" and "nope"
-ing vs -in' ending
What does "the thesis of this dissertation" mean?
Is "remains" in "Xenophobia remains in our society" a linking or intransitive verb?
Why some questions are written in this funny way?
What is the origin of the phrase "There goes the neighborhood" and does it have racial connotations?
Why is the "J" in San Jacinto pronounced like an English "J" instead of an "H" in Texas?
"I have nothing" vs "I give nothing"
Why do we write "Tsk" for the sound of disapproval?
Figurative meaning for "open a parenthesis"?
No and double inversion within question tags
Reason for ambiguous pronunciation
Phrase for a problem that seems impossible, but actually has a simple and obvious solution?
"We've got you covered" on an umbrella
What's the difference between 'group' and 'grouping'?
Definition of  "throw the gauntlet down"
Why present perfect in "How many points have you scored this season"?
"Rounded", "heaping" and other types of teaspoon(fuls)?
Something similar to "plepentry envoy"
What is the word that describes ethical smartness?
Is this a correct use of 'whom'?
What is the difference, if any, between 'porn' and 'porno'?
Is "get" (in the sense of "become/make") appropriate for formal writing?
Comma before quote marks around article title?
"We are all of us engaged in..." What does 'all of us' mean here?
"A number of students" vs. "the number of students"
What is the opposite of procrastination in one word?
"Thank God" vs "Thanks God"
"Where he is" vs "Where is he"
"Don't let's fight"
using "the"+adj without a noun
Is a dependent clause part of the superordinate clause's predicate?
Mixing plural and singular list items with a single verb
"I had been typing" vs "I was typing" vs "I typed"
Where does the phrase "It's a good job that ..." come from?
What does “stand to” mean in the sentence, “China’s Health Ministry stands to profit from the industry’s growth?”
How do you say “more to the east”? Easter, Easterer, Easterner, Easternerer?
Shorter, sarcastic way to express "The cook must have made a mistake"
Using "on" vs. "in"?
"If something were" or "If something was" in the 2nd conditional?
It will take a while until/before the change takes an effect
Meaning of "paddling hell-for-leather away from a harmless seal"?
How to use "capitulate"
The word "but" used as negation
Speaking for the sake of saying something
Can an object be clumsy?
"Least expensive" vs "most inexpensive"
The Guardian: "It does indeed [...] misleading them [...]"
What is the correct pronunciation of "pizza"?
What is another phrase for "start here"?
What is the term or phrase to describe some process is sequential independent?
"Help somebody with" vs "Help somebody in"
Alternative Descriptive Statement - Calling something like it really is; both intentionally/unintentionally funny
Is there a word for "one who has never sinned"?
Are uncountable nouns considered irregular plurals like man men?
How should I understand this sentence from the transcript of a podcast?
What does "drive-in teller" mean?
In what way is "are us" used?
Is "as long as" grammatically correct?
Suit up with a ...?
What is meant by the "benefit of the doubt"?
The Use of Present Simple
How do you refer to someone who has access to an abundance of resources?
tailored to someone needs VS tailor-made
So much is at stake
A word for "to claim a position or place above something or someone else"
What's the phrase for things that get better with age?
Word for 'so simple you'd think it's obvious but it's not'
Does the word "please" come from "plea"?
"These include" or "This includes"
If conditional "didn't" vs "hadn't"
How should I understand "the one lab bench"?
What does “For over 20 years, I have illustrated the absurd with absurdity,” exactly mean?
To put into or strike an agreement
basketball expression: "Plays with a lot of flair"
A single word for "in the process of being replaced"
"Summoning something into life" vs. "summoning something to life"
"There is no point in" or "There is not a point in"
Word related to hosting
Does the word 'gimmick' have positive or negative meaning?
What does “showed why he is feared on” mean?
manically laconic
Reported Speech "Will" vs "Would"
How to cite Shakespearean Blank Verse or Free Verse in an MLA Paper
"Added support for" or "added support of"?
Something causes a lot of initiatives
Term or phrase representing all objects inside of a parent object
Can I say "reduces the proximity to zero" to describe 2 objects being very close?
How should I understand this "that" clause?
Is an article an adjective?
Can you decide grammaticality from the sentence alone?
Is "So far as concerns something" the same as "So far as something is concerned"?
Transportation fee + Lunch money =?
Can "if", "while", "whenever", "when" recurse deeply? How deeply?
Can I say "What opinion are you of?"
Difference between "simplify" and "facilitate"
Word with the same meaning as "good moments" or "pleasant memories"?
Rules for rising and falling intonation in similar questions - what are they?
Does “woman driver” have a special meaning other than female driver?
What do you call the question type in a quiz game where you have to order the answers?
Difference between "clever" and "skillful"
How to pronounce the programmer's abbreviation "char"
"Learning always" vs "always learning"
Should I prefer "asker" or "questioner" for a person who asked a question?
"Has" or "Have" after "Who" in a sentence?
"Experienced in" or "experienced of"
Why do they call the counterpart “that woman” to press corps after parting from a female?
"We're not" vs. "we aren't"
What's the origin of the meme "and so can you"?
Using "and" twice in a list
Correct tense for "I wish I had worn socks today"
Is there an English term that describes a comment on feedback?
Questions about abbreviations
Idiomatic expression for a difficult choice
What is correct: "bind to" or "bind with"?
What is someone who for non-malicious reasons always interprets words in the least generous way?
Non-gender uncle/aunt relation name
use of pre-empt
let you know a couple of facts OR bring couple of facts to your notice
"Would" vs "Will"
Comma after e.g. list
Flatland -- What does the author mean by "only hard"?
Is "all that he have" correct?
If you cut a part in two (parts vs. pieces)
What is the origin of "stitched up like a kipper"?
A word that describes a smooth and feel-good transition
Quoting poor English in a news article? I don't often see "[sic]"
What do you call someone who studies calendars?
Grammatical complements for "allow"
How do I improve on this question from the suggestion given?
Difference between "would have" and "would" in the following
Is "please let me know if otherwise" grammatical?
Is there a simple word -> noun/verb/pronoun table?
Sentence with multiple 'and's: should I use an Oxford comma, and if so, where?
What was the idiom for multitasking before chewing gum was invented?
"How easy is it to *verb*..." vs. "How easy is *verb*..."
What is the word for a step that is too small?
Is "vicious cycle" or "downward spiral" used properly here?
Why is the verb form of "record" pronounced [ri-kawrd] but the noun form is pronounced [rek-erd]?
What is the meaning of "a roach in the rushes"?
What is the correct way of saying: press a button multiple times, but don't hold it down for too long?
expression "to catch a chill"
Adjective/noun to describe a small but extremely useful thing
Should pronunciation of the r in "heart" be the same as r in "rabbit", in UK English?
Is “outpander” a received English word? Can “out” be used to any verb as one likes?
What is a good term for someone who refuses to debate an issue ab initio?
Can I use "any" in this example?
Whatever/everything/anything..how to find out?
Have I graduated from a master's course?
Is "learning yourself" the same as "learning by yourself"?
"Already" at the beginning of a sentence
Is there a word that means both opening and closing a door?
A feeling of there is "something more to it"
"Offer an opinion" or "give an opinion"
How do I spell "subdistrict"?
Why does the word "emcee" exist?
"We'll do it in a..."
Origin of "one man's trash is another man's treasure"
Any idiom in English for a husband who has been betrayed by his wife?
Is there any term in English for a person who starts a debate, but once he is presented some valid arguments or facts, he quickly retreats?
What is the correct way to possessivize (if that's a word) a compound noun?
When do "direct" and "indirect" questions become the same?
Meaning of "know life for what it is"
Looking forward
Usage of double dots (..) Is it formal?
How do I make correct referencing?
Do you put double dots when a contraction occurs at the end of the sentence?
Meaning of "exported from somewhere"
Adjective or noun when referring to plural citizenship
Is it "quit" or "quitted"?
Change of Number(?) for "does" used with "this"
Imperative vs. cohortative in a scientific paper
What is the intended pronunciation of "gist" (as in gist.github.com)?
Word order in questions
Proper use of quotation marks
What do you call it when a name/word is better known by a pejorative?
Is thanks a countable noun? Many thanks or much thanks?
Is the phrase "My current educational and residential situation" correct?
What is the inverse of "guardian"?
Word or short expression to describe basic foods as a dish ingredients (like rice, potatoes or pasta)
Plaque wording - capitalization?
Should "head teacher" be capitalized, when it's not really anyone's occupation
Is the [blank] worth the shake?
The time before place mantra
What's the term for untapped capacity or inventory that is brought to market by rising prices?
Why do newspapers use the terms "women voters" and "women candidates"?
What does "slicker than snot on a doorknob" mean?
Terms to describe age groups
Meaning of "over in"
