What is the equivalent of compound words created by joining them with hyphen?
"Estas bele" vs "estas bela" (or "beli")
How to translate "stretch goals" to Esperanto?
Is it incorrect to end a sentence with the word "pri"?
"Detection limit" and "reporting limit" in Esperanto?
What is the origin of Pasporta Servo?
How do I translate "perfectionist"?
What is the difference between "naskiĝtago" and "datreveno"?
Are there any good Esperanto communities for beginners?
How can I translate "jumpcut"?
"Step counter" in Esperanto?
"Datumbazo" or "Datenbazo" - which one should I use?
What is the correct word for speaking about a regional accent?
In which context can I use "gea"?
Kiel traduki "rib cage" / "cage thoracique"?
Kiel traduki “(to) have the moves”?
What is the difference between the interjections "ĝuste" and "prave"?
What is the difference between a "pamfleto" and a "faldfolio"?
How can I say "I feel ya"?
"Retadreso" or "retpoŝtadreso" for "e-mail address"?
Kiel oni diras "URL" esperante?
How do we tackle creating an Esperantujo "census", or begin gaining a picture of our actual demographics?
What do you call dice with more than 6 sides?
Is there a difference between "-iĝigi" kaj "-igi"?
Kiu el la esprimoj “abomeni” kaj “malami” estas la plej forta?
"Kiu el la du estas la pli forta" aŭ "Kiu el la du estas la plej forta?"
Is there any kind of internship at the U.E.A? Are there any Esperanto related internships anywhere at all?
How do you say "Affirmative action"?
Using -njo and -ĉjo for family members
Is there a biography about Verda Majo?
When "ali-" gets merged with the tabelvortoj - An example of irregularity in Esperanto
Pass and fail in Esperanto?
What is the meaning of "komuna" and how is it different from "ofta"?
How can I translate "creationist"?
What is the difference between "ventumi" and "aerumi"?
What is the standard phonology of Esperanto?
Is there a word in Esperanto for "lightsaber"?
How to translate "social media manager" to Esperanto?
How to translate "logo" to Esperanto?
How should I use "probable"?
How to say "Smooth!" in Esperanto
Kiel oni tradukas « I’m fed up of »?
Where can I find Lovecraft books in Esperanto?
Should I ever use the pronoun "ci"?
"tuj antaŭ ol" or "ĵus antaŭ ol"? What should I use when something happened just before an other thing?
How would one translate "swag"?
Can "ĉi" be used as a postposition?
Kion mi diru se mi fartas nek bone, nek malbone?
Kio estas la esperanta nombro disigilo, komo aŭ mallarĝa spaceto?
What would be the meaning of "adi"?
What is the most common way to say “update” in Esperanto?
How to translate "to manage to do something"?
How to translate "butterscotch pie" to Esperanto?
What are some example-words to show how well affixes work?
Kiel pluramemo iĝis populara en Esperantio?
Reading out address numbers
Is Esperanto a viable language to put in the "languages spoken" section of my resume?
Kiu estas Liza en la kanto de Persone kaj kial ŝi pentras bildojn?
What is the difference between "volus"+infinitive and conditional mood?
How to translate “router” to Esperanto?
"Ĉionmanĝanta ŝafo" or "Ĉiomanĝanta ŝafo"? Can you build a word with the accusative like that?
How can I say "don't take it personally"?
How does one say "one bad apple..." in Esperanto?
Kion oni kantas por celebri naskiĝtagon?
How do you say "root beer"?
Is "oi" a valid pair of letters in esperanto?
Kio estas la diferenco inter "honoro" kaj "omaĝo"?
Is it "eĉ ne" or "ne eĉ"?
What was the first Esperanto telegram ever sent?
Which fonts support Esperanto diacritics?
Are "ŝati" and "plaĉi al" interchangeable?
Can you ask questions without 'ĉu'?
Can I use "iri" with other verbs?
Ĉu ekzistas gramatika nomo por kunmetaĵoj kiel "hejmeniri"?
Does a source for words pertaining to programming or software development exist?
How do I say "Thank you, Captain Obvious?"
How to translate "ASMR" to Esperanto?
Ĉu titoloj estu en la akuzativo?
How can I say "exercise"?
How can I say "in the long run"?
Kiel oni tradukas "Memento mori" al Esperanto?
What words for different levels of education should I use?
Creating new verbs with -um and nouns
Ambiguity of "ne ĝeni sin"
How do I translate "outsourcing"?
De kio “saluton” estas la rekta objekto?
When saying "looking good", do I use an adverb or an adjective?
Can the words "pajlero" and "ŝalmo" be used to mean "drinking straw"?
How can I say "gooey"?
How does one say "suit yourself" in Esperanto?
How do I say "best practice" in Esperanto?
Where can I find a good source of perfect Esperanto enunciation/pronunciation audio examples?
Is "dum" missing in the sentence "Mi atendis pli ol horo"?
How can I say "to turn on/off"?
Traduko por antipop
How do you say "farm" - a place to grow crops?
Is "mi estas irinta vespermanĝi" correct?
What's the difference between "uzantnomo", "uzulnomo", and "salutnomo"?
Is it "Gratulon!" or "Gratulojn!"?
How to translate "to pledge"?
Kiel traduki "sign language" respekteme?
How can I say "to focus"/"to concentrate"?
What is the full sentence of "fek' al tio"?
What is the difference between "al la domo" and "en la domon"?
What is difference between "multo" and "multe"?
How to translate "sink" in "carbon sink" or when dealing with electric fields
Ĉu oni atentu nur la „16 regulojn”?
Are there any Esperanto resources about shogi ("Japanese chess")?
Is it correct to write "teoremo X statas, ke" in the sense of "theorem X states that"?
Ĉu ekzistas libera Esperanta kurso?
When to use "ĝin" and "tion"
Kio estas la diferenco inter scivola kaj scivolema?
Is there a group established to translate books into Esperanto
«Atendu min antaŭ la domo de mia pranepo»
How do you translate "to reel" while fishing?
Has the NaNoWriMo ever been completed in Esperanto?
How to translate "what if" to Esperanto?
How can I say "cozy"?
What would I call a "do not buy from" list?
How does one translate "to make someone do something"?
How to translate "to catch a bus"?
Why some esperanto-speakers call others "samideano"?
Does "tre eble" mean "probable"?
How do you say "a meme" in Esperanto?
How to translate "Dothraki"?
What does "modern finvenkismo" look like?
Is Baza Radikaro Oficiala useful for practical learning?
Is it possible to order the intensity of Esperanto adjectives?
What is "stress" in Esperanto?
What is the object of "instrui"?
Does porn in Esperanto exist?
Are the compound verb tenses ever really used in Esperanto?
What is the difference between "festo" and "ferio"?
What were Clarence Bicknell's Esperanto translations of Alfred Tennyson's poems published in?
How do I say "back in the day"?
What is the difference between *per* and *pere de*?
How can I translate these sentences expressing probability or uncertainty?
How do you say "you all" in Esperanto?
Should I use "teamo" or "skipo"?
How do I translate "hate speech"?
Which is the longest book published in Esperanto?
Is there someone tweeting about new Esperanto books?
How do I find out if there is an Esperanto club in my city?
Help me remember which is which: "humoro" and "humuro"
Any systematic way of building different adjectives from numerals than just ordinals?
How can I say "to feel comfortable"?
Can you say "sur la reto" for something you found in the Internet?
How to translate "used to"?
When to use "ĉu" instead of "se"?
How do you translate "to realize" in "We realized that we are not alone"?
Is it "Mi lernas kun Duolingo" or "Mi lernas per Duolingo"?
The “essence” of -as, -is, -os, -us alone
"Deveni el" or "veni el"?
What words, phrases, or noises are appropriate for backchanneling in Esperanto?
What is the difference between "sinmortigi" and "memmortigi"?
How do you translate "hype" and "hyped"?
Where I can learn Esperanto by Spanish?
Are there any major Esperanto translation projects for either open source software or moddable games?
How many Esperanto pun words are there?
Is Esperanto likely to survive in future?
"Oni nomas tiujn videojn videoblogoj" or "Oni nomas tiujn videojn videoblogo"?
What is the equivalent of "bleki" for snakes?
How do I say "black people" respectfully in Esperanto?
What is the difference between "ĵaluzi" and "envii"?
How can I say "I feel nauseous"?
How do you say "to have a good time"?
How to say "one trick left", "one card left", "something more up my sleeve"?
Kiel oni nomas la paĝojn de prezento de Powerpoint?
Ĉu la kreantoj de la Esperanta kurso en Duolingo estas famaj Esperantistoj?
What is the origin of the word "pigra"?
Ĉu eblas uzi «kie» kiel relativan pronomon en abstrakta senco?
Which movies treat the language barrier with honesty?
Are there any auto-antonyms in Esperanto?
Are there any reverse novels in Esperanto?
Where can you find communities of chinese Esperanto speakers in the Internet?
How to translate "day after day"?
Kiel oni diras esperante "to harass"?
Is there a course in audio format for learning Esperanto from scratch?
Why does Wikipedia list an improper pronunciation of Esperanto?
How can I say "big brother" or "big sister"?
What is "sleepwalking" in Esperanto?
Translate 'You must leave room for nature'
How does one say "annoying" in Esperanto?
Why "renkontiĝo" is more common than "renkonto" for saying "a meeting"?
How do I say 'God help us and bless us' in esperanto
If I can't find a word in Vortaro.net, should I cease using that word?
Which Esperantidos are still used nowadays?
How to translate "school bullying" and "bully"?
Ĉu oni povas tajpi esperante sur aparato de PocketBook?
Does profunda also mean philosophically deep?
How do you say "thumbs up" in Esperanto?
Is there an award for Esperanto literature?
Is there a word for nice or okay that isn't "bona"?
Use of se ... tiam ... in logical statements
Do dictionaries that don't exist online reflect current usage?
How to say "you have good taste"?
How do you translate "Oh woe is me"?
Why are there consonant clusters that are not uniformly voiced?
What are the "names" of the diacritic letters in the Esperanto Alphabet?
Does Esperanto offer as many synonyms as English?
How do you say "to scoff" as distinct from "to mock" (moki)?
Why does "subject + kredas + accusative + adjective" make sense?
Which country has the highest percentage of Esperanto speakers?
What is "smartphone" in Esperanto?
What is the difference between "piedpilko" and "futbalo"?
What is the origin of the word "pilko"?
What is the difference between temporal "en" and "dum"?
Words for extrovert / introvert?
Kio estas la objekto de "enskribi"?
Ĉu oni estas "en" aŭ "sur" foto?
How to say "common sense" in Esperanto?
Kiel traduki „now that“ al Esperanto?
Why am I not getting hits for *Nun ke* in Tekstaro if it's a valid expression?
How do you say "a (romantic) date"?
Can we have a holiday that isn't based around Zamenhof?
How to translate "downstream" and "upstream"?
What is the difference between "veki" and "vekiĝi"?
What can I say to express disgust or dislike?
Which should I use, “pro manko de tempo”, “pro tempomanko”, or “pro tempmanko”?
Objective use of "de"
Kion mi povas diri anstataŭ "Je via sano!"?
Are “la malplej juna” and “la plej maljuna” entirely interchangeable?
Which word should I use for "to drive (a car)"?
"Trink-" versus "drink-"
How good should one be to participate in Pasporta Servo?
What is the difference between "teda" and "enua"?
What is the proper word for a car race?
Kiel traduki “job advertisement” al Esperanto?
Kiel traduki „breaking news“ al Esperanto?
Kiel oni tradukas 'ETA' (Estimated Time of Arrival) esperante?
Kiel oni nomas @?
Translation of "Let it be"
How can I say “stout”, “lager”, “saison”, and “trappist” in Esperanto?
When to use an adverb/adjective
What are "stuffed animals" called in esperanto?
Where to ask for translation of scientific/technological terms?
Is there a difference between “plimalboniĝi” and “malpliboniĝi”?
How to say "addiction"?
What are some popular web services to find Esperantists by location?
How do you say "lonely hearts" in Esperanto?
Kiu estas la origino de la ĉapelitaj literoj?
What is the assumed subject of -u form verbs
Is Ni povas fari ĝin! a good translation of "We can do it"?
Recommended English-Esperanto dictionaries?
When is it appropriate with technical or scientific words to use transliteration vs the original word?
How has Linux geek culture reacted to Esperanto over the years?
Word construction with an adjective
Can I duplicate an affix for exaggerated effect?
Netransitiva uzo de «indi»
How important really is stress in pronunciation?
Ĉu estas paĝo por kongresoj kaj aliaj eventoj?
How do you say "grounding", as in a grounding aroma?
Are there any supported top charts for songs in Esperanto?
Usage of impersonal passive constructions in Esperanto
Edziga formulo en Esperanto
How can I find out which morphemes a word contains?
Is it clear what seks- means?
At which point an esperantist should read the Fundamenta Krestomatio?
Where can I get a language helper now that lernu.net has removed that feature?
Does every root have an assigned primary use?
Which Esperanto youtubers have subtitles to their videos?
Can I use the word "trovi" for opinions?
What does the combination "sed tamen" mean?
What is the difference between "ade" and "daŭre"?
Is PIV an infallible reference
Kio estas la diferenco inter "volonte" kaj "libervole"?
Kiel oni diras "I mean..." en Esperanto?
How can I say "belong (somewhere)"?
Kiel esperantigi la esperimon "O2O"
Ĉu oni uzu "knufli"?
Why are there two words for "heart"?
What is "cute" in Esperanto?
What is the easiest way to find Esperantized names of cities?
When should I use "vesto"?
‘play music’ en Esperanto
It takes X time
Kiel mallongigi kunmetitajn vortojn?
Kiel oni povas mallongigi la vortojn „ŝalti/malŝalti“ aŭ „enŝalti/elŝalti“?
How to correctly pronounce the "ie" in "scienco"?
Kiel "esperantigi" Stack Exchange? / How to "esperantize" Stack Exchange?
Ebleco, eblo aŭ eblaĵo?
Do adjectives or adverbs describe "tio"?
Kiom ofta estas la uzo de "en" kun temposubstantivoj?
Is there a better expression for "over there" than "tie"?
I-verbo kun relativa «kiu»
Kiel oni tradukas „blurb“?
What is the difference between "afero" and "aĵo"?
How to choose fid- versus kred-?
How can I say "I wonder"?
What is a good translation for "nerd" in the modern sense?
How to pronounce eŭ
Kiom da lingvoj Zamenhof povas paroli?
Kiel oni tradukus «make a friend»?
What is the word for "okay"?
How do you say "play hard to get" in Esperanto?
How to translate "far right" and "far left" (politics)?
Ĉu estas iu ajn sciencfikcia filmo en kiu troviĝas Esperanto?
How can I express "to be supposed to"?
How can I say "overwhelming"?
What do "liberala" and "liberalismo" mean in Esperanto?
Why is Ŭ the only hat-letter [Ĉ, Ĝ, Ĥ, Ĵ, Ŝ, Ŭ] that doesn't use a circumflex?
Which if any esperanto words are not viable as affixes for constructing new words?
What is "cookie" in Esperanto?
What word should I use for "funeral"?
"far"="fare de", "per"="pere de", ĉu oni povus apliki ĉi tiun regulon al aliaj vortoj?
How do you say "to name after"?
When I assign sex to an animal, does it become li / ŝi?
Kio estas la diferenco inter "skatolo" kaj "kesto"?
Why was "kaj" chosen?
How do I refer to intelligent life?
What's "feedback" in Esperanto?
Is there any difference between 'ree' and 'denove'?
Intermediate and advanced Esperanto learning books (lernolibroj)
Are some bad habits being observed among Duolingo alumni?
What's "think tank" in Esperanto?
How do you say "creepy"?
Is there a popular translation for brain-freeze, yet?
What is the Esperanto word for "intermediate"?
When it comes to Mexico, whom should be follow? – Benson, or Wells?
What's the Esperanto word for "blockchain"?
A (blank)'s worth
Season (of a tv show)
Ĉu Esperanto havas substantivojn, kiuj povas nur esti pluralaj?
Are there other alternatives to "ekzemple"?
What is the equivalent of "a"?
Kie oni povus legi la originalan Kumeŭaŭa-n en Esperanto?
Converting verbs to nouns
How do people publish books in Esperanto?
What is "jewelry" in Esperanto?
Is there a list of words with the -um- ending?
What is the name for the dash character
Is Esperanto language's pronunciation systematic?
Esperanto word for (gymnast’s) mat
When is -o- added between roots in kunmetaĵoj?
What idioms are similar to "being pissed off" (e.g. really upset)?
What is the difference between the many words for "number"?
Sankta Tago de Zamenhof?
Kiel traduki Esperante tiun ĉi ludkarton?
How to say "stirring spoon" in Esperanto?
To keep from (phrase-translation)
What's the difference between the words "aĵo" and "esto" and "estaĵo"
How old is a "knabino"?
What is the difference between sekva and sekvanta?
Which is correct: "Kiom da jaroj vi havas?" or "Kiom da jarojn vi havas?"
Speeding/traffic ticket
Can I make adjectives of letter names?
Ĉu la tabelvorto "ĉies" signifas "de ĉiu" aŭ "de ĉiuj"?
Should I use "komencas" or "komenciĝas" when talking about which letter a word begins with?
When is the prefix ne- and when is it mal-?
Kion signifas fini demandon per "do"?
How does Nombro De make sense?
"It seems to me" statements
Is using the copula with an adjective more idiomatic?
Using adjectives to denote possession
Kiam Uzi "ĝi" kaj ne uzi "ĝi"
About "ĉu" and "se" in clauses
Using an adjective when there is no noun?
Adverb or adjective for tio
De kie venas la vorto «ĉikani»?
Translating single-word commands
Translating the word "workbench" into esperanto
How to translate card game terms?
Compound Tenses
Difference between ĉar and pro
Esperanto and LaTeX
Are people misusing the ek- verbs?
What are English/Esperanto counterparts regarding the vocabulary pertenaing to discourse segmentation?
Why do adjective share their noun's ending?
What affix, if any, can be used to reference an element of array?
Kio estas la diferenco inter bezoni kaj necesi?
Ĉu "kosmo" postulas la artikolon "la"?
Ĉu ĝustas diri "veganaj homoj"?
Where can I find terms and expressions related to mathematics?
What is "to skip" in Esperanto?
How to say "to master Esperanto"?
Akuzativo kaj "en"
Are garden-path sentences possible in Esperanto?
Difference Between Nombro and Numero
How do you say "so what?" in Esperanto?
Is there an official word for teenager?
Ĉu vi faras gravan malsamecon inter plen/ kaj tut/ leksemoj?
La objekto de "demandi"
How to make an adjective of "tie"?
Translated sentences of Kellerman's 'A complete grammar of Esperanto'
Car and driving vocabulary
Ĉu oni povas kunigi vortojn per aliaj kategoriaj finaĵoj, ol "-o"?
Ĉu estas bona traduko por la angla vorto «gate»?
Is it possible to say the time in 24 hour?
If a word is a plural object, which suffix comes first?
Proper names + a
What can come before "dankon"? Kio povas esti dirata antaŭ "dankon"?
Is "saĝa" equivalent to "smart" nowadays?
How do you format the hour in Esperanto?
How to say "rather"?
Language with sounds closest to Esperanto
La nuanco inter du malsametaj “ni”
What are the differences between word roots for "walking"
How would you translate the concept of "best friend"/"bestie" in a single word?
How would say someone had a "thick" or "broad" accent?
How to translate "smoothie" in Esperanto?
Work related words
Hiking in Esperanto
Do we use the accusative with "tra"?
Can I in principle replace any preposition by -n?
How do you say "to miss out"?
Kiel vi dirus "welcome back" en Esperanto?
Best place to travel if you wanna speak Esperanto?
How can I say "to get one's hair cut"?
What is the difference between "gaja", "ĝoja" and "feliĉa"?
Short and concise way of saying "Don't we all."
How do you translate "media file"
Kiel oni nomas la mampintojn de viroj (kiuj havas viran korpon)?
Kiel bone traduki ‘a rough diamond’ aŭ ‘a diamond in the rough’
How to translate the "snooze" button on an alarm clock?
How do you translate "trustee"?
Do Esperanto lexemes have base types or are there neutral roots?
Are there multiple ways to say yes in esperanto?
How should the Morgenbesser retort (“Yeah, yeah.”) be rendered in Esperanto?
Where do you put the accusative when the object is a sentence?
Can the ĝi pronoun be used for a person?
Kio estas la Esperanta vorto de ‘Athlete's foot’?
What are the usual use cases for -ont- forms?
How can I translate these sentences from Ido?
How to translate photo manipulation ("photoshopping") and the resulting manipulated image?
How do you translate "Executive Director"?
How do you say QR code?
Are there Esperanto variants in ISO 639 codes?
What is the difference between "torto" and "kuko"?
Kiel traduki „daŭrajn gerundiojn“ en programoj?
Kiel traduki la vorton „Done!“ en programo?
How to translate "foam peanuts", "packing peanuts", "styrofoam popcorn", "packing noodles"?
How to say "I added" (editing a document)
Kio estas la signifo de "pli farinta"?
Kio estas "Politkleriga Fako" kaj "Ĉefpolitkleriga Fako"?
How to say "There was controversy surrounding the iPhone 7's release"
What is laŭŝajne in Esperanto?
Kiel traduki ‘give a big hand’
Comparative and superlative in Esperanto
How do you say ‘nappe’ in Esperanto?
Kiel traduki 'slot' esperante?
If you translate "individually" with "unuope", how would you translate "collectively" accordingly?
Do you know an eloquent presentation of the differences between the miscellaneous locative prepositions?
How do you translate a subordinate clause, introduced by a negation?
Can one use -ot- and -ont knowing that the expected never happened?
What is "vaccinium corymbosum" in Esperanto?
Kiel traduki "Touchdown"?
antaŭ ol + infinitive?
What is "I'm single" in Esperanto?
Ĉu "endi" estas transitiva aŭ netransitiva?
Kiel ĉu vi tradukas "tab/tabulation"?
Which word should I use for "nickname"?
How to translate into Esperanto the movement Foodsharing or Disco Soup
Kiuj reformoj plifaciligus Esperanton al azianoj?
How do you say “mondegreen” in Esperanto?
How do you say "sweater" in Esperanto?
How can I say "It was worth it"?
How do you say “praxis” in Esperanto?
Kial estas "la la" en ĉi tiu frazo?
How do you say “phonestheme” in Esperanto?
Ĉu Zamenhof ne intencis Esperanton por instruado?
noun + that was (not) + verb: -is or -iĝis?
Ke vs. kiu: which one to use?
What's the difference between "kvankam" and "tamen"?
Is there a difference between "temperaturo" and "varmeco"?
Why "foj" is repeated in "fojfoje"?
Kiel traduki "to be involved in"?
How do you say ‘navel orange’ in Esperanto?
How do you say "Count me in" or "I'm up for that!"?
What's the word for "meme"
Ĉu ekzistas Esperanta ĵurnalo kies artikoloj estas tradukaĵoj de diversaj landaj ĵurnaloj?
How do you say ‘torc’ in Esperanto?
Ĉu "deprimo" kaj "depresio" estas tute la samaj aferoj?
What makes ĉu necessary?
When did Couturat say Esperanto lacks recursion?
Does Esperanto have any rules about the transitivity of verbs?
Ĉu oni uzu "la" aŭ "mia" kiam oni parolas pri siaj propraj korpopartoj?
Kiel oni nomu sian estron en la laborejo?
Neniu postlasota ino!
Por nekonata kvanto, cxu oni uzu "kiu" aux "kiuj"?
What is the difference between "lernanto" and "studanto"?
Ĉu "pluvi" povas havi subjekton aŭ objekton?
What is the difference between "sana" and "saniga"?
How can I say "relate (to someone)" in Esperanto?
What is "a snack" in Esperanto?
What is the best word to translate «anomaly»?
Why do you use a definite article before a language name?
Esperanto KER Exams
Learning words that don't have translations
How do you say ‘cavitation’ in Esperanto?
Kial "plej" postulas difinan artikolon?
Does there exist a mnemonic in Esperanto for the first 8 digits of pi?
How do you say ‘fungible’ in Esperanto?
How do you say ‘liquidity’ (in the sense of ‘easily convertible to cash’) in Esperanto?
How do you say ‘Pilish’ in Esperanto?
Ĉu estas ĝuste diri «ĝis» por signifi «iam antaŭ»?
Kiel oni diras „just for the sake of it“ esperante?
Kio estas la vera signifo de "muĝi"?
What are the big events that help spread the Esperanto Language
What is "to afford" in Esperanto?
What do you think about the claim that Esperanto's lexicon is too Romance-based?
Kion diri pri manĝaĵoj kiuj "malboniĝis"?
How to transliterate 中文 in Mandarin pronunciation to Esperanto?
Ĉu estas ĝuste diri "banĉambro" pri ĉambro, kie oni ne baniĝas?
Why do dĵ (ĝ) and tŝ (ĉ) have special characters, but ks does not?
Esperanto rise or fall in 2016
How do you say "easter egg hunt" in Esperanto?
Book of vocabulary organized by themes
How do you say ‘grandpa’ and ‘grandma’ in Esperanto?
Any experience and advice on KER B exam?
What is "phone call" in Esperanto?
Ĉu oni diras "alta kvalito" aŭ "bona kvalito"?
Ĉu oni pagas ion aŭ por io?
Kiel oni mallongigas tempajn unuojn?
How do you say ‘wetland’ in Esperanto?
How do you say ‘auto-antonym’ in Esperanto?
Prefixes vs Suffixes: Which one is strongest?
How do you say ‘confabulation’ in Esperanto?
How would you say 'echo chamber' in Esperanto?
How often are new loans fully integrated into Esperanto?
Raso/popolo/gento/etno/loĝantaro
What’s the deal with “fariĝi”?
How do you say ‘sockdolager’ in Esperanto?
List of Original Esperanto Works
KD and TTT – any other Esperantizations of global tech abbreviations?
Are there any big-company ads in Esperanto?
Use of Esperanto in Science Fiction
Kiel oni tradukas la anglan esprimon "data usage" al Esperanto?
Are there any professional Esperanto translators?
Different Esperanto Dictionaries
«Ekzistas» kiel traduko de «there is» / «il y a»
What is "deep fried" in Esperanto?
Where can I find science fiction novels originally written in Esperanto?
Is there a (possibly online) dictionary of electronics in Esperanto?
What is the difference between "bildrakonto" and "komikso"?
Kiel oni diras seka nazmukaĵo en la naztruo?
How to translate "they" when it is refering to a single company, group, or country?
Kiu nivelo de domo estas la "unua etaĝo"?
What is the difference between "grajno" and "greno"?
Who helped Michael Jackson write Esperanto?
Is there a reference Eo lexicon for version control?
Where can I interact with other Esperanto speaking psychologists?
How do you say ‘axiomatize’ in Esperanto?
How do you say ‘-crat’ in Esperanto?
"ties de", "la de" aŭ "tiu(j)(n) de"
How many prepositions in a row are possible in Esperanto?
Ĉu la pasiva formo "esti x[iao]ta" maloftiĝas favore al la uzado de -iĝ-?
What do you call a thing from YouTube in Esperanto?
Ĉu oni "ludas" kiam oni alklakas la butonon?
Kiel traduki la germanan vorton "Streuselkuchen"?
How do you say status in Esperanto?
What would you call a "fidget spinner" in Esperanto?
What motivated the choice of Esperanto in the Saga comic?
Why do some compound words leave out the "o"?
Has Esperanto ever been successfully reformed?
Are there prepositions that cannot be replaced by "je"?
Kion Zamenhof uzis anstataŭ «pluraj»?
Are prepositions with "ke" valid? ("pri ke", "pro ke", "por ke", ...)
Word order & equivalent sentences
Correct word form
Playing with => ludi je?
How to translate "constraint"?
Proverbs in Esperanto
Uses of Word Order in Esperanto
What is the proper way to pronouce EJ?
Kion mi deziru al malsanulo?
Should I use nominative or accusative after kun?
The letter O and the sound it makes
What's the most poetic way to translate this song line?
Kiel oni diras «mac and cheese»?
Anyone know where to find the Ilya Frank method's Esperanto books?
Kion signifas la vorto 'montsuvereno'?
Kial nomiĝas la pilko en futbalo 'piedpilko', kaj ne futbalpilko?
Vortoj pri uzo de e-cigaredo
What's the suggested Esperanto word for "payload"?
Kio estas la esperanta vorto de "Doughnut"?
Can object and subject be switched places with accusative?
What's the Esperanto word for "Airbourne"
How is the Ĥ letter pronounced?
Pronunciation of 'o' in Esperanto
How would you say “I should not have taught you that”?
How do i say "Do you consider yourself happy?"
Kio estas la diferenco inter "mallibera" kaj "nelibera"?
Does Esperanto use the Double Accusative?
Uzo de la os-tempo post «se»
Ĉu "sudo" estas ĝusta en la frazo?
Kiel oni diras "meme" en Esperanto?
What is "upside down" and "inside out" in Esperanto?
Does Esperanto have a hidden Allative case?
"Sen rigardi": Which preposition+infinitive combos are possible?
book search engine?
Ne forlasu rilatan KI-vorton
Can infinitives be subjects?
Why don’t I words take the N ending?
Does Esperanto make people friendlier?
How would one say "Every once and a while"?
Ĉu ekzistas komunumo en StackExchange kie oni nur parolas esperante?
Ĉu eblas subjekto kun infinitivo?
Which letter would be hardest to avoid in an Esperanto lipogram?
How to translate the expression "in which"?
Are there any true homonyms in Esperanto?
Newspaper and Video Channel in Esperanto
What does the sentence mean?
Elizio aŭ ellaso de fina vokalo en kantado
Esperanto en as English in
Kion signifas «pro neniu kialo mi akceptis la inviton»?
What would be a "night owl" in Esperanto?
What would be a "lark" or "early bird" in Esperanto
Cxu "migrado" povas signifi "montmarsxado"?
Position of unemphatic pronouns
Kial ne “okulvitro” anstataŭ “okulvitroj” se kaj “pantalono” kaj “tondilo” estas singularaj?
How do you say open marriage?
Is there a general term for marriage which doesn’t exclude gay marriage?
What should be the translation of ‘Panama’?
Meaning of “cent pomoj” versus “cento(n) da pomoj”
Language with grammar closest to Esperanto
Esperanto stress with dipthongs
Kion signifas kesito?
Feasible trip itineraries using only Pasporta Servo?
In the English language or about the English language?
Kion signifas "k" ĉi tie?
When should I use "tion, kion" or just "kion"?
Where is Esperanto taught in schools?
Is there a preposition for "composed of"?
How do you translate "vorko" in English
About the "object" of a sentence
Ĉu ekzistas esprimo por "head or tail" / "pile ou face" / "Kopf oder Zahl"
Song in esperanto
How do I know when to use the predicative?
Ĉu «subteksto» aŭ «subtekstoj»?
Anthropomorphism in Esperanto
Should I use pronouns when speaking in the imperative?
Ĉu ekzistis aŭ ekzistas Esperanta mono?
What’s esperanto word for “aloft”
what are the appropriate date and time prepositions
How would you say "mindful" without losing meaning?
Is it incorrect not to use "sia"?
How often is "esperanto" used in Esperanto?
Difference between tranĉi and tranĉa
Uzo de ĉar + A-vorto
Difference between ties and ĝia
When do sentence fragments take the accusative?
Android eBook reader with Esperanto dictionary integration
How do you say "hangover" in Esperanto?
Where can I discuss Esperanto online?
Esperanto terms and abbreviations for video game terminology
Kio estas la diferenco inter "jako" kaj "mantelo"?
"da" rilate al A-vorto
How would you name a "mechanical pencil" in Esperanto?
Mallongigoj Specialaj de Vortaro.net
Stepfather: vicpatro or duonpatro?
"Stresiĝi" kontraŭ "Ek-stresi"
Are double consonants pronounced distinctively from single consonants in Esperanto?
How to translate "Pescatarian" into Esperanto?
How to say "attendance/absence" in Esperanto
Difference between kuracisto and doktoro?
What is the best suggestion for "iteration" in Esperanto?
Native for Esperanto "Reprezenti" verb?
What are the Esperanto words for 'yaw' and 'pitch' of an aeroplane?
What would be the roadmap to propose a spelling reform?
Infinitive after komenci
Where is the object in the example sentences for definition #2 of the verb "atendi" in PIV?
How would you say "relevant pictures" in Esperanto?
Why is Pasporta Servo Not Allowing Me to Register?
Does Esperanto evolve?
How to refer to a specific decade?
How do you translate a row of infinitive words in Esperanto?
Is "ŝien" a meaningful word?
sen followed by a clause
Why “kion” instead of “kiun” in this sentence?
Were the Chronicles of Narnia ever translated to Esperanto?
Ĉu oni povas plani renkonti iun?
Kien meti prepozicion en frazo kun "unu la alia"?
Is “ni faras ambaŭ X kaj Y” an anglicism?
Why does the name "The Lord of the Rings" use 'l'' instead of 'la'?
What does “euphoniae gratia” mean in the English version of the fundamento?
Ekzercoj el "Paŝoj al plena posedo"
How to say “to set a clock”
Exceedingly Complex Tenses
Ĉu oni povas diri "bonaj novaĵoj" kvankam estas nur unu peco de informo?
Understanding properly what's being said
Esperanta vorto por “bouldering”
Ĉu estas ĝuste, ke oni uzas "paŝtaĵo"n anstataŭ "paŝtejo"?
Kiel oni tradukus aŭ Esperantigus la vorton „Aggadah“
Comparative with a clause
How to contact the 'akademio de esperanto'
How to translate “end-to-end encryption”?
Where to learn Esperanto?
Translation of “Leave of absence”
What is the difference between “tio” and “ke”?
Uzo de komo antaŭ "ke" aŭ "ĉu"
What is the origin of the suffix ING?
How would you translate the concept of an X-sitter
"rilate" + N-finaĵo
Difference between fari and farti
(sen)depende de + ĉu
Nobel Prize winning literature translated to Esperanto
How can I translate "Pardonu !"?
What is the difference between "anarĥiisto" and "anarkiisto"?
How many roots exists in common usage and officially compared to other languages?
Why is Esperanto a noun, but other languages are adjectives?
What is the difference between "postuli" and "demandi"?
Kiel oni devus diri la literojn 'ng'?
What is the difference between "ĝis" and "al?"
Is there a suffix "-or-" in Esperanto?
Is there a kind of Wordreference website for Esperanto?
"La konstruaĵo estas proksime / proksima de mi" -- Adverbo aŭ Adjektivo?
La du signifoj de “lasta”
De kio estas la etimologio de "saluton"?
Demando pri "lasi" kun "I-verbo"
Traduko de [de] "Pfanne" [en] "Flash Pan" [nl] "Kruitpan"
Double letters in Esperanto
Why is initial J- allowed in Esperanto but not initial Ŭ-?
How are animal names translated into Esperanto?
Is "ĝi estas bona" abbreviated to "estas bona" or "estas bone"?
What is the difference between «nun» and «ĉi tiam»
What's the status of Esperanto in the Orient, in Asia and in the Far East?
Which language becomes easiest after Esperanto?
Fiĝioj vs Fiĝio: When should island groups have the plural ending?
Is there academic studies or surveys on ideologies within Esperanto?
traduko: Die Mutter wäscht dem Kind die Haare
What's the difference between multe and ofte?
When one uses "povu" instead of "devas", what is the nuance?
How does one express the English phrase "on your person" in Esperanto?
What's the current status of Esperanto movement in North Korea?
Kio estas la signifo de "falsidas"?
"La" with pair organs
General rule for translating a combined word like "fish farm" "car factory" “dog story”
How to say "Money Back Guarantee" in Esperanto?
In what sense does "tio" mean "this"? (or does it?)
Is there a word for extended form of "lol" ("lolololol...")?
Ĉu ekzistas regulo por ordigi multajn adjektivojn en Esperanto?
Word order when using "estas" to denote "all As are Bs"
How do you say "continue doing"?
How do you say "stay oriented" in Esperanto?
Text correction
La signifo de forlaso de la artikolo
"Pli malgranda" aŭ "malpli granda"?
How to translate the pro- suffix from English?
Logic behind "ĉiu"?
How to say "add fuel to the fire" in Esperanto?
Seeking a translation for a specific use of the English word "claim"
Ŝanĝiĝo de akcento rilate aldonon de -on al fremdaj nomoj
tiom pri... kiel pri...
Kiel traduki el la angla "item", kiam oni ne povas uzi la vorton "elemento"?
Ekkrio pro malpureco aŭ naŭziĝo
Translating "X would be as if Y"
Translation of names
KER B2 to C1 study advice
Why is there no plural "kio," like "kioj?"
How free is word order in a sentence with infinitives
Ĉu "pove" estas vorto?
Grammar for ordinal numbers greater than 10
Kio estas la indikilo de ŝanĝo de aktualaĵo en Esperanto?
What are origins of basic suffixes?
Are different writing systems other than (extended) Latin alphabet used in Esperanto?
What is the purpose of the -aĵ- suffix?
How to translate "tutorial"?
Double suffixes?
What is ”size” in Esperanto?
How to use letters in accusative?
Is the Esperanto infinitive ambiguous?
Kiel disting(ig)i du signifojn de "kiel"?
Kiel diri "bonvolu" sen aldona verbo? How to say "please" without another verb?
O-vorto + post + O-vorto
Can affixes appear in roots?
“I am sleepy” in Esperanto
Kion ekzakte signifas la sufikso «-em-»?
La kvanto da fiŝoj en la maro pli kaj pli "malmultas/malmultiĝas"?
What is the correct word for "Future"?
How to translate "rape"?
Who is "Kola Adzaj" - an African Esperantist present at the 1937 World Congress in Warsaw, Poland?
Verb form used for sounds in Comics
Verb form in Esperanto Cooking Recipes
paniki, panikigi kaj panikiĝi
What is the difference between "flari" and "odori"?
Ĉu “trapasi ekzamenon” signifas ke oni sukcesis je ĝi?
Kiom traduki "unit [of measurement]" (de "Maßeinheit")?
Vi amas kiu aŭ kiun?
How do you say 'tamale' in Esperanto?
How do you say 'turnabout' in Esperanto?
How do you say 'entrechat' in Esperanto?
Who interviewed whom?
How do you say ‘vegetable oil’ in Esperanto?
How to translate "trade mark" or "brand" (whether registered or not)?
Kiel esprimi la ideon de “to pick up [something]”
How do you say 'ho hum' in Esperanto?
What would one call a lunar "mansion"?
Kiel (idiomate) diri "Merry Christmas" en Esperanto?
How to say "Season's greetings" in Esperanto?
Islamic terms in Esperanto
Which is the appropriate translation of 'multilingual'?
Ĉu ekzistas Esperanto-nomo por "Daddy Long-Legs"?
How to say 'Poke someone in the ribs' in Esperanto?
Why does 'feliĉe' mean "unfortunately" whilst 'feliĉa' means "happy"?
Kion signifas "duonkruda"?
Is there an online Esperanto word stem "diagrammer?"
How do you say, ‘I wiped down the table.’ in Esperanto?
How do you say "pesto" in Esperanto, referring to the sauce?
Ĉu estas diferenco inter "teĥniko" kaj "tekniko"?
How to translate "technology"?
How to say "files are in descending order of their names" in Esperanto?
How do you say 'more egalitarian' in Esperanto?
Ĉu ekzistas vorto en Esperanto por la angla vorto "jobsworth"?
How do you say that a song is catchy and stuck in your head?
Ĉu traduku aŭ ĉu ne traduku varmarkon? Should trade marks / brand names be translated?
Ĉu ekzistas registro de Esperantaj idiomoj?
How do you say "to take a field trip"?
Vortordo kun subfrazo kun «ke»
Esperanto evolution from "unua libro" to "fundamento"
Kiel diri "flash card" en Esperanto? (instruhelpilo, ne elektronika disponaĵo por fotilo kpt.)
Where to go for news in Esperanto?
Where can I find recent scientific literature about Esperanto?
How many native speakers of Esperanto are there?
What youth organizations are there that are active in Esperanto?
Kiel diri "index card" / "Karteikarte" en Esperanto?
Which article about Esperanto has been most widely read?
What is the difference between do, tiel, tial, tiom, and sekve?
Why use "librejo" to mean bookstore?
Kiel traduki «got him killed»?
Kiel eltrovi mian Esperanta nivelon laŭ KER? How can I find out my Esperanto level according to CEFRL?
Ĉu ekzistas etimologia vortaro de Esperanto?
Kiel traduki "plain text" (nur-teksta dosierformo)?
Is there an Esperanto online dictionary meta search?
Kiel diri @ en Esperanto?
Kion signifas "malpermesantaj" kaj la dikita frazo?
What's the most common reason for learning Esperanto?
How to translate “backstop”?
How can I find videos with subtitles in Esperanto?
When should I use the pronoun "ri"?
When should I use the pronoun "ĝi"?
How do I translate "overtake"?
How do I say "uh-oh" in Esperanto?
How do you formally wish someone well?
Need help in translation for a letter written to my grandfather in esperanto
How can I say 'Formatting needed'?
What is the difference between the words "fariĝi" and "okazi" when meaning "to happen"?
Pronunciation of "r" in Esperanto
Minimumaj paroj inter afrikato kaj plosivo+frikativo
In what time are the honorable names of dead people?
Suffixes -unt and -ut-
Etymology of kato and kata
How to say “lines”, like in a play
What does "mufe" mean?
What's the difference between ending an adjective with -o and with -eco
Hyphenation and syllable and morpheme boundaries
Esperanto discord server?
How to know, when NOT to use accusative?
Can proper nouns have plural forms?
Kion signifas ‘garnizonta’? Ĉu tajperaro?
How do you say "made by"?
Ĉu la vorto “motorfiakro” ekzistas?
Literature in Esperanto and English
Kiel diri "close-up" aŭ "zoom in"?
Ĉu iu havas informon pri la muzikgrupo La Verda Stel’?
Esperanto Essive Case?
Kion signifas "herniulo"?
"By the way, ..." How to express relatedness of topics in conversation?
Words with double letters claimed to be used by Zamenhof but not found in Tekstaro in his texts
How do you say 'fey' in Esperanto?
How to translate "infusion"? (The potentially intravenous kind, not herbal tea.)
How to translate "telephone" or "Chinese whispers"?
Esperanto word for a "seed" (for a random number generator)
Does 'Bebojn facile timigas per la tondro' sound natural?
How would one say 'passing a buck' in Esperanto?
How would one say "gracious" with grac- instead of graci-?
Ĉu -io estas sufikso?
Esperanto word formation ambiguity
Ĉu DZ estas fonemo?
How do you say "odds" (related to betting) in Esperanto?
Pronoun for “la polico”
Kontraŭaj signifoj de 'aperi'
Does "invervjuo" cover all meanings of the English word "interview"?
How to say "bang" in Esperanto?
What to use in place of "oops" in Esperanto?
What are the chances of getting a Universala Kongreso ticket at the venue?
La plej bona traduko de la angla "Let's play it by ear"?
How to say aloud fractions without the -ono suffix?
Translation of “if that’s the case”
Tradukoj por 'Post a post'?
Is it correct to translate English noun adjuncts into adjectives?
korbopilko and korbopilkado
Date Format with Formal Correspondence
Kiel esperante diri "requirement" / "prerequisite" / "dependency" (de komputil-programo)
How to translate “that doesn’t count”
Nomo por skota bovo-specio: "Highland cow"
Modifying something with a phrase consisting of multiple words
Is "rondigi" for "rounding up" commonly understood?
