US citizen looking to visit UK for 1 year
Bringing insulin into US
How to be sure a medical appointment will be fully covered by a health insurance in the United States?
Change Of Visa Status From J1 to F1: No Reply From USCIS and About To Miss Semester Start Dates
How do I know if my H1B is transferable?
How to get a work permit for Canada from Malaysia (Indian passport holder)?
Got a Tier 2 UK Visa. Now what?
my partner has a job in spain. she has eu passport. i have australia. easiest way for me to stay there with her
applying for nie spain. port of entry stamp
About mitigating circumstance
Canadian applying for a French working holiday visa: How long in advance?
Green card, how to get it?
visa for extended non-EU family members
What happens if I file two H1-B visa application?
Does IOM provide accomodation for asylum seekers in Cuba?
what If I leave France without closing my account of french bank?
Is it possible to be register in two EU countries for health insurance?
Revoked visa and given a 5 year ban
What is the "/" in the addresses in Scotland stand for?
Getting married in Germany with a Schengen visa expiring soon
Getting Irish visa/work permit with EU residence permit?
Dutch citizenship through grandparents
Non EU spouse working rights
Doubt about salary
My overseas girlfriend are not using her own passport but we need to get married? so how?
Canada certificate program
Is it possible for a visitor on a Schengen visa to have the visa extended under extenuating circumstances?
How can an American citizen working in India easily and cheaply send money to a bank account in the USA?
PPACA "no insurance" fee for American expats living abroad
How can I marry an Italian citizen while I'm in Italy on a tourist visa?
Can a US Citizen (married to a German) work remotely for a US company and stay on US payroll/benefits and not be an expat?
Apply for UK Residence Card for non EEA family member of an EEA national
Canada PGWP - Immigrate my spouse to Canada, What are my options?
J-1 visa home country residency requirement
Work experience
common law partner requirement
Downside of withdrawing you passport
Gender in USA Childcare vs UK
Can I renew chinese passport if I renounce US citizenship?
What happens if my second year visa gets refused while I am in New Zealand and have no money for a flight out of the country?
Are there countries that allow a foreigner to change their name through their laws while in that country, without PR Status?
Dual Citizenship between US and England
Under which dutch taxation scheme does the following activity fall into?
Can I be a tax nomad?
Ex-pats in the Philippines and the 'Real Property Tax'
Who to list as an emergency contact when living overseas?
Is it safe to send my passport my national ID with my application for a residence card?
Changing States to renew driving licence while living abroad
H1B or Green Card - Please help
Can a english(non-chinese) speaker survive living in Beijing?
Non-EU girlfriend (wife?) following me to Germany - how can she work?
restriction about leaving with visitor visa an comback with short term student visa?
What is the process to cancel my child's Chinese citizenship?
Part-time job along with an internship in University to manage expense?
Australian student visa rejected because of GTE. Will it affect New Zealand student visa?
Ireland student visa after UK tier 4 refused
Traveling without the EU spouse!
Applying to NSW State sponsorship with 55 points
Credit card - "building credit" and applying for cards
As a legal foreigner, how I can open a US dollar bank account in Chile?
US citizen coming to UK for work and subsequent studies
Tax Refund from Germany on Student Visa
Ov-chipkaart for non-eu student with Dutch partner
As an EEA national in the UK for 5+ years, how do you get a "permanent residence card" or "document that shows you have permanent residence"?
Riding motorcycle in Sydney
What's the repercussion of being a citizen or lawful permanent resident of Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria or Sudan when applying for a job in the US?
Working for a dutch company through a US company
Canadian Residency
Is it possible to renew an H1B visa in a Caribbean country?
Dutch citizenship after years
Refused leave to enter UK
How can I ask the home office to send my husband's passport back before they do it?
Resources to translate official French documents (diplomas, birth certificate, etc.) into English
Living in the Netherlands, working in the UK
UK visa for pregnant partner
How do WorkAway and HelpXers do volunteer work for individuals when UK requires Visa and charity sponsorship
Korean partner studying the in the US, I want to move with her
I live in New Zealand and have a job offer from an Australian company. It's a remote position. Can I stay in New Zealand and work?
Tel Aviv safety, cost of living, etc
Can I work from Turkey temporarily for a US employer (Telework)?
W8-BEN / W9 mandatory for J2 (J1-dependent)? If so, how to get an ITIN?
F1 Visa and Bank statement requirement
Income tax status for US citizen married to G-4 visa holder
Obtaining German residence permit when someone guarantees
What is the UK correspondence to this job
Waiting time for the Certificate of Application for non-EU residence card application
Will I get SSN automatically or I have to apply for it?
Is 300 euros a month enough to live on in Portugal?
What is my net salary in California out of 150k$?
Trying to figure out my tax residency
3 year Degree from India and 20 years experience
Is it possible to be a white African American?
Non EU-citizen spouse working rights
Is it possible to get "autorisation provisoire de séjour" (APS) after leaving France?
Ireland - Temporary consulting work needs visa?
Paying of Tax at the Airport in Australia?
How much time Dubai Ministry will take to give a employment visa?
Possessing two residence IDs of different Schengen countries
Tax treaty benefits: when was my "date of arrival"?
what's the waiting time for the biometric appoinment?
Where am I resident for tax purposes?
Healthcare in Portugal for Germans
EU - IDP License query!
How long does it take to get a Canadian student visa?
Does a UK family visa require employment with a UK firm?
IELTS score | secondary applicant & primary applicant
Is a change from "J-1 Short-Term Scholar" to "J-1 Research Scholar" a "Change of Status"?
How should a car be registered to a UK company in order to drive it while working on the continent?
Driver's license stolen... from a state I no longer have any connection to... how do I get a replacement?
Can my partner get a working visa for Spain to accompany me while I undertake a PhD?
Working from Ireland for a company in the Netherlands - Tax Bracket
How do I find a London bank that offers accounts as a US person?
Leaving Australia on a foreign passport
How to manage personal life when deciding to move in another country?
Actual wait time for interview on immediate relative sponsorship
Tax treaty exemption for scholarship as a researcher: can I choose the tax treaty article?
How much money does one need to deposit in order to move to Germany for education?
Looking at 3rd Citizenship
Move to UK before Brexit referendum. Do I need to wait?
Am I able to get a UK passport
Validity after leaving France of the "Carte de séjour membre de famille d'un citoyen de l'union"
Is there any rule or standard for the names that should go on the mailbox and door bell?
Birth certificate does not have a name for Change of Status Greencard
Can I travel with a BRP on a maiden name?
Applying for US student visa (F1) from a foreign country
Waiting time to receive German license
How long I can legally stay in US with H4?
Apply for H1B from F1 without OPT
Processing time for Green Card after admission to US on immigrant visa
Does a visa run in Taiwan really involve applying for a new visa every time, or just relying on visa-exempt passport entry?
Forgot to notify Immigration Bureau of Japan about job transfer
Can I use previous Visa(still Valid) before new visa becomes valid?
Mailing an envelope overseas with return postage
Can I obtain some land on lease from the government to do some livestock farming?
How long does US expatriation take?
UK Immigration - is it legal to work remotely from UK as a dependent of a spouse holding a Student Visa
Is there a mandatory delay between a J1 and an H1B visa?
Renewing J-1 and J-2 visas
What Visa do we need for the USA as NZ citizens?
What Visa do we need for Mexico as New Zealanders?
HK to UK Driving license
How to activate electronic signature of German 'Personalausweis' (while abroad)
How long does it take to process a green card for a H-1B holder?
Traveling to India (home country) from UK on Tier 2
Is is mandatory to convert status from PIO (Person of Indian Origin) to OCI (Overseas Citizen of India)?
Am I eligible for a British Passport if my father was British, but I was born before my parents' married?
Does the US Social Security Administration need to see IRS returns for the 3 years previous before approving benefits?
UK Ancestry Visa - arrived 3 months after visa started - do I need to extend visa to apply to settle?
Is it possible to apply for a long-stay visa in Belgium while you are there on short-stay?
Do I need to have an ETA if I am getting work permit?
ICT Tier 2 Move back to UK
My fiancé is British and am from the Caribbean
"Visa Type/Class" after I-129 Change of Status approved
Dependent I-20 issued to Fiancee
Dual national with B-1 visa, now need F-1 but on other passport
Query regarding surnames and UK Visa applications
J-1 researcher, departed USA in middle of 2015. How to file 2015 tax return?
Driving fine and US visa application
UK Tier 2 visa sponsorship for an IT role by a small or large organisation
Permanent resident in France with Job offer in Germany
How to convert two different driving licenses into a single German license?
Acquiring Health Insurance (Moving to Sweden, living in US, dual citizen of US and Finland)
Bulgarian permanent residence and citizenship
Oath of allegiance while acquiring French citizenship through naturalization
Who to inform (in UK) following a divorce abroad?
Self-employed status in Moscow for residence card holders
How long have greencard holders to move in the USA?
What's the waiting time after the biometric information is sent to the home office?
How to set up a MEI in Brazil
NC State Tax return without ITIN
Will living 50 miles away from one's sponsored job affect an application to settle in the UK?
Denied entry to the UK two years ago - will this affect my Student Visa application?
German Private Health Insurance since 2004 NOW moving back to the UK
Applying a visa for working in Spain
US Citizen, Working remotely for a U.S. Company, travelling globally
Problem with my passport
US citizen working remotely for a US company wanting to stay in France for 9 month
Brokering Investment on F-1 OPT
Where can a skilled and upper middle class US citizen work?
UK dependant Visa Supporting Documents
Fulfilling J1-visa two-year residence, when you are no longer a citizen of "home country"
Aussie Expat living in US - taxed on paying off foreign mortgage
Immigrating to Germany as a US citizen with a criminal record and a German spouse
Leaving a J1 program early, but returning on an ESTA?
Studies Outside Quebec
Non-native English speaker teaching English in Asia
Is it possible to rent an apartment in Denmark without a CPR number?
Expired PR Card of Canada
Living with relatives & friends for an indefinite amount of time in Spain as an EU citizen
Can I travel out of Italy and re enter if my type D visa is still valid and permesso di soggiorno is expired?
Residence permit expires while travelling
Working remotely with US company in the UK, Ireland, Netherlands or Germany
EEA Family permit- extended family members
Skilled Migrant - AUS
How to prove that you've been living outside a country during a period?
UK Citizen, Implications of losing my UK Residency?
Am I UK non-resident based on significant ties?
Visa extension in Japan
Typical validity period of a J-1 visa
Why can't F-1 PhD international students no longer use CPT for summer internships anymore?
German Blue Card - working for a project in Sweden
Will I be subject to the 2 year J-1 Visa program?
UK Citizen, wife had ILR. Been away 4.5 years on International Contract, what happens when we return?
How many years will be deducted, if education in MSc Physics and experience in software engineer
Better to be honest about visa run when crossing border? (Chile-Argentina)
British citizenship of adopted son. I'm British by birth and live in America
What are the permit implications of voluntarily leaving a job as a US citizen Blue Card-holder in Germany?
Refused UK Visit Visa - now I want to study there
Activities in Vancouver for my visiting sister
Is it possible for the spouse of an EU citizen to work in Ireland while the residence permit application is pending?
When flying within Japan, is the zairyu card enough? Do I need my passport too?
How to bring my girlfriend permantly to Spain without getting married
Engineers Australia work experience assessment
How long can I legally overstay in the UK after my Tier 2 visa expires?
Dates for F-1 visa: Offer letter does not match I-20
Canada immigration
Overstaying residence visa(work permit issued by UDI) in Norway by 1 day(5-6 hrs actually)
How to get a secured credit card in USA as foreigner?
I am using a Visa card, I lived overseas, can I have the information about my visa being evaluated to have my USA credit score increased?
What kinds of questions will the immigration officer ask?
Visa requirements for a Norwegian Permanent Resident to remotely work for a UK employer
Address on US faxed ballot oath
Carte de séjour in France if I already have a long-stay visa--what's the point?
Working as a freelancer in France
Married in Cyprus
Replacement American SS Number with no American ID?
Switching to statutory health insurance from private in old age in Germany
Traveling to Mexico while in the U.S. with H4 Visa and returning using Automatic Visa Revalidation
Medical insurance for permanent resident parents Canada
Immigrant Visa or Tourist Visa
Moving to Australia after Bachelor's
Moving to the Netherlands while working for a UK company
Travel insurance cover under Obama Health or not
UK Citizen working and living in Australia moving to America but continuing to work for Aus company
Why do removal companies ask whether my company or myself is paying for the move?
EEA family permit & EEA National Registration Certificate Number
Green Card for Indian spouse
Employment Continuation if UK Tier 2 Sponsor/Company in Liquidation
Can I live in France and pay social security in Luxembourg?
Applying for Spain Student Visa from USA but I've overstayed in the past
Driver's License Renewal
Australia migration for Msc physics
Italian citizenship processing time
Status of emotional abuse laws in Japan
Born in USA to French father - how do I prove it?
Australia / New Zealand skilled permanent residence
Can I still get my degree when my tier 4 visa extension application refused?
Immigrating to UK after New Zealand same-sex marriage
Moving my car to Tijuana, Mexico from the US
Swiss salaries compared to US salaries
Does a non-EEA national, resident in Gibraltar, need a visa to visit Spain?
Residence in Germany with an EU spouse - can the non-EU spouse go over first?
What are my legal rights in France?
EEA Family Residence Card Refused - Should I appeal?
Can I obtain a waiver for my J-1's 2 year residence requirement based on government financing?
Michigan driver's license
Child settlement in uk
Postal address without fixed abode?
H1B Transfer Before Oct 1st
EEA Family permit application... please help
Am I a British citizen by descent?
Can I study at two universities using a single Short-Term Study visa?
The Diversity Visa Process
French naturalisation and CAF history - benefits an exclusion cause?
Which governmental bodies to inform if leaving UK
What are the restrictions on Romanian citizens in the EU?
Is (current) residence status conditional to one's citizenship(s)?
Is 500$/month sufficient to live in Olomouc (Czech Republic)?
Benefits of ISIC in EU (International Student Identity Card)
Austria Family reunification - A1 German level for spouse
Paid internship in Spain
Opening a French bank account in France for a French/USA dual citizen living in the USA
Holding ILR and having a child with British citizenship, can I be British before 12 months
Foreign wife of British citizen in Spain
I have a friend in Belgium that wants to move here to the US. She has a passport. We are trying to figure out how do do this
Get permission to live in italy
Visa for baby born in UK, parents on Tier 2 visa
Will it be a problem proving US citizenship if you've been away for 15+ years?
Pending change of status and extended i-94 about to expire
What is the proper clothing for a job interview in Australia?
Getting family permit form for non-EEA spouse in UK
Germany Employment Visa - "Have you lived in Germany before?" What is considered as living?
How to find long term accomodation online in France?
Healthcare in the UK -- would we have access to the NHS?
Can I go and work in the US while I wait for interview of an approved US petition?
Prior SSN now on spouse visa - do I need an ITIN
How long can I stay outside USA after having a Green Card
Do I need curtailment letter to apply for Further leave to remain in the UK
Exchange in the Netherlands - Working Holiday or Residence Visa
Tax treaty with France and two J1 visa
How do the legal systyems of Cuba, Costa Rica, Panama, and Ecuador compare to Mexico for retirees from the USA?
UK visa for a baby which type is better? And how much required
US license, registration, etc. in Canada
How do I move family items, antiques, art?
EEA spouse residence card refused. What can I do?
Getting a private health insurance in UK
French citizen living abroad, how to get my French passport?
Is the more you prove abroad income earnings the better you get a tax deduction or it's the opposite?
US citizen living in Israel – taxed where?
what does Biometric residence permit mean?
What kind of visa do I need to have a temporary job in London?
UK EEA Family Permit Refused - Urgent HELP needed - Marriage of convenience
My Australian and New Zealand student visas were declined
UK Pensions for US citizens - is an IRS Form 8621 (PFIC) ever needed?
How are UK ISAs treated for UK-resident US-citizens on their US tax returns?
EEA Resident Card
EEA Family permit and UK referendum
American marrying Italian in Italy- Document Translation and Apostille questions
Driving in the EU on UK licence
How to inform foreign office in Germany regarding Blue card when leaving Germany?
Can H1B share salary with his/her H4 dependent?
Choosing a place to fix/replace eyeglass frames
Emigrating to Netherlands from ZA, how to get proof of residence in ZA?
Getting a full time work permit in Canada after a language school?
American long-term resident of UK retire to France
Use of Biometric Residence Permit for multiple visit to UK
My Australian student visa was refused and subsequently my New Zealand student visa was refused
Can I apply for Australian PR (subclass 189) as IT professional if I have BSc in Civil Engg. and MSc in Transportation System?
EEA application for British Spouse - Second time with divorce papers included
How do visitors apply for a sim card in the U.S.?
Applying for UK Student Visa while on French Long Stay Visa
US to Canada immigration: How long is an FBI police certificate valid?
Driving License Issue
How to prove my father is a French citizen if he refuses to confirm we are his children?
Can I sue an embasssy for failing to consider my request for family reunification?
UK spouse visa application
What's the waiting time for the residence card?
Should I keep my I-797 (USCIS Approval Notice) even after I obtained the corresponding F1 visa?
French Father - but adopted by American
Previous employer did not inform home office (UK) about my resignation
living in specific country on tourist visa and getting citizenship
Does my wife qualify for German pre- and post-natal care?
Studying on a work permit in Ireland
Personal Liability insurance in the US
Travel insurance in the US when domestic health insurance is provided by the employer
How to find an English-speaking general practitioner in Germany?
Question related to Indian Passport renewal in USA
What electrical goods can I bring from the States, and how can I use them?
Australian Skill Assessment (ACS) document certification
Details on financial situation for EPFL PhD student
Money transferred from France to the U.S
Where to go to obtain Spanish residency
Is it feasible for a newlywed spouse to get an H4 visa granted?
Can an L2 visa holder go back to their native country and resume their job wile waiting for the EAD work authorization?
Applying for Netherlands RNI abroad in english
Off-campus job and Internet earning
Do I need a visa to enter the UK as the non-EEA spouse of an EU citizen?
Where can I find a list of Canadian Ports of Entry (POE) and their operating hours?
A Palestinian trying to escape and get refugee status
How to register residency in Germany
My uk visa got refused
Registering a Marriage in the UK
Migrating to Australia with another couple
VAT going from the US to France as a non-resident alien
Ex-patriated in the Netherlands, travelling to third country - health insurance?
Modify uk biometric-residence-permit (BRP) after change in course duration (from less than 12 months to over 12 months)
What would the EU referendum mean for me if I wanted to move back to the UK?
Now we get the EEA family permit London now not in a European countries
The UK has voted to leave the EU. How does this affect UK/EU (and other) citizens living/working in the UK and vice-versa?
Brexit - What happens to EU citizens holding EEA Registration Certificate
If my leave has expired while awaiting a decision, will I become an overstayer?
Any way to get my brother to Canada?
Foreigners Marriage in France
Staying in the UK with my wife
What does (m/w) mean on German job adverts?
Getting a residency card in Italy as non EU spouse
Moving to the UK and "Brexit"?
NHS GP services are miserably inadequate: what are my alternatives?
Becoming Expat in Vietnam, How do people retire in Vietnam? What paperwork do I need to be able to live permanently?
Where to live in Bangkok to be close to potential employment
Attaining nationality from expat mother
What is the purpose of relative addresses in Passport application?
Remote international contract work - visa requirements
EU Citizens living and working in the UK, and current / pre-existing rules for permanent status?
Should my French first names be separated with commas or just spaces when used in the USA? Or should I simply use my first first name only?
French girlfriend to an Australian moving to france
USA TD visa refused for 214(b) - new UK visa application
What documents to show upon arrival in Doha, Qatar?
Traveling abroad on Advance Parole
Studying in Montreal this Fall; can I visit as a tourist before the start date on my CAQ?
Moving to Netherlands. Job required documents
Work in the US with H4 visa
Are photos with rounded corners ok for US passports?
X2 Visa for Chinese Course in Shanghai as an Australian?
In Germany, can I register for an Anmeldung before I have found permanent accomodation?
Switching the Employer after I-140 approved
How to rent an appartment in Germany from Abroad? Need help!
Overstaying between residence permits
How can I extend my tourist stay in South Korea for the purpose of language learning?
cpf money in Singapore when Singapore PR expires
Consular report of birth abroad or birth certificate
How to get a work permit for Canada?
Working for US-based company remotely in Canada
Can I make money from uploading Youtube videos as a foreign student on an F-1 visa?
Supporting my step daughter to come with me to the UK
Should I resubmit a notification to the Immigration Bureau of Japan?
My Tier 2 is getting transferred to another company. Can I work in the interim?
What is my net salary on a gross salary of 3,000 EUR in Holland? Can I live on that in Amsterdam?
For how long and when in the green card application timeline does this travel blackout period exists?
Netherlands Renting Registration
I have Aufenthaltstitel (German Residence Permit) and I am in India, can I visit Germany
Canadian permanent residence under experience class
Netherlands acquiring 30% ruling after two months of starting the job
Is the USCIS number on a green card a sensitive piece of information?
Can I return my Canadian leased Volkswagen car in USA?
What to do when I-20 information is update
Netherlands housing rental - I might be getting scammed, how to avoid that?
UK Tier 2 Visa Extension Under 'Experienced Rate Salary' vs 'New Entrant Rate Salary'
Banks suggestions in the Netherlands
Can my wife travel to the US with her existing H4 visa in this situation?
Expatriating to Switzerland with your own car
The university didn't sign my I-20. Is that a serious issue?
Can I hold Italian, Australian and Uk citizenship?
Renting Studio with Minimum rental period
How can a non-EU citizen become a Danish citizen?
Colombian TP-13 Visa Category
Maintaining ILR
Exchanging money with an expat
Do I have to take my children to Ireland in order to apply for their first Irish passport?
living cost in London
Moving from Romania to Sweden with a non-EU partner
UK Business Visa
Which companies offer good multi-currency bank accounts for the 99%?
Bringing my parents car to Denmark
Working for US company remotely from UK, can I work from their office while visiting?
How to read this Dutch salary slip
Changing employers on TIer 2 visa- How long do I have if new CoS doesn't come through before my current Tier 2 visa expires?
Can I own shares in a company while under a study permit in Canada and can the company sponsor or assist me in getting a PR?
Visa cancellation when you quit your job in Thailand
Which state do I vote in and how do I do it? (USA)
My Italian driving licence is about to expire, how to renew it in UK
Non-EU citizen spouse, working in other EU countries on project-based contracts
Do Brazilians need a work permit to work in the UK for under 6 months?
Living without registration of address in Germany?
Obtaining French Citizenship through a married grandfather
My employer is holding my passport
Re-entering US on H1B visa just before expiration date?
Is Eindhoven a good city for non Dutch?
Will I be allowed back into Germany with an expired visa?
Can a US citizen work remotely for a US company while studying in Czech Republic on a student visa?
The least painful way for tax returns in Germany?
Is police clearance required for study permit/visa for Canada?
Dual Citzen returning to the UK after 20 years can I claim being a resident from day one?
Studying in France and becoming a French citizen for a refugee with a Swedish residence permit
UK Fiancé Visa Complication
UK EEA Family permit refused twice
French exchange year in Sweden
How to convert a Spanish 90-day to a permanent visa for an EU family member?
Can I get Romanian citizenship?
What are the basic immigration requirements for Iceland for a non EU citizen?
Buying, registering, MOT and insuring a camper van in England as a long term visiter dual Brit/Canadian citizen
Thinking of moving to Germany (Bavaria)
Does port of entry to the US matter?
I am an american and want to marry my Mexican fiance. He lives in Mexico, but has a tourist visa now. Does it matter where me marry?
History of employment while applying for a visa
Paying back taxes to the US. How deep have I dug my hole?
Travelling outside the US with a J1 visa: exact definition of the 30 days
How to inform foreign office in Germany regarding Blue card when leaving Germany?
South African to apply for Dutch citizenship
We are applying for Canadian Express entry. How to I (the spouse) apply for jobs whilst waiting for PR?
Netherlands Medical Insurance
GVB Train Penalty
French Long Stay Visa Tracking in India
Hong Kong Visa: official translation of documents?
China Driver's License with Expiered Original
Moving girlfriend with me from US to UK - visas?
To US with ESTA and then marriage
Transfering Money From China to the US
visa and passport
Will my Danish residency permit be revoked if I end my Danish researcher's position earlier and if not, will it allow me to work outside Denmark?
Moving to Russia from Germany
Want to apply for asylum but I have 2 year ban
How important is knowing German in Germany?
Do I need to provide proof of qualification for a Czech work permit?
Skilled—Recognised Graduate visa (subclass 476)
Can't use my Dutch bank account in Germany. Is SEPA a total lie?
After my girlfriend's visa being cancelled at UK border, can I get her a dependent visa via marriage?
Old Type C Schengen expires after type D
Health Insurance for someone over 28 w/ dual US/German citizenship, moving to Paris from California for 4-8 months to study at the Sorbonne
Argentinian working remotely for the US by contract, trying to move to The Netherlands, but how?
Moving to Germany
Residence permit for PhD student
How many days before are you allowed to enter the EU with a student visa?
France health insurance for non-EU resident with EU passport
Is it possible to switch to UK Tier 4 visa from UK tourist visa?
Visa Papers for Long Stay in France
Rights of EU/EC permanent residents - can I formally move?
How to get a "lack of criminal record" certificate from an Israeli consulate?
Do you have to serve for military service if you get South Korea citizenship?
What is the best way to move my family to the U.K. permanently?
No-frills banking for international student in the US
Work permit for spouse of EU Blue card holder in Luxembourg
Why are people required to turn in driving licenses from other countries?
Is there a category of 'shortage jobs' in either France, Belgium or Switzerland, and is it easier to get permits for them if you qualify?
Just moved to Netherlands for a couple of years, but I am on US payroll. Do I need to pay dutch tax?
Military service in Austria
Find accommodations in New York
Medical test OFII in France
How do I get a bank account without a person number?
Does ACS recognize student employment?
Purchasing insulin in Canada
How do I renew my Visa/apply for an OCI card?
Slovenian working in Belgium living in The Netherlands
Replacing a stolen French ID card remotely (no consulate nearby)
is it normal MVV takes three weeks?
How can I check the address registered with US Citizenship and Immigration Services?
Where can I find this kind of sugar free and low sodium biscuit?
ROC (Taiwan) residency for nationals and families of nationals
Job hunting in Netherlands for a foreigner (while abroad)
Is it possible for my country's embassy to arrest me abroad?
Can I have a C type and a D type visa end-to-end?
Entering the US with car using J-visa
Younger partner inclusion on a Thai retirement visa
How to change Address in Swedish Tax Agency (Skatteverket)?
Would staying as a guest at a friend's affect my visa?
Moving household goods to Brazil on tourist visa
Japan work visa and tickets for 5 family members?
I am an E-2 Visa holder. Can i get any health insurance
Applying for NL Passport
German national visa - category d, can spouse work?
Providing a wrong CAS number into the visa application form
Egyptian married with Eu citizen, having already EU Residence Permit, can i travel to UK without visa? What about working there?
Can H4 visa holder travel with new name over passport
Can I legally back out on a job offer after accepting?
Is is legal to pay an extra fee for moving out early of an apartment in Germany?
In the Netherlands, am I obligated to refund a previous employer for missing deductions?
Applying for Blue card in Germany - Change in Employment contract date
US taxes on French/US retiree Paris savings account will be for whole balance or yearly income?
How should a request letter from employer look like
Visa questions regarding extension and entry
British driving license from 1991 but living in Germany
Belgium Travel - Work Permit condition
Household goods shipping back to USA
Does the "base salary" information reported on an H1B Visa application include RSUs?
How many passports can I have?
Can I return to the UK if my Tier 2 visa expires in less than 2 days?
How can a former holder of ILR return to the UK after 6 years abroad?
Can I get a French long-stay visa after entering on a short-stay visa?
Receive payment outside university when on F1 visa?
I have a job offer in the Netherlands. Can I bring my wife and can she work?
What is my legal address if I've never lived in the US?
Depositing a "not negotiable" Australian cheque in the US?
Residence/work permit, working remote from home in Berlin, German office located in Bremen. Need help!
Visa Initial Entry Date (IED)
Apply for UK spouse visa for wife while we both live in Nigeria
Applying for eea family permit for the children of the non-eea spouse of an EEA national
Going from H1-B to H4 but still work
Can I obtain German citizenship and retain my Australian citizenship?
Can you buy a car in Spain as a non-resident?
Is there a waiting period prior to applying for a Tier 2 Dependant Visa?
importing a car from Spain to Georgia (country)
Can I work in Germany with a foreign (non EU) Engineering degree?
Can I bring my girlfriend to Germany for 6 months?
Resign Rental Contract Germany
Overstaying In Schengen area for about 2 years without knowing
Do any Schengen countries allow for residence of foreign pensioners?
What's the minimum length of time on an IR1 visa entry to USA?
Can I renew my blue card (from Germany) even if my passport expired?
Moving to Detroit temporarily?
Is it possible as an EU citizen to get a driver's license in Germany without knowing German?
Registration in Russia during 2 year study stay
Do you need 6 months validity on passport to return to USA from Canada on E3 visa?
Economic options of health insurance for a foreigner student in germany
UK spouse visa -English language requirements
NJ driving license with expired UK license and French passport
Processing Times for Application to Settle in the UK?
Working for an English company , moving to Italy as home based. What's the best way to avoid too many taxes?
What is a cheap, safe way to ship 7 dogs from Brazil to Belgium?
Can I accept a job offer in the UK if I am a non-eu spouse (US Citizen) married to an EU Citizen?
Can my Non-EEA civil partner move to UK with me? What do we need?
I'm travelling to the UK to study and I must continue a vaccine treatment, how do I do it?
Can the Tier 2 General Visa sponsor employer force me to stay and work with them during the contract period?
Moving to UK under Tier 2 General Visa – Can I switch employers easily?
Question about family permit for non EU spouse and son
UK Spouse Visa Accommodation requirement
What does the optional UK residence permit for EU/EFTA nationals look like?
UK Residence and Healthcare
Buy/Register car in Mexico
From Australia to America driver's license transfer
In the Netherlands, in what kind of stores do I look for everyday men's clothes?
Confused about education assessment documents for ACS
Moving household stuff from Bangalore(India) to Nepal(Chitwan district)
Foreign Currency bank account
Is Visa D-Mult in Austria renewable? or possible to apply new one while I am inside Austria?
Clerical error on student visa application query
I have EAD - does it mean that I can work in US?
I accidentally submitted an unsigned Tier 4 Visa Application. What should I do?
What are the rules for bringing seeds into Guatemala?
Not having to surrender a German drivers license when getting a US license
Canadian Working in US (Need VISA)?
Initial entry requirement for Australia PR Visa
Will I keep the French nationality after divorce?
How can I stay, as a Canadian, in the US for 3 years?
Getting married while on H1B Visa
Commission vs Guarantee
I'm an American, marrying a Brit in the Canary Islands
Wife wants a tourist visa
residential areas for expat in Leiden
Ban on travel to any commonwealth country
Experience Reference Letter for ACS Skill Assessment (for 189 type Visa)
Preparing a funding proposal for a year in Montreal
Supermarket in the Netherlands
Family Preference Immigrant Visa (F4 visa) interview not scheduled for a recent 21 year old
Amazon's prices are significantly less that Australian online-shops
How early can I apply for a Swiss long-term visa?
Working in Switzerland with French residence permit
Do I have to apply a EEA family permit prior to the application of UK Residence Card?
Australia - Travel-Work Visa -- What are the limitations?
Can I search for a job in Dubai while on a visitor's visa?
Cost of Australian Expression of Interest?
My father will apply for a ‘family of a settled person’ visa, can he get a refund if his application wasn't successful?
What are the requirements work permit visa from Ghana?
Paying taxes after AOS?
What do these Gymnasium subject abbreviations stand for?
Netherlands: is EUR 53000 salary enough for a family of 4?
UK visa legal traineeship payment without a work visa?
American marrying an Italian in Italy, then move to London
How much bank deposit do I need to show to apply for one year of study permit in Canada?
Polish citizen wants to move to England with non-EU citizen wife
Living cost in Al-khobar, Saudi Arabia
I live in the UK but my nationality is Nigerian and I have married an Irish citizen
Refugee travel document as identity document
How to find an apartment well in advance?
Doing freelance work in France--permission needed?
Making connections abroad
Customs requirements for shipping personal belongings from US to Canada via USPS
Got offered a job in the US as a B2 visa traveller
Obtaining another European nationality while living in France with a visa and a non-EU passport
Am I allowed get a copy/transcript/recording of New Zealand Student Visa interview?
Who has "always been stateless"?
british citizenship is it automatic.Or do i have to apply
Converting from Work visa to Spouse visa in the Netherlands
Getting driver's license faster in Germany
Mistakes made in acs application
Will my job experience while completing degree count?
Do spouses need to change name on passport after marriage?
90 day stay is almost up but waiting for citizenship papers
I am a Pakistani, in a same sex relationship, applying for a Tier 2 visa soon. What proof can my partner provide to apply for Tier 2 dependent?
If I work remotely in Pakistan for Australian employer, will the embassy see it as Australian work experience while moving to Australia?
Can I get a UK visa as self employed?
Indian citizen working in USA (on a work Visa) planning to get married to a citizen of Ireland
Places to iron clothes in Leiden or Amsterdam
Entering UK with a Article 10 Residence Card?
What are the rules to pay for rent in the netherlands
Canadian Provincial Health Care for Working Holiday is 100% necessary?
Work permit visa to work in UK
Immigration to Canada requirements
AUSTRALIAN PR process
Can an EU national hold residence in two other EU countries?
Working as a freelancer as a recently returned French citizen having never worked in France before
Confusion regarding Related Employment Assessment
Romanian documents after marriage in Germany
UK student visa refusal
Name mismatch in my degree, marksheets and employer reference for ACS skill assesment
Baby Born in the UK, parent on Tier 2 and Tier 4 Visa
Cash back credit cards in the Netherlands?
Getting US visa for spouse of US citizen, living outside US?
Job needed for French bank account?
How to go about leasing a car in Germany?
Germany Customer Protection Institution
How do you re-enter the US if changing status and then taking a short trip abroad?
Entering the UK on a Tier 1 (Exceptional talent) 5 year visa earlier than the originally submitted 'intended date of arrival'
Do EU driving licence points count in the UK?
My girlfriend is with me in Canada and couldn't register to the university in France
Which visa for about a year in Spain with flexibility for Schengen?
What's the procedure for somebody who has lost their US passport while living in Taiwan?
What are the rules for importing personal items when relocating from Nepal to India?
Is it mandatory to wait 6 months after I-140 approval to change Employers?
Moving my bicycle to another country
Uk Spouse Visa/Dependant
Am I A Legal French Citizen?
Dutch and French national got married in Sweden and are resident in the UK. Are they legally married in the UK for practical purposes?
Am I still "ordinarily resident" in the UK if I do a Master's degree abroad?
I lived in France for 8 months and then moved to the UK, how will I pay my tax next June?
Do I need to change my residence status in the NL?
study visa application for Canada
How much is car tax in France?
How many months do you have to move to Canada if you get awarded an IEC visa?
How to Buy an Apartment in Germany living on the blue card
Lost I-94 number from 2005 (no 'admitted until' date) on the POE stamp
Immigrant visa expiry
Can I get NL Student visa after UK visa refusal?
What benefit has the Diversity Immigrant Visa program? (Green Card Lottery)
Holding non-immigrant J1 visa and dutch dependent visa simultaneously
Help on UK Tier 4 Visa Curtailment
German visa and Blue Card
Must have bought or leased before applying for entry?
Reapplying for a Brazilian VITEM I after cancellation
If you apply for an IEC work permit with a letter of offer can you change jobs once you get there?
Do I need a medical exam for an IEC Canada work permit?
Can an Indian national get married to an EU citizen while living in the UK on a student visa and work in UK on a dependent visa?
US American citizen living in the EU (Schengen Area) working for a UK-based company
Trash sorting - paper
Can you be resident in several countries at the same time?
Movement between September visa bulletin and the current visa bulletin for October by USCIS
Renting an Appartment in Germany
Switching to another Schengen country for my studies: Do I need another visa?
Canadian citizen moving to Germany. Very specific situation
Wills, when moving to another Common Law country
UK Citizen wanting to immigrate to USA and work
Why is it difficult to rent an apartment in Germany
What does the US immigrant visa envelope contain?
France: What happens to your immigration status when you leave the job that brought you over (visa)?
France long stay student visa refused 3 times without any reason by French embassy New Delhi
Driver's License in European Union
Traveling on ESTA, are there taxes on reimbursement of expenses incidental to the stay
Austria Residence Permit/Visa
Is my valid US visa wasted due to the removal of physical visa stamp/sticker on my passport?
Switch employers easily before moving to Berlin?
How to search catalogues and avoid interlibrary loan fees, for libraries outside the London Libraries Consortium?
How to find a place to share with other expats or students in Leiden
What documents are needed for an EU permanent resident to work in Germany?
Documents to register in Germany (Anmeldung)
What documents are needed for an EU permanent resident to work in Netherlands?
What are the import charges or fees moving to the USA?**
Renting in Germany: how do I get a SCHUFA?
Are there new conditions for Getting the EU Blue Card in Germany?
European bank account
Study Abroad - When can I move to France?
Do I need a degree for the Express Entry Program in Canada
Migrate to Australia Under Section 189(Skill Independant)
Bring my wife to Germany
Renew CA Drivers License without valid VISA stamp but valid DS-2019
H1B application after visiting the DPRK
Can I buy a car in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq, and take it to Turkey?
Refused twice for UK visa, second time under 320(7A) (deception)
How can an ID card holder get a document certifying having legally entered Georgia?
What would be the consequence if a non-EU student living in an EU country has his temporary resident card expired but doesn't renew it?
When is Brexit going to happen?
My UK visa issued in maiden name passport
My husband's getting a H1B visa, can I expect any type of work permit in USA?
Getting the Permanent Residence Permit In Germany with and without the Blue Card
Working abroad, get paid in USD or GBP?
Am I eligible for a Dutch passport?
My Husband is not American, I live outside America, and I lived less than 4 years at the US. Can he get the nationality?
I have a master degree in Chemistry, experienced in Programming but don't have any degree in CS
Does U.S. citizen that also has EU citizenship and is living in the EU pay taxes to the U.S.?
Do I really need a "certified translation" for the Spanish consulate if my documents are already in Spanish?
In Japan, is it possible to have a tourist visa converted to a work visa?
Can U.S. citizens without a social security number be taxed?
UK Resident marrying Mexican student - Necessary Documents for Camden Council
In need of some answers about returning to the US
Staying for 8-12 months on Visit Visa
renewing drivers license living abroad
US to UK spouse visa financial requirement
Deported from the UK in 2013: Can I come back for work?
Driving license in USA. International driving permit and getting local license
EU citizen, permanent resident in UK, applying for British citizenship
France study & working
UK Tier 2 visa after rejection of fiancée visa
Australian visa issues regarding a previous EEA permit refusal?
Australian PTSD dependant on UK based partner - can I return?
Adsense income (Online Blogging) issue for a F1 student
How long submitted DS-160 is valid?
Internship in Netherlands
Can I travel with an expired German resident card?
Is it possible for unpaid job to get an visa? I want to find a research assistant position in USA or Canada but I am in another country?
Does an accompanying spouse need to pay a fee to study in Denmark?
German embassy asking for ZAB degree evaluation certificate
"Residente permanente" - any max period of use limitation?
Apply for Family Member of an EEA National
Can I just upload High School certificate of my spouse for express entry?
Type of visa UK
Documents required to rent a flat in the UK
What would be the problems to change Tourism UK visa to EEA family permit?
Notice period for terminating lease in France
Visa refusal - Will this be a problem?
What visa does my fiancée need to come to the UK?
3 months of working at a US office of an EU company (EU working contract)
Working with an EEA family permit in UK
J1 visa - Confusion in how to apply
I live in the Netherlands and I hold an EU passport, but my passport is expiring soon and I lost my id card
How to get VVE (Vereniging van Eigenaars/Homeowner association) contact details in Holland?
What do you call someone without a nationality?
Bring wife from Germany to the UK
"Maintenance of funds" rules for extending UK Tier 2 visas
Port Removal from Ireland and ILR Application in the UK
1-Year “Skills and Talent” France Visa
Does moving to a second EU country with a permanent residence from the another country, grant permanent residence permit for second country as well?
Can you have multiple Working Holiday Visas (WHV) in Europe?
Transferring investment money from home country
I am a US citizen and want to move to Germany with my husband who is a EU citizen of the UK. Do I require a residence or spouse visa?
Qualifying period for British Citizenship application
Can Tier 2 General UK visa holders travel to Ireland without an Irish visa
How does an EEA national establish permanent residence in the UK?
(Non-EU) Acquiring Residency in Florence, Italy after Marriage
Applying for a UK Spousal Visa from Moscow
Do I need to be locally based to get a job in Hong Kong?
Travel outside Canada during Post-Graduation Work Permit transition period
I have a 3 year German Aufenthaltserlaubnis in IT and I want to renegotiate my hours. What should I look out for?
Can I work remotely for US client while visiting US on Travel (B-2) visa?
Probable issues when exiting Schengen area on expired residence permit
Grace period for overstayers in the UK
UK Appendix FM Income Thresholds and Children
NHS Debt and Entry Clearance Refusals
How to remotely pay property tax in Netherlands?
US Immigration I-485 Application
Tier 4 bank statement requirements
UK 'family of a settled person' visa: can apply when in the UK?
Driver's license study guide for Germany in the Pakistani language
How does the "must have had license for x years" requirement work when I renew or transfer my license?
What are the qualifications for the Korean E-7 visa?
UK Tier 4 Switch to Family Visa
How to request refugee status/asylum in Qatar due to a threat in home country?
Clourethan Product in USA
What happens to my family in America if my H1B visa is not restamped?
Migrating to the UK
Working during the summer while studying PhD
Can I apply for a Tier 2 (General) visa if my passport will expire in less than 6 months?
What does "to the exclusion of all others" entail for partner migration to Australia?
What does "application was 'unnecessary' at the time it was made" imply in while requesting a Refund for Australia visa application
How is an EEA national processed if he/she applies for entry to the UK under the UK immigration rules rather than EEA regulations?
Do I have to pay taxes in the US if I work remotely for company in other country and pay taxes there?
How can I tell whether a Chinese person is putting their family name or given name first?
Living in Germany and getting a driving license from Italy or USA
How long does it take to verify previous immigration history in Germany?
When my working contract terminates, am I still covered by NHS?
How can I add my mom to my address
Australian visa subclass 189
VAT on imported personal effects in Spain
Wife found job in Germany, while I am still looking. Should I apply for a permit with her now?
UK -Obtained Certificate of Sponsorship Number, am I obliged to work for that company now?
How do I properly fill out the Georgia birth certificate request form?
How to get a job in the USA or Australia when I live in Iran?
What are the exact conditions under which an EU citizen may be entitled to bring his (elderly) parents into the EU?
UK EEA Family Permit Refusal for Lack of Communication Evidence
How to inquire about the status of US Naturalization application?
Wife issued short-term visa for residence in Spain as spouse of EU citizen
What documents are needed for an EU permanent resident to work in Sweden?
From which age are Israeli citizens returning to Israel exempt from service in the army?
Can I bring my family if I get a working visa to Ireland?
Spouse without marriage in Denmark
Changing employer while on TN
USA visa - how many years of working experience after bachelor degree?
U.S.V.A. health coverage outside of CONUS?
Importing used car from Italy, how to get export plates
Mon projet Québec immigration application IELTS confusion
Does 'Front End Developer' or 'Marketing Developer' come under "Developer Programmer" category in skilled worker occupation?
Reasons for UK citizen to not get an Irish passport?
Dual citizen born in England wishes to move back after 47 years in US
Will a child of a a long-term UK resident EU national, born in the UK, be British?
Possible H1B visa application
When people quote salary figures in Europe*, do they mean after or before income tax?
Bringing my Haitian wife and little boy to the UK
Unmarried USAF posted in UK wanting to stay
Can I go out of the US and come back during a pending application of change of status?
UK immigration application: Evidence / Proof that I lived there (EU citizen, no passport stamps)
File Tax Refund in Germany - 2016 Tax Declaration Germany and Tax Return
Will a surname change after marriage invalidate the UK resident permit?
End of rental contract in Germany - Nebenkosten
Graduating Canadian F-1 Student: TN vs. OPT
Maternity in Sweden, on short notice
US citizen married to German: work permit valid across the EU?
Can I attain British citizenship abroad by marrying my girlfriend?
Do I still have to pay the Runkfunkbeitrag as a tenant sharing a house with landlords, while paying the "Warmmiete" already?
Can I claim British citizenship?
How do I legally bring fuel to my empty car in the UK?
How to make a British-citizen father take responsibility for child in Africa
Moving From the US to Canada
Can downloaded BBC iPlayer content be replayed abroad?
Help needed if possible!
Cheapest way to ship three cubic meters from Oklahoma to Spain?
Can an American citizen get an NIE in Spain while on a no-visa 90-day visit?
Trying to enter the UK with an EEA Spouse without any visa?
Why are the British visa fees so expensive?
Renting in Denmark. Landlord wants to adjust the price according to CPI
I never enrolled in AIRE for almost 2 years - killer taxes
What exactly do I need as a US citizen to exchange my US driver's license for a French one?
Does my Spanish work permit relate to an EU Blue Card?
I need to understand the process for immigrating to the Netherlands
What duty should I expect to pay on a used iMac from USA to Kenya?
Creating documents on behalf of companies who subsequently sign/stamp the document (UK Visa)
Can a person travel on the dependent visa and work?
Applying after UK visa refusal
Are citizenship test questions updated?
How can I send a gift to my homeland quick and easy?
Tier 5 UK visa financial evidence
Do they check for herpes during the medical exam for a visa for Germany?
What forms to submit to change the class from IR6 (through marriage) to another (divorced)?
What is my legal status in between K-1 visa and Permanent Resident (USA)?
Can I obtain Dutch citizenship if my father received it "by option" without a request?
How to get temporary Permesso di Soggiorno?
Do I qualify as a Permanent Resident of the UK?
Registering a car in Lithuania without being a resident
Would Ireland visa application affect a German student visa application?
US software engineer living in Germany on spousal visa. Can he work remotely for US company?
Bringing wife, children, and mother to Germany
"Resident Alien Status" in job search in US
What are reliable ways to send mail from the EU to Russia?
Will student visa extension refusal affect future visa application?
Doing Remote Contract Work Residing In Japan?
Australian work visa points for degree in chemical Engineering while working as a reservoir engineer
Virginia Drivers License suspended while living abroad
Can Romanian passport holder work in Switzerland?
Forgot to Cancel My Appointment
Submitting additional documents UK Spouse Visa
12+ month business stay in Spain -- cost of life
Is it possible to get a work permit in Mexico without a job offer?
Paying habitation tax in France
Can a green-card holder apply for another visa?
US J1 visa, port of entry different from final destination
German national, studying in Switzerland, J1 visa for the US, which embassy/consulate?
Credit score for immigrants from SA to Us
Dual citizenship and marriage
Which EU countries have a well defined process of obtaining a visa + residence permit on the basis of income from remote job for non-EU citizen?
Costs of life for 12 month stay in Southern Poland
Can no claims bonus be transferred from UK to Australia?
Can credit score be transferred from UK to Australia?
Do I need to pay for my family, who are 'additional applicants' when applying for Australian work visa?
Can I get British citizenship?
Become a UK resident?
Capital gains on US property while living abroad
What is the procedure to apply for Canadian visitor visa for parents from Canada?
Can I stay in US legally after my I-94 date if I have applied for Visa Extension 20 days back?
Medical test for travel to Canada
Medical test for travel to Canada
Temporary Residency in Spain: Is there a better way?
How long can I stay in Canada?
Preparation for moving to Prague: what comes first?
Tax implication for US based IRA/401K when retiring to Italy
Travelling from US before H1B application
French rental tax ('taxe d'habitation') payment was never requested. How to rectify / consequences?
Applying for French citizenship
Accused in Spain, but no police interview
Can you hold 2 student visas at once?
What is the waiting time for a Green Card in the EB2 category for people born in countries within the European Union?
Can I get my Mexican wife from Mexico to the USA while doing the I-130?
Recognizing US marriage to French citizen in France
Canadian bank claims that a joint account requires two W-9 forms
After Brexit - Partner visa for American girlfriend of an Italian living in the UK
How much does Canadian skilled worker immigration cost?
British Citizen applying for Canadian citizenship
What documents do I need to be able to sign a rental contract Brussels, Belgium?
Settlement visa without taking the English test
Does a brother counts as close family for immigration to Canada?
Is proof of fund not required if you have arranged employment in Canada?
Is my UK permanent residence (ILR) at risk?
I-94, H1B visa not activated
Moving to Germany with partner and small child
Possibility of visa for "household members" for Canada and UK for 1 year-similar to U.S.A?
Are there any visa exemptions available for an Australian wanting to work for a year in the Schengen area who has a dual-citizenship girlfriend?
What subtype visa for settlement to apply for civil partner
How can I watch French TV programs on American internet?
Natualized US citizen, with un-renounced X country citizenship, making French visa, which passport?
Can a green card holder enter the US with a passport having less than 6 months remaining?
Can father send me the amount of proof of funds required for immigration?
How to get a UK driving license as a non-UK national if your passport is with the Home Office?
Being a cam girl from home and moving to the U.K
What Visa do I need to complete an unpaid internship in New York
Which ANABIN Certificate do I need for Work Visa? If I want Aufenthaltserlaubnis (Resident permit) Germany
Austria - How much if enough
How to determine the fees when using a Dutch bank card overseas?
Does Canada issue Study Permits for Part-time graduate programs?
Deutsche Bank rejected Amazon's bill on my account, and now I must pay Amazon EUR 3.00 more for "Rücklastschriftentgelts"?
Proving my identity while my passport is being renewed
What is the difference between Employment card and Blue card of Czech Republic ?
What is better choice living place or salary in Sydney?
AIRE processing while on UK temporary visa
What Dutch authority can certify my personal details for German agency?
What does Spain "do" with the address on an NIE?
International birth certificate
Inheriting French Property. Is it Possible From the US?
H1B visa marrying a US citizen: can stay in US and work?
British Citizen wanted to marry EU Citizen Partner
Self employed US citizen looking to reside in the UK for at least 1 year
Forgot to pick up my Biometric Residence Permit; what can I do?
Can refugees work and live in the country they flee to?
What to do when the UK Tier 2 visa application is taking more than a year to be processed?
Fastest way for EU member to marry non-resident Chinese national?
French carte de sejour holder with new passport, need to carry old passport with vignette when travelling?
Number of times one can renew "carte de sejour" in France as a Visitor
Blue Card and Bachelor of Fine Arts in Germany
Travelling for work and refused entry to Germany
Passport for UK child born abroad
Paying Italian Taxes
Changing name in country of residency but not in country of birth
In London, what information can I get about an apartment based on location (postcode)?
Can I use a Carte Bleu for French purchases made from the US?
Traveling to US for new employer with existing H-1B visa without applying for H-1B transfer
Travelling for work and refused access
Is my daughter a British citizen?
Maintaining a Driver license from abroad.
Can a foreign spouse move to US immediately after wedding?
Is there anything called a yellow card for temporary residence in the USA?
A very complicated F1 administrative processing issue. What are my chances if I reapply (or apply for any other country's student visa in the future)?
How complete must the translation be for documents showing evidence of a bona fide marriage?
Will I lose my student Aufenthaltstitel if I take an academic leave for pregnancy?
Questions about VAF4A regarding Issuing Authority and visitor stamps
One way ticket to India
I am on a "befristete Aufenthaltserlaubnis" but have paid Arbeitslosenversicherung for 1 year. Can I claim Arbeitslosengeld I?
How can I get my passport back while my application for UK Permanent Residence is under process?
Getting a long term visa in Japan as a foreign disabled person
Work Permit with Student Residence Permit in Iceland
Are loans to be taken from nationalised banks?
Can I bring my mother to Republic of Ireland?
Cannot renew my passport
Can I claim French citizenship by descent if my French father passed away in 1992?
How to obtain a German work permit for a software engineer without educational background
Exemption for children in the USA: should I get an ITIN or a SSN for them?
Am I a New Jersey resident for tax purposes?
Visa bans on Iranians according to new presidential executive order
Do I need to pay custom charges for moving my personal stuff from Europe to Japan?
Worker visa/ work permit in Chile
Can I get a German visa extension when my Blue Card expires?
Spouse visa with long stay student residence permit in France
How to get a contract SIM card in USA
I am in the USA on ESTA. Should I exit the USA before my 90 days is over or should I wait for the petition to be approved?
How to upload documents using Australian immigration website?
Would UK visa/entry problems affect getting a visa for other countries?
Are town taxes in the Netherlands separate from those deducted from my salary?
Migration to Turkey for Iraqis
How can an adult get citizenship involuntarily?
How can I find out if I ever filed an I-485 (a step in the green card process)?
Driving a car in the UK which registered to a family member in another EU country
Is it possible to change travel date after I receive UK visa?
As a US citizen living abroad, how do I obtain a US bank account?
Long expired Canadian residence
Documents required to begin employment in Sweden
How to transport second-hand stuff in Denmark
Is it possible to use US Direct Consular Filing when not living one's own country?
How soon can my non-EU spouse re-enter the EU after a 90-day stay?
Moving TV and Appliances from US to Denmark
Should I provide "proof of relationship" when applying for a UK visa / spouse of EEA national?
Can an expat get a car loan in Malaysia?
Has anyone tried using a 110v surge protector with a 220v step up transformer? Is its safe?
Are Indian, Pakistani, and Bangladeshi Muslim students banned in the USA after Trump's executive order?
Could my recent UK visit affect my spouse visa application?
Swiss work permit regulations
New Turkish Driving Licence is it valid in Denmark?
Is there any earning limit as a J-1 Intern?
Can I leave France and re-enter with French student visa?
J-1 Waiver for 2 Year Home Residency Requirement
How to pay electric bill in Thailand
How to pay water bill in Thailand?
How to get paid while being in the US and while waiting for H-1B?
Does a Romanian senior citizen ( pensioner) need a special visa to permanently live in UK?
UK family permit for my wife to accompany me to visit our son in London
How to Reschedule Biometrics appointment for green card?
Can I acquire French citizenship through my father without his help?
Confusion regarding entry date to Canada in the student visa cover letter
Is there a list of countries that recognize virtual workers who are from the US?
Applying for a UK spouse visa, how long should we say we are going to stay?
Can I get a job in Canada with advanced degree but no work experience?
How can I move to the UK with my child and non-EU/EEA wife?
What is best time to call Australian immigration call center?
Get Visa using approval letter
Will I be allowed to enter Canada with my almost expired Canadian student visa/permit?
Legalizing Indian marriage certificate for Swiss spouse visa
I have an unlimited German residence Visa, but I haven't been there for 6 years. Will I be able to go back with the same visa?
Renewing US visa via mail still possible?
Where does one sell his stuff online in Thailand?
Can I apply for jobs in Canada while still a student?
Netherland IND waiting times for Residence card for family of EU citizen RC (EU Directive EC/38/2004)
How it's possible to obtain a bank account and NINO without Passport in order to get a job?
Can I keep H1B status if my employer cannot pay me because the company runs out of money?
Gaining Canadian citizenship through the Army?
What's my tax status?
US citizen with Japanese wife
Turkish ex-national currently living in Germany without citizenship anywhere
Studying in different cities in Canada
Moved to Northern Europe, walking and biking around, and I'm cold! How should I gear up?
Areas in Philadelphia - Safe?
Bank deposit needed show to apply for study permit in Canada
Salary structure in Canada
Are Dutch companies obligated to pay employee's local transportation expenses?
How to apply for Europe visa for Indian staying in Australia on long-term visitor visa
Exchanging a substantial amount of Euros into US dollars
Where in Amsterdam can I dispose of unused/malfunctioning electrical appliances?
What is the UK law about the child born in the UK of an Indonesian citizen?
Registering as a sole trader and documentation needed - From Portugal to United Kingdom
When applying for an Australian temporary worker visa (457), how can you get extra days before and after the contract duration?
Can a employeer hire me if I have an EEA family permit. What happend if it expires?
I-751 - what counts as detained, and a letter of good conduct?
Is separate address proof required for sponsor of UK visitor visa?
How to get an H-1B without a degree?
If you satisfy Australia's points-based system, do you automatically get a residency visa?
Residence Card for UK process
How exactly can a British citizen exercise EU Treaty Rights. Any particular steps?
SC Clearance in UK in order to work
EU citizen with US wife and Daughter moving to France
My grandparents are British, my mother too but not by birth
Is a graduate degree required to get a blue card in Germany?
Entering the UK in transit to Italy before UK visa entry date
Is my work visa in Germany still valid after being terminated from my job (I'm American)?
How to fill out a W9 form for a joint account in France?
Permanent resident of the UK?
How does a newborn baby get a UK visa?
Which citizenship can I get without giving up my US citizenship?
Apartment viewing Tips?
Quitting a job after signing the contract in Germany
I'm an F1 visa holder in the United States trying to fill out a volunteer work sheet
In Germany, is lunch included in an 8 hour shift?
Can I open a bank account in the Netherlands using my workplace address?
Moving to Australia as a couple: Visa requirement
When I get my Australian visa points from ASC and SkillSelect will I get same points upon submitting my application to Immi?
German Blue Card Work Visa
German internship visa to job visa conversion
Applying for critical skills visa to South Africa after being declared undesirable for 12 months in 2014
Under which clause can I get back Australian Visa application fee if SkillSelect or ASC calculated my points wrong?
EU Temporary Residence Card and Visa application
How hard is it for a European to work in Brazil?
UK Short Term Student Visa
Can I apply for a work permit if I am already in Russia as a tourist?
Living in RV (Recreational vehicle)
For H-1B visas, what are job codes, what are they for and how are they chosen?
Provisions for US Green Card Applicants not planning to stay in US
Immigrating to South Africa with a US Felony?
Question about UK short-term student visa online application form
ILR/US citizen: £18.6k threshold not met by wife's pension
Will I lose my right to vote if I register as a non-resident to solve a jury duty call?
Where to meet "westernized" Thais in Thailand?
UK resident driving foreign-registered car
Moving from North America to Europe with Desktop Computer
Dual Citizenship and Brexit
Zivnostensky visa travel restrictions in Czech Republic
Permanent residency catch 22 : Can't get a job for PR, can't get PR without a job
Looking into MA in UK, but could I be refused Tier 4 visa because of my LDR with boyfriend living in the UK?
Made critical mistake regarding visa - didn't notice expiration for my mother in law - now in trouble?
Visa for US citizen's fiancé/husband
Is there such thing as a Greek ancestral visa/passport
Renewal of J-1 visa in a different consulate
Lived in Italy and moved to Germany, do I have to file a tax return in Italy?
Having trouble understanding a section of my rental contract in Dutch
Would a US student visa refusal affect my UK Tier 4 visa application?
What are the most practical ways I can get a car for 6 months in Addis Ababa?
Where and How to park for free in Ixelles (Brussels)?
How do I obtain my grandparents UK birth certificate without knowing their birthdates
Regarding changes in UK residence card
Working with an X2 visa in China
Can someone work on remote online internship, while on Schengen visa in Europe?
Residency as spouse of EU
Does bachelor degree of computer science required ECA?
Can a K-1/Pending LPR receive discounted (copay) healthcare? (USA)
France Business Visa - Convention de Stage
On a Canadian work permit, which number is the work permit number?
Family name "nightmare" between Canada and France
If I have schengen tourist visa, can I marry a British citizen in Germany.?
US citizen (on spouse visa) working for US company remotely from the UK?
Port of Entry vs Place of entry into the US
Rental contract concerns?
Remote Work in Norway
Getting married in the US on an ESTA
J2 visa renewal
Settlement Permit in Germany Granted due to High Salary?
What reasons are there to exchange an EU driving licence to a UK/GB one?
I am going to the UK as a visiting researcher and I might stay later. I'm funded by a grant from home (USA). What sort of visa should I get?
How do I apply for EU Blue Card after receiving job offer from Germany?
Schengen visa to a residency permit for a same-sex marriage in Germany
Implied Status in Canada
Wishing to enter the United States to obtain a PhD with a criminal record in the UK
Refusal of EEA Family Permit
Applying for EEA Family Permit UK
Entry/Exit Data for UK
Does a person lose their original citizenship when they become a naturalized citizen in the United States?
Brazil fines for not registering visa with Federal Police
I have Residence Permit (Tier 2) from my former employer. I left UK and want to visit UK as a tourist
Renewal of expat driving licence now living in Greece and over 70, what to do?
Losing UK Residence Permit when not resident for a year
Citizenship for a UK born child from EEA parents after 5 years
Can I put a Portuguese address on a UK driving license?
Schengen visa fingers prints
Can you name those countries on the Schengen visa?
Indian partner of EU national wants to move Germany
Does Germany recognize the Surinder Singh ruling?
Indian partner of EU citizen applying to join wife in Germany
Am I an Irish citizen / eligible for Irish citizenship?
Can you work on the expiry date of a Canadian Work Permit?
B-1 visa holder applying for J-1 visa
H1B valid period and travel to USA
Immigration lawyer necessary/suggested for US fiancé visa?
How can we apply for a UK EEA family permit?
I found a new Job, higher salary - Changing Employers under the Germany's Regular work permit
When will the immigration process change in Germany? New Blue Card Model, or Points Bases?
Sending a 'SEPA direct debit' slip by post - without an envelope?
Can someone who held H4 visa previously visit USA on B2 visitor visa
Australia PR and career transition
Netherlands tax return for former resident now in the US
Uk visitors visa after previously having ILR visa?
What happens to my wife's UK spouse visa if I get British passport?
UK Visa - stated I'd be traveling with family, now I'm not
how long does it take a us citizen to get a UK tier 2 visa, after an employer has received a sponsorship ID?
Brexit: EU citizen moving to UK under current laws?
Travel to Romania with German Work visa
Can a COS sponsorship for a Tier 2 UK visa (meets all requirements) be delayed/denied because the UK reached its self-imposed monthly limit?
Driving in Portugal: Non-PT car / Non-PT Drivers License
Applying UK student visa while on visitor visa in the US?
Which visa type for PhD in Germany?
Does the FBI work with the RCMP to run criminal check on Canadians wishing to immigrate to the US
Schengen visa extension
Can I (a minor) travel to, live in and study in South Korea by myself?
Could we face problems when coming back to the UK after Brexit?
International School vs. Full Immersion
It's been about five months since me and my wife applied for a UK resident permit
How does a U.S. citizen move from the United States without a passport?
Study Plan for Study Permit Canada
Stay in England for more than 6 months (need visa advice)
ZAB comparability statement for german EU blue card visa
Can I marry a resident in Spain if I am not from European Union?
My wife has an interview for a job in Australia (we are based in London). What can I do in terms of a visa if she is offered / takes the job?
J-1 visa and two-years home residency requirement
Getting married in Norway - does my partner need to OWN A HOUSE?
What is the fastest EU country for an EU citizen's spouse to get citizenship?
What are the consequences if I don't close an unused bank account in Netherlands?
Dutch Passport South African citizen
How can I extend my French working holiday visa?
Registering French nationality - name change and where to get help
Chain Italian citizenship
US State Tax Filings for international student
EEA permanent residency denied for my non-EEA daughter
Moving to an EEA country as an EEA citizen
What is a valid document for EEA residence card?
What kind of jobs do people usually take during a Working Holiday, if you can't work for one employer for more than 3 months?
Doing a job in the UK
How do the different Southeast Asian countries compare in terms of ease of long-term staying and legally working?
Iranian student with Hungarian residency permit staying in Italy for more than 90 days
US tax form 1040NR asks me to enter my "Occupation in the United States"
Tax treaty USA-Italy: scholar/teacher (art. 20) tax exemptions and implications
Citizenship with Adoption
Emigrating to Canada with IELTS
Lost id/Aufenthaltstitel in Germany
Netherlands - How can I avoid paying contract costs to real estate agency?
Filipino child of a US citizen refused a non-immigrant visa
Extension of Schengen Visa due to marriage with a German citizen
I want my brother and mother to move to Australia
Bringing to the UK the daughter of a British Citizen
My Girlfriend got a Fulbright to Konstanze Germany how can I go with her?
What is the step by step procedure to obtain a ZAV certificate for Germany Schengen Visa?
Can a foreigner moving to Australia for more than 6 months immediately claim themselves as a tax resident?
Work Visa for Canada
Can my family apply for another UK visitor visa before their current one has not expired?
Legitimative adoption and French nationality
B1/B2 to green card
Green card processing time
How do I track a case at USCIS without getting receipt of acknowledgement?
Will I be able to surrender my Indian passport
Male US/Russian dual citizen returning to Russia at 28. Possible risks?
Where should I pay income taxes (Living abroad, working for a French company)
Do I need to pay tax in the USA on my Australian superannuation?
International driving permit
Is there a 180 days rule on UK ICT Short Term (1 year) Visa?
Which Australian visa for a visiting PhD student? (more than 3 months)
Expat returning to UK- Driving Licence
how to import and register a car in Hungary?
French Citizenship and article 30-3 of the Civil Code
How to request official documents from France of deceased parent?
Loss of Citizenship
Netherlands - Rental agency is forcing me to accept a contract
Chinese passport
Can the French "long stay" visa be used to acquire permanent residency in France?
Moving my cat to the EU
Biometric Residence permit
Does Dutch apartment electrical infrastructure support power-line communications?
Daughter wants German citizenship but wants to keep her naturalised Australian citizenship
EEA Family permit no longer valid after a divorce and got a 6 months stamp on the border. Any advice on what to do next?
What official documents would have been produced for a child born in France in 1958?
Multiple entries on an e-visitor 651 visa
What are the minimum cell phone specs needed to work in UK?
Denied transit through Frankfurt
Visa for my South Africa husband
Canada open visa for Romanians from December 2017
Professional Apprenticeship as Work Experience for Express Entry
ACS Evaluation for a Company who has stopped working
How to transport 1992 Enfield motorcycle from Goa(India) to London
New Zealand citizen returning to N.Z. after long stay away
Which Australian skill assessment is correct for my degree?
Canadian Work Permit process transfer from US to India
Can I stay in France using a Carte de Séjour Travailleur Saisonnier even when I am not working?
K1 visa - current total wait time for Jacksonville
K1 visa - Consulate
Entry into the UK with Article 10 EU residence card
Transferring existing medical treatment from US to UK
Travel within EU with expired German Aufenthaltstitel (Residency Permit)
What happens to a Tier 4 PhD visa once you submit your thesis?
How much amount of money should I show to confirm graduate student visa for Canada?
If I enter Mexico as a tourist, can I get a student visa while there?
moving to Germany to stay closer to my children
Non-EU Citizen. Can I get visa if my father live in Germany?
Searching the Catastral in the Canary Islands
Working remotely for US company in Germany, can I obtain a language visa?
UK Transfer of Residence form - pet section
Is it possible to change an internship visa to a work visa in Germany without leaving the country?
We are going abroad for a few years, how best to store our stuff
can i use a national schengen visa for study purpose in another schengen state?
Dublin Regulation - is there a way we can stay in Germany?
Can I keep my passport while I am waiting for the European Economic Area Family Permit Residence Card?
How to return Dutch residence permit
Can a German company change my salary and job position after finishing an expat assignment?
Extended overseas travel qualify for a Special Enrollment Period in USA?
American citizen married abroad: visa for foreign spouse
Alien registration card in China
Can I acquire USA visa if new created company will send invitation
Australia: Can there be two contemporary applications for two visas of different types for different periods?
Is AXA insurance acceptable for long stay French Carte de Sejour?
Are the green card lottery (Diversity Visa) results final when released in May?
Can temporary workers in Australia enroll into the public health insurance system?
Anything like the I-94 website for citizens?
Do i need to change my marital status in U.S before filing form i-130?
Getting a residency in italy
Australian visa for a visiting PhD student (1 month)
Tier 2 dependent visa
Can my german employer rollback my promotion?
Does it make sense for foreign research assistants (HiWis) in German universities to voluntarily contribute to Rentenversicherung (pension scheme)?
How to bring girlfriend to germany?
EU citizen living in a non-EU country issuing citizenship for wife and daughter. Where is easier and faster?
Repeal of conditional PR in Canada
Applying Germany student visa along with spouse visa
UK visa IHS payment
Switching Job and Travel on B1/B2 while waiting for H1B lottery results
DS-160: Contact person in home country
How to obtain a vaccinations certification in Italy valid abroad
Can I 'cancel' my study permit and still return to Canada in the future?
Can I enter the UK before the start date on my Tier 5 Youth Mobility Visa?
Loss of French Nationality by desuetude (50 year rule)
Can I enter Ireland and work, using my German-issued refugee document?
I'm planning on switching job in my home country while waiting for H1B 2018 lottery results. Will this create any challenges on the Visa interview?
USA-France tax treaty benefits for teachers/researcher: meaning of "can be claimed only once"
At what addresses can UK citizens living abroad register to vote in a general election?
Is a Polish bluecard transferable to Germany (and other EU countries)?
How easy is it to find a job in Poland for an IT professional on temporary residence permit?
Mauritian staying in France marrying Indonesian
Uk Immigration visas
Requirements for starting a non-EU national starting business in Poland?
Does OCI require pledging loyalty to the Indian Government?
EEA Citizen, moving to the UK with my non-EEA wife - change visa?
Travel to Canada for vacation using PR when Residency Obligation not met
Clarification on EB5 Visa
UK citizenship language requirements
How does one pay electricity bill in advance to avoid turn-off?
In France, do I have to pay rent even though the landlord re-let the apartment before the end of the contract?
What visa can you qualify for through double descent in UK
Suspect Interpol Case
Having an EU working holiday visa and a volunteer visa at the same time?
Steuererklärung from Argentina. German Taxes
How does one set himself up as contractor in Hong Kong?
History of Employment when applying for Canadian study permit
Do I qualify for a Dutch passport?
Kenyan Business Visa
Staying in Brazil as a tourist directly after working visa expires
Is it possible for Adult to change long stay student visa to long stay work visa without leaving Belgium?
What are the eligibility requirements to extend an Israeli A1 visa?
French citizenship when born abroad to a naturalised French citizen
Can the Registration certificate (QP) replace the residence card application of a non EU married with an EU and holding an EEA FM visa?
Non-EU family member travelling with EU national!
Extension of duration of @90days tourist visa (multiple entry-1yr)
Advice Regarding UK Student Visa
Place of principal residence when J1
Is a UK FLR (M) Extension Visa added to the existing time, or started from now?
I have received the green card: what should I keep track of to be prepared to apply for naturalization in five years?
Titre de sejour
Tier 2 UK visa + Chevening scholarship
Someone know how is the process and processing times for the European passport return service?
Joining my partner in the UK
Decent salary in Bahrain
Does a carte de séjour extend your visa?
Mother in law coming to US what to do about Gold and cash?
Is Indefinite Leave to Remain equivalent to a multiple-entry visa for valid 3 years?
How do I correct an error on my submitted IMM 5710E form for my Canadian Post Graduate Work Permit Application?
What is the equivalent of India's Form 16 in UK?
What are the logistics and taxation ramifications of working remotely for a US company while living in Norway?
Do I need a visa to enter Jordan to get to the USA?
Working in USA, for a USA company, temporary without a green card?
Study in Germany with Polish D type visa?
Can I ask a EEA family permit in Italy for a second time, 2 months before my current one expires?
US citizen in Germany - need visa?
How can a Portuguese Graduate work in the USA?
Adding additional evidence after submitting an application for a UK short-term study visa
Permanent residency application with adverse travel history
What's the Canada family immigration sibling rule now?
Can a foreigner register a car in Baja California (Norte)?
What's the deal with USA SENTRI pass?
Marriage on tourist visa in Germany
Impact of Gardening leave on T2 General visa
German Residence Permit: Extending it for a University Application Period
German tax residency for US citizen present in Germany for less than 6 months during tax year with salary paid by US entity
Entering the UK while undergoing visa application
Working in another eu country as a non-eu spouse?
Police Clearance certificate for Tier 2 validity
UK visa for adult son to move to UK
Process for Japanese apartment, bank account and phone contract
How to work on the cited reasons for the refusal of visa?
If I do an online degree from a Canadian University, can I add it in Canadian immigration as Canadian education?
Can a Non EU that obtained the UK residence card for marriage remain in UK working in the case his EU wife return to EU?
How is the process to apply for Italian nationality by marriage, if you already fulfilled all the requirements?
Moving to Berlin
Belgium visa for dependent mother?
H1b: Is it safe to move to different team (internal transfer) within same company before Oct 1st?
Providing evidence of Medicare enrollment for countries with reciprocal healthcare agreement
UK immigrant visa appeal status check
Within how many days to enter Bahrain after getting visa
What are the requirements to teach in an Austrian public school?
UK visa for parent of EU citizen
UK Expat returning to UK wih non UK/EU partner
UK visa for parent of EU citizen
Can I drive a "moto" in Spain with an EU driving license?
Savings in bank of 62500
I am 19 years old in USA in J1 visa. I got a job offer, should I apply for green-card?
Expatriating to Germany without speaking German as a French fluent in English
Previous company mis-calculated my taxes, Tax office now demands I pay
Applying for a Student visa in Hungary?
Working abroad as a US citizen for a US university
My passport will expired in less than 6 months, can I re-enter Japan?
can I use an unexpired student visa to enroll in the next academic year?
Living in the UK with an Article 10 Residence Card
Can I work in Georgia if I have a Schengen visa?
"Country of Residence" for a Nonimmigrant residing in the US
I have an approved H1B petition, but my employer has stopped hiring. Can I get it transferred to a new employer?
Bringing multiple computers into NZ on a holiday visa - customs or immigration issues?
I've completed Masters of Engineering in Computer Science from India, can I apply for MBA in Canada?
I won the dv lottery but will my past uk removal affect my application?
Living in Albania for the past seven years with a driver's licence obtained in Vienna, Austria in 2009. Is that Vienna driver's licence still valid?
British Citizenship
Student Visa - Refugee
Working and living in both the US and British Columbia (Canada)
I was born in the US when my parents were studying there, lived there only 1 year after birth then my parents returned to their country
Renewing expired UK driving licence aged over 70 years and resident outside the UK
Australian immigration long-stay 457 visa - do we need to pay tax on our engagement ring?
I need help with EEA family permit
What documents do I have to include with my i-130 spouse and daughter petition, If I file from overseas?
I need my husband passport if I'm applying to a Tier 2 General Dependent Visa for UK?
Job Offered in UK - is it legit?
Can I take small party decoration orders on H4 VISA
German Tax Refund declaring foreign source income
My employment contract as a highly skilled migrant ends; what now?
USA - H1B visa stamping...221(g) in Vancouver with family.. LCA wage less than W-2 wage by $45K
Can I file and I-130 if my passport is expired?
B2 to F1 visa changed in the US eligibility for revalidation entry the US
Death of a US citizen father of a US citizen child with a non-citizen wife
Visa response for Non-EEA family member of an EEA citizen
CA-HU dual citizen tax residency rules
French Citizenship through Grandma
Barred from the US for 10 years for unlawful presence, but have been traveling in and out of the country via the ESTA waiver program
Canadian "inland" spousal sponsorship and conditions of stay with a study permit
Family members traveling with me: DS-160 query
Supporting evidence i-130
Turkish New Driver's License
What options do I have to use my European desktop PC in Japan?
Is it possible to be a resident of two countries?
Can I get an Ancestry visa after a previous overstay?
Missing signature on UK Tier 5 Youth Mobility Visa
Can an OPT student go to the Dominican Republic?
Can one stay in Sweden while an application for residency under EU freedom of movement law is processing?
How frequent are Scart-compatible CRT TVs in Japan?
How to get a general-employment visa for Germany as a programmer?
Dutch-born, Belgian nationality, living in South Africa, can I get Dutch citizenship?
Applying for UK short-term study visa from another country of origin
Renew Chinese driving license on a Q2 visa
How do I buy and import a car from Canada to the US?
Salary comparison from SF to Amsterdam Data Engineer 2017
Lost British Passport number
Can children accompany me if I win the Green Card lottery?
US citizen married to EU citizen retiring in Spain?
Maintain Canadian PR while living with husband (CDN citizen) in US?
EEA Family Permit refused - No clear reason given, appalling letter
As a student, are there specific work limitations for remote working in Singapore?
Possibility of nursing in Europe...South African with Italian passport
Am I eligible for a Dutch passport?
Arrived in Italy on Tourist Visa as a Spouse
Australian student, travelling the Schengen area before studying in Germany, need advice on visa
Marry and come to France with partner
Long stay visa and 90/180 rule
Renting an apartment in Austria: what is a "double broker"?
Primary school options with Castilian in/close to Barcelona
Schengen Visa Validity Date Mistake?
Emigrate to Canada
Apply for Blue card from Home country & the documents required for it
Conditions for temporary residency in Spain?
Is it possible to maintain the permanent residence in EU and continue to live in your origin non-EU country
F1 visa DS 160: Contact person in home country
Dutch citizenship for my son. His grandmother still has Dutch citizenship
English speaking doctors in Saarbrücken
Using old F1 visa due to Administrative Processing
Apply for Schengen while waiting for Family Reunion visa (Germany)
Are all modern TVs dual voltage? Moving from Asia to Mexico
Is it possible to eventually convert an L-1B visa to a Green Card?
Status of Irish critical skills permit if work from USA office on L1 visa
Canada immigration round of invitations
My Australian visa has a "Must Not Arrive After" date, but not a "Must Not Arrive Before" date. Does this mean I can arrive immediately?
Can I apply for multiple visa?
How to get dual citizenship in the EU?
Would a Muslim marriage from Indonesia be recognized for a French spouse visa application?
How to buy a car without SSN for someone on a student/travelers visa
ZAB degree assessment initial review for blue card
Michigan Level One License
Dutch citizenship by naturalization regulations
Declare at customs gems bought on holiday in Sri Lanka?
UK driving licence photocard expiring - implications for non-residents
American English teacher getting health coverage in Japan
Do I qualify as a "latent Dutch" person?
How should I move my personal belongings from Amsterdam to California?
Getting work permit for Spain
Using CPT for summer work authorization on an F1 visa while OPT Application still Pending
Permanent work permit for Spain
Applying for a student visa in France. I have a question regarding a previous visa and stay in Germany
Regarding student visa:-- What does it mean when visa officer asks ''What is the scope of your course''?
Qatar issue impact on Bahrain
Does my Masters Conversion course count towards the Australian ACS requirements?
Eligible for Germany bluecard with a non-anabin-listed degree and a H+/- university?
USA - H1B Visa Stamping. What salary should I enter in DS 160 form if my W2 wage is more than LCA wage by $27k
What becomes the start date when a Residence Permit is extended?
Possible delay in F1 visa approval : What can I do?
Can I change an IEC visa to an employer sponsored visa?
How long in advance to look for a shared flat in London
Is it possible to work in Germany with a small criminal history?
Price ranges for private schools in Spain
I left France but they are still collecting taxes from my account
Traveling on Polish tourist visa while waiting for Swedish residence permit
Where can I become a tax resident without being a resident there?
Child born to Indian and Pakistani parents
How far apart should my bank statement date be and my application for spouse visa UK?
How much winter clothing is needed when living in Michigan?
Suggestion needed for uk visa 2nd attempt
Non-EU citizen spouse rights
What are the current dutch tax brackets?
French Work Permit has expired and appointment to get récépissé is almost two months away
How long would it take to get residence permit in UK
Amount of time permitted to fill in DS-260 form for USA spouse visa
How to drive legally while visiting in the US as an expat US citizen with no US state license
File for emergency card?
Job possibilities for dependent exempt visa
J1 visa-Reapply
Why was my Blanket L1B visa denied and what can I do about it?
Voting in German elections not having lived in Germany (for a long time)
I have valid h1b but my passport is expired in USA. Can I work at clients location legally? I have applied for renewal of my passport.
Requirements for the request for a Certificate of French Nationality from the US
What are the requirements for applying for Canadian Permanent Residency?
F2 Visa for Syrian
Have a German Aufenhaltstitel, overstayed more than 90 days in another Schengen country?
H1B extension filed with USCIS and then going back to home country?
UK Tier Four Student Visa, Common Wealth Question Answered Incorrectly
Marriage and double-citizenship
Travel while waiting for Carte de Sejour
How many days can I work in the U.K. without changing my country of employment?
Apostille document for from non-apostille countries
Losing my job in Germany - Do I have to register as unemployed or can I self-fund?
Can I obtain citizenship through my great-grandfather?
Changing German Residence Permit Stamped into my Passport to the Normal Separate Residence Permit Card
How long does it currently take to get a new biometric Israeli passport if you visit Israel in person?
Shengen Spouse Visa Extension or Conversion
regarding brp card
Italian citizenship through grandmother, missing birth certificate
Maintaining permanent residency right in UK as EU citizen
Will I need a visa to leave the US in order to live in Sweden permanently?
Do schools in the USA accept a Student for Grade 12 when he's completed his A1 level (Grade 11 in the UK)?
Apply for a German visa on a different passport
Am I eligible for a Dutch passport through my grandfather who is a Dutch citizen?
Quitting my job - Can I stay In Germany if my residence card is valid?
British citizen wants to bring his wife and children from Afghanistan
Lost residence permit in Austria - can you leave the country and return?
What happens if I have two visas?
How does taxation work in the EU if you change countries in the middle of a tax year?
What happens if you drive in British Columbia on a foreign license for more than 3 months?
Is the 3 month limit on driving with your foreign license valid for each individual province or for Canada as a whole?
Tier 2 visa refusal
Getting a Dutch Passport
Is there a type of French visa to bridge the gap between two visas?
What stores sell bacon in malaysia?
Which German language test would be more recognized as demonstrating "command of the language" when applying for the blue card/permanent residency?
Any active business network community in KL Malaysia?
Rentals to "expats only" in Copenhagen Denmark
Do I need to get a residence permit in Germany if my type D visa covers the length of my stay?
Working in Norway but living in Sweden. How and where will my wife get health care?
If I live in Sweden but work in Norway, how and where can I get health care?
Is the exchange rate on the date of my application for UK spouse visa what the ECO takes into account or which rate?
How easy is it to find a manual car in North America?
Tier 2 dependent child and ILR
Is there any way to track the UK EEA Family Member Residence Card?
Got Canadian student visa without medical done!
Dutch citizenship through marriage
Long visitor visa for France is refused
Traslation of Marriage Certificate in Italy
EU citizens in Germany: is any registration required beyond Anmeldung?
Which visa type and subtype should I use when applying for a UK Ancestry dependent visa?
Can I stay in Spain after my residence permit expires, but while waiting to get married?
Can a British citizen work in the UK without an NI number?
Can I extend my Netherlands Resident Permit while being on notice period?
Would permanent residence in Italy mean loss of my US Green Card?
Would not mentioning my boyfriend in my tier 4 application be seen as deception by UK immigration?
Applying as a resident to another EU country with a still-valid EU resident permit? (Third party national)
How can I renew a New York driver license from outside the US?
I'm applying for Schengen Visa, while working remotely. Is it Legal?
UK Short Term Study Visa
Will it ruin my chances to be PR in Canada if I marry my foreign boyfriend?
France long stay student visa refusals
Education and work experience sync for Germany job seeker visa
Can I take the TB (turberculosis) test for the UK visa outside of my home country?
Health insurance in Europe for citizen of Poland living outside EU
<EXPAT> Car Loan in Malaysia
Multiple visas, want to switch jobs and countries
French + Swiss residence permits for a non-EU citizen
What do I need to go back to US to immigrate or study?
An Immigrant Wants to Work in Germany as a Contractor -?
Avoiding double taxation during transfer of funds from India to US
How should a couple apply for Express Entry when both qualify?
How can I explain to New Zealand that I am not barred re-entry to UK?
How to pursue my IT career in the Philippines?
Can former expats in the NL keep their Dutch bank account if they move abroad and how do they pay taxes on interest?
When UKBA say exchange rate for savings of £62500 has to match the amount in £ on the date of the application...what does it mean?
Working remote while waiting for a visa?
US/EU dual national wants to exchange US driver's license for a European one
Applying for the Dutch nationality (through naturalisation) outside of the Netherlands - which civic integration exams?
F4 visa was granted but my nephews aged out. What can we do?
US visa application for tourist - listed in F4 application Of father
Changing jobs from UK tier 2 to UK tier 2
What if someone is unable to pass the computerized speech test?
Change in law? EU students and driving cars in the UK
Will I be able to enter other country again?
Query regarding I-94
What are options for H1B after original petition has expired after 1 year of validity?
Could one renounce one's native citizenship in order to prevent a second, naturalized citizenship from being revoked?
Do I need an Apostille for American documents in France?
Entering UK before Tier 5 Visa Start Date
If a person has only one citizenship can they renounce it? What will happen after that?
U.K. Student visa refusal
How do I import a vehicle from outside the EU to the UK?
Will I be able to get CSQ after the completion of the diploma?
EEA Citizen planning move to UK -Can my Non-EEA partner move with me along with our EEA citizen child?
Can I apply for residency permit in Finland on a Schengen Visa?
Can I use fast track for a 3-year UK visa given my history?
lost german aufenthaltstitel while travelling in vienna
Poland : work permit application by employer
Is there a secure way to send a passport from the Netherlands to Spain?
Work Permit Visa for Canada
UK citizenship requirements for EU nationals with PR - should you be working?
Does EU citizen have to meet financial requirement for non-EEA spouse?
Born in France but left at an early age: Can I obtain the French citizenship?
Why is the employer name required to register to vote in Virginia state elections?
Can my H1B visa be transferred to another company, and before Oct 1st 2017?
Am I automatically a British citizen?
Adequate accomodation
Australian PR - Skills assesment - Web developer vs Software Engineer
UK visa refused under 320(7A) (deception) in 2009. Am I banned for 10 years?
How much experience will the Australia Computer Society deduct?
How to pay in advance to the returning passport that was sent to the embassy?
U.K. Student visa application declaration
Am I going to lose my UK permanent residence and if so, what is the reapplication process?
Is it possible to hold UK, USA, AUS, NZ and JAP passport together?
French citizenship through an uncle
EU Blue card and working in the EU
Child put on 3-month visa after holiday
Can I bring my family, while working in the US on a B1 in lieu H-1B visa?
Is it possible to get a UK Family Visa on a long term non-monogamous relationship?
457 Australian Visa school fees in Queensland
NHS eligibility?
How to cope with ageing parents/family and not being with them?
Relocating to France with EU-registered car
Salary R&D laboratory Oil Industry Netherlands with a PhD (UK) and experience
VAT, Customs Duty for personal belongings sent to an immigrant in UK
Are engine block heaters common in Ottawa?
Benefits of becoming citizen of a Schengen country while being an expatriate?
US Visa for Bulgarian citizens (EU, but not Schengen)
How does employment termination affect German work visa?
How to register a daughter
I made a mistake in choosing the type of visa I applied to and it causes to the risk of being banned from the UK
Can I get French citizenship if my grandfather had a French passport?
UK visa for baby born in UK while parents on Tier 2 ICT
UK Registered car, French insurance
Blue card in Germany for a gay couple married in Denmark
Entering UK with Two different Visas?
UK student visa refused but they made an error in calculation
EU citizen, EU child, non-EU spouse
Bringing personal electronics to the US
As a Kiwi living in Aus who may move back, how does one transfer super?
Can I take my daughter with me for my ILR appointment even if she is not an applicant?
British residency/citizenship
How to prove Means of Subsistence for two years of graduate school in Europe?
What are the ILR eligibility criteria for children born outside of the UK who have not finished 5 years of stay in the UK?
Immigrating to Canada without a Degree and with EUR
Can I keep my job as a foreign contractor for a U.S. company, while I am in the U.S. working as a temporary unpaid volunteer?
Filipina married to EU citizen wanting to live in Spain. Difficulty in applying Schengen Visa for a start
Am I entitled to British ancestry through great grandparents?
Evidence to bring to the second immigration interview after a 10 year ban?
What penalty would I incur if I violate the resignation notice period?
Can I get a 2-year Canada student visa for a 1-year program?
Can I stay in Bulgaria after divorce with a change in my residence status?
My wife had SSN, but now on H4 visa - Replacement card or equivalent required
What jobs are exempt from the UK £35k requirement?
ITIN requirements
Cost of living in the Netherlands vs Germany
Living in the EU, working remotely for an Australian company
What is US law and policy in respect of a US citizen who joins a foreign government and takes an oath of allegiance to a foreign state?
Do I need a Canadian transit visa when I have a visitor visa?
Bank annouced they're closing my local account when I told them I needed to change address to a relatives' prior to moving abroad
Can a person get Social Security benefits who worked in the USA for 14 years but is an Indian citizen and reside in India?
What elections, plebiscites or polls do non-citizen residents have the right to vote for in Australia?
I'm an American citizen. I've lived/studied abroad for a couple of years. Do I need a visa to study in France?
Paying UK tax on income earned abroad
Am I a permanent resident?
When leaving the US going back to home country, what forms to fill out?
Immigrating to Germany as an Israeli citizen with a criminal record and a German spouse
Previous employment data in DS-160: unofficial employment
H4 visa expiring in a month. Can I travel to the USA?
Will they revoke my student visa if I don't go to school?
I-130 form for Sibling visa - Is beneficiary signature required?
Coming to France to create a business with a French partner
Can you keep a Bank of America account with no US address?
Filipino wife going to Europe to live
My sister has been offered a job in the US and they want to sponsor her, but would she get the job or not in the US?
Visa Type for a Kenyan Citizen wishing to settle permanently in the UK
I still did not receive my student visa from the Portuguese embassy and my college starts in 9 days. What should I do? Please help
How to meet expats within my local area?
Citizenship limitations for E2 visa
Requirements for B1 and L1b visa
Can I be a citizen of a country but do not have the right to live there?
Making a late application for residency as an EU citizen
National Insurance Number UK from abroad
What requirements are there to be able to vote in the NZ general election if living abroad?
Leaving Germany for 1 year EU Blue Card Status
Is there a personal recruiter/agent service in Madrid/Spain?
Should a non EU student with an EU state study visa still apply for a study visa of another EU country?
Minor Crime Record - Visibility, Confidentiality and usefulness of getting it cleared
If someone was born to foreigners in France in 1958, lived there until 1962, and had a French birth certificate, would they be a French citizen?
Non-regulated job in Germany - Regular Work Permit for IT Specialists
What should I do if I have misplaced my old expired passports?
Do I need a TB test for my Tier 4 uk visa?
Going to the UK with Japanese wife
Mother in law leaving to go to home country - wants to visit Jordan - is a visa needed?
Getting Tier2 visa in UK
U.S. bank refinancing auto loans for for internationally held car
How to convert a Ukrainian driver's license to a US (Massachusetts) license?
Singapore PR status and re-entry permit
Visa to France refused twice for a 2-year old baby
What options do we have to get a year long visa to the Schengen States as US citizens?
The visa before German Blue Card
Fiscal residence without having an address in France
How can US citizens living overseas freeze their credit?
Unemployment benefits for skilled migrants in the Netherlands?
I'm older than the Polish study visa age limit; what can I do?
Will my experience give me ACS points?
What is the average cost to migrate from India to either Australia, Canada or New Zealand?
Blue-sky contract negotiations with a small US startup - what to put in there?
Israeli working in the Netherlands for a US company - what's the tax situation?
Can I apply for a UK spouse visa before actually being married?
Getting citizenship of a country with which Pakistan do not have dual citizenship agreement.
Is there any possibility of getting a Permanent Residency in UAE?
Non-EU Dutch resident (Indian citizen), working in Belgium
How bad it is to work in Amsterdam and live in Leiden?
Non-British mother with British kids
Does my EEA partner require CSI to get PR if I'm an EEA worker
How can I call a 4-digit French phone number from the US?
Branch banking in the UK
Is my Bachelor's degree recognised in Germany if anabin lists my university but not the course?
Article 10 UK residence card - travel restrictions & Evidence of right to reside in the UK
UK citizen returning to the UK from the US as a retiree
EU citizen from UK wants to live permanently with Japanese citizen, currently living in Germany, having a baby and wants to get married
Am I allowed to freely move to Germany for my internship?
What's with this DigiD code I hear about?
Obtaining a German residence permit as a Russian citizen living in the Netherlands
Can I get a German resident permit?
J1 visa 2-year waiver question
Changing from an ESTA VWP to a E3-D
I-94 status update after Mexico visit
UK Landing Card
Chances of getting a B-2 visa if my partner has a working visa
Health checkup (Gesundheits-Check-up) in Germany before 35 years old?
US citizen wants to live in Austria with Iraqi refugee husband
SEVIS Fee Application F-1
In Italy am I legally obligated to show proof of return when travelling with a residence permit near expiry?
Following up on Italian citizenship
Tier 2 visa question
Exercise Community rights in UK (EU national)
Position offered from 2 universities. One has already started processing my Tier 2 and I would like to withdraw
Is a Dutch company obligated to pay me when visiting a client?
Reentry permit needed or DACA changed?
France: police and expatriates
Tier 4 dependent visa refused - Administrative review guidance needed
Where can I check online if the Romanian consulate in New York has my passport ready?
Selecting a health plan in Texas
Can I buy real estate in the US and get a visa?
Can I get a(n internationally-recognized) Debit card in the Netherlands?
I want to get my Mexican fiance permanent residency in the United States with drug conviction
I have a Massachusetts driver's license and I moved to California: how long do I have to get a California's driving license?
Second grace period during an H1B visa transfer?
Is it possible to have two residence permits (one of UK and one of France)?
Canadian study permit refusal
Long stay in the US of unmarried partner with B2
New US driver's license after exchanging it for a French license
Shipping personal effects from USA to Italy
Have any US citizens ever received refuge or political asylum in the Republic of Ireland?
Apply for British citizenship under a British mother born before 1983
Entitlement to a British passport
Applying for student visa while in italy?
Dependent visa for France
Information for name change on passport after marriage
Any benefits of getting EAD while waiting for I-485 approval if priority date already current?
Travel with récépissé for Carte de Séjour
"Marriage is not subsisting" - How to defend something like this?
Home country address or U.S address in DS 160 form for H4?
Applying for b1 visa before starting employment
Get BSN and bank accounts in the Netherlands for me and my partner
Unmarried couple moving to Zurich
I may move to the US, but I'm kind of scared of the gun violence
How does age and employment affect study visa decision?
How can I apply online for a UK Residence Card?
Do I risk being expelled from the country?
Finishing work before leaving the UK
Do my children have French nationality?
New born baby - Citizenship rule
New born baby - Landing in India
Council taxes now that I'm moving because I'm changing job
Getting a US B-1 visa - here in the Netherlands or back in Israel/Palestine?
Assistance with claiming French nationality
I got a phone job interview in US, but don't have visa yet
What happens to a car when it becomes unregistered in the UK?
Is it worth applying for a job to community colleges in the US as a foreigner (no visa)?
Resignation during Parental Leave in Germany
Which visa should my aunt send for me to live in UK?
Moroccan PhD student participating in science research in the UK for unpaid work. What type of visa do I need?
A cheap(er) just-Internet connection in the Netherlands?
Finding an expat relative/friendly forum for the UK
British Nationality for Thai adopted child
Child UK Visa for baby born in UK
How can I get my stuff to a Caribbean island?
What is needed for completion of Temporal renewal?
Am I British otherwise than by descent?
Switching between a Schengen visa and a residence permit in Germany
Do I need to disclose pending DUI charges in application for Australian student visa
Limited 180-Day EAD Extension Rule: I-797C Notice of Action for the EAD extension not received, and EAD expiring soon
EU citizen and EU child, non-EU spouse - Netherlands visa
UK taxes for non UK citizen and non UK resident holding bank account in the UK
Wrong stamp in my passport!
Changing jobs after 6 months as a Blue Card holder
Permanent migration from UK to Belgium/Europe
Some experience or advice for moving from Colombia to Ireland
Can I apply for a new J-1 visa for the US before the end date of my current DS-2019
Renewing a conditional green card
UK residence for a mother of a baby who is UK citizen
Is a renter of a room in France required by law to provide a proof of residence?
Italian citizenship
Non-EU citizen married to British citizen, wanting to live in Netherlands
Can an EU resident live anywhere in the EU?
France: how to calculate total tax burden (including social security)
Conditions of keeping an EU National spouse visa (UK)
UK Ancestral visa - dependents: which visa type my I select
How can I decide a good language course?
Permanent Residency for EU citizen
Does the validity of working holiday visa on France expire if I get out of the Schengen area?
I failed to notify ward office of fixed residence within 14 days. What will happen?
Is IELTS/TOEFL/German language proficiency score required for German student visa for PhD?
Is holding a third citizenship allowed?
DV-2019 reset before October 18?
What shall one do after receiving a green card?
Relocation to UK with British child
Tier 4 Visa application
How to buy Italian editions of books in Australia?
US citizen applying for UK settlement visa/entry (3 part question)
Lost UK paper driving licence after residing in France for 22 years
Netherlands - document requirements
Netherlands, residence permit, "real and actual work"
Philippine national moving to Austria to live with boyfriend - Visa options
Gay Marriage in the EU
How to move to a room with 'no registration'
Tourism hobby clubs in Bahrain
Apart from the USA, what other countries offer something similar to the Diversity Lottery Program?
Marriage abroad, how to handle the bank residential address?
Residence/Work Permit for Company Without Germany Subsidiary?
What is the point of removing the "Valid to Work Only with DHS Authorization" legend from the social security card after getting the green card?
What can I do about the Japan Immigration policy on long term residents not getting a passport stamp?
Can I travel to Canada as a tourist with an Australian UN Convention Travel Document for refugees?
EU citizen going to work in the UK. Can my Chinese girlfriend come with me and possibly work in the UK?
Change of employer in type D visa in Germany
New Zealand refugee or protection status claims visas
Housing in South Korea
Insurance for UK residents living abroad
Entry to the United States with Advance Parole: why having to go through the immigration waiting room?
Car purchase upon arrival in US
Too late in applying for childcare allowance in the Netherlands
Can I get Moldovan nationality by marriage?
Purchasing a UK-registered car outside of the UK
How to read Unique Client Identifier (UCI) for Canadian Express Entry application?
What is the country of birth for a person who was born in one of the former republics of the USSR, for the purpose of the Green Card lottery?
Getting a mobile phone contract in Austria
Elected to be treated as a resident for income tax purposes: W-9 or W-8BEN?
Genuine Student Rule for Tier 4 Applications
Residency, NHS entitlements
How can I prove I arrived in the USA in 2016 from Fiji?
Can an EU national register for residency in Norway while still working in another EU country?
Australian PR points process with different fields work experience
Use previous yet still valid H-1B visa to enter the U.S. while my current H-1B visa application is in administrative processing
Difference between DS-5501 form of the immigration US visas and DS-260?
Renewing a social security card: when is the birth certificate not compulsory?
Do I need to inform UK home office before leaving UK when my EEA family relation ended?
English international driving license
Best way to move $100k+ from France to US?
Residency requirement for French citizenship
Entry visa at Calais border for UK Accompanying EU spouse
French Nationality - Surrendering Indian Passport
DS-5501 paragraph meaning
Criminal record check
Insurance for Mexican-plated vehicle in the US
To what CEFR does SFI correspond?
Does my husband need to get the "registration certificate as a qualified person" for me to apply for a EEA family permit?
Work from home (remotely) in the UK for an Indian company as a dependent?
How long may I drive a car in the UK on a US license?
Applying as a temporary representative in Germany for a non-EU company without a German subsidiary
Residence Card, proving dependency and health insurance
ARD ZDF deregistration before leaving Germany
Self-employment solution moving from Canada to Austria
Is it possible to leave and re-enter the USA while in an H1B post-employment grace period?
Personal cover letter for visa application for TV-L 13 PhD Position
Stamp date in passport is identical to passport expiry date
Cheap base for job hunting in the US after relocation
Salutation to use in a business email to a German lady written in English
Can a non-EU citizen contractor travel to the UK for work purposes without obtaining a permit?
Tax status when doing micro job in Germany
How does the family reunification visa in Switzerland work?
DS-5501 minimum eligible age
My UK visa application is in limbo, neither approved nor refused. UKVI remain silent. What can I do?
USA visa- Does passport withdrawal during 221g processing cause application withdrawal too?
How do bank transfer costs increase when you transfer further within the EU?
How can I apply to extend my tourist visa for Schengen area (to stay in Belgium)?
How soon can my future US employer secure a (H1-B?) work visa (for a UK resident)?
Argentinian wife married to an American citizen had to move from the USA to Argentina. Concern about losing the green card
Employment in UK
How to legally stay in Hong Kong and keep working at my company while it has no office in HK?
USA L2 EAD processing
Is Canadian PR decided solely on "ticking the stated boxes" (including getting the "67 points")?
It's proving almost impossible for someone from Afghanistan to come to the UK
How to get my UK criminal record from abroad?
EU citizen living in London wants to bring non-EU citizen wife over
Getting a driver's license in Germany
Can we directly apply for EU Blue card, or do I need a work visa for Germany? [Software professional] [India] [Have Job offer]
Can a dual national leave Australia on their Canadian Passport?
Standard visit visa for training purpose for the UK
GreenCard: What restrictions on priority date retention?
What is the latest by which to apply for H4
Schengen tourist visa: Work details of spouse accompanying short term work permit traveler
Process to sponsor child - Canada
Dual British/Irish citizen. Can I use my British EU health card in Ireland?
Am I qualified for Australian Skilled Migration?
Health insurance for scientific visa
I have a criminal record in Canada. Can I enter Germany?
Can you re-enter as a visitor with time left on a working visa?
Can someone originally granted asylum visit the home country after being granted Swedish citizenship?
Travel to EU with a passport with different number than that on the Bluecard?
Permanent residency from Sweden while I have permanent residency from Germany due to marriage?
Non-immigrant divorce in USA
Can I (an American) join my American boyfriend who works in Germany?
Apartment descriptions in France. Exposure explanation
What is the non-literal meaning of the book title "Kom hier dat ik u kus"?
What are the dangers of defecting to North Korea?
Must I get an ITIN for a US W-8BEN form?
Is there a process for reversing refugee status once no longer necessary?
Where should I leave a bike in Amsterdam when going vacation for a few weeks?
Can I apply for US student J-1 visa while staying in UK as a tourist, being a Russian national?
What should I be aware of when renting an apartment in Vancouver as an expat?
UK Tier2 visa resigned and rejoining. Should I apply for a visa again?
Is having these 8 citizenships possible?
Dormant Bank Account in Israel
Does staying in other Schengen countries using working and holiday visa affect the future entry as a visa-free traveler?
F1-Visa application: Changing university after submission of application
Dual citizenship
NZ PR rejected, will it affect Australian Student Visa subclass 500?
How can I claim British citizenship for my child while we live in India?
Can I enter a second time in France with a valid residence permit but an expired visa?
Overstay in India with US passport
Is a passport copy needed while filing the new I-130 for a spouse
As a renter, do I need the Dutch energy label for anything?
the UK Family permit condition (EEA citizen traveling with non-EEA spouse)
International student in USA with CPT part-time work authorization can work remotely for a UK company?
What's the biggest grocery delivery service in Vancouver?
EU citizen's rights in the UK after Brexit (in light of the recent news)
Options to apply full-time (40 hours) CPT or full-time pre-OPT for a F1 student possible?
How are saving accounts taxed in The Netherlands?
Are my medications available in the UK?
Can a student upload youtube videos from their home country while on F1 visa?
How do we register our child as a Portugese national?
Leaving UK for holiday after thesis submission
Standard visitor or fiance visa
Is it possible to get a work permit in Germany without a degree but with solid offer/contract as a software developer?
NHS treatment for baby born in the UK staying without visa and costs involved
Singapore Employment Pass - age limitation
Can a mechanical engineer degree holder with Aerospace industry experience apply for Australian PR?
EU-issued driver's license - driving while waiting for it to be exchanged for a UK one
EU vehicle (used) - Registration Certificate - registering in the UK
Going to work overseas for 6 months and study a language
Can one travel to USA with their H1B visa for vacation or do they need travel visa stamped?
Can a cousin be my financial sponsor to obtain long term Spain student visa?
Apply for Germany work visa from other than my home country
Enter the US with pending H1-B petition (company transfer)
My kids have no Social Security number
F2 Visa - Universities that offer online Master's in CS
Get permanent residency in US while working remotely for a non-US company
Is English used for administration in Georgia?
Scientific dependant visa refused!
German work visa application passport submission
Thesis in the Netherlands
I was dismissed from my university. Do I need a new F1 visa?
EU Blue Card - Working for a German company while living outside of EU
Is MCTS (.net framework) recognised for Australia work visa?
Australia visa: skilled employment of two jobs at the same time
How long can I drive in Mexico with a foreign-licensed car?
How to have a foreign diploma recognized in France?
How to legalize a car in the USA?
Overstayed UK visa whilst waiting for my baby to be born
Why does birth-tourism tend to target the US more than it does Canada?
About to apply for a US visa? Can I get an expedited/emergency interview appointment before "First Available Appointment" if I have an emergency?
Does entering by a student visa and not attending the school cause the future ban of the entry in China?
Administrative review - extra documents
Can I take my corn snakes to the UK with me?
German student residence application with Belgium residence permit
Tier-4 extension in the UK - Can I apply for premium service without passport?
Since and until when can I stay in China using a student visa?
Can I create another bank account in a different branch in China?
Am I eligible for a Dutch passport when only my grandparents had citizenship?
Tier 2 ICT dependent visa for the new born baby in UK
In Amsterdam, what kind of public workspaces are open on the last week of the year?
What is the process of paying import duty when receiving a package from the US in Canada?
I am married to a Spaniard. Can I apply for my residence while overstaying my Schengen?
Can a same-sex US citizen and UK citizen married couple work in the EU?
Freelancing in Germany when earning only little income
Are UK Home Office email addresses case sensitive?
Effect of marital status change on study visa in Australia
I have a UK tourist visa. Can I apply for a NiN as an EEA family member?
European in USA for 6 years, but with NO credit history in the USA. What's the procedure to follow?
Can I migrate to Australia with bachelor's and master's degrees in different fields?
H4 visa interview India: new I 797 but old stamp on passport
Schengen visa for internship
Schengen visa for internship
Moving to the UK & being self employed?
Can you use a rental car/car share to pass the road test for a Canadian driving license?
Why do I need to bring a second driver with me in case I don't pass the British Columbia, Canadian road test?
How often can I repeat the road test in British Columbia?
Are personal cheques still used in Canada?
Are there any banks in Canada that don't charge large fees for transactions in foreign currencies?
Dual citizen leaving Australia on a German passport
Worked from France for the last 6 months for US clients without paying French taxes. What should I do now?
Can I get French citizenship?
Legal status of telecommute work in Mexico (with a temporary resident status)
Will they renew my Aufenthaltstitel of my passport expires on the same day?
Renew my California DL
How does the medical system in British Columbia work for insured residents?
Mid-to-long-term storage options in Israel
UK passport for a child born to a UK citizen mother
How can I change from Canada temporary resident to dependent?
Can I keep my family in Germany and work in Finland on a work permit?
How long does it take to get a carte de séjour issued in France?
Can the dependent of UK Tier 2 ICT visa work in UK?
A certified copy for Australian PR visa
Living in Sweden while working in Norway, Norwegian government won't give me an S1 form
Are any Service Canada offices in Vancouver open during the weekend/evenings?
France: New visa application when you are already in the country with another visa
Expatriate leaving France: Who should I notify (taxes/etc) that I'm moving out?
Austrian citizenship language skills
How much tax will I pay in France on 20,000 euros per year?
US J1 Visa - Two-Year Residency 212(e)
Is it mandatory that I carry my work permit every time I re-enter Canada?
Spanish visa for non-EU unmarried partners
3-year UK Tier 2 extension on passport that will expire in a year
Will my Bachelor's degree be recognized if it's missing in the Anabin database?
Digital nomad - capital gains treatment
What is the cheapest EU passport that can be "bought"?
ACS skilled employment criteria for 2 years university degree
Application for a UK residence card
If I receive a pay cut, will I lose my Blue Card immediatelly?
Status on a carte de séjour application
Am I allowed to quit without notice during my pregnancy in Germany?
Security job visa
Indian-Chinese unmarried couple got pregnant. How to get Chinese citizenship for the baby?
Links to security companies with license to sponsor in the UK
Which visa is required to move to the UK as a US citizen married to a UK citizen with our child born in the US?
Can I do a short internship in the Netherlands with my French titre de séjour?
B1/B2 visa change status to F1 (2018). Need advice?
Passport comparison between Germany and Canada.
Emigrate to a foreign country with a remote US-based job
Canadian citizens, married, considering emigrating to Spain to retire. Is there an EU registration or visa process?
UK visa for Grandma
What obligations are incurred by registering as a German resident?
What visa should freelancer without education apply if employer wants him to temporary work in USA?
Transferring unemployment benefit for spouse of EU citizen
Can a revoked degree cause problems for permanent residence?
UK long-term (2 or 5 yr) visitor visa chances for business, 6months visa already there
Portuguese (Austria resident) to register relationship with a Philippine
Language restrictions in France?
Moving to Florida to live with my fiancé
Second K-1 Visa
Can a request for an Indian passport be denied if a passport is lost more than two times?
Entering UK two times in 12 months
Can Freelance Writers be authorized to work in the US?
Will I violate PPACA if I visit the US as an ininsured expatriate US citizen and tourist.
I have a J-2 visa and I'm currently staying in the USA. Can I work as a visiting scholar or post doc in a university?
Can I apply again for a student visa after a refusal?
Can my spouse work in her home country before entering the US on a J-2?
Does my mother qualify for a Dutch Passport / Citizenship
Voluntary top-up payments to German state pension
Should I sign my emails as "Dr" or "PhD" when looking for an apartment?
Surinder Singh route
Will a (landline) phone bought in France work in Germany?
Explain the Surinder Singh route
Can I travel while waiting for my Swedish residence card?
EU citizen marrying a non-EU citizen in the UK
I am living in Kyrgyzstan and plan to work in Argentina
EU Blue Card Germany without degree
K-1 Visa. How long can I stay?
Escaping to another country while I-130 is in progress
If I ask my company to transfer me from Europe to US, do I need to go through visa lottery?
Filing category for I-485 spouse
How can I prove that my parents can support me when I'm studying abroad?
Visa application
Definition of "descent" when applying for British citizenship
Getting a job in Switzerland - EU academic background
Comprehensive Sickness Insurance (CSI)
Can I apply again for a student visa and what are the chances?
I-485 Documentation of Immigrant Category for derivative applicant
Working as a physiotherapist in France
TN versus H1B visa
Can I go on a B1 visa to the US for a training while my L1 petition is being filed?
Shared flat and Germany family reunification visa for a third-country national?
I am a dual US citizen living in Turkey with foreign rental income. How should I file my tax return for 2017?
How to answer how long you have been at your current job?
Can I work in Austria if I have an Italian residency card?
Studying in Canada and working in the United States
Moving to Europe from the US with $200k
Transferring Prescriptions when moving to Canada?
Do Australian citizens need any paperwork to work in New Zealand?
Schengen visa expired
Article 10 residence card?
Can an Indian-Bangladeshi married couple go to France together from India?
Can you see a medical specialist in the Netherlands without a GP referral?
Taking alcohol to Pennsylvania when relocating from outside the US
Adjusting to cold weather after immigration
I'm being charged with the Kirchensteuer after 4 month of apply the Kirchenaustritt
Can we marry on the marriage visa if I'm claiming government funding?
I-485 date of marriage
Denied a Canadian study visa for insufficient funds - will this hurt my US F1 application?
Relocating to the UK with spouse
I want to switch EU countries between my Bachelor's and Master's; must I leave Europe?
Is Form G-325A no longer needed for K-1 visa I-129F fiancée petition?
As US citizen, is there a process to bring my wife into the United States, when we don't spend the majority of our time in the US?
Can someone travel to the Isle of Man with BRP and passport and no separate visa?
Hong Kong ID card and Chinese Nationality
Adjustment of status from OPT to I-130 - petitioner's involvement and status
UK citizen working overseas. Planning a 2-week vacation. For purposes of travel insurance, how long is my “trip”?
Easiest way to pay a large amount of money when traveling to the US in one transaction?
Finding a software engineering job in Switzerland as a non EU citizen
A "sole trader" - what kind of UK visa & with what requirements?
Am I eligible for H1B visa after undergraduate studies?
What's the process for purchasing a used car in Austria?
My girlfriend is 9 month pregnant, I only have a 1-month visa. How can I extend my Chinese visa?
I worked offshore in Norway, between 1978 and 1990. Will I be entitled to a Norwegian pension?
Procuring a Limited Term Driving License in Utah, USA and its validity?
Is J2 is eligible to renew visa when J1 visa stamp expired but maintaining J1 status?
Job-seeker visa or work permit visa for a low-paying job
Vaccinations for the US
How much of the conversation needs to be sent?
Employer: access to decision date of unrestricted certificate of sponsorship
What happens to a Chinese-born citizen who acquires American citizenship by their parents naturalizing?
Health insurance for expats in France
Change company on an EU blue card visa
Has anyone ever filed an I-130 or I-140 Immigrant Petition on your behalf? Impact of previous H1 (lottery unpicked)
Schengen visa for Filipino same-sex fiance of a UK citizen living in Italy
My father was naturalized: am I British otherwise than by descent?
Can I drive in Germany with UK license even though I am not a UK permanent citizen?
My father (US citizen) won't take reponsibility for me
J1 Tax Return Romania
Criminal pitfalls for Westerners in Dubai
Appealing a UK Residence Card refusal
How many months can I drive in the US with a UK driving licence?
Non-EU citizen marrying a Romanian (EU citizen) working in the UK
Medical history for medical examination in London for US visa
French mother gave me up for adoption
What does a non-EU citizen (German residence permit holder) require to live in the Netherlands?
Change in travel plans after UK Tier 2 ICT visa issued
Overseas FBI Fingerprinting
If I am applying for a researcher visa (hosting agreement) in Ireland, could my family apply for family visas at the same time?
Information regarding relocation to Trondheim, Norway
Adjustment of Status
Italy visa after Marriage
Benefit of registration with Rĳksdienst Niet-Ingezetenen (RNI)
What should I provide while applying for a working visa permit in Germany?
Can I get deported?
Building my credit in the USA
Does participating in U.S. Diversity Lottery decrease my chances of getting F-1 visa?
How can I emigrate to the US without a college degree?
Reacquiring a Pennsylvania driver’s license
Germany Residence Permit away for many days
Settling in a European country and bringing non-EU family over
Driving in France with a foreign license after residency has expired
Form I-130 Beneficiary entry information
US citizen working for US company in Germany
What can I do for a pair of kids who are in China with expired passports, expired visas?
Employer green card sponsorship after job termination
J1 Visa - Do I need to file a US tax return?
H1b visa after job termination
Health care reimbursements from CPAM
Aussie and Brit, resident in Oz, want to marry in UK
What kind of form does a child born in the UK need to gain citizenship from Algerian parents who do not have ILR?
Education and Experience are not in Syn for Germany Job seeker visa
Mile stones in my EB1-B Green Card application
What kind of visa do I need to move to Italy with my Italian husband?
How will late I-983 affect H1-B?
After permanent residency in Germany, how long can I reside outside of Germany and retain it?
Ambiguous question in visa application: Have you lived for at least two years in the country where you are applying visa?
I am an Australian on a Tier 2 visa in UK, is a temporary work trip in Paris ok?
Tier 2 dependent children born in the UK
What visa does a US-born baby need?
Nanny entering on a former B1/B2 visa
Applying for US H1B work visa with passport expiring in 4 months. Applicant already in the US
How does my friend obtain US citizenship for his foreign born son?
Can I obtain French citizenship if my mother's great-grandfather was French?
My Iranian passport has expired. Can I still leave Australia?
Can I work for a US company (paid in USD) and live in the UK as a dependent of my spouse's Tier 2 General Visa?
Can I visit a doctor in France, and pay for myself, after I leave France?
US nonimmigrant: passport expiration while in the US
Italian residence permit renewal
Urgent matter: How to get an apostille stamp from abroad?
Return of passport after UK residence card application
UK Tier 5 visa - does AIESEC-UK contribute in the salary of the person sponsored?
NOC for a dependent visa for UK if dependent is serving notice period in his/her organization
Change employer and address during pending I-485
Temporary visa changes to spouse visa in Japan
South African wife, Dutch husband and 8-year old child (boy)
Can my wife enter Germany in order to apply for a family reunion visa?
Is there any way to get a new (not renew) US driver's license when living overseas?
EEA family permit application
Taxes working remotely from Portugal or Spain for an Irish company
Migrating to the Netherlands as a freelancer
Tourist visa issued without turning in green card
What are the visas that allow a company to employ a student that is about to graduate?
Extending H1B in Canada - weird delivery requirements
Why is a French bank asking me to fill out a W-9 form?
Issue with Express Entry Canada?
Medium-/long-term housing in Warsaw
Applying for multiple EU residence visas in different countries
Does remote work from the Netherlands get 30% ruling?
Can I work outside the UK under Surrinder Singh ruling?
Is it possible for a non-US citizen to move to the US and start a company?
Staying in France without EU documentation
Is it permitted to work as a freelancer on Upwork while studying in Germany?
Work authorization for F1 students?
Do I need to be employed at the moment of AOS interview for my employment-based EB1?
Australian citizen working in the USA
Can someone on H1B take an unpaid leave of absence and stay in the US to get a degree?
Can workers escape Saudi Arabia by going to their embassy?
Travel document for baby born in the UK
Health insurance after getting Hungarian birth certificate
UK settlement visa
Bring girlfriend to Germany
Working in Germany and job offer in Italy
Wrong nationality on US visa
Need help with hypothetical scenario around non-EU partner moving with me to Netherlands
UK Ancestry Visa
Moving to Switzerland as a student
Carte de séjour as private tutor
Non-EU spouse: right to work in Italy/Live in the USA
Concurrent filing of I-130 and I-485
Should I worry about US F-1 visa if I am from Russia?
Confused about visa question: “Voluntarily elected to depart the UK” ? Yes or No?
What question should I ask myself before chosing between two internships abroad?
How long does it take for the carte de séjour (residence permit) to be issued from the date of application?
What are my options for a long-term visa? (Between SA & European citizen)
Visa expired. Can I get citizenship in the UK?
Expat returning to the UK with German husband who is retired
AUS/UK dual citizen entering the UK on AUS passport with student visa and taking partner as dependant
How many years does it take to convert an L1 visa into a Green Card?
Travelling outside the USA while close to the end of STEM Optional Practical Training (OPT)
E3 work visa from Melbourne to Minneapolis
Can I land in Dublin and drive up to start my worker visa in Northern Ireland?
I am a man married to an Italian man
Among Schengen countries, which has the "easiest" requirements for getting permanent residence?
Why do some US banks not allow US citizens living in Ireland to open/maintain accounts?
Can I get a working visa in Australia/New Zealand without a degree?
What would be my options to work in the USA? Or should I give up on the American Dream?
10 days remaining on EEA Family Permit. Can I get back into the UK?
What is the average time for getting an EB-3 Green Card?
I am on US F-1 visa OPT and I want to apply for Canada PR do I need to give IELTs again?
Green card in different states
Supporting document as photos TLSContact: EEA Permit
EEA Family Permit Application employment questions
How to correctly apply for an EEA Family Permit for me and my son?
How could I live in Malaysia and work in Singapore?
EEA National Sponsor: EEA Family Permit Online Application
Living in Japan for 25 years, how can I change the address on my old paper license?
What to expect during PostDoc in France?
Church tax back payment when leaving
How to change a marriage visit visa to a spouse visa?
Is there a limit to the percentage of profits per year in a business for an H1B visa holder?
Belgium work visa stamping in the USA for an Indian H-1B holder?
What is the full process of exchanging a foreign driver's license in British Columbia?
Apply and receive OPT while on TN?
Lost BRP card – should I replace it or wait for WP extension to be filed?
EEA National registration certificate number
France speeding tickets
Marriage with Schengen visa in Germany with German citizen
US Citizen with French residency and with a French auto-entrepreneurship. How do I do taxes?
Can I send an EEA national certified copy of passport instead of the original for an EEA Family Permit?
Will applying for a Dutch residence permit invalidate my French residence permit immediately?
UK marriage visitor visa
Does a non-EU spouse of an EU citizen living in Switzerland need a work permit to work in the Netherlands?
Where do I pay taxes if I live overseas and get paid in a foreign currency?
Czech citizenship or residence by blood from great-grandmother?
Canadian wife of British citizen, trying to move to Scotland
How to apply for jobs in Australia for overseas graduate?
Associations in New York City for travel
How can we take our new born baby outside China, or get him a passport?
Student Canadian visa application
Do I have to wait for ITIN for H4 spouse?
What are the consequences of a (fake) conversion to islam, for a foreigner visiting Iran?
What is the safest route to marry your beloved (British citizen) in the UK?
Change of "home office" address while on F-1 STEM OPT extension and awaiting H-1B lottery results
Software Engineer Opportunities in Sweden
Green Card EAD vs H1B
Get permanent residency in Canada while working remotely for a non-Canadian company
Getting a French passport - born abroad to a French mother
Moving to the UK
German permanent residence permit (Niederlassungserlaubnis). Can I change professions?
Can a UK citizen bring her children to the UK without their father?
EEA family permit
What to fill in for letter from current employer when I am still a student applying for a research project in Canada?
May I delete my internships and short contract works from my CV to avoid the Employment Reference Letter for Canadian Work permit application?
Can I have two different student visas with two different EU countries at the same time?
French 10-year carte de séjour holder out of France for 4 years
When my Petition will be in processing State in USCIS for Form I-130, my case approved in may 2015?
Travelling to Netherlands with mvv sticker through Germany
When sending an application to USCIS for OPT do I need to send the "F-1 Graduation Form"?
Visa type for an internship in UK
What is the process for getting a ZAV Certificate on your own for Germany?
Holding dual citizenship prior to country of birth outlawing dual citizenship
US citizen residing in Italy
Worried about travel (criminal record)
Minimum percentage employment to be eligible for German public health insurance (GKV)?
AC21 to port my approved I-140 to a job of similar description
Lost passport in Qatar to be replaced in the Philippines. How to go back to Qatar?
EEA family member visa for my non-EEA wife
Working remotely in the US on an M2 visa
How to apply for a skilled worker visa from India?
Blue sticker from Gemeente on my bike?
Health insurance questioning my finances again
New passport + H1b approval + old passport with h1b visa stamp from previous employment
Can a non-resident UK citizen use a foreign driving license inside the UK?
Time for changing jobs with Blue Card
Freelance visa in the UK
Sweden Personnummer
How can I pay NHS surcharges for children born in the UK?
UK national with Belgian wife post Brexit
Why should a green card holder use their US-based credit card when traveling abroad?
Missed UK entry clearance valid until date. What now?
Is a visa necessary for a 1-month unpaid internship in the Netherlands?
UK job offer - Non EEA with EEA spouse
How do I get a job without knowing Dutch? Would it be possible in one month? How much money will I need?
Girlfriend in the US, boyfriend (me) in South Africa
South African moving to Ireland, practicing EU treaty rights
WES Evaluation for Canada PR
Is a birth certificate with a different first name acceptable for registration?
F1 status holder on medical leave
Moving to Spain from Germany with an EU blue card
As a US citizen with Mexican parents, what steps do I need to take to become a Mexican citizen?
Are there any required medical examinations to travel to France?
Lost my job, health insurance too? (European citizen living in Denmark)
Indian passport validity
How do you pack a flat-panel display without a custom-fitting box?
When will my spouse be eligible for Indefinite Leave to Remain?
Spanish visa for non-EU spouse
German permanent residence permit (Niederlassungserlaubnis) in printing process, can I change job without worrying about visa being revoked?
France Law article 30-3
Can I bring my wife to Austria on a dependent visa?
How can my daughter acquire Dutch citizenship?
Indian student going to study in France. Is the original birth certificate mandatory?
How to renew a TN visa?
Can I get Swiss citizenship based on my mother's Swiss citizenship?
Work permit for dependent in Germany
Can I change my Italian work permit to a blue card?
I'm on an EEA FP. Can my spouse who's an EEA citizen travel out of the country while I stay in the UK?
Conversion of driving license Non EU--> Hungary--> France
EB-2 with NIW: application means cannot apply for student visa again?
Driving license renewal in USA (Louisiana)
Re-apply for UK tier 4 student visa
DS-160: several employments and universities
Transfer I-485 basis from EB-1b (employer-based) to EB1-A (self petition)?
Resigning from Tier 2 sponsorship and switching to Tier 4
Can registering a Business (LLC) in the USA get me a residence permit?
US immigrant visa denial
What happens if I get my Canadian immigrant visa while I'm in the middle of a Master's degree in my home country?
How to get a UK work visa to work remotely for a US company?
My husband wants to register as a UK citizen (born to a British mother in South Africa in 1964). Do we need her passport?
Is it possible for me to reside in Canada and commute to the US daily?
Paying off a credit card balance with a foreign bank?
Standard format of resignation letter in Germany
What is my 'permanent residence address' when I have no 'permanent' residency anywhere in the world and no place in my home country?
Is it possible for a UK Citizen to apply for his non EU wife and child to come to Britain but apply from outside Britain?
Germany: Permanent Resident - Spouse visa language requirement
German long-term work visa: work contract starting earlier than the visa interview date. Is that a problem?
State residency after green card
What does GWE stand for in rental apartment ads?
Is it possible to transfer the H1b from one employer to another?
US H4 Visa docs rejected
Which is the best city in Canada for data science job opportunities?
My wife is going for an advanced master's course in France. Will I get a dependent visa to accompany her? What are my options?
Ancestry visa for Holland
IMSS mandatory when working remotely from Mexico for a foreign company?
I got a job offer from Germany. What now?
Is a salary of 35000 pounds enough for a couple to live comfortably in Portsmouth, UK?
Need clarification on Australia's Temporary Skill Shortage Visa (subclass 482)
English-language art/design schools in European Union
Australian Partner (Provisional) visa (subclass 309) time limit to usage?
J1 visa is up in June 2018; Can I apply for a tourist visa from my home country w/o finishing the 2 year rule?
Can a British Citizen take his Non-EU spouse and child to live elsewhere in the EU under the freedom of movement regulation?
Learner's permit to practice before driving test - over 18
I am a non-UK EU citizen, arriving in the UK before Brexit. Does it matter whether my non-EU spouse joins me before or after Brexit?
By what means can someone with British great-grandparents enter the UK?
Need clarification on Australia's Temporary Skill Shortage Visa (subclass 482)
EU citizen marrying South African
Dual Canadian/Polish citizenship, want to travel/visit to Poland frequently
Overstayed VWP, what to do?
My J1 visa expires in less than a month from my intended travel return date from the Schengen area. Will I be issued a visa?
DS 160 - specific travel plans for an F1 visa?
Can I claim UK ancestry for a grandfather born in a Crown territory (Rhodesia)?
NOC code for software developer - 2173 or 2174
Moving to Republic of Ireland with a UK re-entry ban
Landlord access into apartment
Opening a German bank account remotely from Romania
Apply for a Canadian visa while being in the US from another country
Can you enter Croatia without a visa if you have a 3-year resident permit in Germany?
How to get citizenship for Ireland through "Critical Skills Employment Permit"?
EEA family permit for non-EEA family members
Entering the US after a change of status
Health insurance - working in Japan, dependents live in Germany
US citizen working in the EU for a year. Can my US spouse join?
Are there any implications if I receive Australia PR while I am in USA on L1B?
Would my UK fiancé have to get a visa for the US for more than a month?
Question on French bank account and taxation
How early can we travel within the EU with a US baby born in the EU?
Validation error on USCIS website while checking H1B case status
Do applicant and dependents have to go together to the consulate (US Embassy)?
UK Tier2 ICT resignation query
How should I transport a few cubic meters from TLV airport to where I live?
Confusion about EEA national section in applying for EEA family visa
How to gain additional points on the CoS (Tier 2 UK)
Working in Germany as a non EU
Do you and your family apply for a German visa simultaneously if you have a job offer that entitles you to a Blue Card?
Overstayed 2 years in the Philippines but want to stay here permanently
What's the meaning of C21 Visa Class?
May a Czech Citizen living in the UK Apply in the UK for South Korean visa?
German residency with remote employer?
Question about the Pertussis/Whooping Cough Vaccine?
My mother is a French citizen through marriage. Can I live in France?
What evidence is needed for a dependent sibling of a family member of an EU citizen?
How is the interview process for Niederlassungserlaubnis (settlement permit) in Germany?
Get EHIC after I lived outside the EU my whole life
Living in Australia after studying
Associate degree for EU Blue card in Germany
US citizen: should my Filipina wife give birth abroad (in the Philippines) or in the US?
Employment in France after a master's degree
Processing time for F4 visa
Question about Green Card for L1 at port of entry
UK spouse 5-year route without settlement
Child born to British, Polish & Singaporean parents in the UK
Dual citizenship - Australian born with Dutch mother (deceased)
Mexican Wife in UK Registering to Vote for Mex Election July 2018
Partner lied on visit visa application. Now married, spouse visa refused. Appealing but can he be banned?
Re-entering US when STEM OPT expires in less than 6 months
How can I retain German permanent residence if I need to leave the country?
Can I apply for an H4 visa for my wife if my H1 is approved?
Convention de Stage in English
How long is I-797C H-1B receipt valid?
Is it possible to get a job in US (with H-1B sponsorship) during/after postdoc from USA?
Travel status - Schengen
US visitor visa for Canadian Permanent Residents
Need help calculating grace period
German spouse visa - Flat belongs to a housing cooperative
Can my wife get a Norwegian national identification number before her EU/EEA residence card, or does she have to wait?
UK visa (EEA family permit)
Renewal of residence and work permit in Spain
Repaying SEVIS I-901 fee if applying for a new US F1 visa
Updating address for UK licence
Why does US immigration law require foreigners to avoid leaving the country at certain stages of their application?
Self Statutory Declaration for CIO who worked in a printing firm
Canadian citizen applying for Green Card while in the US + side question
H1B grace period and beginning new employment
UK spouse visa financial requirement
How to obtain NIE/ NIF for Spain from India?
Applying for a Dutch passport or long-term visa
Tier 2 visa extension
Live in the US, work in Canada
Travel to Mexico for I-94 dates extension with a valid L1 visa
Germany: Social Security contributions withdrawal rules
Information regarding ways to freely travel within Europe during renewal of Permit in Italy
Airbnb alternatives for long-term stays in London
German health Insurance for New Arrival
European passport return service - copying other passport pages
How to renew scientist visa for a PhD extension?
Dubai non-practising muslim
Minimum length of rental agreement for family reunification visa in Germany
Married in Germany
German language knowledge
Visa application for non EEA members
Language A1 certificate
National Visa Information
Can my business partner, Canadian citizen of 17, move to the US under a work visa?
About UK visa / residence card
Employer-funded pension in Germany
German residency: Unable to apply because file is still at old city and current residency is running out
Is it possible to apply Schengen visa type C(90 days) with one way flight and apply Temporary residence permit at the arrival destination?
What modifications should I do before reapplication after this kind of visa rejection?
Am I eligible for a Dutch passport through my biological father and paternal grandparents?
Requirement to have an address prior to applying for residency seems like a catch-22
Pakistani wanted for a crime wants asylum in Austria
How to extend my visa in Spain to stay studying language?
Proof of income student visa extension Germany
Child born to Portugese and Indian parents in the UK
Entering the Schengen area for marriage purposes without meeting tourist visa requirements
EEA national under article 10 can apply permanent residence card
Swedish ID validity
Activation of Swedish personummer
Do I get my passport back while my German Blue Card is being processed?
I was born in Canada to Chinese parents who have not settled abroad. I'm now 22 years old. Can I apply for a Chinese passport?
Ancestry rights to the UK through great-grandparents
Validity of Chinese residence permit upon work permit cancellation and leaving China
German National Visa
How long should I wait for being invited after being accepted in the eligible pool for Canadian PR?
Buy a new Volvo in Canada and import into US
Is there a fare aggregator for shipping like there is for personal travel?
When leaving an apartment, how does the utilities disconnection work?
O-1 Visa Expiration Date
Can I apply for a French long-stay visa in France?
Finnish virkatodistus when living in Denmark
Getting H1B on October 1st. Can I switch jobs right away and move to academia?
Leaving the US on H1B. Will I be cap-exempt in the future?
Can I travel to the UK from Dubai with a Portuguese passport but without surrendering my Indian passport?
Can I have both married and maiden names on my French ID card?
Teaching in India
Virtual proof of accommodation letter for the Czech Republic
What is my country of permanent residence for UK visa purposes?
Sworn translation of latest obtained diploma
Requirements for German work visa
Tier-2 ICT refused under 320(7A)
How long before I get my new Canada TRV (temporary resident visa)?
For US immigrant visa, does the chest X-Ray actually expire even once you have the visa?
How far in advance (before the start date) can I apply for a US J1/J2 visa?
Starting point to find a job and place to live in Sweden while being abroad?
What is the standpoint of the Syrian government on emigrants from Syria to other countries?
Accommodation requirements for a UK spouse visa
Combination of I-130 and J1
Where can I report US immigration fraud?
Living in Sweden & Denmark- building citizenship
Can I stay in Europe after I complete my studies as long as my visa is still valid?
Does the time spent in OTHER Schengen countries on a D visa count towards the 90 tourist days?
UK Tier 2 visa validity after I quit my job
2-month paid internship visa for Germany
From which countries can Australian companies no longer sponsor candidates without testing the local labour market?
Going to school for free while not being a permanent resident in Canada
First time F1 visa went wrong and rejected. Help me rectify for 2nd time!
What will be the fee for public insurance when unemployed?
Wanting to move to USA and stay
Address for an EEA family permit
Marrying an Italian citizen in the USA. I want a 4-5-month visa to be with him in Italy. What do I need?
Father French Foreign Legionaire
Refugee in USA, needs to travel to his country of origin
Re-entering the USA with EAD extension receipt and I-797B
Non-EU (Indian) citizen living in the Netherlands and working in Belgium
Renewal of South African driver's license while living in Italy
Parental leave in Germany, if wife is not working
Can someone bring his wife to Spain (he is non-EU, and studying for a Master's in Spain)?
Registration in Germany with an English marriage certificate
Can people on H4 EAD do private tutoring?
Schengen visa: Duration of stay not same as difference between 'Visa from' and 'Visa until'
Extend stay in Canada after expiration of Working Holiday visa
How to get an apostille for a German Master's degree for South Korea for a non-German national?
EEA Family Permit - EEA National registration certificate number
Does calling USCIS on an OPT application before 75 days slow down processing time?
Travelling abroad with UK Residence Card
Japan 2-year income tax exemption for teachers/researchers for US national but non-resident
Does taking the special requirements IELTS damage a Canada immigration case?
I need an employment letter for immigration but I'm a freelancer
EEA Family Permit from South Africa
Driving my expat parents' car in the UK
Moving to Japan from the US with a visa: How do I prepare for the immigration officer?
EEA Family Permit Application question
Question regarding date of entry for form I-765
Renewal of expired blue card (more than 2 years overseas)
Spouse visa for Ireland
Directive 2004/38/EC. Bringing my girlfriend back after she had to go home because of a death in her family
Can I board a flight to Canada without a passport?
Dutch dual citizenship for an Australian
I think my family and I were deported (but not sure) from Canada when I was 16. I need info to go home
Question about I-130A for Marriage Green Card
Does a child born outside the EU qualify for an EU passport if the mother is from an EU country?
Can a non-EU national apply for a work permit from within Germany on business visa?
H1B visa transfer from F1 without OPT
Situation where EU freedom of movement is restricted by a combination of government red tape and corporate policy
Italy student visa question
South African national looking to get British dual citizenship
How does a foreign resident of the UK declare that she got married in her home country?
Getting permanent residence in Germany under Beschv paragraph 4 Managers and Specialists
I am a US citizen applying for a Canadian study permit at the port of entry (when I fly into Canada). Do I need an eTA to board my flight?
UK Family visas: can I apply as a parent if my baby is born in UK and partner is UK citizen?
What are the advantages you get for having a visa sponsor for immigration to Canada?
Co-op / internship visa to Canada
Entering the US while on administrative processing
How would postponing my USA travel until next semester affect my F1 visa?
Philippines work visa: is it up to the company to do the application or can I do it by myself?
What's my status in Thailand after being fired?
Health insurance for German citizen student without EHIC
Overstaying 90 days while waiting for the NIE in Spain
Family Permit for under 21 child non-EEA citizen
Chance of finding a job as a programmer in Istanbul, Turkey, without knowing the Turkish language?
How to profit from frequent air trips home?
How long can I stay in Germany after I resign from my work before getting a blue card?
Dutch passport for my son
Pros and cons of working in Singapore as a US Green Card holder vs US citizen
Marriage in Germany between EU and non-EU citizen
I'm applying for a study permit in Canada at the port of entry. What country do I list as the country where I'm applying?
Acquiring Dutch citizenship or residency as the spouse of a Dutch citizen
Transitioning Australian visa from 458 to working holiday
I (European citizen) lost my job in Denmark. How long can I stay while looking for a new job?
UK visit visa 2 years from Egypt
UK car registered in France
Is a Schengen visa valid after marriage (new last name)
French citizenship through UK-born father whose birth was registered as French outside France
Can I apply for a family visit visa to stay with my husband in the UK before applying for a spouse visa?
My passport has expired and I forgot about it. What about my EU Blue Card?
J 1 visa issue date= start date?
US citizen working for a US company. I want to live in Honduras
What is the relocation process to Germany when the employee is a US citizen and the spouse needs a visa to enter?
J1 visa for PhD refused twice. Can I still reapply?
Is digital signing Form I-864 is acceptable?
Unemployment benefits for a limited residence permit holder in Germany
Retrieve my social security number from a long time ago
Can I re-apply for a Canada student visa after getting it cancelled?
Moving to the UK with my French wife
Is a NAFTA work permit holder in Canada allowed to bring his spouse from another country (such as India)?
Switzerland: Private path to university if they fail to access Gymnasium
How can I (a US citizen) set up my bank/money when I move to Portugal?
Is it possible to start building a credit history in the US as a tourist on a B1/B2 visa?
How to calculate household size?
What restrictions do I have with regards to working in Japan?
Is it possible to obtain permanent residency under an L-1B visa?
How do I bring my car from the UK when moving to Ireland?
Do I need a transit visa to visit Manila from India?
Entering UK with Article 10 Residency Card
French authorities refused to give a carte de séjour to my spouse
Am I allowed to get income from Google AdSense based on OPT authorization if my major is computer science?
Compare welfare in Sweden vs Denmark
How to find other Cameroonians in Singapore while still living in China?
Exchange expired EU driving licence for a UK license
Can I keep my green card if I study abroad for a PhD?
South Australian provisional driving licence to a US licence
Moving to America with my Belgian husband of 6 years
Register as a freelancer in Denmark
Cancelling non-immigrant B visa without going to Thailand
Do I need to renew my carte de séjour if I left France for over a year?
My parents were both born in Holland, would I be eligible for a Dutch passport?
5-year entry ban in 2015 by Swedish authorities. In 2018 I got married to my Irish wife. Should I wait until 2020 when the ban expires?
Residence in the UK under new EEA regulations
How to track a settlement visa appeal?
PhD in physics but freelance software dev. Chance of aus 189?
If husband is Egyptian, and wife is an Australian and Thai dual national, can our child hold these three citizenships?
Do I need a joint sponsor?
Would founding a company by E-residency (in Estonia) create a conflict with my Blue Card in Germany?
Travelling to France by eurotunnel with UK issued EU Family member residence permit
Can I join the Canadian Forces as a foreigner with a work visa?
Student Visa Czech Republic
Do I have to pay customs duty if my family ships a Mac to me in China?
Expired permesso di soggiorno. I don't have a ricevuta
Need to find the best immigration lawyer for a US Green Card
EEA Family Permit for US Citizen with prior coded landing
Request passport back while EEA residence card application is pending in UK
EEA FP - non-EEA financial & employment information
Long-term stay in the UK
Is reckless driving combined with open container a CIMT that can lead to deportation in the USA?
Working rights for non-EU spouse
Surinder Singh route at the airport
Can I work for a Canadian company while living in the UK?
Indefinite leave to remain sticker expired and traveled to India
What is a good job site to get a job abroad with a PhD degree?
Can we buy a car in the EU as American citizens?
Can I apply for a work permit while on Schengen visa?
UK Tier 2 visa interview/biometrics and decision time
I’m in the US on a visitor visa. Can I now apply for a volunteer visa within the country?
Extend stay in Netherlands
UK Settlement Visa after Tourist Visa
Am I eligible for a Dutch passport (both parents now British)?
Can a F1 student in the US do a CPT internship the first summer if the student arrived after the beginning of the academic year?
Dutch passport query
Eligibility to work whilst waiting for decision
Got a green card, stayed 6 months, paperwork says she can come back but can she?
What is the minimum salary required for a Blue Card visa in Germany for a software developer (from India)
Bank statement in a different currency when applying for visa
My father is applying for French citizenship through descent. Can I then do so?
Is the US government strict on the relative height of the face in a diversity visa lottery application photo?
Using moving boxes as checked luggage?
US citizen applying for German dual citizenship with German father
Contact requirement for blue card when changing job
Entering the Schengen area with one passport and legally remaining with another
Why is obtaining OPT authorization much longer than for CPT?
I have a British passport but my child who is 2 was born in South Africa. What type of visa can I get for my daughter to live in the UK?
Postponing driver's license renewal
Nonimmigration Intent as Travelling with American Significant Other
Is the PAN number on a Permanent Account Number card a sensitive piece of information?
UK Tier 5 Visa and cancellation of previous Tier 4 visa
Italian citizenship after marriage
When is an E-3 visa holder considered a resident?
How to bring my Russian girlfriend to the UK?
Time period to renew GNIB
Shipping a high-value personal computer to the US
I am a Brazilian citizen, and I want to marry a Filipino citizen. If I manage to have a work visa to work in Portugal, can she come with me?
I am a British citizen and I want to move to Ireland with my Thai wife
Proof of your dependency if you’re dependent on your EEA family member
Permanent residence card UK
Am I a British citizen?
dependent visa for japan
EEA Family Permit : Previous passports
Processing time after notice of approval
Certifying Copy of US Passport for UK Bank
Work visa required for Italy if married to an Italian Citizen?
Getting Bulgarian Tourist Visa to apply for 'Citizenship by Investment'
Partner of EU Citizen working alone in another EU state
Recognition of same Sex civil partnership In Czech Republic for non EU and EU spouses
US French Dual National inquiries about immigrating to UK in wake of events
Trying to get a work permit in Germany without a degree is a waste of time?
Do I need a local German bank account, if I have an account in another eurozone country?
Is FEA (ZAV) Pre approval mandatory for a software development job in Germany
Move to Italy having an Hungarian student visa
Renting in England without local credit history and no previous UK address
Marriage visitor visa for US citizens with children
Changing jobs in national visa
How long you can stay out of France while you have 10 year permanent resident card?
is it possible to change visitor visa of US into Student visa without leaving the country
Validation Error in USCIS Website - While checking H1B Status
UK expat living and working in Spain - switching to freelancing possible?
UK spouse visa questions
Do I need Federal Employment Agency approval for a Blue Card in a high salary shortage occupation?
Validity and Use of Carte de Sejour
Is it possible to get a work permit in Germany without a degree but with solid contract and 7 years work experience on digital marketing?
Can a F1 visa(expired) applicant apply for Canada visa from USA?
Tier 2 to ILR, what happens to spouse on Tier 2 dependant not yet eligible for ILR?
Is work for a Canadian subsidiary offshore counted as part of the “Canadian work experience”?
Is there a way to get a Masters Degree in CS/IT in the USA while at the same time working part-time?
Visa requirements for children born abroad
Is £74k yearly enough for a 3-person family in London?
Right to work for Non EEA spouse of German in UK
Can I request premium processing for an L-2 when I apply for premium processing on my L-1?
"Given Name" when scheduling a consular interview
Can I be paid for work I did outside the UK while visiting on a tourist visa?
Can I move to Australia? Special Category Visa... NZ/SA dual citizenship
Can I live in Russia for the whole 3 years on a 3 year multiple entry visa?
Emigrate to UK from Argentina
Netherlands rental contract termination
Enter UK with Article 10 without EEA Family Permit
Is it possible to stay in Ireland with a work visa provided by another EEA country?
Can an underage request Italian citizenship through italian ancestor?
I still have not heard back from German Driving License Authority on converting my Canadian license and it's been 4 months!
How to avoid fees when making purchases in a different country?
Canada- Is work from home possible in Canada on Intra Company transfer visa?
have refugee status in UK and going to marry a German citizen and live in Germany
China visa/work permit transfer
Can a Canadian Citizen live in america while working in Canada officially via remote (online work)
When should my spouse file i-485 (her visa expires in 1 month)
Tier 2 (General) Visa - Maintenance (and accommodation) requirement
Dom Nondom Status
Does holding a Canadian citizenship enable a person to get US H1b / L1 much easier than citizenship from third-world countries?
is a Senior Web Developer position under Tier 2 shortage occupancy?
Please I need interpretation of the visa denial letter from the French consulate
How to update residential addresses registered with SCHUFA?
Space requiremnt for German embassy visa
Best way to take money from USA to Italy
Form for child born in UK to Tier 2 parents
EHIC eligibility for dual national (British/German)
Apply Temporary Skill Shortage visa while applying for permanent resident visa to Australia
Pakistani asylum seekers in Europe
Am I eligible for a UK Ancestry Visa if my British grandparent was born outside the UK?
Registering child as a British citizen
What is the name order on ID such as passports?
How to get a job abroad with a PhD Degree but without strong publication lists?
EEA family permit refusal
Acquiring work rights in UK
Best water supply in China
Spouse visa category and IHS payment
Mobile carrier and phones
Europeans expats who own an online business - how did you go about getting a USA visa?
Exercising my treaty rights
Backdated deregistration after departure from Netherlands
Resources to practice for Life in the UK test?
US holder of 10 year multiple entry tourist Indian visa denied reentry
Acquiring UK permanent residence through a parent for EU citizen
Reimbursement for municipal and water taxes when leaving mid-year?
Gap in evidence of work experience
Entering the UK as a visitor, 5 years after tier 4 visa was curtailed
When I get a new US passport are other countries able to discover my previous passport number and travel history?
Should I have ECA before submitting EOI in SINP?
How to obtain B1/B2 for spouse of U.S citizen
Marriage Visitor Visa - Eventually Settle in UK (US Citizen)
I am on B1/B2 visa and want to open a credit union account in the US. Can I apply for ITIN to do this? Is this a bad idea?
Companies with Visa Sponsored for non-European citizen
Can I register a Nebenwohnung before I have a Hauptwohnung?
What will happen to my SSN if I leave the US and then move back on a different visa?
Visa for 3-month internship in Switzerland
Skills assessment for Australian visa: Medium stream temporary visitor visa subclass 482
Can I drive a car in the UK if it's leased in Italy and I am resident in the UK?
Moving to Germany to take up two jobs, but will need two homes. I've heard the costs for the second home may be tax-deductible. Under what conditions?
US Credit Building strategy: Have both an Unsecured and a Secured Credit Card?
Marrying non EU citizen
China Permanent residence expiration
How does hourly job, works in germany
Ancestral visa application
German Job seeking visa, Should I request a Diploma recognition?
Can EU countries limit national civil service jobs to national citizens, or do any EU citizens have a right to work in any EU national civil service?
How can an American moving to Germany get necessary work and residency permits? Already have job
French freelancer moving to Australia
How can I legally enter EU countries ? How do I cancel my entry ban?
As a Mexican, can I change from B2 tourist visa status to TN visa status without leaving the US?
While waiting for a Swedish residency card I am not allowed to travel in the EU/Schengen zone
AIG Global Expatriate Assistance program
Working remotely for a foreign company in Canada as a dependent of a student
Do I need an "Antrag auf Zulassung zu einem Integrationskurs" to do an Einstufungstest or the Deutsch-Test für Zuwanderer?
Can I convert the UK Standard-Visitor Visa to a Fiancee Visa?
Permanent permit
Can a US greencard winner re-enter alone or can extend of family members visa enter time after 6 month is over?
If I marry an EU citizen in Sweden, how can I get a resident permit?
Green Card Application in Northern Cyprus
Is it possible to change from spouse residence permit to a work permit visa in Germany?
Best way for Chinese citizens to get jobs not in China?
Disabled UK Citizen
Sample Work Experience Letter for ACS Skills Assessment
Would an immigration case be opened if some required documents are missing?
After marrying a US citizen, can my US immigration visa be processed in my country of temporary residence?
Out of job while on H1-B
What type of visa should I get to participate in startup programs in Germany?
Permanent residency in Germany with an expired passport
What does it mean to be resident?
how to return I-94?
The meaning of 'sponsor' in the EEA FP application
Visa renewal and working Visa
How do I apply for British Citizenship for my Child that was adopted?
What is a “Nachweis über die getrennte Namensführung”?
I need to apply for a national D visa in Italy but have no country of residence
How finished for living is a German rental home, usually? Should I expect to need to budget time and money to install a floor and wallpapers?
Working Visa question
Green card holder bringing child to US to live. Any issues with a one way ticket?
UK Citizen, wife and son are Canadian- can they be in the country while waiting for a visa?
How do foreigners get electrical service in the United States?
Spouse visa for non-Eu spouse of non-Eu Citizen on study visa in Italy
How does $60,000 salary in Sweden translates to salary in Seattle (US)?
Getting mom sponsored through her brother for Schengen
How can I get a Steuer-Identifikationsnummer (tax ID no.) a month before my date of employment, without physically moving a month before?
Passport renewal : H-1B visa stamping on soon to expire passport
Will bringing my mother in visitor visa to Germany cause any problems when I try to bring prove her hardship?
Can I start the Krankenkasse application process before moving to Germany?
How many years will be deducted, if education in B.Com and experience as a graphic designer
National visa expiring before applying for EU Blue Card
International student to intern in General Motors Canada
Can I apply for a German Blue Card with a Data Analyst/Data Science job?
Change of employer (within 2 years) for non-EU citizen having Blue Card
Can I pay visa fees directly
How long can I stay in France after my titre de séjour and récépissé have ended
Denied visa for reentry to the US because of earlier Medicaid use
How is a German real estate living area defined?
Can I visit France from Germany if I have a 6 months National Visa valid for Deutschland?
UK citizen living in EU returning to U.K. With spouse
UK Work permit / Separated Status
Immigrant Visa Interview
Separated Status / UK Work Permit
Traveled to Oman from Malaysia. Passport or visa was not stamped
How long does it take for a Ukraine work permit visa to be issued?
How to stay in the UK after the exchange program?
What name of the city should I use when I participate in the US Diversity Visa, if the name of the city has changed since birth?
Is there any possibility to obtain German Citizenship before 6 years without marriage?
How likely it is to get a job in programming in Germany for a non-EU without a degree?
IHS payment problem
US Born, UK Citizen Mother, do I qualify for UK Passport?
EU Blue Card travel validity after leaving country for good
Are the parents of an EU Blue Card holder eligible for a family reunification visa?
Withdrawing money to buy a car in Japan
Will Australian Computer Society deduct experience if I have internship?
[US]Twitch Streaming during OPT
Is there a possibility to bring a widowed old parent to Germany if “hardship” is proven?
Which countries in EU guarantee paid lunch break?
Different dates on passport and birth certificate, which one should I use for the DV lottery?
Will applying a US diversity lottery (Green Card) program affect my future visa requests?
My father is a French Citizen. Can I get French citizenship through him?
Do I normally need a Haftpflichtversicherung (liability insurance) to rent in Germany?
How to send/receive a used phone from USA to Europe, what about duties and tax?
I've left the EU. Should I keep my bank account and credit card?
What kind of visa should i get to participate in UK entrepreneurship programs?
China Z visa: what happens if I quit the job during probation period?
US visa process for medical graduate
Will the UK deport my boyfriend after he serves his jail sentence?
Will F3 family-based petition affect the B2 visa application of my wife and infant child?
Born in the US, want to 'repatriate' to grandparent's country
Is “Wohnen auf Zeit” easier to organise from abroad than normal rental, or do landlords still insist on Schufa, work contract, and meeting the tenant?
My UK Tier 2 visa was refused, the visa office states I did not send a letter from UK NARIC, but I did. What should I do?
British citizen thinking of moving to Spain with Thai wife
What other documents other than Passport are considered an ID when applying for renewing the residency in Germany?
Changing nationality
What type of visa do I need?
How can I find out whether my father was Dutch?
Can we get same sex fiance visa even if we only met once?
Can I enter 1 week and a half before expiration of I-94?
Non-EU citizen with EU Blue Card working outside EU but with address in Germany
Can you please give me the email address to send documents from India to Sheffield
Is it possible to apply for a work visa (blue card?) for Germany while you have a French D-Category (family reunion) visa?
Suspended license impact on UK visa already granted
Valid out-of-state DMV driver's license but class 7, moving from British Columbia to Washington
Does prior overstay as a minor increase chances of being rejected for F1 visa (US)?
Can I apply for "Deutsche Passersatzpapiere für Ausländer" if it is too complicated to renew my passport at my Embassy?
A question about Residence permit in China here (X1 Visa)
Will failure to deregister from Germany cause problems registering 11 years later?
U.S. Employee teleworking while traveling in Italy
How to prove you live somewhere when you live at some friend house for the National Insurance Number in UK?
How can I be with my Swedish wife for the birth of our child?
How can I have my child born in Australia without going bankrupt?
Non EU citizen living in the uk
Unemployment benefit
Is it neccessary for doctoral students to register car in a different EU country to their home country?
What documents are required for the EEA family permit?
Third-party citizen married to EU citizen to work in the UK
NOC code for Devops Engineer - 2173 or 2174
What is the minimum Passport validity when applying for Niederlassungsurlaubnis?
Blue Card France
EU Blue Card with changing employers within Germany
Expat needing to know about renouncing US citizenship
Tax as an Italian resident
Can I study French at France without visa (Schengen rule) or need a student visa?
Can you work as a stateless person in Scotland?
UK comparability diploma for IT council
Do I need a tenancy agreement in my name for T2 Dependant visa [UK]?
Signs of weak ties to your country of citizenship?
Jus sanguinis Italian citizenship for EU Citizen (But residing in other country of EU)
How to deposit US social security in Japanese bank
Change from dependent visa to work permit
travelling out of country on L1B while TN i-129 petition is submitted
EU Blue card application from Italy
Get Permanent Residence now, or wait until March 2019?
US visa for scientific conference
Multiple Non-Immigrant B visas for Thailand?
Visa status and limited term driver's license in NJ
Applying for a Sweden student visa while in UK as a student for an Indian citizen
If Non EU citizen with Blue card become unemployed, can he get back to student status again?
Strategies for UK migration as a software dev?
How can I drive my Greek registered car in the UK
can I drive a uk registered car with my greek driving license?
Does a Verpflichtungserklärung expire?
Eligible for German Blue Card. University is H+ on Anabin. However B.A.LL.B is not
Germany: What to do if work seeking visa expires?
Netherlands: Passing grades for the integration exams
Surinder Singh still viable route for UK
A bank employee visited my flat in Germany
Courses eligible for Skilled recognised graduate visa subclass 476
Quitting job under Tier 2 UK and entering as tourist
EEA FP cover letter. Final touch down before submission
Non-EEA national (US citizen) wanting to marry EEA national in UK on a marriage visitor visa without intent to permanently settle in UK
As of Nov 2018, is it possible to take a week vacation/break between jobs while on H1B (after receiving the receipt number)?
Can a married couple file for Express Entry if one of us is temporarily not in Canada?
BRP for change of name and passport still with maiden name
Is the validity of a foreign driving license for a new UK resident 12 months from issue of RP or arrival?
My wife is from the UK, I'd like to visit with her and work
Freelance Net "Salary" vs Permanent Employee Net Salary - a Tough Decision
Can a UK Tier2 dependent work in other EU countries with valid work permit and schengen visa
Do we need photos for UK Tier 2 Dependent Visa for a 2 month old baby?
How can I get a work visa for US?
What are the options for registering address in Austria?
British and Iranian couple moving to mainland Europe together. Easiest way to get a visa?
EEA Registration Certificate to Resident permit to UK Citizenship
Can a Canadian citizen teach English in Iran?
Does J1 visa need to be valid to apply for J2 visa?
Working permit in Netherlands
Carte sejour at Palaiseau Prefecture
Travelling & working with recepisse for Carte de sejour 2eme demande
Transferring money from mom's account for Express entry proof of funds
Can I use a 401k/IRA as proof of funds for a non-lucrative visa application in Spain?
British national living in Germany for 28 years - what happens after Brexit?
Traveling to the US on a B1/B2 visa with consular green card processing pending
Non EU student(Indian), studying at German university,planning to do an internship in Netherlands company
What are the requirements for a business visa for Nepal?
How to correct a mistake made on EEA FP already submitted application
Transferring money to the Netherlands which has been already taxed in the country of origin
What is the best time-interval to send follow-up email to a prospective employer in UK?
I am a dual citizen of Canada and US looking to marry a Canadian Citizen
Drive in the UK on Indian licence
Do I get an EU Blue Card from Germany if my degree is not listed in ANABIN and my university is listed H+
Obtaining a European visa as a foreigner in the USA
Theoretically elligible for settled status. Does that make newborn daughter British?
Change job with EU Blue Card in Germany
Do I need to apply for new green card or can I use the old one if I've been out of the country for 5 years?
EU national living in the UK moving to Berlin with a new job
Is there a minimum duration requirement for employement contract when applying for a Blue Card through Germany?
Mother refuses to allow child to become US citizen
What is required for a British citizen to return to the UK with Indonesian spouse and children?
Study permit imm1294e error
UK visa for non-EEA child of British mother
I am a Swiss national and want to move to Italy with my Indian husband. What is the process for him acquiring residency?
Do I need a recognized university degree to get a visa to work as developer in Germany?
UK tier 2 extension processing time?
Does changing the residence permit, to Blue Card would help me for migration to Germany?
EEA family permit form - how to answer when/where did you first meet if we met online?
An Upcoming Situation
Criminal Records Check for non-EU citizen wanting to be a teaching assistant
Can a non-German become a police officer in Berlin?
Do I need a visa to work in Romania if I have a Bulgarian residence/work permit?
How can I deregister a car in Austria?
What do I need and how much it costs to register a car in Belgium?
EU (non-UK) citizen moving out of United Kingdom. How do I unregister to vote?
After a study program ends, could I stay in China and apply for a work visa?
EU Applying for Irish Citizenship, parent never had Foreign Birth Registration certification
Tuition in the Netherlands for a person with a German family reunion visa
Can F2 visa holder apply to get a licence as a physical therapist in USA?
How can I rent my first home in Ireland?
Will I have to pay duty on silver brought into the UK?
Can a teenage runaway get refugee status or migrate?
Can I live in the UK with a German passport?
Will a child born to two bulgarian citizens in the UK after Brexit be an EU citizen?
Would my infant daughter born in UK need a TB screening test to return to UK?
Is it easy to move to Singapore as a UK citizen for a career in programming/business?
Immigration to Australia with 2 wives
Working in Netherlands for non EU citizens married to EU citizens
UK citizen: how do I return to the UK with Kenyan husband and daughter?
My salary in France is 2000 euros net. What is my salary in hand after all deductions?
Having J1 and F1 at the same time
Getting a UK visa at Calais
Can I add UK and French citizenship to my US citizenship? Mother British, father French
Tourist visa for baby born in the UK? (TIER2 parents)
How can a US company regularly pay an overseas contractor?
Looking for Private health insurance in Canada, coming over on Work Permit
Relocation advice? US TO UK (Aussie, Swedish, American family!)
Expat moving out of the US filing tax return
Does a speeding ticket or a false parking affect Niederlassungserlaubnis application?
Article 10 family card questions
Moving to England advice - EU husband, Aussie wife, US child :)
Is it possible to enter Canada again after being given removal order?
French Mutuelle when both spouses are working
EEA Family Permit - Application form family details
How/Will UK customs charge me if I bring my household goods to UK?
work permit from Sweden to work in UK?
Switch from student visa tier 4 to youth mobility
Can I marry non-EU Citizen as EU-citizen in the UK?
What is required to claim Canadian citizenship?
Where do I ask for a verification of de-registration?
What kind of an RNI extract should I order?
Can I get married while on STEM extension EAD
Expat living in Germany, working abroad
Explaining My Work Permit in TRNC for UK Visa
I need to know more about applying for a 10 years visa
EEA family permit for UK
Change from a German dependent visa to blue card?
Transit through the USA
EEA citizen question about "Settled Status" in UK after Brexit. Particularly the 5 years continuous residence requirement
Diplomatic Family in USA - J1 visa problem?
Student Visa in Spain
Student Visa of Canada working abroad
UK Visa for Plab 2 Financial consideration: Regular Deposits from a Sibling
Possibility to get a J1 Visa despite parents in USA?
Bringing Money to the US from a Foreign Country
Swedish citizenship application - what happens if you stayed in another Nordic country ”in between”?
tax implications of selling US stock while living in the EU (Germany)
Accumulate years for eventual citizenship at any EU country?
Renew J2 visa without J1
Forgot to list a country on the DS160
Can a minor (3 year old) apply for UK Tier-2 Dependent visa alone?
Can I apply for a Type D visa for Austria from Germany while holding a Type D visa in Germany?
Working on a remote job / German work permit/bluecard
Dutch Highly Skilled Migrant permit vs EU Blue Card
International and EU passport, which do i use for living rights?
Is it easier to obtain Spanish residency and work permit if my parents are Spanish residents?
Mentioning client name in Roles and Resposibility document to ACS
Normal and sensible way to get internet connection in Canada and the average cost?
New Zealand Residence Visa under SMC
Overstaying visa waiver while waiting for residency permit in Belgium?
What we need to do exactly to move to the UK?
Lost passport after filing Dutch visa application
(UK - Tier 2 visa) I am a tier 2 visa holder and was overseas (out of UK) when I was dismissed from my job. I am still overseas, can I return to UK?
Luxembourg citizen restricted from traveling abroad
Can I reuse the certificate of sponsorship after Tier 2 general visa refusal if the COS status is still "assigned"?
Registering for the Belgian elections 2019
Can I travel within the Europe while awaiting my French resident permit (I have a 3 month work visa)?
UK Ancestry Visa, Dependents application
Can I have dual citizenship?
Scientific Researcher Visa Application Letter
If you operate as a sole trader with an ABN in Australia, and move to NZ, can you still operate it from NZ?
Are there power socket adapters from H to E/F which carry grounding?
is job hunting in the UK harder than in the US
Ireland Visa Minimum Finances Requirement
How to apply SSN after I94 Expiry
Remote working for indian citizens
Visa for Child born in the UK to parents on Tier 2 (General) Visa
Can I apply for Canadian provincial nomination programs on my own with my express entry profile?
Moving into The Netherlands with my non-EU partner
Giving birth to a child in UK
J-1 2-year requirement waiver
Does Singapore provide residence permits for expats with work visa?
How expensive is sending a letter by registered mail in the Netherlands?
Bringing diamond jewellery to Canada
H1b Visa stamping
Okay to enter the US with an existing B2 visa after being married with the intention to file for a green card?
UK Tier 5 Youth Moblity visa never used and is expired, what can I do ?
What EEA countries are lenient towards EEA citizens bringing their non-EEA parents?
UK citizen living in canada for three years - do i change my address in the UK to canada?
Can a South Korean PhD student completing their military service as part of their Ph.D. degree do an internship in the United States?
How to calculate customs duty on importing furniture to Switzerland?
Non-English speaker as reference in UK Citizenship
Experience Letter for ACS Skill Assessment (for 189 Visa) for a company which is closed
Work in other EU countries while I have temporary Residence permit in Lithuania
Using International Driving license in Spain, while having residence Permit from Germany
Texas Drivers license, no residence in Texas
Blue Card for Czech Republic with no university Degree
Do i qualify for a Dutch Passport if my Mothers parents were Dutch born/citizens?
Living in Mexico with soon-to-expire US passport
Wroclaw, Poland Work Permit
Live in Germany, work in Switzerland as non-EU/EEA national
Are remote jobs done for Canadian clients worth points for Express Entry?
Health Insurance for National D Visa (Poland) under work category
Is there a cap for the number of Verpflichtungserklärung one can request for friends and family members?
If I have a job offer, still will I need to show proof of funds for express entry?
May a VWP Violator Later Be Sponsored?
Inheritance for a French citizen with a G4 visa married to a US citizen
Cheap way to move appartment contents from Estonia to Ireland (no urgency)
British Citizen with Canadian mother, needing passport
Getting my first provisional driving licence in uk using my BRP (new arrival non EU citizen)
German tax for couples : choosing appropriate tax class
Can anyone tell if an EU driving licence has been exchanged from a non-EU country?
ECE graduate with IT exp can eligible for australia PR
Moving from Germany to UK
What is the status of children of a person who is British by descent?
How is Korean ability evaluated for the F-2 (resident) visa?
US Permanent Resident Working From Home
Lost my EU license and need to replace with UK license - help
South African Looking for Dutch Citizenship
Swedish Residence Permit
Does I-140 application submission/rejection affect future US non-immigrant visa applications?
Netherlands postdoc salary and health insurance
Can a non-Indian spouse claim rights/share in Indian financial establishments/properties on divorce?
Alternative routes to entering the US without Marriage
dual citizenship under The protective umbrage of the queen
EU countries with registered partnership option
F4 inquiry about children
French housing agencies refuse to accept a foreign guarantor
F-1 OPT STEM extension using my second Master's in a STEM degree
What procedure do i have to do
Australian citizen leaving Australia on Irish passport
Dutch Father Canadian Mother - CAn I apply for a Dutch Passport
Can I use my UK credit record in Germany?
marrying on an ESTA, can I stay?
Australian Skill Assessment (ACS) Statutory Declarations and Affidavits
Can I apply for a student visa in Spain once I enter the Schengen as a visa-free traveler?
Which are good affordable localities to stay for someone working in Coolsingel Rotterdam?
ESTA application with passport issued in UK
How do you find jobs with sponsorship?
Can I keep my car on UK plates while studying in New Zealand?
Minimum residence area for family reunification
Non-EU spouse living in France - travelling alone to UK in a weekly basis
Can I go to Netherlands for thesis(6 months) on student visa which I got in Germany?
Whether I will be allowed to enter Europe with year long Schengen Visa when my UK brp is expiring in 50 days
Schengen rule apply to non-EU spouse with Croatian residency card?
NIW recommendation letter for an acquaintance
Can my son get a Netherlands visa
Applying for Parent Super visa before landing in Canada with a PR
Carte de Sejour France effective date
When can my wife and daughter apply for British citizenship
Tier 4 dependent Visa
fingerprints for Schengen visa vs national visa
Would obtaining a residence permit in country B be an obstacle to naturalizing in country A?
E2 Visa company converted from LLC to C-Corp
Schengen visa for Au pairs
Apply for new ICT visa and cancel Tier 2 General visa
Can I come back in Germany and work as remote or offshore not claiming any allownece
Can my child live with me in the UK?
Will there be a problem if I have my maiden name in the petition, but married name in all other documents?
Contract Role or Tier 2 in United Kingdom - UK - Which is easier?
Am I an English citizen by descent?
Is there double taxation for USA/Aus dual citizenship if I am resident USA 20 years and only one week income in Sydney for a project there?
Immigration extra baggage allowance
Trying to get a picture ID to get home
Can I exchange a UK for a DE license when my UK license is not yet about to expire?
Will there be any problem if a passport is renewed before landing as a Permanent Resident in Canada?
Which type of visa do I need? The situation is rather complicated
EU citizen ( working in UK) married to non EEA citizen: which application to file?
previous unlawful stay in UK- how can my husband ( non EU) get family visa
Change of status in visa Japan
Uk licence / no uk registered address
Moving to Spain prior to 31st March
Should I disclose information about my house for deemed acquisition/disposition purposes in Canada?
Can I apply for a Dutch Passport
Do I need to apply for H1B lottery if the company wants to hire me?
About National D visa withdraw
What US visa do I need as a consultant?
Will the previous stay outside USA add to the current stay? or will the 6 month clock start over?
Meeting required income for a UK unmarried partner visa while living outside the UK
Academic Documents Attestation in London
Meeting required income for a UK unmarried partner visa while living outside the UK
Is educational transcript mandatory for Australian skill assessment PR visa process?
Exchanging an EU driving licence for a UK when the EU licence was obtained by exchanging from an "accession" country
Chances of US tourist visa acceptance after getting Canadian PR?
Non-eu with contract in CZ but living/working in DE
Cerebral palsy and IELTS
What are the rights of single permit holders for non-eu citizens
Working on England: NARIC
Sequence of SSN, rental, bank account, etc, in USA to satisfy dependencies
Work benefits in France
I need specific details about ielts test special requirements
What to do about my will (post-death wishes) while working abroad?
Applying for german residence permit after entering
USA F4 category
Do I need to file I-765 for the adjustment from H1b to Marriage Green Card
When spouse visa is refused to a Nigerian spouse of an EU citizen what is the appeal process?
EU Blue Card - Poland
EB5 Green Card : Can it conflict with EB2 Green Card Application
EEA Family permit renewal
How to get software development job offer in Australia before immigrating (to get 5 extra points)?
Dutch Citizen Marries a non eu citizen studying in germany
Birth certificate for green card application
Get 'Niederlassungserlaubnis' after 33 months of Blue Card without A1
Why my entry permit to UAE is taking so much time to issue?
Is there a way to legally refuse to pay the public broadcasting payment in Germany
Settle in England
filing for EEA family permit from abroad
Can I keep staying in France after I enter it without a visa?
Is sister eligible for US green card "through your family"?
I need help with the documents relating to my application to become a Dutch Citizen
Is it possible to study in a country for more than 5 years for graduate studies, and then apply for citizenship?
Australian PhD related forums and online Inquiry consultants
Naturalization interview - US Passport instead of Birth Certificate
Exchange limited validity Australian license for UK license
Dependent can stay in UK till end date of visa if main applicant leave UK before end date of visa?
Bringing USA modem to UK
Exchanging a New Zealand driver's licence for a UK manual car drivers license?
Shoes indoors - is this common?
Hired with H1-B before April & Starting in October - How is this possible?
Already have a priority date for Green Card, but planning to be jobless for half a year, what happens to my priority date?
Indian citizen, J1 Tax Exempt in USA. Do I pay India taxes for US income?
With a 2 year work permit for Canada, can I apply for a long stay visa for my mother?
Illinois drivers license to French permis de conduire
Renew NY drivers license from abroad
Ancestry visa tax and NI
Apply for UK Student Visa in Non Home Country
Is it possible to renew OCI card for US citizens kids from India?
ACS Australia Skill Assessment: does relevant work experience during bachelor studies count?
Schengen Visa or National Dependent visa for Poland
Intended day of arrival after course start date - UK Tier 4 General Student
Immigrating to Germany from India
Providing biometrics for Canada Permanent Residency
Can I renew a driver's licence online ( can I send a photo via email?) in Texas?
Can I travel to EU country after resigning in Germany?
Renewing US driving license while living in UK (I still have a US address BUT no UK license)
Can I qualify as a returning resident
Consideration of child education before moving to Australia
Live in Germany, employed by US company
What happens if OCI (Overseas Citizenship of India) is not renewed?
Is an interview part of EEA Family permit?
Time frame for PR application with job offer for Canada
Driving in the UK After Brexit
Taxes in canton Ticino, Switzerland
L1B to L1A - do I need to give biometrics again?
How to get a French "Passeport Talent" or "French Tech Visa" for startup founders?
EEA UK family permit for partner, I am an EU and UK citizen
UK Ancestry to retire
Please advise on applying US B2 visa from dubai to accompany my huband travelling to US for business meetings (working in Italy)?
How long does it take for the PR process to complete with a job offer and express entry profile?
Diplôme en France when renewing titre de séjour?
Netherlands - Rent - Landlord is forcing me to pay 1 month
In France, is lunch included in an 8 hour shift?
How long can I drive a company EU-registered car in the UK?
Dependants of ancestral visa
Time-frame of cap exemption & validity of a new H-1B visa for former H-1B holder
EU citizen applying for British citizenship. Self employed and not sure how to prove it
How often do you see bookholders being used in libraries in the US?
Should I get an Italian driving license / type of visa?
Internship in Japan
Indian Passport with F1 visa not stamped upon entry to the US(I-94 is up to date). Will it be a problem when I apply for H1B?
Car insurance during the move
EEA Family Permit from outside UK after already moving to UK
I was Born in the United States but my parents are from Ghana, so I'm American or Ghanaian?
What visa do I need to volunteer in the US if I am Canadian and only going to volunteer?
Germany my residency card has expired
ILR set o form(question on previous countries visa refusal)
Staying in US over winter every year
Leaving Schengen when having two permits in EU for non-eu people
As a non-US citizen, do I have to keep the paper record of a US "official jury summons" I received?
UK Fiance visa: Does my American Master's degree need to be recognized by UK NARIC?
Can an Afghan citizen get the German work visa without interviewing?
Is there any limit on how often a US citizen studying in Canada can return to the US?
What happens if you leave an unpaid utilities bill in an EEA country you no longer live in?
How to apply for a Portugal work permit?
Can I apply for a Schengen visa while in a Schengen state?
Would a multi entry schengen visa get cancelled upon applying for family reunion visa?
How much time can my Mexican wife and my son stay with me in the UK while working my 6 months before Family/Spouse visa application?
Passing a border with an infant of a different citizenship
French citizenship after studying in French University
Will the EEA directives still apply in the UK after Brexit?
Germany Blue Card change job/employer
After violating US student visa and deportation, could I complete my studies in Canada?
Travelling to the UK without a UK passport
Portuguese citizenship using grandparents' birth certificates
Waiting time for UK Residence card, Non EU, EAA family member
Which qualification and experience will be counted in assessment when I have a degree and diploma?
Marriage green card at end of current visa with 2 Year residency requirement waiver in-process, question
Dependent of talent passport/visa recipient for France. Process?
Official German translators in India for visa processing
Driver's License
Can one have US, Italian and French citizenship, triple citizenship?
How to stop paying social security in multiple countries (that have a totalization agreement, US and Japan)
Can I travel to Portgual with a Residency Card
EU Rights for Dutch nationals
If I have a job offer while in Schengen-Business stay in Portugal, can I apply for a residence permit?
Can an unfinished Integrated Master’s qualify for an H-1B?
How to take care of my mental health while preparing to leave
Is there any way i can move from private health insurance to public one without lowering my income?
Applying for a US marriage green card from the UK
For how long can I postpone filing an application for adjustment of status (I-130)?
How should I plan my vacation and work to the USA as a French?
Renewing U.S passport living in uk
Веing a tutor in Germany
Do I need to take the IELTS test if I immigrate from a primarily english speaking country?
how can i get a south african Identity document
SSN for a H4 child for tax credit for year 2018
Luxembourg: Work Permit to Student Permit
Continental EU citizen with UK company: Should I apply for any residence permit in the UK now?
Going to Switzerland with EU-Permit for non-eu person
Can I get job & residence permit in another EU country if my status is as per Portugal's law - article 88 para 2
EEA Family status retain
EU Blue card in Portugal without degree?
Apostilles on British Citizenship Paperwork
Overstayed Schengen tourist visa for about a 1 year and 2 months
Netherlands taxes
What are the Red card requirements for Venezuelans?
My British passport is expired and has been expired for more than 15 years
Tier 2 Restricted Certificate of Sponsorship is drafted and "Under Review"
146 driving offences no visa expired passports
How long can I stay in Japan after my work contract (status Professor) ended?
Is employment-based green card sponsorship possible?
filling out I-9 form for employment
Italian national, second (personal) name dilemma
Renew Spousal Visa UK
Acquiring Dutch Passport
I-129 form in Portuguese
Can I use Doctor of Physics degree diploma without marks for WES to immigrate to Canada
Can I apply for an EEA family visa if I have a British aunt and uncle?
Visa cancellation
Practise driving in the UK as a learner
f4 Immigrant visa for fiji citizen for ageout children for 23 year old and 26 years
Can Consulate Personnel as Individuals, & / or Consulate, be sued under Civil Law of "Receiving" Country by National-Visitor of that Consulate?
How can I learn Cantonese in Guangdong?
Pbs Dependant Partner VIsa
If I only want to get my marriage abroad RECOGNIZED,May I use visitor visa?
pursuing greencard had a bad arrest due to DMV and insurance
Remote independent contractor needs short onsite training in US - what is the Visa requirement?
Can I change my employer while current company H1B amendment is in progress?
UK visa application withdrawal and reapplying
Marriage between Colombian and USA citizen
Should I use the German-US tax treaty as a researcher in Boston?
Relocating back to India with my grand piano used for work. Do I pay customs duty?
Do I need to change Work Permit into Blue Card in Germany
Citizenship for two children from ghana
What happens paperwork wise when you are granted asylum in Canada? Is there a certificate?
Australia Skilled Independent Visa (189) coming back after first entry
Germany work visa with drunk driving conviction
70 years old expatriate returning to the UK with expired pink paper GB driving licence
After voluntarily left Uk , will I get visa to go back again?
I-20 name in opposite order
Tips for who will live in Switzerland
number of entries using blue card for my home country
UK Fiance visa: Do I need a Property Inspection Report?
I'm American marrying an Italian who works in Denmark. We plan to live in Denmark. Do I apply for a "Residence Permit" or "Family Reunification"?
Royal Mail international redirect — what happens to mail sent through TNT Mail, Whistl or other competitors?
Can I leave France while I am waiting for my visa extension?
Canadian married to an American (10 years) considering relocating to the USA
UK Ancestry Visa - which application type for dependents (wife)
Dual Irish/US Citizen. Do I need a work visa to move to the UK?
Dropped out from school on schengen long term student visa, can I change visa country?
EU Settlement Scheme for Surinder Singh applicants
How to get a ZAV
I have applied to work permit while staying as a student. What happens if my student visa is cancelled?
Go to uk with marrige certification
If MVV application is approved by IND, can local embassy refuse for some reason?
I have obtained vignette sticker from OFII. How long can I stay in India?
Confusion regarding visa type of Ireland
Transfering UK pension to AU super
Legal way to stay in the US for ~3 years, after entering on B1\B2?
Japan Dependent visa
Waiting for my first titre de séjour, can i visit the USA (home country)
Declaring the change of address under two different statuses
Single Status Letter for the Netherlands
51k Euros annually for a family of 4 in Berlin: Is it enough?
Working in Germany
Moving to Munich
British mother visiting US for about a year
What visa for a UK engineer making technical trips to USA (ESTA, B-1, or E-1)
What is the valid document for expired BRP?
UK Ancestry visa - what is 'UK Sponsor' that dependents have to supply?
Is getting DS-2019 from a "third party agency" normal?
US citizen studying and earning income in Canada. Do I need to file US taxes?
Travlining with a non-EEA family permit from the UK to France
EEA permit application
What are the requirements for owning a firearm as a foreigner in the US without a Green Card?
UK tier 2 visa - Unfair treatment of applications
Can a person stay in NZ on permanent residency without renewing a passport?
Lost my italian refugee travel document
Does permanent residence for AUS/NZ require 'renewals'?
Working part-time in Italy as a student, self-employed?
UK TIer 2 visa refusal reasons
J1 and J2 visa renewal
VFS Global: GWF Reference Number not recognized?
EU Blue Card - Is there any difference/limitation on Blue Card issued from different countries?
Can I change employer while H-1B petition is pending? I am currently in the US on F1?
Overstayed visa as minor, can I get an F1 to go study?
How to apply German Employment Visa (Based on Job Offer) for Non-EU National
Germany taxes at the first year living in Germany
UK Ancestry Visa - Getting my Scottish Grandparents Birth Certificate
How may a Blue Card applicant bring non-EU unmarried partner to Poland
Should I buy health insurance before visa appointment for German National Visa
Address for long stay visa in France
I'm German living in the UK - can my British husband become German without ever having lived there?
Changing schools on short term F1
Will PRC wife be permitted to enter Taiwan if I get a job there?
Difference in name in degree certificate and passport Uk tier 2
Does an international driving license still work in Germany after 6 months of residence?
What documentation is required to import your personal items when moving to the US?
Adjustment of status for a child of a US citizen entered on VWP
Chances of getting an US F1 visa after refusal under 212(a)(3)(a)i on re-application
Entering Germany after 3 months (having a residence permit) of absense and having received a UK's residence permit
UK nationals live and work in Italy 90 days rule
Misrepresentation UK Spouse Visa
L2 visa, work remotely for UK company while waiting for EAD
unpaid fine implications in Netherlands
The US visa tracker says that the application is in "Administrative Processing", but the consulate said it was approved?
Re-enter Italy from India after 7.5 years
How can I get paid from a Canadian company without living in Canada?
Visa Rules & regulations for Internship in Malaysia
is it possible to have the Recepisse extended for internship,10 months after giving the final exams?
Turn into a freelancer and travel the world with a blue card
Marriage on a student visa Possible?
Can I join my boyfriend and move to Sweden if I am non-EU but he is Dutch?
Small error in employer's name for CPT application
Uk Residence permit for a non-EEA and what documents to submit
Can Pakistani born person, who became Spanish citizen, be allowed to have a NICOPfrom Nadra Pakistan?
My dual citizen son (US and Australia) wants to marry a US citizen but live in Australia
How does a drug arrest in the US affect chances of a student visa in Germany?
Transfer of residence - exceeding 12 month limit
Does spouse need to submit the same documents as dv lottery main applicant?
Cancelling a Schengen residence permit the right way
EEA and Non EEA want to get married and settle in UK
UK Tier 4 Student Visa - Need some guidance
Are immigrants from other English-speaking countries required to take the English test?
TN holder applied for H1B, went on a vacation to Mexico for a week, came back and received H1B receipt
Can persons employed on the H1/L1 visa run a small business on the side?
Can I apply for an employment visa for Ireland from London while having a Pakistani passport?
If I marry a British citizen or French citizen then how will I get EU citizenship?
Germany work visa
USA F-4 family visa and immigration
Self-Employed Visa and Living in UK
Refugee family Reunion (UKVI)
EEA Family Permit Supporting Documents
UK Tier 4 student visa for Erasmus Mundus Scholarship receivers - scholarship amount is enough to show sufficient funding
UK Visa : Maintenance requirement of Family member of a Tier 2 Migrant
Where to find every-day healthy food near Heathrow Airport?
What are the necessary procedures (unregistering, etc) to follow when leaving Germany as an expat?
Visa for newborn delivered in India of Tier2 ICT parents
How can I take a medical check in Paris without any visa and insurance program?
How to get ZAV Document from Germany
Bookworm ate passport
Can I study in Germany with a criminal record from the US
Travelling to Netherlands with expired MVV
Tier 2 Visa, baby born in UK, can it travel with a Canadian Passport?
Tier 1 Investor Visa UK on a suspended sentence
Can I work in EU with my student visa?
Can EU citizens work in Iceland?
Swedish salary concern
How can you exercise EU freedom of movement to your own country?
NZ Visa application: emedical
Living in italy with old paper UK licence, need to update
Germany Work visa dates
Remote working in Norway
Steps in Migrating to Australia or New Zealand
(How) Can I Re-Enter The USA? (Former Green Card Holder)
Is a social security number required for a passport for an adult?
How do I register my Italian marriage (outside of country where we were married)?
Student Visa that outlasts passport duration
Student Visa for France for 64 year old
International driving permit and driver's license at Ontario, Canada
Cancelling China residence permit
Regarding French nationality
Bringing non-eu partner while on a Blue Card in Germany
Will it affect my UK tier 2 ICT work permit visa if marital status is separated?
Moving to USA or UK with family, while keeping my job on my home country
Am a spouse of an eea family member living in the uk
Canadian permanent residency application - do I need to stay in the country during application processing?
Addition of evidence for a fiance visa
Need help/info with my case for PR (Australia)
ACS assestment for BCS passed without Project
If Americans wear shoes indoors, what happens when there are babies?
UK Settlement Visa with no return ticket
Why the invitations issued is zero if the occupation is part of MLTSSL
Changing the photo on Japanese residence card (zairyu)
Settling Canadian Tax affairs as expat in Germany (Berlin)
Getting insurance for rented apartment which I am about to vacate
Multiple addresses in each document
If you're in the US on a long-term visa status (H1/L1 visa), do you need a new I-94 for every re-entry?
Can I stay couple of weeks in Canada after resign my job based on closed work permit?
Is it possible to live both in Sweden and the UK?
Do I need ANABIN certificate to apply for work visa to Germany?
Child (5yrs) on Tier 4 visas has CAS. Family income questions
Conversion of work permit into blue card
Considering German Residence Permit Types
Do i need Tuberculosis (TB) test for UK T2 Visa?
Can a person apply for German dependent visa from a different country other than his country of residence?
Free Schooling for children of parents with work permit in Canada
Will the French Consulate ring my work place? (Visa)
I paid visa fees for F4 derivative child and filled DS-260 with documents.I was rejected for aging out per CSPA. What shall I do next?
Expired passport Tier 2 UKVI
Which European states require you to physically report in for unemployment?
Schengen Visa Types Overview indended as a general Guideline for questions
Intra Company Transfer to Germany : Choices to leave the company
Question about schengen visa
Interruption of stay in Germany with EU Blue card
Visa for entering Panama
Mistake on application regarding length of stay
UK student visa
Obtaining a replacement UK driving licence
Missing Social Security Number for newborn child. Can I still receive Child Tax credit?
Citizenship for a minor born abroad to a Canadian and residing outside Canada
Can an EB-3C Unskilled Green Card holder do Software Engineering work?
German bluecard vs work permit in context of education
Travelling to UK, non-EU divorced citizen with Biometric card stating permanent residence as member of EU
Salary Components in Bahrain
Does a British citizen needs to work in the UK for applying spouse visa?
Relocating inside the EU with pets
Chances of German work visa rejection
Can a Thai employer cancel an expatriate's work permit?
Correcting wrong photo in old granted UK tourist visa
France long stay visa: Should wife and I create two separate online applications?
Working in United Kingdom after 1 year of post Graduate Study Possible for Asian country students
Work authorization related question
Processing time for Canadian Study permit 3 weeks delayed, why?
J-1 Visa Waiver after internship at Los Alamos National Laboratory
German family reunion Visa
Ukraine, dual citizenship & passport ownership
Taxes declaration Germany - How To
I freelance remotely for companies around the world. Can I work while traveling on tourist visas?
2004/38/EC: Applying for EU Family Member Residence Card (Verification Against EU Law) in the Netherlands After More Than 90 Days In-Country
Moving to work to UK, can I drive my dad's EU-registered car in there for a while legally?
how can a non french and non resident work as freelance in France?
I am Pakistani. What visa is required to go to Italy and marry my Italian fiancee?
Acquiring French Nationality through a parent
Eu citizen( Romanian) wirh Asian( VN) wife to live in UK
Dependent visa (Tier 2) for child born in U.K. from single parent
How does the premiums for private insurance in Germany rise over time?
What class of Bachelor's (e.g. A3) required for Germany Blue Card?
Checking Citizenship Application Progress
Organising white house tour as never-resided US citizen
Germany Blue Card: Criminal Check + ZAB Certification + Attestation
How long can a F-1 Student drive in the US with an Indian License in Maryland state
UK Spouse Visa - Both partners working overseas
Canada’s Global Talent Stream employment and citizenship
ZAB College degree documents attestation
Move belongings from USA to Canada while temporarily staying in home country India?
My UK tier 2 visa got refused, the visa office states that I didnt send UK naric english language assessment letter, but I uploaded it
Applied for the wrong visa
Volunteering as firefighter in the US at the same time with a contract as a foreigner
Can I take the driving license tests in the UK and then be allowed to drive in Belgium?
Which of the below countries allow retired parents to migrate to the country?
two residence permit cards at the same time for non EU
Is “BA-Vorabprüfung” mandatory if my salary is above the min EUR 41808 annual and I belong to MINT profession while applying for work permit
Exchange full NZ bike licence to UK and get tricycle
Can some one work for Indian Company while having blue card in germany
Question about obtaining Student permit to Sweden
Visiting Spain as non-EU family member (unmarried partner) of EU citizen
Leaving school (on F1 visa) to get a job in the US
Can I work remotely in Australia for 2 months per year?
Acquiring Dutch citizenship
I have a French student visa from India, but now I feel like I want to change my school to Spain. Can I do it directly from France?
Country-hopping to stay longer in EU?
French attestation d'accueil in visitor staying at a hotel
German Bank Account: Deutsche vs CommerzBank
Travel Visa best options
Removed from UK in 2014
UK Spouse Visa(extension) - other incomes
Mexico Permanent Residency for 18yo daughter?
What's the best way for me to get unrestricted access to Brazil?
Getting British citizenship or passport?
Can I apply for a work visa whilst in the USA - entered on a ESTA
Employers right in Germany
Extending Working holiday visa to Work visa
Working holiday visa restrictions
How to reapply for Canadian working visa (IEC) after rejection due to not submitting a document?
CLB score of my IELTS score
NOC for 1 year student visa. Is it reasonable?
Acquiring Dutch Nationality
Net salary calculation in the UK
i need an ancestral EU visa to work in UK
Evidence for continuous residence to apply for UK citizenship as a EU student?
If a Jamaican is deported despite living in the UK their whole life can they live in Ireland or other countries close? like France?
Schengen visa extension more than 90 days
H4 visa expiry before reach USA
Work permit in Austria for a third country national with permanent residence in another EU country
German Employment/Work Visa application submission in Germany and other countries
Updating address in Blue Card - Germany
How much money needs to be blocked for german study visa?
Dutch citizen living in Germany. Do I have a verblijfsvergunning / residence permit?
Will US Embassy verify identity with and without middle name?
Can I immigrate to the USA while working remotely for an Australia-based company?
How much money needs to be blocked for german study visa?
Do USA citizen working as a contractor in Canada need to register anything in either USA or Canada?
Credit card when new in Germany
Infant of American father/German mother: Is it possible to travel by air to USA on German passport with visa waiver?
Address on Ancestry Visa application
Changing from H-4 to F-1 visa. Will my EAD filing remain valid?
How can I drive a US purchased and financed car in Canada for 2 years?
Working remotely for a foreign company while a student in Japan: dealing with Japanese taxes
Australia Graduate Visa Post-Study Work stream study documents with credit exemption
How fast can my spouse get her green card based on my green card?
what are the Documents Required for F1 Student Visa Application
Netherlands: EU Proof of Entitlement to Residency Status and Verification Against EU Law (2004/38/EC)
I am Self Funded applying for Tier 4 Student Visa, how to avoid rejection?
Savings in Germany (Munich) or in Norway(Oslo)
Giving a RIB in France
Brexit: what happens to an EU citizen signing for a UK job now?
UK visa for plab
I am taking a job with my employer in the UK that has several businesses in the USA. My wife, 15 YO and 19 YO daughters are coming with me
Spouse Visa UK, does the spouse need to intend to reside in the UK for a spousal visa application?
Moving to another EU State with a Blue Card
Motorcycle registered but not inspected in Massachusetts
UK Visa: Proposed Civil Union
How to prepare for German visa/work permit embassy interview
Singapore Employment pass. Minimum stay
Can I apply for a Tier 2 work visa after my Tier 5 Youth Mobility expires?
Tax calculation in Norway for married couple
Reimburse of Social Taxes like Insurance , Pensions in Germany
Freelancing in Europe
Inter-Country Civil Partnership Recognized?
Is there any way to stay long term in Laos with an EU passport apart from going back and forth to Thailand all the time?
Pre-requisites for Canadian PNP
Denied entry to UK in 2009, can I apply for a student visa in 2019?
German Work Visa with 2 years bachelor's degree
Work permit length on IEC Canada using a renewed passport
Chances of getting a 3 month or 6 months schengen visa?
Opening a Business in the UK
How long does it take to get a green card post EB5 visa?
UK driving licence
How many days before work permit expiry, we should travel to Canada in order to apply for extension without any problem?
UK ancestry visa time for staying
Income personal tax reduction in Poland in SEZ
Country I've only been in for a while won't give me a police clearance certificate - what can I do about it?
Minimum equivalent Diploma class for Blue Card application
European Family Permit Documents
H4 visa validity
Can international students get paid from other countries while in US on F-1 visa?
How do me and my dad cope with my mom doing a disappearing act and stating she isn't coming back?
Part-time job opportunities available in Canada
can I apply for a Dutch Passport based on my family being Dutch
Still need to file PERM as my H-1B is expiring by November
On a UK Tier 2 Visa, can I have a 2nd job outside the country?
Exchanging EU License for UK - what happens to start date and no claims?
Can a British citizen travel with a Nigerian passport?
EEA Family Permit Application unmarried partner
UK Settlement VISA - Questions
How long does it take for CBP to respond to I-94 amendment requests?
Different name on passport and in employment letter for 189 visa
work from Prague while being employed in German company and German blue card
Going to Sudan for work: will it cause problems getting a student visa?
Buying a property in France when living in the UK
I'm in USA with a F1 visa. Can I drive in the UK with my MA Driver's License?
CR1 Visa Issuance Date and US Entry Date . Which date to prevail?
ID alternatives for a international student in the USA
Maintaining California Drivers License while living abroad
Can a child born in US to Indian Father and Pakistani Mother obtain an Indian Citizenship or OCI card?
Can I travel to other Schengen countries while the residence permit is processing?
USA (Texas) Driving License for new immmigrant. Can i exchange my UAE Driving License with US one?
am Lebanese citizen and my grandfather served in the French army in second world war time with proofed documents , can i have French citizenship?
Retiring in UK, is my tax free Australian superannuation income taxed in UK?
Resident in the Netherlands, remotely working for US company. Do I need any visa?
Green Card - ADIT Styled Photos
Is it possible to take the driving license test in English in Belgium?
Should the contract attached for ZAB diploma evaluation be signed by both parties?
Newborn Permission to Stay in UK
Am I just considered a tourist, and am I able to leave and return to the UK while on that free tourism visa?
Temporary Teleworking (1 month) Abroad While Employed by US employer
How can I move to the UK with my child
German work council agreement
Is $1600 enough to live in Romania for a non-Romanian?
Consultant - visa
After assessment, what's the next for EOI in Australia?
Do non-EU passport holders in Ireland get very short validity schengen visas?
Studying abroad as an F1 student
Is it likely I would be denied reentry as a transfer pending F1 student?
Taxes for New Immigrant
Can a US permanent resident study abroad without abandoning that status?
Can I officially live and work in the UK, having a resident permit from a Schengen country and a UK standard visitor visa?
Germany work permit visa denial
Bank Statement To Get Schengen visa
New Zealand SMC Job Search Visa to Residence Visa
Getting the Canadian citizenship for my 3 years old child
No documents available for onsite role for ACS skill assessment and EOI
My Language Certificate was not included in my UK visa application. Can it be rejected for this?
Spanish Court ruling on working remotely
work in US by Canadian corporation
Visa Free to Visa D Transition
Working for an EU employer part-time, remotely in the Netherlands
Poc card for child of Pakistani mother and indian father
Netherlands passport application
Getting (motorcycle) driver's license as a foreigner in Japan?
Finding co-renters in Switzerland
I have two internship offers in Vienna can I apply for more than 180 days in total?
My German National Work Visa Got Rejected due to Submitted Provisional Master Degree Certificate
Changing Airlines in Spain - UK Citizen without Passport
Shipping personal effects from US to India
Main Applicant’s children are aged out or not?
My father was Estonian by birth, do I qualify for citizenship by descent?
How to update EU Blue Card to Permament Residency In Germany
Drug testing in Germany - Blue card
Available waiver for abandoning Adjustment Of Status
Change employer while in UK Tier 2 Visa
Cheapest way for having a car in Singapore for 6 months/1 year
AUSTRIA- When can I apply for a Visa-C after I apply for a Visa-D?
Express entry profile doesn't ask for spouse information
How to answer the question "Have you been refused entry into the Federal Republic of Germany?"
Ancestral visa to Netherlands
Can I apply for a future student visa while I have a current valid one?
Information required on the Croatian Visa for Research Scholar/PhD
Does me having a pending criminal charge (small parking damage - classified as hit and run) affect my wife's family reunion visa?
Wrong Name in Social Secrity Card
same sex marraige egyptian and german immigration
How hard is it to find housing in China (both large and small cities) and for how much?
Time gap between short term visa and long term visa Austria
US Immigration - Visa Retrogression
Germany: What to do if my visa appointment cancelled?
German job seeker with 4years of experience
Germany Work Permit and German Master Degree Question
Netherlands Orientation Year as skilled professional can it be split?
Young man in Europe, never paid US taxes. Does this making renouncing citizenship easier?
Do I need a sponsorship for a Canadian work permit as an EU citizen?
Getting a phone number in Sweden without having a personnummer
Incorrect IELTS exam certificate
Can I apply for a UK visa just to visit the Estonian Embassy in London?
Can I change date of birth and name on US visa after entering US
Schengen visa overstay
Temporary residence in Poland
Diploma equivalence and blue card
Can I open a bank account in South Korea without alien card?
Non-EU Spouse (USA) of an Irish Citizen, work rights in the UK?
Is it possible to get Adderall or Ritalin in China?
Transfer from F1 to H1B without OPT, H1B got approved
Is the arrival date I entered on my Japan visa application form flexible?
Immigrant Visa for aged out children under F4
I am a Italian and Australian citizein living and working in the UK. How will I be affected by brexit
Medicare Plan B penalty for late enrolment
where to apply for long-term student visa to Germany when you are a long term student visa holder in Ireland
I'm not French and I can't drive. Can I learn how to drive in France?
UK - Tier 2 Unique case. 4 Days travel into UK - Can i face ban or any other consequences?
How to fill Empoyer information for freelancer US Visa
Paying bill in Switzerland
can you travel out of the EU while waiting for Spanish residency past 90 days?
Do I need to transfer my blue card sticker to a new passport when mine expires?
Confusion over "Beschäftigung" and "selbständige Tätigkeit" for Blue Card holders
I'm an American journalist in the UK on a tier 2 sponsored visa. If I leave my work, can I go to the Schengen area as a visitor?
Remote work employed in non-resident country
Am I eligible for a Bluecard if both university and degree are H+, but not directly related?
What are steps for getting ZAV certificat?
Canada Express Entry Profile: Bank balance in your account
Blue card employer change
EU pre-settled status validity question
Visa Change in Germany
Blue card + starting my own business
US Expat, married foreign girlfriend while on vacation in the US, returned to her home country together. Visa process
Can my mother get Czech citizenship through this new law that was recently passed in the Czech parliament?
working as a physiotherapist in france for non EU residents
When Is the right time to seek Nationality
Funding question for minor in Schengen visa application for Greece
Driving/Importing a Gibraltar-registered car in the UK
Exceeding number of entries on Schengen National visa (type D)
UK work permit for US citizen?
Ex-EEA family member biometric card holder after Brexit
Does student permit refusal from one country affect a student permit for another country?
German Blue Card De-registration and move to Netherlands
Changing title in the same company under Blue Card
Australia PR - Role of HR
Which city has better salary-to-living expenses ratio? San Francisco or Seattle?
Helping hand to a friend of mine in Japan
When do I need an A1 certificate?
Specific case scenario, when to apply for citizenship?
Change of Company and country - EU blue Card
Am 23 applying for a EEA family permit in Spain
Is it allowed to work ONLINE on F-1 visa?
Can I stay in Europe if I'm waiting for work visa for Germany after a work visa for sweden, but the swedish work visa expires
Can the dependent of a G4 visa holder work as an unpaid intern without an EAD?
Netherlands: How can I get my kid enrolled in a reasonable international school in Amsterdam
Traveling with a company to get work in Australia
Flagpoling for study permit - Ontario, Canada
Will I need all my passports to apply for Golden Visa for EU countries?
Keeping my car from Canada in the US with J Visa - confused regarding "resident" and "non-immigrant"
Made a mistake while filling the employment details in IMM 5710E for my PGWP
EU Passport holder property/residence Portugal
Request for advice - Validation of settlement permit during absence from Germany
Travel insurance (and flight tickets) for Long Term Schengen Visa
Fingerprints not Taken for Spanish Long Term Visa
The necessary English skills to get a work-permit UK visa, for a postdoc position
Is there any company who helps to come into UK to work from outside EU/EEA with Tier 2 Working visa sponsorship?
Singapore CPF account
Do I qualify for a Dutch passport and citizenship
