What muscle groups are used in olympic lifting?
Can adding a weight vest improve fat loss?
Is this an effective military PRT training plan?
Are there good cardio workouts which do NOT stress the knees?
Is it beneficial to do moderate Walking after dinner?
How to prepare for the first road bike challenge of the year?
How to compensate for elevation gains in a road bike challenge?
How to loosen up the hamstring?
Working Out in the Morning vs. Evening
How can I increase the weight I take when weight training?
To add mass to my legs, should i lift heavy with few reps or lighter with 12-15 reps?
Pullups or Body Weight Rows to compliment my routine?
Cable Squats vs Smith Machine Squats
Looking to gain weight by putting on muscle
30% Body fat, what habits should I adopt?
Going from training 3 days/week to 4 days/week
Do seniors(age 60+) need to be treated differently in training?
Is there fat that won't be reduced?
Finding the correct Marathon Pace
Running or climbing stairs that are enclosed, any risks?
Will squats/running/etc cause knee injury when we age?
Crossfit Times MWF or TWTh
What is the best way to integrate brief sessions in my workplace gym into my strength and body building practices?
Low room temperature and weight loss
Legs workout and fat loss
What is the optimum training intensity to prevent atrophy when on a caloric deficit?
Bulking up in a 2 month time span
Intermittent fasting
What can I do to prevent my (outer) shins from tightening while running?
Benefits to sumo, intentional fat-building
Learning to lift my leg higher
Is 5 to 6 times workout per Week too much for the muscles to recover?
Bodyweight strength training
Stronglifts 5v5 : Where do I go from here?
"Safe" Ab Exercise
Training for 1.5 mile run
Caloric benefit to working out in hotter temperatures?
Cardio: Longer Workout with Lower Heartrate or Shorter Workout with Higher Heartrate?
recovery week between 2 demanding programs
How much should I speed train (% of total mileage)
Exercises that make the 'Core' strong
Optimal strategy for "4min pushup test"
Should I use any supplements to get quicker result?
Teen Calories/ Workout
I am skinny, would joining a gym make me skinnier?
Can I do cardio exercises after an appendicitis operation?
I am 15, what is a recommended non bull-crap workout routine?
Need exercise recommendations for abs, triceps and biceps to incorporate into Stronglifts 5x5
Interval training versus linear training
According to whom breakfast is healthy?
What are good exercises to balance Muaythai?
Outdoor gyms equipment/machines
Leg Exercises with Dumbbells?
Why is the single leg deadlift stiff-legged?
Lose weight or Gain Muscle?
How to train muscle which goes from buttocks to the waist?
Bodyweight exercises to increase legs strength
Losing weight rapidly
Tracking my diet without insane detail
Simple tests to detect muscle imbalances between quads and hamstrings
Should I reboot Starting Strength program, to get better results?
Should I lock out my shoulders at the bottom of a pull up?
Muscle imbalances related to indoor rock climbing/bouldering and ways to fix them
What amount of excess calories, and in what proportion of macro-nutrients, is most effective to bulk up while doing Starting Strength?
Will training upper and lower body on separate days have an effect on the other?
does being able to lift more weight mean more strength?
What are some of the most effective exercises to build grip/forearm strength?
Does boxing interfere with gaining muscle?
How (much) can a metabolism slow down?
How to integrate box squat to my weekly leg workout
How does a chest heart rate monitor work?
Can I use my running shoes' seventh eyelets to fix heel slipping?
Will Musclecore x and Androsolve help bootstrap my fitness routine to lose weight?
Half pull up for the Lats
What should I be looking for in bio monitors?
What footwear would be suitable for climbing
Abstain from exercise the day after a "drinking night"?
balancing on other people
Eating before workout
What should I look for in electronic measurement of body composition?
How do I prevent the scraping that occurs when I rotate my leg about my hip?
Excercises to try correct knees pointing inward
Adding Strength Training to Yoga
Is it necessary to warm up before doing a modest number of push ups?
How to reduce my BIG BELLY into SMALL within 3 to 4 weeks
Snapping/cracking in joints when moving
exercise schedule without gym equipments
Strength Training and a Bad Back
I want to gain weight. 15 KGs in 5 months
Is long distance running harmful for women?
Is it possible to measure calorie burn from heart rate alone?
Should I use observed max heart rate from workouts for zone training?
Is there any way I can convince companies I'm in great shape, despite my BMI results?
circuit weight training and total weight used
Year in which it was established and subjects of study of height/weight index
How does the fitness flex define "active time"
How to prepare yourself before starting to run regularly?
when to use vibrating platforms
Running vs Insanity vs P90X
Should i go to gym i'm 15
What is the reason my pain and exhaustion are not improving?
making a 70 kg fit body with proper muscle toning
How to keep rhythm when running for long-distances?
One best exercise to keep body fit!
Resistance band deadlifts
It is Possible To Be A Long Distance Runner and have a Six Pack? How?
How much muscle gain can be expected within 1 month of training on average (m/w)
Training load on a diet (am I doing too much?)
Sprint training for long distance
Differences in recovery time (after weight lifting) versus age
Progressive overload vs. greasing the groove
ideal rest in between sets for increasing bodyweight exercises
What are the pros and cons of training running just one day per week (18k-22k)?
Are there disadvantages to long rests between sets when strength training?
how long does it take for food to convert to fat?
How many sets should I make for muscle growth?
How to learn to do my first push ups without losing hope?
Which collection of specific exercises can be used to completely substitute Deadlift?
Does the body process food and supplements the same way?
Should I increase dumbbell weight or should I use throughout
I really want to pick up weight I'm too skinny
Do swimming caps keep you warm in cold water?
Insanity Workout: Whey or Nay?
Can I train for running with a minor finger injury?
Body fat still the same even though losing weight
Flexibility questions
My ribs are aching after a pushup. What's wrong?
What could be a training for a just Saturdays and Sundays?
How can power tracking tools such as MyoTest or Tendo Unit help my weight training?
How can I get in shape in one month?
Is it benificial to take off rest days between bodyweight workouts?
What is a good routine for running in the evening?
I am disabled, can I go to gym?
Sore legs on jogging daily
With time and equipment restrictions, how can I best maintain my tolerance to weightlifting while I'm away from the gym?
Is shakeology worth the price
Types of endurance and ways of training them
How to protect index toe in long run training?
push up routine for lean and toned chest
proper fitness routine
Resume training for a marathon after forced break, one month left, recommend a plan
Quick start body building advice
how to gain weight without joining gym
What am I doing wrong with my diet and exercise routine?
Integrating Front lever into training plan - which muscles are used?
Why am I falling back when I am squatting?
how can I prevent gagging from mucus on back of throat when swimming?
What are the factors affecting in burning Calories?
injured rib and pain killers
How to convert hanging hand grip strength to pounds per square inch?
Not making anymore improvements from strength training ... reasons why?
Oats a negative aspect for skinny people?
Build leg strength while training for 10 mile run
Dull pain/soreness in upper back muscles behind right shoulder bone after pushups
Yoga and Strength training
Scientific base for the construction of the army and special forces physical training plans
What is Insulin Amplification?
Did tabata training, now my body looks a bit disproportionate
getting bigger arms by doing just bicep / tricep exercises
What to do if you have backpain due to many hours of sitting although going to the gym between those hours?
Fitness and weight loss for dancing
Training to walk up to my 5th floor office without panting
When running out of breath, keep breathing rhythm or take in air?
girls vs guys for core strength
Hip stretches - recover from piriformis syndrome and hard gluteal muscles
Does anyone know what causes muscles to shake uncontrollably while under stress?
Calves hurt in the front (the tibialis anterior muscle) from walking fast?
Running and swimming in the morning combination
Why Rippetoe's Texas or Mehdi's StrongLifts instead of Reg Park original workouts?
How to switch from sprints to swimming longer distances
How important is it to gain weight for weightlifting (build muscles)?
First time indoor cycling (Spinning) with no fitness history?
How different or "sub-optimal" is Deadlift if performed with reverse grip (both hands)?
How to incorporate abs into a weekly schedule?
I need help on losing fats on my hideous tummy. Help
Hip & ankle flexibility - how to progress?
Is series training more exhausting than long run training?
Gel recommendations for Ironman Triathlon
Rhomboid muscles
increasing muscle size / mass and protein intake
Can't seem to do a proper bench press ... any reasons as to why?
Running speed versus running power - is there a difference?
How to calculate body fat using calipers?
Stretching routines for runners
What is the efficacy of shock wave therapy in treating plantar fasciitis?
Should glute-bridges make my calves ache?
Feeling thirsty while swimming
Natural Running - less injuries or not
Why am I anxious when I don't work out?
Train for swimming long distances
Capsicum: Simply burn more calories? Does it even work?
What is the minimum amount of calories?
Pre-workout - static vs dynamic stretches
Knee pain when squatting
Is it really important to restrict the workout to 45 minutes?
Is this a good weight lifting routine for a 13 year old?
How long do I have to train to be a Ultra Trail Runner?
What to eat during running?
Muscular body building by gym
gym exercises to maximise basal metabolic rate?
Walking vs Biking a mile
What is a good metric for defining an ideal weight?
One arm chin/pull-up and the lat pulldown machine
How to avoid cramps during beach volleyball tournament (extreme hot weather)
Beginner in physical fitness, need tips and advices
Is it necessary to do warmup sets at moderate weight?
Is it true that going up multiple steps is harmful?
Best primitive several-minute daily routine for time-restricted people?
Push-up complement
Weights and plantar fasciitis
How do I keep my running form up with a broken toe?
Dealing with jet lag when travelling internationally for a marathon?
What is the minimum long run training distance to finish a half-marathon?
Measurable body indicators for correct amount of nutrition?
Minimising ankle rub in running shoes
Magnetic v.s. belt resistance elliptical trainer
How do I stop drinking soda?
Indoor jump rope as a temporary suplement for long distance running?
Do I need to compensate for calories spent exercising on a day to day basis?
How often can one do a calisthenics workout?
Will a vegan diet help for weight loss and physique?
Are there such thing as best exercises for weightlifting?
Wristpain after doing pullups
Is 1 year a reasonable amount of time training for a challenging obstacle race?
What are the optimal sets/reps for gaining speed?
Panic when squatting
Is it OK to substitute Front Squats for Back Squats in StrongLifts 5x5?
Bodyweight Bicep Excercises
How to improve swimming performance in the gym?
How to compensate swimming overload in the gym?
Stubborn Chest Fat/One side of chest length longer
Weight loss routine
Should I squat ass to grass before adding load?
Intensity or duration in aerobics?
What reps/sets should I use in bodyweight excersices, if I need to train for total count of repetitions?
What is safer for your spinal disks: short, high-load sets or longer sets with less weight?
Should I be building strength if I have very tense back/shoulder muscles?
Can swimming significantly help to improve vertical jump?
Safe training regime to work towards center and front splits
What are you views on progress between rep range vs. fixed reps?
C4 and Creatine together
Objective test for running shoe cushioning deterioration
How can I gain muscle in two months without using weights?
What is a bodyweight-only strength workout with a few compound exercises?
If I can't get plenty of sleep, should I be doing anything different when trying to put on mass?
Does bodybuilding make you shorter?
Declining performance after almost 4 months of continous exercise. Why is this?
Will drinking alchohol and smoking cigarettes inhibits muscle growth?
How to choose a running shoe when you weigh 80-85kg?
Twitching after Intense Workouts
How to exercise muscles that are prone to strains?
lower back exercises
Balancing barbell with turkish getup or alternative?
Skinny male getting belly fat, how to gain weight and mass from this condition
how to get rid off fat on the side your chest
Developing a training routine outside the gym
Recovery week is it beneficial for fat loss as well?
Any exercises to strengthen and lift foot arches?
Stronglift's Squat method bad for knees?
Organize meals for morning workout (gaining weight)
weak left arm - forced to drop sets inbetween
Runtastic heart rate zones way too high?
How should I transition into minimalist running shoes?
Does anything treat and/or prevent inflammation
Dumbbell Scaption vs iron cross on rings
getting a good sense of when your back is flat
Barefoot Running Effective for Improving Squat?
I exercise daily but my weight is not decreasing
How do you do knuckle pushups without injuring yourself?
Implications of the fact that resistance bands doesn't provide constant force for pull throughs and in general
Fitness training with varicose veins
How do I fix an uneven butt?
What is a safe distance for a barefoot running on asphalt?
Why does CrossFit use Kipping Pull-ups?
Would this workout work for making my butt round and toned?
Correct form and technique in single leg db deadlifts in detail
A strength workout with only adjustable dumbbells
I'm in need of guidance for apettite control
how could I lose weight and at the same time and try not to have skin excess or loose skin?
Training for an ultramarathon without hills
Free access to a gym, fitness center, location with free weights, etc.?
Is it literally possible to strengthen the fingers directly through finger exercises, or are they in conjunction with the hands mainly?
How is WAVA age grading calculated?
Building lower body strength using a stationary bike?
eating less calories but still not losing weight, resistance training
Big chest and lats with simple bodyweight routine?
Getting PAIN when you do something you havent done in a while
Effective three day split for size and aesthetics?
Boxing for Overall Fitness
How are related the weights a healthy athlete can lift in different exercises?
squats and alignment of knees
How can I improve my grip on a slippery chin-up bar?
I think I've hit a Plateau
Weightlifting with only one set of weights
How long should i excercise?
Best excercises without machines?
Workout routine
30 Day Ab Challenge
How do I construct a cutting plan?
How do I keep my body well hydrated?
What is the reasoning behind Creatine not being recommended for under 18s?
How to lose fat fast and healthily?
What is the difference between a turtle freezes and a peacock pose?
What is the difference between a crane pose and a frog tuck?
Why working the Rotator Cuff in the high reps & low weight range? Isn't that wrong?
How can I learn running barefoot on asphalt without having blisters?
Is Upright Row a good alternative to Overhead Press for people with rounded shoulders?
How sports specific is cardio?
Is Rippetoe's advice about the press terrible and wrong?
Why Aren't I More Tone?
Increasing Weight : Plateau stage
Does this sport's plan provide too much protein?
Lifting limits guide for different exercises?
Will I improve by climbing 10 flights of stairs every day?
Food diet off balance
Training for muscle ups
Whey Protein or Recovery Formula?
Does the temperature of the water, while taking a shower after cardio, matters?
Is flexibility training limited by lack of exercise in youth?
What can I do to limit shin splints?
What results will I see, based on the following routine and diet?
Is there any way to keep your knee problem free in the long run for a distance runner?
BCAA together with whey protein
Alternative exercises for sprints due to knee pain
Do Too Many Electrolytes Make You Fat
Converting times from treadmill to outdoor running?
How can I get stronger while involved in other physical activities?
Ways to reduce rest time between lifting sets?
Why is "Starting Strength" the most highly regarded workout regime on the Internet?
Will eating only protein cause me to lose weight faster without muscle spoiling?
What is the resistance band's elastic length
Are there any positive effects of green tea (or extracts) as part of a pre- or post-workout regime?
Are there different muscular adaptations between barbell and dumbbell use?
Why does the front rack position hurt my wrists, and what can I do about it?
What novice program should I recommend to my unfit friends?
What book(s) cover supplemental strength and conditioning for an amateur sportsman?
Why do I have a deadlift deficiency?
How can I lose weight as a young teenager?
Training on small/medium hills for a trail race with large hills
Measuring body fat with uneven upper/lower body proportions
I have flabby arms and legs, but I'm light. What's going on and what should I do?
How can you get your belly to be less sensitive to cold water swimming etc?
Developing both muscle fibres for endurance and explosiveness
Bodyweight inverted row - where do the elbows go?
Bodyweight exercises to stimulate fast-twitch muscle growth
Is it better to take a nap or work out?
Are there Common Dumbbell and Barbell Diameters?
Why do front squats hurt my knees?
How to get the best cycling results / improvements in 30 days?
How do you effectively train for running while in the water?
Advantages of using the sidestroke
Are free stand squat holders safe for home use?
How to strengthen *very gently* your grip in order to safely perform chin-ups? Are wrist wraps good?
Fitness with a busted ankle
Dumbbell Shoulder Press: Natural vs the usual grip
How can I get more "toned"?
Training scheme - full body or by muscle groups
Wife has normal to above normal metabolism - still gaining weight
What are the disadvantages of using steroids or enhancing drugs while training?
How to properly stretch muscles in neck
How can I achieve healthy tendons and balanced muscles, with no particular hurry to bulk up?
How to workout around a tight Levator Scapulae
Engaging Core In Marching Band?
What is a good workout logger that help me keep track of my training progress?
Are Dumbbell Bent-Over Rows alone enough pull to counteract Push-Ups?
Easy gain for untrained muscles?
How to achieve a "marathon runner's" physique by just working out?
What is a good upper body strength routine for a cyclist
why do my hands shake after a workout?
When should I reduce my training intensity before a competition?
How effective are Kneeling Cable Crunches?
Getting ready for outdoor work as a knowledge worker
How to train for leg explosive power?
On the influence of the total number of sets, particularly with regard to tendon progress
Should I avoid bread, noodles and other starches the day before fitness activities?
When does musclar atrophy take place?
Does the fructose in my supplement hinder my cycling routine?
Flexibility Training for Taekwondo?
Do i really have to eat this much for building muscles?
Exercises for toned abs that aren't detrimental to back health?
Methods for self-assessing running technique
Building abs and shaping up muscles
What kind of shoes do you need in order to run on the sand?
how to train for sit and reach?
How to properly strap an ankle for soccer
How many days muscles need to rest?
is cheese sauce a good compromise to eat veggies
How to Create an Optimized Diet for Muscle Gain
Pain in lower back when running
Knee stiffness and soreness
How can I tell if I'm planking correctly?
Exercises for loosening up back muscles
Ammonia smell when running?
Anything I can do to keep the muscles look tight after finish training?
Which type of Yoga focuses more on flexibility?
How can I gain weight?
Hip popping on Ab Ripper X workout
Specific weigthlifting protocol to strengthen tendons, regardless of hypertrophy or any other goal
Why many get stronger by working out with less intensity but every day, with no rest days?
Is there a name for the exercises that don't use dumbbells?
Dumbbells: Why do a few heavy plates feel much heavier than many lighter ones?
Is it possible to effectively build muscle mass using resistance bands?
When running with toe-first technique, should heels touch the ground?
Right weight for lifting?
Bad to run in the smoke?
RunKeeper fails to pick up my heart rate
What shoe for aspiring fore foot strike runner?
What kind of training strategies are there and what is there purpose?
Shoes for a very heavy man?
Obese bedridden teen
What runner's heart rate monitoring gadgets let a user to download his heart rate history to a PC?
Bodyweight exercise for the 'v'-muscle in the lower abdomen
What equipment can I buy that will build muscle mass and fit in a suitcase
Workout to prolong erection?
Running shoes: are EVA soles that bad?
What activity level should I choose in calorie calculators?
Do abdominal vacuum exercises reduce the belly?
Does cycling tighten hamstrings?
Risk/benefits of daily abdominal vacuums to workout transversus abdominis?
Is sitting cross legged good for anterior pelvic tilt?
Dumbbells and barbells: Where is the center of gravity?
Cause and prevention of post-race headache
How do I know if I am using my resistance cord in the right way?
Is a high heart rate a sign to be concerned of?
Is it normal to crave for lemons after running
Abdominal excercises (with weight) - Easy on the back and fun to do
How to Alternate Starting Strength and Running/Jogging
How and what to drink for 30 min to 1 hour runs, avoiding the marketing hype
Barefoot running vs any footwear
How can a vegetarian ectomorph put on lean muscle mass?
When dieting, what's the shortest run that requires an increase in caloric intake?
What are water fats and complex fats and how to get rid of them?
how many high intensity interval training (HIIT) schedules can/should I do per week?
Carbs to increase weight without increasing fat?
Influence of hand position on squatting
How can I fit 7 weeks of C25K training into two weeks?
Bench plateau, while other lifts continue to grow
Free weights or body weight exercises?
Running in the same speed or shifting gear?
Carb cycling while maintaining strength on the bar
What is the correct dose and frequency of aerobic exercise for unconditioned middle age people?
Water intake while doing body building workouts?
Different ways to calculate heartrate zones
Is it better to take protein supplements before or after a workout?
Is Extreme Muscle Pro safe?
Muscle soreness
Body building and gaining weight
(Re)Learning how to swim
As a novice/intermediate, how to change to a bodybuilding routine while incorporating these two main goals
Fast-twitch hand muscle exercises?
Is Hypercapnia (high CO2 in the blood) Normal In Distance Runners?
Training plan for a sailor at sea
Seeking criticism and advice about my proposed gym schedule
Maintenance of the Flexor Hallucis Longus muscle for Long-distance Running?
Safe blood pressure for exercise
Heart rate monitoring & tracking with the Samsung Galaxy Gear (or similar) Smartwatch. Possible?
Is there any point to these kinds of exercises to employ bone remodelling and Wolff's Law?
Is there such a thing as a minimum amount of exercise per week?
What exersise routine would I be able to do which would prepare me for pre-employment physical assessment outline below?
Is my modified Stronglifts 5X5 a balanced one?
Weight training advice for ectomorph female?
Differences between round plates and octagonal plates?
What are symptoms of climber's finger
Sore Muscles from Gymnastics
How often does running or weight lifting cause capillary bursts?
Residual fat: can all fat be dealt with?
Elliptical trainers unkind on my upper body muscles?
Help with 3/Week PushPull routine
After workout: meal or protein shake or both?
What is the mileage needed to run half-marathon in minimalist shoes without injury?
Elbow Tendonitis
Any Good workout plan for beginner?
Can some people just not exercise very much? Do some people become overtrained at typical levels of exercise?
Can running on the beach lead to injury due to the slanted surface?
Is it possible to gain health benefits by following a calisthenics routine for a very sedentary person?
Uneven chest by doing bench press/butterfly
I am out of shape, what exercises should I use for a brief calisthenic workout in the morning?
Weight Lifting adversely affecting stomach muscles?
How to do Trunk Extensions without a Medicine Ball
My back is weak, how to train carefully with a chin up bar?
What are reasonable numbers of lean muscle mass growth?
How does the weightlifting belt work?
Overcoming a chin-up plateau of 6 in a row
Burned only 225 cals in 25 minutes doing cardio. Is it less or adequate for a 5 feet 114 pound girl?
Impact of cardio-exercise duration on burned calories
Do any particular exercise regimes consume excess cholesterol?
What to do if my right arm can do more reps than my left one?
Are so-called "burst workouts" effective for weight loss?
Guidance for the people who sit a lot
Are maximalist shoes like Hoka good for running?
How to run down a steep hill
Am I doing p90x right?
What kind of training is the best, if you hava a competition the next day?
Time window for fitness tracking - four weeks or longer?
Upper-body cardio
Why is it hard to cycle when its cold outside?
At what speed should I run?
What material of underwear should I use for running?
Is there a website for tracking people that use different apps?
Calories needed to gain weight?
Which side to begin with, doing alternating exercises?
I'll be in Africa for one year: What is the most effective combination of programs to add mass?
Feet turned out while running
What happens if I substitute different exercises for my warm-up sets?
What does academic research say about the relationship between squats and hGH/Testoterone?
What are the merits of cycling vs running for a beginner?
Alternative to dips when no suitable "equipment" available to do dips?
Is it better to relax or strech a "strained" muscle?
Medium-Chain Triglycerides for weight loss?
Should I drink muscle gainer on days when I'm not working out?
What does scholarly research suggest about the difference between heavy compound exercises vs. split routines for maximizing muscle mass
What are ways to exercise abdominal muscles without harming your back?
Are pullups still a good way to build muscle before you're able to do many of them?
How to combine running and squating within the week so that stress on the knees is reduced?
How to distinguish acetone and ammonia odor after running?
Can anyone do the 180 degree split, if they really want to?
How come some people get muscle soreness so much easier than others?
How come I don't built a great deal of strength quickly, yet I see countless other lifters who do?
Muscles Hurt While On Stronglifts 5x5
How to measure strength increases for supersets?
What determines recovery speed, progressiveness, and patternized approaches to falling within the compounds of a structured recovery program?
What can I eat while walking?
Body movement during the seated cable row
Why is it so important to squat to parallel?
What is the ideal number of days of rest to take every week for a beginner/intermediate bodybuilder/powerlifter?
What improvements can I make to my workout?
What is the difference between powerlifting and bodybuilding and how do you determine which one is right for you?
What sort of stretching routines, if any, should be included in the Starting Strength program?
Recently started a bulking phase, why is my stomach always upset?
New at mountain biking
weight loss supplements containing whey protein like slim 24 pro really works?
Pain In Lower Left Lat From Squats
Swimming practice for adult beginner
What are good home-exercises for a 7-year-old swimmer to increase stamina, endurance and GPP?
How to balance work, exercise, and life
How should I train to increase my push-up maximum from 20 to two sets of 100?
How should thin people balance the exercise and diet such that they don't lose weight?
Why do high intensity exercises hamper getting bigger and stronger?
Revised workout
Calluses under big toe
To what extent is strength/fitness genetically passed on?
Different approaches of increasing weight in exercises
Does the order of exercises make a difference?
restless neck while doing exercise
New Workout Plan Causes Soreness
I still kinda have a cramp from when I ran
I am unable to do a push-up, how can I improve?
What the is correct form for a Hindu Pushup
What are some correct ways to get up to a standing position from lying down?
Is running safe for me
A guy having big belly should do cardio or weight training? if both, than in what order?
What is this chest pain I get every time I run?
Why does doing pushups feel more exhaustive than pulling racks?
Why not just increase the number of sets?
relationship between power and body fat
(How) Can I use pulse as a fitness measure?
What exercises will bulk up the pectorals and shoulders while avoiding the arms?
Increase range of movement in Shoulders
Stretching biceps muscle
Shoulder Pressing â€“ Training the Negative
Weird measurements of my heart monitor
Does muscle strength (rather than muscle mass) also depend on food consumption?
Position of weight during weighted pull ups
How do I know if I'm training too hard?
Workout during Menstruation
Can i do cycling and Situps with Knee problems?
Can't do handstand presses
Benefits of dumbell bench press with palms facing towards yourself
Best workout time vs eating time
How is energy derived from muscle, fat and glucose at different intensities?
Should I do yoga if I have flu symptoms?
2 workouts a day, supplementation
How to engage chest muscles
Feeling sore when working on biceps
Protein to calorie ratio of beans and pulses vs meat and fish?
Get anaerobically fit for a squash tournament in a month
After going to the Gym I feel really hungry!
Extremely sore legs after plank exercise
What is the best way to light a night run?
How can i quickly gain Weight ? i am too skinny
Can I use slightly unbalanced dumbbells?
Carry dumbbells while running
How to shorten the abs to keep belly in?
How to reduce and make fit buttocks
Pull weights while running
Why is it so hard balancing the Vrikshasana pose when the eyes are closed?
Dip bar width to involve chest
Workout routine for an overweight person
How can I microload a dumbell?
Powerlifting and form
Benefits of having low salt diet?
Using only dumbbells for aesthetic gains
How do I track improvement in my box jump?
Supplements for me
How much cardio for a 1 hour workout?
Training/Weight lifting in the cold
Training despite having an unbalanced back (asymmetric)
Is resting affected by office work?
Do protein shakes really damage the kidneys?
Grouping and ordering workouts for a 3-day workout week
Recreational vs Competitive Breaststroke Timing
Starting Strengh - how to replace power cleans when already doing chins
Software for planning a Ultra Marathon for Windows?
Disavantages of a faster metabolism
Does muscle adaptation occur when strength training (low reps)?
Body weight leg exercises for mass
I can't hold a plank for long - how do I get more effect out of a session?
What is the difference between cadence and tempo in spinning?
Can I replace the overhead press with the seated version?
How do I gain lean muscle mass as a vegetarian or vegan?
Is it better to engage or relax your "core" during long distance running?
Does strength means more muscle gain and bigger body
10 set of 10 reps not too much to bulk up
How does the handstand compare to the plank for abdominal training?
Gastric Bypass Surgery and Creatine/HMB
How can I increase bicep width?
do low oxygen levels effect fat burn and/or muscle strengthening?
Is taking protein shakes without exercising beneficial or dangerous?
Muscles fibres, hypertrophy and energy systems
More fatigue, DOMS, and pain than improvement in exercise
Does depression have a big impact on an individual's exercise results?
To what extent is someone who does "powerlifting" a "powerlifter"?
Very big strain on lungs/breathing when doing cardio exercise
My first minimalistic/barefoot shoe
Any authoritative references on nutrition?
Advice on protein supplements with Kick Boxing / Weight Lifting Training
HIT training for strength (bodyweight)
How to train, eat and relax in the week before my first marathon
Exercise ball as a complement
Do you still gain muscle even if you do less reps than last time?
How can I build a routine based around a power tower?
Why are there so many exercises in bodybuilder workouts?
Planking for posture - should I go for time or intensity?
What's the deal with 'inner' and 'outer' abdominals?
How can I increase ab depth and size?
combining isolation exercises with a 5x5 program
Is there a difference between lifting for look/size/strength?
Eating before morning exercise
Is it possible to workout too long?
Health benefits of numerous mini-exercise sessions per day
How often should I work out if I want to build mass?
How should I proceed with my runnings?
Am I at a greater risk of injury while experiencing DOMS?
V sit Vs L sit: Muscles involved
What should i do to run 6 miles in 1 hour
I need some advice on push ups due to surgery and injuries
How much does a resting pulse normally vary?
Is there anything wrong with doing one-legged bodyweight squats in this way and what can I improve?
What order should I complete my goals in?
How to become Fat
Stalled progress on a particular weight machine
First marathon down. Now what? How to train over the next few months?
What is the best way to spend 2h/week on Cardio (Vo2) training for biking?
Name for an exercise on chin-up bar with body rotation
Is there any research showing how effective HIIT (specifically stationary bike) is for fat loss?
Are there any effects of fasting on cognition?
Don't have a bench for bodyweight back extensions, alternatives?
Does running faster cause more injuries?
Eating Only Cereals at Night?
Stronglifts 5x5 while on a caloric deficit?
lying Leg raises, hand under head
should squat weight always be over the heel?
hand balancing on canes
Minimum and Sufficient Exercises that can be done at home?
Is my routine and exercise ok for good biceps and 4 or 6 pack abs
Exercises for building strong and well defined abs?
Progressing to a new program
Lost 4 kg after 1st month of gym, then it stopped and I did not lose a pound after that.So my second month of gym was a total waste? why is that?
pistol squat mechanics
what to look for in planks
How does a 5x5 program work on a cut?
Weight Loss, help!
How to train finger extension?
how to not over eat and still not feel desperately hungry
My hands becoming fat due to weight lifting
Can I use butterfly as resistance training?
should i join gym or not..?
How do I gauge the effectiveness of conditioning workouts that don't involve sets and reps?
Difference between Running and Training clothing
How big of a role do genes play in strength/fitness potential?
Am i suppose to feel a burn?
running slow effects on legs
Trouble losing weight, need help creating a diet and workout plan
Calves felt sore after long walk
Need proper pace training for a 1.5 mile run on a treadmill
Building Core Strength
Why parallettes have small height?
What are the boundary conditions for effective conditioning?
What is the difference between trained and untrained muscles? Should untrained people do muscular training differently?
How Do I increase my discipline and will power?
Does it defeat the purpose to bring a frozen water bottle to hot yoga?
Arm cross stretching behind the back, how to improve it?
Fitness asssesment for boulderers?
How to have short work outs per day to compensate 1 day gym
Spine pain after crunches
Unable to grasp bar doing a back barbell squat
Is the slow-carb diet bad in combination with exercise?
Workout classes and training for little $$
What to do after a successful 6 month hard strength training program?
Need to gain weight as soon as it possible
Sore knees from playing squash
The effects of strength training volume on recovery
How to keep your weight from rising (after lowering it) without a strict diet forever?
Why typical gym programs don't work?
Stiff muscle recovery after running
Cold air on the throat and lungs
Substituting BCAA supplements with hard boiled egg whites before working out fasted
How to lift heavy stuff in an apartment?
How to win in an arm wrestling?
Sleep Hours during Heavy Hard work
Healing severe IT Band Issues
Is there any benefit to being more flexible than is necessary to reach position?
Yoga for tight hip flexors
Shoulder pain during pull ups
How to mimic hills running on treadmill?
Took a 6 week break from Stronglifts. Now what
What is a recommended way to get a custom work out regimen designed?
Light/Heavy weight in a training day
Elbow pain due to tricep exercise
Will doing regular workouts improve my overall agility?
Does Exercise Decrease or Increase testosterone?
Slow digested meals while keep eating
Weight gaining diet for vegetarian
exercising the abdominals, height
I want to grow taller?
How can women live without Testosterone
Red meat cancer risk after removing adipositas cancer risk
Determining a target for weight loss
Activity Tracker and Elliptical
What cutting routine after Starting Strengh
How much press strength for human flag?
Role of jogging/running in bodybuilding regime
Limits of human cooling in hot humid environment
When is isolating certain muscles beneficial?
How to keep a specific rhythm during sets?
What solutions for heavy foot dumbbells
Please advise me on reducing my overweight, I am quite depressed and lost
How to plan exercise for the day?
How to gain height after 21 years?(am racewalker)
Are carbs the enemy?
24 hour fitness international locations
Do you sweat when swimming?
alternatives to leg presses
Can you build muscle when you are on a low carb diet but supplementing with branch chain amino acids?
How do you explain to a family member that youre on a fitness regimen without them going bonkers about it?
Are we more likely to develop rhabdomyolysis if we suffered from one before?
Sample Regimen for losing body fat and retaining lean mass
Lost 30 lbs in 6-8 months. But need to bring down fat percentage
What's the best exercise to get more well defined abs, a.k.a Muscle hypertrophy
Should i drink proteinshakes or eat proteinbars on my chilldays?
wrist/forearm pain when doing pullups
thyroid gland and bodybuilding
Help with getting over plateau?-weighted pull ups
Will whey makes me lose muscle ?
What is the cheapest way to build power lifting fitness room for one person?
Deadlift and Rack Lifts
How much fish oil should I take for sore knees
Metabolic Equations for Anaerobic Exercise?
Leg workouts without squats or lunges
Will Coffee increase the growth of white hair?
Cramping in chest after working out
is this a good workout plan for beginners
Is this a good at-home exercise routine for a beginner?
Run even if it pains? - chrondomalacia patellae
Change of shoes at middle of ultra trail race for better cushion
One rep max formula - why do I get tired during warm-up
Mike Mentzer, Heavy duty
Working out consecutive days with longer resting periods
Lower lat/ribcage pain while Deadlifting
Hamstring injury - has it healed?
What's a good intermediate/advanced squat routine?
Moving from Machines to Dumbells
I have a pulse oximeter. Can I use the O2 readings to improve my workout?
Alternative exercise to "Cuff dribbles"
Should I run a marathon without training for it if I'm training for half-marathon?
Is muscle strength 100% correlated with testosterone levels?
Water dripping from nose after swimming
On weight loss diet while lifting
How are the packs formed in the stomach?
Training for Pro-Soccer Tryouts
How to correct bad sleep posture
Is it better to use whey protein pre or post workout?
One muscle a day workout for skinny guys
Proper Burpee Form
Spinal compression in abmat situps compared to standard situps and other ab exercises
Is hypoventilation training bad for health?
How can I train my upper body strength with a shoulder that has a SLAP tear?
What is the most effective increased "dosage" or level of the Tabata HIIT protocol?
How to consume as much sodium as possible?
Is it possible for an Ectomorphic to build bulky muscle like the Professional body builders ?
Knee Articular Cartilage pain
Nutritional supplements for the brain
Is Hair loss any way related to body building?
How to replenish only electrolytes during long distance running
is it important to keep both shoulders at equal strength? (If so, why?)
How can I get toned without losing weight?
How can a scale measure body fat and water percentages, muscle and bone mass, BMI, BMR and AMR (calories burned)?
How do I lose fat? I tried cycling but it does not work
Trying to gain weight in a healthy way, but getting a bigger or bloated belly as a result!
How to Isolate Initial Push on Bench Press
Knee pain after jogging on an inclined pavement
40/40/20 Ratio and 1.5g of protein per pound still a good rule of thumb?
Yoga for muscle imbalances?
Relaxing after an evening workout?
Are Steroids Supplements?
Building cardio and lungs
Running + Strength (main goal: lose fat)
Do I lose muscle mass if I do anaerobic exercises throughout my diet?
Is it bad for me to taking protein shakes without working out?
Toe nails damaged after marathon
How long do I wait after a failed lift?
How to train general stamina (e.g. 12 minutes running)
Mitigate workout exhaustion
Will doing wall sits slow down my running?
Needing some tips on toning up
What are the basics to slowly becoming a runner?
Cable pull throughs as alternatives to traditional deadlifts
What is the maximum acceleration a human can generate? With which body part?
How can i be more motivated to eat healthier?
Outdoing years of bad habits and getting into shape
What is better for you - a whole wheat piece of toast or a scooped out whole wheat bagel?
May I take a sleep immedietely after doing exercise?
Milk+honey helps gain weight?
cant do push-ups
Is ZMA really effective?
Can external rotations help an already torn rotator cuff?
Is this a suitable diet for weight loss?
What should I be doing to improve the quality of my interval training?
How to solve major calorie deficiency problem for very active person on plant-based diet with insufficient appetite?
Off a bulk and now cutting
Metallic taste/smell with exertion
Fitness measurement based on pace and average heart rate
One Rep Max related terminology - What 5RM mean?
What kind of exercises can one do to just lose weight but not gain muscles?
What is the purpose of "light" days in a lifting routine
When training on a weight lifting routine, how close to failure is optimal
weight training and Muscle imbalance (?)
elbow pain due to jerks
Legs cramping in cold weather after leg workouts
Mass doubling for a healthy man from marathon training (summer) to weight training (winter)? Normal?
Does not starting with the empty bar in StrongLifts 5x5 really hinder your ability to add weight every workout?
Isolation exercises for back training
Doing crunches for month and after that stop doing it effect body shape?
reverse grip lateral pulldown
Is wiping off sweat during "indoor" cardio counterproductive?
Gaining Muscle/Strength over age 50
Chest workout to decrease muscular chest pain
Planning My Workout
thick/jumbo jump ropes
Will drinking distilled water improve muscle definition?
Lifting babies for strength
Bulletproof coffee and green tea
What is an effective and safe way to train shoulders out of the gym?
Lifting to failure - good form?
What credibility or scientific backing does 1g protein per 1lb of body weight have for its applications?
Good exercise for when all your muscles are sore?
No carbs before sleep. But how long before?
Just found a hemorrhoid. Should I lift this friday?
Tennis is good to lose weight?
The best workout for defining muscles
Standing up suddenly causes tunnel vision?
How can I fix my 'computer body'?
How can I make my thighs and calfs slimmer?
Wholegrains considered as slow digesting carbs?
Burning biceps productive?
Knee: dull pain after the game
Is FitBit useful for weight lifting?
How do I improve my grip?
Squats with the Smith Machine
Should I change my workout as I get closer to a 5k (or any other short-term goal) when I have a routine that's helping me meet my long-term goals?
I'm a very loud runner - how do I improve my running technique?
Why doesn't the PACER Test go beyond 247 laps?
How to make a flat stomach within a month
What is the effect of abs workout, without diet and cardio?
Should we train calves 3 times per week?
Is there anyway you can recover muscle mass that you've lost due to improper dieting?
Can a person who has Marfan Syndrome grow muscle?
How to find the correct workout plan for myself
When is the best time of day to work out in order to take advantage of hormonal cycles?
Can StrongLifts be modified to be just as effective with light weight?
what are some great foot stretching exercises
Arch pain that won't go away
Deadlift relatively low compared to squat. Where am I weak?
Is there a way to approximate the change in the metabolic rate caused by anaerobic exercise?
Effect of High Muscle on 'Bands' of Body Fat
What is the etiquette for sharing a power rack?
Cardio and muscle growth
Losing fat on upper pubic area (FUPA)?
Glutamine to increase muscle mass through better recovery
If I am at risk for health condition caused by overweight/obesity, what's the fastest way to cure myself (reduce weight/fat/etc)?
Are there benefits in having a post workout shake before a workout?
Can I add in some core exercises to SL 5x5 and what do you suggest if so?
How to get reduce the size of my nipples?
If StrongLifts takes longer should you reduce volume?
Running in strong wind
To run faster should you concentrate on raising your thighs or keeping them low
Sharp rib pain after squats in StrongLifts 5x5, breathe problems
Is it okay to lift weights daily?
What food should be preferred for gaining weight?
I've changed so much...but nothings changed
Problem with shoulder workouts
What to eat to gain strength in one hour to compensate for going hungry for a week?
Total Gym To Get A Ripped Body
Cycling, fitness and nutrition help?
is it OK to drink glucose water during workout?
How can I track how many calories I'm losing in a day?
Working out indoor, I need advice what equipment to use as replacement to gym equipment
Neck Started paining after abs workout
Swim cap for men's long hair
What happens when you tend to lay in bed all day?
Dumbell Front Squat - preparation - how to get the dumbells up with good form
Training to not drink in hot weather
How do I check my own form doing weight lifting?
passing out when holding breath
Any input on fixing running form with resistance training?
Total weakness in squats today. What does this mean? Not enough rest? Bad food choices? Etc
Coming back from injury, advise on deadlifts
Do I need to do a full body routine before I follow beginners' routines
Risks of having a low caloric intake and high activity
Would deloading for a month in order to help fix my lifting form ultimately detrain me?
Where does the myth come from that doing heavy squats means you have high cardiovascular endurance?
Is supplementing with Glutamine beneficial to exercise performance?
Lower back pain during heavy squats
Poor form at lower pace
Next to no glute / hamstring activation when squatting
Weightloss seems stagnant despite much efforts
Should I add an assistance exercise or drop the weight on my squats to work my adductors?
What type of exercise will cause growth retardation on my body.?
What do we mean by "aerobic" and "anaerobic"?
After a strenuous workout, do your lungs need time to rest and repair? If so, what is being repaired in your lungs as you rest them?
How to strengthen calf muscles?
Energy expenditure (calories burned) equation for running
Daily Yoga routine
help me adapt the bizzy diet to my needs
Working abs after regular workout
Best information to keep in a exercise journal and how to keep it
What is the optimal heart rate in the rest phase of high intensity interval training?
Is HIIT really even a good recommendation for people who aren't acclimated to cardio?
Cola Zero: What are the effects
Help standing back up from lunge position
Weight Loss after reaching a plateau
Best home gym to replace going to the gym
Should one replace burned calories?
How do I arrange a beginner calisthenics workout and rest schedule?
What to drink during a triathlon
HIIT in the living room
What are the dangers of starting cardio as an overweight 25 year old male?
Should I be wearing socks with the Nike Hyperfeel?
Good workout regimen for building muscle and losing fat?
Drills for sea swimming
Why does water taste different after a workout?
Can alternating grip result in muscle imbalances?
The leg workout
If I lift weights and eat exactly my calorie requirements, what will happen to my body?
Cardio: Energy boost and improved fitness
Is my heart rate too high to run?
What do Watts really mean on an exercise bike?
Is upright row bad for the shoulder?
What is long distance running? How much is too much?
Improve Sled Pull for Mountaineering
Improve overhead press with cleans
Is there a correlation between a heart risks and high BMI for someone with a low body fat percentage?
How to reduce stiff back when waking up?
Information overload makes me unsure of how to lose fat weight
What are the risks of wearing ankle weights during normal activity?
Self Training vs Personal Training at the gym
For bench press, should I use dumbbells, a barbell, or the Smith machine?
Chocolate and coconut
Length of sit vs. stand at adjustable desk?
How to fill body with energy before climbing?
Are there special considerations to be made when training for a night race?
DOMS: Good or Bad?
Barbell Squats: Maintaing correct form
Gaining muscle but scale showing more body fat percentage?
Is there any reason I shouldn't run two days in a row as a beginner?
Is 20 minutes of HIIT cardio on a stationary bike going to kill recovery on 5/3/1 + Trimuvirate?
How to breathe in lifts requiring tight core (squats, deadlifts)
Keeping in shape with a terrible sitting-job
Does BMI really matter?
Research that says exercise counteracts bad diet
Running speed - treadmill vs outdoor
low GI food diet for weight loss
Because of alcohol consuming, cheeks are getting bigger. Is there a way to reduce it?
Can i start exercising two months before my marriage?
Are too many carbohydrates proven to be the cause of many diseases?
Which activity tracker to get?
Increase in Belly size after workout
Fastest walk / jog ratio
How much proteins during rest day?
Can one calculate the energy expenditure of specific lifts?
How can I loosen stiff piriformis and iliopsoas using a myofascial release technique without dry needling?
Dietary Preparing for Morning Training
How to design a workout for someone with hypertension?
How does the human body respond to creatine?
Handling a single stagnating exercise?
How to calcuate the calories burned during running
Gain Muscle Mass with Weight
Is it okay to do workouts immediately after doing yoga?
Is "the truth about metabolic damage" fear mongering?
How to ease tight soleus
Healing process
Why I am not losing weight?
Can less exercise give better results?
Nerve damage in fingers and hands?
What physiological effect takes away my knee pain when squatting?
Can aerobics make you grow taller?
New running shoes chafing toes
why six packs are in front of protruded stomach?
How to get more protein without wasting food
how to correct forward neck posture?
How does exhaustion impact calorie expenditure?
Alternatives to the plank
Stretches to make my wrist more flexible
Deload or Rest in weightlifting?
Is it "odd" that I've never tried on Nike Running shoes in a running shop?
How to determine the quality of a training program
Vertical Leap Improvement Plan?
10-15% high intensity training - what is the % of
Recurring muscle pull in Upper-back/Neck when doing overhead press/bench press - form advice
Bulldoze bulking - optimizing workout
Does someone sell latex-free jump stretch/exercise looped bands?
How long does it take to heal shin splint?
What is wrong with CrossFit?
When does plank during stop working for aesthetic purposes?
Barefoot Running: What is the right form?
Due to the office timings (1 to 10 PM) doing workout late in the morning 10:00 AM has any impact on fitness?
What does the term "30% caloric restriction" mean?
arms (biceps & triceps) are never sore the next day following workout
Would weightlifting conflict with gymnastics/parkour?
What is the optimum age for running a marathon for men?
sweating and body fat
Which barbell exercises can be done in an appartement?
What is a good way to dry out extra fat after extensive muscle training program?
Wearing orthotics in lifting shoes
Question about Newbie Gains
Weigted vest exercises for bodybuilding at home
Breakfast on Morning of Race
Do accurate strapless heart rate monitors exist?
Exercises to correct bad shoulder posture
Does exercising late at night kill your "afterburn"
I want to get ripped. Can bodyweight exercises do the job?
How to be strong and fit?
How much protein per muscle mass?
What is the most important exercise one would do for Vertical Leap Improvements?
Simplified endurance training
Am I misunderstanding the recommended daily protein intake? I find it impossibly high
Why perform chin-ups/pull-ups to failure on Starting Strength?
Will convict conditioning book help me getting ripped
Tight calves and tingling toes when running
What doctor/specialist can assess fat and body composition?
Right biceps is bigger than left biceps!
How effective are respiratory training devices
45lb Plate - At home workout Ideas
What are Some Energy Boosters
Is There a Fitness / Activity Tracker which Measures Heart Beat Rate?
Can starting regular exercise cause a breathing issue?
When doing HIIT, how long should your intervals be?
Does Jack3d Micro increase Metabolism?
Calorie calculation, consumption and side effects of minimum intake
Diet plan - looking for feedback
How do pre workouts provide energy?
Need help for workout, supplement and nutrition
How to maintain calorie with exercise
Fatigue after a certain amount of reps, no matter what the weight is!
Is it true that more calories give more energy, plain and simple?
What is a suitable post-marathon training plan?
I can't get any abdominal activation, how to fix?
Why am I earning more nikefuel than other people?
Initial weight loss, followed by 2 weeks of inactivity
Does Potassium Deficiency Really Cause Cramps?
Substituting dumbell bench press for barbell bench press
How much faster can I expect to run with less body weight?
Running with bunions: technique, shoes, etc
Is it okay if i skip lunch or has any adverse effect on Fitness?
What exercises can I do to improve the muscles supporting the thoracic spine?
Why do I lose the flexibility gained from stretching?
hip and oblique muscle imbalance
My forearm hurts, should I lower my barbell weight?
What easy exercises can I add to my routine?
Exercise order for a particular body part?
Does exercises other than running help in improving the distance or speed of running?
I am 5 ft 6 and 56 kilos. best work out routine for me to get a flat stomach
Is once-per-week training enough for building muscle
Can I beat Arnold in arm wrestling?
Skull crusher exercise positions
Hourly 30 second workouts for the workday?
Weight lifting always leading to illness
How often to train to get muscle mass
They say sitting is our generation's smoking but what about people with disabilities like me?
What is the impact of changes in weight placement during weighted dips?
Interchanging Workouts
How to safely approach the lotus position for someone with tight hips?
Beginner full body routine without squats
What exercises can help relieve outter arch strain?
Difficulty adjusting to body after I fixed anterior pelvic tilt
Weight training programs
What's the easiest way to hit your macros?
Calories Burnt whilst excercising
Optimal interval between workouts
Goal - lose weight but get stronger. Is weightlifting + dance + martial arts overkill?
Which one to choose for a home routine: pushups vs floor dumbbell presses?
How to compensate for extended cardio as body builder
Precautions for difficulty faced on first day of gym
Is it better to keep a fixed bed time or waking up time?
Correct workout regime
Is sleep necessary for recovery?
Exercises for strengthening foot twisting
How do i determine that i am running properly?
Eat more or less to lose fat and gain muscle
How can I add more running sessions per week safely?
How to increase reps on pullups/dips while doing a 2-day-split?
How well do chest and back go together in the same workout?
Is Yoga a good synergy for my routine to improve flexibility?
calorie counting?
How does support grip strength and crush grip strength differ so much?
How to find active training partners through Endomondo?
Can walking fast help run fast?
How to train for marathon if I haven't been running, but walking a lot?
martial arts for SLE Patient
Is it possible to qualify for Boston or break 3 hours in a marathon with only weekend training?
Training exercises for a change in climate
Adding Core/Abs exercises to my routine
Tabata calorie burn with 4 minute excersie
Workout and Supplments for fast results
What exercises to do for archery antagonists?
good recovery workout to burn a lot of calories during strength training?
Time yourself at 100m sprint?
Is it better to run 3 ten mile runs with food breaks or one 24-26 mile run when training for a marathon?
Maximum fat loss and fat burning workouts?
Fingers for intensive sports requiring hands a lot? Recoving from ulnar claw?
Biochemistry of working out while under psychosocial stress
Warm up streches with diagnosed hypermobility of joints
Are sprouts a good replacement for animal/whey protein?
Benefits on running completely soaked?
What is the best way to strengthen your abs?
Pistol Squat Progression?
Correct form for eccentric squats on slant board for treating patellar tendonitis
Help me balance my weight training routine
Calories measured by these skiing like cardio machines in the gym?
I can speedwalk and not get tired, but any form of running kills me
How to change the weight during an exercise in order to train muscles more efficiently?
Benefits of Squatting from bottom position as rest position
What should I do to get a clear reading on testosterone?
How can I find courses on MapMyRun?
Are Freeletics and Crossfit the same thing?
How to improve baby finger's extension and flexion? How to relax it? How to stretch it?
If you can run short distance fast then can it be extended for longer distances without dropping off?
Compound exercise routine using dumbell
Can overtraining occur when I'm alternating muscle groups?
Is this enough?
Knee pain, but not whilst doing exercise
Lack of sleep and gym working out
Not gaining strength, even after following routine, diet, exercise, sleep, etc
I still have stomach fat despite losing so much weight I can see my ribs. How can I get rid of it?
How to develop sensitivity of hands and arms?
Heart rate monitoring for crossfit
How to train for an Obstacle Run?
difficulty with deep breathing, should I persevere?
Vegan trying to build muscle: how much protein should I eat and how can I get it?
Is it necessary for a vegan to supplement protein?
Shoulders and lats give up before abs during hanging leg raises
How much carrot juice should I drink to get orange?
How to run faster every time without injuries ?
What can I do if weight decreasing stopped after I reached half of my goal?
How to eliminate pain while performing half-pigeon?
Weight training and cardio
How to keep the legs healthy when climbing stairs
Coffee with sugar after cycling (or any cardio)?
why one leg soleus muscle can be bigger than the other leg?
Preventing leg injury when running
Chalice Squat Variation - Safe and Effective?
Exhuastion before and after workout
vascularity in males
Stamina for running long
How can I learn to kick with a different pattern?
How come home gym is less productive than going to the real gym?
Is it possible to be mentally active while exercising?
Does slowing negative and positive movements of exercises build muscle
How to know when to stop practice under symptomatic allergic rhinitis
What is a good general fitness routine?
Sleep longer the night after workout
Learning about fitness for skiing
Good walking Shoe and Insert
Skull crusher workout issue
How exactly does one execute an interval training properly?
How to maintain rate of improvement from light excercise
Is this breakfast reasonably healthy (new to all this)
Is there a physiological reason why male to female transsexuals can't compete in women's weightlifting?
What can you do with "running" hand weights?
Dumbbell lifts vs Smith Machine lifts
Constant fatigue
Is it normal for my spine to be sticking out when I'm touching my toes?
FitBit and kayaking
Eating 7-8 meals for build muscle but loose fat. How?
Fitness plan for an achieving high school freshman
Weight training without putting on fat
What are good knee strengthening exercises to avoid knee injury?
Training Plan for High School 3-5km cross-country Run
What are the rules to be followed while doing push ups at home
Is it fine to train in the sauna?
Angiogenesis due to exercise
Why do some actions benefit us and others injure us in the long term?
How reliable are compact squat racks and foldable benches
How does one get past mental running barriers?
Would this routine work?
Is this routine and diet good and should I continue doing it?
Do handstand push ups and pike push ups work the posterior deltoid
Leg Abductor Tremble
I have a back pain from sitting. Can I still run?
Machine's direction 'maintain certain speed' and calories shown on the machine
I run one hour without a break everyday. Am I over training?
High protein intake at a time
How does stress affect results?
Front/Back imbalances
Doing wendler 5/3/1 daily
How long can the work periods in HIIT be?
Trying to run 10km, should I work on my lower legs?
Do the squats Zack and Cloud do actually do anything in real life
Cycling the day after squatting
Should I run with this ankle pain?
How to build muscle strength without exercise?
Losing weight by fasting every other day?
Does strength training cause an increase in sleep?
Does this wear pattern on shoes indicate there is something wrong with gait?
Should i be just doing weights or add cardio too
fastest way to burn calories?
How to prepare for a physical fitness test in a couple of weeks?
What is the correct physical fitness path here?
What are your views on weight training while injured?
How to find what muscle groups to strengthen?
How quickly can a runner drain lactic acid out of his quads?
I have hit a weight loss plateau. Could my lower water intake have something to do with this?
Underweight. What should I do?
Will a full-body routine like this be effective for muscle mass gain?
Speed of abdomen exercises
Am I in a so-called "good running form"?
How can I get some motivation for re-starting my workouts?
Why is my swimming fitness so much worse than my cycling and running fitness?
Does slowly increasing calories mean lean gains?
Insulin secretion treshold
Locking of the jaw during workout related stress
Food prior to intense cardio
What is the maximum weight which adjustable dumbell handles can take?
Persistence sleepiness
I don't have time to go to the gym
Ideal Human Nutrition for athletic ability and longevity
What is the difference between rest and sleep? Can inactivity replace sleep?
Muscle size reduction sans loss
How to eat healthy and maintain weight while travelling / being on vacation?
Muscles shake irregularly during workout?
Adding Whey Protein to fitness goal
Pressups on fingers to get bigger wrists - am I doing more harm than good? What precautions to take?
Squatting with bruised knee
Chest bench press using a machine
How much running is advisable for over weight person?
Almond Bread vs Gain Based Bread
How much should I worry about eating more when exercising?
Squatting is causing pain in my quadriceps
Is it possible to practice freestyle breathing with a kick board?
Tried and true at home workout?
Wendler's routine, should I adjust? (KG)
Shoulders tire during EZ-bar curls
not feeling abs working out
Chubbyness from the face and body
Wendlers(5/3/1), how is each future mesocycles weight calculated?
Can protein shake be blamed for not losing weight
D-Ribose and keto
How long should i wait to see fat reduction in my body?
Effectiveness of TRX System
StrongLift 5x5 and lower back pain
I want to incorporate barbell front squats into my workouts, does anyone have good tips for doing it correctly?
Effects of altitude on athletic performance
How many times can one do crossfit in a week?
How to reduce belly?
How much fat I can safely lose?
Dealing with torsional knee stress during Dance Dance Revolution
Weakness & Lack of Strength
Should I have run faster during the race, or was I just more motivated than the others
What is the best way of getting into open water swimming?
Please recommend some exercise on legs
Whey protein consumption leading to Celiac disease?
Is there a benefit to doing crunches over sit-ups?
ReFirm - Shrinking Fat Cells
Is the muscle pump after exercise due to increased cellular Na (due to reduced ATP availability)?
Exhaling properly underwater?
Arm size growth and halt
Running out of energy before feeling muscle stress
If I lift on the moon will I get stronger?
Can one do pull-ups right after a meal?
Allergic to Protein supplements
How to improve my weight loss efforts?
How to overcome grip strength as sticking point for deadlifts?
How do I kick properly while swimming
eat almost nothing but keep metabolism awake
Collar bone visibility issue
What lower back muscle or tendon is located near the inside of the iliac crest and helps rotate the femur?
How does the different loading techniques in bulagrian split squats compare?
Making stamina for running
Diet on Starting Strength - Should I eat the same on my rest days as on my workout days?
Is my routine okay?
Is Kris Gethin's 12 week body transformation a good program for a novice?
Does writing with the non-dominant hand help the general coordination?
Overhead presses when hyperlordotic
chronic lower back pain treatment?
What is the effect of alcohol on the body?
Suggestion for ripping workout: any good workout repositories on the web?
Eating 6 time a day, how?
How to workout on a bad day
Should I stay away from racing long distances if my main concern is health?
Different benches in bench press
How to proceed with my nutrition and exercise plans to get better results?
Is there a routine for hypertrophy that is incredibly intense but effective(no steroids)?
Mechanism and recovery of lower back pain?
My daily calorie intake
Nutrition before sleeping during intensive training program
Pain in Front Part of Leg
Which muscle or tendon inserts on the front of the thigh and bears more load when the knees are flexed than extended?
What muscles are targeted when doing inclined dips and push ups
If HiiT only, How many times a week?
How to lift regularly, without training
Dieting and exercise
Slimming legs with exercise and diet
Hi, I am unable to go further in my workouts. I mean physically unable to go on. What should I do
Is it possible to avoid ligaments injuries by doing leg and knee excercises?
What weight difference will tip an Olympic bar on a rack?
Road bicycles for weight loss
Post workout supplements?
Working out same muscle group two days in a row (or before full recovery)
How do the disabled swim? How do they use their legs?
Can anyone recommend science-based skeptical literature or media about exercise?
Integrating running into strength training schedule
Does belly fat hangs before getting less?
How many pounds of water retention will be caused by 2300 mg of sodium?
Effect of band around arms when bench pressing
Started working out -- Gaining weight?
How much more cardio for fat loss?
Alternating squats and deadlift
Injured bicep, will it now be susceptible to future injury?
Running on the spot vs walking
Sticking it out for longer
Does energy intake before training influence motor skills and concentration?
How to train pectorals with shoulder injury?
How many reps are ideal for increasing muscle mass?
What does it mean to 'condition the body'?
What are the potential benefits of using inclined push-up bars?
How to run with hemorrhoids?
Training not having any apparent effect
Substitute powerlifting exercises for healing wrist injury
Getting leaner but staying healthy
Do the calories from high-GI foods eaten in the morning count towards the energy you have in your evening workout?
Does HIIT induce weight loss without loss of muscle
What types of hip exercises are best suited for a runner?
Is gluten free diet a fad or does it have legitimate health reasons?
Once I have activated a muscle, can I stop exercising it or will it forget to fire again?
Is my exercise routine healthy?
Walking/jogging/sprinting causes pain in the abdomen?
Pulsometer for Android 4.1.2
How to keep swimming stroke consistent while swimming?
How long should I wait after dinner before I start exercising?
why its paining in the shoulder blade after shoulder press, how to get rid of it?
Is there any equipment/method that might help growing height?(20 yo male)
How to change workout time effectively?
Gain Mass: High weight and low reps OR low weight and high reps
What lifts shouldn't I do with a posterior labrum tear?
Why are female steroid-using bodybuilders less muscular than male ones?
Development of stamina for long distance
What are some mind tricks to eat better
Is stretching more difficult once the muscle mass is bigger?
How to gain weight despite doing lots of endurance training
Does having long pauses (several hours vs minutes) between weight lifting sets reduce or improve the exercise results?
Foot muscle weakness related to overpronation
Should cows milk be avoided during periods of heavy exertion?
How to prepare for trekking/hiking in one month?
Questions on the effectiveness and safety of weighted pistol squats
Is it possible to lose 3 pounds of FAT per week?
Weaning myself off unhealthy cereal
calorie restriction connection to muscle building
Does sitting for longer hours really have an effect on the body?
Chewing refined grains - good or bad?
How to identify what type of body is yours
Effect of exercise on overall heart rate
Low bar Squat: Hyper arched back, slight bend in knees and arm position
Muscle mass with dumbbells only
why the sides of the waist hurt when running?
What can I do to breathe well?
Why is the weight not falling off me?
why am i suddently so worn out in cardio?
Can I do both weight training and BodyPump?
How to relax our strained eyes
Low sugar diets
How do I minimise or preventing rubbing between toes on Long distance run?
How to get stronger without increasing fitness?
Whey protein intake and side effects
Is being in a caloric surplus the only way to get fat?
Help understand chronic tightness behind knees
Adjustment from pool to lake for triathlon
Losing 1.5 stones in a week healthy?
What is the effect of carb consumption on fat burning during exercise?
How to sleep while sore
How much dumbell weight will i lift?
Pendlay Row: It doesnt connect the lats
What to eat before and after gain weight workout?
Alternatives for high-carb foods
Do front squats compress the spine?
cardio before or after weights?
eating before or after working out?
Do I just have to forget about lifting weights?
Will 20 minutes of jump rope per day improve long distance running?
How does muscle confusion work?
Threshold consistency - how consistent is consistent enough?
What effect does restricted oxygen in cardio have on muscle damage & repair?
Cardio or gym machines for best fat burning?
Running, how many times a week? With what average speed? For how long?
Doing Strength training everyday
Losing Weight ASAP but in the right way
effectiveness when interleaving parts of workout
Losing body fat
Regurgitating during exercise
Is there any specific time to do push-ups
Boxing workout for losing fat?
What differences in the muscle structure can be seen when trained for Strength vs Hypertrophy vs Endurance?
What happens if don't consume enough fat?
Tabata Training-- should I separate upper and lower body?
Lifting then cardio or vice versa for better fat burning?
Does fat turn into muscles?
Replacement for chicken breast for high protein?
Correcting squat form, mild knee pain, numb thumb
Road Cycling on a Gravel Path
Do BCAA's only help with muscle gain or do they help with weight loss?
Progressing from supinated to pronated chinups/pullups
Do you need streching after bodyweight workouts?
How can I build up the flexibility to do a ballet wide plie?
Would I benefit from protein shakes?
Bizarre heart rate while running
Diet and compound exercises for mass gain
Spine standing out in the middle of the back
what kinds of HIIT do/can you do on the treadmill
Toning jiggly loose muscle
I have 10 weeks to go from running 12 miles once every few weeks to running a 24 mile race/run. Can anyone advise me on a training plan?
What is the function of myosatellite cells, and how do they relate to performance?
High reps of explosive exercises?
Sugar vs. Aspertame
How would I go about jogging part of my commute back to home?
Unable to maintain same reps through all the sets of an exercise
Losing body fat
Sets all at once vs. "grease the groove"
Ketone bodies vs glycogen cycle
Possible overtraining
Improve running style
Is this an effective workout?
Which muscle training is most effective to burn fat on an untrained person?
Is controlled release of muscle contraction more beneficial than free release?
How to track my weight training?
Chest/shoulder pain while running
Does muscle strength reduce the risk and problems of injury?
How can I improve this workout
How do I breathe with my diaphragm while running?
What is the next step if physical therapy isnt helping my groin problem
Why do you have a lower heart rate while training in the pool?
Consequences of Not Eating Enough Fruits and Vegtables?
Explaining the difference in nutritional information between very similar bags of rice or beans
Looking for equivalent workout to Upright Barbell Row excersie
Does a lack of aching means i've lost weight?
calcium and Iron
How to aid recovery as I get older (& try to get fit again)
Periodicity of Muscle Mass
Doing stairs: Detrimental to your knees?
Roughly how many calories does one pull-up burn?
How to take care of the hurting shoulder joint?
Is technique or form more important than progress in weight or reps?
building Muscle with Body Weight training
How many calories should I exactly eat for building body?
Exercises to Tighten My Body During Weight Loss?
What workout regimen is appropriate for the recently malnourished?
Should I aim to do an equal number of reps across my sets?
Which parameters define a well-balanced full-body strength training program?
Does humidity reduce oxygene absorption?
Will drinking room temperature water or drinking ice cold water hydrate you more effectively?
Isotonic water in the morning?
touching toes without bending knees exercises
Balancing StrongLifts with other workouts
Should I be worried that my pelvis pops during leg raises?
difference between gym weights and home weights
Can working out hard for a few years ruin your mucles/joints
How to improve this Workout
Actual amount of calories, I'm burning when riding bike
Mild left shoulder pain while squatting low bar
Compression Sleeves/Socks for Achilles Tendonitis
26 old 6 height 105 LBS. Worried about my weight
High intensity training schedule during vacation
Recovery plan from tennis shoulder
Do you lose stamina when you workout?
Why is cheese not allowed on the slow carb diet?
How to get started with Pull-Ups?
Legs sweating during exercise
Squat progressions
"Tricep Dumbbell Kickback" causing fatigue pain in back side of shoulder
Exercises for stiffened shoulder?
How many calories will I burn walking one mile?
Why do good lifts feel effortless?
Put on love handles since picking up internship. Advice?
building muscle on a calorie defecit?
one day - left arm, next day - right arm
Developing strength and ability, versus attrition
Unequally sore muscles
Is there any benefit of stationary running indoors?
Is calcium citrate safe to consume for vegans?
optimal resting period for strength
is running speed only a (body weight) / (leg strength) ratio?
How to gain definition on my biceps?
How to strengthen my forearms?
Need advice on current food intake
Why do we need a resting period?
combining Greasing the Groove with regular strength workout
Recommendations for a good fitness course for a 30+ newbie
Relation of physical fitness and age
Power rack outside / 5x5 workout during winter
Calories burn rate calculation -- scientific studies
Ice for recovery?
How can someone improve grip strength?
Nordic Skiing training program?
What causes headaches after using the sauna?
How to become good at lifting and holding my girlfriend in arms?
Which muscles you need to train additionally for climbing to avoid unbalances?
Tips on having six packs and losing fat and keeping the muscles I have
Wondering about workout "rythm"
why can't I do push up or pull up?
When\how to start to train on a campus board
Is heavy compound lifting enough for cardio fitness?
For the same number of repetitions, does it build more muscle to do fewer sets?
What is good training to extend endurance before hitting the wall
How to prevent injuries when running with peripheral neuropathy?
Advice for training biceps?
How to Change My Diet When I Add Exercise
Submaximal benching: are failed reps always controlled?
How to be healthy in irregular schedule?
Are protein shakes healthy and safe?
What should be the correct time to wear a belt (if any)?
Building muscle and trimming fat at same time? bulking/cutting phases?
Is there a good and bad kind of soreness after exercise?
Not breathing enough, lack of continuous breath, shallow breath - what to do to fix it?
How does Vo2max dieting differ from normal gym more endurance-training dieting? How much intake is enough?
Cardio in swimming : long distances or interval training?
Does the amount of calories burned during sleep differ from your basal metabolic rate?
Stride, heart, respiration in sync when running... What's this called?
Lower back strength-training and running for tennis
Why do I get more tired by walking than by running
How to lose weight
What happens when you train one specific muscle (ex, biceps), and you don't eat enough protein?
Is it ok to use elliptical trainer barefoot?
Does stretching muscles help build / tone them?
How to lose fat while lifting weights and not doing any cardio?
Weak knees - recumbent bike VS elliptical
what is my rmr?
losing side and back fat
Ideal body weight for medium frame
what is causing knee pain after squats?
Leukonychia with an athletic person, how to treat it? Zinc?
Is my training volume too large for optimal gains
Training the twitch fibre muscles for faster punching and kicking
Purpose of this machine?
would wearing copper rings cause any toxicity?
Is LCHF diet the best and easy way to loose fat?
Slight uneven forearms
preventing muscle and energy level loss after an upset stomach
Starving the morning after a massive meal
Protein about to expire
How to keep my leg muscle from increasing in volume while still exercising?
What are the different repetition ranges and for what use?
Is it possible to get taller after 25?
ways to improve a glute/leg workout?
Suddenly not sore anymore?
Effect of an asymmetric weight distribution on a hack squat machine
Is it safe for me to run an 8k in 30 minutes?
How do I stretch the shin muscles?
Improving breathing in a deeply bent leg situation (diaphragm compression?)
How to prevent blisters on plam during normal excercises such as dumb bells
Train for triathlon without moving arm
Plank Progressions
plank shakes - what does it mean?
Do body fat scales get more accurate with price, and if so, how exactly?
Foot arches flatten during lunges
Afraid of dropping weight plates on feet
Gently stretching a lightly sprained ankle
Punchbag without boxing gloves, getting a headache
Is it ok to just randomly ask someone to spot me?
Average speed of the general population over uneven ground
Musical or theatre performance - should a performer up his calories?
I'm trying to choose BarBell for power lifting training.
Yoga for Flat abdomen
Does Red wine makes my color fairer?
Recommended max resistance on cycletrainers
adductor / hamstring weirdness in the bottom of squat
exercise that can replace Pull-up?
Are low shoes suitable for running?
Practice for climbing stairs?
Should I take a wight gainer without doing workout?
What's wrong with non-drinkable water in public toilets?
Does floor wipers help in getting rid of fat on hips?
How much can i improve for a marathon in 2 months?
What types of bootcamps are best for endurance?
Upper groin hurts when riding stationary bike (Experienced cyclist)
Technique or strategy for un-runnable steep climbs
Longevity of Fat Adaptation for Endurance Athlete
Could these symptoms be of a pulled hamstring?
What is this exercise/pose called?
Should I run the next race? Or stay out because of my calves?
Aerobic vs anaerobic for better fat loss
What exercises should I start with?
5k Carbo-Loading Benifits?
swim workouts from swim-a-mile website
Does exercising on an empty stomach cause muscle damage?
Should a person with dental braces take classes of Tae Kwon Do?
How many Honey do I need for a UltraMarathon 80K and 4400meters D+?
Inner thigh strain while squatting
Are Rows or Pulldowns/Pullups Better for a Wide V-shape Back
Does bicycling improve abs?
Best time to workout without losing weight? (weird question, I know)
Can light activity on recovery days accelerate progress?
How to find good parkour shoes
real time visualization of heart rate data on a graph
Why do my muscles ache the day after I lift ? How come not asap after my workout or during?
How to select a workout plan?
How badly would lower-than-average testosterone affect strength-only gains?
Advice needed for Skinny to Muscular
What exactly does it mean to warm up?
What are realistic strength goals?
Concerned after many squats and suddenly felt sick / super-sleepy / light-headed for 1 whole hour?
How do I separate my self-worth from physical achievement?
Does Technoshape Equipment work?
What will be the impact of cycling 20 km a day in a city on my lungs?
Safe weekly amount of crosstraining for over 40 healthy adults
Why do artificial steroids build muscle while artificial leptin does nothing to prevent hunger?
Warmups and trainings for Shoulder cuff?
I get out of breath, like doing cardio, while deadlifting
i'm getting out of shape left bicep cause weight is not acting on my left bicep
How can the conventional deadlift be harder at the top than the bottom?
How to train the muscles of fingers?
Counting calories and following the limit
FitBit Flex Active Minutes
What should my heart rate be while running / working out?
How far to run at the beginning?
Optimized sleep schedule and how important is it ?
Is not running inclined forward necessarily bad form?
Heavy Bag appropriate length
How to make scar tissue due to blisters heal faster in hands after tennis/fencing/climbing?
Creatine supplementation for a Vegan athlete
Why is porridge easy to digest?
How to create the leg drive and keep shoulder blades together while bench pressing?
Trouble falling asleep after a workout at night
Tea ( w/ & w/o sugar ) and Calories
I keep pulling/getting pain in the same muscle even when I don't exercise it
Work out 5 times a week, out of breath
High metabolism problems
In double overhand grip for the deadlift, do the fingertips touch the palm?
Overestimated calorie burn on an elliptical
Standing desk while working
Does massage really help recovering from muscle soreness
Having to clear throat constantly while running?
Beginner Runner. Cannot go any further
Stretches/exercises to sit cross legged
Does hypertrophy need to be maintained?
Prevent back issues on the go, i.e. without office chair?
Mixing exercises with multiple muscle groups
Lifting Iron (strength training) vs pushups ( knuckle)+ body weight squats+situps
How long does it take for muscles to recover?
Are situps actually harmful?
Stretch glute without injuring knee
Shoulder pain, around the cuff. Any help?
Getting in shape after age 30+
Zyzz body without steroids
Shoulder / Arm pain during overhead lifts
Are there exercises to help strengthen my little toe?
Mom Losing Her Mobility Because of her Weight Gain
What is the best thing to lose belly fat
How much exercise is "just enough"?
How much beer can i drink?
how to get 6 pack abs in 1.5 month
Can someone who takes steroids get muscle mass even without lifting?
How to improve mobility of shoulders where arms straight together behind back?
Can I skip carbohydrates altogether?
How do I lose body fat without losing body weight?
Exercise frequency
As a recreational weight lifter, how do I ensure that I minimise long term health issues?
Shoulder pain after training - How to continue?
Is egg white powder a good alternative to whey protein?
Gaining LBM while doing cardio
Pullup Bar & Bodyweight exercises
How does 200g of toast relate to 500g of weight loss?
How to effectively determine whether I am losing muscle or not
Arms are too long to snatch? Advice, please!
How to change your morning and workout routine when moving new time zone?
Stiff calf after 20 minutes of cycling
Goal...in 10 months
When starting weights, do I need to take breaks?
Why does Starting Strength prescribe minor resets?
diet alternatives
Pre intense soccer game preparation strategies
Will squats help me build stronger legs
Less fitness for longer and healthier life
What is a low-impact exercise routine that slowly progresses towards more normal exercises?
Alternative to coffee
Never skip leg day?
Vertical jump and muscle mass
What are some good strength training routines for runners?
How quickly does fitness depreciate?
How do gymnasts and dancers remain so slim, yet so agile and strong?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of shorter bouts of resistance training?
Should I eat before or after my exercise?
Why on Earth do most people enjoy unhealthy food?
Can drinking too much water lead to looking bloated?
What products are available that attach to existing fitness machines (weights/treadmills/cardio etc) to track usage?
Hack for fixed dumbbells
What time frame might I expect to correct arm rotation?
Weightlifting for people with scoliosis
Are all extra calories stored as fat or is there a limit?
What movements are safe to 'do for time'?
8 hours continous sleep but thirsty, or good hydration but sleep interrupted?
Reducing body fat from low-ish to low in a short space of time
I want to train the forearms which variation of push-ups is suitable
Training on an empty stomach vs full
Vertical jump and body weight
How can I lose muscle mass in my quads and ham strings (thighs?)
Why do so many fitness websites still reference somatotypes?
Best way to achieve muscle activation in the lower abs?
Correct technique for ab wheel rollout or must the hip flexors work isometrically?
weight loss/diet plan help
How come fat people can't float?
How to pick up and rack dumbbells safely?
Is it common to have one sore hangstring / IT band?
What's the Best Way to Lose Fat and Keep Muscle?
what's the reality that keeps progressive strength training from being constant?
muscle group schedule and creatine cycling
Best way to start excercising after taking a break
Good resistance bands for the office?
Hydration guidelines: Institute of Medicine vs. "drink when you're thirsty"?
Should I get 7h of sleep or as much as I need (namely 12h)?
Examples of exercises for pregnant lady (10wks, previous just cross-trainer)
What should I do if I can just barely complete the lift sets?
MET levels achieved in cardio using treadmill, bicycle, or elliptical
Can I take the core exercises out of a simple strength routine composed by squats, rows and push-ups?
Is it okay to use a treadmill to lose weight?
Unexplained constant weight gain
Why can't I sprint anymore? Why am I heavy?
Short term and long term effect of delaying protein intake after workout
How can I ensure I am working the muscles in each leg equally?
What are some ingredients in this protein powder that may negatively effect my health?
Increased heart rate during the night
Do Omega-3 fish oils improve athletic performance?
Best way to start working-out again after a break
What is the best time for "me" to exercise?
TDEE has increased?
Do Inverted Rows prepare you for Pull Ups?
How do I fix my Power Clean?
Is it true that 50% of nuts protein are not usable?
What is the most optimum way to get best results out of protein shakes?
What is causing my post-run hip pain?
When to do conditioning while on Wendler's full body routine?
Skinny guy would like to get bigger (of course bigger muscles) but how?
Healthy carbs on the go
Can you do "too much" cardio for cutting body fat?
how much does workout spread matter?
How to improve free stroke swimming skill
Re: Touching your toes (not mentioned in 30)
Drills to improve the bottom part of chin ups or pull ups
Distinguish stretching from warming up?
How do i fulfill my protein requirements without taking protein powders?
What can I do to stay fit in the car?
How much glutamine and creatine is good?
What is my target training heart-rate?
Walking long distance vs cardio
Which muscles to train and how for horizontal oversplit?
Fat gain/shape after liposuction
Joint strength progress
Workout without sweating?
do runners think that each leg plays a different role? do they run with asymmetry?
Should an overweight person not do Running and skipping because it can hurt knee joints?
Is omlette better for the heart than a boiled egg?
Do I lose muscle or fat when on a diet and not exercising much?
How can I adjust my cadence?
What fitness trackers work well for cyclist?
Does Fitbit Flex Count Indoor Rowing Machine Strokes
Lower back pain at night only
How to decide what should be the correct height of bicycle and its seat height would be appropriate for me?
I am on the Atkins diet and weightlifting everyday, what is this doing to my body?
How to reduce muscle mass in lower body?
Taking Protein powder with Artificial sweeteners?
What is a balancing movement for overhead press?
Sprinting and weight lifting
Can Starting Strength be done by women realistically?
Water intake; an optimal balance between water and oxygen for endurance sports
How should I train for multiple running races simultaneously?
What is the best heart beat range for a 5k training?
What is the minimum amount of time someone might need for muscles to recover?
What are good all-round core exercises
Zoning out in and outside of practice
How long to wait doing HIIT after taking EC stack?
What is the minimal body fat percentage with no risks?
Strenghtening internal neck muscles associated with head going back?
Dealing with a bulging disc in lower back
how much I can improve in 3 months
How can i do pull ups at home?
can only lift lower body and core
Proposed Olympic/Power Routine To Meet Unusual Requirements
What Limits the Repetitions One Can Perform?
Difference between same repetition on each set and limit repetition on each set
Is a mainly cardio based schedule any good?
Will the starvation mode /muscle loss happen if I eat just enough to keep me not hungry?
Could a weighted shirt/vest replace a workout routine?
Can doing the same kind of exercise workout daily provide any good improvements?
Lean Body Mass Averages
Im trying to loose weight in my thighs but im gaining alot of muscle in them and its making them bigger
When a muscle can flex so tight it's painful, is anything wrong?
How many calories are burnt by walking upstairs with a 30kg (66 pounds) backpack and ankle weights?
Seeking suggestions for lifestyle changes beneficial for upper body strength
Maintaining muscle mass while training for half-marathon
Muscular tiredness from biking -- is it endurance related?
Will exercising for a shorter time at a higher resistance on a bike give the same benefit?
Getting back into aerobic shape
Home workout exercises with minimal equipment
What are the advantages and disadvantages to doing higher rep squats?
Would short Achilles tendons keep you from touching your toes?
What resources are recommended to learn more about cuing specifically?
Depleting Muscle Glycogen and Fat Burning
Effects of strength training on how fast injuries heal
how to lose bum fat
Pilates- Taking time to learn form versus... actually doing it?
Good clean bulking meals
Why am I gaining weight?
Does working other muscles improve recovery?
incresing weight , breast and height growth
For burning fat, is it better to jog for 45 minutes straight, or break them up by 15 minutes, three times a day?
How can one improve performance on the back scratch test (zipper test)?
Any reason to (or not to) vary foot position in seated calf raise?
Facial muscles and tightening the skin
Why does Dmitry Klokov stagger his feet?
Effect of smoking cigarettes on performance at the gym
To lose fat in ketosis should I avoid fatty foods?
Lost 60kg, went too extreme and caused damage? Feeling overwhelmed
Intelligently/Optimally Designed Exercise Routines (Sources and Information)
Weird result of working biceps and triceps? strength depeleting?
60-year old dad passes out after 1/2 an hour of badminton
Not straight angle in Sumo/Plie squat hinting of inflexibility in groins, hips, back or elsewhere?
What kind of muscle workout was Mike Tyson was doing?
How to activate glutes on a pear?
HOW should I do running intervals for martial arts?
Core/Abdominal Exercises with Lordosis
Why do deadlifts hurt my lower back
How to strengthen upper back without heavy dumbbell
Is it necessary to stretch arms after jogging?
Fitness Under Extreme Time Constraints
What happened to the quality of the inner backside of running shoes?
What are the effects of long-term, mass-consumption of sugared, carbonated drinks and what can be done to stop?
can Tai chi have any health benefits for elderly people?
Will doing a large amount of shoulder presses interspersed throughout the day improve strength?
How to increase Pull-ups
Can a well-conditioned person sit up using only their core?
taking creatine in line with take a diureic
Felt dizziness half an hour after running for 7 minutes
Boxing gloves for heavy bag - which ones?
Support for ankle inversion trauma during swimming
remove belly fat but am already slim only belly fat
What are the most effective ab exercises in terms of muscle activation?
penis erection problems is this due to smoking
How does Push Ups cause one side of my chest to be bigger?
Is it necessary to leave time between between physical exercise and taking a bath?
Effective cardio regimen for someone Ehlers-Danlos (hypermobility & arthritis) + bad IT band problems
What are some free dynamic workout routine generator apps?
How does superhuman strength work?
Dealing with ankle cramps in open water
Fatigued triceps in freestyle swimming
Critique my SL + Greyskull hybrid
Fitbit Flex accuracy in counting steps
German Volume Training 10 sets X 10 reps
Is doing pull-ups/chin-ups with a backpack full of weights bad?
Typical screw and screw anchor for sling trainer?
What can be the negative effects associated with an overtrained, overdeveloped back?
Dizzines with Insanity workout at the second month
Best diet for lots of cycling and 3 kettlebell workouts a week?
How old should children be to train with weights?
Doing Yoga in Socks
Toenail removed - realistically, how long before I can start running again?
How to use psoas in flutter kicks?
Calories to eat while doing P90X3 and trying to lose weight
How to leverage short bicycle ride to work?
Should we do running and lifting on the same day or on different days?
Why does the body burn muscles instead of fat in a calorie deficit body?
arm muscle size not increasing
Shaking muscle during rest day
Why does my waist hurt during pullups?
Training running speed going faster at 95-98% or longer at 80%
Gaining muscle after significant weight loss [slightly specific situation]
Will any lubricant work on any treadmill?
How much stronger can you get as you get fatter?
Cramping in the soles of my feet during certain stretches
The relation between sweating and how many calories we burn
All things being equal, does muscle build faster than fat burns?
Eating a big meal around a weightlifting workout - before or after?
Muscle spasm/contraction
Extended chest pump - 1 and a half days
When to change Kettle-bell weight?
Which gym workout routine after home training?
Protein supplements for over weight people
I'm very thin. How can I gain muscle?
Breathing technique Swings
Redline heart rate running
Avoiding banned substances
Is it healthy/unhealthy to consume too few calories so long as you're not starving yourself?
What are the detrimental effects of over exercising?
Minimizing Stomach Discomfort During Race with Caffeine
Tips to enable body to use stored fat
Average Muscle breakdown by percentage (by weight) of the total
What does it mean to "isometrically contract" some muscles?
Are there actually substances that can make a person not just larger but also taller?
Include Whey Protein in Diet Plan for Weight loss
How far is a good length of running for children?
What are the pros and cons of Jefferson vs conventional deadlifts?
What muscles are used to create and oppose posterior pelvic tilt when the upper body is leaning forward?
For lying leg curls, should the pelvis tilt or be neutral?
What activity level do I choose when starting out?
A possible way to increase an inch in bicep/tricep for a Diabetic person
Is crossing your legs bad for your posture?
Breathing out during swimming freestyle
What might happen if I get very low blood sugar during a run and continue running?
Incline Row Machine vs BB Pendlay Rows
Climbing stairs
3 day split workout + running between workout days?
What happens to your muscles when you stop working out for several years?
Become a Spartan program from movie 300
Is it necessary to stretch legs after jogging if I walk before and after?
Rubber residue on weights stains clothing, carpets, hands
Measure performance in kettlebell?
Can a two weeks pause have a positive impact on strength training?
Is my meal & workout plan suitable for losing fat and gaining muscles?
When does maximum muscle repair and growth take place after a strength workout?
Is it right that working out before 18-20 may stop growth
six months and no major change in losing fat
179bpm Average on 5k
Is there a website / service with publicly accessible database of workouts?
How do I deal with episodic insomnia during puberty
Will taking the stairs daily improve fitness for an obese adult
Can grazing lead to insulin resistence?
Why is my left foot going numb when I run? (when it was not a problem previously)
What's the proper tension for the belt on a treadmill?
Proper Form and Technique for Dumbbell Clean
Negative rep workouts - how often?
What quiet exercises should I be fitting into a short morning workout for all-round fitness?
Partial cramping in VM after squats
Exercise advice for newbie
What can I do to strengthen my hand?
What do people mean by injuries that occur when you are lifting weights?
vitamin D as a supplement
Caffeine and creatine
Stretching muscles while they are engaged
Consuming Spirulina with Wheat Grass
Build muscle in Arms
What effects will cycling for 60 minutes a day have on my body?
unable to do squats
Protein ,Fat and carbs for vegetarian-obese
5/3/1 Assistance work for deadlift and OHP
Sub 1:30 Half Marathon in 36 Weeks
Weight lifting and dental care
Pain in my chest when doing shoulder shimmies
Why is my speed of thought reduced on days after doing a lot of sports?
Are there people who aren't destined to be runners(competive or leisure but not pro) and others not ? If not why?
Weight loss for morbidly obese woman over 40
Healthy way of losing leg muscle
Simplest diet that provides all essential nutrients
Problem in digestion
Should i do weight lifting for building muscles? I am already doing kickboxing on weekdays
Weight lifting gloves with straps between fingers
Taking 'salt tablets' when running longer distances
Foot pain during all exercise - HIIT alternatives?
How does strength training affect one's health and life expectancy in the long run?
By systematical training, can strength and muscle continue to grow despite the aging?
Is my training regime going to build muscle mass?
How far should one stretch when doing yoga?
How to retain a proper posture when sitting, standing, walking?
Nutrition: I consume about 250g of maltodextrin daily. Possible negative effects?
Replacing protein food with supplement
Can I increase my height after 24?
Should I do weight training while sick?
How should I interpret this performance standards table?
Do training breaks affect the 'novice effect'?
Long legs squat foot position and posterior chain
Progressive, linear steady cardio program with a stationary bike provided with heart rate meter
Cell Death and muscle synthesis
How to reduce risk of injury in strength training (when not training at a gym)
How to gain FAT & muscle and not "lean muscle" alone, How do I get fatter?
Upper thigh pain caused by running?
What is the reason to weigh oneself during a workout?
Does exercising in cold burn more calories?
My Current deadlift is 116% of my body weight. My goal is 200% of my body weight, how much time should I give?
Critique of my prep for a bikini competition
Getting fatter with weight training
Cycling speed and fitness
Squat for over weight people
Best protocol for self assisted pull-ups?
How to recover from a long break, with proper nutrition?
Does weighlifting have the same benefits as HIIT?
How to increase push ups
Active minutes on Flex
Fitness app that allows recording food consumed by weight and not by volumetric serving?
Increasing muscle/fat ratio while remaining at the same (ish) weight
Vitamins: How much is too much?
How celebrities can shed/gain so much of fat in such short time and abstinence?
Energy intake and expenditure
Risk for Type 2 Diabetes
Does training > 75% MHR benefit aerobic base?
Resistance bands: What do the resistance ranges of "X to Y" pounds mean?
Why does my RHR rise every day after a strength workout?
good eye exercises for all day computer use
Is it harmful not to wear an underwear while running?
How can ballet dancers deal with ingrown toenails?
Workouts don't become easier for me
Do activity trackers count steps when you don't move your arms?
Fix for excessive saliva/mucous during workouts?
Stronglifts Adaptation Questions
Less sleep the night before, in order to sleep more the night after a strength workout
Hit my fat percentage wall, help me out I would give it all
Effects of adjusting set range instead of rep range
Should I wait until my muscles are 100% free of any signal of soreness before training for strength again?
Combining home exercise with limited equipment with gym
Is it correct form to do concentration curls with your arm hanging freely? If not, why does it result in muscles bulging out more?
Should I squat with sore knees?
Bench Press Shirt?
Why do I have to work my lower back?
Effects of not extending arm fully during bicep curl
What is the impact of mycoprotein on muscle development?
Taping the back for good posture
How to further my training without going to a gym?
Do you know a lap timer that 'resets' each lap?
Training advice on long-distance running for a newbie
How many times a week should I deadlift and squat as a beginner?
What rowing machines are best for both cardio and strength training?
How do I make my muscles harder/firmer?
Training for shoveling snow
What is the meaning of: 5 sets of 3, 2, 1 reps?
Hanging knee raise alternative for lower back side effects
What are the benefits of women going panty-less underneath work-out pants?
When bending forward to touch toes, why is bad to bounce?
What can I do for sore nipples?
Tips for powerlifting with a knee injury
Are back bends in yoga bad for someone with high blood pressure?
chicken/turkey/red meat diet
Different in exercises between two 100pushups sites
Do I need to change my work out routine every so often?
Are there any rope strength exercises?
Deadlift form and individual morphometry
Don't feel muscle soreness until after a day
Do I really need climbing shoes for indoor boulder climbing?
Shaking when doing the exercise
Leg extension machine: Calculate calories burned and watt
Is fat gain directly proportional to number of calories consumed for the same substance, or does it taper off.
Does burning calories by running depend only on distance, and not speed?
Auxiliary exercise to help my inverted rows to progress
Why is swimming considered a safe exercise?
How to keep track of muscle vs fat ratio
Music "slows down" during heavy lift?
Belly is becoming larger even though I am on diet
Increasing my cardio
Simple Diet Advice?
Arm Drops During Breath Turn
Should I go run slowly or not at all
Correct form of cuban rotation with a single dumbbell
Gaining strength at constant body weight vs bulking up followed by losing weight
Wendler 5-3-1 without squats
Core stability - how often and long?
Does exercising when only partially recovered benefit your performance in the long run?
What kind of feet do I have?
Is there some formula to calculate body fat % from BMR value?
Increasing ankle (dorsiflexion) mobility
Should I care about Low Testosterone?
Gym effect at evening
Do I need a rest day?
Is it normal to feel very tired, nauseous a few minutes after a workout?
Is my current nutrition enough to support my body building goals?
What do I do when goblet squat weight isnt enough?
Weird work hours and workouts
How to avoid Creatine dependence?
What's this move called in gymnastics?
Rectify different arm strengths?
Serratus anterior exercise
How much do I need to sleep?
Which exercises are ok in days between push ups
You've heard it said, "Lift with your knees, not your back." What in the world is a deadlift, then?
Proper workout and diet plan for busy person
If I were to weigh all the food and water I take in, and weigh all of the human waste I produced could that be used to determine weight gain or loss?
Is there any objective reason for the hatred towards the pulldown machine?
Is the Coach help necessary for achieving our goals in body building or only the avilability of equipment is enough
I'm missing my left leg, What can I do for exercise?
Mixing high intensity and high volume in a single session
Flexibility exercises for better posture
Is cardio really counter-productive to "gains"?
Is doing push-ups every day healthy?
How much time needed to rebuild your body after long pause?
Practical Programming + Couch to 5K - Diet
Is it better to do Barbell Squats with a lower weight or Smith Machine higher weight?
Should a weight trainer assign weight per-set or per-exercise?
What are differences between Emotional and Physical heart rate elevation?
Does the magnitude of your grip on a pullup bar affect how hard or easy it is to do pullups
What is the difference in proper nutrition for different sports?
gym 3 times a week no muscle gain
temporal instantiation of workout function
I have a bit of a tummy. To avoid it getting larger, can I do gym exercises only for my abdomen?
Can anyone provide any evidence that Intermittent fasting (IF) can increase weight/fat loss?
Use of protein shake without working out
Which one of the following types of fat/carb. intake is worse? And why?
Underpronator Runners
Is sweating a necessity for the body or its normal not to sweat after the workout
can i increase my height when i am 18?
Do humans need to exercise more than animals to stay fit?
Losing stomach fat without losing weight
Will taking MassGainer and Creatine risk damage to my body in long run?
Ankle tiredness
Is there a good activity tracker, in terms of calories spent, for skating and cycling?
Upper body workout following a groin pull
how much should I be engaging my glutes during a plank?
Identifying filling foods for cutting / fat loss
How can I fix sloshing while running?
cycle or swim without injury while training hard for a race
Heart rate in crossfit and running
Please revise my workout routine according to my body detail
What's inside a giant gut?
How to maintain evenness of muscles while driving manual car
Doing push ups over a 8-10 hour period
Can't sleep at night after workout
a good diet for a person with high mind activity?
Is there a free heart rate monitor for iPhone 5 that will notify me if I exceed a specific heart rate?
What's a good snack or meal to have before weightlifting?
a complete reference for workout and exercises tips with animated pictures
How come females with less testosterone can be stronger than males with more?
Sample Lifespan IHP USB key file please
How can I make my elderly father exercise regularly?
Cheaper alternative to rogue fitness band?
Why does my max heart rate not go above 140 bpm?
running with a bad knee
Is there a stretching equivalent of the food pyramid?
the speed of a person drinking water and the benefits in variations
Is it good to combine weights, punchbag, and cardio in same workout?
Squatting with dumbbells. Cannot reach parallel. Is it really important?
Is it safe to exercise while in the shower?
Can TaeBo keep my cardio up?
Dry land Training to Supplement Butterfly in Swimming
Do fitter people have higher heart rates while exercising
Does daily consumption of beetroot make you dependent on it for proper production of red blood cells?
squatting barefoot, bad reputation for gym!
Overhand pullups - inner forearms ache but why?
Internal left knee pain causing muscles imbalance
Does green tea causes weight loss or other side effects?
Drinking how much water is considered too much water?
Are there disadvantages of a split routine where everything else is kept the same?
Using heavier weights to focus on form. Bad idea?
Is Creatine illegal in Australia?
Where can I get nutrition information about food?
Arms: Should I alternate target muscle during routine?
15 minute regimen for bulky arms
Fitness tests, is there a consensus on which to use?
Growth hormone and training at night
How long would the training plan from this answer take to get to the level wanted in the question?
Strengthening for performing Head Stand
What is the proper use of the abdominal muscle to reduce injury?
Endurance activities and carbohydrates: when are they needed
Does massage therapy help rebuild and gain muscle faster?
What are some shoulder healthy way to train tricep?
Pyramid training - High to low or low to high
How can you build tolerance to neck muscle strains?
Will doing heavy deadlifts once a week increase muscle size?
Is it theoretically possible to burn fat without any training only based on diet?
Is swimming a good exercise for skinny people
Cat -Cow Stretch
Parkour Basic Landing
is it a bad idea to lift weights if I am feeling too sleepy?
Uneven butt cheeks
Is lactose free chocolate milk still a good recovery drink
Which is more effective for strength gain: a superset or multiple sets?
How Should I Tackle My Routine?
Weight loss and weight lifting
seeking qualified sports medical advice (USA)
Eating before a training session - what do you do to be "light"?
Change my routine to use strength exercises that are also cardio exercises?
Can shoes mask injuries or weaknesses?
Do calories burned for activity include RMR-burned calories?
Is there good scientific evidence on the effectiveness of rest days for building mass?
Exercises for "toughening" rotator cuffs
Guidelines on whey protein, glutamine, creatine, amino acid supplements
slouched shoulders get better when i open my hands
Uneven upper/lower body
Does cardio decrease appetite?
Is rucking (running with weight in backpack) a bad idea?
Exercising in the gym and asthma
What are some of the body weight workouts to do post run?
Pullup progression with muscle-ups as long-term goal
Train biceps while minimizing the stress on the lateral epicondyle
How do you maintain a healthy shoulder?
Is there any advantage to doing flips during big drops in parkour?
Can Ab Exercise Be Done Everyday
how to measure my total fitness?
What is the best combination of muscle groups to workout together?
One body part a day or multiple?
body fat calculation formula for metric values
can we measure our cardiovascular endurance from swimming?
Any tips for getting motivated again?
Bulking up a (relatively) small chest
I'm not sore after doing squats. Am I doing something wrong?
3-Site Skinfold Test Procedure
Sarcoplasmic hypertrophy routine not working
I am a physically disabled person and I want to gain weight
Weight Loss with Hyperthyroidism
Yoga & Weight-Loss
Chronic Hamstring Problem
Does my routine adversely affect me?
Significance of dead body pose in yoga
All activity is the same for weight loss?
Just finished 12-week shortcut to size. What's next?
How can I get taller and be mucular at the same time?
Why does one get a potbelly if one stops working out?
Is weight loss possible without cardio?
Ideal warm up and cool down durations for weight training
Should one keep track of workouts and if so how?
Ear(s) making a muffle sound during high intensity weight training sessions
Training to regain monkey bar ability without hurting shoulders
developing calf and hip flexor flexibility
training without using wrist
Is this machine good for post-run stretching?
Can muscle become "adapted" to one kind of exercise?
running in the mornings
If a gram of protein is used for muscle repair, does it still provide the body with 4 calories?
Leg curl (hamstrings) machine - legs wide or narrow? Or both?
Does it become harder to lose weight as you age?
Does holding weights allow you to run faster?
Pilates breathing and core engagement
Minimum amount of calories while preventing muscle catabolism?
How to calculate calories burned while running
Target the same muscles twice in a day?
NASA's experiment of those who laid in bed for 70 days. What happened to their muscle mass?
How can I improve my heat tolerance, including increasing the amount that I sweat?
How to get back that satisfying chest burn?
Is there any truth to the maxim "cardio kills gains"?
Glucose tablets before weightlifting?
Should I consult a doctor before start drinking protein shakes?
How accurate is the saying that fat loss occurs first in the place it was put on last, and vice versa?
Efficacy of stretch exercises
I'm unable to run because of flat feet. Is there anyway for me to run?
Is 2-hour cardio healthy?
Push-ups at the office, more often or more at once?
Is daily intake of BMR*0.5 healthy?
What's a good strength training program for a beginner?
Strength training and BMR correlation?
Switching from elliptical machine to running on road
What happens if I stop exercising?
Minimum exercise to maintain muscles?
Which exercise program is better for fat loss?
How much running is enough?
Does cardio effect the amount of protein I absorb after a weight lifting session?
Squatting/Deadlifting - Form when adding weight
does garmin connect and the forerunner 920xt offer triathlon plans
Should I take creatine or other suppliments as part of my cardio-boxing workout routine?
BMR VS muscle weight?
Are there benefits of working out slowly?
Running with a bruised knee
Home workouts or gym? Which one is better for adding muscles?
Effects of 0 calorie drinks on weight loss
How hard I should push myself?
Ideal length of a cardio for someone who is losing weight
Exercise at home
Sore back when I increase incline on a treadmill
Carrying 10kg while doing cardio
How does a bosu ball theoretically work for rehabilitation?
Which is the proper technique in overhead press?
Should I keep head in one line with the body?
Is workout necessary for being healthy?
Stretches for long periods of sitting
Is it safe to suddenly add more weight to weighted pull-ups and dips?
forearm during weighted pull-ups and chin-ups
What fitness activities can I do with my partner?
How to deal with aggressive knurling?
What workout and diet can I do with a tear in my meniscus and limited equipment?
Effect of muscular excercise on height growth
If my lower back feels tired after squats, am I doing something wrong?
How much rest time is necessary between intense cardio sessions?
Precise speed measuring gadget with low speed limit?
Assisted PullUp Machine or Inverted Row?
Tricep extensions, stand up or lie down?
Is there a table of effort needed when running uphill and downhill?
Why am I experiencing DOMS in my legs when I'm currently not working out?
Haglund exostosis after one day of bad shoes?
Control weight while preparing for triathlons
Can't run for more than ~1700 ft
I'm trying to build mass, and I had a great upper body workout yesterday, but I only got about an hour and a half of sleep last night
Number of reps for lean muscles
2-day split with weak grip: vertical/horizontal or push/pull?
How much muscle do I need for optimal strength to weight ratio?
Is doing the whole rep range from 3 to 15 reps before adding weight a waste of time?
Good distance for continuous running/jogging for beginners?
What are some safe chest exercise for people with shoulder impingement?
How to get definition in the outer calves
Weight loss after Bankart surgery
Climbing stairs up to 8 story to reduce weight?
leg pain near knee
Cardio exercies are no longer looking beneficial to lose weight
reduce body weight without accurate calorie counts and going to gym
Stretch for Squats muscles
Push-ups: All at once or spread across the day?
Long period one time training or divide it into two times a day
How to implement micro periodization in a routine covering a wide rep spectrum
What physical endurance exercise can I fit into a 5-minute routine without any equipment?
Theory and meaning of the Wilks score?
What is a good (indoors) exercise regiment for a computer scientist?
Doing rotator cuff exercises prior to bench press and shoulder press and any other exercises
Is double-men deadlift or squat or bench-press common?
Which rep range contributes to the most hypertrophy of calves?
Checking Body width
is there an app which has running speed goal, measures speed, gives audio feedback?
P90x nutrition guide
Wrist pain with UHG deadlifts and fat grip pullups
What is an ideal visceral fat percentage?
How scientific are the Prilepin tables?
How to Strengthen Legs at Home
How to improve my speed?
How to increase BMR by 100%?
Training with a stitch is good or bad?
Seemingly useless workout
Is casein a better choice for people with limited recovery ability?
Can weighted pull-up and dips lead to lower back problems?
Adapting to exercise
Can being hit with a tennis ball on the eye lead to pain in the ear and head?
What are some exercises that let me sit properly?
Alternating muscle groups
How can the CNS possibly need recovery after a strength workout?
Is this overtraining?
Yoga for Muscle Gain?
Things to do during rest days
Is there any benefit to dumbbell flys on a flat bench vs dumbbell flys on an incline bench?
How many sessions of planks should I do a day?
Why can't I extend forearm after working out?
What happens to people who are sitting 8-10h per day?
Is it better to overload weights on pushups or bench press for healthy shoulders?
How many days should I run
Shrugs - To roll or not to roll?
Can you gain strength in your legs with bodyweight squats only?
How do male gymnasts train in order to get muscular?
Techniques to reduce elbow pain during back day
What are side effects of excessive kefir usage?
Specific exercises to cure anxiety
Meditation (Relaxation or breathing exercises) after exercise - Is it a good practice?
Can dehydration really lower our resting metabolic rate?
Pilates: Trouble sitting with legs straight. How should I adapt the exercises?
Exercises to improve mental & cognitive skills?
Increase cardio for a heavyweight MMA fighter?
Will this be 'Overtraining'?
Is there any benefit to Touch-and-Go Deadlifts?
Loss of Appetite since exercise
What's the scientific name of the "cracking" sounds when someone stretches or gets hard massage on the back muscles?
How to exercise for kyphosis?
When to start working front muscles for a person with kyphosis?
How to keep flexibility with weight training?
Should I rest completely or just tone it down?
How Can I avoid cramps in the thighs during leg raises?
What is a suitable gym routine for woman to achieve a toned body?
Exercise for proper blood circulation to brain
Confusion regarding barbells
How to keep full face
Stronglifts 5x5: Is it that important to keep a ratio of different weights lifted in different exercises?
Lower body fat problem
Is it safe to do light Plyometrics even though lower calves are sore
Does Weight Gaining Workout Stunt Growth?
Why Does Heavy Workout Make Me Want to Wear Sweater
Advanced High Frequency Training
Why replenish glycogen after a workout?
Is the Insanity Workout worth it?
If my heart keeps pounding for one hour, will this help aid weight loss?
Is it okay to eat after exercising?
Suggestions for workout to build muscle fast after suffering from bad wrist injury?
Lesser evil when it comes to snacks: sweet vs salty
Pain in Right Deltoid With Certain Exercise
Basic compound lift based workout composition and scheduling
Increasing resistance vs increasing speed?
Most accurate home body fat test?
Exercising Twice a Day
Is there a correct way to breathe
What's a good exercise regime for when traveling/vacationing/etc.?
Do I need to switch up my squat stance?
Is there an alternative to using an iPhone armband?
Tips to improve frailty and an easily injured body?
Why can't I lose weight?
Workout Suggestions for a 260lbs person that wont cause serious injury on the joints
Pilates mat vs reformer ? which is better?
How to find someone that can direct my training to a safe path, what is the name of such profession and where should I look?
Skinny body and strong power simultaneously?
Cause of hunger: thinking or enjoyment?
how can i give a proper shape or growth to my body
Olympic lifting, where to start?
Should skinny guys go to gym for getting better body?
Leg pain after exercises
Calculate burned calories (Running) without heart rate
How often should I do Calisthenic workouts?
Optimal cadence for endurance running
Is the optimal cadence for racing the same as for conditioning?
What is the missing metric to this graph: days/week exercised -vs ______?
How do I avoid tightening my butt muscles while doing my core exercises?
Difficulty Maintaining Activation of Hamstrings After PCL Tear
Lower back pain due to ab workout
What exercises can someone with Ligamentous laxity do for supple and strong muscles
How do I fix skinny biceps?
Focus on body part hard on one day, or spread it over multiple days?
Breathing during abs workout (Weider 6)
Walking very fast for 30 minutes, twice a day. In which measure is that "aerobic exercise"?
Exercise newbie: Pushups?
presistent cramps for months
Frequency of shoulder rehabilitation exercises
I lost wight a lot but my waist size is exactly the same! Why?
Whey protein recommendation
What's the difference between cable seated rows on a pulley, and using the seated row machine?
What is the most efficient way to take in calories during a run?
Taking body muscle to next level
Will training for size increase my strength?
How reliable is this study for the relationship between heart rate and calories burned?
Are stretch marks normal?
What is the best exercise to increase the size of my chest muscles?
What are some abdominal exercises for a person with lack of a left iliac crest, left gluteal muscles, and scoliosis?
Mysterious body mass gain: could it be water storage due to heat adaption?
Are there any disadvantages, besides discomfort, to letting water enter your nose?
Workout effectiveness
Is it better to reschedule workout than skip it?
What should be the volume and intensity of a posture workout program?
Alternative calf exercises
Best reference material or app for creating a workout regimine to loose weight?
Skipping ahead on stronglift
Gaining internal hip rotation good for touching toes?
New to fitness. Joined Gym. Trainer is always busy. What do I do?
Breathless after 50m front crawl
Why does my whey protein make me feel so awful?
What are the benefits or drawbacks of full sit ups vs crunches?
How far can you get in an ultra before you go from jogging to running?
please help me i am suffering from fat chest!
Lower back pain Deadlifts
What can I do to improve my eating and exercise habits, in order to be more healthy?
beginning crossfit guidance
Deadlifts and Foam Rolling
How does solubility of whey protein correlate to its effectiveness?
Taking supplements - Glutamine, brown rice protein, creatine
Physical Activity and METS
Does a high proteine intake support the reduction of body fat?
Confused on Order of Circuit Workout
Legs training program
weight loss metabolism boost and muscle gain
burning legs fat and avoiding Slouch
Some questions about the deadlift
I am bulky although my diet is healthy(at least i think it is healthy)
how to increase my shoulder width ? is it possible?
What are the target muscles of kettlebell swings
Crossfit without olympic weights at home gym
Decrease calf size
Are the 7-Minute Workouts effective? (What are your preferred apps?)
Squats & Oats,Diet, and muscle mass
Leg Muscle pain while running on treadmill
What is the cheapest protein source?
Smaller size while lifting more
Difficulty to eat healthy food and weight loss
Improve my "Crossfit" regime?
Gym, meditation and studying
How to tighten abs while working out
Muscle groups for different exercises
Struggling with barbell row and overhead press - StrongLift
Will a blocked nose affect my ability to breathe during swimming?
Why can't I keep water out of my nose and throat while swimming?
Would this work for a teen looking to get lean?
When can one say one has learnt swimming?
Does a runner automatically slow down when your body's water content is lower than normal?
how to calculate calorie from pedometer?
Summer running is slow. Am I getting slower because of this?
Fitness app advice?
How much and why will my muscle mass slow me down in the different running categories?
meal after late workout
What exercises can help my slightly concaved chest?
How can I train for a marathon with a damaged toe?
What's the deal with arch support?
Trying to stop being skinny and gain muscle
Is it safe to run with thunder storms overhead in an overcast sky when you live near saltwater?
Android app for fat people
Regaining lost strength and muscles
What are good books on general exercise principles?
An equipment-free exercise for triceps / chest without pressue on the wrist
Testosterone causes anabolism?
I can't perform a single pull-up
How to hit prescribed reps in last sets?
Will 5x5 build strength and size?
Intermittent fasting and body building. Do they work together?
Cannot lose weight
warming up to increase splits
Calculating calories for weighted treadmill wlaking
Food a vegan should eat after weight lifting that is intended to build mass muscle?
Is Strava overestimating my calories burned from walking?
Is it true that swimming helps with sore muscles?
Fitness schedule to get in good shape, 27, overweight
What is this seemingly random value when working out calories burned?
Why milk is not vegan?
Food a vegan should eat after weight lifting that is intended to build mass muscle?
Iam a lean guy I want to gain weight
I am 13 and looking for a good work
Technique Improvement for StrongLifts [Form Check]
Strengthening and conditioning to improve flips
Good exercises for lower pecs without weights
How to reduce fatigue at the gym
Hemoglobin levels and cardio capacity
Speed, Endurance, Pace off the Mark
How do you keep yourself from being hungry all the time and snacking?
Getting into shape without becoming a body builder
What are the advantages/disadvantages of Complete Sets vs. Interval Training?
Body Composition Analyzer - How to calculate the fitness score?
How to adapt couch to 5k for treadmill?
Taking time off work to weight lift
Good shoes for knee pain
Will Pilates kill my gains?
Holding on to a bar (a horizontal pull up one obviously) thicker
Rotator cuff exercises not intended to build muscle?
Exercising assisting muscle then main muscle day after day?
Pain after squats (sprain?)
Deadlift - weight & reps too light & too many?
Weightlifting exercise that builds biceps and triceps?
How to get taller?
Trying to achieve thicker biceps using TRX and dumbbell curls
Breathing during running
Should I train all exercises in a muscle group sequentially?
RDL vs Stiff Deadlift
Securing feet in an indoor rowing machine
Absolute beginner : dumbbells and incline bench
How do I improve my tracking while flipping?
Calories consumed on workout days vs. off days
What causes fatigue and light head when running?
Combining body building and grappling
Elbow grinding sensation after starting workout
Can you calculate % of V02 max at which you're working using pulse ox readings?
bent over barbell row biceps usage
What could be causing the pain in my shoulder during chest presses and pull-downs?
Does recommence of high intensity training has influence on resting HR?
How can I quickly build muscle and slowly lose fat?
What are these types of "crunches" called and details about them? And are they harmful?
What is meant by 'frequency', ' volume', and 'intensity'?
Lat Pulldown vs. Pullups for back strength and bicep development
What is this part of the knee?
Homemade Mass/Protein Blend
Where should I buy dumbbells weights/bar from
Exercise ideas for 400 pound double leg amputee
Workout Frequency and Tempo for Bodybuilding?
workout program for weight increase
Is it time for me to get serious about losing weight? (pics)
Training schedule for 10KM running
Combining different muscle groups
Will biking 5 miles 5 days a week shrink or strengthen my leg muscles?
Will this workout build strong muscles for an intermediate bodybuilder?
Max reps, boredom and carpet-burn
Thumbs up push ups muscles worked
Womans Abdominal issues
Should you really work on your legs the most?
Physical exercise or weight training for Burning extra fats on cheek,neck and belly?
What kind of swimming exercises can I do to loose fat, improve my endurance and breath capacity?
How do I get over this hip flexor strain?
Can I do bicep curls with a sore shoulder?
Would I gain from this?
Are tricep overhead extensions shoulder healthy?
Need some foods or fruits recommendation for before and after gym workout
Kettlebell hurting my wrist
My left arm is much much stronger than my right!
Is having a cold shower right after squatting a risk to the health?
Skateboarding vs rollerblading
Why is it hard to slow down or speed up in the second half of a long run?
Bodyweight increased, but I'm getting strange measurements
Can one with a poor diet gain muscle if they work out?
Calculating portions of protein And carbs
will cardio compromise mass if I'm in a caloric surplus?
Deadlifts - should my legs ache?
Help with obtaining torso abs
Does it affect one's stamina to take a long break from gym?
Lack of confidence starting new routines at gym
How to build cannonball delts without using roids?
Will dumbbell rows cause back problems?
Muscular guy built up calves of steel by carrying buckets of water up and down stairs at state prison?
Will eating lots of eggs and peanut butter, and drinking a lot of milk help bulk you?
Is it dangerous to run fast on the treadmill?
How often should one serious about bodybuilding have a cave day?
How to create a workout routine based on the goal physique?
Is it okay to swim in the middle of a lake?
Will doing 60,000 arm circles in a day cap your delts?
Do we use large or small muscles when keeping our knees unlocked?
Working out at the playground?
Does sexual arousal really release testerone?
hamstring pull when bench pressing
Does someone lose muscle if they don't exercise?
Marathon training plan for my level of fitness?
Why is there a vein on my left bicep but not one on my right bicep?
Rumble Roller question
Why do so many guys deny their lower body?
How to maintain shredded abs while bulking up?
I am sweating while lifting?
How to do standing military press without damaging back?
Determine weaker muscle group
Why do I feel my arms burn after doing a lot of push ups?
Can occasional intervals of physical exercise increase focus and therefore intelligence?
Feeling my chest being built during dips?
Deadlifts are tiring me out faster than squats and bench press?
Exercises for glutes?
Will chin ups hit my lats or biceps more?
How do I prepare for a 10K in one week's time?
Is sleep actually vital to muscle growth?
Does electric muscle stimulation help with sprains or strains?
Equipment for deadlifts with arm injury
Do I have to put separate attention toward my arms?
Knee Injury Recovery (possibly MCL)
Will this be enough to make me fit
How often should I go bouldering (including a little core strength training)
What are health benefits of eating vegetable salad with some portion of chicken daily?
Need a solution to help keep my run training program going!
How to avoid back pain when you are older?
Whats the real impact on running while training due to weather?
Whats the ideal temperature for running in high humidity?
Are barbells really more beneficial than dumbbells?
Recommendations for a new beginner training program
Feeling bad after a long run
108 Surya Namaskar - What are they counting
My legs are more sore than they've ever been?
How to choose between single set or double set?
Improvements to a Size and Strength Meal Plan
Workout buddy deadlifts 1200?
Does having abnormally low IGF-1 levels affect my ability to gain muscle mass?
How do I get perfect chest shape for men?
Is this a plausible cutting/bulking proposal?
How significant is the difference between running on a sidewalk vs a paved road?
As in winter we naturally increase our calorie burn, is this the best season for weight loss?
Should I do additional cardio?
straps and exercising with callus
advices needed for building more muscle while decreasing body fat percentage
Push/Pull/Squat vs Brosplit
Suggestions for strength workouts DVDs
Should I perform exercises in full range of motion if my goal is to build muscle
How should I work out if I cannot eat enough calories?
Is it necessary to alternate the mixed grip for deadlifts?
It is possible to achieve low body fat % without cardio?
How much harder is it to burn calories in hot weather?
What is meant by the assertion that high repetitions of pushups do not build strength?
Lose weight: run small everyday or long once in a week?
Calf cramps after swimming - pain persisting 2 days later
Will barbell squats really strengthen back/deltoid/traps muscles?
What is the physiological mechanism of 'gaining stamina' for a particular exercise
How much weight lifting will require me to eat protein supplements?
Core training on "rest" days
I bench and squat way more than what I deadlift?
Should I push through and keep lifting if my knee and wrist are giving mild pain?
Are protein supplements used outside of bodybuilding?
the right excerise progragram for me?
How long someone can stay awake?
Gym for a 14 year old?
Push Ups vs Machines
Calculate how many pounds to lose from BMI
Pinky finger movement affected by lifting weights?
How long until a new workout/diet is assessed?
Shoulder feels sore/strained after 10 sets of 10 on Bench Press?
Should I include lightweight in my workout if I have an endurance based goal?
In which case I would feel better?
Is this a proper training schedule for best results?
When is 5x5 deadlifts too much volume?
Workout using only dumbbells to burn fat and build muscles?
Do explosive movements necessarily lead to injury over time?
Under What Conditions Will Muscles End Up Weaker After Work Out?
Not losing weight if exercising everyday
is it healthy to run everyday at least 5 km when overweight?
Treatment for pain in fingers after workout
the gristle in my knee after torn PCL
Squats technique flat feet
Is it okay to take a one week break from the gym after the first one and a half months of training?
Are chin ups or pull ups more beneficial?
Barbell position during squats
Need help dropping body fat to 8-12%?
Weight-gain through Protein shakes
What does it mean if I burn more calories than I intake?
Weights after a broken Collar Bone
Stomach muscles burn after doing crunches?
Weight training with barbell against two kettlebells
How does a layperson measure the effectiveness of a strength building program?
Workouts on a hurt toe?
Looking for a mobile app that can help me coordinate my workout with my personal trainer
Exercise to isolate the leg stability muscles used when walking backwards
sit-ups form: difference between straight back/shoulders back, vs. hunched
Will incline press target shoulders more than chest?
Effects of doing many push ups, pull ups, dips?
Is it safe to bench press another person?
Dangers of attempted self-correction of foot weight distribution issue?
What kind of exercises can I do to strengthen my back?
How can I effectively decrease my heart rate (during and after exercise)?
Is Freeletics a good way to start doing exercise?
effects of sweating while working out
How to start with distance running
How useful is to drink an isotonic drink after a short running session?
Difference on reps?
Max lifting weight recommended for teenagers
What type of push ups benefit muscle up?
Shortage of breath - is this a sign of overtraining
5x5 Workout Plan becomes ineffective?
Why are deadlifts so much more taxing than other workouts (say squats)?
How do I know if I'm fit for triathlon?
Suggestions on vitamin c supplements
What are some objective metrics to assess functional fitness?
What exercises could help me to gain elasticity?
Bent over barbell row lower back pain
Program Feedback
Potential side effects of Alli & other 'weight aid' pills
I am a boy in my 20's. I m very thin and want to increase body fat ..?
Plantar Fasciitis help
how to decrease lower body fats,?
Train for strength or hypertrophy?
How to maintain push ups training
60 push ups at once? or 4 series of 15?
Would you recommend graston technique for achilles tendonosis?
Max HR lower than others, what does it mean?
Wide-grip pull ups or bent over rows for correcting computer posture?
Quarterback training?
Should I start taking supplements other than my protein?
Is It Rational To Weigh Yourself While Exercising?
Is it Necessary to Make Noise While Deadlifting Or Wear A Belt
What kind of Weight Training should my 15 year old Son be Doing if he is on the Cross Country Team?
Gym Management Software
Everytime I workout my chest my shoulder do all the work
How should i train for strength with very minimal size increase
Why I never feel DOMS on my abs?
Workout routine on caloric deficit
Skinny with a lot of visceral fat - how should I exercise?
Is it normal to have a belly when I relax?
Why include sprint workouts in a training program focused on long distance?
5000 Calories to build muscle? Or to bulk?
How can I fully train my calves?
Is running 20km or more each weekend too much?
What's the importance of cardio in bulking phase?
Physical Fitness standards for 19 year old male?
Fixed weight exercise - effects over time (going from low to high reps)?
Calorie intake vs. Number of meals a day
build muscle directly or grow fat first?
Playing squash, but overweight, what I should watch out for?
severe pain after squats
How to prepare to run X km in Y minutes?
Jogging beginner
Bench press grip, thumb placement
How to lose weight faster through running
Are calories burned affected by just work done, or also heartrate, weight, age, etc?
Battle Rope Workouts
will i face any problems on body building
Should you do more than one exercise per set?
When should I focus on reps?
Best alternatives to whey?
"Healthy Weight" Calculation
How to decrease Lower Belly after Delivery?
How long should a muscle building session last?
Are running track lap distances standard? What are they?
Dealing with sweat and earbuds
How to avoid your muscles from showing?
Exercise Bike vs. "Real Bike"
What are the benefits of performing the full motion of the exercise as opposed to holding it part way through?
What do I need to incorporate into my exercise regime to have an as complete schedule as possible?
Aerobic Chest exercises
What else should I eat besides my post workout shake?
Weight change but clothes still fit
Losing Chest Area Fat
How can you test/measure muscular speed?
Push ups-Wrist strain?
Is soreness after every single work out good? Or is that a sign of too much strain?
How to avoid calf activation in isolation leg curls/extensions?
How come females with as much testosterone, all other things being equal, are still considerably weaker than males?
Will the push/pull machine at the gym cause imbalance?
How to widen the upper body (make distance between shoulders slightly higher)?
Minimum sleep time to segregate growth hormones
Running before bedtime
Become more flexible through strength training?
Where to store the chalk (magnesium carbonate) when training parkour?
Upper leg getting too big
I have lost 3kg in 5 days is this bad?
Is my workout complete?
Ways to burn major calories without building muscle
What workout routine is the most optimal for my situation?
Is calorific deficit sufficient to reduce body fat percentage, or do dietary details play a part?
Whey Protein Digestion rate? Am I wasting my protein?
What exercises are best for keeping firm/nonsaggy pectorals?
How to best train for rock climbing
Best way to lose stomach fat
Palms hurt when I do pull ups or chin ups
Consequences of taking a break from training
How do I increase my flat barbell bench press?
Feel dizzy while doing crunches
Are any treadmills designed to slow down safely in the event of power loss?
Too high pulse while running
Is consuming glucose during workouts detrimental to weight loss?
Differences between low intensity and high intensity cardios
Preservatives in food = preservatives in my fat cells?
Pain on Inside of Elbow after light impact
How to prevent immune system from weakening if you are training multiple hours a day all week?
Will deadlifts build bicep muscles?
Why do abdominal exercises have so many reps when hypertrophy exercises are limited to 12 at most?
Can a lifter's overall "beginner gains" be exhausted by a particular lift?
Blurred vision after exercising
After running 10 or more minutes at my 5K pace my breathing gets VERY wheezy
Shoulders getting swole/big/broader
losse tummy fat and side fats
How to lose 10 kg for a 15 year old girl
How to train "doing multiple things at a time" (coordination)
Significant Benefits from using pre-workout?
Breaking Microtears by flexing?
What current race distance and time should I use for creating a workout plan?
What are the differences between running with a weighted belt and weighted ankles?
How to strengthen bicycling muscles without bicycling?
Using only one arm/leg on machines?
Breathing rules while doing push ups
What are some training types that strengthen getting up muscles?
Power Cleans; They benefit my back?
How can I train legs when I have hip dysplasia?
Does going to the gym negatively impact growth in height?
You're as big and strong as you want: how to just maintain?
How to properly do dips?
Bar bell position when coming down during deadlift
Integrating Olympic lifting exercises into Strong Lifts
Optimal exercise for reducing inflammation markers
What is a muscle knot?
Predicted 1RM accuracy
Do energy Gels help in long Tennis matches
Relation between grip strength and power output
Body building workout equivalent to Starting Strength?
Bench press - arm position
Bench press - shoulders down and back
Can Starting Strength be made faster?
Bench press - unracking bar bell
Starting Strength, time to move on?
Working too hard
evidence based 'how to squat guide' and gym more generally
Can HIIT be done at a lower resistance?
How much coffee is too much if I'm lifting/dieting
Triceps exercises that don't put much pressure on the elbow joints
combining crossfit with stronglifts - both scheduling and weight intensity
What kind of food can help someone gain weight easily but also would be easy to lose
Thickness of gymnastics rings
Nutrition during rock climbing workouts
How should I structure my runs if I live in a particularly hilly area?
How can you gain weight quickly?
Train full body in two days for four days straight
XC Skiing as Cross Training for Running
How can I learn to deadlift with proper form at home?
Faced with an enormous Performance Dip
Am I eating enough for a bulk?
Deadlift form with less than 45 lb plates?
No visible results, can anyone help?
After strenuous exercise, can my heart rate stay elevated even while sleeping?
What healthy foods won't effect my cardio
How can I get a feminine body?
Resistance bands
Wendler 5/3/1: cut or not to cut?
Quitting Body building or weight trainning
Why Doms again?
Looking for weight lifting program for person with joint problems
Do programs from books like You Are Your Own Gym and Your Body Is Your Barbell work?
should a static shoulder hold feel sore after?
Steady state interval vs high intensity interval for running endurance
What exercises can improve my squat depth? I'm limited by how far my knees go over my toes
Routine work-out suggestions
Will climbing (bouldering) with the right amount of calories build muscle?
Fried eggs and boiled eggs, which is better for muscle build up?
Safe use of minitramp to develop hip and lower leg/for mobility in older deconditioned subjects
How do I Gain weight?
Why isn't barefoot squatting recommended?
Contribution of swimming to basic endurance
Would Training with same volume on cutting phase as on bulking result in loss of muscle?
What are the implications of diminishing levels of soreness in Delayed Onset Muscle Soreness (DOMS)?
Do wee need to wear underwear while doing skipping exercise?
Can you built back muscles you have lost?
Is Creatine bad for you?
Am I doing the right amount of volume for biceps?
Is it true, that Creatine doesn't dissolve easily in our body?
How to build my quads at home?
Why am I not losing weight?
Why am I not loosing weight doing intermittent fasting?
Why do I consume so much air?
As a cricketer what kind of Exercise i should be avoiding working out in the gym?
Safe way to train for the front and back flip?
Tennis complementary exercises?
Should the calves be tense when standing still?
Does running on sand cause injury to the knee joints?
Barbell "hip press" for pecs - viable exercise?
How to lose fat without losing muscle?
How can I prevent a slipped disk?
Are bigger AB wheels better?
Multi-workout sports programme?
Is it realistic to go for a goal of pressing your bodyweight on dumbell shoulder presses?
Is this diet right for bulking up?
Why do many parkour practitioners wear oversized pants?
Workout plans for cutting
Mixing Whey + BCAA + Glutamine
Why can't I do barbell curls?
New to running, beginner questions
Is warmup before lifting really necessary in real world outside the gym?
Is HIIT healthy practiced long term?
Should i be supplementing my protein intake as a runner?
I am not gaining body weight and I am now 23 years old
Why can't i do pull ups And Why i feel loss of hearing after push ups?
Is 45 minutes after working out already too late for restocking on protein and carbs?
Should I be worried about my fitness in old age?
Lifting with minimal extension
Normative ratio between squat and lunge?
Helping a preschooler overcome fear and encourage trust
Focussing on burning calories and six pack abs and an overall change
Breaking plateau on grease-the-groove chin-ups
Why am I not seeing any change in body composition or weight?
Weight Loss without the gym
If you can't flexed-arm hang, are you necessarily cheating on your pull-ups?
Bend knees when stretching hamstrings?
I can only do body weight squats with proper form - how to compensate?
How do I overcome fear of open water swimming?
Regain fitness for basketball after a long layoff
What movements differ between the appearance of running casual and running fast?
Kickboxing workout structure
How to create a good personalized bodyweight workout plan
Sprinter but now want to take part in marathon
Pelvis position when doing leg front stretching and free flow of blood in the vessels
Not getting stronger at standing dumbell overhead press
How do you make progress in two different pressing exercises at once?
Did walking & stretching on my rest day made my lower back sore?
What if I don't get DOMS, not enough workout?
Max heart rate: is it bad to train in Zone 5 for 30 mins?
Should marathon races be done at an even pace throughout or at a constant effort?
Smoking marijuana while working out?
How can I get used to running above my lactate threshold and get better at middle distance running?
Does your weight have "momentum"
Separate carbs and fat in a meal?
Climbing the stairs in digitigrade fashion - less efficient, harmful?
Feeling and Looking Young
popping shoulders
Can I avoid Squating by doing sumo deadlifts
Is there a minimum intensity a strength program needs (payoff=0 below that threshold)?
Mileage increase after marathon
Is it safe to lift after a bout of insomnia?
How do calories per distance vary with speed: walking, running, and sprinting?
Should I not eat before sleeping even If I workout in evening?
Do isometric exercises decrease flexibility?
Toenail injury playing soccer
Would you recommended supplements for the average Joe/Jane?
Standard names of common gym exercises
About categories of bodybuilding exercises and their "opposites"
Routine for a fairly inactive person with a really bad knee and ankle
Cardio/Circuit training post workout
Adding 1 kg on dumbell on only one side
No-equipment substitutes for Chair Step and Chair-assisted Triceps Dip exercises
Nombres standard de ejercicios fisicos de gimnasio
Dumbbell exercise
What's the difference between eating 2000 Calories at once compared to eating 4 times a day at 500 Calories?
A 2900-3200 Calories/Day Plan for Weight Loss?
Dumbell routine issue
What do I do about quadricep pain?
Breathe with mouth open while jogging and running?
Cardio at training days or not?
Difference between curls with dumbbells and barbells when bicep curling
Do mussels contain creatine?
Does having little triceps muscle affect chest excercise?
Best routines to build muscle mass
Bodyweight Squats v. Barbell Squats for Calf Development/Involvement?
Stretching while cold, with no intent to exercise: any benefit?
Is there a difference between hydraulic rowing machines and pulley rowing machines?
Differences between workout routine approaches
Going to gym every day when I have very low physical activity
Difference between one month of calisthenics, and one month gym training
Preventing upper back from rounding while squatting
Should you supplement magnesium as an athlete when you eat low-carb, high-protein?
I run 7 miles in around 40 mins, is this good? Any tips to improve?
Calf raises to failure and numbness
Help for substitute of a gym device
How can proper form be determined?
My buddy benched 450, is this possible with no steroids?
Integrating additional abdominal workouts into StrongLifts program?
How do you use a wobble board for strengthening core muscles
Should beginners be doing Rounded Back Deadlifts in a beginner strength training program?
Same style in swimming or alternate it?
Staying strong and fit in prison?
Could I do a 1-series split exercise workout routine?
What exercises will help me open jars?
Is this routine okay for muscle building and strength
When doing HIIT, should one be aiming for maximal effort, or maximal effort that can be supported over the time period?
Hallucinating Smells
Including full non-lifting body workouts
Powerballs are real training tool?
Benefits of increasing treadmill elevation while running?
Is high protein intake necessary for building strength when you don't want to add muscle?
Suggest better workout schedule to get ripped body
Why cant I do any situps without someone holding my feet
Any way to reduce carb effects?
Which gait is more healthy?
I'm 16,120lbs 5'6. How do I get more muscle and get stronger as well?
Best online program for fat loss
How should I stay motivated every time I have a workout session?
Drinking water too close to bed time
Suggested Diet. Is my personal trainer trying to kill me?
Is it feasible to train for a marathon in 15 weeks? I've just run a 1:55 half-marathon with no training
Possible training approach while in holidays
Is Hypertrophy-Specific-Training Enough to Maintain Maximal Strength Levels?
How to build a decent muscular ripped physique at home by using only bodyweight exercises?
How often and how long should yoga be practiced for optimal health benefit?
Deadlift: Does it count as a set if you stand up after each repetition?
How far can you go with eccentric body exercises?
Dumbbell effectiveness
Why does a closed width bench press hurt more than a wide width bench press?
How to do overloaded closed-kinesthetic-chain pushups without a spotter?
General stretches for a group of dancers?
Fitness measurement for appropriate heights?
what device will give a history of heart rate (not just current indicator) by the minute
Stronglifts 5x5 or Pure Chest workout?
Front lateral raise from deadlift position
Exercises to alleviate shoulder cramp
Looking for iOS (runners) app for tracking GPS & heart frequency WHILE keeping data truly private?
In PPL why is twice the amount of sessions dedicated to the smaller limbs?
Identify the muscle group associated with back rounding and straightening
Can exercises such as squats, lunges and push-ups replace running and jogging to lose fat?
Conflicting advice regarding sets and repetitions including progressive overload
When to start weighted pullups?
Re-Evaluating Routine: Likely A/B --> A/B/C split
Best exercises to improve cardiovascular system in relation to calorie spent?
Difficulty losing inches
Scapular contraction: should I always do it?
Can ab wheel replace crunches?
Does loading and unloading weight help build muscle, lose fat and develop strength?
Back pain and stiffness if not working out regularly
Immersion Pressure Healing for Post-Exercise Soreness
How to use less upper back in weighted machine rows?
Failure in ladder exercises - Am I misunderstanding rest periods?
Why do my legs burn when I go for a walk?
How to use less abs/core in this exercise?
Cardio or Strength training?
Incline Presses and Flyes for squarer chest
Efficacy of pilates for fixing 'computer posture'
Can anyone please suggest a decent online community to keep track of daily fitness?
Why exhale when using strength?
Plateau on weighted pullups
Can you do a lot of cardio to lose weight but keep your muscle mass?
Would only doing exercises on a regular basis, without worry about anything else, help grow muscle?
How to lose fat on inner, upper thighs?
Is it ok, if i put my leg up on the bench while bench press
Exercise for office worker who spend most of the day sitting
cycling 10km everyday for fitness and weightloss
Treadmill running shoes recommendation
Gym has max 30 kgs dumbbells; how to progress?
How did I lose weight now?
What core strengthening exercises put the least pressure on the lower back?
Supersets vs Exercise to failure
Olympic Squat Mobility
Very overweight person trying to get fit
What is Olympic dumbbell?
When to start lifting after sprained ankle?
I really just want to cut and lose weight, while lifting, what should my expectations be?
What's the best way to increase bicep size and endurance
Between barbell and dumbbell?
Is there a simple program that I don't have to look up at all?
Should Let-Me-Ins be affecting my legs this much?
Complete and minimal flexibility workout?
Shrug the traps in Overhead Press?
Exercises that don't involve forearms
Is it good for training upper and lower abs in alternative days?
Does training of some major muscles groups enhance overall muscle growth?
How can I do a recomp?
More sets with smaller weight vs. more reps with higher weight
Pain in knees, quadriceps, ankle on jogging
Max heart rate over 190 at 51
When I stretch my hamstrings, what is the feeling behind my knee?
Locker room procedure
Are protein powders unhealthy for a teen athlete?
Can I increase strength without lifting more weight?
Why do carbs make you lose focus during your workout?
how to use supplement nutrition?
How to keep your feet from heating up during your run
Can one get ripped by just playing a/some sport(s)?
Is there a correct way to run?
Exercises/Self-massage with shoulder pain
counting total calories intake more than
Stop training while fasting for keto?
Weakness in shoulder a few days after archery. Why did I get weaker why?
How close to accurate is a HR sensor for calorie burn?
What are the functional effects of hypertrophy?
What exercise to perform at the gym to be able to perform muscle ups?
Warm-up for weight lifting: cardio or smaller weight reps?
Trying to get in shape
How can I motivate myself if I am feeling bored of running?
Reducing side plank stress on arms
climbing 8 floor stairs daily is it a good practice
Recovery lifestyle such as training scheduling and dieting for gluten-intolerant endurance runner?
No more gym, what to do?
Abdominal Apron variance 3" at base on left while 1.5" on the right. Exercise Regimen to equalize
Are there two or four movements for each rep of a Single-Leg Romanian deadlift?
What is the basic definition of cardiovascular exercise?
Thighs and calfs never sore after the workout
Is consuming maltodextrin a good idea for replenishing energy between games?
Stretch marks from training
Does Intermittent fasting increase growth hormone secretion without negating strength gain benefits?
Exercises to strengthen muscles, ligaments, and tendons around the knee
Gym routine with Tennis
How can you determine each running heart rate zone using data from your runs or from specifically designed workouts?
Is walking a warm up?
CISSN vs ISSN-SNS
cant do pushups or pull ups. please help me
What's a good 30 yard time?
Why can't I lift the same heavy weight as last time for the first reps
Should I jump rope even though I suffer from flat feet?
Can I passively do anything to fix an anterior pelvic tilt?
Excess fat around jawline and hips
How to increase muscles for a pull-up
Resting muscle groups within one session
Using packing peanuts to fill a punching bag?
Would lose skin tighten in the same amount of time it takes to lose weight the slow way?
Preventing Hernia During Major Lifts
Throwing punches while running
How do you train for multiple aptitudes?
Exercise that loads hamstring whilst reaching its peak ROM?
Food to take in before jogging
50 pushups as soon as waking up
Exercise watches that can monitor irregular heart beats
Do Sauna belts really help in losing belly, hips, and buttocks fat?
Shoulder discomfort after starting StrongLifts
Can the Vivosmart HR and a chest strap be used simultaneously with Garmin Connect software?
Plan to get Crossfit for (relatively) young male who hasn't worked out in over a year?
My trainer insists on stretching before any exercise, even warming up. Should I be worried?
What is a reasonable schedule for increasing flexibility?
What type of walking for the breaks in C25K?
Weight loss does not seem to follow my calculations
I lost 5 kgs in first 3 months of gym but now i am stuck
Why does one lose weight even after stopping exercise for short time durations
Kettlercise, calories burnt
How to mitigate damage from running on concrete
Squats & Lunges above parallel - is there any benefit?
At what point does the improvement from increasing weekly mileage become marginal?
What will be best breakfast post 10K runs?
Am I ready for a long trip in bicycle?
Is it helpful in losing weight when running with jackets on in summer
Is my cardio session good for losing body fat?
Squat Replacement While Rehabing Ankle
What is the importance of being focused during exercise?
Why are my legs still sore/untested?
How to safely release the bar in the power rack when doing squats?
Walking my way to FATness?
Is working on the same set of muscles in a day a sound advice for muscle building, what is the scientific reasoning behind it?
Using a resistance band to work the upper back -- not working
My biceps becomes stiff after one workout. How do I fix this?
Chest/Abs training for a thin young man (4 times for 6 months)
Would riding kick scooter wear out your shoes?
Fatigue and brain fog after weight lifting
I have a normal body but fat belly. How to get rid of it?
How to get rid of belly fat for a Skinny-Fat person
Is it really wrong to eat immediately after a weight loss workout?
Determining cause of, and counteracting, anterior pelvic tilt
Why is my weight-gain supplement causing unexpected abdomen growth?
Should I continue other exercises while dealing with sore hamstrings?
Any Yoga routine for Skinny Guys to Gain Muscles?
'Knees out' cue with front squat - could this be a source of minor knee pain?
Calories vs Carbs
What are the best exercises for very skinny hands (not arms) that need muscle and fat?
Lung capacity for jogging much weaker than for lifting
Is it possible to recruit all the motor units available?
Subseting with second muscle group
Running impact on lung for smoker
"Continuous Passive Motion" (CPM) for Joint Healing, Effective? How?
Why certain muscle groups just dont grow
What is the best posture (stand, sit, etc) to take when resting during intense training (such as for kickboxing)?
How many pushups are harmful for the body?
Lacking the amount of energy that needs for a good workout at gym
How do I know how many calories I take daily?
What is the safest wrist angle for pushing exercises?
What is the best 1 RM prediction formula
Gas out of lung while doing russian twists
I can not sleep after gym at night time
Do I have to feel worn out to be losing weight?
RSI-prevention wise, should I be using my pink finger or my ring finger for pressing keys/buttons?
Can step counting goals be considered effective exercise?
How to train for running without a warmup
Weight loss plateau
Lunge - Deep painful stretch in Hamstrings
Strengthening rolled ankle
Relation between upper body workout and wrist size
Need some guidance to begin body transformation
Is it wrong to workout more than once a day?
Do we need contiguous sleep for gains?
What is the most effective exercise for the lower abs that one can do at home without any tools?
My elliptical cycle is too easy for me... I don't want to throw it away. What can I do with it?
What should I do?
Is this running plan a good idea?
Physical fitness and bronchitis
Unable to compete nearly 1st set reps?
The n sets and m reps formula
Is lack of soreness adequate to determine whether it's time to train again?
Is Protein powder necessary for weight loss?
What is the effective time interval limit for recovery right after the exercise
I'm losing weight, I can tell but why does the scale go up? Am I doing it wrong?
Do knee pads exist meant to protect your knees from falls?
Teen Looking to transform
How important is periodization in force training?
Advise on Exercise machine for weight loss
Should I stretch every day?
How realistic are those 1 month or 21 day body makeover?
Carbohydrate intake query
Which exercises target agility and body slimming?
How should squat form change based on proportions?
Optimizing 10k finishing time until April 3rd
Query on Guillotine press
Do push ups build/increase mass?
Is whey protein good for losing weight?
Flat feet causing knees to point in
Has Anyone found a comfortable way to wear your mobile device when exercising?
Should your pelvis rotate when you walk and run?
Is it possible to move each toe individually?
What muscles are involved in the downward movement of the v-sit?
If you suffer from a break or serious sprain, is it likely that joint will never feel exactly the same again?
What is a good training program for a beginner/intermediate mountaineer/rock climber?
How do we tone up at this point?
How much protein can the body absorb within a meal?
Can Climbing stairs lead to good weight loss..?
Maximum wattage of a fat cell
How much creatine should I eat on off-days?
Is jogging prejudicial for ectomorphs trying to gain weight?
Help with my posture please?
Training for using war bows
Suggestions for Wendler 5/3/1 template with calisthenics
How can I tell if it is a cramp or tear?
Daily routine to lose weight, but I'm actually increasing weight. How do I fix it?
Is flax seed (milled or raw) an appropriate after-workout protein?
Truck driver looking to get fit
How to measure my Maximum Heart Rate with a stationary bike and a heart monitor?
Arnie's pull-up strategy
Recurring Sports Injury
What difference does training with kettlebells make to the appearance?
Are there benefits of having Ashwagandha / Withania somnifera as pre-workout supplement?
Soreness...DOMS?
Lower body exercises that would complement my cycling
How to reduce Weight?
Neck discomfort after Overhead Press - is it serious?
MY CHEST IS UNEQUAL.Help me make them equal.please
Achilles heel snapped twice without permanent damage
What is a Dog-Trot in regards to humans?
migraine after work out
Are squats a bad idea if you are overweight?
Stretching during exercises?
How do I adjust diet to the exercise cycle
Is alternating between push ups and pull ups everyday overtraining?
Metabolic Equivalent of Task (MET) values for exercises with rest
Do I have a future with a torn acl?
Compare & contrast squat types
Plateau Chest/Back - Need New Routine
Boosting Testosterone with exercise?
Bulk or cut? (pics)
Having difficulty stretching legs on my back with towel
Optimize single dumbbell routine?
Weight loss vs. running speed
Trying to start Exercising again after almost 9 years
Coping with a Lack of Access to Healthy Food & Lifestyle Changes
Inmate workouts
How to use equipment in outdoor "fitness stations"?
Can starting strength be morphed to fit hypertrophy purposes?
What's wrong with workout routines for muscle building?
Farmer's walk: weights and distances
Toracic flexion during heavy deadlifts
What does road biking do to improve your running?
How to tighten core during normal activities?
What is the most inclusive exercise that does not require tools?
Heart Rate Monitor, FitBit, iOS, and HealthKit
Holding weights on bench press flyes
As a beginner, I'm quite confused as to how much I should eat
Best routine to lose weight?
Is it possible to reduce lower belly fat without reducing the fat at other parts of the body?
In ketosis, does ketone production comes from stored fat or eaten fat?
Cardio vs. Fat burn workout
Will this method make me lose weight and reach my maintenance goal weight?
Ab workout with lumbar spinal stenosis
Legs sore after starting treadmill. Should I continue or wait?
Do I need to take L-glutamine if the whey protein contains it?
Feeling always tired even doing exercices
Is my workout plan good ? (16 year old male)
Ketogenic diet , side effects and precautions
Should strength training be altered according to whether you're seeking size vs strength?
Weakness in weightlifting with Keto Diet
Lemon Juice while workout
Coming back from a "break"
How is the Bulgarian Method so effective?
Fitness equipment for back muscles
Running with lumbar spinal stenosis
Climbing Stairs and Calories Burnt
At-home routine to balance rock climbing
Endurance and stamina issues in swimming
Couch to 5k, twice a week or 3 times a week?
Practical steps for preventing lower back issues (e.g. "throwing out" back)
How do I find exercise / jogging trail difficulty?
Running with an anal abscess
how to lose fat hips after weight loss?
Is it good to lift weights and do intervals for muscles?
How much protein should I be eating?
Scheme 3-4 times fitness a week - Hypertrophy
Calories burned
Stronglifts 5x5: Start in deficit and move to surplus when reaching 5RM on lifts
Measuring progress in Bouldering
I need help to be able to focus during my work outs
Home Workout: My body has been disfigured. How do I even the both sides?
Dealing with DOMS
Why do my legs hurt so bad while running?
Gym routine for advanced taekwondo practitioner
Arms too long to snatch properly
Calorie deficit to weightloss: evidence-based model
Improvements to Curved Back while sitting on Heels and trying to get Back aligned with floor?
Continuous HRM with notification
Can posture braces help strengthen muscles?
short exercises to improve core strength, balance and flexibility?
How can I measure my physical progress if I am gaining muscle faster than I am losing fat?
How can I adjust my fitness routine to account for my insulin resistance?
What is the name of this acro yoga move?
Arm strength for cricket
How to stay energetic after work
Bones in the back hurting while doing lie-down exercises
Heavy weight vs Light weight?
Don't feel anything with Pendlay barbell rows. Should I switch to Yates rows?
Should I grind or should I fail?
Best swim crawl to enlarge the shoulders
Effect on abs: leg raises vs crunches
Skinny guy with belly fat
How do I get a four foot butt?
What indications are there that a muscular adaptation has been triggered?
Difference caused by grip width on bench press
Why is it easier to lift weight using a belt?
How to gain weight?
How to gain weight for a thin person?
Fat and Saturated Fat
feet position for squat
Compared to their overall strength, do women have greater lower body strength in proportion to their upper body than men do?
Alternatives for exercises to prevent pain on inside of elbow
Protein shake for children?
Is a bench press with a swiss bar easier on the shoulders than with a standard bar w/ overhand grip?
Breathing and Leg Fatigue while running
What kind of interesting exercises can I do to lose weight?
Lower Back fat (can't lose it)
Barbell biceps curl - standing up or sitting down?
Inzer single prong belt, need thoughts and/or comments about size issue
Cardio with Plantar Fasciitis?
Learning to swim without water or a pool
cold hands after 15km run - evening training after work
Can a routine be designed around deadlifts?
When should I do accessory work?
Testestrone & Nandrolone Injection Safet
Ballerina's straight back
treadmills vs walking
What should be my next workout plan?
Intermittent Fasting Post Workout
Can I use ON Whey Protein and P90X Recovery Formula together?
What are the benefits to eating immediately after exercising?
What causes an annoying "lethargy" which increases on consecutive days of rest from running?
Legspan requirements for different running styles?
Snack time, protein or carbs?
Why am I not growing muscularly?
Question About Max Heart Rate?
Running vs Cycling vs Stairs
Increasing prevalence of Allergies and Poly-sensitivity in Athletes, why?
What can I do to alleviate hip/groin pain on the upstroke?
Crossfit training plans: progressive programming of fitness and skills
Pain when adusting to stability shoes?
How to get my face (mouth to be precise) out of the water for breathing while doing a breast stroke?
Does the PC muscle recover faster in comparison to the other muscles?
Is the wheel important in a sling trainer?
Does the body store fat in a (First in Last out)FILO order?
How long to wait between reps?
What should be the best plan for me to lose fat and gain muscle
What are the best places on the body to cool off during exercise?
Weight loss/gain around rib cage (women)
Recoving figure after eating unhealthily for a period
What are some good strength exercises for different skiing practises?
Is this workout plan sufficient
Muscles twitching during non-workout activity
Want to get in shape
What is the basis behind Push-Pull-Legs routines?
Getting back in shape after being bedridden for 4 months
Stick with progressing rep ranges or switch to small weight increments?
Doubts about the SL 5X5 program
What's the reason for bulking up?
Why do we superset?
Do heat and/or compression provably aid in preventing injury?
Is it a good idea to drink whey protein before going out to gym?
Gain Weight because im under weight to my age
MadCow Routine - When to stop / restart?
Is it healthier to be able to put weight on easily or with difficulty?
Should I go for a run before buying running shoes?
Taking L-Carnitine, how much is too much?
Knee and muscle mobility following injury
I need help making a diet / meal plan for [Exercise Regime] to lose weight. What do I do?
Should I tell people about my fitness goals for better accountability?
Osta-Red Supplements
I've been running and eating significantly less but weight loss has seemingly stopped
Is there something that I'm eating that is causing weight gain?
What are the most common mistakes in using a food tracker such as MyFitnessPal?
I want to improve my lower body!
Body twisting exercise after back injury
Can weight lost be sustained through exercise influenced metabolism changes?
Cholesterol level in your body and Running
What is wrong with a beginner following the Rock workout schedule?
What muscle am I stretching when I pull my chin back and tilt my head to the side
What do I write on a program schedule?
When should I use incline and speed intervals versus incline and speed ramps?
If I could do a split as an adolescent, can I relearn to do a split now?
How to stay fit on vacation?
Running-101: For beginners who would like to give up smoking
How long before first marathon?
Taping for calf cramps
Im 14 and I ran 20 miles is that healthy
When to take Epsom salt baths / use Magnesium oil?
French-press and load
Cycling and abs exercises
How can a obese person with a spine and leg injury lose weight?
Workout plan for fitness-studio
BODY by SCIENCE - THE BIG 5 WORKOUT for home
Is HIT (High intensity training) is appropriate for improving cardio aerobic for competition?
Developing very strong Quadriceps
Benefits of Overhead KB Walks
Front squats lagging behind back squats by too much
Is there another exercise opposite to the Stomach Vacuum?
Should an underweight person avoid strenuous exercise?
Correlation between weight to loose, target number of days and steps to walk each day
How quickly will my VO2 max fall off if I stop all exercise?
Effect of whey protein on blood cholesterol level
Is this PPL routine suitible for my Goals?
How to train for a competitive 10 km in two weeks?
How to avoid muscle loss when doing prolonged cardio (around 15 days in a row)?
Mixing Things Up When Losing Weight
Sore head during planking?
I am trying to lose fat but keep fluctuating between losing 5lb and gaining it back a week later
Is there any correlation between weightlifting and increased life expectancy?
How to avoid post-training brain fuzziness
Competitions / tests for General Physical Preparedness?
Lost weight wrong
Relationship between body fat percentage and heart rate / perspiration during aerobic exercise
Studies About Rest Time
What kind of goals should I have if I want to be as healthy as possible?
Building big muscles leads to not enough testosterone?
Energy low after weight loss
Overall body fitness routine at home
Lower Chest Pushups?
Eating disorder recovery
Is running in smog a risk factor for developing asthma?
Testosterone levels. Fighters vs Bodybuilders
Preparation for the muscleup
tingling feeling in arm muscles while working out
What's the best way to begin cutting down to lower (and even single) body fat percentages for an active, healthy father with a standard work schedule?
I can't do enough chin ups
Plan for 120 km bicycle race
How to listen to the body during a run?
Clenbuterol dangers?
Where is the longest steep run to use for training in the eastern United States?
What muscles are important for running down steep loose ground and what exercises strengthen them?
Does Whey Protein cause damage to teenagers who haven't fully grown?
What are the most common interval workout routines?
How fast should a rep be in strength, power, hypertrophy and endurance goal workout?
What is a DEXA reading?
What are some good alternatives to Calf Raises?
Shoulder isolation exercises
Ensuring Physical Health while sat idle most of the day
What should hands do during Barbell Squats?
How effective are standing desks?
scientific papers on muscle growth in (severely) undertrained males?
Should we workout with a cold?
Calculate calories burned
Weird weight loss pattern
High or low glycemic index between training?
What is the body part used to track fitness progress?
Is muscle gain making my pants tighter?
Training zones and training plans
Can simply tightening your muscles replace lifting weights for gaining strength? And if so, can electrical stimulation cause it?
Training: quality vs quantity
Is it possible to maintain or improve as a runner doing mostly races?
Rapid fatigue and swelling
How to increase BMI and gain weight in a healthy way?
Do I need to be over my maintenance or my actual calories burned to build muscle?
Uneven butt question
Fingers, hands and wrists specific stretching exercices
Lose weight-> Gain weight-> Lose weight
Can't swim, even after a semester's worth of swimming classes, practice, and personal training,
Can too much calories pose a health risk?
Protein Shake VS. Tuna
should I continue weightlifting even though it makes my body bigger?
Does long term severe salt restriction enhance athletic performance?
Diet chart to gain 10-12kg weight
Why is my big calorie deficit not resulting in weight loss?
Can I reach a target strength using high reps of lower weights?
Why is my belly fat so loose/watery/un-rigid?
Is my training working for me
Should I change my diet based on rice and vegetables?
Impact of weekly collossal cheat days
What is the difference between running intervals and repeats?
Training advice to maintain run pace when you have less time
How to shred max body fat although my physique is athletic
Recovery Run vs Rest Day
Can't run can't bike.. how do I maintain cardio?
How to do exercises properly?
How to stay in shape during a workout hiatus?
Am I exercising out too much?
Why is this "minimum" program flawed (every 2nd day do dips, squats and pull-ups until failure)?
How often should you rest? - Running
How to train for marathon
How to calculate your RMR accurately?
Am I estimating my caloric intake correctly for a healthy diet plan?
Burned calories formula with conversation factor
I am a track athlete, Does gymnastic help a track and field athlete, in terms of getting faster, pole vault and throwing?
How to help recovery after long-distance cycling race?
I can't swallow CLA pills, looking for alternatives
Are there advantages to breaking up a workout?
I tried a new diet and I think my blood sugar is too low, do I need more carbs?
How is hypertrophy (muscle-gain) provoked?
Scientific evidence for physical, not psychological, somatotying
Missing mounting brackets for doorway pull bar. Alternatives?
Weight loss stopped (even gaining a bit weight)
What's the deal with those raw eggs eaten by Rocky before training
risks of running a marathon without adequate preparation
Runners advice for Night Trails
What are the differences between a "Cutting Workout" and a "Bulking Workout"?
Does SLOW reps have the similar effect as high resistance
Maitaining current form
Is it healthy to eat cereal-like food instead of rice or pasta each meal five days a week?
Workout to the failure is enough to get stronger. What is the need to have sets?
Lateral raises - shoulder blades and elbows
Neck problems, are massages the best answer?
The most ideal weight increment in 1 week without stretch mark?
Ways to tone my stomach area up?
What is the "fat burning zone"?
What is the difference between a Deadlift and a Romanian Deadlift?
What do I have to eat immediately after workout?
What is the right protein for me? I'm struggling to find one
Can I gain muscle mass doing push ups?
Should I start exercising right away or increase my weight first?
Need Help Urgently? Mental and Heavy Legs
Push-ups form and progression
Is whey protein safe?
What should I eat so I'm not feeling hungry anymore while consuming as few calories as possible?
Cycling vs Gym(Exercise) for weight loss
Train to Circumambulate Around Mt. Kailash
Coconut milk or normal skim milk?
Is 30 minutes jogging enough for good amount of Sugar consumption?
Is jogging good on "Tarmac" road?
Optimal way to end treadmill run?
Is a training plan necessary/preferred when I don't have the goal of running a specific race?
I am 170 cm tall and i am only 47 kgs. How to increse my weight??I have not tried any proper exercise.
Cardio and weights in the same workout
Low Body Fat Energy Levels
Workout suggestions
Why does it become hard to breathe in when running fast
Why weight training?
Deadlift and Squats for Scoliosis
Approach to the irregular weight training
When doing abdominal crunches, should I place my arms across my chest or behind my head?
Is there a bicep exercise that uses no equipment?
How to burn fat while doing workout?
What Exercises Replicate Swimming?
Best Way to Control Breathing During Pushups?
What flips are unnecessary in parkour/freerunning?
how to distribute protein intake throughout the day
Is power yoga equivalent to strength training in Gym?
Can we do swiming and bodybuilding in the same day
How to prevent hands-slipping from a bar?
How can I educate myself about the human body to be able to come up with useful exercises
For decreasing body fat percentage, many low-weight reps or few high weight reps?
Guidelines for using spinning (stationary bike) as cross-training for long-distance running
long run pace not stable
Stronglifts 5x5, Balancing and What Next?
Building Lean Muscles
Visceral fat (->cardio) or weak abs/back muscles (->power training)?
Fitting sports around weightlifting schedule and work
How does one strengthen the muscle that keeps the neck erect?
Passive work out?
How would I prepare for long distance biking?
Is this intensity of Jogging good to reduce fat?
What kind of Exercise can be done amidst in office hours?
Strength training gym equipment exercise rotation
Why soreness happened as late as 30 hours after excerising?
How Do I get a Six pack
Right abs are more worked (and possibly poor posture), how can I correct that?
Types of stretching
Minimum water temperature for swimming workout
why arms flabby after 5x5 stronglifts?
How to finish Half Maraton in under 2 hour? I have 4 months to prepare
Is 21 minutes of bodyweight training really enough?
Skateboarding After Thirty
HIIT vs steady state: long term health effects
Abdominal breathing vs proper posture
Is moving the legs forward on pull-ups a bad thing?
How to quickly improve flexibility
What are the Alternatives of One Arm Dumbbell Row?
Felling the "burn"
I can swim a lot of breaststroke, but not freestyle. Why?
How Much Protein Do I Need To Build Mass?
Can i take shower immediately after taking whey protein?
Short + Frequent or Long + Rare swims?
How to choose the best type of vegan protein to take?
Arm exercises: when to alternate arms?
Accessories for Squat day on Wendler 5/3/1
Dips and pushups in the same week?
My muscles becoming stiff while workout
Which is the best supplement for lean person with workout?
Minimum Effective Dose of Exercise for Cognitive Enhancement
How to prevent swimming goggles from fogging
How to Reduce my Stomach?
Is there name for this Rep Set?
how useful short workout?
How can i get some weight efficiently?
Easier Version of Backward Lunge
How and why should I use walking breaks for running long distances?
Can i use a Pre workout and after my routine is done drink my mass gainer
Is it possible to achieve an athletic physique with my diet?
Morning or evening exercise?
How to progress in gym after you hit weight loss plateau?
Fitness and ability to do sign language
How to protect valuables at gym
Interpreting descriptions of sets
Why do I never have muscle soreness at my back?
One side stronger than the other in pull-ups
Blood-compatible liquid for cooling body
Can a workout be too short?
Muscle-Mass Workout Routine for 14-Year-Old
Back pain chart
Why do professional swimmers breathe every stroke in freestyle?
Peck deck machine vs dumbbells flyes
Does protein benefit women the same way as men?
What's the point in hitting abs during a workout?
Pronation in shoe wear
Does sweating have any correlation with how effective my workout is?
Can I do push ups being a vertigo patient?
How does dragging weights after you help?
On machines, what is the weight listed?
one arm dumbell bent over row - is it a complete exercise for the back?
How do I sit properly and why?
Why are beginners told to relax their tense shoulders muscles in yoga?
Running - Speed vs Distance
Losing Fat: Calories In?
Heart rate monitor compatibility
how can I carry on doing heavy bench presses for a long time?
Do pull-ups, push ups and planks benefit from external shoulder rotation?
6 Grams of Essential Amino Acids Post Workout on Keto Diet
Home training works against my BMI
What's the most acurate running app?
What are typical work-out weight ratios for some compound and isolation exercises (bench-press weight vs. triceps push-down weight for example)?
Safe to send heart rate up quickly?
is the squat a complete exercise for the legs?
What Gym exercises should i do to reduce weight instead of shaping muscles?
What are easy fast digestible breakfast before workout?
Does chewing gum break intermittent fasting
Do you burn fat directly if you only eat protein?
What should I start with to gain upper body strength
Is it okay to go for walk without bowel movement early in the morning?
What is the healthiest sets/reps?
Prevent hand ache during workout
How to optimise running and weight training for complete fitness?
What exercises are best for arm wrestling?
Do double-chin reduction exercises work?
Discrepancy in TDEE calculations
No gain after 4 months of continuous excercise
Dropping weight before an uphill run?
How can I firm my pectorals back up?
Why does this author recommend that you should do only one set of deadlifts?
Less rest time vs more volume in one workout
Constantly bonking on short runs
Circuit Training makes me feel sick
Fastest weight of gaining mass
Bicep training. how to get maximum from it?
Optimal body dimensions for Olympic weightlifting?
Effectiveness of power training for bodybuilding
How to improve stamina without burning too much calories?
Is the presence of delayed onset muscle soreness related to one's pain tolerance?
Duration of warm up during workout
Is burning 500 calories every day on 1500 calories diet unhealthy?
How to practice and improve my time for a 5k run?
Ammonia in sweat from workout - Protein (Muscle) Loss?
Frequency of work out
How does sleeping routine effect game performance?
Should you eat junk food on the day you work out vs on a non gym day?
How to motivate yourself while working out
What sports a 30-year-old male can pursue other than endurance sports?
Can Cardio/strength training improve "stamina" for long study periods?
Jogging in 90 degree heat
Exercising and running in cold / winter
Should seated leg press be avoided?
Variation of pushups for bicep work out
Relationship between testosterone and muscle growth
Preventing weird wrist pain
What would be the optimal exercise time in a gym for my structure?
How do I use the rowing machine for a more effective workout?
random unscheduled jogging?
How to do the 20-rep-Squat routine?
How to influence the pace of muscle memory?
How much cardio is advisable for an overweight person who is new to bodybuilding?
How safe are "squat jumps" for the knee
Are â€œsingle box squatsâ€ safe for the knee?
How to lie down on your back properly during Yoga?
Training your forearms with weights?
Garmin Forerunner 225 for High intensity workouts
Lifting weights while watching tv does that qualify as exercise
Body fat and abs
What is the proper way of performing the Valsalva manoeuvre
How can I gain more weight and a 6 pack?
No longer an absolute beginner, unsure of diet
Will leaving weight on my bar when I'm done damage it?
No weight loss despite exercise and fasting
Grid vs. flat foam rollers
Is it really possible to re-shape a muscle?
Weight-lifting with unbalanced loads
Is there an inverse relationship between range of motion and stability?
List of muscles by volume in average man
Does running on trails require substantially more energy than running on roads?
It is possible to gain muscular endurance in two weeks?
Losing fat without low blood glucose
Is there a way you can you improve your reflexes and reactions generally?
How can I get a better mobility and flexibility?
Would wearing a weight vest increase my calorie burn during bike riding?
Can I gain muscle(or at least stop losing muscles I have) at age 33 by going to gym and targeting weight loss?
Can I train to improve my Lactate Threshold?
How to train your external oblique and serratus anterior?
Lifting Ratio between different parts of your body
whole body workout routine, 3 times/ week for a 53 years male
What is the best way to arrange your sets at the gym?
I keep having to lower my weights by a couple Pounds on each set. What am I doing wrong?
Is it wrong to work 2 muscle group at once?
Is stretching bad for building muscles?
Improve ankle dorsiflexion for full squat
How come I don't look fit?
Is it possible to lose muscle mass by going to the gym while in the middle of a calorie deficit?
Better mood even after only 15 min of morning exercise - is this placebo or real effect?
Is there a quota of muscle building?
Is gradual progressive training better than greasing the groove for longer distances?
What causes a greater rate of calorie burn during an activity?
I seem to gain and lose muscle mass very quickly- what gives?
Flat abs, Feeling tired during the day and hungry at night if I cut my regular diet
Should I train at what I want my best to be?
What is a good training pace vs a recent race pace?
Does supplimenting creatine cause belly fat to increace or stomach to bloat?
Son is unable to squat without heels coming up and knees collapsing in
Will tight muscles stop you from becoming stronger or cause injuries?
Running injuries when competing
working out at 20's
possible paths to increase bench press from 140kg (308 lbs) to 160 kg (352) - for 1o reps
is it healthy for lungs to run on a sidewalk next to a busy street?
why do we need more rest when lifting heavy?
Which exercises are effective for a cardio workout when having injured legs?
Wheelchair users (including levers-powered) and losing weight
Sprinting to increase leg size
beginner benchpress
What does very much sweating mean?
Recovery from different exercise types
Which brands of creatine are good?
What kind of physique would a lot of burpees build?
Are there stretches/exercise/yoga movements for tight jaws/neck?
Feeling exhausted after swimming
Body weight readjustment (post-(exercise fat burn))
Tense neck muscles
Energy shortage before workout
What strategies should a fit middle-aged novice runner use to get started?
How do you use a heart rate monitor for track workouts and speed work?
Does muscles burn fats
Train to Run Marathons
What exercises would help recover from thoracic spinal trauma?
Any health/performance benefits to the narrow design of shoes?
Is Surya Namaskar Considered Dynamic Stretching
Dynamic Stretches for Couch to 5K
Is a tiny dinner okay?
Flat lower back and pain
How strict should one get with Diet to loose belly and hip fat?
Difference between 'Bulgarian Split Squat' and 'Split Squat'
When to begin Couch to 5K Program
What are the indications of fat reducing?
Jogging and Meditation
Simulate Couch to 5K at Home
Can we do Dynamic/Static stretch on Rest Days
How much does a 400m time correlate to a good 5k race time prediction?
Couch to 5K twice a week
Forearm strength for a hand stand
Weight lifting stunts growth?
What is the most efficient strategy to build a balanced diet for muscle gains?
Is there any way I can build muscle mass being a vegan?
How can I plan my diet from scratch?
What are some preventives or palliatives for vocal cord strain (from "overuse")?
Adding weight to one leg squats
Is there any relationship between blood types and VO2Max?
What does it mean to bonk or hit the wall?
Does temperature have more of an impact on longer runs?
How can weight lifting and running be done concurrently?
How to calculate Calories in KCal from time and distance running
Influence of physical activity besides the workouts?
Trying to get 15 year old male into fitness
Where should I start?
Finding correct weight and speed of exercise for explosive power
Working on weakness - 1000 reps in 10 workouts. Need critique
How to find music at 60/90/180 bpm to sync with exercise?
A fitness workout plan for a female
Is it ok to lower the weights after each set?
Defining muscle vs building muscle
Quadriceps pain after hip bridges excercise
Which workout to do 1st?
Fitness plan suggestions?
What is Limiting Factor in Running Fast?
I don't eat dairy products yet I cant lose weight
Why use weights, if body weight execises can make you get in shape and gain muscle?
How should I adjust my half-marathon training schedule after missing a week?
What kind of exercises will help out in rest days?
Exercise Allergy
Will yoga practice make previous body problems reappear?
The workout plan for build muscle and fat burn
Exercises recommended for patients suffering from Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Should I include cardio?
Negative consequences to training with IT band injury?
Should sprinting be a part of 10x800m or similar speed work?
Neck strain after side plank
1000 push-ups a day to lose body fat?
Optimum rep duration for muscle/size gains
Can't go below 16-17% body fat. What is wrong with my diet?
Different types of pectoral machines
How to lose muscle weight to improve endurance?
Should/How-do I reduce the time at threshold HRM
Increasing physical activity with no calorie deficit or surplus
How to stop relying on dominant leg in squat?
I am out of shape. I need a routine to be able to do push ups, curl ups, run the mile, touch my toes, and lift weight in 2 months
Feel like throwing up / fainting during new exercise routine
Am I eating too much fat? How healthy fat help to lose weight?
Are cardio exercises that involve sitting prone to any of the same risks of prolonged stationary sitting?
consequences of lifting weights without enough calories
Stretch marks during weight training
What would be the healthiest way to gain weight?
Stretching and pain perception, when to stop?
Shoulder press exercise - Useful to do more than one type?
How useful are protein fasts when intermittent fasting?
I want to know specific exercises for (preferred yoga) for weight loss considering my slip disk
Shoulder strength imbalance after injury
How to improve my leg strength to perform pistol squats?
Why can I run at 90-95%HRmax but not bike at more than 80-85%HRmax?
How to increase bicep (bar) curls?
Will core training in off days be helpful or harmful to my main training?
What is the proper way to hold your arms while training your biceps?
Is it good to take protein supplements?
In need of calf stretch ideas for someone with minimal use of legs?
I can only eat oranges without becoming lethargic. Why?
Can i be taller after 23 and how to gain muscles
How to get a better cardio benefit while running with a slower partner?
How do I control breathing during hanging leg raises?
Isometric training
How to reduce beer belly
Lower back pain when performing lying leg raise
Pull-ups: What are the pros and cons of doing a big number of sets?
Doubts about Bodyweight Workout to lose fat and gain strength
Isometric,Eccentric,Concentric training differences and what each is good for?
How to gain weight with a fast metabolism and constraints on nutrition?
Correlation between Sweat and fat burning
What is actually happening to my body during HIIT on a Spin Bike?
What is the best/correct way to increase muscle/strength?
If I feel muscle soreness the day after stretching, am I over stretching?
Warming up without legs
Is there a difference between consuming (BMR) calories and burning n calories vs. consuming (BMR-n) calories?
Diet for losing fats and gaining muscle
How to do exercise with past body injury?
Can DeadLift help me to perform muscleup and press handstand?
Timing for slow-absorbtion protein ingestion
Creatine at its Finest
What is a stress fracture and how can you avoid it when training for a marathon?
I can't perform a squat without falling
Can someone please explain how freeletics works?
obtain mass on chest,biceps,triceps program
Can weight training cause arthritis?
Bodybuilding diet for south indian
Big difference in Heart Rate Monitor meassures
I am 15 years old and I'm thin. I want to gain weight and muscles
Is cardio really effective in fat-burning?
will doing a short intense exercise be worse/not as good as doing a more moderate exercise for the same period of time
Motivations for long therm
Do handstand push-ups hit all the three shoulder heads?
Can you train yourself to respond well to training?
Good recommendations on diet plan
Combining squats and deadlifts: do deadlifts on light or heavy squat day?
How to treat chest pain due to treadmill overwork?
Window to utilize protein after weightlifting?
Caloric Deficit + Positive Nitrogen Balance
What are some ways to keep blood pressure low during muscle-strengthening excercises?
How can I set up gymnastic rings?
How to tone without losing or gaining weight
L-sit on paralletes vs floor
Elbows cracking and popping
How do I beat gym anxiety?
Aesthetic accessory routine for Olympic Weightlifting?
How to progress in calisthenics?
Is doing squats using a rack with rails defeating the purpose?
Why has my appetite decreased so much since working out more frequently?
Prevent muscle decreases after injury (left arm)
Exercises for a strong neck
How to perform a ring muscle up?
Training program to get muscles mass
What's the purpose of this adjustment on the rower?
How do I find the best Activity Tracker for my needs?
Good reasons to exercise
Are there movements that are always unsafe?
External rotation exercises, when is it enough?
Tucking chin in during exercises, is it safe for the neck?
Strength training for calf muscles to avoid achilles tendonitis
Got in shape, lost fat & gained muscle, but I'm weaker now. Why?
Pain after overhead press
Back pain after standing still but not after walking
Arms Workout per Week
Should I continue taking creatine when on a long break from training?
How do (pro) hockey players weigh so much, but look so small?
Is drinking carbs+protein during workout equivalent to eating the same amounts?
How to enhance the life of my weight gainer?
What is the best gym routine for Indians to get flat stomach.?
why no muscle pain after fitness?
Why abs are small?how can i make them bigger
Does it make any difference how I hoist myself up when I raise the legs/knees?
Heavy Weights Then Nap?
200 kgs bench press, squats and deadlift challenge
Does whey causes brittle bones?
Is it a good idea to constantly train my flexibility throughout the day?
Weightlifting for children?
How can I lower my body fat in my current condition?
Squats for lower back pain before
lower pecs for chest workout not in gym
Distributing workout throughout day
Treadmill shopping: importance of motor vs roller
Working out with a headache
How Long to Rest After Back Spasm
Rest after workout
Neck hunchbacked: How do I straighten it?
What is the name of the dumbbell that is semi-flexible in the middle?
How to keep stamina for intense long duration workouts
In between sets â€” what to do?
protein in the rest days
What are default weight ratios for different Crossfit exercises?
How I improve flexiblity of the knee?
What pair of muscles provides the most power for running?
What muscles are responsible for the flight phase of running?
Good Standing Posture Without Thinking About It
Creatine, surplus, and weightlifting, but not gaining significant muscle
Strength crossover with muscular endurance
Can I avoid instep tears in barefoot shoes?
Why does one swing the arms backwards in a Hindu Squat?
Standing desk mat with office chairs?
Alternative triceps training with golfer's elbow
Protein Pre Workout or Post Workout which one is better for me?
NO reason to exercise if a virgin?
Why bulking and cutting instead of just eating enough?
Why does a giant surplus in calories result in immediate strength gains?
Disengaged muscles in back of the neck
What's the point of training asymmetrically?
Is it possible to bulk up and reduce belly fat at the same time?
Why is the wrist hurt when push up with sharp leveraged edge?
I am overweight and I want to lose weight but I don't know how!
Is it possible to do weight lifting and have a flexible body?
How to run long distances safely in the sun?
How delicate is a state of ketogenesis?
I'm underweight. How do I gain weight without always being stuffed and without sacrificing exercise?
Workout in the morning
what is the name of this exercise machine nunes is using to exercise punches?
Which competitions or events can help gain weight ?
Is it important to get a massage? Or is yoga is better?
I'm a girl of 21 years old. I'm so weak.I want to increase my body fat
Arms get tight and being during workout
How am I doing for an old guy
Pull-ups - should I start greasing the groove?
What is this part of my shoulder called?
Popping in my pelvis when doing leg raises
Diet balance between family and health
Undereating not hungry
Question about my new workout routine
Is it damaging from a muscle building and strength gaining perspective if I run 5.5 kms before my workout on the treadmill?
Walk one hour daily during evening
Powerlifting and Olympic Lifting: How much does height affect strength?
hot water bath to gain muscles
Timing of muscle soreness - what does it tell you?
Get taller schedule
Reviewing my training program exercises for building muscle
Struggling to gain weight
pass the limits to obtain muscle
Thin face and body Not properly growing
Scaling benchmark workouts in Crossfit when preparing for competitions
three months workout building visible body
Hip pain when doing butterfly stretch
How to increasing running distance
Is this goal, and plan to achieve it, realistic?
How can I improve my subsequent runs
Biochemistry behind sudden drop in energy shortly after starting exercise?
Fixing a disproportionately weak squat
Does sitting really reduce ROM?
Measure reaction time
Chest excercises without bench
Strength biceps-triceps
How to prepare for 10k run with 40-42min timing
get taller advertisment
How should the shoulder blades move when swimming breast stroke?
Can you actively prevent or fix flatfoot?
Why do some people train in the gym with warm clothes?
Can running for 20 minutes on your rest day prevent muscle growth?
How to determine my level of activeness?
Why will walking 10 miles leave you with more energy?
Hand position / form when swimming Crawl/Freestyle
Home machine legs workout obtain muscles
Quads growth with spartan bows home workout
Pan foods and muscle gain
Arm placement on treadmill
Man-boobs in the way when doing cardio
How can I keep my lower back relaxed while swimming
Stress-anxiety stop
Maffetone formula activity level
Gentle strength building exercises
Soreness each time I do exercises
Muscles when we restart workout
Any advice on a 24 hour cyclical ketogenic diet
Ineffective pre-workouts
20 non-stop pushups vs 30 with short breaks?
What are best iOS apps for physical activity monitoring
Strength training and longevity
Advices for workout routine
Rings performance and cardio
Stretch to achieve a good position in an "earth touch"
How to build a pull up bar for a doorway with a door?
How can I achieve this position?
Can't sleep while fasting
Best isolation exercises for general routine
Please help me to name this exercise!
Cheap form of whole-body HIIT
Why can I run for 6 miles without any problems, but standing still in one place for more than 10 minutes makes my knees sore?
Asking for a spot checklist?
Getting ripped only by dumbells
Weight exercises while taking a short break
What can a labourer do?
Uneven back flexibility?
left and right shoulders are asymmetrical
Order of learning these excercises
Is it safe to use nicotine to enhance performance?
Is Lifting Weights at Home, Without a Rack, A Viable Option For Me?
Is it possible to do too many jumping jacks, and can I do them in rest days?
Training On Saturday and Sunday
How to know if I am warmed up?
Are cold showers or contrast showers better for recovery?
Strengthen Teeth
Improve posture in home
How to get to 1.5M in less then 15 min
Input on planned diet/exercise regime
Is Anaerobic Threshold a concept or a construct?
How boulder more efficiently to prevent elbow pain/injury?
How can swimming without water be harder to do?
Pushups: Low quality vs high quality? (sloppy vs controlled)
Deadlifts strength training
Is full or partial range of motion better for chin-ups?
Comparing intensity of different strength training workouts
Will I lose gains in this situation?
Why keep your knee towards the outside in dorsiflexion exercises?
Why am I losing more weight cycling than running?
What is the correct Push Up technique for Serratus Anterior Engagement?
Footwear for swimming pool and change room
Legs wearing out too soon in freestyle
what exercises or physical activities where small framed, tall, long limbed people do well?
Exercise Before/During Airplane Rides To Prevent Deep Vein Thrombosis
Lapsed 5ker seeks HIIT advice and 'injuries'
Multiple Workouts During Work
Ideal target weight to start running (C25k)
Biceps increase muscle size in 1 month
Question about my pull up bar
How to finish this workout routine for strength & aesthetics?
which muscles are more attractive and should i focus on
Is Rich Piana's strength achievable without anabolic steroids?
Do pendlay rows require the same adjustments as bench presses to avoid shoulder impingement?
Pull-ups: go all the way down?
Bio scan fitness score
Weight-lifting suitable for musician?
abs visible but there arent horizontal lines
I feel recuperated immediately the next day after an intense workout. Okay to workout more?
Tips and tricks for abs
Optimal Routine for 1.5 Hours Per Day
Would wearing leg weights 24/7 be effective?
Can only squat extremely narrow
Are respiratory training adds dangerous?
Does masturbation cause muscle loss?
Heart rate took a long to recover back to base (70-75 bpm for me) after a workout. Is it normal?
Masculinizing exercises?
Sexual arousal to speed up recovery?
Does eating meat causes weight gain, even in deficit
Hip mechanics in kipping pull-up
Why do I barely burn calories with cardio?
How can I improve my ability to do speedwork?
Do bodybuilders lose muscle mass faster than powerlifters?
Football Training
Is it possible to load different areas of the muscle lengthwise?
Why is a lateral pulld-own machine easier than pull-ups?
Mini elliptical machine for slimmer legs
How to grip the dumbbell in french press, so I apply even force in both hands?
Full Body Exercises Split Due to Time
Best Exercise For V-Shape Without Weights
Am I expecting too much too soon?
I need help with confidence because i have worked out hard for over a month and a half and still no weight loss on scale?
Biceps growth after biceps curls
Burpees get fit plan
I am 90 KGS plz help me to lose
Is a 600 lb. deadlift possible at 160?
Is drinking a Coca Cola actually a net energy loss?
Three weeks of sore legs - possible overtraining - how should I address this?
Why am I unable to run as fast as I should be able to, based on my VO2max
Why I can't do pull ups/chin ups properly however I am lifting heavy weight and also doing lots of push ups
Does Overhead Press damage your Shoulders? Can Pendlay Rows cause Herniated Disk?
Do planks tighten up hip flexors? (Back pain when doing core exercises)
Can stretching add symmetry to the abs or make legs slimmer and reduce muscle pain after workouts?
Icing the balls for a woman?
Am I doing abs workout right and how should I check my progress?
What preparation and fitness level is required to be able to complete a 'Spartan Sprint' obstacle run
Working out vs. active lifestyle
Libido correlated with muscle-potential?
Doing HIIT instead of longer workouts
Incorporating singlespeed cycling training into current freeweight routine.
How to get rid off Squat Anxiety?
Shoulder muscle problem
Should you massage then stretch or stretch then massage your muscles?
Is muscle growth limited on teens
Are anabolic steroids required to achieve certain strength and musculature?
Going at the gym in early in the morning other than in the evening, how hard should I go?
my easy run speed will help me or not?
VO2 max per split vs per run
Can I get abs without losing muscle in other parts of my body?
Alternative to protein shake after gym
Effects of not eating all my macros?
Can you aggressively lose fat and maintain muscle?
Experiencing Headache while on Keto diet
Are digestive enzymes a must in whey supplements?
Cardio/workout recovery: Potato chips v sports drink
5x5 stronglift to lose belly fat/base for future physique/bodybuilding comp
Normal life with heavy weights
Need Workout advice for home training on Cardio and stamina. I'm Training for Ice hockey
Which side of a gym track should I walk on to be courteous to runners?
Should I Alternate My PPL Workout To Avoid Adaptation?
How to decide between adding reps or adding weight?
How does rep duration affect muscle growth?
Is doing full body workouts and other sports too much?
Stronglifts 5X5 Question about Gains and injuries
Hamstring isolation exercises
Is it ok to arch one's back when performing lat pulldowns?
Is Vinyasa yoga hurting my fitness objectives?
What controls heart rate while workout?
Stretching after workout
Modified pull ups when the bar is too low
Have a question about training routine
Diet plan for vegeterian for building muscle
Why does sugar get such a bad rap for being empty calories while other carbs don't?
Optimal RPM when bicycling?
Where does my weight come from?
What happens if you only work your arms at the gym?
After 2 years cannot do push or pull up - is it more than a strength issue?
Full body + upper/lower workout division
What is the best three exercises for belly fat?
Increasing muscle mass in my left leg considering the following conditions?
Are there any specific exercises that can reduce pain from kneeling?
How do marathons work?
Benefits of stretching if you don't care about flexibility
To reduce obesity, can I depend on elliptical trainer exercise at high resistance?
Bulking diet good enough?
How can I avoid hurting my wrists when using the bar while playing DDR?
Is this an optimal plan for strength and cardio?
How to fill collar gap?
Workout t-shirts and types of fabric
Pseudo - High Gravity Training
Depreciating repetition after each set
What happens when someone does too many crunches?
What are the pros and cons of slow cuts versus fast cuts?
The Push-up Push Workout
What's the opposite exercise to the squat?
Do bodybuilders feel pain when flexing their muscles hard during competitions?
obvious results
Bridge variations
Basal Metabolic Rate calculation
Leg pain after sitting for too long?
How slow is slow walking pace part of the Jeff Galloway Run/Walk method?
How to get "the pump" without supplements or steroids?
Workouts with one arm
How to make my wrist muscle thicker but strong?
Genetics-healthy foods-workouts result get taller
Feasible to use an exercise step with risers as a bench?
best position for explosive pushups
What're the best exercise for lower body in home?
Gym training for swimmers
Should I do weights If I am obese?
Freestyle swimming: Where to breath in (chest vs. stomach)?
Freestyle swimming: When do you stop exhaling?
Natural ways to "enhance" your results?
Should I use workout supplements to decrease food amounts?
How long does it take for my muscles to grow weaker if i skip the gym?
Most efficient way to stand?
When stretching my forearm extensors, should I clench my fist?
Snatch-grip Shoulder Rotation
How do I correlate pace and walk run ratios?
Right way to calculate calories loss while dieting and exercising
Purpose of rectus abdominis training
No Rest Between Cycling And Running
Will exercising decrease the heart lifespan?
After a successful 3 month training, what could it be that made my legs refuse to finish a marathon?
P90x protein menu
Could I be a contest bodybuilder without drugs?
Squats: point feet forward and externally rotate hips?
Getting the best from flexibility training
How to improve teen's agility
Losing My Arms Muscle
What would cause a sudden drop in motivation and workout avoidance?
Leg hurts during side star plank
Arm goes numb during chair dips?
How can I build biceps without supinating the wrist?
Should I do yoga to avoid upper and lower back injuries?
What are some ways to ease a 50 year old asthmatic woman into yoga?
Do you need a trainer to be in good shape? Or can people really do it themselves?
Should I exercise without having a rigorous diet?
Can I build some muscle?
Difference between 3x5 Over head press and 3x12 shoulder press?
Really Bad posture now hurting me whats the best solution?
Can chiropractor really fix lateral pelvic tilt?
How long before a weightlifting session should I ingest proteins?
Coingestion of carbohydrate and protein before/during/after a weightlifting session: how much carbohydrate?
Knuckle push-ups vs Finger push-ups
Will Steroids Without Major Exercise Provide Moderate Gains?
Coingestion of carbohydrate and protein before/during/after a weightlifting session: what type of carbohydrate?
Squats preventing shoulder impingement healing?
Push Ups vs Dumbbell
Should an obese 16 year old male cut calories?
The truth about calories from alcohol
Uneven chest.... Please help
What can I drink all day in lieu of water?
Stairs exercise effect
Is it good or bad to have a weight lifting increase of at least 40-50 lbs on max Squat and RDL in a month?
Dumbbell for arms with different strenght
What is better for me: get a personal trainer, or, a program from a personal trainer?
What are some good 10 minute dumbbell workout for the whole body?
At what age can I start taking supplements?
Scientific studies on methods to improve pushups?
What is the minimum amount of deadlifting sessions a week that is still productive?
Will muscle mass be built on this routine?
Is 15% grade/incline on the treadmill the same as on a road?
Benefits of speedwork during Marathon-training
Debating Whether to Get Personal Trainer or Not
How to maximize dumbbell workouts?
What is a good book for self-teaching, biomechanic and generally well rehabilitation?
Exercise Database with Pictures
Twitching/shaking after intense exercise? How to lessen it?
Increasing height by back/neck straightening exercises?
What can I change in my routine to get to 20 push-ups?
Getting started on shoulders
Can't get my heart rate above 90bpm
How to build a bigger and stronger upper body?
Lat pull-downs vs regular pull-ups
How to reduce belly and face fat
Stronglifts 5x5- How can I catch up on weak dead lift and bench?
Should maintaining neutral sitting posture be tiring for someone trying to fix anterior pelvic tilt?
Preserve muscles while fasting
Is cycling significantly better for knees compared to running?
100 push up challenge.
weightloss vs fatloss
Weight has gone down several pounds, but not trying to lose weight and feel fatter. Why?
Powerlifting vs Strongman
Is having pure sugar during a workout a bad idea?
How to get to 20 pull-ups while having also muscle growth?
Maximum amount of time for anaerobic exercise
Exercise after lesion
Plank Workout Ruotine?
What to do with mild elbow pain
I workout everyday. Weightlifting in the morning and crossfit after work and I never take a rest day
Are pull ups and shrugs opposing exercises?
cardio workout : grading and fat loss efficacy
Dynamic or static version of exercise, like the side plank
How does riding a unicycle compare to riding a bicycle for weight loss?
Rest day for a male in 30s who do planking and burpees?
Why am I instructed to stretch/prolong my fingers when doing pushups?
Will someone help me construct a weight loss plan?
Biceps brachialis sorness but not brachii
Does pushing yourself harder have any benefit to your results?
Can you build size and strength at the same time/together efficiently?
Can you be a professional athlete without the use of steroids/AAS, SARMs, peptides/GH, etc.?
Should I use Fat burner or do more exercise?
What's a good plan for losing 50 pounds in 3 months without diet?
What negative and positive effects random workouts might have on our body?
Muscle pain after workout
I have decent physical strength but do not look muscular. What do I need to change in my workout?
Abdomen training window
How can I strengthen my legs for running?
Body Building for 40+
Biceps increase without curls
Enough Air Input for Free style
How much competition weight loss can be considered safe?
Weight loss and fat reduction with workouts / exercise / activity / diet
Is there any sport that helps increase height?
Suggestions regarding prework out supplements to boost workout
ankle weights for glutes
Proper hand placement for chest flys?
DEXA scan showing I gain more muscle when restricting calories. Why?
Shoulder training technique
Can you run at your maximum heart rate?
What can help me build muscle faster than diet, exercise, and rest alone?
Gym accesories for less force for grip
Pain in lower inward part of my feet during long run (and certain type of shoes)
Tips to avoid muscle loss when cutting?
Angle for reverse dumbbell flyes
My body has adapted to walking
There's any problem in not completing the repetitions in trainning?
No access to gym for a month
Positions and variations in stomach vacuum
is working out before lunch the best during the work day?
How Can I avoid Plateau?
Punching power and Incline bench pressing
Aerobics before or after weight lifting?
Sites that create personalized workout routine based on target weight?
Can you effectively put on mass while being highly active/fit?
Squatting a day after Deadlift
Why do bodybuilders need so much protein when 70 % of muscle is water?
Can fitness be "regained" like muscle can with muscle memory?
training abs every day, several times a day
What is the best time for a short walk before or after the meal?
Shoulder mobility exercises cause pain
What kind of exercise would you recommend for relatively fit person working from home?
Back Pain after workout and Remedies
Neck Excercise utility
which is better for a pull up tree branch or actual bar
What is this weird exercise given to me by my Trainer for chest?
How accurate is body fat calculator?
Backpack carrying problem resolution excercise
What are some early signs of loose skin when trying to lose weight?
How to reduce fatigue after office?
Impossible to naturally build muscle steadily without gaining fat?
Faster way to lose weight for med test
Can weighted Pushups replace Benchpress?
Long term effects of full-rest pull-ups
Name exercise for abs in the dip bars
How to choose a treadmill for a Walking Desk aka Treadmill Desk
What stretches are useful before riding a recumbent trike?
Lower abs not hurting
Do crunches actually increase belly size?
Legs gave out after 55 squats?
One side farmer carry
I pulled my toddler in a wagon almost all day yesterday
Weight effect when dining out
stomach sloshing then a stitch
Sore soleus (but not gastrocnemius)
Any advantages of using a Power Plate for planks?
How would you acheive a full body workout in a bare cube room?
Is there a name for a reverse push-up executed by pushing with the elbows?
Sit on the floor makes low back round
Shoulder shrug with weight limitation
Dumb bell pullover muscles
Learning freestyle: More or longer repetitions?
Teaching Deadlifts and Kettlebell Swings
Please help me with the diet plan plan
abs at home workouts-diet
Effectiveness of Abdominal Vacuum
Drowning in the sea when swimming
Make hands and shoulders fat and reduce belly fat at a time
Cable Pulldown wrong muscle activation
Pain Point in Bicep curl
can we reduce belly fat by machines or by medical treatments
Is there any disadvantages in losing too much weight in minimum time
is eating 6 times instead of 3 times will help reduce belly fat?
Is really sugars present in fruits will increase belly fat?
why fat will store only in belly region
is there any food for weight loss
going to gym and workout with thin or fat body - which is better?
Bar bell shrugs difiicult
burpees for weight loss
Best way to fix rounding shoulders?
Improve my running
What does under armor actually do?
Does my breast size decrease permanently after weight loss?
Scientifically valid ways of naturally increasing breast size?
Can't get big arms in a sparing calorie deficit?
Testosterone and bodyfat correlation -- a myth or no?
Walking faster V/s Running
Preparing for moving to new house
What is the suggested starting weight for The Greyskull Linear Progression?
Angle importance in Inclined Chest fly
Which pose/stretch is this?
Lifting weights
Exercise band lateral walk muscles used?
I swim 3 days a week â€” How much and when should I run, and lift dumbbells?
breath technique during jogging
Is running almost every day bad during a bulking phase?
Gaining muscle/strength while losing weight
Should I bulk up or keep cutting fat?
Proper form for excercise
Is it possible to learn to "feel" that the right muscles(s) are being exercised?
Is a "six pack stomach" dependent on only a handful of exercises and if so, what are they?
Is it actually possible to control stomach muscles to the level done by the Aikido instructor in the 2008 Incredible Hulk movie?
Proper way to carry weight for long distance
Exercising with spectacles
How to properly use Protein Shakes
Does running/biking suffice as a leg workout?
proper wrist extension movement
Help and Tips needing for workout plan
Running both morning and evening everyday
Would you allow your child to play tennis?
wrist curl and reverse wrist curl
Do Avocado and Bacon Fat Cancel Out?
Does caffeine restore performance when tired?
Smaller and quiet alternative of a tire of sledgehammer workout
How to select running shoes for performance?
Barbell says 20kg on each side. Am I lifting 20 or 40kg?
How to bring Cholesterol down with workouts
Why ear pain in diving
Am I losing weight too slowly?
Adding Muscle Mass using "NO LOAD" resistance training
walking to lose weight - what should I expect?
If the main part in getting "six pack abs" is removing fat, why don't we see people during famine have "six-packs"?
Improve workout endurance and results by adding nutrition supplements?
Will Eating Dark chocloate help to reduce fat?
Do bodybuilders lose their sex drive when they are dyhadrated and extremely low in body fat for competition?
New to working out, is this good?
Swimming timing improvement help
Home- chest workouts-gym bar only in floor
What are the fastest ways to lose weight?
Why isn't "setting" a hand gripper cheating?
Question about my pushups style
Can losing weight from diarrhea affect chest muscles?
Is it possible to gain 1.5-2 inches on arms and 2 inches on chest without protein supplement
What are the best excises to do in gym for beginners
Is my back bending during my push-up?
Alternate for Whey!
Advantages and downsides of route with slopes
How to Train Abs?
IT Guy meal plan
Regarding drop in stamina while running?
Is this back program complete?
Forcefully exhaling during heavy squats
Foundational Stetches for CrossFit
What is the best way to gain size in ankle area
How to Influence genetics
How to fail in a squat-rack
Eyes goes red when i do knuckle pushups. Is this normal?
What is the name of the test I had on my first day at gym?
Can I do crunch and twist exercise on bed?
Muscles-strenght-height by avoiding ldl cholesterol
Pushup Requirement for Test
Wearing running shoes for casual walk
rounded shoulders in planks
Exercise for standing from position sitting on the ground?
Leg "Openings" for beginner
Is it possible to gain muscle while being on a calorie deficit?
Fit a good workout into the lunch hour?
Better muscle memory(dancing) after weight lifting
Do I need to be in calorie surplus to get stronger?
Are all resistance bands the same?
Skinny 141lbs 5'10" with bad posture and belly pouch
Clear cut explaination of threshold training
How can I convert from one rep range to another?
Are abs muscles able to grow?
Weight difference in excercise for same muscle
Are the idea of 3x10 reps just internet talk?
workout daily or not?
What does "genetic potential" really mean? Does it really mean anything?
Optimal program for saving time, hitting all muscles 2x a week + abs every workout
Alternative to lat pulldown
I don't understand the difference between banded squats and reverse band squats
I want to get ripped but don't know where to start. HELP!
Training in HR Zone 5
The best protein intake to build muscles
Squat getting strong but legs don't grow
Is cycling good or bad for lumbar hyperlordosis?
Point of cross body hammer curl
Lifting heavier weights with my right arm
Sore glutes from running
Can I still drink and train to run a marathon?
Progressing into iron cross
Does sweating interfere to the muscle/weight gain?
What happens to testosterone levels when bodybuilders are low in body fat and dyhatrated?
Any tips for not losing muscle mass?
More hours in the gym
cant do my 10 reps
I can't touch my butt with my heel
Diet for increasing cardiovascular fitness
Influence of breathing on posture (NOT posture on breathing)
Identification and Effectiveness of excercise
Are heart rate monitors in watches or exercise machines more accurate?
Will reducing Calluses improve or worsen blistering (running)
Weight lifting in a very small space
Muscle helping Arm lowering
Home training / workout for very inactive person (swimming alternative?)
Meaning of "time in zone"
Getting stressed for going to gym
What's wrong with losing more than 6 pounds per week?
Gluteus Maximus Development Tips For Men
I grew fat due to age-related changes. Will I gain muscle mass more easily now?
How to strengthen my ankle after an injury?
Prevent wrist-injuries when doing curls with high weight
Can I use kettlebell like this also?
Mixing Supplements
Is there a chance to develop lotus position during adulthood?
What is a "suitcase" fall?
Should I start breathing deep immediately starting a sprint
Mid-back pain after front lever exercises
How does frequency affect recovery, controlling for intensity and volume?
Putting weight on stomach
Is it OK to do Cardio on a weight training rest day?
Thighs rubbing during running
Carb intake when following an exercise plan?
Using a speed rope?
Keeping constant pace while being in same HR zone
Can bodyweight exercises induce body recomposition?
Exercise grouping - Should I group exercises targeting the same part of the body?
Burning LDL with bike rides
Does muscle gain equal fat loss
Is there an accurate way to assess the fast/slow-twitch muscle fiber ratio in your legs?
Do prone raises work the Supraspinatus?
Alternative exercise for Hang Clean (torn meniscus)
Is it my grip or is it the bar?
Movement for Good Morning vs. RDL
Deadlifting during and after MCL class Ii
Could not work out for 3 months due to injury.....Any suggestions?
Can run in place endlessly, but tire for distance. Why?
High testosterone, but can't get muscular or ripped easily?
Muscles involved in Walking with different way
Carrying a child out of a pram (back pain)
Why is one sleepy/tired after playing basketball but not after running?
Been sick with flu almost for a month - how deep is fall
Are 5x5 or Starting Strength Beginner Programs (That Shouldn't be Used Indefinitely)?
How to do HIIT when it takes a while for the treadmill to speed up and slow down?
Right leg becoming sore after swimming 1000m
Push-up Range of Motion
Sodium - reduce salt from a salty food?
Getting into a meditative mindset for yoga
I'm not losing weight
My right arm looks slightly bigger than the left arm
Lose weight at home?
Yawning during physical activity
What is the correct workout order? (I.e. warm-up, mobility work, lifts, stretches, cooling down)
Rest time and training other muscles
Avoid hurting toes during push ups
Is my knee pain during flexion a tendon issue?
Lost swimming cardio, replacement with jogging
Progressing while losing weight on a low carb diet?
Is this too much Protein?
Cleaning your body of Creatine and Amino Acids
Muscles Won't grow even after following Good diet and Routine
I'm having problem with pushup, benchpress at 3rd day at gym
How accurate is Garmin's VO2 max estimate?
Daily Yin Yoga Hamstring Workout
How should I train to build my endurance for climbing hills?
Exercises for this muscle
Benefit of repeat hypertrophy
Cardiovascular exercise with mild injury
Abdominal exercise through menstrual cramps or stop?
How to maximize the benefits of a long time at the gym?
Will this help become more fit?
Rationale behind Rep Range recommendations - Strength vs Hypertrophy
Adding a 4th day, how to alter my current routine?
Focus on 1 muscle group or not
Side laying flexion: what muscles worked?
What factors affect underwater swimming endurance and how to improve it?
how to get over the fear of doing a backhandspring
Group same muscles exercise
How do I make sure extra calories go to muscle?
Looking for new ideas for exercises
Why do I develop leg muscle pain 3x faster when cycling only SOME days?
Interval of time and Conditions for doing push ups and strength training?
Does heat cream benefit the regeneration?
Doing HIIT everyday and 3 day workout routine per week in the gym is good for my health?
How would it possible to do Hammer Curls on Gymnastic Rings?
Numb Tingeling in Big Toes
What should be the ideal power of a trademill motor for 70 kg man?
Bmr to 2500 calories explained
Feedback on workout plan and timeline
what activity elevates your center of gravity?
Can you use the treadmill with APT?
I am losing mass even tho, I've been consistent with my training from time I started gym
15 year old needs workout plan and help
Most efficient way to burn fat?
Losing Lean Muscle Mass (Detraining)
Choosing the correct metabolic rate
Whey Protein before or after workout? type 1 diabetic.
Whether or not to buy weighted vest
How can I lose weight? 13yr old
Pullup bar for door or station?
Unable to accustome to running in higher temperatures as a runner
Strict keto diet - still not losing weight
Lower trapezius usefulness?
split carbs, proteins, fruits for each meal or combined all in one meal
Site where I can easily see running routes in a city
How does a middle-aged person know when he is over-exercising?
Hitting a plateau in exercises
Why is it that my Deltoid muscle cracks sometimes when I lift my arm?
Which exercises best treat an existing runners knee injury
Is this program suited for strength end moderate growth?
Ball vs heel strike when walking or light jogging?
What handy protein source before going to bed after training day?
"Triceps" dips completely alleviate shoulder pain?
Will weight lifting affect speed and flexibility?
Is cocoa consumed every day bad?
Runing 20 km after 10 days
Is clenching one's legs and torso bad form for squeezing out one more push-up when going to failure?
Is this good or not
55 year old and new to rowing machine cardio workout
Good exercises to burn fat with bad knees?
Left side bigger than right side
Injury - bruise -mainly on face
How long would cutting phase last
Eating not right -gain muscles or no
Is there a body animator I can use to demonstrate exercise movements?
Intermittent fasting and lifting?
Consuming proteins only after training?
Exercises for Abs (Chronic Neck Pain)
HIIT timer with exercise?
How to avoid little red dots when doing hand stand pushups?
Increasing height by at most 4 inches
Exercises to reduce waist width
I feel no burn from the bench press
What to replace potassium orotate with?
What would be the best at home exercises I can do when I can't get to the gym?
Excercise to strengthen for writing speed
Sun in my eyes while running; sunglasses not cutting it
How to burn fat and build muscle at the same time?
Small equipments for abs
Scaling Bodyweight Dips
Handstand technique - Should I lock my elbows?
Exercise for carrying things on arms
Best preworkout and post workout supplement to help body recover immediately
How many miles can I run without losing muscle mass?
1 hour of weights, followed by 1 hour of swimming, followed by 1 hour of jogging: analysis?
Feeling uneasy at 90-100 BPM and it takes time to lower it down
What harm does it do if a bodybuilder wears no gloves when working out at a gym?
run out of stamina during workout
Stretches for Lifts
Should everyone be able to touch their elbows to their torso?
Dislocated left shoulder, which core exercises are safe?
Home chest push ups-middle-inner-low
Is it bad to run on a (relatively) full stomach?
Workouts provoke tension problem with sleep
Can I finish a marathon without finishing training?
looking for best way to progressively increase my leg muscles without making my hurt cartilage more hurt?
Protein supplement recommendation based on diet
Injury cause in elbow position
Asymmetry in cross body shoulder stretch
Is there any medically verified research around the benefit of Compression Arm Sleeves?
Identification and effected muscles of excercise
How fit does my body need to be before starting weight training?
What are the effective differences of negative vs. assisted pull-ups?
How to best physically prepare for Snowboarding?
Stretch to Improve Arm Closing Flexibility
Strength without size
Question about rep ranges and muscle fiber activation.
Periodic workout routine to fix anterior pelvic tilt?
Correct way to start Meditation and Fitness Exercise
Can pole dancing constrict veins and worsen varicose veins?
Lower back pain from carrying a baby
Full body workout for strength with minimal size
Is calories in vs. calories out 100% the same for every individual?
Does excessive running training like Marathon eat away muscle growth?
Can protein obtained from eating insect totally replace red meat, fish and egg white?
Excercise to avoid Back Pain after crunches
How to deal with a person that consistently misuses the squat rack?
Abs-Last line up to the belly button (Home)
Rotator Cuff Exercise in The Context Of A 5 Day Workout
Bench pressing when your feet are not touching the ground: dangerous? Risks?
What is the most scientific way of supplementing body with water during a two-hour gym workout?
Can hyperventilating increase lung capacity or fitness?
Pain in Back after lifting body
Incline curl difficulty
Situps are being a pain even though my abs aren't sore anymore
Why big weight bench press makes me feel less sore?
Why do I tend to fall backwards when squatting low?
Arnold Dumbbell Press mechanism
What hand-made drink do you have during workouts?
Device to train abs while sitting
What sort of progress should I be expecting with burpee sets?
How often should yoga be done on hands
Is it quite OKAY to do 45 Degree Leg Press alone to replace squat?
Growing up by playing sports
Gym-Killing injuries
What exercises are best for forearm strength (for bouldering)?
Leg exercises specifically for skiing?
Fear-control the nerve system
Catalogue for exercise names and images
Started running after 5 years of doing nothing
Exercise for the face muscles
How can this lifting routine be improved, and when is it necessary to swap exercises?
How to handle bathing suit and towel for high school PE?
Wheel ab workout equipment
Height and ability to gain muscle mass
How do I lose muscle and fat in my thighs?
Strenght-gain period in fullbody workout way
Does overtraining cause an initial increase in testosterone levels in men?
What exercise raises calf insertion?
Does static stretching long term improve exercise performance for trained athletes?
When is the best time to do farmer's walking?
How to be patient
Can I take a protein shake twice a day?
The visible results on abs small or big
Equipment for lower chest at home
Why I can squat but can't deadlift the same weight without indulging my lower back?
How should I balance cardio and weights training for optimal strength but good cardiovascular stamina?
Upper Spine Pain after Overhead Press
Is it okay to experience pain right after a squat rep?
What kind of exercises should I do to develop more endurance for sally up pushup challenge?
What kind of exercises should I do to build up endurance, speed and agility?
Can bone thickness be increase through exercise in adulthood?
Testing fitness with push-ups, 1-2 mile run
At what point is it worth using a powerlifting belt?
Which set of training weeks should I choose according to the book â€œDaniels' Running Formulaâ€
A workout regimen for regaining strength and pleateau breaking?
Starting musculation at 30 years old, is it good?
What EXACTLY do I do to get my resting heart rate down to below 40?
Heart rate monitor on a smartwatch
Correct exercise extension
How few weight lifting exercises can I do and still get a good workout of the back muscles?
Hypoglycemic persons gym plan?
Best whey protein with no GMO
How to combine strength, hypertrophy and stability in one weight training program
Aerobic capacity standards/classifications
Center-less barbell. Would it be the same?
How to construct workout with heavy lifting and not getting bulky?
Name of gymnastics move (or variation)
Is there a purpose for this slapping at the top of reps?
Warmup exercises before running
Felt like vomiting while working out in the Gym!
Deadlift/squat: should I spread or pinch together the shoulder blades? What can happen if I got it wrong?
What could be the best workout routine for loosing fat and building muscle simultaneously including weight training and cardio?
What is the optimal routine for overweight people, hypertrophy or strength training?
heavy squats burn 9000 calories?
Getting back into working out after year hiatus
Weight lifting and muscle adhesions / knots
Cold weather and workout outside
Hex Bar Deadlift: Should my upper back be sore?
Will the 'split test' work for right splits, and not only middle splits?
Is xtend BCAA really effective?
Eating Saturated Fat along with Carbs in LCHF Diet
Why do elite cyclists seem to have higher VO2 max tham elite marathon runners?
Should I fix my tight muscles before beginning a weight lifting program?
Are strong hands less effective if they're smaller?
What are all the barbell collar types?
Alcohol and gym gains
Is the neck's volume largely genetic just like the calf?
How to create the small triangle on chest
Is there a point to owning my own dip belt, or should I just use gym's?
How does someone position their arms on this Reverse Fly machine?
Cross fit gym safe?
My steady-state running speed doesn't seem to increase
Bigger abs at home
Is a way to define abs (lower abs)-slim guy
Biceps with dumbells-heavy lift
squat much more than bench: need to introduce more upper-body lifts?
I can't figure out which muscle is weakest/tight
How to prevent nausea/stomach ache during workouts
Exercises for bow legs?
Trying yoga with multiple injuries
Recurrent pain in the abdominal area after workout
Is it possible to regain muscle strength after anorexia and surgery?
Dedicate one whole day for abs
Does proper incline bench form require pinched shoulder blades?
Strength and conditioning for blood circulation
Lack of protein?
How fast is water added to swimming pools?
Fullbody vs body split workout for body transformation?
Underweight female-gym routines?
Back to the gym after ilness
Losing weight altough eating normal because of bouldering?
Are BCAA supplements and/or creatine necessary when balancing power and cardio training?
Too low amount of calories?
Foot splay whilst running
stretching before/after massage for flexibility gain
Amino Energy whilst & post Workout
How to Maintain Muscle During a Layoff
Should a recreational fitness user with moderate goals go through bulk/cut phases?
What would be drawbacks (apart from pain) and benefits to go to gym with sore muscles?
Donkey kick primary muscle used
how much cardio and weight training per day for beginners
Recommendations for best running watches for syncing to smartphones?
Goals in order: run faster, lose bodyfat
How effective is a push-up/pull-up routine?
How can I design a simple as possible weight lifting program that involves all the big compund exercises?
Ideal BMI / Body & Vicelar fat for my body measurements
Relevance of selected activity in a fitness tracker while using a heart monitor
Training different parts in turn
Pain after doing squats for a new exerciser
How much does adrenaline/warming up effect strength performance?
Do high reps build strength?
Organized run attire etiquette
Identifying weak muscles in a muscular imbalance
Is protein shake diet good?
How can I increase my vertical jump?
rest day planks
What is the proper form when lowering the barbell?
How should I integrate 5K training with bodyweight exercises?
Loose fat, gain muscle simultaneously
Bulking with cardio?
Improving knee flexibility
Working Biceps and Triceps the next day after Chest and Back
Diet plan review
Stepping down safely for knee
Should an 18-year-old overweight woman take supplements?
What should one do in case of whey protein allergy?
Ways to train calves with blocked ankle?
How to even out a punching bag when the weight gets settled on the bottom?
Does the order of exercising a specific muscle first in a split routine matters?
Is higher intensity cardio on off days detrimental to strength training?
bicep definition with palm facing out (using dumbbells)
What are all the weightlifting plate/disc types, and what are their uses?
Is my torso short for my legs length?
Relevance to increase kettlebell weight
Combining HIIT and weights
Over a 24 hour cycle does weight/resistance training increase hunger more or less than high intensity interval training (HIIT)?
How can I make Atlas stones loadable and calibrate-able?
What's the highest heart rate that I can exercise and still be very fresh for work?
How to train arms for being the head in lion dancing?
Do obese and unfit people tend to be stronger than slender people who train?
No matter how hard I try, I just can't lift my back up in sit-ups
Protein intake during workout break
What can I do to follow/replicate a home exercise routine at the gym?
Exhausted after ice dipping
What time shall I eat Protein? (a regular cyclist who wanna gain shoulders)
Why I can't touch my toes and how to fix it?
5:2 Intermittent Fasting with daily exercise
Pulldowns from waist
Developing fast twitch muscles with small weights
Maffetone aerobic base training for uphill hiking training
What kind of weight training can I start my 12 year old son on?
Does long distance running prevent muscle/strength gain?
How can I perform high-pull ups?
Feel bad after a Max O2 test - is it normal?
Do curved treadmills help with proper running form?
Practical Yoga disipline
StrongLifts 5x5 and running on alternate days
Strength training to prevent accidents
A2G Squats: Is Ankle Flexibility the Right Concern?
Can I take protein shake instead of lunch?
Should I deload? When should I deload? And, how should I deload?
Breathing through the mouth
Impact of cardio during caloric surplus (Bulking phase)
Bending knees in reverse hyperextension
How is my new full body plan?
Cannot maintain macro: Effect of maximizing specific macros
Does walking, running and jogging improve the health?
Does work capacity have infinite growth potential?
Not sure where to start? Underweight, bad cardio and diet
How many calories are burnt while typing on the keyboard?
When to Stretch and Foam Roll
Weight loss on a vegan diet
How to minimize upper trap activation on facepull?
Skill learning while Bodybuilding
Hanging upside down
iliotibial band pain when trying to increase cadence and run faster
Rotator Cuff Training
Difference between Y Raise variations
HIIT / HIT training with Heart Rate Monitor
How to reduce body fat?
How to increase rotator cuff activation on pull-up?(Weighted Pull-Up or Bodyweight Pull-Up)
How long after a long run can one (body weight) exercise?
Shoulder Blade Problem
Does over training exist?
I have 7 weeks left for a power-lifting competition. It's my first time; how do I prepare?
Why do muscle gain articles focus on total calories rather than protein for skinny high metabolism body types?
How to train musculation during a fasting period?
Are kettlebells swings special?
RunDisney: Inappropriate Corral Management
Trying different protein powders for taste
Heartrate bump 10mins into exercise
How to develop the smaller muscles of the back?
Resistance training and avoiding chronic injury: are squat/deadlift/bench safe?
belly fat reduction without losing weight
Totally ditching chest training
Jumping rope aka Skipping
Balance issues with the overhead press
Exercise to improve sleep
How is muscle micro-damage different from physical muscle damage?
Is the hookgrip dangerous?
Why do I get a sharp pain in my shoulder when I do pike push-ups?
App for Interval Timing for Sprints
Training like a bull
How to increase muscle mass while conserving toned body shape?
How to tell whether or not I've made progress, dumbbells vs machine?
How fast should my base runs be?
Which diet at begining of musculation on bulking period?
Do you need a variety of foods in your diet?
I have about 18.5% body fat. Am I too fat?
Optimal sequence of workouts during split routines
Gaining fat for muscles-stomach fat
Squats and strange looking knees
What workouts are for chest inflate at home
Why do we get fat only to a certain point?
how to keep the chest tendon injury free while training heavy bench press?
Rectus abdominis vs oblique muscles
Partial reps for muscle growth
How to loose weight when nearly 400 pounds
Training @lactate threshold decreases anaerobic capacity
are heels coming up when you squat an illegal lift for powerlifting competitions?
Motorized inversion chair (or table) that flip person on stomach?
Neck band rotation
Creatine and water retention. Why to drink more water?
What is the best stance for BB squats for me?
Weight gaining with or without gym
How to avoid overworking lower back?
Can I skip chest day completely?
What do I do to prevent hernias?
Is this an adequate diet/exercise plan for weight loss?
Am I training too much?
How can I safely increase gluteal load in the bulgarian squat?
Unable to use left arm, what exercises should I do?
Can Deadlifts be used as a supplement to increase squats PR?
Can 3 days training to fail per week cause over-training?
Practical applications of the earthquake/bamboo bar
Flexibility training - short & intense vs. long & light
Relationship between frequency and workout plans
How can I improve my diet and exercise routine?
Does dieting and workouts mix well?
How do I progress in my squats?
Indirect inguinal and gym? Can it be done?
Time per workouts using ab wheel for bigger abs workout
How to select running shoes for rainy weather
Relaxed belly no abs show
Is there a technical reason why small plates go on the outside of the collars?
Small home equipment for chest
Can Pistol Squats replace Barbell Squats?
If optimal rep range is 8-12 for hypertrophy, why does my aesthetics focused program has 5 reps for some workouts?
Lower back rounding
Working out fatigued muscles!
Trouble walking upstairs
Easy alternative to chicken breast? (or extremely practical way to prepare and eat it?)
Impact of bike commute on running performance
Understanding Greasing the Groove method
Why are regular push-ups the norm?
Started to gain weight, some in abdominal region
How Can I remove my muscle weakness? Please advise
Are reverse (vs. forward) lunges easier on the knees?
Does eating sugar before sleeping reduce muscle regeneration and growth?
How much will I be able to bench press?
How can I use kettlebell and dumbell training at home to minimize time in the gym?
Which sources give fitness programs for living longer?
Deadlifts:Which is the best stance: normal or wide?
Weight size when training for power (not for maximum strength, resistance or body size)
How is it famous action actors are able to do the workouts they do for a role?
How can control my heart rate during running?
Bench press with light weights
Decreasing reps per set, what is this called?
Are supersets an effective way to gain size?
Stomach Vacuum/Cat vomit: next step for more permanent results
How much weight am I lifting doing sit-ups?
Negative squats
What are some exercises that I can do for an easily dislocated shoulder?
Intermittent Fasting: When to Workout
Cellular muscle size
My Max HR declines the more I exercise
What Type Of Protein Is Best For You?
Why does my belly stick out so much when I am relaxed but have a six pack when I am flexing?
One set 7 days/week vs 2 sets 3-4 days/week to optimize both strength and hypertrophy
Abdominal role in squats
Can resistance training change your skeleton shape?
How long would it take for a skinny man to get fit and 6 pack?
What happens if you overeat on cheat day?
Home back exercises without equipment
How do I fix scapular winging?
Can I get taller at 17?
Total Fast on Last Day of the Week to Cut Fat and Retain Muscle?
Can an intense core/abs workout gives you diarrhea?
Weight loss conundrum
Exercise in the evening and sleep
Hanging leg curls
Lower leg training
Why's Stronglifts going straight to my gut?
Pin squats vs full squat vs box squats
Is the kettlebell double handed swing basically a vertical jump with an added pendulum movement?
Breaking in running shoes?
How much protein i really need per day for muscle gain with moderate workout
Does running faster burn more calories?
Different between biceps and triceps?
Which Cardio machine is best for speed fat burn process?
Impact on hypertrophy: 2 sets vs. 3 sets for every different exercise
What muscles would benefit from walking with a boulder cradled in both arms?
Doing workout when we are suffering from diarrhea
Transform body fat in muscle
Can I run a 5k before a track meet?
How do I lose cheek fat?
How to strengthen skeletal muscles
I need some help running further distances
How should men above 40 train cardio?
What is a body strength?
How to construct a compound movement workout including the Super sets?
cardio program to be performed in the gym
Is keeping my HR greater than 185 for 15 min safe?
What are the best butt workouts men?
workout with minimum protein
workout in weekdays & eating protein in weekend?
Multiple sets or Multiple exercises?
One butt muscle is getting bigger
Why does everyone have different shaped abs
Incline or Flat Bench First? Dumbbell or Barbell First? Why?
How exactly to do mind-muscle connection?
Define the upper abs only workouts-low body fat
Correcting rounded shoulders by adjusting sleeping position, arms going numb
Sleeping with pillows under legs to correct anterior pelvic tilt
What is a different between different kind of pushup workout?
How to gain strength and muscle with a power twister workout?
Are protein shakes messing up my weight loss?
Flexibility loss timeframe
Back and squats
Grow peak on biceps -genetics
Tendon strenghtening with overspeed eccentrics
I want to make a daily home workout schedule
Buying readymade healthy food
M/18/5'5"/105lbs (1.6m/48kg) I want to gain weight
Can equal burst and rest intervals workout be considered HIIT?
Which will produce faster fat loss results in a caloric deficit, myofibrillar or sarcoplasmic hypertrophy?
Can we do pressing movements two days in a row
Muscle gain if we sleep 7 hours instead of 9 hours
What is the effect of spreading a workout over a day?
How many calories are burned doing Starting Strength, Stronglifts, or equivalent?
Aerobic Video Game type exercises
How can I lose weight more effectively with bodybuilding?
External factors influencing running performance
Short Timeframe Health
How to prevent "good morning" when squatting?
How do i change my diet so I can workout in the morning
Is focusing on the breathing an external focus, or internal focus, and is there research to back this up?
Accessory Navicular Syndrome Revovery Without Surgery
Does jumping a rope in the anaerobic zone build muscle?
Building endurance after long term injury
How to calculate muscle and kg needed to obtain your body type you wanted
Shoulders hurt after 4 push ups
Is there any benefit to make a pause at the maximum of the contraction?
Leg glute pushdown vs. leg press for glutes?
How much can be developed the low pecs of chest
How do 155 pound weightlifters manage to snatch 300+ pounds?
Lazar Angelov: 90 Days meal plan
Does running a few miles daily makes you lose musculature?
Can the hundred abdominal pilates build abs muscles?
Which stretches should one do every day to reverse efects of sitting at work?
Specific form of pull up technique question
What is a effect of using green tea with workout?
I can't do curl ups without someone holding my feet down?
How often and how long will take to do Forward Splits
BCAA use in Fasting
Need help finding a pre-run meal
What are the benefits of box jumps compared to the stair climber?
How can I transition from obese to Mesomorph?
Correct way to track varying exercises
How much can the body change in 6 weeks?
How many times I should repeat plank?
Hot or cold shower for muscle growth on workout days
How do I know whether it is the time to increase weight or to increase reps?
Diet for Muscle Building and Fat Loss
Trying to lose as much weight as possible in 7 days. 2 days done, been swimming, what more should I do?
Did I tear some kind of core supportive muscle / what injury did I do to myself?
Complementary exercises to YOGA for releasing tension?
I have atrophied pectorals. How should I train them ? Pictures
The science of flexibility
What next, after Pistol Squats
Assuming a three day fast, what is the percentage of protein burned in the fourth day?
How can it grow the chest by different variation of push-ups
Cut food-low body fat to show more muscular
How does the use of push-up bars work the chest differently, if at all?
Is Whey Protein Bad For the Heart
Will higher level of intensity induce hypertrophy/strength
Recommendations/tips/improvements for a training program with my current gear
APT and swimming
Arranging powerlifting and martial arts workouts for optimal recovery
What training approach should I have to miss gym for 2 months?
Feedback on current work-out scheme
Is it possible/useful to create core soreness?
strength and mass
Would adding weight to a daily work increase any benefit?
Do you burn more calories walking when you're young or old?
Is it possible to swim 125 km in week?
Tuna in brine as a replacement of protein shakes
Weight training for muscular endurance
Stubborn anterior pelvic tilt (excessive lumbar lordosis)
Frequency of ''Full body'' training
Madcow 5x5 with 2 days schedule, will it work?
Split squats over normal squats
Abs with lower fat better results
Passive stretching of hip flexors and quads
Does "bracing" the core increase the risk of injuries like hernia?
Wrist pain when cycling for over an hour
Triceps/rear delt take over rows
Alternating program
Should I skip the gym in middle when I can't take enough protein
Completeness of push up and biceps curls for upper arm
Maximalist program
Upper trap Y raise
Advice on running plan
Do planks increase muscle endurance rather than induce muscle hypertrophy?
Is toes lifting from the ground during a squat considered bad form
How do I Measure cardio fitness by heart rate?
Is 6 strength workouts a week always a bad idea?
Are mobility exercises treating the symptom instead of the cause?
Bench press, dips, push ups
Steel hamstrings
Close fitting trisuit - How to alleviate nipple burn from chest hair?
Is it good to roll your lower back with tennis ball?
How to run 1 hr/day 6 days/week without getting acne from carbs?
How to tell if you have reached peak cardio
Can knee flexion exercises improve hip extension strength?
Which mimimum set of resistance exercises should I do every day to offset the effects of sitting at work?
Exercises for protruding stomach
Is it easier to gain chest than other body parts?
Why do people seem to find biking tiring even for short trips when exercise is supposed to enhance productivity and health?
Experiencing cramps in posterior pelvic crest after even light jogs
If using bike or jog commutes as active recovery, how much can I push and still count as active recovery?
Can running up/down stairs substitute for hill runs in half-marathons?
Should I eat a lot of calories while doing musculation if I already have some fat?
Should I use whey protein?
Is low intensity cardio the only way to induce an increase in stroke volume?
Slim guy-chest-define low pecs at home
Lower back tightness after sprinting: strengthening?
Importance of conditioning for weightlifting
Elbow Position During Bench Press
How is she aligning the hips?
How to adapt the progression in hypertrophy routines?
If I can't guarantee consistent 6+ hours of sleep a night, is weight lifting worth it?
No Pain when training abs
Wallsit - Any Benefit to the Wall?
Question about getting in shape for holiday - diet question!
Should I stop doing cardio?
Does the GVT actually work for mass gain in non-enhanced lifters?
Blood lactate and glucose
Will I get the same results if I perform half of my workout at one time and then the other half later in the day?
Will I gain mass effectively with this program? Slightly modified stronglifts 5x5
Recommendations on an ALL-ROUND Program
Full body 6 times a week
Is this a good split? Made my own template
Working out arms twice a day
Can someone help me design a routine given these constraints? (small apartment gym)
Who else does behind-the-neck presses this way?
Why is cheese considered to be unhealthy even though one slice of processed cheese averages at around 50-60cals?
Weight change with adaptive metabolism
Difficult to keep legs up during double lying leg raise
Strategy for Max Heart Rate Hit when Running
Why does my look differ so much after the gym?
How are Sisal ropes compared to Manila ropes in Gym Climbing, in terms of hand feel as well as other characteristics?
What is the best break timeframe between muscle building workouts, and is it ok to do cardio?
Loading the bar asymmetrically
Protein Supplements and Gout
post stretching tightness in posterior leg muscles
Explosive bench press form
Strategy to Complete 1.6 km in 14 minutes
Help me making my next training plan
Am I eating too much or too little?
Why do machine weights increase in steps of 7kg, while dumbbells in steps of 2.5kg?
"Warming up" - What is actuall happening in muscles and tendons?
which supplements to go for?
Can I use hip adductor machine to stretch legs for splits?
Diet/exercise plan for lean bulking
How much body mass will I lose by switching over from lifting to calisthenics?
Macros seem way too high?
Stronglifts 5x5 related question
How to balance the weaker hand while doing symmetric exercises?
Should I use chair armrest or not?
When measuring heart-rate recovery, what should I compare?
Water in protein shakes doesn't count?
How do I calculate the necessary calorie intake?
How to tackle weak glutes?
Best protein powders for vegan who wants to build muscle
Effective ways to lose weight and gain muscle
How can i solve my shoulder pain during exercises in gym?
Any Sledgehammer Tire target alternatives - Ballistic/Extremely High Density rubber OR Plyometric Foam? [Not exercise alternatives Pls]
how can i combine fitness and diabets together ? how can i be a professioal athlete?
Full Body Workout Routine for late novice
Gaining weight despite diet
I am filling a given volume with Lead shot. Which size will give maximum weight - Size 7 or size 12
Why is it so beneficial to a human being to sleep 7 or 8 hours to have good muscle growth?
Bodyweight Workouts Sets & Reps and Intensity & Volume - Difference in completing in Single session instead of spread over Multiple?
Which sports persons have more developed calves/ calf muscles due to sport activity & training protocols/ exercises?
Will I make good progress in my shoulder strength if I exercise them only once a week?
How do I bulk up while remaining lean?
Powerlift/strongman program for beginner?
What foods or substances can feed your muscles with energy without feeding the bad bacteria in your guts?
Bench press abs workout
Are low carb protein shakes ok if youre not exercising?
What should be my diet and exercise as I am all skinny and having only belly fat?
Where do I begin? cut/bulk first? or body recomp?
Is it worth buying caffeine pills to increase performance?
Ectomorph Doubt
My right arm is weaker than the left one
Is there any disadvantage in Mixing Excercises?
Does strength training make your skin more elastic and thicker?
Pavel Tsatsouline StrongFirst program and endorsing kettlebells and bodyweight
Why does one person have lots of stamina and another doesn't?
Protein intake while intermittent fasting
I started weightlifting more seriously and now my shoulders are popping
Why is the heart the only muscle that needs to be trained multiple times a week to see major improvement?
How much does an empty iron adjustable hand dumbbell weigh?
What muscles perform rotation of the elbow joint about the axis of the arm, while keeping the hand fixed?
Max Energy for Performance
Benching/pressing more than three times every two weeks on Starting Strength
Inner elbow pain: Golfer's elbow or something else
What would be best squat stance and toe position for a person with weak knee?
10,000 Steps a day rule, what science is it based on?
Is there any supplement for improving lung health?
Increasing calories daily
Stitch-like rib pain when (road) running
Am I lifting too much too fast?
Ideal weight pursuing
What is the difference between static stretching vs strengthening the antagonistic muscle?
Building muscle on fat
Comparing a trainer-made plan to a selfmade plan
Blister on arch of foot behind ball
Transitioning from calisthenics to weighted calisthenics
Can a 45 years old man learn basic Parkour moves?
Relieve muscle tension between the shoulder blades
What are the consequences of just eating sandwiches for breakfast and lunch?
Why way more carbs are required for bodybuilding than fat?
Should I change my exercise if walking appears to be doing fine?
How much height do you need to hang gymnastic rings?
Best ways to add explosive strength to a barbell training/HIT program?
Burning calories by running with break vs without break
Bend Over Barbell Row with Curl-Bar
Calisthenics how many skills?
Benefits of different kinds of Cardio for Warmup
During bulking phase, do the extra calories power weight lifting or mass building?
How long before carbs wear off?
Is vaping bad for exercising?
Stretching full body after upper body workout?
What unit is resistance on stationary bike?
Structured programs combining cardio and weights
Dumbbell Workout for Fitness not Muscle Gain
How can I add resistence to prone cobra movement?
Are neutral-grip pull-ups as effective as standard pull-ups?
Serratus anterior
How to make pre-workout and post-workout shakes properly
How much significant growth occurs on rest days?
Do slowly lifting heavy weights increase general power/speed/impact without weights?
How can I do a better job of warming up without wearing myself out?
Functional weekly workout routine
Is there any science behind training masks?
Should I rest in between my workouts
Is it okay to sit down in between workout sets?
Dumb Bell Routine to Build Muscle
Continuous everyday workout and sudden drop in stamina, does it indicate a caloric deficiency?
Best strategy for running twice 5km in timespan 2,5 hours
Movement training
is it normal to have uneven chest if youâ€™re just starting working out?m
Nutrition and fitness
How to properly track weights on bodyweight exercises?
Who is this physical fitness trainer?
At what point do the health benefits of strength training peak?
Is deloading already useful or not?
Is combined strength and cardio training bad?
My stomach turns when swimming due to inhaling and exhaling repeatedly
ISOLATION & UNILATERAL + COMPOUND & BILATERAL CORRELATION
Advice on diet and workouts
Rotator Cuff Muscles Categorization
Uncategorized BACK muscles
Train Calfs and Abs weight- or repetition-based?
Do heavy partial reps have any benefit?
Do I need to squeeze my back when I am doing overhead(military) shoulder press?
Does exercising your abs make is stronger?
Impractical Routine?
Is there concrete evidence that running during our first few decades helps with longevity beyond age 90?
How do I add weight to ab exercises?
I can row more than I can squat. Am I doing something wrong?
High weights at shoulder barbell press
advice for male turning 40+
Is Isolation Work really useless?
When is the "220 - age" formula valid to check the HR max?
Max. Weight vs. Volume - what to orient on?
Box equipment while travelling
Lowering carbs intake while increasing fat intake accordingly without compromising progress
How much of a surplus is reasonable? (Help for a new weight-lifter)
Why is a warm-up routine important before beginning a workout?
How do you actually, physically, lose weight?
Cycling in cold weather: dress warm or dress lightly?
Romanian Deadlifts vs. Back Extension
Cardio Machines which let me get my data
How to engage Glutes in Conventional Deadlift?
should i lift external weights when i can't able to lift my body weight
workout after night shift?
Back issues and running?
Wrist Rotation when Bent Over Rowing with a Barbell
Half Body 5 days a week, enough rest?
Is working out on a muscle one day in a week enough?
What program to follow if I have a lifting competition in 4 week?
Hoodies in the gym
Beginner to 30 minutes skipping without stopping
What are some good back lifts if I don't have a lat pull?
Does for WeightLoss Raw Garlic and Honey help? If Yes, How?
Is a stair machine comparable in effort to walking up real stairs?
Purposely cheating on part of the reps to overcome a plateau?
Best home workout that targets the pectoralis minor or the lower chest?
Conversion between running and stationary bike?
Can't progress any further with my trainings!
Sore Thighs After Workout
Is my exercise routine healthy & how do I improve core strength and shape?
One Arm Chin Up training
Can you run 2 shorter runs a day to train for a half marathon rather than one longer one?
Upper body conditioning goals
Muscle size and explosivity
Triceps Pushdown - Why Pain in Shoulders
What should I look for when searching a new calisthenics/gym routine?
What is good strength training for a regular cyclist?
Am I training too infrequently with this compound-only plan, and should I add anything more?
Head Stand with wall support really helps to perform balance?
Cycling burning fat or calories?
How do you track Arc Trainer on apps that do not support it as an option?
Which type of Wheel Pose is better to increase height of the same pose?
I get tight muscles and very painful DOMs after I workout
Leg Extensions and Curls less harmful to your Knee with Light Weights
Flat Sneaker (eg. Chucks) for Weight-Lifting
Diet Plan for Building Lean Muscle
Does how I spread out Push-Ups through out the day matter?
How do I know whether my diet is good or whether it's total crap?
Assisting Muscles fatigue to quickly
Dead lift - Is it better to pick up racked weight or start from the ground?
Does biking really reduce fats from thighs?
Strenghtening Achilles tendon @home.
Possible to tear muscles with body weight exercises
I need suggestion about gym workout
Training rear delts
Weight training for body re-composition
Fitness trampoline - what is the advantage?
Intermittent fasting spacing between meals
Diet/Weight gain for Skinny guy with belly
Got an eight pack, where do I go from there?
Will too much muscle exercise harm the muscle?
Cheap Alternatives to Meal Prep
Is it Feasible to go from a First Marathon to Half Marathon in 4 weeks?
Is stretching after bodybuilding workout advised?
Do unilateral exercises burn more calories?
Legs hurt while running despite rest period
Diet Plan- Eating Time Matters?
What macros ratio should I follow?
Leg Training with Patella alta
Doing any sort of exercise too slow recommended?
Machine Leg Curl vs Glute-Ham-Raise
Running question
Home excercises to burn fat everyday?
How to make the skin of the body harden?
How can I improve my vertical and be more explosive?
Easing finger pain during Pull-ups
Combining weightlifting and martial arts
Romanian Deadlifts: Do they focus on Lower Back or Hamstrings more?
Does varying speed during cardio workout matter?
Push-Pull Workout Routine without a separate Leg-Day?
Benefits of man makers workout
how to know the type of weight increase?
Are there any journals/studies on the benefits of full range of motion when doing an exercise?
Please explain these 3 points to me and "squatâ€™s stretch-shortening cycle"
Exercise Order in a Push-Pull 2-Split
What's the most efficient way to walk and swim?
Best way to determine aerobic pace for running
Switching rep ranges to improve overhead press?
longissimus dorsi complex
What is a good way to incorporate additional weight training into an existing one?
Why cant I sleep after hard afternoon runs but I routinely sleep after morning runs?
How to overcome shyness at the gym and start seeing results?
Experienced runners: How to lose fat during a training cycle
Accessing hope for physical fitness
Physical routine after having plenty of water
What are the benefits of hypertrophy training, if you have pure strength goals?
antagonistic movements: Dips Into Chin ups or Overhead press into Chin upss
What should be the caloric value while trying to gain muscles
Underhand press ups
Do I need a post workout meal if I eat right before my workout?
How to loose 45kg at old age having arthritis
Greasing the Groove drag curls
Controlling heart rate by breathing whilst training
Prevent wrist pain
gain in the first few days
Micronutrient requirements
As a beginner, should I incorporate polarized training instead of HIIT or endurance as this study says?
What are the psychological benefits of regular exercise?
How boiled eggs can help in weight loss?
Cardio, lifting, Cardio
Starting to Run in Threadmill
Which muscle group am I missing in my workout routine?
Dumbbell bench press tutorial
Swimming Pools.... Why 33m long?
Is it unhealthy to to go from resting to exercise several times a day?
Bench press (starting strength by Mark Rippitoe)
What is the proper way to grip a bar for heavy deadlifts?
Intermittent Fasting and Workout
Weighted press ups for abdomen
Crossfit distance, how reliable is it?
Push pull legs routine, what do you think of this?
Leg curls and hamstring training in general
Is working out with DOMS everyday bad?
Gaining muscle with calisthenics
Biceps workout without supplement pain more than 4 days: Do i need whey?
How to do more reps in one arm pull ups
Goblet Squats vs. Regular Squats
Scientific evidence that higher mTor levels generated by high protein diets and strength training result in lower life span?
Is there anyway I can get rid of this "extra cheek" under my bum?
Triathlon Training Programs: Time based for Run
Does volume influence duration of super-compensation phases?
How can I know that my weight is enough according to my height and age?
Lose weight in half month
How can I get rid from feet pain?
Is it okay to take painkillers on daily basis?
Rest Period between Exercises?
Obesity and lifting, is it safe?
What kind of workouts I can do in the sea?
Does pushups help in straightning back?
herbs / teas for sleep and side effects of melatonin and dipenhydramine?
Does running serves as warm up for mild upper body gym workouts?
How to increase running performance over years?
Overgrown quadriceps of legs - crunching in the knees
Are drop sets effective?
Building muscle on low carb diet
Wrist Position Bench Press vs. Overhead Press
Im skinny but not shredded.Should i do cardio and weightlifting both or will the one influence the other?
How to know if eating sufficient calories for muscle growth?
Is bouldering moderate or vigorous intensity exercise?
First Marathon for treadmill runner
What is a minimum ceiling height for a home gym?
How can I tell I'm not weight-lifting hard enough?
I'am at my goal, now what?
Are there any significant benefits in increasing my exercise frequency from 3 times a week to 5 times a week?
fastest way to get a six pack is it training or is it diet what is the best way to achieve it?
Use of hot belts for weight loss
Should one train/test their 1RM?
Which is the right way of doing Siddhasana?
Why is it important to warm up before playing sports or exercise?
Does massaging the muscle help relieve delayed onset muscle soreness (DOMS)?
Gluteus Medius doesn't feel like it is doing the work?
Back Brace for Posture?
Why am I stronger in isometrics?
what is the best surface to run on?
Rep Range Cycling Daily, Weekly, or more
How to calculate calories burned from walking at 1 mph
Don't see much difference in size
Greater caloric surplus on training days?
Alternatives for Bench Press
Stallion, on floor with barbell and band
What workout works for me?
Could have benefits of one arm dumbell bench-press?
Pull up progressions, resistance band vs regular?
How can I reduce (slightly modified) StrongLifts 5x5 workout duration?
Swinging lower body in pull-ups
Should I be doing push-ups if I can do dips in order to hit chest muscles?
Can riding a bicycle increase stamina?
Activate Lats evenly
Retraction of the Scapula in Lat-Pulldowns
Foam roller and massage ball
Form/posture/technique for ruck running
A total balanced body workout in a 3 day split?
Barbell Curl Form
what is the best routine for someone that work and studying a lot
How important is it to eat after evening workout?
Should I adjust the intensity (weight) between sets of weighted pull ups?
Effective way to increase number of push up reps per set?
Do I lack mental toughness?
How long will it take to get used to current level of exercise?
Suitable way for exercising upper body
Keep up in shape and muscle mass
Exercise bike / ergometer - calories burned, or calories produced?
Increasing height at 20
How can I document or track bouldering activity?
Reducing variability in body composition measurements
Is cycling the best option to strength the thighs muscle and make them look smaller?
How can I tweak 5/3/1 for overhead press?
Natural, cheap protein food
How to correlate reps into training program when doing isometric exercises?
Are exercises for muscle gain the only way to increase weight in men?
Effects of accidental ketosis on training
Injury/Danger from uneven muscles?
Muscles involved in front lever and back lever
Is it possible to increase muscle weight (maybe muscle density) without increasing muscle size. Or at least minimize muscle size increase
Weed, sex and gym
How can I engage my chest more when doing pushups?
How do Romanian Deadlifts target the hamstrings?
Exercise Variation and Periodisation
Weak left arm or really strong.. Help Me understand
What is this exercise called and what is it's purpose
Determine realistic training goals for a set period of time?
How many reps is too many?
How to work in legs to this routine but stay at four days of lifting
Differences in unilateral set
Disadvantages of running without Heart Rate Monitor
What should my shoulders position be when doing ring support hold
Should I run before weight training or after weight training?
Leg Exercise Volume being way higher compared to Upper Body?
How are elastic bands rated for resistance?
A different approach to 100 push-ups / 20 pull-ups challenge
Effect on Calories required when working out
Why lower back pain during Straight Leg Raises
Once a week running progression
How to love push-ups?
Does 12 10 minute cardio sessions equal one 120 minute session?
Can cycling with single leg improve endurance and increase slow twitch muscles with shorter workouts?
Breathing during bench press (mark rippitoe)
Can't do pullups; should I buy a lat pull down machine?
Do I lose all the benefits of earlier strength traning when I stop doing it for a while?
How to do barbell overhead press such that kinetic chain stays activated throughout the set?
Working out 7 days a week
Ultramarathons: would 'racewalking' be faster?
With my non-dominant arm, I can do only 60-70% reps of what the other can. Is that normal?
How do elite athletes benefit from training (almost) every day?
Is it better to run shorter distances more frequently or longer distances less frequently?
Lower body fat loss using batte ropes?
Eat before or after night gym sessions
What are the elements that make people run faster while racing?
unable to cross stretch and touch the arms from behind the back
Isometric finger training - individually vs collectively
Is it advisable to use a therapeutic stretch band as a yoga prop?
Chest musculature, involvement in pulling the arm down and use of pull ups for chest hypertrophy
Lose Body Fat And Keeping Muscles Problem
Practice program for home
How hard can I train during fasting?
Training set before intensive snowboarding week
Is it safe to do low bar squats with nephroptosis?
Leg workout plan
How to blow air from nose in the water?
Can you gain size without correct eating plans/schedules?
What happened to Kettlebell swings?
Strengthening rotator cuffs - other muscles taking over?
Is this fitness program balanced in which muscles it hits?
How do I improve my body composition?
Flat dumbbell press and incline dumbbell press (45Â°) [retraction,weights motion path]
If I do biceps and triceps on the same day, what will be the routine for other days?
Warmup sets necessary/recommended on follow up exercises?
What to do after failing the Starting Strength Novice Linear Progression
How to stay fit and eat clean while being a college student?
What are some exercises which are effective yet easy on the articulations
Only static training the erector spinae?
What is the hardest bodyweight chest exercise?
How does running speed corellate to burnt calories?
Instantly increasing flexibility by becoming angry as a result of pain
Is it breathing through the nose good for running?
Any exercise tips for people with spinal fusion and those who are short, but want to maintain their weight?
Almost dysfunctional after training?
Why do people still hire personal trainers?
When should I take my protein shakes?
Do squats make your butt hard
Can I increase flexibility by strengthening muscles?
Is it healthy to drink liquids that are high in sugar during a bike ride?
I cannot sit in 90Â° on ground
In polarized training, what are the disadvantages of substituting the easy training with the 180 minus age heart rate?
Does foam rolling and "smashing and flossing" work?
How to gain mass and wight
is it good to combine swimming and weight workout?
How much carbohydrate intake can exercise offset on a ketogenic diet?
I have exactly one month and ten days to get in unbelievable shape
Yoga movements combinable with resistence training
Whole Body Mobility Routine
Have I really put on 14 lbs after only 4 Crossfit sessions?
Protein Intake did not work
Strength program
Why do I look the same after 9 months of gym?
Why does deadlifts makes you feel like you are going to pass out? Can it be avoided?
Lighter weights or heavier weights for getting bigger/gaining muscle mass?
The Maths of Exercise
Does possession of a certain quantity of bodyfat effect the bodyâ€™s capacity to build muscle?
Optimal balance of exercises for a squat-less leg day
Looking for an interval training app that allows customize laps
Train hamstrings unilateral?
does doing 1 set of push-ups per day help build muscle?
Is it possible to apply progressive overload on squat with +10 kg resistance increments by resistance bands?
Planks vs. Sit-ups / crunches
Look leaner in 45 days
How do I prevent lightheadedness during deadlifting?
What are the least awkward freeweight exercises for an obese person?
I am a 28 year old skinny guy, i am trying to gain weight and build muscle, is the following workout good enough?
Sleep: Wake up at same time, or get more rest?
What can I do to work on uneven shoulders / back?
Improve Stamina with Breathing Training
Buying an exercise bike, magnetic vs spin?
Pull-ups question: look up at the bar or look straight ahead?
Difference between percussive massage devices?
Gratis Online Courses for PT certifications?
How much weight should I lose before I start running?
Is it correct that walking is better than jogging to reduce thighs and inner thighs fats?
How should I feed my wife?
It's easy for me to fall to the ground...which muscles should be strengthened?
Is Thumb position important in dumbell exercise
Should I increase the repetitions?
Can substituting beets with other nitrate rich vegetables to improve athletic performance?
36 eggs a day, is it legit?
How to fix my uneven pull up?
I am an Overweight Male and want to get ripped where do I start
How do I recover from a several hour large calorie burn on the elliptical?
Is there an upper limit to building muscle each week?
Does the kind of sport you participate in in your early childhood define the type of physique you end up with?
my three minute planks do they work?
I am using dumbbells to exercise and I was wondering what to do when you go to the maximum dumbbell you have?
Is protein the only intake needed for muscle gain?
How much intensity is required when working out for cognitive/mental reasons?
Is there any benefit in stretching with weights?
What is the best exercise to increase leg size
How to execute heavy glute bridges and hip thrusts with resistance bands?
How and when to train tendons?
What is the purpose of dropping weights?
Forearms exercises without weights
Can all isolation exercises be alternated side-to-side?
Nature of a finisher vs burner exercise
Heart rate not going up with intensity, but only on some days
Proper dead hang form - elbows locked out or slightly bent?
Is it typical for a person to feel discomfort while standing back up straight after a comfortable dead-lift set is completed?
Best sports to preserve your joints later in life?
Hard gaining mass in the upper body, recommendations
How should I continue my running training for fat loss
Increase body fat before multi day endurance event?
Is that really good for the body to eat a lot of small meals instead of three regular meals?
Weak core plank difficulty?
Exercises that work well with a standing desk setup?
Bench 225 in two months?
Fixing uneven chest size
What have you found to be the best, most effective strength exercises to help complete a strict pull up?
Importance of sleep: sleeping less since I increased my training (cycling)
How can a glute be developed to twerk?
What would be a good powerbuilding routine for mass and strength?
Best and simple exercise for thighs?
Upper back pain day after push-ups/pulls ups
Weighted exercises for lower abs
Is the seated piriformis stretch complementary or redundant with the supine piriformis stretch?
Is this amount of fatigue normal?
How are people doing "to-failure" sets of the same repetition count multiple times per session without failing to hit their count on subsequent sets?
Should one push or pull the leg when performing a piriformis stretch?
Should weight be reduced in succession with sets to achieve a targeted repetition count?
Does creatine help in fat loss?
When in the day should I train to optimize Recovery and to limit DOMS?
What to do after joining the gym?
Risk of infection at the gym?
Nordic Hamstring Curls (without bending arms)
Healthy Resting Heart Rate
What sports or activities work out abs/core intensely without specifically being an ab/core exercise?
My calfâ€™s are always in pain
Walking in order to burn fat
What is meant by a tight muscle?
Is there an "optimum level" of HR for conditioning benefit?
2 weeks until marathon, missed the past month of training, what should I focus on?
Flywheel Working mass parameters of a cross trainer
How to make the seal on swimming goggles work again
Which exercises provide an eccentric load to the gluteus minimus?
How to keep flexibility after stretching
Is working in orchard like workout in gym?
Best flooring option for a home gym?
How to fix sliding problem on exercise mats at heavy resistance band movements?
Is it possible to periodize from set to set?
Are standing desks good for one's sedentary career?
Should I slightly posterior tilt my lumbar spine on glute bridges and hip thrusts?
Tensions of the strength curve
Why I feel pain when I do crunches?
Beginner runner - severe shin pain
Getting blister-y feet after long evening walks
Vitamin D vs vitamin D3
Why are running records not set when running barefoot?
Is forcing yourself to breathe slowly after strenuous exercise potentially hazardous?
Can muscle glycogen be fully replenished with any food source that contains glucose?
Brachial plexus compression: What to do and what to avoid?
Grip and resistance band placement on resistance band front squat for injury prevention
Healthy smoothie vs multivitamin
If a person has a very active job and wants to train for a race, can it substitute easy runs?
What is Max and average summary mean?
What is the safest foot stance and foot angle on heavy glute bridges and hip thrusts?
Knee preservation
Better for arms & shoulder: breaststroke or freestyle swimming?
Buoyancy when front crawling
How to make a home made pre-workout in bulk, at "home"?
How to stop feeling so uncomfortable after working out?
Marathon training with high-ish distance, low instensity
How to calculate how much Macros, fibre and calories I need per day
Doing only two or three reps with heavy weights dozens of times a day
To have a nicely balanced physique what strength comparisons should you have?
What is the best runs strategy to burn fat
Weights with abs at home
What's the necessity of cardio for fat burning?
Any hints for switching to isometric exercises?
Questions about working out
Touching weight stack on every rep
Posture and appearance
Knees and middle age
Transverse Abdominis Confusion
Is there an alternative to the T-Grip (Neuro grip) Isometric Stabilizer Power Push Up?
what can I do to overcome my love handles?
how many days it will take to get pain away?
Why is it common for doctors / trainers / physical therapists to advise clients against doing valsalva (either partial or full) when lifting?
Should I run while sore?
Exercises whilst recovering from Achilles Tendonitis - how to get heartrate up to 80% for 30 minutes
What weight punching bag should I get?
If I workout harder after a longer time off, should I decrease the frequency of my workouts?
Strengthening the ACL graft?
How can I split Starting Strength or Stronglifts 5x5?
Does faster heart rate always mean burn of calories?
How to choose manual treadmill for rucking
Is planking with a weightlifting belt beneficial?
Unable to do leg day
What can be the cause of pain in almost my whole lower body/lower legs while running?
What is the best way to lose weight playing Dance Dance Revolution?
How to distribute macros throughout they day when doing HIIT?
Jogging for tall women
What should I do to get closer to the ideal waist/chest ratio of 0.77?
How to bend the elbows in push ups
Are partial reps okay?
What are some ways to improve muscle endurance?
Squat development
Squat Progress and Development
Math for Calorie Deficit and Exercise
What upper body program to supplement for a hockey player?
Is there a maximum amount of stamina you can have?
Why after only one week of not working out my body gets so sore?
How to correct muscle imbalance in front half vs back half of my body
Knee injuries, chiropractors vs doctors
Fixing Range of Motion Weaknesses
What to look for in indoor sports shoes?
Is BCAA worth taking and what are its pros and cons?
Beginner weight loss healthy?
I have been training for a while and I have stopped losing weight. What's going on?
Alternative medicine advice on hydration from a yoga instructor
How to include people with disabilities in your gym
Training for hypertrophy by increasing the work-out volume results in a muscle endurance decrease: Why?
My anatomy: What exercizes should I do? Is there any YouTuber/Instgramer that looks like me to help me understand what kind of work-out I should do?
What lifting does science advise for a middle-aged man with a family history of heart disease?
Losing body fat, carbs, diet and everything
Best bicep improvement for a skinny 14-year old?
How much floor space does a basic multigym need?
6 months in calisthenics and still almost no progress
Question about DOMS
What exercises can get the most benefit out of a short daily free weight routine?
Is casein suitable for long hours of fasting?
Seeking advice on having a more feminine body as a male (Without hormones)
Shoe lacing pattern to minimize Achilles rub
Is it possible to become a high responder to training 3 times week, 3 sets, rep-range 5-12?
Which weight training exercise to do so I can grow my upper trapezius?
Treadmill: Importance of belt width?
Maximum Heart Rate
Any negative effects from training all major lifts in a single day
Why is cardio recommended besides weight lifting for good health?
How to start going to gym the right way?
Accessory Lift Weight vs. Compound Lift 1RM
How does one gauge progress in bodybuilding?
Can tight hip flexors cause tight hamstrings?
How to calculate calorie burned walking steps?
What are the name of this workouts?
Am I really training?
What are post-workout l-glutamine supplementation benefits?
Do people with slow metabolism tend to gain weight (fat) if they stop exercising?
Garmin HRM-1G compatible device
Ideal order and structure of routine?
How to burn both fat and muscle at the same time?
Efficiency of my Workout
Adjusting HR Zones
How do I stretch or strengthen my tensor faciae latae muscles?
Can we make wider wrists?
Helping ease my back pain when I'm studying 13 hours everyday, even weekends
Adverse effects from sitting for too long
When training for a 10K, is there an ideal distance for speed interval repeats?
Fitness exercises for anybody near the age of 50
How to reduce legs muscle in MENS
How to target the upper middle / inner part of the chest?
What workout routine is best for a 14 year old?
How refined sugar intake affect the exercise results?
Two weeks away, no gym
Exercises for an overweight person to decrease weight who is also suffering from back ache due to long sitting hours
What can replace the pleasure of food?
Aerobic exercise less effective than believed for fat loss?
Sudden burst of energy
The effects of blood/plasma donation on exercise performance and body composition
Muscle imbalance at latissimus dorsi
How to get my abs bigger?
What is the most effective Weightloss Drug?
When to use Weightlifting Protection & Supports?
Correct dumbbell upright row with externally rotation
Being a beginner why do I have long after pains in my calves and below after Jogging?
Trailrunning - What special considerations have to be made compared to regular running
Fine tuning skull crusher weight/reps/form
What bio-metrics are important for health tracking?
Should I run two days in a row?
How fast swimming increases lungs volume?
Hanging workouts frequency -weights-breathing-speed
Is it necessary to have a break from a high caffeine intake for workouts?
How to increase pull up repetitions
Manual or Motorized Treadmill for Diabetic & Kidney Transplant Recipient
Exercises for Neck Pain
Can only feel clavicular head (upper chest) working out during inclined pushups
Are half pushups any good?
Which part of forehead should touch water first when breastroking?
Should we do cardio each day.?
Why does every calorie tracking app give a different target calorie count for the same goals?
Holding Deadlifts at the Top
Minimum time between two servings of whey protein isolate?
Unable to keep lower back straight during Romanian Deadlift
Do I have to workout harder and harder?
Is my body resisting the training, or I'm just old?
Non-Dairy Protein Powder (And Some Concerns)
Why do calories matter for weight gain/loss?
Which gym is ideal? A gym with warm temperature or a cooler one
How to get my stomach Abs in shape without using any machine work outs & following only home based work outs?
Is wearing Langot necessary to do Push ups at home?
What to eat after a night workout right before sleep?
Do I need to enhance my performance in CrossFit by extra working out with fitness equipment and machines?
What muscle or tendon pronates the foot when running?
Preventing shoulder pain after weight lifting?
Should we keep shoulders shrugged during an overhead carry?
Only side of chest feel sore after pushups
What type of diet should I do to get a six pack
Is this the correct way to do full body workouts?
Are many short trainings per day on elliptical training machine somehow effective?
Are irregular workouts through the day effective?
What's a good body weight exercise to build pectoral strength or mass?
Failed Sets: What to do Next?
Why is autologous blood transfusion banned as a kind of doping?
Why do muscles get sore after workouts?
Why didn't 5x5 work for my pullups?
Should I have protein shakes the next day after workout, or only right after workout?
How to prevent or mitigate DOMS
Strengthening muscles absorbing shock by running downhill
Calf cramp by swimming
How to increase flexibility from the basics?
Should I continue with the same routine I had?
Are 'dynamic' balance boards better for balance training than 'static' ones?
What kind of anaerobic exercises should one avoid during lower back pain?
Reducing belly fat through home work outs like plank
How to breathe when tilting ur neck up while swimming
Back muscles training - swimming vs stand up paddling (SUP)
Tracking open water breaststroke swimming distance
Will increasing your daily calorie more than the required limit, solely by protein drinks help in putting on weight
What exercises can help my hands and wrist get stronger?
Sternum pain after dips, other upper-body exercises
Supplementary exercises to sprints
What was the meaning of 5x5 sprint performance on cyclists?
What is "faster hydration" supposed to be?
Fat burning exercises meaningful only three times a week?
Workouts to Strengthen the Rib Cage
Macro ratios accuracy
Is there any point to doing Intermittent Fasting, while working out in the morning and having a serving of Pre-Workout?
Warming up and "Greasing the groove" method
Drinking whey protein twice a day
What is Pulse Wave Velocity, any benefit in measuring it?
How should I proceed to get normal weight?
Diet to loose excess fat that includes raising the metabolism in the morning and fasting until lunch (2pm)?
Is it better to eat protein-rich food the day you work out or the day you rest?
Training Pull Ups to failure with more volume
What's the difference between gaining weight by muscle gain and by fat gain, for an underweight person?
Why does pulling up hurt my lats?
Information regarding dumbbell use for underweight person
Is caloric surplus necessary to gain muscle
What Gains Could be Expected, if Any, from Very Short Workouts Throughout the Day?
How to get rid of narrow/thin face?
Convert %VO2Max <-> %HRMax or %LTHR
Powerlifting and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu: Combine Both?
Pull-ups not hurting in the right place
How to improve leg lift in 3 legged downward dog pose
How can I learn about dumbbells and the weight I should lift?
giving the left shoulder a rest. can I train squats and\or the right arm?
Are these exercises okay for weight gain for an underweight person?
How to determine how much weight should you start with for dumbbell squats and sit-ups as a beginner?
How to efficiently stretch Pec Minor (Pectoralis Minor) for rounded shoulders
Is being "oxygen-starved" a real phenomen?
Meal timing to minimise muscle loss when in calorie deficit
Getting more elastic
Interval versus Continuous training for weight loss
How much time is long enough for endurance practice?
Beginner in running ( did 4 months weight training)
Is Pyrroloquinoline Quinone (PQQ) a benefitial supplement for Fitness Training
amount of pounds resistance bands represent
Why don't people get fatter even faster than they do?
What are the principles for a correct headstand / sinsasana?
Strength training with arthritis & headaches - looking for resources
How heavy should my dumbbells be
What is the flat ground distance equivalent of 500 metres running uphill with an incline of 10%?
Is it effective to do the same workout the same day with hours in between?
Push up tools with different configurations
How to strengthen wrists to prevent pain while lifting
How many grams of pork or beef can be eaten before it effects blood glucose?
What's the perfect balance between exercise and masturbation?
Resistance bands strengths
Dietary Supplementation
Running plan review - for half marathon training
Can you actually lose strength from exercising (for example, if you don't get enough food)?
Mixing anaerobic or lactate threshold training and base aerobic training in the same workout
Swimming after running. Effects on body temperature regulation
mapmyrun mapmyride etc. courses are gone!
Is maximum heart rate one of the main reasons for VO2 max trainability?
