What should I do about a client threatening to call the police for me taking down an app?
Choosing Uk registered address for a limited company
How to know when you are a competent enough programmer to charge clients
How to handle a situation when client tries to threaten a developer for a project dispute?
How request for payment process work on Elance in hourly based job?
How do I keep my individual taxes separate, as an agency on oDesk?
How to wisely spend money on improving my freelance business to result in a steady stream of income?
IPR assigment for freelance work
Possible for agronomist to do remote freelancing?
Social media strategy for self-employed business-to-consumer branding
Site hosting and charging a customer
Learning I undercharged -- now what?
What are some practices to follow, to get not cheated when freelancing on non-commission based platforms
How do I determine support rate if not previously negotiated?
Finding freelance bloggers in specialized field
Should I charge for an Android app by charging for access to a companion website or should I just charge for the app itself?
How can I spot a talented freelance blogger?
How do I manage a remote freelance writer?
How do I compensate a freelance blogger that I want to hire?
Quoting a project with an open budget
What do I do if my business partner doesn't want to pay me my share?
As a freelancer how do you quote/charge for a project?
How to best tier consulting rates for different aspects of one’s skill set?
Taxation and salary for a sole proprietorship in Canada
How to land a client who contacted me directly?
Does this freelancing experience count on a resume for a full time job? How do I mention it?
EAN and UPC codes on Amazon
Is it right to call a client who didn't hire you to ask for the reasons he/she didn't?
Should a string musician pay to play at a high-end Bridal Show?
Security work as a freelancer
How do I ensure payment on international projects?
What is the way to prove termination of a contract?
What is the best way to add internal projects as references?
Best way to organise & keep track of client data
Why should I be a freelancer
What are best practices around billing for the initial consultation?
How to treat commissions paid to a Canadian freelancing website when tracking income?
Pay consultancy invoices via Bitcoin?
Part-time freelancing in Germany
Hired as a contractor to start Monday, recieved unsigned contract Friday before with unmentioned terms
How much can an iOS developer charge?
Content planning and wireframing. Many clients don't want to hear about this?
From the UK and want to freelance while living in Latin America - best way to advertise I am English but cheaper because I live in another country?
How much can a specialized software engineer really make as a consultant/independent contractor?
How to deal with a client who doesn't pitch up to meetings on time?
Tax inspection for freelancers
What to do with regular work disrupted by a sudden, unexpected offer
how to find companies willing to accept free home page redesign
If you are hired via a recruiter, how long should you wait before going direct?
How to ensure the person signing the contract is authorized to do so by the company?
Should I give the finished work to a client before or after they paid me?
I'm a graphic designer freelancer. Do I give the finished work to client before or after they paid me?
How do you bill for on-site work? What do clients expect?
Am I free to bill the time when preparing for the work?
How much should I charge for graphic design and how?
How does one find a project management related freelance project?
How to find clients/companies with long-term projects and/or steady flow of work
How to deal with cross country contracts?
Contract vs no-contract
When to inform client that a contract extension is not possible
Accounting software that will allow me to sell prepaid blocks of time to clients
Can a Western IT software developer make it in online freelancing?
Customer and I have different opinions about scope
How to keep client liable for licenses?
Legalities of client making modifications to source code under a non-exclusive license
Cancelling a project on a client
How do you negotiate your fee in equity?
Is it reasonable for a client to expect automated test scripts as project deliverables?
How should one convince the client to switch from hourly pay to fixed cost?
Client expanding the scope - now demands refund
Away from hourly work to a prepaid package of hours
Client non-responding on official email but talks only on skype
Do I include Freelance experience on a resume?
Billing Hourly - Include Client Specific Research and Communication?
Hourly rates for a novice C# developer from Europe?
I believe my skills are better than what I have produced so far - should I avoid making a portfolio or just show off what I have so far?
Web Design Content Issue
How to handle prospective clients asking for a meet up?
Elance / freelancer.com or the client - who is important for tax reasons?
How to look for new business / clients
Can online bidding for projects work without prior record?
Steps to persuade a client to open his branch office in your country hiring you and your team fulltime?
Do you charge for a client for your time if they don't like the work or at least they say they don't?
How do I prove my source of income?
How do I bring up me charging for work?
How motivate yourself earn more money?
Client Wants Free things for project
Handling Online Transactions for Services Rendered
Normal employee vs freelance employer
Buying a software tool - should I buy myself or should the client do so
How much should I charge for iOS Application?
Freelancer turned into an agency
Who should pay for iOS Developer Program?
Formalities and steps when getting from an initial contact to a contract (and templates of documents used during these steps)
How many hours do you bill per week? per day?
How should I inform a client about increased uncertainty in case of health issues?
Client is not paying for my work
Is it ok to make a new invoice if an old one is lost?
Legality of providing freelance support for a product which my current employer previously supported
Is it possible to make money while giving software away for free?
UK freelancer living in Thailand working for UK based clients...tax?
How do I account for adding interest to an unpaid invoice?
How can intellectual property protected in an software developer agreement?
Freelancing internationally, how do I abide by international laws?
Should I debug application on customer server if it wasn't previously discussed as part of the job?
Freelance Programmer - Tax Write Offs in New York City
What is the correct way to handle progressive billing, especially in the UK?
Am I okay to use a client-provided laptop and work phone with IR35?
US citizen contracting for Singapore company - taxes?
I am lost in between freelance and a steady job
Simple Extranet/collaborative space for small projects?
Retainer for Development Tasks
Should I sell insurance services for web development projects?
Including cost of materials in quote
Technique to designing a website based on a sample?
Managed online outsourcing companies
Late Fees or Finance Charges
How should I tell my side job that I quit my full-time job to work on their project full time?
File format for CVs for software freelance jobs
Competing offer from outside consultant
Determine income tax
how intermediaries in freelancing work?
How am I supposed to bill the company?
Has this proposal any flaws?
How do I communicate to a client that he's wasting time and money by using my services hourly vs. paying a monthly fee?
Equivalent of "freelancing" in electronics design?
Should I adjust my pricing based on my client's budget?
How can experienced contractor survive outside Elance/oDesk/Freelancer?
Filing UK corporation tax - who must file online?
IP/patent tax box - applicable to software consultancy?
How to handle a disgruntled client who tries to ruin your reputation online?
Non-US citizen freelancing in the US remotely
No response after project bid
Can I expense the rent for a three month contract abroad
Which country is the best to incorporate business for a freelance developer?
Taking part of the PayPal transaction fee
When it becomes working for free
Where Can I Find Suitable Buyers?
Should I blog about my projects or write a series of tutorials to impress my potential clients?
Do I have to report income for small jobs?
Client Threatening to Contact Permanent Employer?
Most effective freelancing for beginners?
When to stop working for free?
Signed in from multiple account is violation
How to reply a job interview while accepting it
freelancing/remote work for German speaking countries
Keeping up with client work and emails
Freelance Programmer - Workers Compensation Insurance
Can I put rejected test tasks in my portfolio?
Where to find good online web developers and avoid scams?
Is advisable to give training for a software of mine for free as an added value?
VAT Directive and Article 44 - Selling services outside EU
USA record keeping requirements when hiring overseas freelancers
What is a good way to determine pricing for a maintenance contract?
What should be done regarding payment if client cancels the project
Intellectual Property/Contract Protection for Overseas Developers?
What should I do as a starting freelance web designer/developer?
How to present a product as mine when it contains private/sensitive information?
How frequently should someone check in with a potential client?
Advice me - getting started with programming
Hourly Rate exchange rate variation
How to deliver final product to the client
A tool to communicate with a client that's better than e-mail
Building a team of Freelancers
Client changes contractor halfway through project
How to elaborate functional documents (or samples)
What is a ballpark daily rate for a senior freelance front-end developer in NY?
How to manage hosting? How to show design and then migrate?
Polite way to schedule future work
ODesk rejects for IP irregularities. Is that fair?
What kind of liability insurances should IT consultants prepare to have in USA?
Guidelines for calculating between a W-2 and a corp-to-corp rate in USA?
Is outsource.com a good place to find a job, or is it a scam?
How much to charge for adding features to website
Finding clients and taking requirements with learning difficulties
What is the scope of freelancing in MATLAB programming?
Starting as sole trader / limited company in the UK
Can a freelancer without health insurance end up paying tax penalty separately to both IRS and the local state?
Freelance site with lowest commission fees?
Legal procedure for freelancers partnership
Can I cancel a contract if I'm not paid on-time?
Is it okay to use screenshots of other websites on my websites "sales" page?
Is Slack the best program to manage small teams?
How to charge clients [the right way]?
Freelance websites that doesn't require credit card?
Is it legal to use code written for a customer's app for a personal business app?
Legal obligations freelancer - Taxes and NI
Client refuses to accept project
How to hire junior developers under me and convince clients to let them work on project
Freelancing intermediary for business invoice
How to negotiate a price after an item of work is done?
Web development: how to convince clients to invest in upgrading their sites
How to deal with clients trying to blackmail you?
What job on freelancing websites can do a person with medium English level and lower medium knowledge of PC?
Client not aware of the background work for what he asks
Should we fix our rates as a dollar goes up or down?
Should I disclose that I am freelancing to my employer?
Client is not paying for my work - legal actions
Next level of freelancing and growth
How to control the clients sales funnel?
Getting projects from the Internet
Do I need to pay/add tax on remote work as a sole trader?
"Verifying" employer's company
Any payment gateway in India which can auto charge customer on renewals?
Determining sales commission rate
Where, other than home, can freelancers do their work?
How much my Android app costs?
Is Multimedia Designer & Web Developer a suitable job title for a single person handling Web, Print, and UI Design + Front & Back-End Web Development?
Learned HTML, CSS, and jQuery. Now what?
Partnership vs. Contract Work
How to compete with free apps?
Work 1099 without company
Monthly Fee vs. One-Time Payment for a Large Project with Difficult Client
Should I create a demo project to learn new technologies and to expand my portfolio?
How to monetize a "Free" App without advertising
Quality online tool to visualize my availbility in the simplest manner?
Contracting in USA through personal company
Working from home while dealing with significant other
Is it ok to communicate with client only through email?
How do I account for money contributed before bank account opened?
How to protect yourself from clients who are scammers or involved in illegal activity?
Travel expenses and loss of income
How to determine pricing for bug-support only contract?
Where can I find an SA302 form online?
Project based freelance project requiring multiple unexpected "redos" from client
How to work as a freelancer using SharePoint on-premise
New Elance ID vs Old one
New to billing and estimation of medium to large sized projects for NPO
How can I approach US clients with Web Development work?
Should I list every short-term contract on my CV/LinkedIn?
Should I be honest about increased time expenditure?
Reporting tax to IRS when working for foreign clients
How would an independent web developer land a large commercial job?
Freelancing in Germany as non-EU resident
Hosting a website with a client's client
Finding contracts; Losing out to foreign bids
Is presenting possible clients with reworks of their existing content a good idea?
How and when to abandon a client?
What badges should I include on my website, if any?
Gracefully letting a client down
Getting paid through PayPal
How to politely turn down a client's request for a free test job?
Why am I not getting hired on UpWork/oDesk?
How to back out of a freelance project that has gotten too big?
Where to find contract jobs?
How can I get paid more despite disclosing my hourly rate?
How do freelance web developers approach security and liability?
How can I attract more clients when I only have two projects under my belt on this freelance site?
US-based freelancer invoicing in foreign currency, can I have my UK client pay pound sterling into a UK-based current account?
Freelancer.com Milestones/Escrow
Charging extra for manageable content
Is it convenient for me as a freelancer to ask for Amazon gift cards as payments?
Freelancer.com and Invoices
Handling client extras on the fly
How to deal with client who makes constant changes to work
What are the best websites for freelance jobs?
How to become proficient enough to be able to take freelance projects?
I'm an able web developer with advanced knowledge of PHP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and (My)SQL.. where to go from here?
Are there platforms to find partners for a startup project?
Should bug fixing of a finished project be free?
Is it unreasonable to withhold completed work if a contract hasn't been signed?
Could I theoretically make money by creating software Linux distro needs?
What will you do if your site is hacked?
Working on UK freelance contract for a UK company but living in the US
Unallocated projects
Hiring freelancers who are a couple?
Got a contract, but the code isn't the best, how do I proceed?
How to resolve a potential conflict of interest
Are co-working spaces worth paying for?
Being asked to sign a NDA for a very short-term project with tiny scope, should I?
He doesn't have the budget, do I return the deposit?
Freelance job sites? Good or bad?
Contract that stipulates "take new project from me any time I send it"?
How to persuade the client to sign a Retainer Agreement with me?
How quickly do you write project estimations (if busy with other tasks)?
Applying value pricing to consulting services for NGO
Contracts involving clients in the adult industry
Should a new freelance photographer visit businesses without appointments
Is remote work suitable for those with a mental disability?
How to manage my client's Facebook ads?
Freelancer refuses to be paid. What to do?
Looking for junior full stack developer job
Freelancing & establishing a limited liability company - portfolio ethics
How to handle computer processing time when billing client?
Good practice to charge half the quote up front?
Should I use UpWork.com for payments so that I can build profile on Upwork/Elance as it will show hours I worked?
Freelancer.com took my money
How to deal with clients moving to ready-to-use web platforms
How does a freelance copywriter determine the right price-per-word to charge?
Errors in a signed-off publication: should I return money paid?
How to balance milestone payments with 30-day terms?
How do freelance coders persuade clients of the value of software tests?
Working as a self employed in US for a EU client
Is there a checklist for a freelance app job
Do I need errors and omissions insurance as a freelance (1099) programmer?
Relicensing work
Minor wanting to start a web development business
How can I be successful as a digital nomad?
Searching document shared by clients
Developing an app for someone but retaining ownership of source?
A specific case of not knowing how much I'm worth?
How to deal with a client who calls a lot?
How to tell approach to project?
German freelancer working for a UK company, what is needed?
How to be a freelance creative writer?
How to register as a part time freelancer
What is the Elance business model that allows workers from any country to work for firms based in the USA?
Subcontracting freelance work in Germany to non-EU students
How can I list project in my Github profile, while only doing work for clients?
Freelancing in Germany for a UK client, should I charge VAT?
Can a contractor generally terminate a day-rate contract with no consequences?
Do contract role recruiters generally work on an open percentage basis?
Is it wise for a contractor to agree in writing to a recruiter's request that the recruiter may exclusively represent them for a specific role?
Client is being extremely slow with final payments
Registering as self-employed in the UK
Freelance categorisation in Germany
Client in Spain is not paying me as I am not VAT registered in UK
Can I expense a purchase of a used computer?
How to deal with controlling external company that my client wants me to work together with
Consulting Contracts
Paypal account is a barrier
Required to give digital graphics to client so they will pay me for previous work?
How to deal with technical problems on hourly contract?
Why participating in open source helps freelancing?
How to deal with a lying customer?
How to factor in freelancing alongside full-time work
how to start work in freelancing in online
Should I add VAT to an invoice for 2 days freelance work in the UK?
Asking client to pay bank transfer charges
An employer hasn't paid me for months already. Should I keep working with them?
Next skills to learn?
End of Project process
non-scamming job-matching sites
Is a 1099 required when one freelancer hires another?
How much would you charge for the css layout of a site like this
Working simultaneously for multiple clients
What to charge for Freelance Project for fiance's company
Legal document/vinculation for being paid with future profits
Client requires that I register as a business
How to tell client to stop adding new features?
Should I continue with a problem client?
Claiming outstanding fees on a website that has since been taken down/altered
How long should I leave an overdue payment?
Yet another question on potentially being sued
How do I increase efficiency in client communications without seeming impersonal?
How can I get web development clients in the music and entertainment business?
How do I charge for warranty if I have an hourly rate?
Billing time for learning specialty API?
Invoice a client without an address?
Upfront payments and escrow
UK company hired me, threatened to file charges against me
Handling a client that doesn't pay after services are delivered
Continue college or learn online while freelancing?
Elance closes my account
I'm a freelancer that needs to hire another freelancer for help
If I transfer the work to my friend without notify the client, is it ok?
How much do I charge?
Handling a client that doesn't pay v2
Is it reasonable to leave full time job and do freelancing instead?
Should an agreement with software engineer contractor include a clause that the engineer is not liable of any company's losses?
My newbie mistakes and how to communicate with clients
Companies VS Clients
How to act and charge as a project coordinator?
Can I keep my personal address private when setting up a UK Ltd company?
How do you collect credit card payments online from your customers?
Having clients abroad as a LLC
Contract for a client in a different country
Accepting a job outside of expertise
What free software are you using for bookkeeping? Why?
How should I send an invoice to a European country as a freelance developer?
Can I register as a freelancer in the UK when living abroad?
Underestimated project: Do you charge the excess time?
Cover Letter even without experience on a particular language
Hired for work but problem was fixed by the client's hosting
Connecting to clients server - Safe?
Should I charge more to develop an app that my client will be leasing out to others?
What are the consequences of letting your LLC become inactive?
Dealing with an Irate Client that wants Free Work
Personal Branding or Service Oriented Freelance Business?
Development project going awry. Is this part of the development process or should I be charging more?
Service charge per unit for basic computer repair/maintenance
Can a project milestone be considered complete before revisions took place?
outsource.com - anyone believe this isn't a scam?
Invoicing Upwork clients for UK registered sole trader
Freelancer working in Asia for EU/UK companies
What if I feel client is over-charged
Can I remote work while in the US as a Mexican student?
Having trouble getting hired on Upwork, how can I get hired?
Finder's fee (or percentage) for a 6 months contract
If I am working on an hourly project with variable hours per week and I am blocked on a task, should I bill for the time spent blocked?
Making quotations out of thin air
Is there a way to work free for experience?
How to build up long-term clients
Client willing to pay more...but I am refusing
Client said she would email me in x weeks, but didn't, do I contact her?
How do I gather requirements about our project from non IT people?
How viable is to work probono on a third world country for my portfolio?
Risks of paying freelancer / subcontractor in Iraq / Kurdistan?
How to best handle conflicting requests from clients?
What is correct time for freelancer to increase hourly rate?
How to find someone to handle customer/commercial relationships on my behalf? (I'm a programmer)
Charging for additions to a client's website?
Best freelance site to use as a writer?
How many completed projects is good for a portfolio for a new freelancer?
What exchange rate to use when invoicing customers abroad?
I'm a 'freelance' web developer / considering hosting client websites as reseller (or not) - opinons wanted on reseller accounts
Part Time On Call rate
How does one find project details on Freelancer.com?
Web Troubleshooting Email Template?
Questions regarding starting freelance job in TEXAS
I'm converting a desktop software as a cloud service. Is there any ratio between their prices?
Advice on creating a simple, do-it-yourself website?
is NDA valid just because you signed it and had no further work
Quitting a freelance gig early?
Paying Taxes on Work Done Via Internet
Are there any small software development projects available for freelancers?
Should I expect a 1099
Employer doesn't answer and doesn't close the project
Time reporting app
Is there a reason against not billing someone when asked for an invoice for work completed?
Can a Canadian contractor work for a UK based company? Tips / input are welcome
IRS W-9 for customer who will purchase my products from my re-seller
Charging interest or penalties for late payments in the state of Maryland
How should I record/track my freelancing income through an Agent in my Accounting system
Best way to find projects in a new field
Is giving Debit card number to freelancer.com secure?
Is it a good idea to hire an outsourced freelancer directly?
Demand for jQuery or jQuery UI freelancers?
Can I work as a web developer in Canada without a degree from college/university?
Can I sell my business idea in exchange for a job at the company that might be interested in it?
Contract with agency
UK (HMRC) Do I need to register as "self employed" if already under Self Assessment
Can a slow developer really succeed in the web developer business?
Who own the "copyright" or intellectual property for the code you have written?
Typical client situation - Needs advice
Had gotten bad review; should I close my account to start getting projects again?
Validity of a signed PDF (England)
Need help with moral dilemma of first client
Do freelancers working together need to register a company?
As a freelance web developer, is it ethical/acceptable to use freely available templates and just modify them?
How much money should one save up before freelancing full-time?
building portfolio having only deals from my works.
Upwork - including a link to online resume in the cover letter
Hiring a non-USA freelancer through Upwork
What's the minimum billing period for Guidepoint Global?
How to store Client Information?
Learn multiple frameworks to work as a Web Developer, Freelancer
Fire a client when you have a part of responsibility for delaying project
Client cancelled a job after paying me a deposit. Do I have to hand over the incomplete work?
A client who ignored me for a year decided to contact me again. How do I ask for outstanding payment?
Can I Become A Freelancer And What I Need Too Know
Client threatening legal action constantly
What are the consequences of opting out of EAA Regulations in UK?
How to handle endless modifications on fixed-fee projects
How to find good jobs on freelancing sites
Paying another self employed person if we work together (UK)
Can I get paid for notice if my fixed term contract is not renewed?
Client wants to hire a full time employee under my company/contract
Pricing For a Shopify Application
Creating a startup
Attracting clients who want web developer not designer
How to bill client for rendering time?
Can I freelance if I know only HTML,CSS and Javascript?
Is it safe to start working on project without any milestone?
Is there Bank account good for freelancers?
Should one still be paid for troubleshooting when nothing was found?
UK Freelancer employing freelancers - does it lower my tax return?
On a web site gig, who pays for the domain and hosting services?
Besides 1099's, what other tax forms will I deal with as a freelancer (in the US)?
Final payment from client oustanding
Better to go on payroll or act as a vendor?
Working while traveling out of country
Worked while contract expired; am I liable for lost profits?
Should I become a freelance web developer or a freelance software developer?
Client non-payment for client's client hosting (UK)
Client thinks a certain feature is included in the price, but it isn't
What's the best way to follow up on potential work from a client?
How much should you charge for technical interviews?
How can I reposition myself as Back-end Developer coming from Front-end Web dev?
Being a freelancer
What should I know before freelancing as a web developer?
How do I persuade a client to make good on a "late" payment?
How does working remotely (outside UK) for most of the year affect my tax return?
Do individuals hiring a US freelancer have to send a 1099?
How to decide what Upwork projects to bid on?
Should I charge the same amount for reviewing/testing as someone else did for editing
What do I have to do as a freelancer to make sure my work is legal?
Can I get sued if we didn't sign a contract?
Are you responsible for the legality of the code you provide to every client?
Starting an eCommerce site of an other business
Cutting out the middle man and selling to clients directly
Self employed minor's tax?
Calculator for self employed vs W2
Potentially unable to complete a project; what to do?
Freelancing sysadmin
Advice writing my first SLA
What Discount to Give for A Retainer Contract
Which payment scheme is cheaper?
How do I prove my source of income as a freelancer?
Can I fire my client without being liable for legal fees down the road?
Partners logos - legal obligation
Contract was fixed fee, now they want to cancel and are asking that I send them an invoice for hourly work completed.
Charging for meetings/conference calls with a client
Abroad freelancer's wage doesn't add up - suggestions?
How to raise the price for friends?
Beta testing experience in portfolio
Is there a job description or role that fits in between web developer and content manager or webmaster?
A way out of getting liability insurance for temporary freelancing?
Am I supposed to be paid even though my work isn't used?
Shipping applications in servers to clients
Is it right to charge for work done incorrectly?
A client asked me for a "Doordash" kind of app, I feel like I am making the whole business
salary of android developer
Easiest ways for a US LLC to receive payments from UK clients
How to switch to another framework in freelancing?
6yrs of experience in Portfolio Management
Can I claim payments to me personally as income for my single-member LLC?
Part Time Freelancing - National Insurance Exemption
My freelancer stopped responding and we paid him more than he's completed, how to handle?
What's the proper way to ask the recruiter for a certain hourly rate?
How do I decide how much to charge for low-level (year 7) maths tuition?
Can I be held responsible for HIPAA violation?
Do you charge full hour or 30 minutes for a task?
How I can be hidden from my current working company?
How to handle the deal with client in case of heavy illness, accident, etc?
Should I charge the client for long meetings in person when he pays me on a per-project basis?
Applied for position A, the employee replied for position B? How to deal with the situtation
Freelance on tourist visa in Australia
Struggling to come up with an estimation of the value of my work
Is it advisable to contact a company and offer your services based on job advertisements?
Can we charge "being late" penalties to the client?
U.S. self employment tax when working for offshore client
Is it common to demand deposit/retainer to avoid payment disputes?
Previous design links to my work in their portfolio
Working remotely from another country
Discount for 1-year full-time contract?
What to look for in an overseas equity agreement
Not getting job/projects
Client didn't communicate for majority of project timeline
How do we bid on freelancer's sites?
Registered as a Ltd company but not traded yet; government threatening me for not filing taxes
Shares in the business
Employer Via Freelancing Platform Threatening To Take Legal Action Against Me
How much do I charge to build a web app?
What to do when you are offered the same project but different stage of work by different clients?
Getting consulting jobs by submitting CV to company's spontaneous applications page?
What should one consider when deciding to hire a VA or stop taking on more clients?
Writer/editor: Building presence and social media sites
Complicated situation with client and an aggressive external company
Markup on a subcontractor's fee for WordPress development
Freelancer.com - wants to be paid offsite
Don't want to leave freelancing
Are more corporate doors open for incorporated freelancers?
Asking Clients to pay Advance Payment?
Client wants to sue me, but we haven't signed any contracts. Should I be worried?
How do I calculate NET amount after taxes for the contract job taken in Toronto in year of 2016?
As a freelancer, how do I calculate my cost to company value?
Upwork taking 20% of my money. Alternatives
How to increase reputation/value and reduce prejudices for freelancers working out of home offices
Should I build an Alpha before presenting my concept
Which is better option to bid as individual or to bid as a Company?
How to successfully niche and differentiate as a freelancer?
Working on UK freelance contract for a UK company while travelling
Freelance Insurance for C2C Arrangement
Invoicing Dutch clients from my Tennessee LLC
Should I charge my client for mistakes I make?
What technologies should i learn in order to be hired as a web developer?
Client owes me substantial money, I got another job full-time, client wants me to hand over keys to next developer without payment
Can you lose money due to taxes when outsourcing work?
long-term freelancing, pay rate calculation
Get a project to work on
Is it preferable for a stage performer to contract with an agent or be his own agent?
Should I be afraid of clients stealing work?
Sales tax and other taxes in Oklahoma
If using Gumroad, is there still a need to become self employed in the EU?
Competing with experienced people on freelancing websites
Judging sincerity of freelance job offers
Client asking for a refund of advance payments for an uncompleted project
How to request digital signing of contracts
How do I balance the risk of pricing myself out of a job vs. not getting any work at all?
How to find reliable sources of freelance projects abroad?
Starting a joint project with someone
How should I deal with the inconsistency of incoming work?
How can one estimate the cost of a website like this?
Can a consultant be placed in a Director position as a 1099
Can I invoice an international customer without being a registered VAT company?
Can I issue this UK client an invoice without their tax number?
Can I work for a UK based client without a visa
Information for Statement of Earnings
Cold calls and corporations
Licensing a blog post to a company's blog
I hired a freelancer on hourly pay. How do I control how many hours he worked?
Revealing tactics to customers
"Work faster and I'll pay you higher,"?
What freelancing jobs I can start without knowledge about it?
Helping a client get what they deserve from their ISP
Contract: open source and "prior inventions"
How to deal with a stubborn user that constantly makes mistakes, but refuses to accept it's their fault
Buying a domain for your client
Gone into deep hole with client. What next?
Using Stripe and other APIs for client
Transferring revenue from self employed to LTD company
How do you refer out projects that aren't in your area of competency?
An employee from my current client needs to stay at my house, can I charge?
Making a product that sells without a hassle
Fees for travel
Is it good to leave a job to start freelancing?
What tools do i need to freelance in IT?
Cost estimation for an e-commerce Web and App development
Essential elements on contracts
Should I ask every client to sign a contract?
Where is the best place to POST a project looking for a freelance developer?
How to find clients for IT freelancing
What to do about negligent clients
How to verify a US based company?
Increasing rates and liability
Professional work history - is it taboo to list on my consultancy website?
How to adjust freelance prices overseas, specifically in Southern Europe
What's the best way to 'sack' a customer
Do extra projects indicate extra pay for stipend contractors?
Accepting a Freelancer project
Contracts for clients in different jurisdictions
Should I Provide Free Support for Sometime
What concessions could I make for a client who's getting stressed about their budget?
Daily freelance rate for previous full-time/permanent employer
How to write technical offer?
Income tax when working as freelancer through Upwork (UK)
Should an EU-based company add VAT for services provided to non-EU-based charity?
Advice about the transition out of freelancing for a long term freelancer
Where to pay tax?
How to tell a client that I do no longer want to work with him?
How to ask for a contract extension
My client wants me to use pirated software. What should I do?
How's it possible there's only a handful of IT freelance web sites?
Consulting: Do I charge for the time I take to plan the scope of the project?
Test project asking for too much to get a job?
Missing the benefits of freelancer's association or union
Long term client regularly pays late
What are the essential parts I need to include in a fixed price contract for services?
How to charge for web design and development?
Best Project and Client Management software
How to price odd job
Are pay penalties for late delivery standard practice?
How to justify an increase of your daily rate
Managing client expectations when estimated time is more than expected
How should I write a professional response for more money?
How do you curtail too much customer input on website design?
Having trouble gauging my level of knowledge/expertise?
Contract work- what are the advantages of setting up your own company/ incorporating yourself?
Is it professional that client pays the lunch?
How important is it to be a nice guy to your clients?
Can't support the project anymore - Can I give it to someone else?
Client misled me on workload, and now I'm hosed
How to deal with client's delusion to be a good graphic designer
What is an appropriate safety net for equipment failure?
New client has paid deposit but impossible to get a hold of
Freelancer moving to Italy
Should I discuss hourly rate before doing job or just do the work and let the client see the rate in the invoice?
Evaluation Task to find good development company
How to write a Proposal on a Graphics Design bid as a newbie(in freelancer.com)?
Starting freelancer career while already having customers
recommended tool to track clients, projects, files etc.?
how do I get more repeat business from existing clients?
Questions regarding accounting; can I trust the information?
Should I represent myself falsely?
What are some safe freelance sites?
Do I take this job?
How should I get paid
Must the customer mention the existence of my own company to the final customer?
How to notify a client of costs that increase beyond the estimate
Working as a travelling software engineer
Paypal disputes - how do I ensure I get my service deliverd or money back?
Police Checking Service
What kind of contract and where to get it from?
New project manager suddenly demanding source-code prior to payment
How to find small short programming freelance job or project
Billing Work from Home Long Running Task
Is it ethical to offer free services in a paid community while still measuring one's capacity to offer the service in the first place?
Should I accept a low hourly rate while in between contracts?
Anybody has experience with feelancing writing jobs and can offer specific advice about how to get them?
How to invoice for regular payments
How Long can a Finder's Fee or Upcharge by Business Partner Go On
How much to charge as a freelance?
Do you spend lots of time on a website for your freelance company?
If I set up as self employed, will my current employer be notified of this?
UK VAT - Do I need to charge VAT
How to handle lending tools/equipment to freelancing acquaintance?
Cold calling / emailing companies for work
What does it mean when a client stops communicating after receiving a proposal?
Finding local clients from international sites?
Being clear about the way I work
Can I modify clients testimonials?
Thinking about designing a free freelance website How to get customers?
Payments overly procastinated
How to enter freelance websites with high rates since the beginning
Enquiries from overseas
I found out that a client is using the work I did for him to sell fraud courses
How to handle interpersonal relationships and expectations from client's marketing department
Asking client for shares
How to sell a project to your competitor? Documents, Warnings, Considerations
How could I get an idea of how much a freelance Data Associate should make?
What is implicit common practice in licensing software (client Javasript) for evaluation?
I built a tool to automate work, should I ask a raise?
Can learning a new technology be a paid task for a client?
Do I have to pay tax for contracting work in US
Dealing with "friend" who won't pay after delivery despite signed contracts
Should I request a down-payment if I'm paid by the hour?
Providing a Solution - Best Contract Form?
Is there site for freelancers hiring freelancers?
How to succeed as a freelance writer?
What laws classify an employee as a contingent worker?
Freelance programmer's monthly fees, expectations too high?
I am a US citizen living in the US, can I freelance for a UK company?
I've started working on Upwork and almost finished my first job, how do I deal with tax?
Services to find very large project?
How can the online freelance IT market be segregated?
Declining freelance job after already accepting
working from UK as a freelance for company in France
What does contingent payment mean?
Hourly or daily rate for consulting?
How to prepare for freelancing?
Should I want to mention what techniques I use to build a website for clients?
UK based Freelancer, my client wants to pay in EUR. I have a personal EUR account in Spain
Strategy for multiple email addresses?
Freelancing at 20 hrs/week. Client wants to move me to full-time. Can I do a 40 hrs/week retainer contract instead under my consulting corp?
Doing business in Australia as freelancer located overseas but with the Australian Permanent Residency
Learning that my first bill will be paid after two months instead of one
Small claims court for unpaid small invoice? (UK)
How To Find Quality Freelancers?
Customer wants me to not disclose my company to the final customer where I should work on site
UK resident freelancing for EU clients -- do I need to send a certificate of UK residence every time I invoice a client?
How to stay safe online as a freelancer?
Copyright - Teaching propietary framework for customer who has the licence
When is a job too small for meetings?
How worthwhile is contractor insurance (esp. in Canada)?
Finding talent agents for software developers
Computer troubleshooting service; change pay rate for more difficult problems?
Client refuses to pay, now threatening to sue me for breach of contract
Decision and negotiation of long term time-consuming job
Client doesn't want to pay the final instalment and tries to negotiate for new conditions
How to explain to client their other freelancer is incompetent?
Can you still charge a person money if you used a trial version of a software?
Should I warn client that I'm going to have to threaten legal action?
Starting as freelance web developer in the summer
Import / export license for software development outsourcing
Freelancing in highschool?
Client not Responding from more than last 36 Hours
Client doesn't answer
Offering equity instead of pay -- yes or no?
I'm okay to take equity but no written agreement?
How many hours can one freelance in programming part-time and still provide a good product?
What should I say to others in an endeavor when a client isn't making payments?
skills needed to do and find freelance web design work
How should a freelance software engineer use Linkedin to find clients?
Non- Vat Invoice? How to invoice?
Protecting code from other freelancers
Finding clients and marketing myself
What's the best cold call pitch for a freelancing software engineer?
Where's the best place to find Authorize.net developer?
What is the best place to find a great javascript programmer
Newbie freelancer, advice needed
Should I charge for idle services as a freelancer?
Managing payments on a large project with lots of freelancers
How to deal with non-respect of payment-terms?
Should I give an online freelance website my SSN?
Freelance science writer getting unpaid questions from editor
What should be included in a contract?
How to respond without hurting a potential IDEA business guy's business proposal
What to include in contract to identify the end of work?
How to be not liable if my application became something used for illegal stuff?
How to work faster without earning less?
Unemployment Insurance
Should your clients pay for your payment transfer fees
Starting freelance career as a programmer
LLC and liability from past
Who is responsible for documenting a freelance business website?
Looking for "get foot in the door" small contract ideas for finding web design and IT services clients
Should I keep my IC wages the same even though I have a salaried job?
A couple questions about fiverr
Freelance contract for international clients
Marking up hardware costs
I am leaving work to go freelance - can I contact my employer's clients once I leave?
Who owns the excel template I made? (not legally, ethically)
Is there any authority to look after the non-payment issues to freelancers?
Raise price of hourly rate for existing client
I've started freelance consulting. I want to ask an old colleague to join as a fellow freelance consultant. How?
Remote jobs - how to charge clients?
Best way to get share from client's business
Someone contacted my client and created a conflict, how do I handle it?
Best website to get freelancer work
Do I charge VAT for work I do for UK clients (I am US-based)?
How should I calculate rates for computer maintenance services?
Be fair if client offering more work, but owe money to person that paid you for previous work?
Has anyone worked on an upwork.com project? Is there a risk in client sending you documents, sites, and software with malware to work on?
Belgium V Luxembourg - cost of living for a non-EU freelancer?
Controlling stress associated with maintenance services
Should I provide information to the client before proposal is accepted?
Employer and freelancer money transfer website
How much money to set aside for tax (UK)
Change in rate for onsite work
What should I do if my ex-employer refuses me to pay? I live in Ukraine and the company he presents in USA
Questions Related to Umbrella companies
How can I find an app developer to guide and assist me?
Net D billing as a freelancer
Using generic email address for account registration
Freelancing for US clients as a US citizen with a foreign company
Do I charge taxes to clients in the Netherlands when I'm based in a state with no sales tax?
Best practices for starting as a freelancer with little time to prepare?
Justify earnings without invoices for tax return?
How to offer services when organization is looking for an Employee
Does remote working for a US Company qualify you for a SSN?
General liability insurance for online business
Computer maintenance: Whats the difference between charging a retainer and hourly rates?
What is a 3-quote process?
Where to find people for colloboration
Company want me to invoice them through an Umbrella company, and not directly- how can I ensure I get paid?
What should I do if a project fails?
Is there any tips to get projects for junior graphic designer like me
Team based Consulting contracts
Asking Vendor for compensation for failures in their products
Signed Contract Unpaid Client just won pitch product @ Major TV Show
Ensuring software modules I build aren't used for illegal purposes?
What does your average day as a freelancer look like?
How much percentage of profit should I get in an e-commerce startup?
Is it a web developer's responsibility to maintain subscriptions for resources (eg web fonts)?
Payment to recruitment consultant for referring a consultant?
Determining fixed price app dev contract before or after review of specs
Can I write a book from someone's else talk?
Using work I was subcontracted to in portfolio or on social media
If I develop websites as a freelancer, can I use my Forge account for all my clients while charging them a monthly rate for services?
What are "payroll companies"?
Can ghostwriting be listed on the resume?
Are projects under NDA not allowed in portfolio?
How to sell my software online and deal with VAT?
Can't satisfy client's need in fixed-bid project
App Dev contract does not guarantee app store approval
Freelancing as a student in Germany - EU citizens
Should I include gratis overtime on an invoice?
Am I shooting myself in the foot with a 99% availability SLA?
Getting started as a freelance programmer
Code ownership in web dev subcontracting
Dealing with a customer that was satisfied with your services but is mad about the price
Ongoing software support UK - Should I charge a call out fee?
Possible to challenge contractual invoice time limit?
Making promises in a proposal for something that might not be possible
Does an undisputed due date on an invoice constitute agreement to that due date?
Setting Rates - What ratio should I use for my Hourly : Daily rates?
Consulting contract (Developer) - Indemnification
Why anybody would work without a contract?
What do I need to know from my client as freelance front end developer?
Does LLC Protect from Personal Lawsuit
When to take legal action against client for outstanding payment?
Can I charge higher for a non paying client?
Installing complex software at customer site
What are simple ways to have a remote client endorse an agreement?
Best Sites To Offer Services
How can I keep my students and their families satisfied with my tutoring?
Can I show clients I've worked with at my agency on my personal portfolio site?
How does one ask a client if he is ready to finance research time?
Rude and confusing client but possible important job
Spec work for a future medium-sized company
Should I discuss price of underestimated fixed price job?
Should I ask for a payment for the outline of a course I am writing?
What's the value of exclusiveness?
Direct PayPal invoicing or contract through freelance website for new client
Buying 100% member interest in existing LLC. Do I need a new EIN?
Do I bill for time my client wants me to be on-call, waiting for calls to be forwarded?
Invoicing from a Residential Address
Different world opinions with my client, quit or stay?
How much should I pay a previously salaried employee to stay on as a consultant?
Do you need Co-worker when doing freelancing?
Am i paid enough for my work?
Virtual address for freelance use?
Client wants manual for everything I do
Necessary for a portfolio?
Freelancer pictures on portfolio
Complicated situation with client and a never ending project
Business plan for developers
How to determine pricing for Freelance Web Hosting For VERY Large Corporation
Inflated business area, what to do?
How do I secure an idea when approaching a company?
How do I respond to someone wanting to "purchase" my reputation?
Using goods bought abroad as business expense (based in UK)
Unexpected additional work
Which website is best for freelancing?
Guides for clients to learn to save files to online cloud storage
How to deal with sudden health problem
Is it correct to store freelance projects publicly on github?
Finalising the estimate when work is nearly complete
How to get Started As Freelancer by providing e-services?
Should I charge my clients for software fees?
I grossly under estimated my costs for a job and want to renegotiate compensation. Should I?
Is it unprofessional to approach a business, unsolicited, based upon technical problems you see on their website?
How do I advertise my freelance services effectively?
Getting payment outside of platform
Increasing hourly rate for an old client
is it ok to have 40 billable hours per week?
Due date vs invoice date
How often should I send an invoice?
Should I add taxpayer identification number in invoice?
Should I accept "work for hire" terms?
How to grant a license to others to use your app
Should I add in the contract that all communication hours are billable hours?
How to say "this is of great value to you" to the client?
Client is asking for a copy off my insurance docs, should I share?
Experienced IT contractor to become a freelancer
Best alternative to get revenue from a mobile application
Best Management tool for self-employed: Tasks, Calendar, Multiple Customers, Multiple Project, Invoice, Time-Track
Is it compulsory to mention my postal address in an invoice I create?
How can I build a base?
What should be included in an I. T maintenance retainer?
How to deal with holiday leave/sickness when on retainer?
How much to charge to organise a photo shot
How to charge for variable recurring services?
Leaving my best longterm freelance client for a Job offer, what's the best way to end this?
Including Extra Work as 100% Discounted Hours
Too many clients, not enough work
How to answer to new client's requests while having no time to work for them?
Agreeing a cost before sending a proposal + contract
Should I take on this proposal writing job and what should I charge?
How to determine the price of writing an iOS curriculum
How should a backend developer showcase his/her projects?
Freelancer incorporation abroad: permanent establishment?
Freelancer to Entrepreneur
Is it bad to release work as free after it's sold?
Client refusing to pay, threatening to involve lawyer
Do you need a degree to freelance?
Maintenance contract as a Full-Stack developer with big company
Is a hosting party a 'third-party'?
Minimum number of hours
How much projects need to get the first web development job?
US Freelancer working for New Zealand company
How to get Supervisor or Senior Developer to check and review your work ?
Payments for problems when the solution hasn't been delivered
An unusual request
How to charge complex development environment as a freelancer?
Why < $10 per hour for freelancing?
What are legal options of accessing books needed for freelance translating?
Should my client contribute towards mandatory equipment
Is it possible to earn $200 a month by freelancing?
how to create a portfolio when you have never got hired?
How to hurry a client into a decision?
How quickly do you send invoice after completion of project?
Pricing as freelance iOS Dev
Can a software development contract have a minimum term stipulation?
Brand naming strategies?
As a subcontractor, how long should it take to get paid?
How do I charge for project management?
Interview questions for Late-Paying clients
Dealing with NDAs from startups in similar field - Requiring Lawyer Lookover Fee for NDAs
Freelancing for practice
Can I distribute/sell the results of contracted work done for me?
Can you perform/receive freelance work anonymously?
Should I ask for the remaining amount of money owed to me when client extends deadline?
Is it unacceptable or not wise to email clients during the weekend?
I am a tutor and my client does not pay
Should I ask for the remaining amount of money owed to me when client extends deadline?
Using images in your website without a direct consent of the subject
Starting as a freelancer, can I hide my previous workplace?
Charging for Project (Strategy) Research before signing a contract
Should I separate websites for blog and business?
How can a new programmer work from home as a freelancer
Is it possible for Australian company to hire a full-time freelancer overseas?
Filing taxes as a minor from Upwork
How to tell a client that some of their pages on a website are completely useless
How necessary are NDAs for small projects when working with freelancers supposedly in your home country?
small web project, is it reasonable to not meet with the client?
Can I get into freelance web development with just basic web dev knowledge?
Site created for agency...can I show it in my portfolio?
VAT charge in the EU
How to prepare a job to keep it on schedule?
UK tax for foreign freelancer
Can I sue my client for not paying?
Regular or Extended license for Theme/Module bought by a client?
Should I do a closing interview with my client post-launch of website?
Quote for source code review as expert witness
Client has my signed copy of contract but they haven’t signed yet
Are there any intermediary companies in Netherlands that allow you to work with your existing clients?
Contract-to-hire with no end date
Being safe as a client
Being Freelance in France
Where to host source code for a small client project?
Project owner is asking for refundable deposit
I did some freelance work for someone who is a sole proprietor, how do I report on my taxes?
Is there a time limit for assigning cost of training as a business expense?
Develop for self or Freelance?
Ask for a preview of the job before awarding a bid or after?
How to estimate as self-employed for gov't contract?
Upwork client is trying to sue me and threatening as well. What to do?
Intra-EU freelancer / contractor invoicing rules (taxes)
Selling Java library - which pricing model to choose?
Freelance Business Plan
Requirements on invoice for expenses to be able to recover the included VAT
How do I set up a contract for a IT company's logo?
How to learn about MSA, SOW, RFP? (consulting)
What/how to price project?
Does the success of a website depend not only on the number of visits but on the target population too?
Date on invoice?
Exclusivity of work
Weekly pricing, help with structure of deal
How much detail do you provide a client wanting to improve an existing site?
What will a foreigner need to legally work as a freelancer (web developer) in France?
How to politely stop doing free work for people
How do I avoid being a bad client?
If I am licensing a website to a client, what should the copyright on the site say?
I want to work as a freelancer in data entry. What skills are required and how can I make my profile attractive?
Do you need insurance before you freelance?
How to Push Back on Client Overstepping Contract?
Is it rude to be unavailable to clients when you are very busy?
Securing source code
How to specify a "deliverables after payment" clause?
Billable hours when doing passive task
How to find clients when you are a freelancer?
Using "DIY" quality product images on website
Do all clients requests, some off them or none at all?
Is it ok for an employee to claim credit for work done by contractor?
How to tell client I cant do any more changes till they pay invoice?
Do you bill for time waiting for client to respond within a single shift/day?
I charge hourly, but services used by the client have monthly costs
Does email domain affect the chances of getting clients?
Two sole traders tending for jobs together who don't want to be partners
Upwork no project still need to pay taxes
What can I do if underestimated the project ?
Safety/privacy as an online tutor?
How to efficiently find graphic design opportunities
Recruiter forwarding freelancer's profile without consent
How to ask for increase the budget for a freelancing project
Freelancer in Germany, South African client, do I charge VAT?
Supplying your own people to a client. Conflict of interest? Full disclosure?
What to do If I suggested and implemented wrong infrastructure for a client
Convince client not to want my software
How to protect video course materials provided to students
How to deal with clients that ask for new features in the middle of project?
Viability of a plan to get experience and to grow portfolio
Underage Freelance working
How do I market myself as a specializing generalist?
How do I tell a client that our contract isn't being upheld?
Is it appropriate to ask my client for more money?
How to tell client I accidentally went over their credit budget
Do I need to be a company to run my start-up like web entertainment portal?
Good Domain Name for Freelance Website
Client has cancelled the project and asking for refund of payment
What to do once the project goes live?
can I isssue an invoice to a client, on my future business name, before I register as a sole trader with HMRC?
Starting a one-person Ltd options
Is it ethical to close a project where there is no output without any pay
What can I do to earn money, with the fleet of Virtual Private Servers I own?
What is the best way to promote yourself as a specialist in a specific field?
Why are freelance rates for mobile developers on freelancer.com so low?
USA citizens as freelancers for foreign company
Do I have to pay for a freelance contract?
How the ideas are protected on freelance world?
Calculating 1099 hourly rate based on a w2
Client saying Another freelancer did the job while on contract
Client refused to pay for maintenance but now asks for small tweeks
UK VAT unique invoice number
How to deliver work and procedure for freelancing in Android app development
Should I give my customer a chance to make a counter offer?
How can I gauge market demand for my skills before going freelance?
Is it okay to prospect my customer's customers?
Wife being asked to register with Upwork; is this legit?
Can I take my client to court for non payment of invoice before invoice is due?
Question is how to deal with customer that is not paying through proper website channel and goes on increasing his offer?
Freelancing in Germany: am I a Freiberufler or Gewerbe?
Customer cancelled order and didn't paid for it? Can i take him to court
Can a client sue when I removed the work I did after they didn't pay
What is a good way to handle correction loops and clients which delay or deny project acceptance in fixed-price projects?
Junior Graphic Designer here. Am I being low-balled by a client who I've worked with for the past 3 years? How to remedy the situation?
Non-EU citizen in Germany under student visa - how much work can I take?
Client requesting things out of my domain in the name of maintainance
Client wants me to take a portfolio project off my website
What to do when a client cancels project 1 day before delivery?
How to deal with a customer who get work and didn't gave payment?
Client wants to find a payment scheme that works for us. He doesn't want retainer nor hourly. How to find a common ground?
Project which has potential and is important to me but going to fail because of budget
How to attract customers in the special field?
Trade off between project code and timeline.. room for future extensions
When hiring freelancers, do I give them contracts?
Put rent costs as expense when working from home in UK
Shall I ask my agency to overturn negative client feedback?
How to properly charge per unit of proof-reading?
Refudnable payment for new freelancer
How to write a good proposal as a freelancer on upwork?
Upwork portfolio - is it OK to use screenshots of a software that I worked on at my workplace?
UK Freelancing to EU Client (VAT MOSS)
how to open a web site for offer my service like freelancer in internet?
Landscaping gig
How do I tell a client that I'm working fewer hours because they pay me much worse than my other clients?
Not getting paid by Tutorme.com
Hiring Contractors for Lead Generation
How to Showcase Your Work As A Beginner
Social Networking As A Multi-Niche Freelancer
Freelancer sent an undiscussed bill for quote
Advertise through email
How to become a freelance programmer without knowing much about Web Design?
How do time tracking application for software development freelancer work?
Should I tell my client that software already exists to fill their need?
Non-billable hours if you're expected on a bench with unclear timelines
How Do I Pay Contractors and Customers
Is leaflet dropping bad practice?
How much should I pay for a simple android app
How to formulate contract for component to be paid on a "per product sold" basis
How can I sell to Big Clients?
freelance portfolio youtube channel
How to combine the general advantages of "work for hire" and retain my right for reuse the code?
advice on consulting with a team
Self-employed 401k
Team gathering for open source project
Receipts and invoices
Client wants free and half-rate meetings
US bank account - Which information should I provide?
Wordpress website quote advice
Quote for a full week of sprint/workshop - How to price this?
How to build a portfolio as a freelancer new to the market
Do you own the right to publish someone's work after you pay them?
Rate for a novice building a Wordpress site
What to do with this client? I'm not getting paid
Best way to launch your mobile app
Managing Someone else's Social Media
Advice when pitching a day rate to maximize billable time
How to avoid working as an unofficial full-time employee?
How can a teenager start freelancing?
What expectations are there of support when handing development over to a different contractor after my contract is terminated?
How to deal with indecisive clients?
How can I justify my opinion about app release?
Freelancers, do you have any advice when clients cancel the project?
Client paid for project in full, canceled the project 4 months into it (nothing to do with me) wants refund for unfinished work
How do I notify my Client that my Consultancy Agreement is expiring & also I want them to renew it
Is frontend web development worth learning in 2019?
How to help a client understand that 16-hour effort doesn't mean deliver the next day?
Client doesn't give approval but changes expectation. What should I do?
Can/Should I provide engineering services with a PO and no contract?
Contract canceled after 90% of effort was expended - client pegs delivered value at 50%
How to sell Android app to a general contractor for my desired price?
How do you keep track of the details for the different websites you maintain?
Tips For Freelancing & Wordpress Workflow
Client hasn't answered nor read my emails
If I worked for clients at a marketing agency, am I allowed to say I worked for them now that I'm freelance?
Very difficult client now seems to have lost interest
How do I start freelancing in IT?
How can a student be a freelancer?
How to make sure I will get paid
Client wants more features near project end
How to set a project completion deadline for a project that already got extended out?
Graphic designer tapped to work on multiple projects. Best way to charge? Retainer? Hourly? Per project?
How can I begin with either volunteering or freelancing or online work?
Upwork - How much to charge for an hourly rate if I'm new?
Social Media Portfolios
Any sites for collaborating on for-profit, closed source projects
Setting up an "exit strategy" without upsetting or causing troubles to clients
Any ways to earn by getting clicks and views?
How do I establish a network becoming more a community not an "exclusive club"?
How would a contract look like for allowing developers to reuse source code in other projects?
Is there any service to outsource reading job offers I get and negotiating with potential employers?
How are images, icons, videos, logos, etc. budgeted, and who chooses them, the developer or the client?
Some guidance on how to start as a freelance Web Designer
How to guard against being held responsible for loss/damages whilst helping someone with basic computing?
How to price speculative enquiries
VATMOSS Do I have to collect it if I sell my design services for a monthly subscription?
How to give client a bill for service performend half a year ago?
EU freelancer, UK client non-paying and full of it
UK self-employed, not VAT payee, EU client wants EU VAT number
Can client demand a refund for software that fails specifications?
How can I be paid as founder of a LLC?
Will be my money transfered to my bank account through Paypal if my VISA card is debit?
How to estimate project costs - Mail (Postal) survey?
Doing contract work for a foreign client
How to deal with a client who won't tell description about the site he wants?
Clients with 1-2 days long project asking for daily updates since I was offered the project
How do I reply back to my freelancer if he is not maintaining deadlines and delaying the project?
As a solo, freelance, web developer/designer, should I bill for project management?
Should I work for free if client's requirement changed
Client is blaming me for missing deadline when he didn't provided credentials timely
What should I charge for a custom shirt builder web application?
How to run several projects simultaneously?
How to avoid 'Pretending' to work?
Client suggesting to cap off a project
What options are available in the UK to someone who is looking to work on the road?
How to learn writing REST API's?
Does the clients have the rights to sue if I took too long (breach of contract)?
How can I find out who the principal investors are of a recently formed corporation in Delaware
What is the freelancer's responsibility regarding software bugs?
How to scale yourself with the client being comfortable?
Gaining experience and confidence whilst developing coding abilities
When do I ask for an advance/upfront payment
My client calls me for hours during my work hours. How do I handle him?
