Spot the difference game design help
How to prevent fleeing monster from backing himself into a dead end?
Loading tilemaps, entering buildings, chopping big maps
How to get the result of random item with different possibility?
How many shadow casting lights are in modern games?
Want to develop my own primitive physics engine, don't know how to start with its high-level architecture. Suggestions?
Using 16 bit index buffers - USHORT vs UINT
Is Java AWT suitable for 2d game rendering?
Getting Past "Boring" Content Creation
How to get started being a game designer
What's the URL of the video showing an EA representative talking about game programming?
Are games designed to be addictive?
How to get a game done?
What is the difference between the marching cubes algorithm and metaballs?
What are the best ways to serialize and unserialize network messages for C/C++ multiplayer game?
Searching a map fewer times
Convert Autocad DWG to OBJ, FBX or similar
Where is ID3D10EffectShaderResourceVariable::SetResourceArray in SlimDX?
Compressing game save data
Using a web service for multiplayer games?
Starcraft II Galaxy Editor - Eventdefinition
What kind of system can I use to balance an RPG?
Converting 2d path to 3d path
Networking in real-time strategy games
Framebufferobject crashes when I do pop without resetting the framebuffer to the original
What can be a game-play element in a game with Shakespeare's plays as the main theme?
Inheritance vs Composition
database design for a game like "Empires and Alies" in facebook
Synchronize turn based browser game
Which are the most futureproof languages for graphics (shader) programming?
Does radiosity work with skylight?
How do you make a water shader?
Dungeon map generator not working in javascript
VSync / real 30FPS on Android
How do I create particles that react to the player and enemies?
Android BitmapFactory.decodeStream loading BGR format?
What is the best and simplest way to get input text from user in an OpenGL app?
3D game: is a spatial index necessary?
how could RTT be so slow on my intel card?
What is the correct order to multiply scale, rotation and translation matrices for a proper world matrix?
What tools are needed for making 3D games?
Why do games run so much better in Windows than in OSX?
Easiest turn-base games you can think of?
How to properly handle errors in a D3D11 framework?
DirectX 10 - determining if hardware device is available
Moving a particle around an Archimedean spiral at a constant speed
What is the name of perspective of Age of Empires II?
Questions regarding games architecture with XNA
C# Top down movement limitation
How to not-unroll loops in Shader Model 3 HLSL
Water simulation in Isometric game
Which language is best for 2D and 3D games to be played on the desktop and on the web?
How to get the physics just right in a physics driven game
Optimal Compression for Speech
How does UVW texture mapping work?
Game (X-Plane) boot/startup time / performance
What are the different ways to balance an online multiplayer game where user spend different amounts of time online?
Learning GLSL: What's a good intermediate project to work on?
Is there a way to create a cellular automaton mod for Minecraft?
XNA 4.0: Animating a moving 2D sprite (not via user input)
Rate-limiting players actions in a multiplayer game
Good practices to hold terrain data in a 2D networked game
XNA 4.0: Trouble Aligning an Animating Sprite (Texture Origin)
OpenGL: Display Memory, Offscreen Memory, and the Framebuffer?
Should I use different object types for different kind of 3D meshes?
When rendering on two different computers, the texture is glitchy
How to decrease velocity constantly?
Where can I find animated textures for free?
Setting up collision using a tilemap and cocos2d
Projected trajectory of a vehicle?
How to start publishing Flash games
Handling collisions with ground
2D Procedural Terrain Generation - Guaranteeing connectedness?
GNUstep Game Development
Question About An Implementation Of Parallax Scrolling In C++/SDL/OpenGL
2D game collision response: SAT & minimum displacement along a given axis?
How do I get the vertical angle between 2 vectors?
animation in Rhythm game similar to Jubeat Plus
Video game entity storage and structures
Algorithm for a tool to theorycraft stats based on a game(league of legends)
How do I generate a torus mesh?
In FPS's what is the primary reason for unused ammo in a removed magazine returning to the ammo pool?
How fill gutter using ID3DXTextureGutterHelper interface?
How do i get the X,Y and Z of the way my unit is facing?
Rendering only what is on the screen
Converting a Flash animation to Silverlight
Nvidia Cg 3.0 Manual/Documentation?
Creating similar effects of Geometry Wars in 2D only
Where can I learn about Substance maps for 3ds Max 2012?
Detecting right/left collisions with a bounding box
Find the closest point along a rectangle, given an another point and direction
Path planning for volumes in games
How to implement a track for a wipeout-style game on a mobile device?
How can I achieve the realtime clouds/sky effect of Lumion?
What is the best Android gaming engine for Billiards game?
Is a multiplayer game in JavaScript a bad idea?
Multiplatform GLSL shader validator?
Rotation deforming mesh (Opengl ES 2.0)
Should I have a public development blog?
Visual Design for AI
gluLookAt vs glTranslate + glRotate and camera transformation matrices
Events, Posting vs Queuing
Collision detection problem
Zoom to mouse cursor DirectX
Windows-Linux cross platform game
Learning To Create Better Art (2D Games)
3ds max "thread stiching" plugin for cloths or furniture
Find new position of rotated by 10 degrees line
How to remove a box2d body when collision happens?
Normal transformation and homogeneous coordinates
How to capture video of my mobile game?
Is there a rule of thumb to scale up the environment by 33%?
How to move the ball in straight line in gamesalad?
Enemy mathematical behavior
how can I move an actor in opposit direction of mouse's position in GameSalad?
Finding which side one point is from another point
Crafting recipes: storage and quering
Sphere collision response
How can I find a point on a line when I have only two other points?
What are "frame rate" and "fps?"
Vector field based game engine
2D top down movement
Solving for velocity in the x/y/z axes?
Is it possible (from the vertex shader) to always draw at specific pixels?
Does this constitute as copyright infringement?
Faking isometric graphics in a 2D space game
How useful would it be to know a scripting language when developing an iOS game?
moving glDepthMask into a shader
Correct way to abstract an XBox Controller
How can I animate a recursive algorithm?
Game Loop: Should resources be initialized in the game loop or in the respective classes? (both?)
Which software to keep track of my project?
Going from using XMLSerializer to using the XNA Content Pipeline
Blend Modes in Cocos2D with glBlendFunc
Octree contains tris, shapes, models or both?
UI: Main Menu options for mobile games. What options should be listed? What do users want to see?
Box2D Raycast - Getting position / angle of edge hit
Which data structure should be used to represent voxel terrain?
How to wisely update body trajectories in a 3D space simulation game?
Designing a ResourceManager class
iOS Game Development - Where to start?
Should Different "Types" of Animations be in the Same Class?
Are there any benefits for using the CPU instead of the GPU?
Are there any top down view sources available for SLICK/LWJGL?
Most efficient way to capture OpenGL ES content of iPhone screen
How to make a tile vanish after player steps on it, in a tilebased game?
Question About Scrolling A Tilemap In C++/SDL/OpenGL
Collision Managers and bitmaps
Time limit on puzzle games: yea or nay?
Getting the angle between two objects?
Which one is better for a beginner to start with game development - unity3d or cryengine 3?
How can I implement shader lookups for my material system?
Spawning units in a world made by Perlin noise?
Best cross-platform solution for building 3D toolsets?
Proper way to handle destruction of game entities
How did they do it: Trine 2.5d terrain?
Weird white outline around model
Which files should I be looking at to do a total conversion mod using the Source Engine?
Will polishing my current project be a better learning experience than starting a new one?
How forcefully should a single-player engine reject invalid data?
Tile Map Coordinates
(XNA) Checking coordinates, directly vs List<Vector2> vs Dictionary<X, List<Y>>
Debugging tips?
Graphic optimization for iPhone
How do you handle iPhone graphics for both high and low DPI settings?
Everything "invisible" when launching map from launcher
Why place entity config outside of scripts?
For voxel rendering, what is more efficient: pre-made VBO or a geometry shader?
What technology does the iPhone game "Zombie Highway" use?
Free AAA RTS engine SDK?
How to: create a 3rd person view, multiple layer 3d world
How to resolve collisions of compound shapes using SAT?
How to make simple-graphics game
Physics in a 2D oblique perspective game
Object updates, internal vs external?
2D Lighing in XNA
Polygon editor to draw collision data over image
Which programming language is used to develop an app  in corona?
Exporting an animated FBX to XNA? (in 3DS Max)
Create vertices + indices for cylinder with triangle strips
How do I calculate logical velocity / direction?
Efficient 2d Java Line of Sight for a lot of entities?
XNA Platformer Collision: PerPixel vs Rectangle
How are the graphical effects in the Android game Orbital created?
Use PIX to find model Polygon count in XNA?
How do you organize your game files and classes?
what are the networking features available in iphone?
How does the camera/UI know who the player is?
How many "parallel units" does a GPU have?
What do you use to create sprite graphics?
Database for increased scalability in a mmorpg?
Examples of Android Joystick Controls?
How to use the box2d contact listener in android (java port)?
Is there an all inclusive C++ game engine that is free
Why might my Object Attributes become linked after refactoring?
For my first 3D engine, should I go for one that is already made, or minimalistic?
D3D11 - Setting multiple ID3D11SamplerStates for the pixel shader stage once and leaving them be
What is OpenGL ES Shading Language based on and what are the differences?
Entity position: In map or in script?
How would you structure a weapon class such that it works for many types of weapons?
Storing Entity Meta-Data
Which parts of my game should be Activity objects?
Rendering skinned model with DirectX
When would I use "scripts" or "scripting" in a game, as opposed to the core language?
does opengl automatically handle offscreen rendering?
How can I set up a Pong-style game using the physics system in Unity?
All Pairs Shortest Paths in Weighted Undirected Graph
Linking nodes algoritm for Visual Design
Driving Force GT: Force Feedback and Wheel Rotation
How can I create a game as a live wallpaper?
Enemy Movement AI
How does one prevent homing missiles from orbiting their targets?
Blurring point light variance shadow map
The best open source CMS for developing a statistic based football game?
Generate a range of number with X being returned most of the time
What is a good format for a 3d topview map?
Conversion of a number from Single precision floating point representation to a Half precision floating point
Game engine and data driven design
Should scripts interact with an abstraction of the engine?
SQl, noSQL, and Doctrine with Symfony 2.0
Calculating the angular direction from velocity
Skipping glReadPixels and reading iPhone's "VRAM" directly
How do you make a customizable 3D character with animation in iOS?
How to get and copy font bitmap from WinGDI to a IDirect3DTexture9?
How do I extend Irrlichts scene manager?
What should I do to get my Blender models into my iOS game?
Where can I find some good 3D character artists?
What language was used to make Jetpack Joyride?
How can I spawn monsters at random locations?
How can I spawn multiple monsters in my game?
How to find which side of a collider has been hit from hit.normal?
Clean way to detect collision of object with box2d
Variable physics step, bad idea?
box2d reset position of falling object not behaving properly
How to handle multiple story threads in a RPG game?
Shapes and sprites in SVGs
How can I track a falling ball with a camera?
Game State Management using Lua
XNA game randomly drops to 40fps
Need help implementing shadows on platform with limited feature set
What are the specific mathematics, physics, AI and general concepts a programmer should know in order to develop a game engine?
Why do Pool.Default D3D volume textures take memory from my process?
Creating a Game Engine with a C++ Compiler?
How to make a 2D Soft-body physics engine?
QT for lan game devleopment
Using a GLSL fragment shader to draw a texture in the middle of a quad
XNA 3rd Person Camera - pitch reverses when facing backwards?
objective-c iphone sdk side scrolling
Deciding Which Platforms to Support -- Silveright (+Android?)
Are mobile devices a viable platform/market for "User-Generated Content"-based games?
shadowing billboards
Are there any games that contain a machine learning AI?
How do I add Different Screens to my C#/XNA Game?
Does OGRE do hardware skinning by default?
Quaternion understanding
Calculating minimum velocity of the projectile needed to hit target in parabolic arc
Advice of feasibility of final year project
Random looking item placement that's deterministic?
How should I represent a tile in OpenGL-es
How do I export an animated scene with a rigged character and dds textures to blender from 3DSMAX 7?
XNA - Getting HLSL pixel of current render target?
What is the math behind the light effect in krakatoa?
How to deal with corner collisions in 2D?
Examples of faking 3D
How does a game without loading times work?
How do I implement SkyBox in xna 4.0 Reach Profile (for Windows Phone 7)?
Pros & Cons on different game engines
2d very large tile based game, zoom and pan considerations
Sounds for Car racing game
Issue With Image Rendereing
Is there a game oriented graphics or image editor?
XNA C#: How can I prevent blurring when drawing from a RenderTarget2D?
how to check if a gameserver can handle clients before game release?
How to convert pixel coordinates to GL coordinates in 2D space?
3d immersive Virtual Conference meeting environment development on the web (3d website)-Help required
What causes "ETC1 cannot be resolved" errors when building AndEngine?
Make Love2D load resource from inside the .love file
python for game development
Trying to implement Render to Texture
XNA HLSL - what happens if I grab a pixel outside a texture?
Why unity crashes when using shell32 in unity3d?
How can I make "falling away" 3D terrain like Animal Crossing?
How is software rendering done?
How do you setup the Irrlicht and Bullet engines for Android development?
Rendering Trailing Effect Using Opengl
WebGL geometry calculations
How detect which OpenGL texture formats are natively supported?
Windows Form code not executing?
What use does the unary & operator have in this piece of C++ code?
What happened to .fx files in D3D11?
How does Trine's lighting look so spectacular?
Is it easy to switch from Chipmunk to Box2D?
Do players like holiday events?
What's a good Open Source game to learn from?
Equation to make small number big and big number small (gravity)
Rendering tiles on 3/4 perspective
Is there anything like XNA for c++?
Need guidelines for quest xp and reward balancing
SpriteBatch.Draw() rectangle is different from destinationRectangle passed in
ID3D10Device Pointer Problem
What is the "DirectX for Managed Code Update"?
Culling Techniques for 3d OpenGL ES game
Export Blender 2.59 models with animations to XNA 4
1% idea, 99% execution?
Raycasting in Unity3D?
Is 3DS Max the sofware used to design all game contents?
2D physics performance on iPhone/Android using Unity 3D?
Hide game data from player?
Is there a library or a framework that handles networking in an RTS?
Enemy class architecture
Should I go with SpriteBatch or just 3D with Z component always zero?
Shape editor with custom format?
differences between opengl 3 and opengl 4
Loading Bitmap by name in Android
How to make a customizable 3D character with maya for a flash game
Can SpriteBatch be used to fill a polygon with a texture?
How should I go about abstracting away the graphics device?
How does pixeljunk shooter simulate its liquids?
Out of bounds in AAA games
Can an iOS application have an explicit quit button?
Basic 2D game collision
What are the disadvantages of marking every edge as a seam when unwrapping a mesh?
How do you get graphic?
Fading to transparent with premultiplied alpha
Identifying connected lines drawn free-hand by a user
Code to tessellate a general quadric
ActionScript 3.0 and iOS
Entity/Component Systems in C++, How do I discover types and construct components?
create an event for every enum value (game action handeling)
OpenGL ES Faces appear to be transparent when alpha is 1.0?
How do I handle user input with good class structure/architecture for an Android game?
Can a scrub design/develop a strong competitive fighter?
Anyone have a game UI recommendation?
Is there a better way to set up an event system?
What do potential employers look for in a good portfolio?
Physics or Time-Based Animation In Corona SDK (iOS) Using Box2D
C/C++ code to generate texture coordinates for a curved surface
Maya depth buffer plus OpenGL depth buffer
Designing Levels For any Odd Games
XNA game loop Update and Draw
C# different resolutions compatible application
Run-time Navigation Mesh Generation for 2D Tile Maps
Determining if player-created structure matches a template in a 3D block-based game
Is it essential that I learn Try/Catch and Finally statements for Game Programming, or is it something I can come back to?
is it possible to use c# GUI toolbox in an XNA app?
Having trouble with grouping in 3D Studio Max
Is XNA for iOS overkill?
Has anyone used PhoneGap to make 2D games for the iPhone?
Is the STL efficient enough for mobile devices?
What is grid in Unity and how can I implement it?
How to implement cheat proof trading system in a game?
Is there a way to get the Newgrounds API to run a Stencyl game?
Is there a design flaw when an entity's state doesn't fully utilize enter(), execute() and exit()?
How to write AI bots that can autoplay a shoot 'em up game?
How can I create a lighting engine for BSP geometry in OpenGL?
Allegro 5 Mouse Look
How to handle a huge map?
Farseer engine built for MonoTouch?
Increasing resolution of a texture?
COLLADA: Inverse bind pose in the wrong space?
Increase blitting speed?
Moving players into same square simultaneously?
Does a game have to explicitly support SLI/Crossfire to take advantage of it?
Implementing a large scale (planet-like) level in XNA 4.0
Yaw Pitch and Roll question
How do I animate a spritesheet in cocos2d Android
Unity: 2D problem (I'm using Orthello package but any advice appreciated)
Can the player character and static entities use behavior trees instead of state machines?
How should I approach AI for Spades game?
What can I do to make sure that I have the energy to work on my game while working full-time?
Best portable console platform for game development?
Vector class throwing an error after publishing the FLA for generating .ipa from flash CS5
Image drawing tools (that aren't Photoshop) that work in the sRGB colorspace
How to make a platformer character go DOWN a 315 degree slope?
How to add energy ball which disappears when touched by player in UDK?
16-Bit textures in XNA 4 on WP7
How can I fix Dalvik conversion errors during the build of an AndEngine game?
How can I make grid tiles/plane transparent
legal disclaimers and lisence type for a free multiplayer browser game
How do I implement a subclass of CCSprite?
Box2d/Farseer how to use the World object?
How to resize an image texture according to the size of a sprite in directx9 or slimdxDirect3d9?
Unusual Lighting Effects - Random Polygons Coloured
"Clone" a RenderTarget2D?
Implementing recoil in a realistic and balanced way?
Portal 2 mapping dimensions and measurments
How would one determine the length of a path?
How to rotate blocks in tetris
How to prevent a certain textured quad from the effect of the pixel Shader at the run time in slimdxdirect3d9 or directx9?
How to get started in Card Games
AABB for a tile based world
What does the graphics card do with the fourth element of a vector as the final position?
What are the disadvantages and/or limitations of navigation meshes?
Stuck on development of turn-based-strategy game
Access violation in DirectX OMSetRenderTargets
Question about "Entity System" design
What's the best way to create animations when doing Android development?
If "ResourceManager" classes are considered bad, what are the alternatives?
Situational awareness in path finding
What are the advantages and disadvantages of both writing a wrapper, and not writing a wrapper?
how to get started making games with java
How do I get a list of all available entities in a Source engine game?
Are the Minecraft animations hardcoded into the game?
DirectX11, how do I manage and update multiple shader constant buffers?
Meshes crashed memory from CharacterCustomization example
semi 3d walls, should I use sprite sheet or render them 3d?
Problem representing torque as a quaternion
Why is my Diamond-Square implementation producing blocky, banded results?
What is an efficient way to deal with large, scrolling background images?
Multi-tile agent path-finding algorithm?
How do I create an installer for my XNA demo?
Setting up Payout on the Microsoft App Hub
Change flag if mousepress while on loop
How can I implement fixed joints in a 2D physics system?
How does one write to another process's OpenGL/DirectX context?
Is an entity/component system appropriate for this geometry handling system?
How do I store Items in MySQL?
How should I track players' real-time positions in an MMO?
How do you manage your game resources in XNA?
Chunking/caching large levels in a singleplayer game
C# 2D Game Design/Architecture Question
Making the AI take different paths to each other
How to optimize primitives in SecondLife/Opensim?
3ds envelope underlap?
Is it worth supporting iOS 3.x or iPhone 3G devices anymore when developing a game?
How to tie a bullet release with a firing animation
XNA: Perform Collision Detection Against 3D Scene Geometry
How to decide who wins a race?
How do you author HDR content?
Should I batch up debug primitives for rendering in modern OpenGL?
In XNA, is there an issue with copying/pasting the using statements to each .cs file?
Engine programming, is it supposed to be enjoyable?
tic tac toe computer opponent
How can I implement revolute (hinge) joints in a 2d physics system?
Looking for a royalty free sci-fi sounding song thats 1:00+ long, and costs <= $5
Is this the right architecture for our MMORPG mobile game?
How to drag my dragging object in 'game'-unity?
Would a Python game run on multiple platforms?
What are some current techniques for rendering deformable landscapes?
How can I solve these errors when using SimpleAudioEngine?
Beginning RTS game student project
Designing a game - Where to start?
Must know legal issues when releasing a game?
How can I center a circle around a point on an HTML canvas?
Wave ripple effect?
How to detect collision with non-rectangular objects in 2D games?
Getting errors while compiling Irrlicht for Android
How should I structure my classes to allow for multithreaded simulation?
Rendering fancy particles?
How can I detect collision between a circle and a rectangle?
Using GPU on Silverlight 5 for a Fast Fourier Transform
VS deployment problems
XNA - Update vertices property stored in a VertexBuffer
How can realistic 3D body-part movement be implemented?
Can one develop an application with Bluetooth support on iOS using Flash Builder 4.5?
How do I add leaderboard feature of OpenFeint in android?
What should I focus on learning to get a job doing high level programming instead of low level programming?
DirectXCollision.h missing
Handling different version clients in a multiplayer game
Manipulating a free camera
Interfaces 101: Making it Pretty
What's the best way to track game phases?
programming light sources in java
How can I implement fast, accurate 2D collision detection?
Where do I begin if I want to write a C++ 2d game?
How do I create a CPU read/write buffer in SlimDX (what are the legal combinations of Usage and CPUAccess flags)?
Is there a SDK for 2D games that will deploy to PC, Flash and Android?
What are the pros and cons of incorporating Lua into a C++ game?
tiled map - changing textures? (XNA HLSL)
When Should You Revisit Old Web/Mobile Games To Improve Them?
Best open-source 3D game engine for a first person shooting game?
Raycasting problem
Updating XNA BoundingSphere - sphere moves in opposite Y direction?
Does the ClientSizeChanged event disable exceptions?
2D Platformer Collisions
Is Domain Driven Design good for games?
2D circle / rectangle collision detection issue - brief overlap
Integrate LibRocket With SDL And OpenGL
How can I see the height of an object within Blender?
How can I program on the GPU in Unity?
Car movement in arcade racing game
Is it sound to use javascript for cross platform game scripting instead of lua? I might need web clients for my game
Trouble rigging rotating head to pivoting arm
What should I be considering when designing an Event Manager System?
Understanding Perlin Noise
Circle-Line Collision Detection Problem
How to get the maximum installed version of DirectX?
Get position of point on circumference of circle, given an angle?
How to handle multiplayer in JavaScript?
How does one multiply by a constant in a VS1.1 assembly vertex shader?
What is a good method to randomly generate edges between graph nodes?
Ideas for 2D Water Simulation
How do I find a point on a line?
Is there a proxy for the Steam Web API?
Does Blitz3D use its own 3D engine or does it wrap OpenGL?
How do "game maker" tools like Blitz3D create .exe files?
Restricting Camera Movements with OpenGL
Where have the cross and dot products gone in DirectX10?
Where can I find free or buy "next-gen" 3D Assets?
How do I use render targets in XNA?
How to create a view looking down the sight of the gun
How to calculate vector that is perpendicular to the direction of moving in Flash?
OpenGL datatypes conversion overhead
Which language and tools should I choose for creating 2D games?
How can I determine the first visible tile in an isometric perspective?
Creating 3D Models for Game similar to Tron in Blender
Multiplayer card game using PHP/Ajax and mysql
Does Unity for PC use Direct3D or OpenGL?
State of the art in image compression?
Starting a Game Dev Incubator - Engines to Start With?
Line segment / circle intersection - X value seems wrong?
What is the most serious limitation of Unity?
Model not rendering correctly XNA
How to verify if the client files are the same as the server files?
How can I run my XNA demo straight from a CD?
How does one make a 3D background in a 2D game?
most efficient AABB vs Ray collision algorithms
Blender: projecting an image via a spotlight onto a plane
How do I align the matrix used in SpriteBatch and the matrix used in BasicEffect?
Clipping polygons in XNA with stencil (not using spritebatch)
Equivalent of glDrawTexfOES in OpenGL ES 2.0?
Create quaternion based on where a unit is hit (shield effect as in Starcraft 2)
Making a HUD/GUI with OpenGL (LWJGL)
Tangible benefits to speed-coding your personal game projects
What are heterogeneous coordinate systems and reasons for using them?
What are some good books for iPhone C++ game programming?
Tilemap rendering with openGL (why the rendering is extremely messed up)
Joint constraints in PhysX
Animation in OpenGL using 3D Models
How do I move a 3D particle using the Mercury particle engine?
How can I draw many objects on screen instead of just one?
creation of a meta-game
How can I simulate a randomly-generated universe?
Why would you want multiple render targets?
Algo for rotating tower towards enemy - Unity
How can I handle transferring a character from one collision surface to another?
How can one access the depth buffer for Unreal Tournament 2004?
What is the maximum width of a Facebook game page?
How can I get started making textures for 3D games?
Is it wrong to transmit information about a user's machine to my own servers without informing the user?
Java vs Javascript for Web-based games
What should I keep in mind when making 2D games for multiple resolutions?
Can ARToolkit be used with Unity on the Android platform?
What is a decent polygon count for minimal spherical objects?
What is an appropriate OpenGL(ES)-based game engine meeting these criteria?
How to increase update speed of game?
Why do meshes show up as bones in the Model class?
How does one specify raster operations in XNA?
Why are my texture coordinates always (0,0) in this shader?
Is my technique for client-side character movement in an MMORPG reasonable?
How to use rigid bodies for characters?
How do I get an xbox 360 controller to rumble?
How do I go from a general idea to a specific draft of a design?
How do I use D3DXVec3Normalize()?
What technique should I use to facilitate communication between XNA GameComponents (or between components of any type in a game)?
Where is the "Scripts Window" menu in Blender 2.59?
Programmatically determine UVs by rotating a plane along X axis
What tool should I use to make this game?
Is there a turn-based game service (like GKTurnBasedMatch on iOS) for desktops?
How can I make this style of 2D "glowing" graphics?
How do I organize my game into multiple classes in C#?
How do I handle collision detection so fast objects are not allowed to pass through walls?
What are developers using for voice chat on Windows?
Is there a 3D equivalent of hex tile maps?
What is a "cue" in the XACT API?
How can I create a smooth simulation for a fast-paced, multiplayer table hockey game?
How do I linearly interpolate between two vectors?
Which 3D graphic engine to use to target old pc's and old graphic cards?
How can I implement a renderer that can draw many kinds of primitives?
Where can I find True Type fonts that are free for commercial use?
Is it possible to write a game that doesn't require a GPU?
How should I calculate world and projection matrices in this scenario?
Where can I find a BRDF reference implementation?
Should I use a world matrix?
How can I deploy an Android game without going through the marketplace?
How can I implement framerate-independant updates?
Why am I seeing this assertion error during Collada DOM loading?
Should I consider a graduate degree in game development?
How do I prevent flickering when drawing to a JPanel?
How can I create an efficient bloom shader with GLSL?
What is wrong with my technique for transmitting server and client game state?
What should I do to prevent my monsters from walking off platforms?
How should I update vectors, et cetera, in a time-based fashion?
Browser based MMO
Optimal data size for a 3G client-server game?
Reliability and suitability of 3G connection for client-server turn-based non-asynchronous game
Does Apple currently accept iPhone apps with embedded Lua?
Problem With Smooth Animation In C++/SDL/OpenGL
How can I improve this enemy database implementation?
How can I make the switch from immediate mode to VBOs?
Rotating an object at the user specified speed in corona
Why does my position interpolation code result in "jumpy" motion?
How can I seamlessly loop a background texture in XNA?
Importing FBX with multiple meshes in UDK
What's the difference between XNA Game Services and glorified global variables?
How can I create a random "world" in a tile engine?
How do I create the playing field for my game?
Is it possible to fake blur via images?
Polishing your game: how much is enough?
Rendering an explosion in 3D Studio Max to a spritesheet?
How should I manage game levels in a flash games?
How can I implement "cut outs" for lighting in OpenGL?
In cocos2d's plist output, what are 'offset,' 'colorSourceRect,' and these other fields?
It is possible to use Pokemon images in a game?
How does one disable the right-click context menu in Flash?
Network client-server message exchange and clock synchronization help
How can I create a "night sky" effect in OpenGL?
How can I render a shiny, metallic surface?
rendering bloom effect
How do texture lookups for trig functions work?
How do I implement anti-aliasing in OpenGL?
How can I rotate a sphere in response to mouse movement?
How does one avoid the "staircase effect" in pixel art motion?
GLSL Shader Editors for Linux
Is it possible to build an app with Corona with only a PC, and expect it to reasonably run well on an iPhone?
Is there a good cross-platform C++ vector graphics library out there?
What is a good algorithm for fractal-based procedural city layout?
What technologies are required for 3D game development?
Which game platform has the most users?
Is it possible to calculate or mathematically prove if a game is balanced / fair?
Should I use OGRE3D or start from scratch with OpenGL for a large, procedural, open world game?
Should game services be global? (XNA)
How do games like Minecraft generate entire worlds from a seed number?
XNA Rotation results in a pixelated image
How to change particle graphics emitted by FlxEmitter?
2D Terrain Generation
Rotating an object in OpenGL about it's centre
The Depth buffer and Perspective
Creating Font Textures in Direct3d without D3DX
Vector games (Wireframe, Elite-like) theory and implementations?
How could I improve this random map?
What score/level function is often used?
How do I get a Rigged 3D Model made in blender to display and animate on the iPhone?
Image splitting / tiling software for Mac
3D Flight Path Generation and applying a curve to x,y,z
How can I assign entity IDs in a robust way in a network game?
How can I simulate shattering glass?
Why would I support multiple rendering engines simultaneously?
How many moves to think ahead for chess minimax AI?
How can I randomly generate arbitrary "rules" for a creative card game 
Is it safe to use Sleep() in game loop (on Windows)?
Can someone explain the (reasons for the) implications of colum vs row major in multiplication/concatenation?
Need a reference to an [unusual?] RTS setting
Cloning a game and releasing the source
Free Moddable 2d game with good community and tools
2D XNA C#: Texture2D Wrapping Issue
BoundingBox created from mesh to origin, making it bigger
Pygame water ripple effect
Ogre3D: customize water demo
Pygame circular cropping/masks
OpenGL textures loaded with SDL_Image display with no alpha
camera movement along with model
Image spinning in c#
How to make a background fill the screen on different-resolution phones?
Baking Key Frame Animation in Blender
In a scrolling 2D game, should the objects move or should the camera move?
How much extra processing power is required for a 3D TV compatible game?
How to port a game from IPad to Iphone
Is there any reason for doing back face culling in software?
How to properly handle collision in a component-based game?
How do I play audio with Javascript?
How do I move a 2D top-down racing camera smoothly and show what's ahead of the player?
Evolutionary Procedural Generation
Packaging Jar with External Libraries in Eclipse
My isometric game looks flat; how can I improve this?
Is Jump Point Search (A* with JPS) appliable to non-diagonal grids?
How do you simulate frictionless movement?
Check if the vector is behind another or maybe opposite directions?
How do I draw a multi-object mesh at once?
Is there a pattern for writing a turn-based server communicating with n clients over sockets?
Does Pokemon use any deep A.I in battle?
MySQL Recursive Query (kind of) help to determine tech tree prerequisites 
Triangulating a bunch of squares
Evolving a Terrain Generator
how can you build with libTcod on OsX?
Ogre 3d and bullet physics interaction
Is there a good existing starting point for realistic 2d racing car physics?
How to make sure there's always a walkable path for enemies in a tower-defense game?
What are the fundamentals of a Quad Billboarding effect?
Should I continue studying OpenGL or just switch to DirectX to  give me a better chance of landing a job in the game industry?
Where will my character stop?
What is a good file format for saving game data?
Need some advice on designing components
It is worth adding 'futuristic' features to our game, or should we put our focus elsewhere?
Why is OpenGL using 100% CPU shortly after start up when wglSwapIntervalEXT is enabled?
What is causing this problem with my object rotation?
Very easy game builders?
How can I make OpenGL textures scale without becoming blurry?
Conundrum with quality and virus reports: is our game releasable?
How to make box2d mouse joint works similar to box2d setposition
Ara matrices calculated on the GPU or on the CPU? Would built-in matrix functions be faster than my custom ones?
What early design decisions are important for creating "performant" multiplayer games?
if you had a bunch of good server hardware - what would you do with it? make it game related?
How can I implement view wobble when my player is running?
How do I implement side scrolling in a javascript platformer?
help animating a player in Corona SDK
Interpolating from Current- to Target-value every frame
Getting rid of dead objects in a game effectively?
Why isn't my mouse input working as expected in a DX10 game?
Changing properties for multiple objects in unity 3d free?
Animating sprites at different speed than what the game runs at
How can I determine the velocity after impact of a 2D ball collision?
How do I set up moving platforms in a 2D side scroller to interact with the player properly?
Why do games for Facebook have to be about 622 pixels high?
XNA Easy Storage XBOX 360 High Scores
Searching for the right engine for a simple FPS
Which pathfinding algorithm should I use for multiple enemies and tower placement?
How to achieve realistic fake physics?
How do I organize my class structure for networking?
What is the line between a serious game and an application with points?
What 3D engine supports real-time editable 3D terrain loaded in from a server?
How to separate colliding objects without creating more collisions
Why large builder classes rather than separate clases in component-based entity systems?
3D motorcycle models for web 3D tools
How do I manage textures in memory in OpenGL?
Minecraft-style player-gound collision detection
How do I design a game framework for fast reaction to user input?
How can I achieve smooth animation of sprites between discrete tiles?
What has changed in the lighting systems of Rage, Battlefield 3 to make them so realistic?
How can I build a graphical map for my MUD engine?
How can I implement voxel-based lighting with occlusion in a Minecraft-style game?
Rotate entity to match current velocity
How can I modify how my scene is drawn to make it look like it's taking place at different times of day?
What steps should I take to learn level design/programming?
What can I do to render generated 2D terrain in XNA?
Is there a free and open source 3D engine for Android?
Brick Breaker Game Structure
How to draw objects that have a smaller Y axis first?
Is there a 2D soft-body physics engine for Flash?
Does using Creative Common data in a GPL game mean the code must be CC-BY-SA?
Simplified math formula to calculate stock price based on supply/demand
Actionscript 3.0 - Enemies do not move right in my platformer game
GLSL Core Functionality Geometry Shader examples
What is involved with writing a lobby server?
What use for a 3d browser based multiplayer online game?
What name (if any) applies to this particular 3D rendering technique?
What is a CPU-efficient cloth simulation technique for a 2D game?
Resources about movement and simulation in multiplayer games
How should I handle different aspect ratios in a fullscreen game?
How do I make magenta in my PNG transparent in HTML5/Canvas/JS?
How should I model exact 90-degree rotations in 3D?
Which free HTML5-based game engine meets these requirements?
How does one get adjacency information in a geometry shader?
What structure is best used to model maps for games like Bard's Tale / Dungeon Hack?
Can DrawIndexedPrimitives() be used for drawing a loaded model mesh-wise?
Why won't this ClanLib "Hello World" project build in Eclipse CDT?
What are the limitations of retro consoles?
What C++ features should I know about for a graphics programming job interview?
How can I model the physics of an air blower?
Am I on the right track with this component architecture?
How can I rotate about an arbitrary point in 3D (instead of the origin)?
When should I talk to a lawyer about intellectual property for an indie team?
Ground for 2D AndEngine game with physics
How do I create this underwater effect with Cocos2D?
How to efficiently store and display a tile map on the web?
What are the time-efficiency characteristics of these voxel data structures?
How to create a collidable map with tiled for cocos2d (Android)?
Efficient Sprite Batching
Box2D/Farseer Collision Detection
How can I draw dashed or dotted lines with a pixel shader?
What is the most common art creation process?
Different ways to store a 2D map/landscape in XNA
What are some good game programming short courses?
In a browser, is it best to use one huge spritesheet or many (10000) different PNG's?
How often to update a Game Client about the World?
How often to save player's state in persistent online games?
Game server position tracking
How can I create NPCs and scenes?
Collision detection between a sprite and rectangle in canvas
Why is my Unity camera chasing player script running slow?
Can Bullet Physics (or another 3d physics engine) use callbacks in my engine to check static geometry?
HTML Javascript Hidden Object or Photo Hunt Game
How do I save and load settings on the Xbox?
What does an engine like Frostbite look like in the early early stages?
Microphone sound into game propagation
How to draw a line of a given length towards a given object?
Cross-platform, free (for commercial use) C/C++ 2d game library or rendering engine?
Rotating a group of sprites - How to calculate origin
Optimizing gravity calculations
What tools are available for game script writing?
What is the most secure way to archive a GKScore to be re-submitted later?
Can I make a Flash version of an actual game?
How to handle keyboard in worker thread in XNA
How to evaluate a user against optimal performance?
Which console systems can indie developers officially develop for?
How do I implement a quaternion based camera?
Selectively applying overlay shadows in a 2D tile based game
Options for UDK and version control repositories?
OpenGL, Offset and Camera Space
Changing game object type: reinstantiating the object, or switching an object state
Pseudo-code examples of A*?
What are the pros and cons of these voxel data file formats?
How do I get the height of an XNA SpriteFont?
Keeping per-client data, when using singleton-based states
How can I reference multiple XNA content projects from my game project?
android game development dilemma
Is it okay to use STL in my iPhone C++ 2d game?
Unity 3d auto-move player forward script
OpenGL/GLSL: Render to cube map?
How can I draw a line rotated some number of degrees away from an original line?
What do I need to do to my slope collision detection to prevent the player from passing through my collision?
How should I actually enforce the effects of components? 
What special requirements are there for making game art that supports High Definition?
Is there a universal method to send key or mouse input to any application from C#?
How can I make message passing between threads in a multithreaded engine less cumbersome?
How can I select and scale an edge loop within Blender?
Nifty popup fails to register
How does one avoid hundreds of copies into a vertex buffer each frame?
How to get several frequency ranges at the same time in fmod?
3d Collision detection help xna?
Is it possible to develop multiplayer games with HTML5?
Is there a 3D animation tool that meets these requirements?
How should I implement a first-person camera?
Why does changing the diffuse color of my model's effect change it for all models?
What is the game development market shifting towards?
What graphics library should I use for line rendering for a raycasting renderer?
How can I initialize 15-20 sprites with the same starting position?
How can I cull non-visible isometric tiles?
Beyond "Novice" Game Projects
How move sprite in Java 2d (swing) with keyboard?
XNA doesn't compile my XML to an XNB, because of namespaces?
Better to use fixed sprite size or variable sprite sizes in a sprite sheet?
What do I need to know for writing code for both OpenGL and OpenGL ES 2.0
Set sprite to face direction of mouse
What elements make a game machinima-friendly?
UVW: better explanation, and how to implement with GLES texture2D()
How do I find a point given an angle and distance to it?
What is the best way to store meshes or 3d models in a class
Free sounds for game like geometry wars
Is character movement with an animated sprite controlled by the animation itself or moved manually?
What is the best way to draw a big 3D model
How is this glowing with colors radiating outward 2D effect accomplished?
How can I process continuously-held keys with SDL?
How can I randomly generate a unit instance based on a probability?
Is there a way to use an arbitrary number of lights in a fragment shader?
ID3D10Device::RSSetState to be called every frame?
Calculating bullet travel knowing coordinates and radian
How do I repeat a texture with GLKit?
How well does Unity 3d work for both Android and iPhone?
Flash Actionscript 3.0 Game Projectile Creation
How should I do 3D games through Java on a mac?
How do you map a 3D scene to a stero image pair?
Why am I seeing streak artifacts on the cube map I'm rendering?
how large should a map be in blender
physics model simulation
Hero/Character sprite size in comparison to tile size?
Basic A star implementation tutorial
Check if an object is facing another based on angles
Can you embed a Unity3d mobile project into an existing native mobile app?
Make an object slide around an obstacle
Deterministic replay in a modern game
What is UVIndex and how do I use it on OpenGL?
rendering a reflection on a texture
Calculating the rotational force of a 2D sprite
How do I declare the variable "i" and "remove" in actionscript3?
how can I specify interleaved vertex attributes and vertex indices
Best solution for multiplayer realtime Android game
First Steps. Windows Phone game development
How should we approach publishing our game from India?
How to implement an intelligent enemy in a shoot-em-up?
In MMO game, how to handle user characters, who are offline?
What is a good way to store tilemap data?
Renderbuffer to GLSL shader?
Better data structure for a game like Bubble Witch
Options for 2D Web/iPhone/Android, with Test Framework
How do fluid dynamics work?
Should I implement anti-aliasing by rendering large and scaling down?
Dynamically creating astar node map by triangular polygonal map
3DS Max 2012 OBJ file import missing polygons
What are the GPU requirements for XNA 4.0?
In a 2D tile-based game, how should NPCs and tiles reference each other?
Fastest way to group units that can see each other?
Drawing a textured triangle with CPU instead of GPU
Circular Bullet Spread Is Not Even
Learning to optimize with Assembly
Secure login for a game that is open source
Is it legal to develop a game using D&D rules?
How to design a separated tutorial mode?
Is it possible to make an MMO game with Flash and ActionScript?
Browser Game Database structure
Is it possible to load shader files from a DLL?
Changing background images frequently within a specific time range with Cocos2D
Is SharpDX mature enough to adopt yet or should I just start using SlimDX right now?
How to Effectively Create Bullet Patterns
Should I scrap my own leader board and go for the Facebook built in one?
XNA CustomModelAnimationSample problem
Implementing a Custom Mouse Cursor in XNA
What are some of the more commonly used projectile rendering techniques?
Transition Player Position
What does SetTextureStage(0, D3DTSS_COLORARG2, 0) in DirectX mean?
In XNA 3.1, is it possible to disable texture filtering?
How to make it so units don't stack up in one location?
Is using a half-edge mesh structure feasible?
Audio Thread as daemon thread
Determine corners of a specific plane in the frustum
Struggling to get set up with JOGL2.0
How do I get AI Agents to move along a curve?
Spin/Rotational Blur
Can you recommend a game server for a facebook board game?
Why are my scene's depth values not being written to my DepthStencilView?
Best platform for android and ios game?
using blender to generate a 3D skybox
How can I downsample a texture using FBOs?
If I were to start an Android or iPhone app or game, what program should I use?
Finding direction of travel in a world with wrapped edges
Is it possible to do freelancing with 3dsmax?
How to implement "bullet time" in a multiplayer game?
Game Components, Game Managers and Object Properties
Tool for creating complex paths?
What makes in-game tutorials effective?
Marshalling C# Structs into DX11 cbuffers
Where can I find indie "teams"
HTML5 mobile game development vs. native game apps
How do i make a minecraft server mod?
Flash/Flex/Air and iOS
Where can I read about techniques used in NES-era games?
What does tex1D do with a 2d texture?
How to access the nth element in a 2d texture from a pixel shader in XNA
What is realism?
Does XNA support 1 dimensional textures
Is there any guarantee about the graphical output of different GPUs in DirectX?
How does a BSP tree work for Z sorting?
Simulating water droplets on a window
How are games created for different platforms?
What can be the cause of sudden lag spikes in my Android game?
What exactly is the difference between separation and obstacle avoidance
How do I simulate the mouse and keyboard using C# or C++?
RK4 Bouncing a Ball
How can I write only to the stencil buffer in OpenGL ES 2.0?
How to set TextureFilter to Point to make example Bloom filter work?
Where can I find a collection of images or frames?
Open GL ES 2.0 Android Texture,Shader, etc... loading
Planar shadow matrix and plane b value
Where to start when building a 3D terrain editor?
(Abstract) Game engine design
How to resolve concurrent ramp collisions in 2d platformer?
3d Maya object mesh problems when used in Unity
The Correct Usage of DLLs with a DirectX Game?
Best way to create neon glow line effect in AS3?
Dealing with disconnected users
fmod getWaveData() export to WAVE file help (C++)
Path tables or real time searching for AI?
Converting from different handedness coordinate systems
How are game console reverse engineered so emulators are created?
What is the relationship between ID3D10Buffer and ID3DX10Mesh?
How can I set up a loading screen in Panda3D?
Where can I get a list or data base of light reflectance values for different materials?
Dynamic model interactions
XNA Windows Phone 7 Sprite movement
What's a good way to store a series of interconnected pipe and tank objects?
Is there an application that converts a PC into a video game kiosk/arcade machine?
Is it possible to use SFML with the Android NDK?
Moving two objects proportionally
Setting the values of a struct array from JS to GLSL
The true cost to get my XNA game on XBox?
HTML5 or Javascript game engine to develop a browser game
Why is my model's scale changing after rotating it?
User generated content: a basic yet simple to use OR a complex yet powerful solution?
XNA - Drawing 2D Primitives (Boxes) and Understanding Matrices in Computer Graphics
Deforming surfaces
Ray picking - get direction from pitch and yaw
Unity3D or UDK or OPENGL from scratch?
Coarse Collision Detection in highly dynamic environment
Good baseline size for an A* Search grid?
MiniMax function throws null pointer exception
what is the best way to add avoidance behaviour to an AI framework?
XNA 4 Deferred Rendering deforms the model
Performing simple network call to retreive JSON in Unity?
How do you stop OgreBullet Capsule from falling over?
How to import or "using" a custom class in Unity script?
Best way to implement mouse-based movement in MMOG
Movement and Collision with AABB
Why do people like `realistic' physics and graphics in games?
Which should be faster: 10 flat shaded polygons or 2 with a transparent texture
Smooth animation in Cocos2d for iOS
How to scroll hex tiles?
What is causing these visual artifacts on my OpenGL sprites?
Are there any preexisting maps for a Minecraft-like level I could use in my engine?
XNA advanced rotation 3D
What game systems exist which uses camera input?
NullReferenceException when accessing variables in a 2D array in Unity
2D Topdown Shooter - Player Movement Relative to Mouse
How can I disable/dim the screen when I click the pause button?
Unity: Assigning a key to perform an action in the inspector
Toon shader with Texture. Can this be optimized?
OpenXDK Questions
How many achievements should I include, and of what challenge?
Collisions not working as intended
How to achieve after-image pixel shader effect
WiX installer for XNA 4.0 game?
How to calculate a 3x3 rotation matrix from 2 direction vectors?
AS3 Replay all the child timelines?
Finding which tiles are intersected by a line, without looping through all of them or skipping any
What are some great papers/publications relating to game programming?
Suggestions to start a cross-platform project
Should collision sounds and UI responses be deferred or processed immediately?
Rotate 3D Model from a custom position
Where can I find free game assets?
Refactoring an immediate drawing function into VBO, access violation error
What is some game development literature purely in javascript?
Collision Detection on floor tiles Isometric game
Pathfinding in multi goal, multi agent environment
3d Model Scaling With Camera
Advice for programming a lobby for a network multiplayer game?
How to create multiple balloon bodies in Box2D?
Where can I find a good tutorial to replicate Game Maker's surfaces and blend modes in XNA?
UDK : UTWeap_RocketLauncher gift CreateInventory: Any idea why this does not work properly?
How can I make a car follow the terrain in a 2D (side-view) game?
How to make and render a simple game just with 3d max?
XNA: draw a sprite in 3d, is that possible?
Getting the number of fragments which passed the depth test
Organising levels / rooms in a MUD-style text based world
Objective-c Cocos2d moving a sprite
How do I build a matrix to translate one set of points to another?
Which toolkit to use for 3D MMO game development?
Trying to simulate a cannon ball
Merging adjacent cubes into large ones
SFML - Moving a sprite on mouseclick
XNA C# How to draw fonts in different color
Game Physics With RK4 Implementation For A 2D Platformer
Almost working 2D Collisions
Smooth Camera Rotation around 90 degrees
What is a good way to test demand for a new game platform?
How can player actions be "judged morally" in a measurable way?
How to attach turrets to tiles in a tile based game
Collision with half of a semi-circle
Calculating missile trajectory around orbits before shooting
Problems in exporting terrain from autodesk 3ds
Static "LoD" hack opinions
I made a game in XNA - how can I share it with my friends?
Can I use one set of images to represent multiple sprites in Java?
library or stock code for mouse and key navigating around a terrain
vector rotations for branches of a 3d tree
Model won't render in my XNA game
How does this snippet of code create a ray direction vector?
Checking validation of entries in a Sudoku game written in Java
Using heavyweight ORM implementation for light based games
Customiazable graphical weapon models
Best frameworks/libraries/engines for 2D multiplayer C# web based RPG
Translating an object along its heading
Why are big files better than small files for consoles?
Rotate player to face direction it's moving in 3D space
Continuous Physics Engine's Collision Detection Techniques
Axis-Aligned Bounding Boxes vs Bounding Ellipse
Collision filtering techniques
Why would some PNG files extracted from games display incorrectly?
Simplest way to generate a random path
Inaccurate 3D model collision using XNA
matrix 4x4 position data
Frame Buffer Objects vs calling TexCoord2f?
What is the primary use of Vertex Buffer Objects?
Xna GS 4 Animation Sample bone transforms not copying correctly
Creating my own kill cam
AS3: limit objects to stage width?
AS3: StageWidth for BOX2D?
How can I resize pixel art in Pyglet without making it blurry?
Display crosshair that is diplaying where the ship is aiming at
View Frustum Alternative
Deserialize inherited classes into the same list in XNA
How do I set the mouse to control views like zoom in and out?
Cross-platform builds with OGRE3D via CMake. Any tips?
Eliminate delay between looping XNA songs?
Could I be going crazy with Event Handlers? Am I going the "wrong way" with my design?
3D models overlapping each other
Physics in carrom like game using cocos2d + Box2D
Persistent game where you program your own bot(s)
Handling player/background movements in 2D games
How do walls affect lighting?
Setting up CCMenu for Cocos2d
Best way to solve tile drawing in 2D side scroller?
Why is a fully transparent pixel still rendered?
Why can I not map a dynamic texture in D3D?
How does Unity's multiplayer support stack up compared to other engines?
Scaling and new coordinates based off screen resolution
How to achieve hologram projection effect with head tracking
Need help for weapon models for Unity
How can I change this isometric engine to make it so that you could distinguish between blocks that are on different planes? 
How do I get light to go through a window texture in Unity?
How can I factor momentum into my space sim?
How can we view 3d objects from top down view in TD game
Are there any good 2D fighting game engines that can be used to make a commercial product?
How can I place a ProgressBar in Android using Cocos 2d?
State Changes in a Component Based Architecture
Recommended method for XML level loading in XNA
What features does D3D have that OpenGL does not (and vice versa)?
How do I adjust the origin of rotation for a group of sprites?
Need some help implementing VBO's with Frustum Culling
A* navigational mesh path finding
How to create projection/view matrix for hole in the monitor effect
RPG Maker (Issue) RGSS_RTP STANDARD
How can I change this isometric engine to make it so that you could distinguish between blocks that are on different planes?
How should a team share/store game content during development?
Steady zoom on center in LWJGL (Modelview)
2d, Top-down map with different levels
Trying to create a sphere in UDK on which I can stand
How can I respond to mouse events in AS3?
Game Programming in java
How can I create an orthographic display that handles different screen dimensions?
How can a single script attached to multiple enemies provide separate behavior for each enemy?
Game logic on the server! Good or bad?
SDL 1.2 reports wrong screen size
How to animate a flip of a card in Cocos2d?
Some help understanding and modifying a 2D shader
How can I use the dualforward parameter in my unity shader to use lightmaps and normal maps together?
Make a basic running sprite effect
3D Location Handling
Jumping Vs. Gravity
Does VK_SNAPSHOT not send a WM_KEYDOWN; only WM_KEYUP?
Fire simulation using java and opengl
How can I improve this architecture?
A more sophisticated ball-paddle collision algorithm for Breakout?
Moving a big set of box2d bodies in an iOS endless side-scroller game (such as Canabalt)
What languages are required for an mmo browser game?
SpriteSheet Animation with XNA
What has stopped MMORTS games from being successful?
Andengine Traffic game: moving sprites along path on map
AS3 > Mouse Event not happening?
What rendering techniques would I use to draw a drop shadow effect for cards in a card game?
What is the preferred starting address for a C64 game?
Are objects made out of lines still classified as meshes?
Fire range arc behind buildings
What's the best presentation/terminology for "quit" functionality?
Working together on a game as a project over the internet
When pausing an XNA Xbox game and showing a "pause menu", which controller buttons should I use?
Checking Collisions In 2D Platformer With Tiles
Licence to use RPG systems like Pathfinder
Accessibility of games, how is important for you?
Ball collisions 'sticking' together
Ways to define a curve
Any ideas on reducing lag in terrain generation?
What is instancing, and how can I update my graphics code to do it?
Cocos2d rotating sprite while moving with CCBezierBy
Using the DTLS protocol for multiplayer games
Use my computer as a controller/keyboard for the PS3
Computer generated 2d graphics for games - how to get started
Tic Tac Toe, Reinforced Learning and Hash Tables - Don't understand how to create a game
Player Visibility Problem
How to install java 3d in ubuntu
A pattern for a contextual InputState in a Game State Management architecture
Implementing jumping and heightmaps in 2D RPG/Adventure style games?
A simple map, four biomes, and how to distribute them
DirectX 2D Sprite Texture
Heightmap Physics Optimization/Improvement
Which code module should map physical keys to abstract keys?
Isometric Building Placement
Algorithm for Randomized Weather
Building an XNA Game Engine: How to load sprites outside of LoadContent()?
Changing the color of some fragment of a texture using shaders
Best resources for Canvas Html 5 development
How can I create a curved line composed of images?
Is it possible to render to multiple devices / monitors in XNA?
3D open source physics engine suitable for mobile platforms (Android and iOS)
2d engine/library for android in C#
PHP battle script
Error when trying to use VBO "array vertex_buffer_object must be disabled to call this method"
How can I generate Worms-style terrain?
Can XNA's content pipeline be used to load C# source files?
Does the latest DirectX SDK support both Direct3D 9.0c and 11?
Which of these two approaches to particle generator design is preferable?
Which of these two particle generator lifetime management techniques is better?
Fitting 3D points representing bones to a BVH animation file
Quad Tree with a lot of Moving Objects
3d platformer with 2d point of view
What is the Stencyl and StencylWorks business model?
How to convert from OpenGL to OpenGL ES?
How do I efficiently code both the client and server at the same time?
Where can i find tutoral for Designing building in 3dsmax
How do I create a wide-angle / fisheye lens with HLSL?
Why do console versions of multiplayer games support fewer players than PC versions?
Z-order for cocos2d top-down game with sprite batching
Where can I find free motion capture footage?
Score Based on Game play Time and a Int
On Creating a D3DX10 texture atlas
Making smooth walk/jump/fly etc animations
Gluing Model and View Data Together But Separating Concerns
Is glEnable obsolete/unneeded in OpenGL ES 2?
Dual Stick Shooter in XNA (trig)
Does there exist a library of animations for easing, skewing, bouncing, and squishing?
Unity GUITexture or GUIText not showing up
Recreating assets after onResume()
Where can you buy/license game art for small projects?
How can I orient a projectile along its flight path?
What are the steps to get sound from reality into a game?  
What quality should my sounds be?
Do 2D games have a future?
XNA model texture from file
How to Store the game score in android cocos2d
How do I prevent identity spoofing in a multiplayer game?
Selective jogl texture transparancy depending on bitwise magic?
How should I implement side-scrolling level design?
How can I transform a point from world space to object space?
Bounding box of a rotated rectangle (2d)
How do engines like Unreal relate to OpenGL or DirectX?
Rendering (rasterization / ray tracing / others)
Making abilities (Programming FFG's boardgame Descent)
Can Xcode be used to create very simple games?
Designing a unit combat system (java)
How does networking in XNA work?
How can I implement hexagonal tilemap picking in XNA?
how to script a match 3 game without waiting for matches to finish
Is it possible to create a Facebook game that is a Windows executable?
How can I scroll sprites when swiping using Cocos2D?
How can I create a simple, sprite-based Mac game in Xcode?
How can I orbit a camera about it's target point?
Why does my sprite jitter when it arrives at its destination?
Is there a testing framework for bounding volume classes?
How should one design an analytics system for an online multiplayer game?
Loading sound in XNA without the Content Pipeline
How important it is for a game to work on a browser in means of popularity?
What client front-end options can I use to make a Facebook game?
How can I make orange/lemon skin normal map?
Learning C++, algorithms and vectorial algebra
How to create a XNA texture from a GDI Image with source rectangle?
How do I change my gravity and jumping logic to put the character at a specific height at a specific point in time?
Math behind simulating a simple light source for rotated rectangle?
HLSL: how to get/set effectvariable to an array of structs with Direct3D10
Wanting to make a quick java game
How to move a 2d sprite to a target location while avoiding obstacles?
Non axis aligned bounding box collision and physics
How do I implement real-time mesh deformation, with regards to environmental damage?
What is the standard procedure for importing animations in Unity?
most efficient Bounding Sphere vs Ray collision algorithms
2D physics engine for WP7?
Cocos2d Composition using CCSpriteBatchNode
Determine the cut sections of a polygonal mesh
Cloud gaming Services
How to determine what animation to render in a component-based system without breaking encapsulation?
Ocean waves / ripples
What are different methods for managing data that is stored in the main loop and must be used by other systems?
Programming a game onto multiple platforms
How to deal with arbitrarily large images in 2D games?
Orientation while rotating around a point
Game Programming Junior Demo Design
Creating slot reels
How to learn game graphic design for non artist?
Rendering shadow sprites in cocos2d-x
what is the simplest 3d software for unity?
How does Halo draw projectiles?
How can I generate my puzzle game's result tables?
Optional samplers in shaders
Rendering characters, with cut off limbs (Blender models in Java/OpenGL)
Problem displaying model
Simple noise generation
Handling random with unique chance in Python
Canvas Rotation collision detection on a sprite
How do I extract a translation vector from a dual quaternion?
are there any alternatives to developing android apps other than with eclipse
Is there evidence that downloading assets on first use rather than bundled with a game download makes a mobile game more popular?
What do the components of gl_TexCoord[0] mean?
Simple speed deceleration with variable time step?
Creating a rotation offset based on camera position with XNA
Organizing an entity system with external component managers?
What kind of environment is expected in elevated, hot areas?
What happens when I implement IUpdateable or IDrawable in XNA?
Graphics Pipeline, how exactly it works and how graphics card interprets it?
How do you do AI path following within a 2d physics engine like farseer/box2d?
Exporting Blender bones
How to create adjustable formula for RPG level up requirements?
2D XNA Tile Based Lighting. Ideas and Methods
Objective-C or C++ of game engine header file for iOS developers?
Should I write my own physics engine, because of networking integration?
How to compute tile offset for different isometric angles?
Box2D physics editor for complex bodies
Chessboard colors with VBO
How do you calculate if 2 lines are facing toward or away?
How do you calculate the nearest point on 2 curves?
Can you recommend a good beginners book or project for a young person?
How to go orthographic instead of perspective view in XNA with CreateOrthographicOffCenter?
How do I keep a triangle strip between geometry shader invocations?
3D collision detection on non flat surface
ELO algorithm for handling people who don't play often
How is animation handled in non-immediate OpenGL?
Can't change the textures of a .FBX or an .X exported from 3dsmax
Silverlight player centered viewport example
How can I specify which enemies to spawn for each round in a tower defense?
How to rotate a moving canvas in Android
How should I proceed next with my programming skills?
How to handle similar actions in derived actors (inheritance)
Find sub-graphs in a graph
Implementing the Game State Management example into my game
How do you find the "best" color palette for a game?
Why do computer games differ so much in size?
How to make the paddle stop at the screen edge in my Pong clone?
What advantages are there to the one-port-per-client approach for a multiplayer server?
Algorithm to generate small tree-like branches?
android game using bullet and libgdx
How to network this entity system?
Character bouncing off ground due to gravity
Which tool can convert a Torque .dts file?
cocos3d versus Unity for simple IOS 3D games?
How can I create my mesh so that textures applied to it are NOT rotated 90 degrees in Unity 3D?
Can a 4x4 matrix describe a camera's perspective?
Is there a way to balance a binary tree continuously?
Does the linear attenuation component in lighting models have a physical counterpart?
Calculating normal vector on a 2d pixelated map
2D Planet Gravity
How can I organize code for views efficiently?
Calling C++ functions in Lua
Java Tile Collision Detection not accurate enough
Java 2D Tile Map and Moving Sprites with threads
Why is the pixel so popular as the metric unit of a game?
Why do PC versions of games have different memory-related cheats than console versions?
How tightly should I stick to entities in a component based game?
What is an efficient 2D line-segment-versus-triangle intersection test?
XNA objects not occluding properly
Javascript/html5 2d Canvas Context - Getting X, Y relative to canvas (opposed to transformed object)
How should I develop my Android game efficiently?
Finding the angle of a line given 2 other lines
XNA: How to make particles face the camera but not alter the pitch
How do I connect circuit to PC so that I can use it to play a game?
What kind of project management should a solo developer project use?
What to look for when searching an artist for doing graphics?
How to debug pyglet/opengl bus errors
How to attach two XNA models together?
Entity manager loop opinions
how to draw a dashed curved line to a point in as3?
In a browser based MMO RTS... Art?
How to create a 2D region where sprites are automatically wrapped?
How to detect collisions in AS3?
smooth animation following a random path in real time
What frameworks are the best for automated game testing (self running) for Android games?
Help me to fine tune my diamond-square algorithm
Does a pong clone called "Ping" infringe on any copyrights or trademarks?
XNA - Incorrect Mouse Ray?
How do I install SDL.NET in Visual Studio 2010? (Or any other .NET library)
Generate islands/continents with simplex noise
What is a fair latency, to cut off game connection at?
Project development in a long distance Indie Dev environment
LPD3DX10FONT::DrawTextA/W messes up the depth buffer!
Collision detection in a 3D heightmap-based world
UDK client, C++ server (is it possible?)
gluLookAt on OpenGLES2
How can teams collaborate on Unity 3D projects?
Good game engine to fork?
Why do my sprites have a dark shadow/line/frame surrounding the texture?
How to create a map by coding in OpenGL
Is precomputed pathfinding still relevant?
MMORPG game balancing
How to make a market test for the game?
Particles in XNA - can't get em to work
Android Game, Blurring effect while moving camera
Player icon auto generator
How exactly does XNA's SpriteBatch work?
Is using XNA title storage for level/config files a Bad Idea?
Pricing an application
How should I handle functions, where two classes have equal use?
Generating spherical world from heightmapped terrain
Tiled/TMX C++ Library/Parser
How to place objects/entities randomly in JS?
What game engines can publish to Android and iOS?
How can I implement lighting in a voxel engine?
How can I bend an object in OpenGL?
.PNG tiles to .PNG map
What are the limits for UDK's landscape size?
How to make Moving road/track for android game?
Why is my quaternion camera rotating  around strange axes?
Best next step for game AI implementation
Platformer collision detection problems
What is the best way to store temporary selected characters and their insertion order?
Display differences between iPad 1 and iPad 2
Get information about my SW:TOR character
How can I convert an OBJ model into arrays of vertices and indices?
Tile pair matching algorithm
How do you change a Body's origin in Farseer?
How can I generate floating land masses for a Minecraft-like engine?
How does double dispatch help collision detection?
How can I include vertex color information in .OBJ files?
How can I implement a "fast-forward" feature in my game?
How can I throttle certain player actions?
Design of a camera system
Kinect: interaction pattern
What is the best way to funnel input to the correct entities?
Is the Humble Bundle reasonable?
Is working in game dev company before going indie the right recipe?
How to create a very specific kind of joint in Farseer?
Why use random numbers when it comes to rewards and stats?
How do I correctly use dual quaternions for rotation and translation of an object?
Extracting blend values from uint32 not working as expected
Touching on the particular sprite from the spritesheet
Detecting image curve to move a truck on this surface
Shader issues when creating projection using CreateOrthographicOffCenter instead of CreateOrthographic
What is the point of this hard-coded vector when calculating luminance in glow/bloom effects?
Rotation based on movement
Making a multi-pieced rectangular breakable body with Farseer
How should I add level-specific gameplay code to a level?
2D platformer corner collision
How do you save and load settings for an iOS game?
How can I use an object pool for optimization in AndEngine?
Sloped tiles in Platformer
Allegro Game Won't Fire 2D Projectile
How to use OpenGL's glUseProgram?
Go pure OpenGL or GLSL?
Style: When to call GL Enable/Disable
iphone 3d library with physics
How common is automated testing in game development?
I want to split the texture width
Pre Computing shadows, advantages/disadvantages?
Rotate a bitmap and bitmap is getting blur in android
Can packet latency fluctuate?
How can I calculate where my camera can be to avoid showing something outside a region?
How does a wow server handle which player position to set to each nearest players?
Functional reactive programming (FRP) in games. Some doubts and thoughts
Software/Hardware options for game music
Create a website that lists all the game servers from a country
How to create a mathematical mechanism in order for a game to be balanced?
How to implement a symmetric 3d field of view algorithm for a roguelike
XNA and C# Draw method question
What is road map for Windows 3D game development in C#
What sorts of stats do games companies track when people play their games ?
Storing large layered tilemap
Are there established conventions for naming "directions" (width,height) in 3D?
How to save game progress (savefile)
How do you triangulate a 3D point from a pair of stereo images?
How do you calculate if a line is facing a curve?
Which things to do in AutoCAD and which in 3ds Max?
loading images to the backbuffer / direct3d / c++
How are character creators/customizers done in other games?(Reference images inside)
Is there a library that handles hexagon tiled 2D maps?
Concerning The Minecraft Skybox
cocos2d looks like it is well supported and widely used, are there other good choices?
Creating a basic character skeleton from code
Design criteria question kids games
Binary operation for fast 3D game engine
How can I move keyframes further apart in ToonBoom?
Why does UDK require .NET 4.0?
Quarter turn sprite sheets?
How should I check if a player has completed an achievement?
What is the best framework to develop games for Android?
Player moving up, is he jumping or climbing?
How can I achieve glow effects similar to those in  WoW?
Is it normal to these Xcode prompts/errors when you deploy to IOS Simulator from Unity?
How to implement "Flick" gesture for throwing an object in the 2D realm
Complex Game AI for Turn-based Strategy Games
naming conventions in game code / vocabulary
How to synchronize two components?
Creating a model procedurally through coding?
Alpha blending not rendering properly XNA 4.0
Gamedev related magazines
Heightfield terrain in ASCII games?
can't get File Open screen to appear in Blender? (screenshot attached)
How do you save game state?
I need help with 2D collision response (of stacking rotating polygons, with friction and gravity, for a game)
Picking objects with mouse ray
How do I create good looking plasma explosion effects?
How does this animation work?
Do you need resource manager for HTML5 games?
Should each UI screen contain the list of screens on the stack or should I use a manager class?
If I know a given action will result in a collision, should I allow the action to occur anyway?
What engine could I use for a simulation?
Moving along a flat plane with accordance to camera view
Some assistance with selective 2D Bloom in XNA
How to implement cue-stick animation for a pool game?
How could I implement something like Minecraft's crafting grid?
Fitting a cap for a hollow object in blender
How do I start writing an MMO game server?
Public format for 2D animations
Multiplayer API with Unity 3.5 and AS3
temperamental ID3D10EffectVectorVariable
Documentation on 2D space partitioning
Most common way to obtain textures for 3D models?
How are 3D images drawn?
How can I connect 2D skeletal animation to the physics engine?
Attack Vs Defense in text based games
OpenGL gradient banding on Samsung Galaxy S2 Android phone
UX guidance for mobile games
Maya 2012: Is it possible to convert a single polygon to solid object?
Delay The Polling Events Of Xbox360 Gamepad With XInput
Depth Buffer not working in XNA?
How to create solid human characters in MAYA, so that their hands do not cut into bodies while signaling hand sign?
Best Game Engine/Framework and Language for 2D actor/sprite intensive game
How to debug a 2D arcade game easily?
Efficient Tile-based collision detection for a lot of squares?
Cocos2d CCSpriteFrameCache: couldn't load texture file
Early stages of games development - create 2d animation images for iOS games?
How would I go about using FXAA in XNA?
Clarification on RenderTargetUsage in XNA 4.0
How can I export a model using the CAT bone system into XNA?
Is there a technique to creating a "black hole" background in XNA?
How can I export models from 3DX Max into XNA?
How to get mouse position relative to the map?
Getting the Bounds of a 2D Cameras View with Zoom
GluUnproject works, but only when the camera is not rotated
Best platform for puzzle game development on the iPad
What are the responsibilities of a game engine, and which of these things need to especially be efficient?
When connecting a physics engine to another engine, should you do all your logic in the units used by the physics side or the rendering side
XNA UV Mapping flipping the Texture every second time
Make object follow mouse angle?
Why does the D3DXCOLOR structure not work as I expect?
What should be taken into consideration when choosing a math library for games?
How do I respond to keyboard events which occur between polling?
In game level editor using AIR or stand alone app using Java or C#
Is there a good guide on terrain topography creating?
Box2D/Farseer - Moving fixtures on a Static Body
Why is my character not moving when applying an acceleration to it?
Where can I host the compiled version of my game for free?
Why does OpenGL >= 3 only allow VBOs?
Fixing Slow XNA Game
Copying section of map array
Sampling from Normal Map and Diffuse Map in Pixel Shader
How to continuously find all entities within a radius efficiently?
Pokemon Battle System A.I
Effective SpriteBatching in XNA?
Is there a known most efficient version of A* search algorithm?
How can I achieve a zoom-like camera effect?
Real-Time Terrain Deformation
Android - Using opengles through java vs c++
How do you do very simple texturing in OpenGL 3+?
Analytics in an Offline Game
How can I stop looking for keyboard input for a length of time?
How do I determine if a tile is a slope based on the tile image?
Advantages and disadvantages of libgdx
Cocos2 code structure question
How to draw only visible models of the game?
How do I make light objects in XNA?
Cross platform C++ UDP socket library
How to make a Realtime 3D Eulerian Fluid Simulation like "From Dust" in C#/Unity3D?
Where does touch control logic go?
MMO Collision detection
Networking server/client library to setup p2p connection
Determining the X, Y co-ordinates in sprite sheets
OpenGL Core 3.2 framebuffer rendering black on Mac OSX
Opengl-es picking object
Designing first game, deciding which language to use
How to efficiently handle registration/anchor points for graphics?
Combine 3D objects in XNA 4
I want to make a moddable game. How does this affect my programming language choice?
Are my lines instanced?
How do i make player input object spawning data driven?
What are some valuable conferences for game developers?
2D platformer multiple rectangle collision cause jitter
How do games using physic engines for 2d games handle platform corners?
2D games on Unity and collision detection performance
Is game software design the same as non-game software design?
How can I unit test rendering output?
Bukkit shoot tnt & help with vectors
image editor to create texture atlas
3D picking lwjgl
How do you incorporate cocos2d with regular iPhone UI widgets?
Dot Product Vs Cross Product Turning a Turret Towards A Enemy and firing
What is a right datatype in C++ for OpenGL scene representation with use of GLSL
How can I use orientation to compute position in Windows Phone 7?
What are these rendering artifacts and how can I fix them?
What is the logic behind the 'Loading' scenes in games?
Looking for an Open Source Game Engine with Crowd Simulation
UDK requirements
How to make a world-to-player inventory system?
Bukkit shoot tnt where player is looking
How to quickly calculate the sight area in a 2D tiled game?
Design of networked Asteroids
Positioning a 2D image after rotation
Is libgdx fit for 2D game development on Android or are there simpler alternatives?
Function for sun movement?
Simple WP7 pong game with real time multiplayer using sockets
How to fix odd artifacts at the edges of textures in DirectX 11?
Latency benchmarks for WebSocket games?
Securing a TCP connection on iOS for an MMO
Unity3D animation and world collisions?
How to use particle editor for libgdx?
I need an enemy spawning algorithm for a 2D tower defense
Ball bouncing and throwing, how to?
How can I test if a point lies between two parallel lines?
For making an online multiplayer browser-based game, what tech would be more efficient to use?
What are the pros and cons of Lua vs. Python as a scripting language for XNA/C# platform?
Is there an in memory data store that is feasible for real time, non-networked games?
Should I take this game design class?
What kind of hardware would be required to render an Earth sized minecraft like map?
Loading multi-texture 3ds c++
Rotating a planet around a ships axis
Effort of impementing interpolation in networked Asteroids
How Plants vs Zombies animation is done?
Cross platform development tool/platform for the modern indie game developer?
Keeping user's attention with tycoon style games
Is there a standard camera position / orientation?
Pre-render 3D object from multiple angles, save as PNG
How can I draw multiple vertexbuffers with indices?
Bullet physics with OpenGL
Why are there fewer glitches in current day games?
Tools for 2D skeletal animation
What sort of GDC pass (if any) is best for a cash-strapped indie?
Tools for editing 2D sprite-based game levels
Change collision body position in Bullet Physics Hello World project
Effects of collisons: broken glass, damaged cars, how are they created?
How to record gameplay on WP7?
How can I know how big my game "world" should be?
How can I implement a "boost pad" with Farseer/Box2D physics?
Should I write my own game engine, and if so what are the main features?
How would I get the positon of my avatar's head?
Need Feedback for PHP & MySQL Saving Game Progress
What exactly makes up a screen in a typical C64 game?
Is it possible to animate the texture of a model?
Why even use shaders?
Object rotating error in Bullet Physics with OpenGL
Vector images (SVG or other formats) support in libgdx or other Android framework?
Offsetting image position when scaling in XNA
How are photorealistic models' textures created?
Texture antialiasing?
How to animate a model in WebGL?
how to create a Quaternion from an Orientation Vector in xna
How to "swing" bounding box and update collision for sprite swinging a weapon?
XNA 4.0 - Mixing 3D and 2D - SpriteBatch putting weird alpha texture over whole scene
How to update off screen bitmap in a surfaceview thread
What are the requirements for a sound file in android?
What is the state of the art at shipping game graphics such as lots of small BMP files?
Learning C++ for game development
Which of these DirectX11 calls actually sends data to the GPU?
How to rotate a sprite on circle in android using Libgdx
Xna, writing XML </Asset> end element
Process for developing psd images into animation
Load XNA Content Type from File
What are C++ libraries?
Problem loading content in WinForms using XNA
How can I make a minefield with dr racket?
How should I manage level progression?
Confusion with the texture coordinate system in XNA
How to differentiate a tap from a drag
Why can't I write to my render targets?
How to calculate FOV with four-walled tiles?
Draws fine in full OpenGL; not drawing anything in Chrome NaCL
Transformed Pretransformed coordinates?
Are there any good engines for isometric collision detection and platforming?
How can I use Rectangle.Intersect() to resolve collisions in XNA?
How can I determine the card possibilities for a game of Scopa?
Should SIMD be used by people who are new to game development?
Bezier Curves for visual programming node connectors
How to detect if object is moving in clockwise- or counterclockwise direction?
Suggest a simple Java math library for matrix operations for use with OpenGL (lwjgl)
Trade shows and competitions in the UK
Good game design process for a do-it-all programmer
Suitable in memory storage library to store components for entity systems
Can I achieve a torchlight effect (lighter area around a light source) in a 2D game?
How can I evenly fan out a hand of cards?
What is a good "easily" moddable and scriptable 3D game?
How can I make a sprite move in the direction it's facing using radians?
Rotating platform glitch in a 2D platformer
Display Lists in OpenGL
Understanding log/exp formula for RPG experience
Non-GPU Noise for 2D side-view terrain generation?
Is there an algorithm to detect the "mainland" on a 2D map?
How should I handle shared classes between the Game project and the Content Extension Library?
2D helicopter game, how to create corridor walls?
Generating random Pools or lakes
What technologies are used to develop games for tablets and iPhones?
Can learning how to do empirical research help a game developer?
from normal to rotation matrix
Do Playfish and Zynga use COTS game engines?
How do I synchronise real-time moves of players on a grid?
What games benefit strongly from using motion controls?
screen coordinate not working with pixel values
Using multiple shaders
Rays starting in an octree node
D3DXVec3Project returns odd values
Away3D vs Papervision3D
vector.size() instead of literal type breaking my draw code
Existing master server software?
Content.Load() throws ContentLoadException when loading a texture in SL XNA
Optimizing HTML5 canvas transformed drawing in Javascript
A comparison of graphics libraries and their respective programming languages
Am I allowed to make my Minecraft clone open source?
A* pathfinding algorithm to identify entrances into current "room"?
Raymarching artifacts
Sprite Animation Toolkits for iPhone
Flash multi-player system: one player moves the other stops when using the mouse
Value of the Game Institute Courses
Issue with loading XML
Should I use Game Engines to learn to make 3D games?
How can I extend this graphics code to draw more vectors of vertices?
Weird block selector selection (to floor or not to floor)?
Implementing unlockable items on Android
How to achieve this style of view in XNA?
Difference between orthogonal map and isometric map
How to get translation from view matrix
How to import the .fbx scene with multiple objects in XNA so that the objects retain their scene position?
How to create a splash (loading) screen in cocos2d for Android?
What threading strategy does a game like Transport Tycoon use?
What is the future of XNA in Windows 8 or how will managed games be developed in Windows 8?
How should I handling clipping vertices that are closer to the eye than the near clip plane?
Cross-Sections of 3D Rendered Objects
Understanding Fixed time step
How would you design components for an entity like this?
Detect two specific objects collision with bullet physics
What backwards compatibility to specify for an app for iOS and Android?
How to resolve penetration of two colliding bodies
AS3 Internal preloader (one swf) for flash game with Embeded() images?
2D Collision: Check before or check after?
Sprite Animation Software That Works With Cocos2D
Export Maya Animation Data
Depth buffer and render target
How to disable Y-axis movement in the Bullet physics engine
Best way to do buttons for an OpenGL ES iPhone game
How can I define a complex collision area on top of a tile map?
What is the metrics of vectors in XNA?
Can Google Translate's audio files be used in a game?
Formula to calculate the changes in the fortunes of a stock based on how many shares are bought or sold
How can I embed music in my XNA .exe?
2D character controller in unity (trying to get old-school platformers back)
How can cooperation be encouraged in and after a game jam?
UDK game Prisoners/Guards
How to encapsulate game objects (entities) in Box2d
How important do you find exception safety to be in your C++ code?
NoSQL (CouchDB) database design for MMORPGs
Problem with SDL_Mixer/MikMod playing XM files properly
When animating sprites, why subtract frametime when switching between sprites instead of resetting elapsed time to zero?
How to unpack tileset or image atlas
Version control with game development - When should I branch?
Which is better for a beginner, UDK or Unity?
Multi texturing in XNA
What is a good way to determine if a vector is between two other vectors in 2D?
What's a pre-multiplied 4x4 matrix?
Behavior/Attribute GameComponent Architecture
Should I move the world or move the player?
Animation Blending Basics
How to save the 3D surface to bitmap in Flash 11 Stage3D
What can be done to recover from an exploit-related PR disaster?
What does `FPSManager.lastticks` stand for in SDL_gfx?
Simulating the effects of  wind
Loading and rendering one large image or many smaller ones
How should I go about learning XNA?
No response to touch from XNA page after navigated from Silverlight page
How do I make a pointer point to the current running level if each level is its own class?
Simple example of 3D world in OpenGl
How do I get the alpha level at a specific pixel with Slick 2D?
Can one use OpenGL ES from Google Go?
Which data structure to use to render a large isometric game world?
how get collision callback of two specific objects using bullet physics?
How does client-side prediction work?
Would it be a good idea to offload tasks like navigation to the GPU?
Is "pure" OpenGL productive enough?
Why does V8 not run with SDL threads?
How can I get the texture color data from GLEED2D's level file?
Determine the stride of a DirectX Texture2D line?
A few queries about my Map Data (& ideas of improvement, seconded opinion required)
How do I run a callback when all objects have stopped moving?
Problem creating levels using inherited classes/polymorphism
Why does my ball always bounce perpendicular to walls?
How can I create a 'SdkTrayManager' without 'OIS::Mouse'?
Which course would be better - architecture (or) games development??
ContentSerializerRuntimeType required in content pipeline?
Strange 3D game engine camera with X,Y,Zoom instead of X,Y,Z
Should I use inheritance or composition for modelling game objects?
Basic knowledge for 2d gaming and images?
How can I change the splash screen for a standalone game in Unity3D?
Are difficult code tests when applying for jobs the norm?
Setting variable values in XNA 4.0 from an XML file
Is this aiming mechanic usable in a third-person top-down game?
Developing Kinect game for Xbox360?
Why is texturing interfering with my ID-based picking implementation?
What is the AlphaToCoverage blend state useful for?
Is there a tool to import a sprite sheet into Flash as a frame-based animation?
Is showing a collision in slow motion computationally relaxing?
How should a one-man team do game audio?
Why does my model render differently with different BasicEffect instances?
How can I draw a model with a color on WP7?
How can I fix these errors with Panda3D's sample projects?
How can I remove inventory items in a Bukkit plugin?
free asset library for panda3d
how to ignore physics collision of some objects in box2d
Creating a Model out of Math primitives
Processing component pools problem - Entity Subsystem
Game state from Web to iPhone version?
Creating map files for a 3D game
Can a texture's UV coordinates be animated (scrolled) when part of a SpriteSheet?
Best Algorithm for attacking in the Risk Game
Collision Detection problems in Voxel Engine (XNA)
Why is my sprite displayed offset from its Box2D body?
Cocos2D Accelerometer Z axis
Is storing all game objects in a single list an acceptable design?
How can I profile and debug my usage of D3D10?
Using Ninject for DependencyInjection on Xbox, noticable impact?
drawing meshes so that they respect the position in space (doesn't draw on top of another mesh if behind it)
How can I draw the inside of a box as well as the outside?
Essential skills to be a games programmer
Automating XNA Performance Testing?
isometric buildings
Proper audio formats in low resolution without gaps for a game
In Corona SDK, how do you extract the x1, y1, x2, and y2 coordinates from a line display object?
Why can't I get a bool packed and aligned into a D3D constant buffer?
Am I liable if my game damages someone's computer?
Breakout Collision: Detecting the side of collision
Animating DOM elements vs refreshing a single Canvas
Handling polygons in multiple nodes of an Octree
SDL Bullet Movement
Is WS-Security or REST+SSL a scalable authentication platform?
Is there an MMO-related research body?
Is the output from D3DCompile specific to one GPU, or not?
How do you rotate a cube map?
How to make money from creating a game for Windows?
"The Game Object" - and component-based design
Things to do to port game made for iOS in Unity to Android?
NullReferenceException problem when loading savegame in XNA 4.0
transform touch/click coordinates(2D) into 3d coordinates
How do character/object interaction animations work in isometric games?
Where to hire someone to make a trailer?
How do I use setFilmSize in panda3d to achieve the correct view?
How do I use transparent textures in panda3d?
Any problems with Event usages within XNA on Xbox/Phone
Open source component-based game engines?
Could a large number, such as 255.000255 be converted to it's RGB channels in a Shader language?
How can I improve rendering speeds of a Voxel/Minecraft type game?
Can I create mods for a D3D game made in C#?
How can I convert the 3D Object designed in MAYA or 3D Max to OpenGL Object?
Google Sketchup pro exporter/importer for MD5 model format?
Creating a vertexbuffer to define vertices arranged in a grid with the view for easy editing later
Is it worth making component based entity system?
How do I do 3d collisions in isometric game?
Abstracting entity caching in XNA
Is it possible to generate Events and Hooks in Lua for any game without built-in support?
Resuming swapped out RenderTarget2D in XNA
How can I store all my level data in a single file instead of spread out over many files?
How can I check for Shader Model 3 support?
How can I draw crisp per-pixel images with OpenGL ES on Android?
Large Blob of landmass in Minecraft Terrain Engine in XNA
Algorithm for generating levels for shooting game
Dealing with occlusion in an isometric sandbox game
Cocos2d: how to add anchor points to CCSpriteBatchNode
Creating an unbiased deterministic collision resolution order
Input in OpenTK
Rendering a lot of Models at once with XNA
Will using OpenGL for rendering with SDL make my 2D game run smoother?
How do i calc what side the ball is of the rect?
In tools development, what languages and technologies are currently in use?
Designing Collision Detection for 2D Rectangular Adventure/RPG
OpenGL relative 2D camera
How to simulate backspin or topspin in a box2d billiard game?
How do I check collision when firing bullet?
text wrapping on a texture applied to a 3D model
Why can't I import third-party modules I've installed in the python-ogre SDK's interpreter?
How can I handle sprite sheets with nonuniform sprite dimensions?
IRC channel about game development?
GUI.Button inside GUI.Window not responding
Is it better to track rotation with a vector or a float?
glCreateShader causes segmentation fault
Does ContentManager.Load<T>() re-read an asset if I have loaded it before?
What are the pros and cons of GameSalad versus Cocos2D?
How can I build and run Doom 3 from source in Windows?
How do I make "weaponsclash" = animations adapating to parameters
What technique should I use for the AI for Go?
How can I alleviate network lag issues with players from other countries?
Cocos2D: TileMap performance question
How can I map thumbsticks to cardinal directions?
Can using different vertex-buffers for each vertex-attributes be good in certain scenarios?
Why do people put a gif animation into a single bitmap?
How can I create a curved path for a ball?
How does one do unit testing in a game engine?
Multi Threading In Update Loop
Create a rectangle struct to be rotated and have a .Intersects() function
Reading data disks in Xbox360 homebrew
Can I swap out Farseer physics fixtures at runtime?
How was the world game market segmented in 2011?
IndexOutOfRangeException on World.Step after enabling/disabling a Farseer physics body?
Enconding/Decoding bit value in Texture Alpha Channel
RPG hit/miss formula
Using Vectors for 2d animation
How to get smooth circular input from a thumbstick in XNA?
How to decide to use OpenGL ES 1.0 or 2.0 for Android?
How can I get multiple bullets on screen?
Why does my object move faster at 45 degrees than at 90 degrees?
Designing Drops system - How and where chance of drops are defined?
Teaching game development with Ruby
How to parse & "pack" network commands?
Android-Handling screen clicks for dynamically moving objects in a view
How does an AAA graphical workflow look like?
How can a load and play an .x model using vertex animation in XNA?
Why does using multithreading during my load screen increase my load times?
How to calculate origin and position of a weapon which should be "in hands"?
How do I draw 2D textures with Direct3D 11.1?
Game Research Points
How do I handle specific tile/object collisions?
Help on 'varying' and 'uniform' keywords in GLSL (OpenGL 4+)
Valve Source Engine / UDK and CUDA
What is Direction Cosines applications in game development?
Character and Weapon animation interaction
Clock hand, how much should I rotate the hand by every frame?
Creating installer for WinForms XNA with compiled content
How to linearly transform vertices for large coordinate systems
How can I "capture" the section of my sprite sheet that I want to draw in Java?
Sparse Voxel Octrees which parts on GPU or CPU?
Move Sprite from A(x,y) to B(x1,y1);
How would I implement an endless road the player runs down?
Why does my GLSL 1.20 shader not work with an OpenGL 4.0 driver?
How do I call  glVertexPointer in Java?
How can I save my game state so it can be resumed when my application resumes?
Telling which side of a voxel was hit by an object
Generic item collision/reflection in Pong (Flash)
Getting error messages from my server
How to achieve graphics like those in Spy Mouse
Create a car sound with frequencies
Problems with 3D rotation when creating a 3D skeleton
Is it possible to run other doom3 engine based games using the open sourced version of the engine?
How can I achieve a good fire effect with alpha blending and particles?
Decent Shader editor for Visual Studio
Methods of Creating a "Lightning" effect in 2D
3D tilt angle for an arrow in archery game
What model file formats are supported in XNA?
HTML5 multi-player game data/event validation best practices
To canvas, or not to canvas, when building browser-based games?
Texturing (or seeing through) the back of a plane
How can I use a 3x3 matrix within a 4x4 matrix representation?
Is there a simple way to group two or more sprites, so all of them will be dependent on each other?
Is there a cross-platform special directory I can use for game save files?
How to get window size from within another class?
Can I use copyrighted sprites for a demo?
Making a level editor for my game
Animations in FBX exported from Maya are anchored in the wrong place
How can I get rid of the diagonal wires in wireframe boxes?
Does it require any license to use soccer players and teams names in a paid or free game?
How to deal with large depth buffer values due to extreme distances
How to control a spaceship near a planet in Unity3D?
Designing a game that allows for selectable perks/customization
How do I load Gleed 2D levels in WP7 XNA game?
CGPointMake in Respect to other UIImageViews
Creating sideways friction in a 2D top down racer
Is there a game engine that does not use D3D or OpenGL?
Should i be worried about loading so much data?
Loading and using GLEED2D levels into WP7 Game
Avoiding bouncing between states in an FSM
Confused about order of operation when using a Matrix in XNA, C#
Is using SharpDX or SlimDX easier than using DirectX directly from C++?
XNA mouse position in windows forms
What to consider legally when cloning an old game?
How to balance audio levels to be loud enough yet safe
How can I change the path a sprite is following in real time?
How to organize a game engine in C++? Is my use of inheritance a good idea?
Drawing a one pixel wide line in 3D space
SpriteBatch.Begin() causes everyting else to be drawn incorrectly
What are the performance implications of multiple windows with indivdual OpenGL contexts?
How can I represent and collide with interior boundaries in a maze?
How do I generate a 3D race track from a spline?
Realistic metal shader
Opengl-es 1.1 draw blur on model?
How to handle walking into walls?
Running geometry shader only once
Is there a centralized database of game names and IDs?
How are collision and collision callback systems usually implemented?
Fast and simple attenuation from a flaming torch
Implementing behavior in a simple adventure game
How can I determine which direction a 2D collision is occurring from?
Tweening Colors in OpenGL
Imports in python
Special Effects in a 3d game
Marmalade SDK views navigation concepts
Stuck at enemy movement
How do I avoid causing more collisions, when resolving multiple AABB collisions?
PhysX Capsule Character Controller floating above ground
CLR Profiler Allocated Bytes and XNA ContentManager
Why is the background image less smooth on the phone?
Resources on GUI library API design?
Implementing cheat safe loot algorithm at clientside
Will there be legal issues in using cracked assets for internal development?
How can the Unreal Development Kit be used with Android?
Controlling 3D model with mouse XNA 4.0 C#
How to add several GameComponents of the same type?
Spritegroups and colorkeys
How to Calculate the Contact Point between Ray and Plane
Can't seem to get predictive collision detection working correctly
Box-box contact information
simplest way of making a sphere roll in a realistic way
C++ Valid for indie 2d games?
Cocos2d animation problem, [__NSCFString rect]: unrecognized selector sent to instance
Implementing Object Composition
What is a fair price to pay for music licensing for a commercial game?
The mosts common topics that developer technical tests ask
Can I dynamicaly modify 3D objects?
How do I deal with abstracting collision handling code between entities with differing collision components?
How do you extract a Vector3 positions only from a world matrix in an array of positions (from Kinect)
How can animate a set of rigs without reinventing the wheel?
How can I determine how much I need to rotate an object to face a point?
What's wrong my code to create a GL texture from an SDL_Surface?
Can I add Models Dynamically in XNA
Resizing a dynamically resizable widget with a fixed aspect ratio?
GO Game, placing stones on grid intersections
Load state / continue game based on user input
How can I protect my save data from casual hacking?
Move an object by rotation AS3
Cleaner implementation of this draw call
To move the object (sprite) in all direction with constant speed in touch direction and to follow the touch path
Trouble with UV Mapping Blender => Unity 3
Where can I find pixel-art artist?
45 Slopes in a Tile based 2D platformer
Making 3D Studio Max Affordable
Cocos2D-iPhone, how does the Game Loop work in Cocos2D?
Box 2d and really complex big shapes
Artificial Intelligence - when to update pathfind?
Support of multiple 3d formats in engine
How to use the actions of the actors in libgdx?
Is my StatisticManager idea overkill?
Is there a limit to Gametime.TotalMilliseconds?
Simulate race winner based on character attributes
Converting cartesian geo-coordinates to isometric (real world map to game map)
Creating 2D billiard game with realistic movement
How are dynamic blending shadows like this created?
How to find and fix the performace problems with my voxel engine?
How to draw efficiently large number of objects with alpha blending?
what is the absolute simplest way to add physics to a simple 3D game
How do I integrate bullet physics into my game?
where have the shape drawing functions gone in DirectX10?
Leaf movement simulation in a 3d world
Should I use Java or C#?
Avoiding lag when playing sound for first time using Cue.Play
Optimizing UV Map Sheet Based On Surface Area?
Trying to use stencils in 2D while retaining layer depth
Simulating a 3D body with a skeleton in iOS
WriteObject<T> in XNA with existing ContentWriters
How does a game's frame rate change for each missed vsync?
How to convert screen space into 3D world space?
Designing Efficient 2D Collision for Topdown Shooter
XNA Multiplayer Gone Wrong
Developing for iOS on Linux
suggestion for a strategy game like platform to test AI algorithm
How often to SendData() in my peer-ro-peer XNA game?
COLLADA, loading, the modelling/animation process?
Using tilemaps for an isometric football game with cocos2dx
How do I calculate market share in an economic simulation?
How can i use A star pathfinding algorithm
How to implement different weapons in player's hands?
Get points on a line between two points
How does the Wii controller work?
Slick2D and Clipping
Efficient Isometric 2.5D Game Engines?
How (if possible) would I change the BasicEffect Matrix mid draw
Moving from A(x,y) to B(x1,y1) with constant speed?
Texture swapping and 2d Drawing in Xna
Grid/cell based light system
What basic non-games related computer knowledge should a games programmer possess?
Giving the illusion of speed
Giving points to users - how can I make it interesting?
XNA Drawing Glitches (maybe Viewfrustum related?)
Computer animation in C++ and if it can be integrated in web designes
XNA Silverlight 5 3D Model Position
How to interpolate a height-map with normals
How can I animate a colour change over hue/saturation/value instead of RGB in Blender?
How do you split indices and vertices if their quantity goes over the limit?
2D overlays in 3D environments
Relative and absolute position with sprites in libgdx
Starting my own development company
Can I use popular classical music as my game's soundtrack?
How to move a 3d object in 3d coordinate space
What are the drawbacks of this messaging system implementation?
Creating graphics at different angles for sprites
Rotate an existing quaternion around an axis?
Is there a way to calculate a good population per distance for enemies in a side-scroller game?
Get Final output from UDK
Making an object swing from one rope to another
Rendering 3D out of layers - optimizing fillrate?
Capturing a programs performance
How do I avoid losing prediction responsiveness due to client interpolation?
What online games would let me practice AI development?
How to implement the interaction between engine parts?
XNA a Simple 2D Point Light
Why do people use quaternions?
Detect if a sprite has left the camera in libgdx?
How can I write a terrain into a .raw file?
Adapting DirectX samples to SlimDX
Trace with 2D terrain
Partial recalculation of visibility on a 2D uniform grid
General 2D Collision Detection Question
Cocos2d -- Check if place is free before moving (all objects)
Custom Music in Skyrim's Creation Kit?
Perspective projection with 90 degrees between X-Y axis?
What kind of gaming platforms for Linux are available?
Choosing a server for a PVP game
How do I simulate a doppler effect in a game?
throw a 2D ball facing the target to simulate a 3D like effect
Slick2D, Nifty GUI listeners problem
How to put an invisible marker on a model and refer to it in the game?
An evaluation of game UI, based on certain usability criteria?
Which is better for mobile games, PNG or SVG?
How to handle pixel-perfect collision detection with rotation?
Is there an easy and automatic way of converting a Windows XNA project into a Monotouch Monogame project?
Programmatically drawing a "pencil" line or curve
Help Reading this Data in XML as a List (ContentReader)
DirectX -- Best version to develop for?
2D layerDepth not working XNA 4.0
Can I use the Minecraft avatar in my game as long as I texture it differently?
How do you generate tileable Perlin noise?
Do you prototype mobile touch games on the desktop with mouse input? What tricks do you use?
BOX2D Kinematic Platform with parallax layer
SDL and OpenGL resize window event question
How do I alert enemies to my presence when I make a sound?
Is GLUT obsolete?
Flickering water effect
What alternatives to GLUT exist?
Is there a sprite sheet creator that satisfies these requirements?
Is there a way to procedurally generate the history of a world?
3D Bone Animation API in C#
Biased, conservative random walk
Determine Resulting Angle of Wall Collision
Real-time multiplayer game server development
Calculate vector in local space
Spherical fractal noise generator in shader
How to know if an actor is touched in libgdx?
How do I create a horizon?
What's the best way to generate an NPC's face using web technologies?
XNA sword sprite collision detection
Sprite-sheets vs Sprites/MovieClips in Flash
Shader and Custom Vertex Format Errors
Are there any disadvantages of using Distance Squared checks rather than Distance?
Why is antialiasing dependent on sampling?
Does CADisplayLink automatically control the app's timestep?
What is the proper use of CADisplayLink, and where do I put game logic?
Unable to connect to UDP server using ip as hostname
Real time data retrieval - database vs file system
Drawing a line from a random coordinate through a given point
How can I stop the next screen from briefly displaying at the start of a CCTransitionFadeTR?
Programatically replace color gradient on sprite
What's the most efficient way to find barycentric coordinates?
Testing whether two cubes are touching in space
What is the difference between Vector2.Transform and this method?
Using component based entity system practically
Server hosting and costs
DirectX11, how to properly update a staging buffer with a structured buffer's count using CopyStructureCount
Handling scripted and "native" components in a component-based entity system
Farseer DebugViewXNA: scaling problem
Convert game replay into video format
How to choose a 3d modeling software?
Can I legally sell an XNA game made with Visual C# Express Edition?
Compressing textures and recompressing textures
Ways to manage changing designer data alongside changing player data
How to fight against memory editing cheat software?
How to go from Texture2DContent to Texture2D in a content processor?
Approaches to partner trick taking card game AI
Projective texture and deferred lighting
Do mods for games like Skyrim look good on a resume?
What is the difference between a game director and game producer?
Ball Physics for Android Game
A* : Partial recalculation when one node *changes*
How do I create a Dynamic Text Button AS3?
How to move the camera in XNA only after few moments?
Component-based Rendering
AndEngine Making Chase Camera Follow Player
Design patterns for rules systems?
How to properly implement message handling in a component based entity system?
What is the name for a single 2D polygon on a UV Mapped texture?
Unable to find good parameters for behavior of a puck in Farseer
How do I calculate collision response between a sphere and a plane?
Box2d and sprites
How do I perform a slice effect like Fruit Ninja?
Why does the resolution of floating point numbers decrease further from an origin?
Why might render target in DirectX9 fail to work?
Is it possible to physically locate a game console?
Picking a tile in an Iso Engine
Algorithm for random flight of a fly
Scrolling the camera when the mouse cursor gets to the edge of the screen
Havok SDK and Android, where to begin
Help for choosing a cost effective game server for Flash client
Is it possible to export a simulation (animation) from Blender to Unity?
Are shader-based antialiasing methods making traditional multisampling obsolete?
How to determine an "Assists" statistic
Intuitive way to handle dragging outside the Arc Ball?
Good way to play a sound when something happens? How does this sound?
Is a frame-rate jump in my C++ iPhone game a show stopper and how do I find its cause?
physics.addBody() with custom shapes in Corona SDK
Sliding down the slope
How do RPG store and retrieve maps?
Correct texture format for Moai with TexturePacker
Help me choosing a 3d modelling software for this project?
SFML Segmentation Fault when using VBOs?
Implementing an online database
Benefits of attending highly selective colleges
How can I create gradiented Fog of War?
Should have one device per application or per form when doing MDI Forms work with XNA?
What features should a 2D graphics library have?
Developing user interface
displaying image on modelmesh with transparency
Multiple render targets and gamma correctness in Direct3D9
How do I avoid Race Conditions in UnrealScript?
How hard is it to build for other platforms using the Unreal Engine 3?
Pop up screen on libgdx
Relating a point after an image is panned and zoomed
What methods should save/load a game state
Quality Current Free UDK Tutorials?
Moving a sprite over a tile map
XNA 4.0 problem Initializing Instanced Classes in for loop
Resource not found: testdata/alphamap.png
Is Android not good for game development?
Using Sampler States in Effect file
FBO Depth Buffer not working
Do any games support different lighting effects according to whether a surface is wet or dry?
Detecting collision between a sprite and many tiles
Working on an open source game
What is the most effective way to work with a friend on the same game?
Roguelike Class Structure Makes Everything Effectively Global
delay camera xna
Efficient Bullet Firing Class
Farseer Physics collision detection vs intersection detection with sensors
glBlendFunc transparency in cocos2d?
How to represent cliff faces in terrain?
Is it possible to detect two different mice at the same time, and have their movements recorded seperately?
Octree division
Common ways to keep up with character state in a 2D game?
How do I save files with libgdx so that users can't read them?
Defining and selecting an area from an image
Make a callback to android methods from libgdx
XNA Framework HiDef profile requires TextureFilter to be Point when using texture format Vector4
Cinematic in 2D games
How do I make a message based communication system between objects?
A question regarding how to respond to 'events'
Transition between two Views
Which Side Was Hit?
Legal Lego game
How should I design my particle system to make it easy to add new particle effect types?
Aggro with Images
Coding for a really, really high-resolution display array
Resource loader for an HTML5 and Javascript game
Immediate GUI - yae or nay?
Best way to handle realtime melee AI in authoritative network environment
How to pin a body in case of collision in Box2D or Farseer?
How to setup JBox2D?
Separation of world state and animation in a turn based game
Multidimensional Pathfinding Algorithms
High school-level geometry book focusing on game dev for struggling student?
Need ideas on how to give my levels structure
3D Procedural Planet Generation
GPU particle system using vertex texture fetch in Direct3D9
Is it possible to use 3G internet for a TCP/IP game server?
Why are changes in one object applied to all objects in a list?
How to generate random points on the surface of a quadrilateral
Keep running CGRectIntersect Method - Objective C
Implementing Power-Ups in a game
Should the camera's rotation value be clamped?
SpriteBatch Draw Using Floats with the Destination Rectangle
What is the ideal way to separate presentation and logic, and when is it OK to combine them?
How do 2D art assets (eg. sprites) work?
Articles about a plot in an open world
How legal would it be to use some elements of the Half Life universe in my non comercial, indie game?
InvalidCastException in Farseer's raycasting when trying to use the built-in explosion class?
Learning to code first game, few questions on basic game development and 3D
AndEngine Moving a Connected Texture and Physics Body
general routine of creating real video games?
For learning purposes only, is creating a game engine or using one such as Unity3D or UDK better?
Could I make my own pokemon game without running into a copyright issue?
Building different game objects (EG Spells, Items,) for an rpg game
How to prevent 2D camera rotation if it would violate the bounds of the camera?
What's the right/standard way of achieving separation of concerns?
Why does my 2d collision and movement not work properly?
How should I manage multiple entities?
Forcing a game to use Direct3D WARP
How do you implement 2D collision detection?
How to refactor and improve this XNA mouse input code?
C#/XNA multiplayer TCG game inside a browser possibe?
What would be the most efficient mechanism to implement branching choices?
How to create wrap-around pathfinding?
Decompile an FX shader
Java ~ RPG Game Qs: Music, Inventory, Inv Checker, Array of Weapon List and Calculations
Pong - Changing the Ball's Y location depending on where it hits the paddle
Importing World of Warcraft models into Unity
Slick2D Tile Based 'Fog of War' Blurring Problem
Top-Down mapping with GLEED2D: Collision and Faux 3D
Skyrim Creation Kit with Xbox 360
A*  Pathfinding Problems
In the GJK algorithm, when is a point ever closer to the origin than a line?
Transfer my UDK 2 project to UDK 3?
Looking at the mouse position in a top down Unity game?
Rotation of images in Slick2D
Do you have to rewrite Corona SDK apps for different devices?
Xna Xbox framedrops when GC kicks in
Book about Entity System?
How to reduce the CPU usage during the state preservation phase in my MMO?
Xna rotate around world axis?
Will my "Block Buster" game infringe on the Blockbuster (movie rental) trademark?
Is there a way to increase the collision check efficiency of a system of n objects?
As an aspiring game developer, which game engine should I learn?
Blender or 3Ds Max
Fatal Python error: (pygame parachute) Segmentation Fault when using PyGame and cx_Freeze
Farseer Physics EndContact events don't fire for all registered delegates
Performance/architectural implications of calling SpriteBatch.Begin/End in many different places?
Concerns for Hosting a Facebook App
Setting up a cross-platform Ogre project on a Git repository
How to access SpriteBatch, Input, and ContentManager from all game screens?
Browser game architecture considerations
Is networked gameplay inherently hard to debug and create?
How can I package and read multiple asset files into/from one file?
Where could I look online to learn about being a game designer?
How can I incrementally generate an graph?
Rotating sprite to face cursor
Simplest format for video
What are some good methods of implementing RTS-style Box selection?
What kind of design or structure should I use to implement movement between an over-world map and a menu system?
LAN game in Actionscript 3
Android how to get opengl 3D coordinates in ontouch event
Creating pixel art / animation with flash
Calculate path of laser beam?
iOS - pass UIImage to shader as texture
Is there a HTML/JS game engine/library that deals with things (HUD, menus, accounts, etc) other than the core gameplay?
Speed of bodies in Box2D and libgdx
Making an RPG - Is RPG Maker VX ok or a bad idea?
Animation Systems
libgdx sprite position relative to body
How to Export Flash Animation Data
How could I implement my library/game to run in a browser plugin?
As an indie developer, what should I learn about the business end of game development?
Can a 3g network work for this project and is my understanding correct?
Dual Currency vs. One Currency in social games economics and monetization
Game Design Schools in Canada
Why am I getting a "multiple definition of *" error when initializing OpenGL extensions?
Texture in model not rendered by BasicEffect
Calculating torque required to turn an object to a target rotation, depending on timestep
XNA Subtract blending function doesn't work
Software engineering theory for hobbyist developers
How do you calculate game map changes, over time, when the user is not online?
Hide original video file in XNA game
How to keep the questions in Math game application ?
Bubble shooter search alghoritm
Rendering issue: depth buffering + blending: how do they work together?
Polygon Collision Detection Android
Level design: compute minimum time between two items for player traversal
How to integrate game logic in game engines
How do they made Pokmon games so flawlessly balanced?
box2d and constant movement
Does the projection matrix flip winding order in right handed systems?
Need help with Shadows
2D bullet movement speed problem
Where can I find audio instrument samples?
Is there documentation on XNA other than at MSDN?
How to adjust GUI to screen resolution ?
Drawback of using multiple bind flags
Is this feature copyright infringment?
What is the best digital audio editing software for sound effects for games
Maintain speed in box2D body
What is a "Gameplay Programmer"?
XNA Sprites Not Drawing Correctly
Reading and writing an anti-aliased texture in Direct3D9
3D Procedural Planet Generation - Resource
Game Design vs Game Development
Game Design Schools
Understanding the Entity-Component Model
Efficient tile maps in Corona SDK
Using ColorFill on a depth buffer
PyGame custom isometric engine : caching or not?
Optimize a render call to draw out several semi-transparent sprites
How do I generate coins in a pattern?
SDL, SFML, OpenGL, or just move to Java
What is the "main" implementation of OpenGL?
2D Point Light XNA , Why my point light radius is Oval?
Drawing beam effect in UDK?
Making filled circles in cocos2d
Strings and Variables Inheritance From Another Class in Java
Game Design Education
Can't get debug spew for Direct3D9
Reference a single 2d Rectangle in an array
andEngine dynamic sprites
A decent design for handling large creation/deletion of random objects?
client - server position syncronization in flash
C++ and SDL resource management for 2D game
Is the way I remove objects causing a memory leak?
How do I shoot bullets towards the mouse in a top down shooter?
Why do 3d model drawn to a RenderTarget appear distorted compared to those drawn directly?
Collision Problems in Pacman Clone
Objective-C or javascript+html5+canvas?
How does Terrain following work on height map?
Practice openGL or learn a specific engine?
Find a line that connects the outer most points in a set of points
Recommended Polling Rate
Detecting End of Animation
Collision intepenetration and objects getting stuck (Unity)
Are there games already including detailed psychological/social modeling?
What is a convincing Berserker enemy AI finite state machine for a Roguelike
Javascript Isometric draw optimization
How to wire finite state machine into component-based architecture?
Any way to optimize testing each bullet for each enemy in shoot em' ups?
Real-time UDP multiplayer games: ping measurement?
Is Goal-Oriented Action Planning (GOAP) a valid replacement for state machines outside the realm of AI?
Managing Shaders and Objects in DirectX 11
Reflections based on distance from plane
NxWheelShape Tilt with Vision(Havok) Engine and PhysX 2.8.x
What is the best way to implement host-migration application design?
How are non-repetitive pixel backgrounds created in 2D games? (e.g., Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP)
Using Python what is the best way to perform heavy tasks in the background?
Are there game engines like Unity but for 2D?
Bad to learn XNA without an amazing foundation on C#?
Resolution Independence in libGDX
Multiplayer box2d networking for turn based game
way to implement a menu -pratical
Quake d_draw.s versus d_draw16.s
trouble in making a game questions?
How do I create a decal system?
What are the techniques used to save space with very large levels?
Random Calculations for Strategy Based Games in Java
What maps sizes did old 2D RTS games like C&C and WarCraft support?
Positioning a texture inside a 3D object with GLSL
What percentage of development time should I spend in balancing?
Determining Available Recruits in Java Game
How do MMO servers communicate with players who are behind a NAT?
Gamepad API For Multiple Pad Types
Scaling bodies in box2d and libgdx
Why isn't my sprite being drawn in the correct position in XNA?
With flash/flex games talking to backend, is it pull only or can the game server push?
Detecting a click on a tile
Are OpenGL Textures more memory efficient than Android Bitmaps?
Tips on combining the right Art Assets with a 2D Skeleton and making it flexible
How to clip cut-off text in a textbox?
What are the basics of 3D triangle/quad sorting?
How does Minecraft compute lighting for it's non-block objects?
expand section of a texture 2D (zoom)
b2Body moves without stopping
Corona SDK Continuous Integration
Handling lost graphics device XNA 4.0 in winforms
(Why) Should I choose Unity 3 or Cocos2d (or something third) for my app?
XNA Framework HiDef profile does not support alpha blending
Include Box2D libraries to a cocos2d project (iOS)
OpenGL & SDL textures... game shuts down
Can I use SpriteBatch when drawing sprites on a rotating 3D plane
How to move a sprite on a slope in chipmunk Spacemanager
DX11 StreamOut to Vertex Buffer from GeometryShader, can't clear Buffer?
Why would someone chose midpoint displacement over perlin noise for 3D terrain generation?
SQLite in libGDX
Increasing the probability for similar tiles to generate next to each other
How to move the object(tanker ) on slope image in chipmunk Spacemanager
Can I make a mirror with Unity Free?
How would I move a character In an RPG with Bullet Physics/Ogre3D?
Is it possible to reuse the same window in multiple games?
How can I get a set of raw samples from an audio file in XNA 4.0?
Incorrect Model Position (XNA)
Best way to separate display and game logic (threads)
How to manage the lifetime of Ogre3D objects?
Implementing IVertexType Interface
Questions about dynamic loading and unloading of assets and game state
How do I reset a game level
Looking for a simple web interface with subversion support and ticket /issue tracker
Intellectual rights to game concepts
flicker when drawing 4 models for the first time
C# creating a simple snake game
Creating lots of sprites dynamically in libgdx
Which are the most complete DirectX game or technical demo with source available
XNA Sprite Flash Effect
Programming games for Windows
Necessary design skills to develop games using Unity, UDK, etc
XNA GameServices vs. public static
How to hide a MMORPG backend server from the internet?
removing box2d objects before collision occurs
How to draw equal length line stripes on a parabola?
2d game with png sequences slowing on Unity3d
Errors happen when using World.destroyBody( Body body )
Transformation order when dealing with Meshes
What's the best head-bob formula?
Bullet Physics Terrain
Creating an isometric map with hexagonal tiles for iPad
As3 Flash How to check if a bitmapdata is completely set to transparent using an eraser?
Lag compensation of projectile shooting game
Moving an image by rotating and increasing y axis causes a trailing issue
Why does my Win32 call, contained in a class method, fail?
JOGL Hardware Shadow Mapping Transparent Shadow Texture
Scripting language with class instance support
Making mouse pos realtive to a moving object
In a component/entity system, what's the correct way to implement entity-specific components?
XNA Vertex buffer/Index buffer high memory usage?
Graphic hardware texture formats shaders relational speed
Starting off in game development
How to make leg bones children of torso bone in Blender?
I have to make a game in 9 days. AHHH!
Why does my game not update unless I'm moving the mouse?
What AI technique should I use to control a car in a bumpy environment?
Game 30% done on HTML5. Maybe it was a bad idea. Should I change to Unity3d?
Translating local to global coordinates in ARToolkit / OpenGL
How to get started in Java Game Programming?
DirectCompute information
Ensure house map maze with lifts can be solved?
Cocos2D - How to move sprite on the X axis, using the accelerometer
Box2D + Love2D (Lua) - Assertion fail with polygon meshes
Collision Detection Result Theory?
Doing an SNES Mode 7 (affine transform) effect in pygame
Where can I find/download a decent, free voice synthesizer?
Optimum Screen Resolutions
Main characteristics of a game
Ogre 3D Visibility Advice
Constant size geometries
Player choices affecting a massive online world
Cellbased maps explanation?
Setting up speedtests in Actionscript 3 for an entire game
RTS game diplomacy heuristics
How do I handle walking up and down bridges at any angle?
Arbitrary projection matrix from 6 arbitrary frustum planes
Rotate a particle system
Time Required for Animation to Finish
Waiting specific time to increase sound libgdx
3D XNA Tracking Camera
C# Console Snake Game, sort of fps problem
GameCenter turn based central server
Apply Vertex Colors to XNA Spritebatch sprites
OpenGL ES 2.0 Camera advices and general thoughts for a 2D engine
Calculate impulse need on object to throw i Y meters into the air, with varying mass
3d bounding Box border xna
Creating an abstract Animation class
Loading and unloading "chunks" of tiles in a 2d tile engine with 2d camera
need to create formulas for stat, level progression etc. What tools will help the not-mathematically-literate?
Fixed time step with Akihabara
Tutorials for Managed DirectX development?
How to make something rotate a certain amount over an exact amount of time
Correct way to "randomly" generate flowing terrain
Microsoft XNA Platformer Example, is the Collsion Detection implemented accurately?
Getting fastest path on a grid
Keeping track of onscreen objects in opengl es on Android
MMO Proxy Server
help a 2D image onto a 3D cube
How do I know if a perspective matrix is right or left handed coordinate system?
How do I clear up artifacts between aligned faces when using AA in XNA 4.0?
How to fake flipping a skeleton in Box2D?
Keyboard shortcuts in RTS game
Java game engine for android and desktop
Ray Triangle Intersection issue
How to manage merging/splitting viewports to create a dynamic splitscreen
How can I handle inventory in an object-oriented way?
Problem when animating MD5 model (GPU Skinning)
Where should I put my drawing code
How to store "chunks" of tiles or How to make my implementation work
How to handle many sprites and update?
Changing the color of a sprite at runtime
How to handle multiple effect files in XNA
Why are there lines in between my tiles?
Z rotation causing skew Android OpenGL ES 2.0
How is Ping-Ponging done in Stage3D & AGAL (Flash Player 11)
How to use Kobold2D/Cocos2D to create a turn-based iOS 5 Game Center game?
Why do I get a segmentation fault on launch with this code?
How can I organize render and transformation data in a scalable fashion?
Is it possible to have a cross platform multiplayer game on iOS?
Calculating the number of tiles shown on an isometric map
Open trading card game rulesets?
OpenGL ES drop shadows for 2D sprites
Loading textures with SharpDX in Metro
Top-Down Racing Game C++
music for an arcade game?
Using the AssetManager in LibGDX
How to perform collision detection in 3D space?
Is it worthwhile to use particle pools in managed languages?
Matrix for 2D perspective
What makes "AAA" games so special?
Which approach is better: Frequent small updates, or occasional large ones?
Unity3D GUI - what exactly it does when create controls and check their statuses?
How to approach dual skills in an rpg game
Implementing pausing functionality
The ship "shudders" in scrolling Asteroids
Server-side physic simulations with hundreds of players
Is the viewport meant to be an absolute representation of where the underlying device is drawing?
How should I connect objects when using the MVC paradigm?
Which is worst: Too many VertexShader instructions, or FragmentShader instructions?
Is there a portal dedicated to HTML5 games?
How to properly render a Frame Buffer to the BackBuffer in Stage3D / AGAL
Minecraft Mod portable torch/lantern
How to resize an image loaded using ContentManager in XNA
Pre game loading time vs. in game loading time
Flash Professional vs FlashBuilder 4.6 for mobile app development
Pygame import error
Next-gen technologies to anticipate for development?
OpenGL es glDrawTexfOES() 2D texture is totaly black no color
How do I create a game design that can adapt to new platform environments?
Direct3D9 application won't write to depth buffer
OpenGL: Rotating cannon about non-centre position?
Game with static scene and bouncing balls. How to?
Primitive Animation
How do I set a single pixel of an image in Slick2D?
Project rendering onto a polygon in the scene
How to get the texture coordinate of a neighbouring pixel for a blur shader?
Parallax Scrolling - Layers not preserving their relational positions
Is there an AIR native extension to use GameCenter APIs for turn-based games?
merge textures 2D , in Xna
Some advice for settling on a map format for a tile game?
Python/PyGame mixer.music playback of OGG file has intermittent clicking sound - how to proceed?
Render 3D torus shape entirely in GLSL
Collision Detection doesnt work because some things move more than 1px at a time
How to calculate shot angle and velocity to hit a moving target?
In very simple 3d racing games, how are collisions handled?
Game class and main function
Isometric Optimization in javascript
Best Method to Create Side Scrolling Levels? - Cocos2D
Collision detection not working
Why is RK4 better than Euler integration?
Stuck in an infinite recursion in Minesweeper
Trying to understand 2D vector -> projection space conversion
What basic windows form games should I build as a newbie in game development?
Problem rotating cubes in opengl
Where can I get people to test my game?
How to draw a tileset using HTML5 canvas?
Is there a specific library to handle the collision system of a big game world like WoW, or any physics library will work?
XNA: Regarding SpriteBatch.Draw()
Still confused about timesteps in XNA
How can I tactfully ask users to help support my free game?
As3 Random movieclips from an array to the stage
Using Slick2D/LWJGL to brighten an Image
Making particle bounce off a line with friction
Drawing isometric map in canvas / javascript
How to Simulate Height in a Tiled Top-Down Game
What framework provides mouse-interactive components as game sprites?
Giving a Bomberman AI intelligent bomb placement
How to make the game run at 60 FPS in Irrlicht?
Is it worth planning to be cross-platform in mobile game development?
3D Model transparency issue
libGDX Multitouch Controls
Back-face culling in 2d OpenGL game
Can I create a remix of a song & incorporate it into my game music?
Unity: Is there a way to edit a Skin file?
basic Theory that we need to know before start learning game programming
XNA 2D - How to switch to a new sprite upon collision and delete itself
How best to handle ID3D11InputLayout in rendering code?
How to increase force for every touch?
Are fonts covered by copyright?
How should I account for the GC when building games with Unity?
OBB vs OBB Collision Detection
How to schedule Render and Logic loops in browsers with RequestAnimationFrame?
Using the same font with different sizes in libgdx
Why would GLCapabilities.setHardwareAccelerated(true/false) have no effect on performance?
Basics of drawing in 2d with OpenGL 3 shaders
Game Loop Problem - Growth and Recharge as Integer Values
Registering collision on particles
Multiple Kickstarter campaigns. Good? Bad? Ugly?
Deferred shading - how to combine multiple lights?
XNA Platformer Screen Collision
Play .mp4 videos using Irrlicht
Shadows in deferred rendering
improving speed of 2d ball collision
2D Object 'Targeting' / 'Selecting'
Check one side of a rectangle for collision detection?
How do I resolve a collision of a rectangle with two rectangular tiles at once?
Render TIny.x bones in Direcx 9
XNA 2D - How can I draw a sprite over another?
Orbiting a specific point - Orbiting Camera
Moving in an arc using Vector3
Opening URL in browser using C++ with cocos2d-x in iOS
How to move a static Body in Farseer 3.2 using touchpad
Bukkit saving inventory enchantments
Problem playing music and sound effects in Cocos2d-x
Normal maps in 3dsMax - OgreMax - how to view associated tangent vectors?
Techniques for benchmarking code running on the Sega Genesis' 68000 CPU?
Using NinePatch in libGDX for Loading Bar
Accelerometer to control handstans man?
Anybody remember this webpage?
Game programming in C, where do I get started?
My game is just about finished! What do I do now?
Character jittering with this tile based collision code
Set Checkpoints vs. Player Saves
Directx11 / Tessellation
Is Java viable for serious game development?
Can I use the default depth buffer when drawing to FBO?
Random movement
Is SDL conducive to detailed 2D in-Game Animation and intricate particle effects?
How can I create a pack file / archive for game data files, and then load them? (zlib?)
What version of OpenGL should I code for, given compatibility and performance considerations?
HTML5 clicking objects in canvas
How to play animations in Cocos2d-x?
3D Translation using only distance and angles
Line segment and Sphere intersect
Create an infinite scroll using CCParallaxNode in Cocos2D-X
iOS persistant storage with update function
Custom made depth bias (vertex) shader
How to create life-like sprites from photo or video capture like was done for games like Mortal Kombat 1?
How do I make a progress bar with letters that get "filled in"?
Playtesting Own Game - How To Be Objective?
SAT, How Do I Find The Penetration Vector?
Authentication for a multiplayer game via sockets
XNA Screen Manager problem with transitions
Controlling access to my game
XNA spritebatch drawing to the centre of screen
(XNA) What's a Good Database Program for a Turn-Based RPG?
Transform coordinates from 3d to 2d without matrix or built in methods
How to generate closed curve?
Animation with 10 frames
How to detect what portion of a rectangle a point is in?
How do I make a low pass filter (average of readings over time) for compass?
How to do profiling and memory pooling per system?
How to implement a physical with perspective effect on Android?
How to get into video game writing?
How to achieve this particular screen filter with GLSL?
Opengl create tunnel TRIANGLES and texture coords on a 3d path
Need some advice regarding collision detection with the sprite changing its width and height
Ideas for time-keeping in a webbased RPG?
Should I call the garbage collector during loading screen?
Road parallax background
Strategy/City Builder browser game - technical details
Automatic weapon recoil with that "Counter Strike"-feel
What is the best way to handle "Fangame" licensing?
Help learning how to create tile based games in java and or C#
How do music and ambient sound influence gameplay flow?
Bounding boxes in octrees
How should I adjust starting sample position of audio track to match next buffer fill?
C++ entity component system framework
Physics engine that can handle multiple attractors?
XNA 4.0 and Lidgren Library, How do I create a server/client hybrid?
Breakout collision using 2D Rectangles?
ID3D Query Where should I put them?
Literature for Inverse Kinematics: Joint Limits and beyond
A* and Space partitioning
Implementing a "tech tree"
Preventing banding textures in DirectX
How to make a model impressive
How do I show an interviewer that I have past experience?
Update single entry in GLSL array
Writing via content pipeline in Xbox game project
Can I use music I made in GarageBand or FL Studio in a commercial game?
Unity 3D vs openGL
How should I unbind and delete OpenAL buffers?
What is the best way to exploit multicores when making multithread games?
Can I leverage the fact that my scene is often static to improve OpenGL (JOGL) performance?
Linker error while trying to extend and recompile irrlicht
Abstracting Entity System animation states
Picking 2D objects after transforming camera in XNA
Where should I place my reaction code in Per-Pixel Collision Detection?
Integration of LibRocket and Android
Changing balls direction in Pong
Collision within a poly
2D side scroller - How to implement X/Y movement?
Change alpha to a Frame in libgdx
I am looking for a simple tutorial for sprite animation in android
How do I make my character slide down high-angled slopes?
Drag and Drop Team Selection
Picking 3D object with Mouse when using Camera Zooming in XNA 4.0
Multiple passes in direct3d10
Can I do iPhone game dev on iPod touch?
Distributing cross-platform .jar containing natives for LWJGL?
How should game objects with fixed positions in the world be positioned?
Is there any advantage in using  DX10/11 for a 2D game?
Random numbers on C++
Efficient solution for multiplayer space partioning?
Object-Oriented OpenGL
Android opengles 2.0 :different resolutions rendering and input
Should I go with OpenGL to see my future in Game Development industry?
How do I do a game loop in c99?
Write depth buffer to texture
Dividing up spritesheet in Javascript
Can I create a SDL_Surface as I do with Allegro?
Parent variable inheritance methods Unity3D/C#
Is it safe to set FPS rate to a constant?
Using "screenshots" in a game, is it allowed?
Is there a limit on game updates in the iOS app store?
Memory allocation patterns used in game development
Using XNA ContentPipeline to export a file in a machine without full XNA GS
Easiest Way To Implement "Slow Motion" and variable game speed in XNA?
Making entire scene fade to grayscale
Callback a function when a label is touched in cocos2d-x?
How does Starcraft 2 load its metadata?
Why does my ID3DXSprite appear to be incorrectly scaled?
Strange Flash AS3 xml Socket behavior
Importing a windows project into android using cocos2d-x
How to implement a 2d collision detection for Android
How to create a 3D world with 2D sprites similar to Ragnorak online?
How would I generate random falling objects
C# Collision test of a ship and asteriod, angle confusion
Accessing managers from game entities/components
Static Meshes vs 3D models
When to detect collisions in game loop
What should be learned for someone starting in Android Games?
Jumping a sprite while moving in a Bezier action
How to improve collision detection memory usage?
Starting a Java activity in Unity3d Android
For normal mapping, why can we not simply add the tangent normal to the surface normal?
GameState management hierarchical FSM vs stack based FSM
Creating natural environments that can run on lower end computers in Unity3D/C#
What's the best way to write fade in out function?
LWJGL in Visual Studio (possible)?
Sidescroller variable terrain heightmap for walking/collision
Legal issues around using real players names and team emblems in an open source game
Creating the nodes for path finding during run time - more like path making and more
How can I log key presses in Game Maker?
Shadow-mapping xna
Parallax Background Size
How to make an object fly out of a slingshot?
Where do I find the code for the open-source game Warmux?
How do I find which isometric tiles are inside the cameras current view?
Selecting objects on a 2D map
How do multipass shaders work in OpenGL?
Dynamic body implementation
Loading SpriteFont through a different class than Game.cs
How to display image in second layer in Cocos2d
Choice of open source license for some components, closed source for others
How can I resize a set of sprite images?
Switching songs - MediaPlayer lags the game
IOS OpenGl transparency performance issue
How would I use JBox2d in Java?
Best approach to get clicked objects from a display list (2D)
Problem using ccTouchesEnded/ccTouchesBegan to move sprite in cocos2d-x?
What do I need to program games for the PS3?
Why does my FPS drop gradually over time?
Why wont the LibGDX's main class Initialize on Android Launcher?
Any good smartphone simulators available?
How do I make a collision between AABBs slide?
How do I get the source code from a Google Code game project?
How can I replicate the look and limitations of the Super NES?
When should I decide what language and platforms I will use for a project?
Representing heightmaps, on disk and when drawing
How do I create a save file for a C++ game?
Bukkit inventory saving: crashing somewhere
Bukkit send a custom placed name plate?
Where to store shaders
How do I determine the draw order in an isometric view flash game?
What data should be cached in a multiplayer server, relative to AI and players?
Distributing an Android game with plugins via the market
How to properly scroll a 2D tilemap?
Frustum culling with an octree: one AABB per bone or one AABB per object?
3Ds Max is exporting model with more normals than vertices
Applying effects to an existing program that uses BasicEffect
How to detect 2D line on line collision?
AABB - AABB Collision, which face do I hit?
Arcball Problems with UDK
How is constant buffer allocation handled in DX11?
Drawing a texture line between two vectors in XNA WP7
Bomberman clone, how to do bombs?
Targeting a vehicle with complex movement?
With an iPhone game, can I allow music from other apps to play while my game is being played?
Why wont SVN work on the Google Code Source?
Horizontal wrapping with AndEngine
How do I fix these compiler errors in Apple Crunch?
Implementing invisible bones
Shadowmap granularity
Why doesn't my texture display with this GLSL shader?
How can I calculate a vertex normal for a hard edge?
A Poker Game with XNA
Procedural Mesh: UV mapping
What is causing this behavior with the movement of Pong Ball in 2D?
Can't get LWJGL lighting to work
How can I apply different actions to different parts of a 2D character?
How can I clear explosions in my function?
When is it best to load screens in mobile games?
XNA 4.0 Point Vertex Rendering
source development kit tutorials
What is a good game engine for .NET (or XNA) that does 2d, tile maps, and sprites?
OpenGL + Allegro. Moving from software drawing X Y to openGL is confusing
Velocity control of the player, why doesn't this work?
How to get the rotation matrix to transform between two 3d cartesian coordinate systems?
Knowledge of a Language vs. Games in Portfolio
Can minecraft support an asymmetrical mesh?
What is the best way to code the XNA gameserver for an FPS game?
How do I approach this collision model?
Proper way to do texture mapping in modern OpenGL?
Making a startscreen for an HTML5 game?
How to perform simple collision detection?
Screen space to world space
What C++ libraries can be used in game development
Handling commands or events that wait for an action to be completed afterwards
How to discourage micromanagement in strategy games?
CUDA 4.1 Particle Update
How do I get this effect in Unity3D?
Passing an objects rotation down through its children
Draw Bug 2D player Camera
What are different types of online game formats besides Flash?
Using virtual functions
Can't use the hardware scissor any more, should I use the stencil buffer or manually clip sprites?
glColor3f Setting colour
Unity 3D engine for Ubuntu?
Skeletal Animation - Automatically apply skeleton to model
2D Collision masks for handling slopes
How can I design good continuous (seamless) tiles?
Per-vertex position/normal and per-index texture coordinate
Skewed: a rotating camera in a simple CPU-based voxel raycaster/raytracer
Minecraft style XNA game collision?
When should I be implementing XML documents
What are my tool options to prototype a 2D online multiplayer game?
Do unused vertices in a 3D object affect performance?
How do I load a texture in OpenGL where the origin of the texture(0, 0) isn't in the bottom left?
How to setup my texture cordinates correctly in GLSL 150 and OpenGL 3.3?
Collision rectangle response
Questions about XNA
Why are textures always square powers of two? What if they aren't?
Dropping multiple objects using an array in Actionscript?
Box2D Difference Between WorldCenter and Position
How to highlight non-rectangular hotspots?
Trouble with speed and vectors
Why do I get this file loading exception when trying to draw sprites with libgdx?
Choosing a (browser) game environment
LibGDX tutorial help Scene2D
Where are all the tutorials for libGDX?
Problem with Update(GameTime) Methods and Pause implementation
How to render realistic ice?
Drawing a circle in OpenGL ES Android, squiggly boundaries
How to make an isometric background?
Creating smooth lighting transitions using tiles in HTML5/JavaScript game
Memory allocation strategy for the vertex buffers (DirectX 10/11)
How to properly implement alpha blending in a complex 3D scene?
Balancing agressive invites
Improving the efficiency of frustum culling
Are these non-standard applications of rendering practical in games?
How do I implement a score database in Android?
Components in a client/server network game?
Adding Libxml2 to an Android project under Cocos2D-X
Where can I find a free SDK for C#?
Shader optimization - Cg/HLSL pseudo and via multiplication
Do game studios hire people based on their math knowledge alone?
Is there a standard way to store 3D meshes to easily communicate between libraries?
XNA 2D Board game - trouble with the cursor
Clicking on clues and other objects in a 2D cluedo like game
Dirty 2D map rendering
Desura sales experiences
How do I query a server with visible map tiles?
How to spawn a character at certain point and walk to a set point
In a 2D platform game, how to ensure the player moves smoothly over sloping ground?
OpenGL ES 2.0 gluUnProject
How to pause and resume a game in XNA using the same key?
Problem with Assimp 3D model loader
Drawing lines in 3D space
How can I imitate interaction and movement in Diablo II?
Multiplayer game over internet
Stencil buffer appears to not be decrementing values correctly
Bejeweled-like game, managing different gem/powerup behaviors?
Modifying SAT Code To Obtain Penertration Vector
How can I create tiles that scale to multiple resolutions?
How to create a mini-map in XNA 3?
How to render 2D particles as fluid?
Attributes and Behaviours in game object design
Creating several instances of the same object, and selecting only one
Finding furthermost point in game world
What is the purpose of mesh optimization functions?
Flash AS3 sidescrolling tiles optimization
Whole map design vs. tiles array design
Why can't a blendShader sample anything but the current coordinate of the background image?
What is the best method to serve a real time game on websockets?
Resultant Vector Algorithm for 2D Collisions
How to move a line of sprites in a sine wave?
2D wave-like sprite movement XNA
How to do reflective collisions with particles hitting background tiles?
How can I load .FBX files?
In OpenGl ES 2, should I allocate multiple transformation matrices?
Map displacement transformation to texture space?
Where do I place XNA content pipeline references?
Cutting out smaller rectangles from a larger rectangle
LibGDX Box2D Body and Sprite AND DebugRenderer out of sync
I can't figure out how to animate my loaded model with Assimp
Is there a (family of) monotonically non-decreasing noise function(s)?
Ogre3D particle effect causing error on iPhone
What is a technique for 2D ray-box intersection that is suitable for old console hardware?
Recent mainstream games written in pure C? not C++ what was/is the point?
2D Camera Acceleration/Lag
How do I draw thick lines in XNA 4.0?
XNA extending an existing Content type
Is using the applet class in a Java game a wise thing to do?
Debugging Minimum Translation Vector
What Java class should I use to represent a Vector?
Can I get enough experience to get an industry job just by reading books?
Xna Loading Screens
Turn-based Client-Server Card Game - Unicast (TCP) or Multicast (UDP)
Circle to Circle collision, checking each circle against all others
Getting a sphere to roll down a .FBX object Unity3D/C#
XNA - Saving Game Data without TypeWriter?
Simple GLSL example to render a 2d textured quad?
Following a set of points?
SDL mouse wheel not picking up
How can a NodeJS server be used from Game Maker HTML5?
Draw order in XNA
What is the correct way to use glTexCoordPointer?
New way of integrating Openfeint in Cocos2d-x 0.12.0
How do I draw a 2d plane and rotate camara (To be a board) in a 3d XNA game?
Can J2EE be used to implement games ? Is there any connection between J2EE and games?
How do I repeatedly move an image by 1 pixel?
How would I create an HLSL effect like an animated "working" image?
Bullet physics in python and pygame
Matrix rotation of a rectangle to "face" a given point in 2d
How to track and find entities within radius in realtime game?
How do I convert matrices intended for OpenGL to be compatible for DirectX?
How does a collision engine work?
What are the tools, programming languages and development processes of AAA games?
How do I properly implement zooming in my game?
Cocos2d: Adding a CCSequence to a CCArray
How do I make A* check all diagonal and orthogonal directions?
Is there an engine that allows the use of webcams in an MMO?
Level Editor + Game -> Duplicating rendering/game specific code?
Android Loading Screen: How do I use a stack to load elements?
Any good web frameworks for asynchronous multiplayer games?
How do you blend multiple colors in HSV (polar) color-space?
Any way to set up a grid for a board game in cocos 2d?
Independent HTML5 Physics Game: Any Feedback?
SDL and software/hardware rendering. How to go about it?
Unity3D 3.5 pro - Moving the camera vs setting draw distance
Smoothing found path on grid
How can a pygame image be colored?
How do I shuffle cards for a card game?
What is the proper way to maintain the angle of a gun mounted on a car?
E_FAIL: An undetermined error occurred (-2147467259) when loading a cube texture
What are the pros and cons of a non-fixed-interval update loop?
Why shouldn't templates be used on video game consoles?
Html5 games, what is the standard dimension to use?
About online game servers and how to handle data
How do I consolidate the differences between iOS and Android update loops?
How to add a sound that an enemy AI can hear?
How to load a text file from a server into iPhone game with AS3 in Adobe AIR?
How do I avoid 3D AABB collision response getting stuck at block edges?
Why does calling CreateDXGIFactory prevent my program from exiting?
Objective - Gestures while finger touches screen
How can I use allocators for different systems?
box2d resize bodies arround point
Simple thruster like behaviour when rotating sprite
How to correctly export UV coordinates from Blender
RenderTarget2D behavior in XNA
Using XNA's XML content pipeline to read arrays of objects with different subtypes
Global keyboard states
A* PathFinding Poor Performance
Good practices when optimizing HTML5/Javascript Game Developement
.NET WCF as backend server for iPhone games
Early Z culling - Ogre
How do I move the camera sideways in Libgdx?
Why would anti-aliasing work for the debug runtime but not the retail runtime?
How do you maintain content size vs. content quality in a mobile application?
How to make a ball fall faster on a ramp?
How to render a retro-like pixel graphics from 3d models?
Bone creation in XNA Content Pipeline
Animated dice framework for XNA?
GLSL - one-pass gaussian blur
Xna Equivalent of Viewport.Unproject in a draw call as a matrix transformation
Floodfill algorithm for GO
What is the most efficient way to convert to binary and back in C#?
XNA stopped compiling my model x files
Does Unity have existing support for Timelines?
Navigation using Marmalade
Do I need to implement IPv6 support for my game?
What is the most efficient way to add and remove Slick2D sprites?
Non-random enemy movement implementation
Game maps with "counties" that are split along lines that aren't necessarily straight
How can I generate a texture that looks like left-over tea leaves?
What are the valid DepthBuffer Texture formats in DirectX 11? And which are also valid for a staging resource?
Doing a passable 4X game AI
What are game save files?
Looking for articles/books on: How do games make money? What models do they use?
How to program a cutting tool for 3D model in game
Calculate random points (pixel) within a circle (image)
When does depth testing happen?
Multiple buffering in OpenGL on Windows
Error X3650 when compiling shader in XNA
How to make a scrolling background
Calculating an orbit and approach velocties
Need to make animation whereby the character shatters into a bunch of pieces
XNA - Error while rendering a texture to a 2D render target via SpriteBatch
XNA: Huge Tile Map, long load times
When updating a mesh, does 'glBufferSubdata' belong in the update or render function?
How can I render player movement on a 2d plane efficiently?
Calculating a circle or sphere along a vector
OpenGL 2D Depth Perception
Different texture for multiple resolution
Best way to get elapsed time in miliseconds in windows
OpenGL 2D Depth Perception
How can I import a .3ds file into JMonkeyEngine 3?
JMonkeyEngine display a spatial in a Nifty GUI interface
Which optional features would you recommend for a raytracer?
How do I find the angle required to point to another object?
How do I generate a random curve for landscape (like Worms)?
I am looking to make a spaceship tilt as it corners but I cant get it to return
Programming real time combat
Fast pixelshader 2D raytracing
Random Vector within a cone
Frustum culling code architecture
Newton Game Dynamics: Making an object not affect another object
How do I save data to the iPhone properly and securely? 
How can I tweak this A* search pathfinding algorithm to handle different terrain movement values?
Photon alongside LibGDX
This for array colllision function doesn't work with anything but first object in array
XNA 2D line-of-sight check
Rending 2D Tile World (With Player In The Middle)
How far do I take Composition?
Android: how do I switch between game scenes in a game? Any tutorials?
Why did the old 3D games have "jittery" graphics?
Loading files during run time
How to create Executable Jar
D3D9 Alpha Blending on the surfaces
Send regular keyboard samples OR keyboard state changes over network
How do you cope mentally with one very long piece of work
I am looking to create realistic car movement using vectors
On screen controller for libgdx games?
Why is my primitive xna square not drawn/shown?
Best Tutorials for Learning XNA (VB 2010)
Problems using easing equations in C# XNA
Anyone can suggest some Game Frameworks for GNU/Linux?
How much server bandwidth does an average RTS game require per month?
Duplicating Images in SFML
How to chain actions/animations together and delay their execution?
Finding the contact point with SAT
Lightning whip particle effects
How to avoid game objects accidentally deleting themselves in C++
Automated texture mapping
OpenGL ES multiple objects not being rendered
Optimizing graphics for an iOS flash game
Constrained/penalized distance function
Crash when using datablocks
Using Nifty GUI with Slick2D
How to handle circle penetration
Android frame by frame PNG animation
Slick & NiftyGUI. Nifty initialize exception
UDK/ UnrealScript class interaction? HUD advice?
When should one use the Abstract, Implements, or extends keywords?
JBox2D applyLinearImpulse doesn't work
What is better for the overall performance and feel of the game: one setInterval performing all the work, or many of them doing individual tasks?
Creating new games on Android and/or iPhone
How much to bake user input in a client-server?
How to keep a data structure synchronized over a network?
How can I make video games if I don't like programming?
How do I Fallback to Older DirectX Versions?
Intersection points of plane set forming convex hull
How does flocking algorithm work?
Calculating the 2D edge normals of a triangle
Unsure how to decide ray intersection interval
Box2D platformer movement. Are joints a good idea?
How do I properly use multithreading with Nvidia PhysX?
How to create a "retro" pixel shader for transformed 2D sprites that maintains pixel fidelity?
xml file save/read error (making a highscore system for XNA game)
Drawing Shape in DebugView
Repairing back-facing triangles without user input
Mixing XNA and Silverlight gives wierd graphics
Android device - C++ OpenGL 2: eglCreateWindowSurface invalid
3D Huge mesh rendering
More efficient in range checking
After building a .exe file game view does not show whole viewport
How does the rectangle bounds (x,y,width,height) in libgdx work?
Incorrect results for frustum cull
Canvas tile grid, hover effects, single tilesheet, etc
Make Sprite Jump Upon a Platform
Flip rotation matrix
How should I parse user input in a text adventure game?
Keystone Correction using 3D-Points of Kinect
Realtime rendering using a ray tracing engine
Image Processing in game engines
How can I generate signed distance fields (2D) in real time, fast?
How do I scroll to follow my sprite in the physical world?
How to effectively gather info about how players play my HTML5 game?
OpenGL ES 2 on Android: native window
How to stop a tap event from propagating in a XNA / Silverlight game
Xna, after mouse click cpu usage goes 100%
Difference between the terms Material & Effect
GLSL subroutine not being used
Triangle Picking Picking Back faces
Translate the ModelView matrix, or change vertex coordinates?
Converting a DrawModel() using BasicEffect to one using Effect
2D Tile based Game Collision problem
Android/Java AI agent framework/middleware
Storing game objects with generic object information
What is an efficient packing algorithm for packing rectangles into a polygon?
How to achieve uniform speed of movement on a bezier curve?
How to programatically retarget animations from one skeleton to another?
Architecture of an action multiplayer game from scratch
Is knowledge of hacking mechanisms required for an MMO?
Removing the circle outline rendered on Box2d CircleShape
Good Video Game User Interface Design Books/Websites?
Making XNA Play Nice With 3DS Max, Boundiing Spheres
Fastest way to draw small particles in opengl?
Free physics library?
How do I implement smooth movement in a Box2D platform game?
Data-driven animation states
How to get this wavefront .obj data onto the frustum?
How do I generate a level randomly?
How can i run my .LVE game directly from the lua interpreter?
Efficient path-finding in free space
Random World Generator
Sharing functions across multiple shaders
How to make game sessions like "with friends" games?
Moving multiple objects on a map
When attaching AI to a vehicle should I define all steps or try Line of Sight?
Managing game state / 'what to update' within an XNA game 'screen'
How do I destroy a Box2D body on contact without getting an IsLocked assertion error?
How to integrate ad mob ads in cocos2d android portal?
Procedural generation of seabeds / underwater terrain
How do I communicate with an IronPython component in a C#/XNA game?
Object pools for efficient resource management
BEPUphysics collision with generated terrain?
Countdown Timer for Racing Game
How do I control an animation with a drag command?
Is it possible to programmatically prevent a game from pausing when its window loses focus?
What should I use (controls, methods) to make a 2D tile based map editor?
How do I show a minimap in a 3D world?
Initializing OpenFeint for Android outside the main Application
Why does a physics engine produce different results each run through?
File format for animated scene
Game programming basics under Windows
Passing POD arrays to shader?
Full screen display mode
What algorithm can I use to detect simple shapes in a 4x4 matrix?
How do I draw a scrolling background?
Publishing a game -- any way to target both WP7 and Win8 Store?
Designing generic render/graphics component in C++?
Excluding Background from Color Picking
How to model interentity membership in entity-component architecture?
Learning C++ but wanting to develop iOS Apps
Is knowing physics necessary for game development?
Is it possible to design a multiplayer game which can be played from different devices?
Are there some methodologies to define a game's rules?
Which opcodes are faster at the CPU level?
How are buttons made to be clicked?
How do I dynamically reload content files?
Issues glVertexAttribPointer last 2 parameters?
Open GL Android frame-by-frame animation tutorial/example code
Segment-Cylinder intersection
Is there a tool to make a Spritesheet out of 1000 PNG's?
What would be a good filter to create 'magnetic deformers' from a depth map?
Pixel Collision - Detecting corners
How can I draw an arrow at the edge of the screen pointing to an object that is off screen?
2D Particle Explosion
Parenting Opengl with Groups in LibGDX
Isometric Collision Detection
Loading a series of PNGs as a texture
Is it worth it, to try and prevent cheaters?
Need the co-ordinates of innerPolygon
Draw a projection of a mesh on a surface
Zoom Layer centered on a Sprite
Box2D platformer movement. Should i mess with velocity?
Box2D how to implement a camera?
Receive UDP packet in android
How do I optimize searching for the nearest point?
Open Source Analysis
XNA - Debugging/Testing Individual Sprites and Pixel Collision
Gamestate management without evil Singletons
Zooming to point of interest
Lighting-Reflectance Models & Licensing Issues
Deferred rendering + Shadow maps
How do I pick correct tile in isometric 3D map?
What does "kTriangles/s" mean in hardware graphics benchmark reports?
Game development: Pre-production stage
Billboard rendering without distortion?
Java Slick2d - How to translate mouse coordinates to world coordinates
Android Java rectangle collision detection not working
*DX11, HLSL* - Colour as 4 floats or one UINT
Calculate the direction, From Outer Polygon Point to Inner Polygon inside Point
How can I fade something to clear instead of white?
Thread-safety in Cocos2d-iPhone?
In Box2D, how can I check for bodies within a circle?
Is there ever a time when creating a level/world editor with your game is a bad idea?
Help understand GLSL directional light on iOS (left handed coord system)
GLSL Editor and Debugger for MacOSX with ES2 support
How should I determine direction from a phone's orientation & accelerometer?
Playing a sound on collision?
What is an achievable way of setting content budgets (e.g. polygon count) for level content in a 3D title?
How do I read the an environment map CPU side? (Similar to texCube function on GPU)
Unity3d vector and matrix operations
How do I change a LVE2D game executable's icon?
OpenGL lighting with dynamic geometry
Basic game architechture best practices in Cocos2D on iOS
Purchasing a TV show adaptation rights, how does it work?
Game Development Resources?
I finished "Beginning Android Games", should I use its framework?
Client-side prediction for FPS
Voice Commands Using Microphone
Is game development Subcontracted?
Finding the endpoint of a named bone in Irrlicht
XNA with WPF or Winforms
Problem trying to lock framerate at 60 FPS
Scale DIV with tiles
Good book/resource recommendation for HTML5 mobile game development?
Creating a 2D Line Branch 
Do open world games need less backstory?
Implementing a Risk-style board
free web library for leaderboards / achievements
How common are Rete algorithms in game development?
What is a better abstraction layer for D3D9 and OpenGL vertex data management?
How do I pass vertex and color positions to OpenGL shaders?
Web Card Game , MySQL vs SQLite performance wise
Dealing with 2D pixel shaders and SpriteBatches in XNA 4.0 component-object game engine?
Virtual screen size with libgdx and GLES 2
How do I implement a Bullet Physics CollisionObject that represents my cube like terrain?
How do I make an area in the screen clickable with XNA?
Box2dWeb and Images
Writing a dynamic achievement system without hardcoding rules into the application
PyGame QIX clone, filling areas
Creating a 2D Line Branch (Part 2)
Why can't I create direct3d objects?
3D RTS pathfinding
How do I make the viewport move?
Tile transitions - external vs internal
How do I move a sprite around using tile based movement in Java?
What is a library for event-driven mouse and keyboard input in Java?
Visually coding rpg dialog trees
In some games, we just let the main() loop be the Player object or Table object?
XNA - How do I change the texture of a 2D object?
std::vector::size with glDrawElements crashes?
Displaying a grid based map using C++ and sdl
How do I move an existing display object behind another in Corona Lua?
How do I draw a border around a display object in Corona Lua?
How to avoid the GameManager god object?
Adding cards to a vector for computer card game
How would I achieve diablo like 2D isometric projection?
How to make sure that a Point A moving in the direction V reaches at Point B?
Optimizing gaussian blur with linear filtering
How to get the path of a file after publishing my game
How to expose game data in the game without a singelton?
Keeping crosshairs & GUI onscreen - SFML
Search app store for similar games on pc
How do you decide upon the price for a game?
Region selection in OpenGL
How to update the monsters in my MMO server using Node.js and Socket.IO
Quad Rendering Issue
Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare modding?
Getting one rigidbody to follow another, but still react to stuff Unity3D/C#
My bullet fails to move as it should
How will the velocities of two moving objects change once they collide?
How do you make game objects (enemies, NPCs) move in interesting, non-linear ways? (e.g. shoot 'em up enemies)
How to deal with VBOs when rendering mesh's that may or may not be displayed?
Controlling the snake in a snake game with the mouse
Animating a jellyfish hardcoding?
Best way to create a level editor in java
Help with a Fast 2D Grid-Based world rendering technique
Essentials for building a RTS
How do I create weapon attachments?
How to run my game outside of visual c++
Path finding with identical values
libGDX application does not support 800x480 resolution
c# xna move Image using two Vectors?
What broad-phase collision algorithms are suited to a static tiled world with dynamic objects of different sizes?
Frame Interpolation issues for skeletal animation
Positional sound with headphones?
C# OpenTK - Getting world coordinates of points that are altered by matrices
Games with rubbing/scratching as interaction?
What are Glow Textures?
Vectors and corners of squares
Looking for java project to join
How do I calculate the normal of a plane defined using homogeneous coordinates?
Pointy top hexagonal A* pathfinding
Errors on LibGDX tutorial
Accessing struct in glut
How are "2.5D" art assets created?
Differential programming for a vehicle
Sprite Sheet for Musical Notes?
What's an appropriate difficulty scale for weapon efficacy vs difficulty to obtain?
Prevent players from wallhacking in an online FPS?
What does Skyrim Creation Kit's NPC class do?
Getting the normals of a hemisphere?
Implementing Separating Axis Theorem (SAT) and Minimum Translation Vector (MTV)
Most efficient way to implement walls and shadows in 2d
Android APK export duplicating libgdx assets folder
How to limit the distance of a point?
How do I make a vector exactly reach a line?
Dealing with string memory pollution
How to manage drawing loop when changing render targets
Applications of calculus?
Mobile 3D engine renders alpha as full-object transparency
XNA games freeze when loading too much content
Random Sprite Speed
Creating thrusters on a ship in Unity3D
Relationship between Desktop and Android on LibGDX
What kind of questions should I ask players in a survey after the game?
Random monsters move in-sync instead of individually
How do I break an image into 6 or 8 pieces of different shapes?
Erasing part of lines in libgdx with ImmediateModeRenderer
How do I implement delta-only data packet updates in UDP?
Detecting if line crosses rectangle in python. Need speed boost
Most efficient language for rewriting a tile-based board game as a video game?
Help with fleet combat strategy game AI
What technology does Starcraft 2 use render its maps?
Create apk from libgdx project
How do I create a "wormhole" effect in C# and DirectX
Windows Phone Performance Analysis makes game run faster. Possible reasons?
Reading from a staging 2D texture array in DirectX10
Unity Occlusion Portals: What and How?
How can I orient a circle relative to the position of a 3D object?
Scene Graph Theory
How to remaster a retro game's graphics?
How can I create a set of collision points for an arbitrary mesh?
Simultaneous AI in turn based games
Why am I seeing elapsed game time differ from total game time in XNA?
Intersect of vector and triangle side
What are the tessellation factors Direct3D11?
How do I efficiently manage the pixels, on the screen?
Camera Rotation (for mouse look) with LookAt does not work as expected (Local/Global)
In regards to applet games and UDP
Should iOS games use a Timer?
Staggered Isometric Map In Javascript
How to implement fisheye effect with a GLSL fragment shader
Is there a way to use the facebook sdk with libgdx?
Why is it that there are invalid "dt" values in physics simulations?
Save game state information
Rotating points on a circle
How do I implement a racing clock that shows elapsed time?
XNA ContentManager.Load causes string allocation
Storing server information for an MMORPG
Generate texture for a heightmap
Optimized algorithm for line-sphere intersection in GLSL
Writing to multiple RenderTarget2D's from HLSL shader
Designing an entity system for a tile-based puzzle game
Provide A Scrolling "Camera" View Over A 2D Game Map
Optimizing updating thousands of enemies? (Or break up the enemies that need updated?)
Player sprite moving slower on iPhone 4
what's wrong with this Lua code (creating text inside listener in Corona)
How would I create Dynamic LOD with Quad Trees
Weird problem with advect program in fluid simulator
Elegant way to handle packet loss in a lockstep P2P RTS?
What is the proper term for "permanent world"?
The normal vector to a plane ax+by+cz+d=0?
Camera Coordinate To Screen Coordinate
Client Server what do i need?
Unsure how to move a unit to a point
What is a simple deformer in which vertices deform linearly with control points?
Problems with moving 2D circle/box collision detection
Changing background texture by drawing on it?
Making a Point Light follow a cube (Unity)
Camera target point based on angles
SAT and then what?
Is screenplay for a low budget to no budget indie game necessary?
Directional and orientation problem
Is a Single Texture Cube Map Possible?
Rendering output to arbitary quadrilateral
class diagrams / design for an adventure game (rooms, objects, inventory)?
Connect-three game: Increasing level-of-difficulty as play progresses
Game planning and software design? I feel that UML is not convenient
Grouping units in world space
Physics motor on servers, How a billiard server works?
How to calculate the direction a ball must bounce
elongate or scale limbs of a model in XNA
Calculating a quaternion so a bone points in a specified direction
Change of direction after Collision
game data structures
Java OpenGl Rotating Cube Problem!
How many update and draw calls can a windows phone suppport
DX11 - Weird shader behavior with and without branching
CCSpriteFrameCache: Frame '%s' not found
GLSL Shader Solution for Ambient Occlusion?
Google maps layer for strategic game
How do I create a fire sphere (fireball) in opengl? (opengl Visual C++)
How do I determine the position of one vector relative to another?
Unit selection - logic & screen communication
Is it possible to convert file from Blender 3d to svg?
What technique should I use to create models and animation sequences in OpenGL code?
Pathfollowing with acceleration - centripetal force
openGL managing images, VBOs and shaders
Building for the Android errors Unity3D
Help figuring out how to build for the iOS Unit3D
Would it be too much overhead to keep a HashMap of variables on a server per object for the purpose of syncing object changes with the client?
How do I render using VBOs?
How to make a top down shooter?
Making body (box2d) a sprite (andengine) in Android
World Location issues with camera and particle
How to Translate and Position at the same time?
Implementing simple proportional navigation for a homing missile
XNA Development on PC but Designing for Xbox 360
Bubble shooter falling algorithm
Why set the position of both b2Body and Box2DSprite?
How can I make my program load music from files?
Sprite collisions in android andengine
Storing Player Location/Data in an Online Game
Batching Homogeneous Render Objects in XNA, 2D Component-Entity Engine?
Public Static vs. Instanced Classes
Calculation of Inertia Tensors
Collision Detection Efficiency
Opengl drawing a section of a texture stretched over a quad
How can I do fast Triangle/Square vs Triangle collision detection?
Problems loading Hilva tutorials
Rotating a model AND translating it forward in XNA
Match-3 game level generator
initialising units' properties & upgrades
How do I move a body using the hardware accelerometer?
How to keep track of players nearby other players in an MMO
AS3 hittest with a tweening movieclip, what is the best way?
How do I raycast for a spherical harmonic shader using the iOS GPU?
What should my map creation workflow be for a turn-based tactics game?
How to I create a resource manager?
XNA: How to Flip/Mirror a position over a custom vector?
How should I detect whether or not to enable Anti-Aliasing?
Bones Animation - Matrices and calculations
XNA: Draw Bounding Box around Sprite
how to create a new game like pacman, snake, airplane fight game in C# with xna
XNA transparent objects?
Python float 32bit to half float 16bit
XNA: Good way to queue up animations
Resolution problems when porting a Unity game to Android
2D isometric: screen to tile coordinates
What limits the level of graphic detail in a game?
Path finding algorithms?
FPS Drop after upgrading to XCode 4.3
Word list for use in commercial game
How to accurately score moving averages (indepenent of sampling window)
How do I get the coordinates of a rotated shape in SFML?
How do I stop my game from Skipping Screens?
How do I fairly distribute resources among factories when resources are near exhausted?
SQL Database using Adobe Air
Why did an Android update disable  the textures in my game?
Examples of RESTful Web Services for Browser Games
Reading the memory of a N64
How to implement trading card game's "special effects cards"?
An odd performance problem rendering a simple scene (less than 14k vertices) in OpenGL using two vbos with LWJGL
As3 Character movement in diffrent directions with labels?
Present fails randomly on mixed C++ Direct3D9 app
Translation from one coordinate system to another having Z-offset issues
How do I create selectable menu options in C#/XNA?
What are the advantages of having a real time based physics?
If I want to become a professional game developer, is learning Win32 API a must?
What are the disadvantages of using multiple inheritance to implement components?
Averaging Camera Position
2D sprites not drawing at correct depths?
Can't render to FBO using a shader
Reflect angle on pong clone
Rotating a vector by a quaternion
How do I manage the visibility of enemy spawn locations in a long scrolling shooter?
Pathfinding for a lot of units, mostly random movement
Best practices, extending classes
How to get file paths in XNA 4.0?
Web-based micro-transaction API
How do I find the angle between two vectors?
How do I implement group formations in a 3D RTS?
DirectX Flicker
Accuracy vs distance formula
Can someone explain this Pulsate code to me
Export information to a custom file type from Air
Libgdx Animation Timing
What is the first game I should Develop?
Do I create a first login tutorial for new users?
Setting Orientation of Character in Bullet/Ogre
Shoot a bullet towards cursor - top down 2d
Is storing data via property lists in an iPhone application's documents directory secure?
Mathematics for Game Development Book
2D RPG - Character sprite size bigger than tile size
Inventory Management concepts in XNA game
What is the average team size for mobile games like these?
Light mask map and camera for static lights in XNA Platformer
Best physics engine for OpenGL ES (different implementations)?
AI algorithm for avoiding bullets in a shoot-em-up game
Calculate vertex coordinates
Making a 2d puzzle game like Unblock Me for iOS and need advice.
Prototyping a puzzle game for solvability of levels
Pathfinding for units of variable size
I would really like to write a script for a game, but do I have a chance?
How do I measure time in XNA?
Stuck trying to decompress sections in Minecraft Anvil files (.mca)
Height Map vs 3D Model Mesh
Need help with objects moving toward the player
Scripting: Loading all scripts at runtime vs loading scripts when needed
Unexpected results with D3D9 depth bias
Tessellating/Subdividing a quad
calculate new vertex position given a transform matrix?
Rotation going wrong
Mouse click rectangle doesn't update to actual mouse position
XNA: weird collision behaviour
How to display a tile map from a 2D array in JavaScript?
Converting coordinate systems to/from an isometric game world
3D Collision help
How do I load tmx files with Slick2d?
How to compute the 2D equations of 3D circular arcs?
C# 2D Game Library?
3D/perspective Top down shooter bullet issues
Minimap Around Perimeter of Screen, Code Provided
What is the simplest way to render video into memory (for drawing to a texture) in .NET?
Android and iPhone Global Market Share
Infinite 2D Terrain
How should I structure my turn based engine to allow flexibility for players/AI and observation?
How do I implement a field of vision for AI entities?
3d js map rendering
How to set sprite source coordinates?
Jitter during wall collisions with Bullet Physics: contact/penetration tolerance?
Changing DisplayMode seems not to update Input&Graphic Dimension
Check collision between instantiated objects?
Can adversarial agents flip coins?
What would cause my graphics to stop updating when the mouse is moving?
Are 3D textures used for ground tiles in 2.5D games?
VBO triangle not rendered using Freeglut Opengl 3.x, not understanding the weird fixes
MonoGame Mac installation instructions
How powerful is modern hardware for complex, intensive 2D graphics?
What AI scheme is appropriate for a 4 player, Tic-Tac-Toe style game?
Level creation of Rayman Origins type game?
Model in Maya looks strange, what went wrong?
Camera rotation not working right?
Make objects follow a strict path (Xna)
How do I program a custom FPS overlay in Ogre3D?
Debugging a custom content pipeline processor in XNA?
How do I create modular/replaceable game/engine code interfaces with C++?
Is my understanding of designing games in layers correct?
Database structure for level packs, levels and level information
Geometry Shader and Stream Output with Directx11
Which natural language, other than English, will be most beneficial to an aspiring game developer?
Collisions between moving ball and polygons
Facial expressions capabilities in various engines
How to set blur on mouse over and remove on mouse out in AS3?
std::vector performance for pixel buffers
Dynamic vertex buffer mapping call order
Turn-based JRPG battle system architecture resources
Moving a rotated model in XNA
Implementing an existing (but out of print) game electronically
Primitives does not show on screen
Correct order of operations when enabling/disabling Cg shaders in OpenG
Keeping the camera from going through walls in a first person game in Unity? 
Rotating vector3 by a quaternion
How to create tilted (height) isometric tiles
Detect Mip mapping level in the shader?
Odd offset bug in Farseer/XNA/C#
How do I get the width of a string as it would be displayed on screen?
How to mix effects together?
Is there a book describing how old-school 2D games were programmed?
Algorithm for potential fields
GameObject and Components
jMonkey Quest Database
How do I deploy my JavaScript/HTML 5 to desktop and smartphone?
How to display bitmap using Texture api in android opengl
multiply matrix by vector: what to do if need to change y-up to z-up?
Editing dds mip maps?
Handle Input Processor in Device Back Button and Button as Actor
XNA Calling Variables from separate Classes
Clever way to do the Sonic 2 Bonus Stage effect saving memory
How do I properly check if a particular OpenGL version is available?
RTS engine tick rate
Loading large bitmaps in Android
In Maya how do I convert trans, rot, scale data to a 4 x 4 transformation matrix?
How to make a 2D Terrain with opengl?
Logic to path finding checking
How are advanced graphics effects implemented?
Cropping a line (laser beam) in XNA
How to lead a moving target from a moving shooter
How to draw text on a 3d sphere?
Debug data visualization best practices
In Socket.IO, should I use JSON for communication between server and client?
Smoothly move between bodies
Getting started using C# and Physics (Resources, Tutorials, Samples, etc.)
What would be a good game making engine supporting Vector images?
What are the dangers of self-teaching game development?
HTML5 Canvas Converting between cartesian and isometric coordinates
What is the best way to make UI for an Isometric game in java
Tutorial or Example of creating custom sprite tool/map editor for XNA?
How to design a character animation system?
Resources for game networking in Java
Analytics for PC games: is there anything similar to localytics, flurry, etc?
Loadbalancing Questions
Is Gresham's Law relevant for modern online games that allow the use of real money as additional currency?
Is it possible to combine Blender with PHP?
Optimized rendering of a cube mesh world
Why does creating dynamic bodies in JBox2D freeze my app?
What is the best way to turn image voting into a game?
Timer for pop up text in XNA
string and int concatenation resulting in null for a Tetris clone?
Where in code to for collision? In object class? Mainline code?
How to test a turn-based ios Game Center game with 2 devices?
What are the downsides of only explicitly informing the player of *success*?
OpenGL Texturing Isn't working: displaying just white
Implementing a Turn-Based Game with Windows API Window Messages
XNA create differences in enemies
What should deliverables for a school game project be?
What is a systematic process for choosing a mobile game engine?
Fastest solution to compute normal
Advice on a PHP RPG System
XNA4 - Trouble updating part of a Texture2D
Acceleration based on current speed?
2D AABB vs AABB Sweep : How to calculate hit normal?
What has the most efficient intersection test against an AABB tree - OBB, Cylinder or Capsule?
How can I store a set of concrete components and implement "GetComponent<T>()?"
JBox2D - how to get vertex positions?
3D: First Person Movement
What is the Relative Rarity of Blocks Generated in Minecraft?
How can I link to callback functions in Lua such that the callbacks will be updated when the scripts are reloaded?
OpenGL and Win32 API
How would I successfully split a vector to increase game performance?
Drawing on XNA screen
Is there any JavaScript game library good for mobile gaming?
How can I set the world matrix from an array of floats in D3D9?
Game testing using mock input
Absolute newb Java programmer seeks "dumbed-down" tutorials/resources
What is the best method to use to write and handle multiple levels?
What is a "solver" in a physics engine?
How to invert background pixel's color
Normal Mapping for 3D-Like Lighting in 2D Games
What makes it hard to protect from hacks/bots in BF3 and Quake Live?
CG/CGFX to GLSL
Quaternion rotation
What is the best Broadphase Interface for moving spheres?
What income models are available for Xbox games?
Calculating other objects based on the transform of another
Collision detected on only the latest added tile
3D format or software that stores a vertex normal
ID3D10Device creation failure in release mode
Sphere and AABB intersection
Shadows moving with camera.
Loading content (meshes, textures, sounds) in the background
Why is 3D game development supposed to be so hard?
multiplayer tic-tac toe checking if other player is in game or not
How to compute acceleration by using Kinect device joint positions
Game designer in need of career advice
What data to exchange in multiplayer real time games?
Variants of Entity Component Systems
Accelerate a Bullet on The Right Direction
Steps to take before trying to implement screen space ambient occlusion
How can I architect my game tools to allow for easy extension?
AlphaToCoverage + Alpha Blending = Artifacts
Quaternion to axis-angle, or ripping apart a full transform matrix
How to remotely debug a D3D9 application
XNA Camera 2D confusion
how to attach a body to a rope and making it swing to another rope
C++ Namespace vs Reference passed around like crazy - Implement a quest journal
handling buffers in OpenGL
How can I convert a 2D bitmap (Used for terrain) to a 2D polygon mesh for collision?
Scrolling and Parallax scrolling in 2D game
GLSL shader compilation
match-3, 4, 5, 6? Algorithm for a puzzle match game that will change the number of matches required
"Null Pointer Exception" Animating sprite in cocos2d android
Procedural mesh generation from raytracer
How to setup Cocos2D-X (Android) under Mac OS X?
What is the technical term for animation of a dead body?
How to draw unlimited FPS on Mac OS X with OpenGL?
Designing 1 on 1 battle: improving on Pokemon's model
Designing AI in a 1 on 1 battle similar to Pokemon
XNA game looks laggy below 100 fps?
How can I implement temporary effects in Objective-C?
Why do my point lights disappear when another nearby light is above 1.85 range?
Splitting up duties for a card game server
Attach simple, portable 2D graphics for a c++ game
How do you get a multiplayer-only game to reach critical mass?
How to calculate the viewing cone radius at a distance in raymarching?
Is DXUT deprecated?
Easy way to project point onto triangle (or plane)
Hue, saturation, brightness, contrast effect in hlsl
ray polygon intersection
How to implement Ragdoll physics to 2D characters in XNA?
Human-readable text file format for game parameters
XNA significant loss in fps by just adding a few hundred thousand more triangles?
How to detect whether or not a tile is occupied?
GL11.glTexCoord2f(1.0f, 1.0f); 1.0f screws the image up
UV Mapping in Autodesk Maya 2011 goes wrong
What is the connection between an isometric angle and scale
Which app markets should I deploy my Android game to?
Starting out with OpenGL when most tutorials are out of date
Windows Events lag behind
Library like ENet, but for TCP?
How do I sync multiplayer game state more efficiently than full-state updates?
GLSL default shaders
Scroller game level map advice
Pixel-perfect collision against rotated sprite in Flixel
How is JS source protected in Chrome games?
Pixel-perfect rendering to a rendertarget with a fullscreen quad
How to export deform modifier animation into a game engine?
Ball Physics : Bounce height altered by elasticity of ball and bounce surface
Is SDL too low level for a beginner?
Simple way to post score from my game to Facebook and Twitter?
2D game with 3D models and terrains
Why isn't my lighting working properly? Are my normals messed up?
Ball Physics : Smoothing the final bounces as the ball comes to rest
Runescape Private Server - How does it work?
How to define 648 units, with 22 different values in Java
Rotate 3D cube so nearest side is facing user
Android app: adding background, styles, custom buttons
Nested Sprite Batch and background draw
Drawing 2D Images "3D-Like"
How to position a sprite in a 2D animation skeleton?
Problem with HLSL :TextureCoordinate0 is missing
Promoting a Browser Game?
How to calculate the inverse of a 4*4 opengl transform matrix
Render a polyline with rounded joints
Sort Polygons in order - not working?
Is developing for non-retina iPod Touch/iPhones still worth it for deployment?
3D: How how handle like 500 NPC
Why are the "professional" versions of console SDKs closed to the public?
Is there an SDK to write console apps to simulate an Xbox 360 controller?
Alternatives to multiple sprite batches for achieving 2D particle system depth
AS3: Using singletons for sound managers
Communicating between simulation and rendering in RTS
C# XNA 4.0 Rectangle Rotation Collision
repeating 2D world
Most effective way to manage a gamestate system that is easy to use?
C# multi-player socket server (need clarification/suggestions)
Unity3D - different object with the same mesh imported from Blender
How should I structure my Tetris clone's code?
Infinite time of rotation
Is it possible in HLSL to use bitfields?
Pygame window becomes unresponsive when I click it
When is it the right time to start teaching collision detection?
Feasible 4D first person gameplay
What are "view frustum", "focal length" and near plane distance?
Why Inverse Transform the Ray when doing Transformation?
C# Perlin noise - generating endless terrain chunks?
what is the difference between CCSprite and a PhysicsSprite?
Is there a definitive reference on Pinball playfield design?
Moving a sprite accelerometer
Player Ranking System
Scaling Model in XNA, keep position
Game states affecting each other's objects
CCSprite x and y comparison
How to save an arbitrarily large image to a file in XNA?
XNA: int as Vector2 so i can move sprite
Shooting intervals with variable framerates
Smooth Camera Offsets
OpenAL seems to ignore sound attentuation/orientation for long sounds
XNA - Drawing zoomed 2D sprites
Resource transportation network
Unity3D: Touch and Objects have different coordinate systems
Having troubles with LibNoise.XNA and generating tileable maps
How can I make my program get a username?
Why does OpenGL require all coordinates in [-1,1] (NDC)?
Calculation of a fight with many entities
Managing the base HP of a game
How can I stop my Jitter physics meshes being offset?
XNA: weird effect by matrixTransform of spriteBatch on isometric tile
DevIL image library isn't loading my image
XNA:Rectangles Movement Behavior
Determinism in multiplayer simulation with Box2D, and single computer
Will a polled event system cause lag for a server?
Collision with tile corners/seams in 2D platformer
Creating movement path displays in a top-down 2d RTS
locking on target
How can I generate random lakes and rivers in my game?
2D Physics in a networked game (iOS)?
Creating an object in javascript with unity (unityscript)
How to turn a 3d camera (in HTML5 2D Canvas)
Initializing entities vs having a constructor parameter
Collision, then what?
What is the best way to handle MouseEvents in AS3?
Drawing multiple Textures as tilemap
Does Unity Pro Play Nice With 'Small' Teams
How to get more than one window in Java LWJGL
Can you store negative numbers with XNA HLSL?
XNA: Networking gone totally out of sync
Tile map/terrain implementation with differing heights of neighbouring tiles
Advice on OpenGL 2.1
How do I check to see if a tile corner is visible in 2d space?
Tools for Sprite generation? 3D Blender model for Sprites -generation?
Sound Delay With AVAudio Player
Changing location after CommitAnimations
Game programming: common methods and design patterns
GameStateManagement and inputs not being recognized
Game State with sqlite + MySql
Stress testing a game server without users?
How do you chase a changing value with ease in and ease out
How to manage different speed of actions in RogueLike games?
How to apply impulse to a body to make it fly away?
Organize a game set
Events and objects being skipped in GameMaker
Distribute XNA as a standalone zip or exe (no installer needed)?
HTML5 Canvas game viewport
Minecraft custom name laucher
Scrolling Text in jMonkey
Should I use a VBO if the vertex data changes from time to time?
How can I add a parallax effect into my side-scrolling game?
GameplayScreen does not contain a definition for GraphicsDevice
Is there a problem with using a 2D square grid for your world map?
Client Server UDP Jumping
Is there a way to setup an Android game project with a large assets during development to allow for fast testing/iteration?
Character jumping movement in isometric tile
Angle range detection
How does an AI determine the bearing to follow within a nav mesh?
How to pathfind over an obstacle?
How do I keep an MMO synchronized?
Child transforms problem when loading 3DS models using assimp
First person camera is somehow "magically" expanding
D3D11 Multiple Render Targets
Snake game - collision detection causing new position of apple to be rendered multiple times
Simple Java networking game engine
How to save a game state?
Drawing over objects occasionally leaving relics behind
Specific Physics Lessons and Reference for Game Development
How to move a sprite in a straight line in XNA?
Where can I Find Free TOS or Privacy Policy Templates?
Slick2D drawString with coordinates from bottom-left corner
How can I efficiently store tilemaps in work memory?
Farseer: ApplyForce problem
Fix my Farseer collision detection code
Where to start creating a 2d rain simulation with OpenGL ES 1.1?
How to fix issue with my 3D first person camera?
A* pathfinding for an isometric map
HLSL - Creating Shadows in 2D
Random generation of realistic human faces
OpenGL : Suggestion on handling collision detection and vertex data?
Earth's rotation along it's axis
How do I determine which side of the player has collided with an object?
Networking for RTS games with lockstep using UDP
Detecting wins in peer to peer RTS games like Starcraft
Client-Server RTS networking with lockstep and lag
isometric tile - How would I apply effect on only specific part of a sprite?
Transform Matrix multiplication order
Updating object position
What constraint (if any) limits crowd animation variety?
Issue with removing sprites on collision
Fog with Blend in OpenGL
Time reverse mechanism in games
Continuous Movement of gun bullet
Adding gesture recognizer (or dragging) to CCSprite
How to implement HUD
Open GL ES 2.0 with Android
Can I develop a game using C++ and deploy to XBOX 360?
Opengl tutorials
Mochi Media leaderboards with Facebook integrated?
Do UDK mutators only apply on local games?
How do I apply pixel shader to specific sprite in XNA 4.0 in a spritesort FrontToBack?
Find a Rectangle by coordinates - XNA
Basic post-processing shader problem
Audio programming resources
Texture displays on Android emulator but not on device
Why can't I see how many installs my game has on its Google Play page?
Tile walking algorithm for already known set of walkable tile?
Dynamically Discovering Game Content
Why can't I expose a Plane variable in my unity script?
most efficient way to create a grid system in unity
Rotate 3D camera relative to what's on screen (in threejs)
Simple question about a cocos2d based game template
AndeEngine Parallax / Sprite Depth?
Can browser based games be developed without JS/Flash?
ball 2d animation
SDL & Windows 8 Metro WinRT
Class design for instantly switching between free-roaming world to/from battle world?
Managing lists of different types of entities  - is there a better way?
Monetizing an Android library?
Geometry shader questions?
Can glTexImage2D() use an already existing memory block?
Sliding collision response
Destroying instantiated objects stored in a list not working in Unity
HTML5 Canvas fillStyle as numbers not text
Blending Two different animations
Do I need to roll my own polygon segmentation algorithm to automate Box2d body creation from a tile map?
How do I prevent my platformer's character from clipping on wall tiles?
Winning isn't everything (organic Hierarchy)
Creating online game for android
How can i make my program use 2 windows?
How to implement physics and AoE spells in an MMO game?
Getting isometric grid coordinates from standard X,Y coordinates
Undeviating bullet in AndEngine
Rotate object Up/Down/Left/Right in any orientation
Parallel rendering in DirectX 9 in WPF application
Touchscreen panning in OpenGL ES 2.0
How should I do my collision response?
Camera placement sphere for an always fully visible object
Programming an Artificial Agent in Open Arena
canvas ball physics animation
UI Automation for Flash Games
Method for procedurally creating spawn points
What are the maths behind 'Raiden 2' purple laser?
Can I use PBOs for textures in iOS?
My GLSL shader isn't compiling even though it should. What should I investigate?
Animated light effects in games
FPS networking with server sending input instead of gamestate
How can I optimise collision checks for a large number of AI units?
Constant rotation of a revolute joint in box2d
Drawing hexagonal grid on Android
Could someone explain why my world reconstructed from depth position is incorrect?
GLSL mesh discard command?
Deactivate keyboard input on collision
Game resources storing
Can the solar system be accurately represented in 3d space using doubles (or longs)?
Tactics for moving the render logic out of the GameObject class
Shader compile log depending on hardware
TF2 plugin signature (Source SDK)
Silly question about perspective correct texture mapping
Swept AABB vs Line Segment 2D
How do I compile Half Life 1 for Windows?
How to make multiple levels game in XNA game studio 4.0?
How can I apply an overlay effect to a sprite in XNA?
OpenGL Blending GUI Textures
Determining and culling non-visible vertices
How do I make a video preview of my Android game?
Detecting collision on a grid with a fast-moving object
For the handling of buildings on a tile-based strategy game, what aproach should I use?
Why does XNA's ContentManager follow generic type parameters for serialization purposes?
Missing z-axis rotation for transforming between two vectors
Calculate Costs for Buildings
How can I avoid "bleeding bullets"?
Game Logic - Tree Based Game Design
Store data on server or only in database?
Implementing game state without switch statements everywhere?
Choose tile based on adjacent tiles
Multiple, independent animations for one character
Changing the size of shuriken particle effects to simulate a torch flame Unity3D
How do I sync entity ids with the server and client?
How to make a registration for my game?
in box2d how to decrease joint's reaction force?
Build / Destroy function design & security checks
How to mix textures in DirectX?
Design patterns in Game Physics
Remove gravity from single body
Algorithm for constructing the corners of a regular, n-sided polygon
JointDef Modify at Runtime
Validating multiplayer actions when using Javascript Game Engines client-side
Create the right pom.xml for LWJGL and Slick Project (Maven)
How to develop XBox 360 games?
XNA server client model
2D Animation Smoothness - Delta time vs. Kinematics
Add delay between player jumps
Paddle will not *continue* to move, pong game, XNA
Platforms collide-able on one side only
Minesweeper: Mouse listener problem
Convert Flash game to work on Android devices
Framerate control and physics engines?
Alpha blending without depth writing
Puzzle game: clipping of non-convex polygons on the figures
How to make a character jump?
Pixelated and incomplete image when loading with pygame.image.load
AS3 Symbol not showing returns no errors?
How can I more efficiently write my Math-Code in AS3
Distance to a sphere, in Screen Space
How do mobile mmo's deal with the graphical resources?
How to load chunks of 2d map segments when player reaches a certain point?
What Do I Pass for inputGeometryTransform Parameter of ID2D1Geometry::CompareWithGeometry?
Stack based state design for isometric character movement, am I doing it right?
Synchronizing Movement in an MMO
Object-oriented Snake game design
Opponent car logic in race games
How do I keep user input and rendering independent of the implementation environment?
Circle inside circle collision
Correct way to handle path-finding collision matrix
where can I get people to create project with me?
How to randomly create stars in the background?
How to rotate an object so it stands correctly (back always facing the camera)
Adding a short delay between bullets
glScalef - game math issue
Are bounding volumes created by artists?
in/out keywords in GLSL
What's the difference between a "Release" Xbox 360 build and a "Debug" one?
XNA: Rotating Bones
How to iterate through a list of enemies and display results?
Map a fbx model between 2 VertexPositionColor Positions
Orthographic Camera Zooming
How does having the Debugger change the game execution on an XBOX 360?
2D Tile-based Collision Detection
SDL for 3D game programming?
Selling Android apps from Android-Market-unsupported countries
Randomly generated track
as3 flash game: How to stop gotoAndPlay('label') from looping?
Sorting objects before rendering
Server Client position information exchanging
How can I prevent text rendering from looking ugly when in motion?
Tool for editing sprites contour pixel alpha value
Converting designs from photoshop/flash/after effects into code
Score vs. Kills in a casual game
Linear movement over a Bzier curve
Best way to calculate unit deaths in browser game combat?
One-way platforms in UDK
Multiplayer Game Data Serialization Problems
Can't run Nvidia PracticalPSM sample in debug mode
Box2d Collision problem
How do I produce "enjoyably" random, as opposed to pseudo-random?
What kind of graphics would you like better? [ pictures ]
Fitting Android game to different screen sizes
Problem rendering a Wavefront mesh, nothing displays(VBO)
Is continuous loop best idea for Android OpenGL game?
Loading enemies in a 2d platformer
Handle many lights in a scene (with shaders)
Frustum Culling/Only rendering what's viewed by the Camera in HTML5 Canvas?
CUDA 4.1 Update
Is client-side prediction supposed to cause lag?
'Real' AI that learns in games
Dynamically Deformable Terrain In Game Engine
Word for the combination of location and orientation (other than transform)
If I make a 3d model in a .fbx format, do I owe any royalties/fees to autodesk for using fbx files in Unity?  
Pathfinding using nodes/waypoints without connecting them?
a simple 2D rectangle collision algorithm that also determines which sides that the rectangles collide?
Separating game logic from animation
Rotation angle based on touch move
Cocos2d particle system
Exporting the frames in a Flash CS5.5 animation and possibly creating the spritesheet
What Program Was Used To Make Call Of Duty?
Ruby/SDL vs. RUDL
Spritesheet per pixel collision XNA
Moving Unit Parallel to Mouse in TBS Game
How to place rooms proceduraly (rule based) on in a game word
Intersecting Ray with Extruded 2D Shapes (e.g. Extruded Text)
MonoGame: PC + Mobile?
XNA 4.0 SpriteFont not displaying all Characters
What's the best way to keep battle log in a browser based game written in PHP?
What do I need to reload after a device reset?
Power Distribution amongst connected nodes
How do I properly use String literals for loading content?
What implications does JIT (javascript/canvas) vs. AOT (Flash) have in terms of browser based game performance?
Box2d debug render
Circular class dependency
Ragdoll continuous movement
How can I do Mouse Selection In OpenGL 3.0?
"Unable to create OpenGL 3.3 context (flags 0, profile 1)"
Tile map collision is not working properly
How can I implement 2D cel shading in XNA?
Serverside memory efficiency and threading for a turn based game
HTML5 Canvas Game Timer
Finding inspiration / help for making up (weapon) names
How to make a beam follow a path in xna
Port libgdx application to iOS
GLSL compile error when accessing an array with compile-time constant index
How to handle dynamic unit color?
Collision detection in multiplayer games
Handling different screen densities in Android Devices?
Position sprite at center of screen
How to shoot a triangle out of an asteroid which floats all of the way up to the screen?
What are milestones for a game developer to gauge their progress?
Alternative ways to make a battle system in a mobile indie game more fun and engaging
Libraries for multi threading
Text based game in XNA
Triangles in a C++ STL Vector as an Objective-C member sometimes draws incorrectly in OpenGL ES
Lighting with VBO
Android development in Unreal with an existing project
From simple physics with a ball, to a more complicated shape
Is using the student version of 3DS Max and Unity3d legal?
Create edges in Blender
Where can I pay artists to make models for my game?
How to render axometric/isometric tiles that are a 2d array in logic, but inclined 45 visually?
Which techniques to study?
Running one action on multiple sprites simultaneously
First time shadow mapping problems
Simple collision detection for pong
What file formats and conventions should I support to make my game engine artist-friendly?
How can I load a large tile map with cocos2d?
Coding different states in Adventure Games
Is it possible to billboard a sprite using a transformation matrix?
How do I get the correct values from glReadPixels in OpenGL 3.0?
Which K-factor should be used in case players have different K-factor values
Drawing text from update method in XNA
What's a way to implement a flexible buff/debuff system?
How can I calculate DeltaTime in seconds?
Implementing a switch statement based on user input
OpenGL: glGetError() returns invalid enum after call to glewInit()
Maintain proper symbol order when applying an armature in flash
How do I create a bounding frustum from a view & projection matrix?
Particle effect after the bullet
3D Studio Max biped restrictions?
Units of measurement in a tile world
Render 2D textures on a 3D object's face
How do I implement fog of war in a tile-based game?
Does use of simple shaders improve performace/battery life?
Retrieving model position after applying modeltransforms in XNA
pygame.Rect around circle
Checkers AI Algorithm
Help Decide between C#/XNA client or Java
Question about JPanel "transition" for Java Swing
How important is c# for game programming?
List has no value after adding values in
How many textures can usually I bind at once?
What are the possible options for AI path-finding etc when the world is "partitionned"?
Type Object does not support slicing Unity3D
Building a shape out of an Texture with Farseer
Farseer: Only allow the collision one time with the object
Quake 3 Bot Programming Example
Problem with drawing textures in OpenGL ES
How do I get my polygons to be lighted by either side?
Material usage, one per model or per object?
Is it better to cut and store all sprites needed from a spritesheet in memory, or cut them out just-in-time?
Collision representation in game overworlds
Creating a steady rhythm for music-based game in XNA
How to update a game off a database
What calls trigger a new batch?
Can a local multiplayer iOS game display differently for each device?
Moving 2d camera in the y direction
Defining the track in a 2D racing game
XNA 4 game for both profiles
Disposing of ContentManager increases memory usage
Why don't more games use vector art?
Can't remove JPanel from JFrame while adding new class into it
Frame independent acceleration
Delaying a Foreach loop half a second
As a indie, how to protect your game?
How can I save state from script in a multithreaded engine?
This code is of chess game. What is represented by 'DISTANCE' in code?
With Slick, how to change the resolution during gameplay?
Can I run into legal issues with random names?
How can I run a .jar file with XNA?
Linear search vs Octree (Frustum cull)
Render full-screen gradient or texture
Quaternion Camera Orbiting around a Sphere
Calculating up-vector to avoid gimbal lock using euler angles
Why do I get an exception when playing multiple sound instances?
rotating an object on an arc
How to play the sound of an object sliding on another object for a variable duration
Loading levels from .txt or .XML for XNA
OpenGL align grid like glOrtho but with gluPerspective?
Efficiently checking input and firing events
How should bots be recognised in a game?
Building a shape out of two rectangles
Should my game handle collisions in the Player object?
What is the kd tree intersection logic?
Connecting tiles to make a large image based on text file
Best way to use Raknet from C#?
How to decompose a rectangular shape in a Voronoi diagram, only generating convex shapes?
Multiple render targets and pixel shader outputs terminology
Rotate point by a direction vector
Calculating instantaneous speed and acceleration for a simple car software model
Turn-based tile game dynamic item/skill/command script files
Steps/tutorials to get into Android Game Development
Can I animate render targets or the swap chain?
What are some free online game design courses?
How to load a terrain of connected caves into bullet-phisics engine?
Alternatives to a leveling system
How should I structure a design document?
Animating isometric sprites
Android Game Development problem with Speed = Distance / Time 
How To show document directory save image in thumbnail in cocos2d class
A* algorithm very slow
Custom Fonts in cocos2d
Question about mipmaps + anisotropic filtering
Detecting extremely fast joystick button presses?
Game engine that allows for objects being placed in-game
Particle Effect Completion
glTranslate, how exactly does it work?
How do I draw shape distortion with a Texture2D in XNA?
Loading class instance from XML with Texture2D
Collision Detection Problems
Drawing an outline around an arbitrary group of hexagons
Run FSX (Flight Simulator) on remote desktop
Customize Colors for Sprites in Web Game
Do rendered-to-textures need to be bound when being drawn to?
What legal matters do I need to consider when releasing an MMO?
Cost to licence characters or ships for a game
Understanding how OpenGL blending works
Optimization and Saving/Loading
Is there a repository of game logic algorithms?
Making a clone of Starcraft legal?
Will making players pay a virtual currency before entering a match discourage them from playing?
How to animate the sprite along with action in Cocos2d?
What applications can I use to generate music?
Making a surface transparent from blackness of texture
Hidden Loading with UDK
3D zooming technique to maintain the relative position of an object on screen
Interpolation gives the appearance of collisions
Is it possible to extract textures or sprites from compiled game files?
Drawing lots of tiles with OpenGL, the modern way
Where can I find affordable legal advice for game software related inquiries?
Changing the culling mode in the HLSL effect
Exporting UV coords from Blender
3DS Max exporting too many vertexes for model
What is the benefit of triple buffering?
"Untangle"-Game AI
Using model tools as map editor
Grid pathfinding with a lot of entities
Calculating an experience formula
Can't export Blender model for use in jMonkeyEngine SDK
Straightforward guidelines for converting OpenGL to OpenGL ES?
How To Approach 360 Degree Snake
Calculating AABB's Origin
HTML5 Canvas Tileset Animation
Dynamically load images inside jar
How much does game development mathematics change over time?
How would I move an object using its velocity on a closed curve?
Store and create game objects at positions along terrain
How to achieve best performance in DirectX 9.0 while rendering on multiple monitors?
Vector-based fonts vs. bitmap fonts in (2d) games?
How to detect GLSL warnings?
OpenGL ES 2 - glSwapBuffers?
How can I get the front buffer into a texture on the GPU?
How can I simulate multiple depth channels?
How to request a specific OpenGL version?
Rotating Sprite around Y-Axis (2D)
Create plane matrix from three 3d points
Platformer Starter Kit - Collision Issues
Slide down transparent CCScene
How can I Implement KeyListeners/ActionListeners into the JFrame?
Is it a good idea to make a game for one aspect ratio and arbitrary screen resolution?
How often should multiplayer games communicate with the server?
Shaders in Cocos2d 2.0
Game Programming Resources for Programmers
How do people get around the Carmack's Reverse patent?
How do I approach large companies if I have a killer mobile game idea?
Which image format to use for sprites in an HTML5 game?
How to make players be creative in a game, if the game cannot evaluate it?
Solving 2D Collision Detection Issues with Relative Velocities
Is there a standard way to track 2D tile positions both locally and on screen?
Bitwise operators in DX9 ps_2_0 shader
Java - 2d Array Tile Map Collision
3d Picking under reticle
Can game designers or developers be addicted to online games?
Make a CCSprite come up from bottom of the screen in intervals
iPhone game development
What kind of physics to choose for our arcade 3D MMO?
Bounding volume hierarchy - linked nodes (linear model)
Change density of the body dynamically
Pass information between states in slick 2d?
How do I determine if one polygon completely contains another?
How to determine counter-clockwise vertex winding
What cryptography algorithm I can use in my game?
Is it possible to index different vertex attributes with different index buffers?
Setting a Box2D Bodies Center?
Database & Physics in hand. How do render through web?
What does the Sys_PageIn() function do in Quake?
Image 1 becomes image 2 with sliding effect from left to right?
Issues with networking in my Java game, Client crashes when I try and read from the server input
How would I translate screen coordinates to Isometric coordinates?
SV_POSITION in pixel shader
how do i make the JS/jquery tic tac toe squares only clickable once?
Simple OpenGL program major slow down at high resolution
Selecting all the points in a ray
How to select an image on the J2ME Canvas
3D collision detection with meshes using only raycasting?
How to simulate a water splash effect?
Cocos2D: Change animation based on joystick direction
Framerate limitation
OpenGL FBO to OpenCV image
Play videos with LibGDX
Vectors from matrix
Load individual sprite from a sprite sheet and make it a FlxSprite
How to fix OpenGL Co-ordinate System in SFML?
What graphic programs are used in Wind-up knight
How to determine collision direction between two rectangles?
How should I track real-time resource generation in a client-server scenario?
How do I make camera move at same speed when rotating and moving forward
Matrix loading problems with jbullet and lwjgl
Queueing up character actions
Particle System in XNA - cannot draw particle
Observer Pattern Implementation
How to keep my Quaternion-using FPS camera from tilting and messing up?
Game programming course materials: What should it include?
How can I create a rain effect?
Recasting and Drawing in SDL
Viewport / Camera Calculation in 2D Game
How do I set a touch listener in a child scene in AndEngine?
Why does setting a geometry shader cause my sprites to vanish?
iOS Game Development on PC?
Which is the best DirectX 9 SDK version?
How To Smoothly Animate From One Camera Position To Another
Xna performance
multi-dimension array problem in RGSS (RPG Maker XP)
How can I make my main character move in a parabolic arc when jumping?
How do I make my rain effect look more like rain and less like snowfall?
Javascript A* path finding
how should I network my turn based game?
Should I used Box2D for a Flash platformer or use something for gaming like Fixel or Flashpunk?
How do I connect the seams between my terrain?
Starting Game Programming in C++, where to begin for optimal cross-platform development?
Java Anti-Cheat Framework?
How to break out of if statement
How to calculate continuous motion with angular velocity in 2d
Do I need to use the Kinect SDK to develop for Xbox?
Positioning a sprite in XNA: Use ClientBounds or BackBuffer?
Effectively implementing a game view using java
How to integrate the game editor with the engine?
Move a 2D square on y-axis on Android GLES2
Implement Fast Inverse Square Root in Javascript?
Victory rewards in digital CCG
Isometric to screen, screen to isometric for irregular projection
Space & Sound? Defying Physics?
How do I convert sin, cos and tan into an int in Java?
Interpolation between two 3D points?
Is there a way to export all the images of my tweening effect in Flash?
Best practices in managing character states
Where can I find tutorials for LWJGL?
XNA Skinning Sample - exporting from Blender recognize only first animation clip
What is the appropriate way of placing game objects in a 2d game?
How can I keep track of a battle log on a web game?
What web technology could I use which would support a decision tree?
Solution for lightweight LAN peer discovering?
Circular motion on low powered hardware
Is the city of the GTA, L.A. Noire, Assasins Creed or Saint Row games considered a level?
Continuous integration: Do I need it?
How can I select an audio output device in directshow
RevoluteJoint Stop Rotating when Some Physics Body Collide in Andengine + Box2d?
Vector reflect problem
Higher Performance With Spritesheets Than With Rotating Using C# and XNA 4.0?
Corona SDK: Animation takes a long time to play after "prepare" step
Extremely simple online multiplayer game
Simple 2D Flight Physics with Box2D
Creating a good looking interface for a Java CCG?
Xcode workspace with Unity3D as a sub-project?
What could cause a pixel shader to paint outside the lines of the vertex shader output?
Is AGS outdated for Point & Click Adventures?
Small adventure game
OpenGL Tessellation makes point
Storing and sending English word list using trie data structure
Handling game states like Braid's timeshift or Shooter's Killcam
How to detect collisions between bullet and alien
Not getting desired results with SSAO implementation
Action button: only true once per press
Smooth vector based jump
Engine Start and Stop Show Abnormal Behaviour
How should I store a Game Database on Android?
Complex shading using one single (small) texture
Basic AI FSM - Handling state transition
How to draw a global day night curve
Fastest pathfinding for static node matrix
Understanding how to go from a scene to what's actually rendered to screen in OpenGL?
Tetris : Effective rotation
Can you run OpenGL 2.0 on modern machines?
Unity: Spin wheels to move vehicle
Implementing powerups for my Breakout clone
Slopes in 2D Platformer
Problem with AssetManager in libgdx
Collision detection with non-rectangular images
Transform 3d viewport vector to 2d vector
Play Now via website vs. download & install
Creating a new instance, C#
Handling hitboxes
Realistic planetary terrain generation with weights
Top down water view, cocos2d
What are examples of games with "minimalist" models/art assets
How to load data for specific level at runtime?
Moving Character in C# XNA Not working
OpenGL 2.1+ Render with data returned form assimp library
Position Reconstruction from Depth by inverting Perspective Projection
Detecting Units on a Grid
What advantages does DirectX 11 have over DirectX 10?
Thread safe double buffering
Quaternion dfference + time --> angular velocity (gyroscope in physics library)
Sprite sorting issues
What is this JavaScript gibberish?
What's the quickest way to make sprite sheets
How to adjust the shooting angle of an object
Assigning a colour to imorted obj. files that are being used as default material
Different iPhone screen resolutions and game graphics
Camera rotation - First Person Camera using GLM
Rotation based on x coordinate and x velocity?
How to deal with animated doors in isometric tiles
3DS Max MassFX -- Animation to XNA without bones/skins?
Override close button
how to transform child elements position into a world position
How to handle cutscenes in XNA?
Best peer-to-peer game architecture
DrawImage doubt
Is it better to hard code data or find an algorithm?
How can I view an R32G32B32 texture?
Trouble with SAT style vector projection in C#/XNA
How are realistic 3D faces created and animated in video games?
Issues implementing arcball viewer
Using two joysticks in Cocos2D
Bejewelled Next Best jewel selection
Different methods of ammo resupply
What techniques can I use to render very large numbers of objects more efficiently in OpenGL?
Rendering two textures with blending and alpha test
XNA Spritebatch sorting by texture vs depth
OpenGL: Drawing to a texture
Elliptical orbit modeling
Scaling window contents in Pyglet?
Textures on top of other textures when using VBOs
How to prioritize related game entity components?
How to handle animations?
Texture switching with a entity system
QuadTree: store only points, or regions?
Slick2D - Cannot instantiate the type Image
What is a normalized Vector?
Amazing Jutsu (Technique)
Moving while doing loop animation in RPGMaker
Essential 2D engine features
Extra fire simulation on iPad device
How to snap a 2D Quad to the mouse cursor using OpenGL 3.0?
What kind of performance issues does multiple instances of the exact same object have on a game?
Smoothing rotation
How do I draw a single Triangle with XNA and fill it with a Texture?
DirectWrite Producing Strange Artifacts?
Algorithm to reduce a bitmap mask to a list of rectangles?
Help with converting an XML into a 2D level (Actionscript 3.0)
Strange mesh import problem with Assimp and OpenGL
Calc direction vector based on destination vector and distance from enemy in AS3
Estimate angle to launch missile, maths question
What is the better approach to redraw a static background scene for game?
How to run around another football player
Ray Picking Problems
How to cull liquids
Recommended method towards making custom maps for a 2d game?
Can i make money with my Android Engine or should I focus on game-making?
How to port animation from one skeleton to another?
Undeclared Scope in Rock Paper Scissors Simple Game
Simple game in Android
Using elapsed time for SlowMo in XNA
Are native code obfuscations needed to prevent piracy of Android games?
How to perform efficient 2D picking in HTML5?
How to create reproducible probability in map generation?
Better way to go up/down slope based on yaw?
XNA texture stretching at extreme coordinates
How can I improve my isometric tile-picking algorithm?
Build-time GLSL syntax validation
What fluid simulation system is used in iPhone games?
What is an acceptable GC frequency for a SlimDX/Windows/.NET game?
Attaching two objects and changing their world matrices accordingly
Will my game engine be compatible with physics engines?
How can I better implement A star algorithm with a very large set of nodes?
FreeType2 Crash on FT_Init_FreeType
Convert a .fbx to a .x model
JigLibX collision detection only once
Scrolling background stops after awhile?
How to structure game states in an entity/component-based system
Using Copyrighted Images
XNA: Networking, what is a good bytes per second sent/received number
Updating texture memory via shader?
Is it possible to construct a cube with fewer than 24 vertices
Cocos2D 2.0 - masking a sprite
How to utilize miniMax algorithm in Checkers game
Transform 3D vectors between coordinate systems
Drawing a dynamic indicator for a field of view
How do I structure a 2D platform level?
Adjust sprite bounds of the visible part of texture
Game Development Institute?
Physics from other games
Logic behind greedy Spider game?
Dynamic quadrees
rotating menu with Actors in libgdx
How can I go about learning to write a shader
How can I generate a 2d navigation mesh in a dynamic environment at runtime?
Collision detection - player gets stuck in platform when jumping
How to move an object along a circumference of another object?
Tic-Tac-Toe game AI
Complex collisions in pygame
What is the best practice for future proofing my editor enumerations?
Blending effect on textures
Image with FadeIn effect blinks when added to scene
Can frequent state changes decrease rendering performance?
Random map generation
Handling various frame layouts in Android
How many BasicEffects do you have in a Game? What is the best way to render multiple objects/shapes at once?
How do you create a cbuffer or global variable that is gpu modifiable?
Need to combine a color, mask, and sprite layer in a shader
Road / river generation on 2d grid map
Any recommended books/resources on component-based design?
Split a 2D scene in layers or have a z coordinate
How to balance this Pokmon simulator metagame by feedback?
Cocos 2D - Hold down CCMenuItem
Is there an ideal width to height ratio?
What are some good examples of exuberant in-game instructions for telling the player to repeatedly smash a button?
Get all triangles that are < N dist from you?
Panning with the OpenGL Camera / View Matrix
How to synchronise the acceleration, velocity and position of the monsters on the server with the players?
Is this masters course worth taking?
How can I track the frame rate on a mobile device?
Blur gets displaced compared to original image
2D animation example in pyglet (python) looping through 2 images/sprites every x seconds
Question about BoundingSpheres and Ray intersections
Algorithm for creating spheres?
One single texture atlas?
How do I get FEATURE_LEVEL_9_3 to work with shaders in Direct3D11?
How to Move a Player in a Tile-Based RPG
How can I draw a "vision cone" (targetting element) into the game world?
Trying to make a game with C++, using lists to store bullets and enemies, but they are not erased
Manually updating HTML5 local storage?
Making a physicalized melee weapon
Game Editor - When screen is clicked, how do you identify which object that is clicked?
Camera not working
What is a correct step by step logic of exporting scene with baked occlusion for loading it at runtime?
Android / IPhone / Desktop C++ Game Template
Cocos2d: Tongue effect like in Munch Time
Drawing simple geometric figures with DrawUserPrimitives?
Blender 2.6: How to Undo 3D Cursor Movement
Node.js MMO - process and/or map division
Split Texture2D Across Line
Why does the player fall down when in between platforms? Tile based platformer
How Would I create alternate players (Turn base Event)
A star algorithm implementation problems
What can make a peaceful game successful?
InputLayout handling
How do I make an on-screen HUD in libgdx?
How to keep balance / Unlock items / achievement rules
How do I do JavaScript Array Animation
How many UDP ports for an MMOFPS
How can I efficiently create/store/implement animations as I add to my game?
Causes of screen tearing and vsync
Any faster method?
Setting Anchor Point
Keeping player aligned to grid in Pacman
AABB Sweeping, algorithm to solve "stacking box" problem
Flixel: doesn't light tile up
Server for online browser game
Syncing properties across a game server
Alternatives to the GPL
Java - Finding distance between player and tile in array
Finding if a point is inside of a mesh (Point-in-polyhedron)
Periodic updates of an object in Unity
What is wrong with my Dot Product?
How do client-server cooperation based games like Diablo 3 work?
Would someone please explain Octree Collisions to me?
Synchronization between game logic thread and rendering thread
Resources for 2D rendering using OpenGL?
Should I refer to browser-based games as HTML5 games or Javascript games?
Can anyone explain step-by-step how the as3isolib depth-sorts isometric objects?
Acceptable sound quality: stereo needed for an Android game?
Resources to learn XNA for a professional c# developer
What is the role of "systems" in a component-based entity architecture?
Calculate initial velocity of a 3d vector-based projectile
Implmenting RLE into a tilemap or how to create a large 3D array?
How to create OpenGL (ES 1.0) texture programmatically?
Why does multiplying texture coordinates scale the texture?
What is the format of DXGI_FORMAT_D24_UNORM_S8_UINT?
Is it legal to use the name of an existing game?
What are the advantages of tangent space normals over object space normals?
Calculate travel time on road map with semaphores
What OpenGL version(s) to learn and/or use?
MiniMax not working properly(for checkers game)
Triple buffering causes input lag?
Using 2d collision with 3d objects
Ignore collisions with some objects in certain contexts
C# XNA: Effecient mesh building algorithm for voxel based terrain ("top" outside layer only, non-destructible)
How do I get a new license for gDEBugger after the 1 free year?
Discovering path through unknown territory
Should the modelview and projection matrices be calculated in the shader or on the CPU?
Why use 3d matrix and camera in 2D world for 2d geometric figures?
Geometry instancing in OpenGL ES 2.0
What exactly can shaders be used for?
JOGL hardware based shadow mapping - computing the texture matrix
Design patterns for effects between actors and technology
Detect if square in grid is within a diamond shape
Find nearest tile of type x
Drawing texture does not work anymore with a small amount of triangles
Why aren't tangent space normal maps completely blue?
How can I render a semi transparent model with OpenGL correctly?
Cascade(Waterfalls) particles animation - openframeworks, alternatives
How to draw lines between user draggable points?
What are some good (retro) symbols for magic/mana/energy?
Multiplayer tile based movement synchronization
Crash when trying to detect touch
Which data structure should I use for  dynamically generated platforms?
Free vs. Paid: Picking a Financial Model
Using SurfaceFormat.Single and HLSL for GPGPU with XNA
DirectX 9 light class
What is the standard way of delivering HTML5 games to portals and such?
I need advice on creating animal 3D walk cycles in XNA
How to convert Blender models for XNA
OpenGL ES 2 shaders for drawing buildings and roads like Google Maps does
How can I achieve UnrealEd's per-face texturing in Blender 2.6?
SpriteBatch.Begin() making my model not render correctly
How do I interpolate air drag with a variable time step?
Animation library for XNA
Get video chipset manufacturer in Direct3D
What advantages are gained by working in a gamedev company before doing indie
Game thread, render thread, animation/inverse kinematics, and synchronization
Continuous Integration, what are the strategies to manage binary content?
libgdx setOrigin and setPosition not working as expected?
A* Start path finding in HTML5 Canvas
How to build Arena-ish level using grid tiles?
Trouble with Collada bones
What algorithms can I use for bullet movement toward the enemy?
How do I go from a simple html5 tic tac toe game to an online 2 player game?
Omni-directional shadow mapping
2D Tile-Based Concept Art App
How can I make a rectangle to an irregular shape?
Why is C/C++ preferred for game developers?
When to use Euler vs Axis angles vs Quaternions?
Cocos2D: Upgrading from OpenGL ES 1.1 to 2.0
as3 3D camera lookat
XNA Platformer Sample: Supporting multiple resolutions?
Triple buffering and jittering
Why is my ground so dark?
Using Lerp to create a hovering effect for a GameObject
What is the best way to display a cut scene?
Controlling a GameObject from another GameObject's script component
Implementing a FSM with ActionScript 2 without using classes?
Blender 2.6: Changing the Resolution (Rings/Segments) of a UVSphere's
Math major as a viable degree
Translate along local axis
Flickering problem with world matrix
C++ and SDL Trouble Creating a STL Vector of a Game Object
Drawing 2D Grid in 3D View - Need help with method
Building a Flash Platformer
How to generate portal zones?
Scene transitions
Is it possible to procedurally place objects in a non-gridded game?
Keeping the CCSprite on the screen
How can you procedurally place objects in a non-gridded game?
Distance between two 3D objects' faces
Level selection view - similiar to Angry Bird's
Collision detection of player larger than clipping tile
Breakout ball collision detection, bouncing against the walls
Game Institute Math Courses
Adding tolerance to a point in polygon test
Octree subdivision problem
Rendering transparent textures in directX
Open GL polygons not displaying
Impact of variable-length loops on GPU shaders
How to split a string with negative numbers using ActionScript 3.0
What should I do if my text exceeds my text render target boundaries?
Multiple setInterval in a HTML5 Canvas game
Separating logic and data in browser game
viewing fbx files in windows via xna 4.0
What is the difference between a game framework and a game engine?
Robust line of sight test on the inside of a polygon with tolerance
My rhythm game runs choppy even with high frame rate
Game speed cubic growth
How can I move a polygon edge 1 unit away from the center?
Multiplication for MVP matrices: Any benefits to doing so within the vertex shader?
Is using a dedicated thread just for sending gpu commands a good idea?
XNA 2D Collision with specific tiles
Falling images that can be pressed
Deterministic Multiplayer RTS game questions?
Blender 2.6: How to Merge the Pros of Meshes and Surfaces
OpenGL ES 2.0 texture distortion on large geometry
Is the June 2010 DX SDK really the latest?
How do I load textures with SFML for OpenGL?
2D Tile Based Collision Detection
2D Rendering with OpenGL ES 2.0 on Android (matrices not working)
Should the main game object be static in c++
glutPostRedisplay() does not update display
How can I teleport seamlessly, without using interpolation?
Box 2D Collision Question
Is the new windows 8 sdk usable with visual c++ express 2010 on windows 7?
More profitable: Android apps or Flash games?
How should I represent matrices in C++?
Touching a CGRect
Checking for collisions on a 3D heightmap
How can I run and jump at the same time?
Rolling a 3d die in cocos2d
What's a viable way to get public properties from child objects?
How do I make game server for UDK game?
Finding closest object to a location within a specific perpendicular distance to direction vector
Creating a WARP device in managed DirectX
Architecture for html5 multiplayer game?
How can I keep straight alpha during rendering particles?
2D Collision in Canvas - Balls Overlapping When Velocity is High
How do history generation algorithms work?
How change LOD in geometry?
Blender - creating bones from transform matrices
In an Entity-Component-System Engine, How do I deal with groups of dependent entities?
Movement in RPG
Creating Gun objects with upgrades?
How can I resolve collisions at different speeds, depending on the direction?
How can I locate empty space next to polygon regions?
Best algorithm for recursive adjacent tiles?
Space Invaders-type game: Keeping the enemies aligned with each other as they turn around?
Lighting effects with 2D sprites
Fixed-Function vs Shaders: Which for beginner?
Lua or C++ in Cococ2d-x
Basic 3D Collision detection in XNA 4.0
How to fire a bullet in a specific direction?
Does anybody know of any resources to achieve this particular "2.5D" isometric engine effect?
3D Vector "End Point" Calculation for procedural Vector Graphics
How to plot hex tiles with different length sides?
OpenGL behaviour depending on the graphics card?
xna orbit camera troubles
Best practices for periodically saving game state to disk
Isometric Tile maps in Cocos2d-x
Java Slick2d - Mouse picking how to take into account camera
Java - Tile engine changing number in array not changing texture
C++ game architecture
2D mouse coordinates from 3d object projection
Big level objects collision system for 2d game
Euler angles to Cartesian Coordinates for use with gluLookAt
How can I read .TGA and .BLP image files in C++?
getting bone base and tip positions from a transform matrix?
How to get xy coordinates along a given path
How should I do AABB::contains?
How does sprite customization in 2D games work?
Deferred rendering with both Clockwise and CounterClockwise culling
How to implement the rag doll physics in OpenGL?
How much assembly is really used in modern game code?
Managing text-maps in a 2D array on to be painted on HTML5 Canvas
How to create my first game?
Creating an OpenGL FPS camera: I have the position and orientation vectors, now what?
How to take advantage of multiple core GPUs
Adding VFACE semantic causes overlapping output semantics error
Shaky Camera Effect 2D
Updating scene graph in multithreaded game
Game getting progressively laggier?
XNA content.load Dependancy
How can I improve this collision detection logic?
Efficient visualization of a large voxelized volume
How do you start modding a game without an editor?
Transparent parts of texture are opaque black instead
Any significant performance cost to using BlendState.Premultiplied?
Turn Based Event Algorithm
how does server communication work in a flash game with a php backend
Optimizing hierarchical transform
3D Texture Mapping (Atlas)
Help with Meshes, and Shading
Irregular Shaped Colliders For Unity
Enabling and Disabling children in Unity
Inconsistent accessibility: parameter type is less accessible than method
Help to understand directions of sprites in XNA
XNA - positioning after rotation
Open Source HTML/JS game(s) with license that would allow embedding in my app?
3D terrain map with hexagon grids
Split vector vs matrix notation for transformation
Question about Target parameter of Matrix.CreateLookAt
Boolean checks with a single quadtree, or multiple quadtrees?
How many localisations are too much for a game?
importing animations in Blender, weird rotations/locations
Shader inputs in a general purpose engine
Calculating 2D (screen) coordinates from 3D positions in XNA 4.0
Design Pattern for Social Game Mission Mechanics
Decal implementation
Binding BoundingSpheres to a world matrix in XNA
Is there a market for a Text-based empire-building game?
Joystick example problem for android 2D
Is it possible to give an animated GIF a transparent background?
Can't find error about playing audio in XNA
Collision Detection/Map Management in RPG
How to synchronize clocks in multiplayer game?
How to achieve smooth gameplay in a physics based multiplayer game? (2d)
Find the nearest control points either side of a Catmull Rom spline segment
How should I position and move objects in my 3D world in relation to terrain
How to play a sound only one time in XNA?
How to send an int array and struct via ENet?
Code Problem Involving Vertical Movement of Platforms
Collision detection between many objects
Dynamic 2D soft shadows with concave polygons?
Effecient tilemap rendering
Z axis in isometric tilemap
Voxel terrain rendering with marching cubes
How do I put a game on miniclip or addinctinggames?
Does the standard lighting equation ever allow objects to be brighter than their textures?
Pixel perfect collision detection between sprite and animated sprite
Are my programming methods for java games sufficient
What mathematics would I need to know in order to build a 2.5D raycasting engine
Why are my exported illustrator graphics blurry and messy in-game?
Simplified trajectory equation to identify Time Taken(t) by a protectile to travel Distance(d), under gravity?
Realtime multi-player game design principles for Node.js
Does a basic game engine prototyping tool exist, for common game types?
Introducing generic commands in text-based interactive fiction game
High Resolution Timer Options in Windows
How could I expose the engine API for text-adventure games?
When and Why to use Console Logging
glLoadIdentity or Not?
iPhone game - saving player state data
3rd party terrain editor
What would make a good cursor movement sound effect?
Interval timing in XNA?
I have an "amoeba" game mechanic. Any idea on how to implement it?
Casual gamer age distribution
Need some help to move sprite in XNA
reflection plane 3d
Should be GameKit used together with GameCenter?
update positition data: change vertex buffer or matrix?
Huge performance difference when using drawImage with IMG vs CANVAS
Supporting Multiple Input Devices
2D game development with C++
Light levels - How to determine if a character should be spotted
2D maps, how to structure?
Implementing framerate independence
UDK dedicated server project. How to create user information files
Implementing a sine using a bezier curve
Sprite not visible when using a Rectangle for collision in XNA
SDL Parallax Scrolling along two axis
Missing triangles in model
Component Based Design DLL
Need help to find error in collision dection in XNA
Multi Screen Rendering in Unity
What is the "pricing standard" on Windows Phone?
XNA 4.0 - Normal mapping shader - strange texture artifacts
How to do simultaneous action without it being real time?
How can I create beautiful, random, abstract images?
Do I require a game engine  when I want to make a game?
Collision detection between circle and rectangle in 2D
Write alpha channel into SurfaceFormat.Single rendertarget in XNA/HLSL
Character progression through leveling, skills or items?
2D Tower Targeting (Tower Defense)
2D game libraries that support positional stereo sound?
Collection of Simple Children's Game Mechanics
How do I create JavaScript buttons?
How do I enable "look up/down" in the dialog mode?
Rotation matrices from Quaternion.Identity and -Quaternion.Identity are the same?
State Machine with State per Entity
Best practices with Vertices in Open GL
What are some good resources for learning OpenGL on Android?
Console-type interface in game
RPG and human psychology
How do you assign a value of different roles in a game design project?
Help understanding the order of vector subtraction
Application to record sound effects for games
Optimizing isometric drawing function
How to deal with variable size font in XNA 4.0
Way to render objects
How to properly simulate object aproximation towards camera in 2D?
Isometric 2D game without tiles. Is there a solution?
Why would selecting a lot of rows crash my game?
How to save a lodu game state
Xna winform scaling and mouse position
Constructing a ladder
Best way to implement achievement system?
How can I skew my XNA sprites?
Separation of axis theorem implementation
How can I develop a Lights Out solving algorithm?
Moving camera in large view
How do I make my game connect to a server without real IP address?
Hover Craft Algorithm
Question about timing in XNA
Why is the MaskBit maxed out
Vertex data from a buffer
Best practice to use Sprites in a game using AndEngine GLES2
Roughly how many rigid bodies can I expect to have interacting in Bullet?
How do I convert a cube map to an equirectangular projection?
How to begin stylising a game
How do I render .dae models?
Any social gaming services for JavaScript games?
HTML5 game obfuscation
Handling Latency in Multiplayer Shoot-em-ups
Blender: How to merge two faces?
Handling multiple AI updates for simultaneous movement
What would be the problems with using a singleton design pattern for my engine?
Random terrain generation with caves
Enemy collision detection with movie clips
Tile engine Texture not updating when numbers in array change
Help understanding HLSL - newbie questions
Map with 20 million tiles makes game run out of memory, how do I avoid it?
Do I need to obtain a license to use real car brands in a game?
XNA and Draw rotation
Why are my triangles not being drawn in the color I define?
Content loading, Content processing and add processed file to a DataContainer?
Best practices for communication between game designer and artist
Parent-Child position mathematics
Add value to XNA Vector2
Reset timer in XNA
Graphic Design Resource for Indie Game Dev?
How to obtain "annealing" effect via particle system
Replay system: record inputs or events?
What is the optimal way to update different entities in an engine?
Isometric tile map format
How to generate water pools on a 2D tile grid?
How do I get level design practice?
Best practice for image compression
What is server mod?
How can I simulate limited AI vocabulary for a word game?
2D Platformer - Methods to Implement a Whip Weapon
Calculating the correct roll from a bone transform matrix
How do I make more bullets shoot in this game code?
Collision detections too fast?
What data structure should I use for a 3D platformer game?
Crafty.js multiplayer platform game, keeping players in sync
GLSL if-else statement unexpected behaviour
What is the MTV (Minimum Translation Vector) in SAT (Seperation of axis)?
Geometry vs sprites
How do I convert between two different 2D coordinate systems?
How to create biomes
Easiest way to create a 2d game in Java?
Facebook App  Game Canvas Size
Advanced Animation for 2d Isometric Game?
Unity RTS Movement
Entity Component System based engine
Map tile terrain transitions with 3-4 different types
Using XNA GameComponents simply
Project updates don't show up on mobile device
Freeglut vs SDL vs GLFW
How should I handle tiny objects in a physics engine?
Revamping my GUI to be more efficient and less brute
Touch area double sized on newer device
Problem with monogame reference in monodevelop MAC
Character rotating around target
Extracting tiles from a tileset programatically?
What is the best way to handle simultaneous collisions in a physics engine?
Multilingual data bases for most common words and phrases used in games
Tilting a platform on its axis?
UVW Unwrap multiple quads on same texture space automatically
Rotating a polygon around it's center
Why is it a bad idea to store methods in Entities and Components? (Along with some other Entity System questions.)
Easy way to do gravity in a simple game?
Unable to generate standalone noise
Running both the server and the client within the same process
How create a respawn area in a tiled map
Instancing pixel shader parameters -- pass instance data through vertex shader?
Tilemaps in a Entity System Framework?
Multithreaded game fails on SwapBuffers in render thread at exit
Implementing Circular Sprite Masks
Change back to initial value of rotation?
Angle between two points
HTML5 Canvas Depth Sorting
Change the title name of a XNA window?
Refresh a single view
Where can I find good designers/animators for the graphics of a 2d game?
bmGlyph alternative for windows (Bitmap font generator)
Efficient physics and collision detection for RTS
Map terrain generation to texture instead of color
How much would it cost to produce a game engine, and website to sell it from?
How to balance damage dealt by opponents in a strategy game?
Game loop alternatives for efficiency 
Random number hlsl
Settlers-like terrain representation
The point of using a scripting language
How to simulate pressure with particles?
Platformer movement and collisions
How do I implement features in an entity system?
Help with Open GL terrain
Collision Detection Failing at faster Speed?
How to initialize a BitmapDrawable Android
How can my "world" provide the information required to render itself?
Moving AI in a multiplayer game
Best way to design a negotiation deal?
Web sites with famous game information?
My transparent objects overwrite opaque objects depth and always draw on top?
Unit selection circle
Slick2D: Changing an Image's colour to Color.white
Interactions between game objects
Generate random starting points at same distance between them
Create acceleration with direction
What Javascript game engines are out there, other than Impact?
How many Fringe/Base layers in a 2D map editor?
Interacting with box2D objects
game multiplayer service development
Good open source iOS games?
Using Coffescript in HTML5 game development?
Avoid the same code several times in game state enum
Why are my exported illustrator graphics blurry and messy in-game when scaling?
How do I import Motionbuilder animation into my game?
Timer to control the object in XNA
How is AI most commonly implemented in popular games?
How do I clear a specific render target when more than one are set?  Or how do I keep the depth but clear the color?
How to render depthmap image in 3d?
Blending colors on Surfaces in PyGame?
How do I identify a collision with a specific body?
Remove "dots" noise (like from dot-matrix printer)
JavaScript rendering: Canvas or DIV?
Kinect User Silhouette Shader
Is it possible to read the frame to be output to the screen from GPU in XNA?
Creating a highlight halo around a selected object
interaction with WinForm and Xna
Creating mesh at run-time
collision resolve sphere-aabb and aabb-aabb
How does Dwarf Fortress keep track of so many entities without losing performance?
Getting contour without the background
Copying render target texture loses all depth
Why use this equation to get a percentage?
Multiple game frames in construct 2 for new levels?
Procedural terrain using 3D noise
What is an easy way to work subsurface scattering into a raycaster?
Finding a suitable axis-angle to avoid gimbal lock
2D Quads : Translation with OpenGL ES 2.0 on Android
Setting Krypton Light to Screen Pixels
Electricity and Magnetism: Relevant?
Mafia kill algorithm
Balancing stats in a monster fighting game (similar to Pokemon battle/stats)
Application toolkits like QT versus traditional game/multimedia libraries like SFML
Famous 2D tile-based game?
What's the proper way to use static objects and singletons in Unity?
Shifting from XNA/C# to C++?
What advantages does multisampling have over supersampling?
Direct X Vertex Coloring
Unity gizmos vs. referenced game objects
How does changing weapons and character animation in 2d games work?
How can I determine the direction of turn?
Good resources for learning modern OpenGL (3.0 or later)?
How to handle a Block World like Minecraft
What's the reason behind collision-boxes?
Writing a Massive Multiplayer Onlinegame by Own
How I can advertise my browser game
How to draw reflection of shaded objects in OpenGL?
How to store level information on iOS
In Unity, can I make a GameObject within a prefab disabled by default?
Applicability of Business Architectures in XNA 4
Trouble with the State of things in XNA
What elements of D3DPRESENT_PARAMETERS MUST be set?
What is the technical definition of "sprite batching?"
Algorithm for creating adjacent triangles
Java: Standing Animation
What uses are there for multiple UV maps on a model?
Player's feeling towards stage selection in a platform game
Help retrieving/sending data to/from a server on iOS (C#, Mono, .Net)
Is it considered poor programming to do this with xna components?
How to combine image with a gradient? Or make it more featured in a different way
Is it possible to make a text based game and filter bad stuff?
Collision on the first rectangle only - Why?
Maintain performance and precision with a large vertex buffer?
Compressing 2D level data
If you make a game for facebook do you have to have a "real website" on the domain name?
Help with Music Rhythm Game (Cocos2D)
Use current Vector2 variable and add value?
2D Mask antialiasing in xna hlsl
Quaternions - how to limit axis?
How to control an actor movement in UDK
Why does my frames per second function return inconsistent results?
Practical balance of "chance" video game mechanics
Show path of a body of where it should go after linear impulse is applied
What data should a generic collision detection system gather?
How to obtain contrail visual effect?
Text fields in a java canvas
Benefits of implementing systems like classes instead of just functions
Does it make sense to build a text-based game Facebook app without using Facebook?
How to handle input for both UI and game
How should I learn about collision detection?
How does 3D games work so fluent provided that each mesh's size is so big?
Best practice for saving items?
How to create character avatars without lots of artwork?
SharpDX: best practice for multiple RenderForms?
Open source level editor for HTML5 platform game?
Finding the right directory structure for version control
Why is my deferred lighting implementation so expensive?
How to handle multiple game sessions where players turn can timeout, using Python and Socket.IO?
For a real-time PvP game, what network service would get the job done?
Collision detection not working properly
Handling of data sharing between framework module
How to compute highscores, so that 10 matches will "correctly" compete 100 matches
What are the differences between EGA and VGA for MSDOS API?
Doesn't multiple inheritance solve all problems that entity systems do?
Collision organization problems
Interpolate and collisions
Screen coordinates to a multilevel isometric world
Correct way to export from blender to ogre format?
How make a laser path prediction line like a slingshot cowboy game?
AndEngine GLES2 - getting Black screen on emulator 4.1
Texture caching in 2D XNA game
Intercepting DirectX calls and optimizing the overal performance of games
Reducing the level of detail of a mesh
Inverting matrix then decomposing gives different quaternion than decomposing then inverting the quat
How to help players find friends in a cross-platform mobile game?
What's the best 2D animator?
Online Identification for Desktop Games?
How to remove floating terrain when generated with 3D Perlin Noise?
Publish Python Game
How to design the scenarios in a platform game?
Rotating around a non origin point
Why is my mesh generation algorithm not working properly?
loading a sequence of obj in java
Unicode Usage in Video Games
Are there any narrative (or at least non-spatiotemporal) focused engines/frameworks?
How to get a game popular without a publisher?
How can I snap a game object's position to a grid?
Normalization of Vectors: Return a copy of the result or alter the object itself?
How do I render an animation where some frames appear twice?
RPG combat and gold/exp reward equations
How can multiple clients be out of sync if they use the same RNG seed?
Lighting problems with Terrain
Real Time Motion Retargeting
What can I do with an old XNA game?
Strange behavior for "make x face y" algorithm (with video)
How do I tile a specific region of a sprite?
Confused about Content Pipeline
How to Align Gun with Bullets
What technology is needed for this mmorts idea?
Design pattern for creating multiple enemies
Get position of tile in tileset
GLSL - rewriting (geometry) shader from #330 to #130 version
Good resources for 2.5D and rendering walls, floors, and sprites
Asteroids Ship Movement
Rendering Loop Problem (Java)
XNA stuttering at regular intervals
android game: how to approach mutliplayer
Low dexterity game development
Saving big maps
Using pixel art on small high resolution screens
Determining my playable area/field of view
Resource and game state management for multiplayer game server
Compare new Vector2 position with previous Vector2 position
Simulating probability
I need to make a create-a-class system like in COD
What exactly are sprites and entities and what are the differences between the two?
How do I play background music in Slick/LWJGL?
Language and learning of an MMO Game server
Cocos2d Box2d contact listener call different method in collided object
How to get smooth transition within slick?
apply non-hierarchial transforms to hierarchial skeleton?
MasterMind Game Algorithm Problem
Shaking objects near correct position (with video)
Grouping game objects
Stop map from scrolling but let player still move?
Learning storywriting - where to start?
Special relativity shader in GLSL
How change the size of sprite in cocos2d?
When I select one vertex it selects multiple vertices?
Cocos2D game engine javascript is too slow on mobile
What are hosting demands for webgame?
using per pixel collision for an elastic response
Scene management for 3D editor
Drawing a missile relative to the ship
Physics System ignores collision in some rare cases
Multiplayer (Database, Users,etc) for game
What article discusses weightmaps for ai control?
How would a sprite spawn more sprites under themself every second?
Input into a switch statement to change position of a character.
Writing a basic shader for large input files
Book on designing game architecture?
UDK iOS ; base Class
Ray Picking: how can I find which copy of model to pick, if they share the same vertices, but each one is translated before being drawn?
Javascript and PHP for real-time multiplayer?
Making color of sprite darker or lighter
Started game development no idea of computer graphics. Should I learn tools or concepts?
I need to sell an almost-complete MMORPG project. How can I do that?
XNA HLSL: Skinned Model Deforming Wrong
What is the best way to implement dialogs in an xna game?
Convert point to its barymetric coordinates
Weird error with opengl in Android using Libgdx : "EGL_BAD_ATTRIBUTE"
3d world vertex translation to go to 2d screen coords
Blender move single UV point
Rotating To Face a Point
Strategy for controlling the physics of a bike
How are lights rendered as geometry in deferred shading?
Blender Edge Split Alternative
Creating a Custom Map Editor using XNA and Windows Forms
Pass a single boolean from an Android App to a libgdx game
How to code a simple torch light?
How do I acknowledge collisions with volumes in UDK?
How to bounce a 2d point particle off of a circular edge
Convert map of USA to isometric format
What's the name of the rendering problem I describe here?
OpenGL blending (masking)
How to implement object velocity as a vector
Improving the monster tamer battle mechanics: 2 choices
Logic / Render phases with a single thread
Predicting physics/trajectory for pool/billiards games
Current library situation
Accelerometer to move player left and right
Is a programmer liable for copyright infringement in other people's mods to his games?
Can someone explain this occurrence with a fbx model in xna?
Java: Tile-based Collision Detection with Rectangles
Should I develop the game first or get NDA?
How to convert a number from one min\max set to another min\max set?
Aligning bullet's position in Asteroid Game
Creating 2D waveform for Cocos2d game
How can I implement smart scripting, in my game?
To what extent it is legal to declare support of third party commercial products' assets?
Draw a 3D object at specific coordinates on the screen
1 kb swf file created when building to flash in unity
How is XML being used for a game engine, here?
Are SharpDX's ContextDirect2D methods different from XNA's SpriteBatch?
Repetition of move in Draughts game
Change the scale-policy of OpenGL ES in Android?
Determine inventory item position shape
Texturing voxel faces separately
Create shape from points / lines in editor and mathematically calculate nearest points within shape
unity pathfinding
What engine/technology should I work with to accomplish my unique design goal?
How do I tell if an object is currently colliding with another object?
Is there any Card Game Framework?
Keeping track of focused widget in GUI tree
How to reproduce the 3ds Max Gradient Ramp effect?
Box2d based tile map game scrolling problem
Rendering a Sprite with an Effect.... how?
What is an efficient way to manage uniforms in a game?
Is my engine concept a good one?
What platform were old TV video games developed on?
Overlapping vertices on sphere?
Trap mouse in SDL
Motion capture for indie developers?
Particles/instancing groups in an Entity/Component system
Simple 2D Collision Detection Algorithm Library
Positioning entities in adjacent maps
Using bone joints
Is it possible to create native application for Google Chrome Store?
Circle-Rectangle collision resolution
Saving and loading large tilemaps
Implementing a multishot powerup for a top down shooter
What algorithms exist for generating collision geometry from an image?
Mesh deformation maya to unity
Blender to 3ds max to cal3d format
How to implement AI for fighting game
X and Y value to Vector2
Checking collision in an array - is there a better way?
Sampler referencing in HLSL - Sampler parameter must come from a literal expression
Cocos2d: Using single timer/scheduler for multiple sprites
Virtual World Plaforms and Unity3d
Sharing a texture resource from DX11 to DX9 to WPF, need to wait for DeviceContext.Flush() to finish
Techniques for lighting a texture (no shadows)
Mitigating the noticability of a frame drop in XNA
Circle collision with a specific tile on a grid
How to use generic level editors with my arbitary code?
Detect mouse click on a bezier curve's neighborhood
How to generate caves that resemble those of Minecraft?
Dealing with keyboard input
Rotating an object smoothly
Engine and level of detail for maze / labyrinth / dungeon scene?
Trying to Draw a 2D Triangle in OpenGL ES 2.0
IOException java problem
C++ Function Parameter Changes Problem
XNA: Instancing Cubes, Each Side Different Texture
How to use proximity sensor in android with unity3d?
Understanding Tensors
Cocos2d v2.0 and OpenGL 2.0/1.0: where to start
Android Cocos2DX using C++ in Eclipse Helios Windows XP
Should the frame rate be consistent or is it normal for it to jump around?
Textureing subdivided Icosahedron in XNA, seam problem
XNA 2D camera just part of screen
Stage3D Agal Anti-Aliasing
Problem with position for player and 2D camera
Central renderer for a given scene
Child parent rendering (flash) in XNA
Why doesn't my MatrixStack class work?
Fair sharing income with designer
gradient coloring of an object
OpenGL ES and Screen Coordinates
Parallelizing creation of geometry chunks in minecraft-like game
Writing a shader once without using CG?
Getting width and height of view of game
How to accept microtransactions with a desktop application?
What features do basic particle engines have?
Should my game states be JPanels?
Tools for level (wireframe) design
Using multiple sprite sheets for same object AndEnginge
Organize game classes C# XNA
Structuring various game states and unique levels
How do I prevent dynamic GUI elements from overlapping in Unity?
The Physics behind 2D Platformer Games?
Pros and cons of different integrators
Changing sprite animation depending on direction
Change opacity for texture or sprites in XNA
How can I randomly choose a monster from an array of monsters?
How to separate my rendering from game loop?
Get angle in radians given a point on a circle
Should NPC dialog be stored in XML or in a script?
I'm making a board game: who should manage the player move if the board has specific locations for the players?
Collision between AnimatedSprite and Rectangle null pointer error
Collision detection and response in an Entity System
Why is std::atan2 returning -0.0?
Are there any good ways to know if a resource is patented trademark or illegal to use?
Trouble programming JInput for game controller
PreferredBackBufferWidth/Height from GraphicsDeviceManager not working?
How to swallow touches on CCMenu while sliding?
Books for designing virtual economy
Story and news-feed ideas for social network games
Can I use the ENet library in a commercial game?
Which models and scene to use for a dungeon game?
Shader authoring/editing tools for GLSL ES
Tools need to for low poly model, texture making & lighting in unity3d (iOS)
Drawing at negative coordinates in XNA?
Why four buttons rather than two?
How many developers are there?
Snake game logic
OpenGL ES 2.0 Best Practices / Architecture Guide
How can I speed up Unity3D Substance texture generation?
2D Tile Based Particle Collisions
Is there any way to verify the GPS location data received from client?
rotate opengl mesh relative to camera
Flash: Memory usage is low but framerate keeps dropping
Taking MSAA screenshot using D3DX10SaveTextureToFile()
Where and how to promote an HTML5 game engine?
Menus for LWJGL - Swing or other?
SDL surface inside another GUI component?
Lights system with shaders in OpenGL?
Android "Activities" --- one or many for games?
MonoGame: prevent command prompt in windows?
Vector movement in space type game (Mouse rotation)
Am I allowed to release an app I developed with Xcode on windows?
How do you program the right analog stick of a controller in JInput?
Career in Game or in Software/Web
How to make HLSL effect just for lighting without texture mapping?
Touch point on the near plane
How to start with more complex games?
How to merge two objects in Blender
unity3d camera movment problem
Deferred rendering with VSM - Scaling light depth loses moments
Where is the XACT documentation?
Can I make a Cue in XACT to play two sounds?
Is it possible to simulate a pause in a game for a fake exhaustive task?
Invert colors Java rendering
Designing a simple snake A.I
What game design/game theory resources should I watch for a "TCG-like" game?
Do I have too many colliders on my screen?
Simulating Game Apples - Can't get it to work
OpenGL Shading Program Object Memory Requirement
Client/Server Object updates seems to run at different speeds
How do i choose what technology to use for a 2D game like Pokemon?
What game engine should I use to mock around?
What is the most efficient container to store dynamic game objects in?
FPS reticule image scaling with resolution problem
How do you stop an Ogre PSSM shader from creating unwanted or blocky shadows due to large 'world size'
OpenGL UBO Query
Simplex Noise flat land and hills
How to make an arrow land at a specific position in 3D world space
Smallest increment for a SpriteBatch depth between 0.0 and 1.0?
Learning math from the basic to become a game programmer
Prevent Multiplayer Cheating
MonoGame for iOS - getting started
The distance to a line from a point, find the constant values?
AndEngine Physics: Shape rotating but not updating physics effects
Advice creating build process for medium sized game project
Creating custom collision map for 2D
Choosing the right game engine
UDK weapon on first person not showing up
AndEngine: Density, Elasticity, Friction, Gravity concepts
network programming: simultaneous IO over sockets?
Vertex shader are evil for performance?
How to move a b2Body explosively to a new Location
Tile based platformer, using larger tiles?
How would one approach developing an AI for a trading card game
Need help finding an old game I want to rewrite/port
Need help compiling detour function
Dynamic Sprite Scaling in SDL?
Shaders not linking correctly
Current status of 3D Sound Effect APIs in games
How to make NPC AI for my jme3 ninja game
AndEngine sprite movement
XNA Framework sprite vectors and also scaling
VBO and gl*Pointer management practises?
Sea water shader using only fragment processor
Do Apple and Google ask for a share if custom payment is done in a free app?
Should I dedicate a single thread to each player in a split-screen game?
CCsprite.flipX not working!
Something like libgdx for C++ / cross-platform (with mobile) SDK
What is the correct way of changing image of existing CCSprite?
How to make and correctly use progress bar in cocos2d-iphone?
Is there anything equivalent to Portal 2's linked_portal_door in any other engines?
How can I simulate light using mask images on the iPad?
2D jerky motion with AddForce and physics
Do UDP game clients/servers block for receive calls?
The most popular pattern for game-related programming in C++
Hide individual regions on a territory map
GLSL pack floats into an RGBA texture
How should I structure an extensible asset loading system?
How do I perform collision tests between two 3D oriented bounding boxes?
How can I unpack a sprite sheet into multiple images?
I have created character human in blender. How to use it in Java/Android
Handling movement in an Entity Component System
Isometric drawing "Not Tile Stuff" on isometric map?
How do we adapt our game to work over a network?
Costs for developing an Iphone physics game?
What is the difference between an impulse and a force related to a physics engine?
XNA how to draw some sprites tiled/wrapped and others not?
What was the typical toolchain for DOS game development?
global transform to local transform?
How do I solve my resolution problems?
C++ Void and Constructor Method Problem with Loops
CCTMXTiledMap continuous scrolling;
How is the Call of Duty checkpoint system implemented?
Java2D Game Flickering
SDL Multiple keyboard support
Player position triggering teleports
Can I use GLFW and GLEW together in the same code
Finding the normal from one 3d vector/line to any point on another 3d vector/line
How can I prevent pixel artifacts on programatically generated textures?
OpenGL: VBO or glBegin() + glEnd()?
How can I implement 3D textures using webgl?
How to rotate an object towards the walking direction?
Kinetic scrolling in AS3
First Minecraft mod not working: make a new sword
OpenGL are strips/fans faster for rendering or just data bandwidth
C# XNA Is key toggled?
User input in game loop
Is there any option other than Component Based for game architecture?
Pixel Shader, YUV-RGB Conversion failing
Should a 4x game use one class per planet type?
Microsoft OpenGL layer via software emulation - docs
Android 2D game, shooting and getting animation to stop
Mesa library vs Hardware accelerated OpenGL for my executable - it's just a linking problem?
there is a BLOB standard to store images in memory?
Physics system imploding under force
Dealing with new animations in html5
Random position of object in foreach loop
How to tune steering behaviours to pick the best target around obstacles?
OpenGL ES high-quality 2D scaling
BSPs, Octrees and modern graphics hardware
Strongly Typed Skills
Ball bouncing at a certain angle and efficiency computations
How do I go about hiring Level Designers from the Modding community?
Recreating Doodle Jump in Canvas - Platforms spawning out of reach
Should I amortize scripting cost via bytecode analysis or multithreading?
When to Use Collision Detection Methods
Microsoft XNA code sample wont work with blender model
Does Macbook Air 2012 (Intel HD4000) support GLSL 1.3+?
Implementing Online Leaderboards for indie windows PC Game
Disadvantages of using multiple versions of OpenGL in LWJGL?
Is there already an accepted way to measure the "enjoyment/entertainment value" of a certain game?
How to tune the collision handling to respond differently depending on the collided objects?
Managing the user input
Must I worry about quad-based rendering in real world scenarios?
Can a straight line be called a polygon?
UIView with IrrlichtScene
Programming  languages reccomended for a career in game design
What was game development on the Apple II like?
How should I handle collectable/droppable/stackable items in an inventory?
What file types should I exclude from my game's source control repository?
Updating code at runtime, without recompiling
how to modify shadow mapping in "3D Graphics with XNA Game Studio 4.0"?
android 2d bullet-spawn (shooting)
Transformation matrix that maps a window
Converting many faces to single mesh and reduce poly-count in Blender
XNA How to detect collision between 2d sprites and 3d primitives (not models)
Basic/research RTS engine/model
Can you dynamically set which texture to use in-shader?
Shape Centers as Vectors: Local space or World space?
Why don't developers these days make the classic 2D games?
Trying to generate some unique numbers
Does using the XNA Content Pipline eliminate the overhead caused by file IO when working with a large number of files?
Finding line of best fit demarcating national borders
I'm looking for a C++/OpenGL/SDL game engine tutorial
Making online battles take time
3ds Max error dialog: "Instancing not supported for this action"
Are there any good books for GameMaker:Studio?
How can I accomplish Pokemon-style movement over tiles in java?
There is something like the BigO notation for the GPU world and the programmable pipeline?
What are the properties of "position, velocity, acceleration, rotation" collectively named?
How to render metaballs?
Flick Gesture in Unity3D Android
Collision library for bullet hell in Python
How to efficiently manage animations and/or textures (resources) in a game?
Do SDL surfaces get reused?
Debugging Shader Code?
Stopping an object after applying an impulse or force?
Calculate the angle between two 3d vectors: Function always returns 89.1-89.9
Loss of texture detail in XNA (Banding 16 bit issue) 
Passive skills and items
Is it worthwhile investing time learning Unreal Script when UDK 4 will be replacing it with C++?
Should I use reference counting on entities in component-based entity system?
How can I create a flexible system for tiling a 2D RPG map?
Best way to distribute graphics, audio and levels with an SDL game?
android opengl-es spritesheet display number
XNA shader compiler error in release mode
3D Modeling Software for Programmer
How to Use Images Instead Of Drawing Primitives
XNA Multisampling only for 3D
Deferred Rendering and Normal Mapping
My hlsl shader cannot unroll a loop?
Algorithm to generate multifaced cube?
Expiring timed actions a good idea?
Transforming bounding spheres
Access vertex data stored in VBO in the shader
How would I get this to UV map correctly?
How do you make bullets move at an angle in different angles using delta
How can I make a tile appear on top of another without completely blocking the tile below?
What is a trainer from a coder prospective?
Can I limit the number of shader units used by my video card?
Starting a game project
Rotation matrix derived from quaternion is opposite of expected direction
What is "streamlined" user interface?
Can I include PCM audio data in a commercial application?
Is it possible to access vertex values of an object created using display lists?
OpenGL in xcode 4
How do I create a third Person View using DXUTCamera in DX10?
OBB vs OBB and resolve/response for 2D game
Is there any reason not to save skinning animation data in texture?
How to precisely limit fps
Calculating angle between two vectors to steer towards a target
Correct use of VAO's in OpenGL ES2 for iOS?
Why has the industry switched from C to C++?
Cannot build project for Xbox, using XNA
Where can i get the openal sdk for c++?
My blur gets ugly when radius too high
Java applet game design no keyboard focus
Is it safe to cast my 2D points to 3D points for a library which only takes Vector3s?
How would I write a shader that supports 2 different texture coordinates?
Menu selection wont stay on selected option
Full screen shader causes performance hit
How does one escape the GPL?
How do I use screen-space derivatives to antialias a parametric shape in a pixel shader?
GraphicsAdapter lacks a definition for CheckDeviceMultiSampleType
Should I render with mipmaps?
Variable Visibility Class Interaction
Finding out what pixel on the screen the fragment falls on
Using SpriteBatch with BasicEffects and layerDepth creates negative Z values?
Highlight edge on 3d cube in directx
Raycasting Collision Detection
Dealing with alpha for 2D per pixel lighting
Dynamically change shader syntax with the help of C++
Texture artifacts and GLSL bump mapping
How do I match and clear sequences 3 adjacent coloured blocks?
Where is my memory leak coming from?
Multi-textured Terrain?
What should I keep in mind when developing a game to be multiplayer?
Composition heavy OOP vs pure entity component systems?
Android OpenGL textures sometimes corrupted
Is Javascript ready for game development?
Is the series of books "GPU Gems" still good for a modern OpenGL 3.0+ approach?
jQuery game - collisions
Repeat texture in libgdx
a 96kb 3d first person shooter
outline object effect
Is learning OpenGL2.1 today a bad idea?
Why do my pyramids fade black and then back to colour again
Which software licenses cover my needs?
Should I use XNA or Unity to build a video game?
XNA Content Loading works on my machine but not others
android game-logic for shooter
Can't get simple OpenGL texture working using SDL2 and FreeImage3
What's a good Flash game development tutorial, in FlashDevelop, for an absolute beginner?
Multiple images written and read from one meta-file?
What algorithm is mostly used to interpolate animations?
Including sprite file  for mobile games
UDK problem with kismet and unreal code interfacing
Creating maps and tileset for a 2d java game
Fades in older games. Need some help figuring out how the algorithm was derived
Fast Updating of Large Amounts of OpenGL data
android basic Movement for array-objects
What's the difference between a game engine and a physics engine?
Shadows shimmer when camera moves
How to convert mouse coordinates to isometric indexes?
Real-time ray tracing: How is it done?
Synchronizing input, update and rendering threads
Alternative ways to construct maps
Is a recursive game object update better than a linear one?
game-state update structure and distribution in MMO?
Is XNA a suitable platform for indie games for Windows?
How do I cheaply place a watermark over what's rendered in OpenGL 3.0+?
2D Motocross physics
Multiple collisions within a single frame cycle?
How do I increase the size of a buffered image to the left and upwards?
How to make smooth animations
How do I play music at half speed?
Fix broken Portal 2 Chapter Handling in my Mod
How does my program know which variables to link to the shader?
How are 8/16 bit sprites created?
Crystal Transparency(Shadows)
Desktop twist, does anyone know how to implement this effect in DirectX?
How much would it cost to hire a musician
Where to attach global scripts in Unity?
How to make an Alert Dialog "Rate my game" for my game
Negative timeout value in Variable Timestep loop
Creating a frozen bubble clone
GLSL, all in one or many shader programs?
OpenGL matrix vs DirectX matrix
DirectX UV Coordinates not responding?
Monster's AI in an Action-RPG
Getting and Setting Rotation in XNA around the Center of my Model with XNA
Bullet impact or force on cube in Blender
Should I take line thickness into consideration for a grid based light game?
Platforming - Hanging off of cliffs and edges?
Math and physics, where to start?
Floating Point Precision (fp:precise vs. fp:fast)
Island Generation Library
Scene graph in Unity3D
AndEngine: How to add multiple fixtures into body?
What is a currently a good game stack for simple Javascript 2D multiplatform game?
Only apply Advanced Graphics on high FPS Dynamically
glGetFloatv should it be avoided? Can it be replaced?
Technique for objects following each other in complete movement?
How can I scale player/enemy stats to balance the difficulty just right?
Distrubuted Rendering in a CAVE system
Sprite detect background color
Triangle Strips of Tetraheron
Ranking system in an Android Open Source project
First-Time GLSL Shadow Mapping Problems
How to implement friction in a physics engine based on "Advanced Character Physics"
Reducing Memory Use on OpenGL ES
How to detect collision in Unity3D without rigid bodies?
Can't work out how matrix is applied to 2D vertices
Game state management (Game, Menu, Titlescreen, etc)
Why I'm getting the same result when deleting target?
2d games unity vs Flash
In a client server first person shooter how does the server keep track of each player's hit boxes?
Implicity of "Objects" in component based design
Limit rotation heading by cone/angle
Connect Micromax A100 with Eclipse
Enter text in XNA?
applying rotation and speed to move user
if a desktop machine supports OpenGL 3.0+ I can assume that it supports OpenGL ES 2.0 too?
How to handle 3D collisions using raycasting (with a reflection vector?)
Issues with background coordinate configuration in objective c with runAction?
Why the clip space in OpenGL has 4 dimensions?
How to reconcile depth ordering with minimal shader context changes?
What's the difference between Tiled maps' various tilewidth/tileheight values?
moving in the wrong direction
Can I use an animated gif as a texture?
Making a mobile app from a board game. Copyright infringement?
Before multiplayer match setup
Entity component system - where did attributes and behaviors come from?
How to get started with a game engine?
Where can I find the library for org.newdawn.slick.opengl.Texture
Inputting cheat codes - hidden keyboard input
Should I distribute shaders in a compiled form or in plain text?
Problem with sounds in XNA
Order array of points in counter clockwise
Can an existing game be optimised by converting it to use cel-shading?
Component-based design: handling objects interaction
How can I customize an FPS game?
How i can sign and/or group a specific set of vertices in a 3D file container like OBJ ? - in Blender
Resolving bounding box collision detection
Android performance/issues with Corona SDK?
Looking for feedback on design pattern for simple 2D environment
Convenience of mySQL over xml
Gravity stops when side-collision detected
EXC_BAD_ACCESS error when box2d joint is destroyed
Wheel rotation, to change velocity of vehicle
working in external actionscript file does not show anything on the screen?
OpenGL Learning Material (that's up to date)
LWJGL GL_QUADS texture artifact
Model View Control Issue: Null Pointer Initialization Question
Java getResourceAsStream as local resource
Cocos2D Command-Line Application
Number of iterations to real time
Render a 3D scene in multiple windows - extended panoramic view
Free texture sites is it safe to use their content
Creating a navmesh from a voxel terrain
Asset missing problem XNA
Matrix camera, movement concept
GLSL vertex shaders with movements vs vertex off the screen
A specific but basic tutorial for Corona SDK?
Breakout... Getting the ball reflection X angle when htitting paddle / bricks
Game software design
Rendering Unity across multiple monitors
How can I implement a matchmaker?
Grid based collision - How many cells?
MenuStrip in XNA 4.0
Adjusting server-side tickrate dynamically
How can i jump to game development and continue career in 7 months?
Regarding sprite design and resolution for tablets and phones
Is there a grey-area with Copyright infringement?
moving box2d bodies in an arc or curved path
get coordinates of origin of coordinate system in second coordinate system by knowin matrices of one point in bith systems
Render 3d object to 2d surface (embedded system)
Hammer BSP file size inefficiency
Blender: Having trouble moving vertices
Tessellating to a curve?
Radiosity lightmap generation
How to prevent one account from unlocking products on other devices using Apple StoreKit?
How to implement auto-aiming / auto-targeting
Why lib3ds can't open this max model?
how to set usermassdata of dynamic body
Basic procedural generated content works, but how could I do the same in reverse?
How to draw Isometric game Back to front
What are the factors that determine the default frequency of a shader call?
Sprite Body can not stop
Calculating a line's normal for the purposes of collision
How to handle wildly varying rendering hardware / getting baseline
Fitting a rectangle into screen with XNA
Smooth drag scrolling of an Isometric map - Html5
Pathfinding library
Tweaking AStar to find closest location to unreachable destination
Collision detection doesn't work for automated elements in XNA 4.0
Can anyone recommend an AI sandbox?
Should we always prefer OpenGL ES version 2 over version 1.x
android game performance regarding timers
Converting world space coordinate to screen space coordinate and getting incorrect range of values
Create Levels using blender
C++ unmanaged inside winform
Animate on tap in XNA (Windows Phone)
Rotating voxels in 3d space amongst the x axis
Web-based interactive fiction engine?
How to use music in a simple game?
PHP city-sim castle layout
How to properly add texture to multi-fixture/shape b2Body
Efficient way to render tile-based map in Java
Back to front drawing in an Unorginized array of tiles
Game Asset Size Over Time
The reasons behind Unity3D engine design (game object/transform component)
Distributed Rendering in the UDK and Unity
Do game-theoretic considerations stand in the way of this market-based game-mechanic achieving its goals?
My game engine is done, how can I get ideas of a game to make with it?
Direction of the bullet - how to have something else than left, right, top, bottom
Restrict camera movements
Create a Texture2D from larger image
Explaining Asteroids Movement code
Getting Center and Radius of Irregural Object
Bubble sorting my array does not sort it
Checking collision of bullets and Asteroids
Please help with bounding box/sprite collision in darkBASIC pro
Confusing box2d forces
How to flip a BC6/BC7 texture?
P2P synchronization: can a player update fields of other players?
ERROR #342: DEVICE_SHADER_LINKAGE_SEMANTICNAME_NOT_FOUND
Colored Collision Detection
Creating multiple fixtures in one body
Heightmap in Shader not working
How are certain objects named in OpenGL?
How to convert Maya shaders and Renderman shaders to GLSL?
Algorithm for querying linearly through a non-linear list of questions
Platforms for sharing content and expertise
My Maya texture does not render at all in Open GL!
Source SDK Crash at loading screen?
Correct Rotation and Translation with a 4x4 matrix
Making retro games: Any good known game architectures?
Safe to advertise without a trademark?
Visual Studio 2012 and Game Development
How to create a Raining Effect(Particles) on Android?
What are the steps taken by this GLSL code?
Problem switching Scenes in AndEngine
How is the terrain generated in Commandos and Commandos game clones/look-alikes?
How to handle loading and keeping many bitmaps in an Android 2D game
Managing many draw calls for dynamic objects
How to solve ArrayList outOfBoundsExeption?
Models with more than one mesh in JMonkeyEngine
LibGdx drawing weird behaviour
Problem with D3DXMatrixReflect
Farseer Physics: Ways to create a Body?
How do I apply skeletal animation from a .x (Direct X) file?
Legality of AngelCode's BMFont
multiplayer networking with physics
Load Texture From Image Content In Runtime
What exactly does an installer do and why might I need one?
Collision Detection with SAT: False Collision for Diagonal Movement Towards Vertical Tile-Walls?
strange behavior in Box2D+LibGDX when applying impulse
2D animations frames vs 3D animation for small indie project: timing considerations
What is the necessary know-how to write an animation library (IK & FK)?
How to derive euler angles from matrix or quaternion?
Which iPhone/iPod Hardware to Support for iPhone Game
Sharing VBO with multiple objects and fixed size buffer data
Map and fill texture using PBO (OpenGL 3.3)
UDK and Protocol Buffers
Having the same texture data in different ID3D11Texture2D
Can't load vector font in Nuclex Framework
Single player game into Multiplayer game
Which one have to use Canvas or Open GL for 2D game in Android
Platformer gravity where gravity is greater than tile size
Game testing on Android - emulator or real devices?
Low-level game engine renderer design
Using MVC with a retained mode renderer
World of Warcraft like C++/C# server (highload)
Can I remove the systems from a component entity system?
How many players can UDK support without Networking
background animation algorithm for single screen
How to make my character slide (not bounce) off a slope
Adding delay between damage
What forms of non-interactive RPG battle systems exist?
Acceleration Based Player Movement
Intersection of player and mesh
How can I use WebGL to create a tile-based multi-layer scrolling platform game?
Why are triangle fans not supported in Direct3D 10 or later?
Can i add friction in air?
making a box2d body move along a Bezier curve/ arc path
Rain effect using DirectX 9 capabilities
How do I teach my artist to do art for games?
Why does my health bar disappear whenever my character takes damage?
Trademarks - a couple of questions
How do I efficiently generate chunks to fill entire screen when my player moves?
Randomly placing items script not working - sometimes items spawn in walls, sometimes items spawn in weird locations
android multitouch problem
Android Java: Way to effectively pause system time while debugging?
Making large scale changes to an economy in a social game
Why does my 3D model not translate the way I expect?
should users be asked to submit high score to leaderboard?
Control convention for circular movement?
Space invaders clone not moving properly
How to visually "connect" skybox edges with terrain model
Coding games similar to Machinarium in Java?
PokeMMO. How they do it?
Is the game Wakfu really fully coded in JAVA?
How to get GameElements (RigidBody) size in Unity?
Updating "Inactive" Chunks
iOS Game Center - Quit turn-based games for previous version of app
Calculating the correct particle angle in an outwards explosion
Where do you put assets on iOS 5.1 apps?
Game development using C# or .Net technology
OpenGLES how to make a 3D object iOS
Creating a 3D text mesh from a 2D glyph
how to create texture for modelmesh?
Game Development using C#.Net
Viewport.Unproject - Checking if a model intersects a large sprite
Entity System with C++
A Quick HLSL Question (How to modify some HLSL code)
rotating model around own Y-axis XNA
Move model forward base on model orientation
sprite animation system height recalculating has some issues
As an indie game dev, what processes are the best for soliciting feedback on my design/spec/idea?
Reacting to rectangle on rectangle collisions
In which directory to write game save files/data?
How can I access a pointer in a different function?
Unity3D: default parameters in C# script
Technical manager vs. Lead programmer
default xna 4.0 gametime dont works well for 2D physics
Correct way to use Farseer Physics in XNA
What technologies are used for Game development now days?
How can I easily create cloud texture maps?
Best Source Engine Tutorial Books/Sites?
Algorithmically generating neon layers on pixel grid
Smarty templating system really needed?
Why doesn't light continuous on my model?
How do I randomly generate a top-down 2D level with separate sections and is infinite?
Connect camera class to game
Box2d -- get free space
D3DXMatrixDecompose gives different quaternion than D3DXQuaternionRotationMatrix
How to use caching to increase render performance?
How to check battery usage of an iPhone/Android app?
Fourth texture = segmentation fault
Any link / tutorial of how to develop MVC pattern?
Tangent to a circle through a point
How do I write an interface for the keyboard and mouse input?
Blender: How to "meshify" an object I made from Bezier curves
Architects into videogames
Andengine. Put bullet to pool, when it leaves screen
How to offset particles from point of origin
Pathfinding and BSP with Box2D
Physics not synchronizing correctly over the network when using Bullet
SDL - Getting a single keypress event instead of a keystate?
Action-oriented AI: evasion-algorithm takes much time
Starting a career with broad experience or specific experience
C++ Database vs Reading Files
How do you pack resources, in a game when you have too many of them?
2D game world creation (libGdx, java)
Lost transparency in SDL surfaces drawn manually
Possible / How to render to multiple back buffers, using one as a shader resource when rendering to the other, and vice versa?
Changing gamma values in video settings screen?
Drawing graphics in Java game
error X3501: 'main': entrypoint not found
How can you represent equip-able items in a 2d game?
Sprite Animation using cocos2dx 2.0.2
Adding sub-entities to existing entities. Should it be done in the Entity and Component classes?
Stencyl or flash limitation?
C# - separate sprite for 2d character and arms
Unity custom shaders and z-fighting
Issue with TurnBased Multiplayer Game in Game-kit
Achieving more fluent movement
Algorithm to shoot at a target in a 3d game
How can I do unit testing in Unity?
Collision Detection fails with AI cars
Rendering another screen on top of main game screen in fullscreen mode
How to use batch rendering with an entity component system?
How to decompose sprite sheet
animate a drawn 2D image to move
Android, how important is deltaTime?
How to move Objects smoothly like swimming arround
Costs/profit of/when starting an indie company
j2me Bitmap font
How do I find out which functions are deprecated for specific OpenGL profiles?
Method for spawning enemies according to player score and game time
Is there a browser game engine with options of payments?
Custom extensible file format for 2d tiled maps
Playing a death anim on an enemy that I want to remove
How can I generate a 3d model via a series of transforms?
Speed, delta time and movement
GLSL Bokeh using Quads and Textures
Unit Testing with Cocos2D
Who use javaFX for commercial quality games?
How to work with two layers or more in cocos2d?
What kind of shader is this?
Selection of a mesh with arbitrary region
AS3 Stage3D Mouse click problem?
changing body type without change of center of mass
Predictive firing (in a tile-based game)
Understanding Unity3d physics: where is the force applied?
How do I implement camera axis aligned billboards?
Help my graphists sharing their work
Book and resource about vanilla OpenGL ES 2.0 development
XNA frame rate spikes in full screen mode
How do I render everything in software using XNA/C#?
OpenGL: Move camera regardless of rotation
What is Khronos EGL?
Alpha blend 3D png texture in XNA
GetContactList stops reporting collisions on welded bodies
State / Screen management in Entity Component Systems
Does XNA 4 support 3D affine transformations for 2D images?
Offset Forward vector of object based on Rotation
Off center projection
box2d tween what am I missing
How to get faster iteration times in android development
Issue with distinguishing levels in isometric game
Xbox thumbstick used to rotate sprite, basic formula makes it "stick" or feel "sticky" at 90 degree intervals! How do you get smooth rotation?
Pass large array to pixel shader
LibGDX - Check if currently on Android/Desktop
Bullet Physics implementing custom MotionState class
Strange behavior of RigidBody with gravity and impulse applied
Fixed texture size (Pixel) libgdx, java
OpenGL Lighting
Implementing a wheeled character controller
Get blocky look on textures some textures
How to get distance from point to line with distinction between side of line?
How to implement the light trails for a tron game?
Lua or C# beneficial over C++ for small, single person project?
graphical interface when using assembly language
Pix for visual studio express 2012 (Desktop)
searching for "university kind"  free online course about OPENGL
Does every Entity in an XNA game need it's own BasicEffect instance?
How do I add Destroy with radius on Java Slick2d?
My grid based collision detection is slow
Low CPU/Memory/Memory-bandwith Pathfinding (maybe like in Warcraft 1)
Networking library compatible C++ and Java
How do I make an entity move in a direction?
Understanding how to create/use textures for games when limited by power of two sizes
What should I worry about when changing OpenGL origin to upper left of screen?
Rotate model using quaternion
How can I create a spritesheet animation with big images?
2D SAT Collision Detection not working when using certain polygons (With example)
OpenGL 3.0+ framebuffer to texture/images
Is it possible create an HTML5 mobile game without the user having internet connection?
Negamax implementation doesn't appear to work with tic-tac-toe
How to code UI / HUD in Entity System?
Best Way To Develop Robust Cross-Platform Application?
Edge flicker when moving Camera (2D)
Thread.SetProcessorAffinity() equivalent for Windows?
How do I make a Java gave without a JFrame?
Will having many timers affect my game performance?
How could you model "scent trails" in a game?
Is there a simpler way to create a borderless window with XNA 4.0?
SDL: How would I add tile layers with my area class as a singleton?
How to implement custom texture formats in Android?
File Path Characters
Test your Mobile App's Code
Game engine like Unity 3D that allow me to use .NET code
Buffer System For Items
How to fetch only the sprites in the player's range of motion for collision testing? (2D, axis aligned sprites)
UDK ParticleSystem Problem
Why are game engines written in C++?
Techniques for displaying vehicle damage
Artifacts when draw particles with some alpha
How to create a simple side scroller game
Combining multiple sprites vs separate sprites
Simulating a sine wave/oscillating pattern for enemies
Learning XNA/Xbox Development
Networking middleware
Learning OpenGL GLSL - VAO buffer problems?
My Sprite comes out the screen
Implementing fog of war in opengl es 2.0 game
running GL ES 2.0 code under Linux ( no Android no iOS )
How would I be able to get a game over screen using the pause function?
how to do sprinkle effect of water in opengl in android?
How do I retain previously drawn graphics?
use of undeclared identifier 'GL_TEXTURE_COORD_ARRAY'
OpenGL 3+ Range Picking
Should I use OpenGL or DX11 for my game?
Semi Fixed-timestep ported to javascript
PHP Browser Game Question - Pretty General Language Suitability and Approach Question
Is it possible to update the livetile in XNA WP7 game?
Sprite sheet generator
Design leaderboard ratings for quiz games
Best system for creating a 2d racing track
Resurrecting XNA 3.0 projects
Techniques for separating game model from presentation
Game Clock Precision
Javascript Canvas Drawing Efficiency
Do I really need to "learn" C# for XNA if I know Java?
What causes the pre-1.8 Minecraft far lands to generate?
How do I run an iPhone GameSalad App on an iOS Device?
List of 3D libraries based on WebGL
Tiny Wings - Placing items
Can networking be platform independent in a libgdx game?
Getting Model & Movement from Blender to OGRE3D
HLSL problem with divide by homogeneous component
How are "game rules" considered as data, in data-driven engines?
How do I make my Slick2D game fullscreen?
What are Game Maker drawbacks?
Stats on Screen Size for Flash Games
2D Car Simulation with Throttle Linear Physics
Can I debug XNA Xbox 360 games on my PC?
Triangle Line-Segment Intersection - detecting near misses
returning correct multiTouch id
Threading iPhone
Performance tracking/monitoring in games
How do I drag my widgets without dragging other widgets?
Bullet Physics - Casting a ray straight down from a rigid body (first person camera)
Rotate sphere in Javascript / three.js while moving along x/z plane
Questions about an Engine Java
Implement Negascout Algorithm with stack
Struct Method for Loops Problem
Best practice for designing a risk-style board game
Slow Firefox Javascript Canvas Performance?
How can I get a 2D texture to rotate like a compass in XNA?
5.1 sound in Unity3d 3.5
XNA: Check if the sound is playing
How to make an Image still when at position at Slick 2D?
Unity3d - setting gameobject position by percentage of view
Why would Assets.getBytes returns null in a test environment?
What are the document grid settings in inkscape for making an isometric tilemap for tiled?
In a resource manager, how do I handle a resource containing other resources?
What is the correct way to implement hit detection with non-rectangular sprites?
Better way to generate enemies of different sub-classes
Designing Snake AI
XNA RTS A* pathfinding issues
Which all are the best Android 2D Java based gaming libraries / frameworks?
Collision Detection for a 2D RPG
Will C++ remain viable for game engines in somewhat distant future?
(Quaternion based) Trouble moving foward based on model rotation
CreateRenderTarget returns 0x80070057 in big surface resolution
Can applications using old versions of Opengl still run on newer cards?
Getting .mesh & .skeleton from Blender2Ogre export
Bullet pattern isn't behaving as expected
Inventory Item Exist checker
Data-driven animations
Importing 3d model with multiple skeletons
Diamond-square terrain generation problem
Collision and Graphics integration
Anti-cheat Javascript for browser/HTML5 game
Dirt compression from vehicle tires
Unity: parallel vectors and cross product, how to compare vectors
Game Server on Windows Azure
Is finding graph minors without single node pinch points possible?
Sprite batching seems slow
Kinect joint coordinates and XNA animation
two-part dice pool mechanic
2D Physics Engine to Handle Shapes Composed of Multiple Densities XNA
Calculate the intersection depth between a rectangle and a right triangle
Pitch camera around model
Checking if an object is inside bounds of an isometric chunk
What RPG game engine in JavaScript could I use?
Are the first three values that describe a 3D plane actually a 3D vector?
Circular movement - eliminating speed ups near Y = 0
General directions on developing a server side control system for JS/Canvas Action RPG
Can I name a team with the name of their city to avoid trademark issues?
Facilitating XNA game deployments for non programmers
XNA Xbox, utilizing multiple cores
Game resource timers - general implementation
What Scala-oriented game frameworks exist?
Possible to draw a select portion of a render target? (in XNA)
Proper way to use a RenderTarget2D to draw multiple textures?
Where can I find a programmer/game developer to team up with?
openGL ES - change the render mode from RENDERMODE_WHEN_DIRTY to RENDERMODE_CONTINUOUSLY on touch
Unable to access jar. Why?
sprite animation in openGL
How to loop section from a song correctly?
Why do most 2D platformers start off in the left and progress in the right direction?
What 2D game engines are there available for C++?
Blender DirectX exporter to Panda3D
Isometric Screen View to World View
Resource not found?
Would like some help in understanding rendering geometry vs textures
Xna model parts are overlying others
How to center a game in Flash Projector (like AdamAtomic's CAPSULE)
Better way to do AI Behavior in AS3/Flixel
Wrong faces culled in OpenGL when drawing a rectangular prism
3D space game development
Vertex Normals, Loading Mesh Data
Which version of OpenGL for Android?
Outline Shader Effect for Orthogonal Geometry in XNA
Novice prototyping a massive multiplayer webpage based gaming system
terminology: a position and a facing
Updating games for iOS 6 and new iPhone/iPod Touch
RagDoll in AndEngine
Kinect Hand tracking in xna
How can I create a VBO of a type determined at runtime?
How can I move a sprite in the direction it is facing?
webgame engine how does it works
When tracing how do I tell if I hit a wall or floor?
Ideas for 2d fire simulation
Checking for alternate keys with XNA IsKeyDown
What is this type of sound effect called?
AI Game Programming : Bayesian Networks, how to make efficient?
Is there any online programmer's community, focusing on core game development?
How can you put all images from a game to 1 file?
Dynamic libraries are not allowed on iOS but what about this?
Get Specific depth values in Kinect (XNA)
Exporting .FBX model into XNA - unorthogonal bones
Draw depth works on WP7 emulator but not device
WPF or WinForms for Game Development and learning resources?
Do you need expensive servers and fancy hosting in order to make a multiplayer game?
Using Event Driven Programming in games, when is it beneficial?
Pattern for performing game actions
Negamax for turn based game
What's the recommended way of doing a HUD for an android game?
Keeping rotation between two objects
How should I share variables between instances/classes?
Why is my shadowmap all white?
Platformer Enemy AI
Game Patching Mac/PC
A few meta questions about making flash games
Sprite animation in openGL - Some frames are being skipped
How to use outside int to be used in my class?
What is the best degree Computer Engineering or Software Engineering?
Little and big endianness in games
C# graph library to be used from Unity3D
Is there is IO text files in actionscript2 or 3?
Is an in-app purchase required to unlock game in order to bypass pirating acceptable?
Problems with Level Architect, Citrus Engine, Flash
Is it unprofessional to leave game resources to the open eye?
Can't get sprite to rotate correctly?
OOP in cocos2d for ios
Jump pads problem
Scrolling though objects then creating a new instace of this object
Designing a "Grid" like object that contains game objects
What are the advantages and challenges of using Haxe over ActionScript 3?
Permanently Sync a wiimote with a computer
How do I reconstruct depth in deferred rendering using an orthographic projection?
Collision between sprites in game programming?
How to get all child with same tag from CCLayer?
Pre baked fractures and explosion : I need an answer for C++
How do I create a Loading Scene in SLick?
Better way to implement iPhone Games targeting iPhone 4, 4S & 5
Information about rendering, batches, the graphical card, performance etc. + XNA?
How to work with edge Texture
How can be data oriented programming applied for GUI system?
Two graphical entities, smooth blending between them (e.g. asphalt and grass)
Collision detection with curves
Rotate triangle so that its tip points in the direction of the point on the screen that we last touched
Variables in static library are never initialized. Why?
Placing items randomly in a dynamically generated terrain
How do you set up PhysFS for use in a game?
2D Magnet-like repelling behavior
How to code a 4x shader/filter which emulates arcade crt display behavior?
Animation with non-uniform frame sizes
How to switch between views in android?
Vertex fog producing black artifacts
Is it possible to work with a dedicated server in XNA?
Object detection in bitmap JavaScript canvas
how do I add development build number each time I compile and play?
How to stop reducing life?
Client should send one big packet or multiple smaller ones per frame?
It is worth planning before jumping in the code?
How to decide how much to charge for development?
Do 3d assets cost a lot more than 2d?
failbit is being set and I can't figure out why
How do I generate a smooth random horizontal 2D tunnel?
Friction in 2D game
Free movement in a tile-based isometric game
Python library for scripting (C++ integration)
Admob banner not getting remove from superview
How long to display each sentence?
Interaction using Kinect in XNA
How to deal with large open worlds?
using lua in kobold2d to control parameters
Making AI jump on a spot effectively
Working out of a vertex array for destrucible objects
What's the standard location of a 3D clipping box?
OpenGL sprites and point size limitation
Client/Server game even in solo: any big problem?
How to do the Geometry Wars gravity well effect
Why does my game loop speed vary on different platforms with the same hardware?
Preventing item duplication?
How to achieve highly accurate car physics such as Liveforspeed?
Programming Paradigm for Games
Game window systems and internal frames
Box2D Bicycle Wheels Motor Problem - Flash 2.1a
How to code Time Stop or Bullet Time in a game?
Why are trees shining in background?
2D scene graph not transforming relative to parent
Huge 2d pixelized world
One-way platform collision
How do I render a 2D sprite in 3D space?
Depth buffer values reset on change shader?
Camera changes view when controller connected
Server-side Input
What's the difference between Canvas and WebGL?
Why does using glReadBuffer/glReadPixels returns black image on Intel cards?
Why is C++ used for game engines? How about its future in game engines?
Is it possible to emulate a MovieTexture with dynamically loaded images?
Rotate Body From Corner
Getting Started with Component Architecture: DI?
Game Development at iOS+Android Platform : Template Engine for UI
How can I show a texture in a separate window in an XNA game?
Android in-game pause screen
How to create array with unique sprites? in cocos2d iphone
Procedural object generation and unique identification
Get world coordinate under mouse (at a ground plane for Warcraft 3 like movement)
Simple (and fast) dices physics
Camera closes in on the fixed point
What is "top new free" on GooglePlay
Detecting a ledge in Box2D
How to make a Sprite using CoreGraphics iOS - Cocos2d-iPhone
How to change the default UDK game folder?
How do I make a moving object stop smoothly at the end of a path?
Lighting get darker when texture is aplied
Character coding / programming
collideWith Call Back Method
Draw multiple objects with textures
How to monetize and protect a engine's and its framework's copyrights and patents?
DrawIndexedPrimitives overdraws data in previous buffer if called in loop
Change collision action
Artifacts when using SamplerState.LinearClamp in SpriteBatch
How do I implement a selectable world map?
How can I correctly manage different utility classes between engine and libraries?
Creating an interactive grid for a puzzle game
2D Grid based game - how should I draw grid lines?
Slide 2d Vector to destination over a period of time
Large Sprite Performance
Best way to mask 2D sprites in XNA?
2D SAT How to find collision center or point or area?
Which isometric angles can be mirrored (and otherwise transformed) for optimization?
How should VertexBuffers be used with Multiple Monitors in DirectX 9
pointers to member functions in an event dispatcher
ECS, databases, XML and serialization
How to I get a rotated sprite to move left or right?
How to pass an interface to Java from Unity code?
Java 2D Tile Collision
How to implement curved movement while tracking the appropriate angle?
Find out what word you are hovering mouse over
Texture not rendering in correct order in xna 4?
Entity System and rendering
How to remove the FPS text on slick2d?
Custom shadow mapping in Unity 3D Free Edition
Naming conventions for external resources?
What is a good starting project to get up to speed with vectors and vector math?
Trying to figure out SDL pixel manipulation?
Rotate to a set degree then stop Unity
Comparing a saved movement with other movement with Kinect
Depth interpolation for z-buffer, with scanline
MarteEngine Tile Collision
How can I implement an Iris Wipe effect?
Orthogonal projection and world transform
C++ Game Engine Book/Tutorial/Anything recent?
How do I use D3DXVec3Unproject with D3D11?
Getting velocity in only one plane (X) in Kismet (UDK)
Good practices while working with multiple game engines, porting a game to a new engine
Circle-Rectangle collision in a tile map game
Complementing Ogre3D and C++
MMO Data Persistence Question
Real life example of an agile game development process outputs
Creating models in 3ds max and exporting as .x for XNA
Smooth pixels while rotating sprite
Updating physics for animated models
How to draw realtime 3D amoebas in OpenGL?
Deep Cloning C++ class that inherits CCNode in Cocos2dx
OpenGL Get Rotated X and Y of quad
Embed IF text parser in another game?
Rotating a child shape relative to its parent's orientation
Trouble with AABB collision response and physics
How do I make time?
How can you run events after a set amount of time in SFML 2.0?
How does one save a procedural world?
Drawing application on OpenGL for iOS (iPad)
Is it possible to map mouse coordinates to isometric tiles with this coordinate system?
In a casual top-down racing game, should collisions affect the car's engine?
How do I multiply pixels on an SDL Surface?
How to determine the end of list has been reached?
Is OpenGL 1.x deprecated?
Is it possible to make/translate a 3d engine to ruby on rails?
Choosing the correct network protocol for my type of game (its Wc3 Warlock style)
Are there tools available for building hierarchical sprite-based objects in games like Vector Man or Gunstar Heroes?
How do I calculate the boundary of the game window after transforming the view?
Why is the framerate (fps) capped at 60?
Is it the class that slows down the game?
Randomly spawning bitmaps on cnvas
How to emulate Mode 13h in a modern 3D renderer?
Help, i cant reference my vars!
Separating UI and logic in Objective-C at iOS based Games
Group arrival steering
Confuse with OpenGL, SFML, and its library
(int) Math.floor(x / TILESIZE) or just (int) (x / TILESIZE)
Physics-based dynamic audio generation in games
Deleting a game object causing an access violation
rotate sprite and shooting bullets from the end of a cannon
Workflow with Flash Pro CS6 and FlashDevelop: Using fla and swc to store assets
What's the difference between mesh and a model?
How is an HTML5 game sold?
Is 2 lines of push/pop code for each pre-draw-state too many?
frame lock networking
Spriting Animation Method
How to build a turn-based multiplayer "real time" server
Using copyrighted sprites
How to fly enemies like galaxian game enemies?
Marmalade SDK 6.1: missing Studio UI Builder
Rotate an image in a scaled context
Issue with Mapping Textures to Models in Blender
Moving in a diamond - enemy gets stuck
Extract derived 3D scaling from a 3D Sprite to set to a 2D billboard
How can I repeat only a portion of an image in Javascript?
ricocheting off a wall
How do I implement deceleration for the player character?
How can I make Maya export a mesh as double-sided?
Can a high FPS negatively affect how a program runs?
Pros and cons of using dlls
How do you set the movement speed of a sprite?
How to limit click'n'drag movement to an area?
How to Generate Spritesheet from a 'problematic' animated Symbol in Flash Pro CS6?
How to stop my object once a collision is detected in XNA?
Turn based game - HTTP or WebSocket?
Now that Device Central is dead, how can I test my Flash Lite applications?
Handling player logoff and logon in a persistent world without breaking immersion
Seeking first-hand information about cow intelligence, compared to other barnyard animals
How can I ease the work of getting pixel coordinates from a spritesheet?
How to apply a filter to the screen of a running program?
Multi-threaded JOGL Problem
Can these game be fully coded in html5/javascript?
Best practices on separating Update and Draw on game loop
Given a RGB color x, how to find the most contrasting color y?
XNA GameTime TotalGameTime slower than real time
Using 2D sprites and 3D models together
Finding shapes in 2D Array, then optimising
Dynamic Components
XNA 2D Rotated Rectangle Collision Response
Data structure for bubble shooter game
Music Rhythm Game Difficulty Question
Rendering performance in FlasCC + UDK when compared to Stage3d and UDK on Windows?
Turn based battle and formula
Rotate a vector
Unity Frustum Culling Issue
creating a simulation game,  what type of knowledge is needed?
Lua GameDev iOS - Code on win and mac
Settings object with singleton pattern
Client and Server game update speed
How do I detect collision between movie clips?
Toggle Fullscreen at Runtime
How to create a curve from a set of points that passes through said points?
colliding btRigidBody objects behave strangely when moving slowly
Saving virtual goods balance in Android Game
Models from 3ds max lose their transformations when input into XNA
Finding cubes in frustum
Objects won't render when Texture Compression + Mipmapping is Enabled
Moving a body in a specific direction using XNA with Farseer Physics
How can I achieve a 3D-like effect with spritebatch's rotation and scale parameters
How do I make a rope from point A to B in Box2D?
How would you UV unwrap an octahedron?
Circle physics and collision using vectors
RPGMakerVX - Changing item_max?
How to design 2D collision callback methods?
Uniform not being applied to proper mesh
2d game view camera zoom, rotation & offset using 'Filter' / 'Shader' processing?
Camera wont stay behind model after pitch, then rotation
Unity 5.1 audio issues (no sound in back channels)
Where does the light come from, using Maya/Panda3D?
melonJS: Entity and solid block on collision layer
Shuffle tiles position in the beginning of the game XNA Csharp
Is this a reliable method of parsing glGetShaderInfoLog()?
How do I draw a texture to a MSTerrain object?
Nape physics - Moving a body 
Extracting Frustum Planes (Hartmann & Gribbs method)
Is there any relation between Game Theory and Game Development?
What is the point in using real time?
Billboarding + aligning with velocity direction
how to calculate intersection time and place of multiple moving arcs
tunnel effect cocos2d
Legal concerns with orchestrating a music submission contest
Building a touch event driven UI from scratch: what algorithms or data types?
Best C++ Portable time library for game development
How to make an object stay relative to another object
Game Database Connectivity Java
How can I protect my games?
Animate sprite/texture position with VBO
How can I generate a navigation mesh for a tile grid?
Where does the money to make a video game come from?
Farseer Physics for Xna missing ConvertUnits class
Game Messaging System Design
How can I handle copyrighted music?
In-App Billing Library for Android Game
Has anyone tried using one of those BAAS providers to create mobile games?
Can I use remade sprites in my game?
Creating a newspaper that effects the game's economy?
Crash due to removal of Elements like CCSprite from NSMutableArray
Game based on Ajax polling for 12 players
How would I balance a multiplayer competitive game
Level and Player objects - which should contain which?
Knowing state of game in real time
Unity Particle System collision detection problem
Drawing "Stenciled" Sprites and making them glow
Displaying text letter by letter
OpenGL Fast-Object Instancing Error
Can I sell Windows Phone 7 games on the marketplace from India?
$0.99 or Free with Virtual goods - Revenue Model for mobile games
How to draw textures on a model
Hills in a topdown game
Monogame vs ANX vs Delta engine
Should I use javascript to make a windows 8 game?
Limit the amount a camera can pitch
Where might a newbie programmer begin with game development?
Is there a way to export 3D objects with animation from Blender or any other app into OpenGL ES 1.1 code?
Sprite Animation in Android with OpenGL ES
Camera not staying behind model while moving in circle
How should I generate and store the boundries of a cave?
WebGL: Texture appears as black
Are there specific benefits to using XNA for 2D development if you don't plan on releasing on xbox/windows phone?
Virtual Economy Setup - Virtual currencies advice
Game Asset Management
Get SFML to report the version of OpenGL that is being used
Interleaving Arrays in OpenGL
how to keep display tick rate steady when using continuous collision detection?
Logic behind a checkers game?
Color based collision detection
How to adjust position relative to resolutions?
Sprite batching in OpenGL
Android 2D terrain scrolling
Game Maker Studio Gravity Problems
Rendering projectiles
OpenGL, objects disappear at a certain z distance
Geometry shader for multiple primitives
Wheel Joint Implementation in AndEngine
Game programming and quantity of timers
canvas graphic output doesn't work
Making an efficient collision detection system
XNA - Obtaining depth from the scene's render target?
Can't use SFML sprite drawing and OpenGL rendering at the same time
How can I write data to a file that users can't easily edit?
windows phone 7 apps marketplace paid to free
How to use Pixel Bender (pbj) in ActionScript3 on large Vectors to make fast calculations?
detect asset change while running in unity editor?
Why does unity obj import flip my x coordinate?
What is the best way to get into game development and learn how to program with graphics?
Debugging-Setting Consoles in Games
Building View Matrix in Direct3D11
Scan-Line Z-Buffering Dilemma
Fast, accurate 2d collision
How do patches in games work?
XNA move from start position to target position exactly in 3D
Polygonal Triangulation - algorithm with O(n log n) complexity
Determining a point that reached another point
Embedding Pygame to C++
Adjust treble and bass on Audio in XNA
'Spring' physics
How Do Day Night Cycles Work?
Counting no.of bodies present in certain area in box2d?
Create Adventure Game Scene/Room/Backdrop from Real Photo
how can i get rotation vector from matrix4x4 in xna?
Issue with importing model to xna
Is it must to use 3rd party framework to use to develop adobe stage3d game
Best practice for setting Effect parameters in XNA
What is balance needed between testing the game mechanic (play testing) and testing the code
Box2dWeb positioning relative to HTML5 Canvas
Does an inventory limit in an MMORPG make sense?
How do I rotate a sprite so that it is 'pointing' in the direction it is moving?
How do I protect sending scores from HTML5 games to my server
How do I make a circular hole inside an editable poly without boolean operations?
Shadow mapping: what is the light looking at?
How can I implement a "20 Questions" algorithm?
Which is the way to pass parameters in a drawableGameComponent in XNA 4.0?
3D rotation matrices deform object while rotating
Can I use a genetic algorithm for balancing character builds?
How can I guarantee a solvable Fifteen Puzzle shuffle?
Why does the X Y Z translations now rotate along with my static meshes?
Collision detection, stop gravity
Why doesn't Unity's OnCollisionEnter give me surface normals, and what's the most reliable way to get them?
Integrating SQLite to Cocos2d-x at Xcode
What is the process for getting a dev-kit for Xbox 360 to allow native coding
Why doesn't MoveBy work in this example?
Text on a model
How do I add AndEngine documentation in Eclipse?
Advices fo starting a video game design career
AndEngine player, background and camera
How does Minecraft render its sunset and sky?
Which are the cons of using only non-member functions and POD?
Should Vector3 inherit from Vector2?
Convert rotation from Right handed System to left handed
How can I use multiple meshes per entity without breaking one component of a single type per entity?
Lifting vehicles (and spawners) using InterActors, strange collisions causing flying vehicles
Why does the location of my vehicle spawner change when I open a matinee?
How to create an extensible rope in Box2D?
Directional Lights
Rotating a sprite to touch
what is the best way to use loops to detect events while the main loop is running?
What's the best way to handle slopes for a platfomer game using Box2D
What sort of data should be sent for mouse-based movement in a multiplayer game?
Should I always be checking every neighbor when building voxel meshes?
multipass shadow mapping renderer in XNA
Drawing multiple triangles at once isn't working
Quaternion based rotation and pivot position
Arbitrary Rotation about a Sphere
Animating a 3D model with XNA
Coding Dynamic Events?
MMORPG design for time-limited players
How do you ensure consistent experience across multiple graphics cards (or even driver versions)?
Why might a Projectile hitting a KActor only call HitWall, and not ProcessTouch?
How to remove bezier handle in 3dsmax?
How to collide with a 45degree wall in XNA
Maya 6 vs Maya 2013
Having a list of rooms with theirs connection to each other, how do I find isolated room groups?
Why circles are not created if small?
cocos2d/OpenGL multitexturing problem
PHP Battle System for RPG game
How to store and update data table on client side (iOS MMO)
How to get a point to the left/right of a vector
How much memory can i safely use on android?
Maya and Game Engines (i.e. Environment Testing)
Light on every model and not in the whole scene
Actually utilizing relational databases for entity systems
Should I use an SQL database to store data in a desktop game?
How do I properly center Nifty GUI elements on screen?
Affect movieclip scale from a .as doc to another
Confusion about Rotation matrices from Euler Angles
How do I implement Unreal-like object serialization?
How to implement explosion in OpenGL with a particle effect?
How to produce assets effectively on large Flash game projects?
Collision detection on a 2D hexagonal grid
Sony PSM SDK's 2D game engine
Specifying force and angle in ApplyImpulse in box2d
Collaboration platforms
SDL2 with OpenGL -- weird results, what's wrong?
Read only array, deep copy or retrieve copies one by one? (Performance and Memory)
Random World Generation
MMO market (subscribe model, not play for free)
What's a good entity hierarchy for a 2D game?
Panning a 3d viewport in 2d direction with rotated camera
Unity3d: Box collider attached to animated FBX models through scripts at run-time have wrong dimension
How can I implement smooth rotation from one direction to another?
What are some methods which can be applied to make arcade-highscore games fun/interesting?
Protecting the integrity of a game state while minimizing amount of data sent
Can I randomly generate an endless road?
A simple example of movement prediction
How do I prevent a KActor from changing the orientation of its Z-Axis?
Initial direction of intersection between two moving vehicles?
Do I lose/gain performance for discarding pixels even if I don't use depth testing?
How do I detect ledges?
Jumping Logic Issues
Why is this 8 puzzle unsolvable?
Is there a expected set of button mappings games commonly use?
How do I know if I've gone too far with processing things in a game?
How do I get bullets to move in the direction of the mouse's position?
Error in my Separating Axis Theorem collision code
How do I apply a force using the object direction and speed?
Whats the potential for actionscript flash?
Partial Shader Signatures HLSL D3D11 C++
State machine interpreters
TGA loader: reverse y-axis
How can I achieve this lighting with OpenGL?
Draw Cards and Eliminate Cards Problem
Color sprite tint with opacity in MonoGame/XNA
Drawing an arrow cursor on user dragging in XNA/MonoGame
Why distant objects are being drawn in front of close objects?
Read an object from compressed file generated from ActionScript 3
Storing a hex grid
Attach my sprite with Box2d
How to detect the device type in UnrealScript?
Vector transform equation explanation
Spreadsheets in Game Design?
How to hide assets from user? ( e.g.: a png file )
Getting individual sprites from png sprite sheets?
What's best to use OTF or TTF?
Is there any quick and easy way to make all bodies visible with Farseer physics engine for XNA?
jBullet Collision/Physics not working as expected
Is there any heuristic to polygonize a closed 2D raster shape with n triangles?
Long running calculation on background thread
Does the order of vertex buffer data when rendering indexed primitives matter?
Billboarding restricted to an axis (cylindrical)
How to decide face side of sprite
High CPU usage on Pong clone
Snake Game Help
Drawing an animation over an already drawn screen
What is the breakdown of jobs in game development?
SDL blitting multiple surfaces at once
Best way to Draw a cube for 3D Picking on a specific face
The need to reduce mesh count
How can unrealscript halt event handler execution after an arbitrary number of lines with no return or error?
Algorithm for approximating sihlouette image as polygon
Make game for iPhone only
Game Center: Leaderboard score inconsistencies
Logic in Entity Components Systems
Calculating a child object's Position, Rotation and Scale values?
AndEngine Box2d game
How do I deal with the problems of a fast side-scroller?
2D lighting theory: day-and-night cycle, spot lights at night
Simulate 'Shock absorbtion' with tire rubber in PhysX (2.8.x)
How should I set up UDK with Git and CruiseControl?
Does somebody know of a testcase(s) of libRocket
Is there a way to legally create a game mod?
Where can I find a basic algorithm for parsing tiled maps?
Data model for unlockable card collection
Implementing hitbox polygon
setting the position in different resolution
How to make 2D water like in this video?
Application using JOGL stays in Limbo when closing
Color Picking Troubles - LWJGL/OpenGL
Fixing a collision detection bug in Slick2D
Timestep schemes for physics simulations
Client Side Prediction for a Look Vector
How do dialog trees work?
Shortcut for NodeJS server
How do I sync client and server when sending player speed changes?
2-d lighting day/night cycle
How do I use Objective-C libraries in Cocos2d-x?
How can I set the rotation of a shape to the same as my image?
Box2d too much for Circle/Circle collision detection?
Setting density for Android game
Algorithm to simplify building/structural meshes
Deferred contexts and inheriting state from the immediate context
Scaling sprite velocity / co-ordinates in Android
What is the cost of custom made 2D game sprites?
Best approach to 2D racing game AI?
How can I acheive a smooth 2D lighting effect?
Monogame/SharpDX - Shader parameters missing
Direct2D gamma correction
How can you store item data from a game?
Rotating a cube using jBullet collisions
How to make my simple round sprite look right in XNA
How do I switch from XNA to C++?
How can I convert a model's rigging from standard bones to a biped in 3DS Max?
Rotating multiple points at once in 2D
OpenGL: Light at end of tunnel effect
What programming language were PS1 games written in?
Need efficient way to keep enemy from getting hit multiple times by same source
State changes in entities or components
Circle vs Edge collision detection / resolution
How to determine which thrusters to turn on to rotate the ship?
How to store an iOS game save file in multiple devices? (Without remote servers)
Why does Unity3D crash in VirtualBox?
If I draw a rectangle, then extrude it, will it be identical to a box?
Multiple textures on a mesh created in blender and imported in xna
assigning values to shader parameters in the XNA content pipeline
Video playback in games - formats & decoding
DirectX 11 Constant Buffers vs Effect Framework
Characteristics, what's the inverse of (x*(x+1))/2?
Need help revolving a 2D array
Copies of GameScene created when called additional times
forward rendering and multiple shadow maps
Send less Server Data with "AFK"
How do I swap two objects in C# (specifically Mono) without triggering GC?
How do I stop stretching during window re-size in XNA?
Separate collision mesh model?
SharpDx: using maximized RenderForm
How to update entity states and animations in a component-based game?
How to get a good picture of the health of a level-based game from analytics?
GPU based procedual terrain borders?
Level of detail algorithm not functioning correctly
random spike in delta time
Turn-based Strategy Loop
Lerping to a center point while in motion
Platform game collisions with Block
What is the purpose of glScissor?
Are there any comprehensive resources for learning Google's PlayN framework?
Logic that can traverse all possible layouts, but not checking every combination of identical pieces?
Draw Rectangle To All Dimensions of Image
In XNA, how should I organize content shared between projects?
Is it worth learning XNA now?
Is ActionScript 3 used by Serious Indie Developers?
References about Game Engine Architecture in AAA Games
How to handle shoot instructions, in a multiplayer TD
Why do we move the world instead of the camera?
javascript game loop and game update design
Greiner-Hormann clipping problem
Rendering multiple squares fast?
Android Array Lag?
Movement on the X an Z axis are combined?
Architectural approaches to creating a game menu/shell overlay on PC/Linux?
Character equipment combinations
fast 3d point -> cuboid volume intersection test
"Marching cubes" voxel terrain - triplanar texturing with depth?
ArrayList of Entites Random Movement
How a "Collision System" should be implemented?
matrix to transform unit cube to space defined by 8 arbitrary points
Data for bingo tickets
How to model / where to store relational data between classes
Implementing an automatic navigation mesh generation for 2d top down map?
Random Movement for multiple entities
Actor and Sprite, who should own these properties?
Z Order in 2D with orthographic projection and texture atlas
How to access variables of uninitialized class?
Beginner C# image loading woes - NullReferenceException
Making a game engine or using Unity3D?
Will setInterval give me Delay?
How do I animate a tilemap in Flixel?
Online Android Game Server
Voice artist for a game for kids
How to alter image pixels of a wild life bird?
Detecting long held keys on keyboard
"LNK2001: unresolved external symbol" when trying to build my program
samplerCubeShadow and texture offset
Is there a way to use scala with html5?
Game Physics: Implementing Normal Reaction from ground correctly
Player rewards in games where you normally have nothing to purchase
Should components have sub-components in a component-based system like Artemis?
knowing all available entity types
C# XNA 2D Multiple boxes collision detection and movement
How to send multiple MVP matrices to a vertex shader in OpenGL ES 2.0
How to create a thread in XNA for pathfinding?
UI mockups to the code
Is there a multiplayer game engine where you can write the logic in any programming language?
Realistic Jumping
Hit Detection When rotating the camera
What exactly does the XNA resdistributable installer do?
Scene graphs and spatial partitioning structures: What do you really need?
Can I create a Star Wars game without infringing copyright?
How do I create a selection rectangle?
My frustum culling is culling from the wrong point
how to render small texture on another texture?
How do you deal with transitions in animating walking?
cocos2d mask rotation
HTML5 game programming style
Drag Gestures - fractional delta values
XNA 2D vehicle wall collisions
Wait till all CCActions have completed
Depth is disabled - How to turn on?
How do graphics evolve so much on the same console hardware?
Need to produce an animated texture of Water where each image tiles in all directions
In a Tower defense game, how to do buffs/debuffs
Cannot find the Cocos2d templates
How to correct shooting in touch-screen shooting games?
How does gluLookAt work?
Faster 2D Collision detection
Moving the jBullet collision body to with the player object
Better ways of handling the server for a Multiplayer Browser Based Game
How can I speed up this design?
What are the disadvantages of client-side prediction?
How to convert pitch and yaw to x, y, z rotations?
SDL_DisplayFormat works, but not SDL_DisplayFormatAlpha
XNA Game Timer Help
How to capture the screen in DirectX 9 to a raw bitmap in memory without using D3DXSaveSurfaceToFile
Rotation of viewplatform in Java3D
What are good ways to find collaborators for a coding weekend?
Amazon GameCircle Integration
Formula for three competing heroes, each has one they can beat and one they're beaten by
3D rotation tool. How can I add simple extrusion?
3d vertex translated onto 2d viewport
LWJGL Text Rendering
How important is Programming for a Level Designer?
UDK license (DLLBind)
Why does my model render differently than its preview?
Is it safe to run multiple XNA ContentManager instances on multiple threads?
SDL_image & OpenGL Problem
Where to implement storable items
which platform to choose for designing a game
Passing elapsed time to the update function from the game loop
What programming languages are sufficient for web browser game development?
LWJGL - OpenGL - Texture shading
Load order in XNA?
Are there tools for testing multiplayer code?
Drawing order in XNA
What would be a good way to implement/render a 2D tiled map for a browser game?
Rotating 2D Object
How to read BC4 texture in GLSL?
Safe zone implementation in Asteroids
How to begin serious game development (in C++)
Android loading screens blocking, good practice?
correct pattern to handle a lot of entities in a game
How do I do random isometric paths?
Developing an ELO like point system for a multiplayer gaming site
How to choose cell to put entity in in an uniform grid used for broad phase collision detection?
Turning to face mouse
Index out of bounds, Java bukkit plugin
Best depth sorting method for a Top Down 2D game using a 3D physics engine
Whats the right program for me?
Scanline filling of polygons that share edges and vertices
Creating practically solvable 15 puzzle inputs
Foreach loop with 2d array of objects
2-components color model
2D pathfinding - finding smooth paths
Basic Use of ApplyImpulse
Java game object pool management
What is the XACT API?
Pygame Import Error, Python 3.2
What is a fast way to darken the vertices I'm rendering?
XNA Inheritence via Texture2D
Find a partner to build a game with
What's wrong with this turn to face algorithm?
Consistency of DirectX models
How can I make an infinite cave using stage3d?
2D OBB collision detection, resolving collisions?
Farseer Physics Engine and the Ms-PL License
Migration from XNA to SharpDX
GUI Library for MonoGame
Torque2D, Class vs Datablock
How can I refactor my code to use fewer singletons?
Passing multiple Vertex Attributes in GLSL 130
How to make this game loop deterministic
How to Draw texture between 2 Vector3
Unable to Call Instantiate in Class Member Function
XNA + Windows Forms: How make them work together without making the trick of the custom GraphicsDeviceControl?
What is the current state of 2D game SDK's
How to add a ramp in a flash game?
Game has noticeable frame drops but when through a profiler it always runs smooth
multi-thread in mmorpg server
Problem animating in Unity/Orthello 2D. Can't move gameObject
Inter Quake Model IQM render Directx9
Where to start learning OpenGL with C++?
Guitar hero clone and music
how to make a continuous machine gun sound-effect
Is it possible to use a spherical collision component in UDK?
How can I store spell & items using a std::vector implementation?
What is the best way to implement collision detection using Bullet physics engine and a track generated from a curve?
DX9 Deferred Rendering, GBuffer displays as clear color only
XNA GUI: Creating a 'scroll pane' widget
How to manage my model
Custom Content Pipeline with Automatic Serialization Load Error
Best way to generate pieces in match-3 games, and then tracking them?
Blender multiple animations and Collada export
Examples of 2D side-scrollers that achieve open non-linear feel?
How Good Is The Xbox 360's Hardware?
Is It More Efficient To Make Games In Languages I Like?
Errors compiling XNA project Windows 8?
Help needed throwing a ball in AS3
How to get a Read-Write Reference to Parent GameObject from a script component attached to it?
Portal View/Projection Matrix near plane
How to get tilemap transparency color working with TiledLib's Demo implementation?
Side scroll game with 8000xScreen_Height, which technique is best
Car Modelling for race game
what does AngleVectors method in quake 3 source code does
Moving camera, or camera with discrete "screens"?
MMORPG Server architecture: How to handle player input (messages/packets) while the server has to update many other things at the same time?
Player Movement
How to add isometric (rts-alike) perspective and scolling in unity?
How can I plot a radius of all reachable points with pathfinding for a Mob?
Implementing a multilanguage AI contest platform
Question about creating a sprite based 2-D Side Scroller with scaling/zooming
XNA Deferred Shading, Replace BasicEffect
How can I cleanly and elegantly handle data and dependancies between classes
Creating a retro-style palette swapping effect in OpenGL
Cry Engine 3 vs UDK
Adding Vertices to a dynamic mesh via Method Call
How do I autogenerate gradient lighting?
How do I check on non-transparent pixels in a bitmapdata?
How to normalize the direction to check if the player is able to move?
Single and Double Jump with single button.
Best pathfinding for a 2D world made by CPU Perlin Noise, with random start- and destinationpoints?
XNA 4.0: Problem with loading XML content files
GPU optimization question: pre-computed or procedural?
Difference between libgdx and andengine
Maximum number of controllers Unity3D can handle
Making a Photo Hunt Game using Javascript and HTML5
More Efficient Data Structure for Large Layered Tile Map
Writing an autopilot for a 2d game with newtonian physics
How to Handle frame rates and synchronizing screen repaints
Concatenate variable name
How can I tell whether an object is moving CW or CCW around a connected path?
Re-sizing the form without scaling the GUI
Making A Game Manager C#
C# XNA Make rendered screen a texture2d
How do I use Content.Load() with raw XML files?
Legal considerations when starting a game development team
OpenGLES GLSL Shader attributes always bound to 0
A methodology for creating simple sprite games (without programming technology)
Collision Detection Game Design and Architecture
How reimport a package in UDK with command line?
Keep 3d model facing the camera at all angles
Why do my 512x512 bitmaps look jaggy on Android OpenGL?
How do I protect my game's IP?
Is it ok to initialize an RB_ConstraintActor in PostBeginPlay?
rotating spheres
what is the best way to make a bunch of platforms appear randomly on a JFrame but close enough the player can reach them?
2D Game Help In XNA
Help with Collision Resolution?
If I project a sphere in 3D will it be a circle?
Techniques to prevent non-official clients in network gaming?
How to display text and numbers in SFML 2.0
Is there any map maker for javaME game?
General approach to isometrics
Calculating distance from viewer to object in a shader
How to protect Lua scripts in IOS game?
How to make the game wait for an animation to finish?
IrrKlang with Ogre
Should I be worrying about limiting the number of textures in my game?
Networking Client Server Packet logic (How they communicate)
Comprehension question to MVC Pattern in Game Programming
How can you easily determine the textureRect for tiled maps in SFML 2.0?
How can I convert OBJ data into CSS3D transformations?
Detecting pixels in a rotated Texture2D in XNA?
Modular building technique with angles? (A roof)
Do games use threads?
Get coordinates of arraylist
Move penetrating OBB out of another OBB to resolve collision
Move Background in AndEngine for a Racing Game
OOP implementation of BUFFS and Stats. Suggestion
What is the best way to check if there is overlap between player and static, non-collidable items in bullet physic engine
Load SpriteFont in XNA
What is technical specs for iOS platform for a game?
How do I enlarge a SpriteFont without it becoming blurry?
AndEngine Sprite position
OpenGL ES 2. How do I Create a Basic Fading Streak Effect?
Seeking an C/C++ OBJ geometry read/write that does not modify the representation
What kind of math should I be expecting in advanced programming?
is wisdom of what happens 'behind scenes' (in compiler, external DLLs etc.) important?
Is it possible exchange points between players using Game Center?
Does SFML render graphics outside the window?
Problem when texturing triangles using glVertexPointer()
Pygame Tile Based Character movement speed
XNA 4.0 - Purple/Pink Tint Over All Sprites After Viewing in FullScreen
Task Core dividing
What features should a good DirectX game engine contain?
How to do pre-loading
How to select a random node
How handle Nifty initialization in a Slick2D state based game?
How do I draw a scene with 2 nested frames
DirectX 9.0c Lights?
How can I make smoother upwards/downwards controls in pygame?
How does Against The Wall create an infinite wall?
Finding the normals of an oriented bounding box?
Engine for 2D Top-Down Physics-Based Skeletal Animation
How do I render an entire frame to a Texture2D?
How to have operations with character/items in binary with concrete operations?
Custom inventory items based on inheritance
Looking for a library to create a grid based first person game online
Which purpose do armor points serve?
UDK and C++, is it possible?
2D Tile Game - Smooth Biome Terrain Transitions
How to rotate camera centered around the camera's position?
In-Game Encyclopedias
Problem with Ogmo Editor (is Tiled Editor a solution?)
Sending A Class Packet
How can I reflect a point with respect to the plane?
Cross & dot product using ASSIMP's aiVector3t vector class
Infinite detail inside Perlin noise procedural mapping
Bad FPS for smaller size (OpenGL ES with SDL)
can't spot the error. Trying to increment
How to get the Exact Collision Point and ignore the collision (from 2 "ghost bodies")
Speed up lighting in deferred shading
How to create a reasonably sized urban area manually but efficiently
What is the order-less rendering technique that allows partial transparency?
Point of contact of 2 OBBs?
Group Matchmaking
Rotate an object given only by its points?
Optimal way to learn DirectX?
How do I convert my matrix from OpenGL to Marmalade?
Dynamic Terrain Texture
Jump handling and gravity
Stencil mask with AlphaTestEffect
Farseer Physics Samples and Krypton how to reference game
Alternatives to Component Based Architecture?
trapped inside a Graph : Find paths along edges that do not cross any edges
Absorbtion 2d image effect
How do I calculate opposite of a vector, add some slack
coordinate transformation
How to avoid circular dependencies between Player and World?
Making a perfect map (not tile-based)
How can I move an object in an "infinity" or "figure 8" trajectory?
how to change the number of rendered frames in Blender
2D Collision detection for Pinball Game
Fighting Game and input buffering
Splitting Graph into distinct polygons in O(E) complexity
Confusing Callbacks
How to use NGUI with Unity
How to implement a birds eye view of 2D Grid Map using Android
How do you clean up textures that are too photo-realistic to match the rest of your game assets?
Non-object-oriented game tutorials
Are there official button images for the xbox controller that I can get for free?
How to add text box in slick2d?
Camera lookAt target changes when rotating parent node
How do you turn a cube into a sphere?
Ray Tracing concers: Efficient Data Structure and Photon Mapping
How to pick a 3D object with known mouse coordinates if the camera is rotated 60 degrees?
The underlying mechanism in 'yield return www' of Unity3D Game Engine
Simple Multiplayer CCG System
What is the best way to generate income from mobile games?
GLES2.0 3D Android game performance and multi threading the update?
XNA Shader Texture Memory
How do I constrain a specific area of an actor to mouse X and Y?
UV texture mapping with perspective correct interpolation
How do display a "mucus spreading" effect in a 2D environment?
GLSL custom interpolation filter
App Store free promotion
XNA 4.0 - container with content, that can slide (C#)
Need help transforming DirectX 9 skybox hlsl shader to DirectX 11
TileMapRenderer in libGDX not drawing anything
Why is permadeath essential to a roguelike design?
Algorithm for procedural city generation?
Javascript keyDown - no event approach
Submit scores for multiple players to Game Center from one iPhone
How to shift a vector based on the rotation of another vector?
Deformation of Sphere using Transformations
Implementing distance joint
How can I obtain a HBITMAP or HICON from a Direct2D bitmap?
Low complexity shader to indicate the sides of a polyline
How to rotate an object around a fixed point?
Writing a Master's Thesis on evaluating visual scripting systems
Boat passing under a bridge in a 2D tile based RTS
What is going on in this SAT/vector projection code?
Rotating a Quad around it center
Who should respond to collision: Unit or projectile?
Does concurrency inherently introduce "randomness" into a game?
C++ OpenGL wireframe cube rendering blank
How to give parallax backgrounds more depth
How do I get the axes for SAT collision detection
Influence Maps for Pathfinding?
Does Windows 8 still support DirectX 9?
What different ways are there to model restitution in a physics engine?
How to apply effects that occur (or change) over time to characters in a game?
How does the SAT collision detection algorithm work
Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) for turn-based mobile multiplayer server?
Tilting towards turn direction (for a motorbike)
How can I hide the collision layer in libGDX with TiledMap?
How do I generate mipmap .png and model .obj files for LibGDX?
Understanding normal maps on terrain
Determining if something is on the right or left side of an object?
Making an interactive 2D map
Are there any good guides for making mods for Minecraft?
GLSL per pixel lighting with custom light type
Unity scaling instantiated GameObject at Start() doesn't "keep"
How do I create a curved line or filled circle or generally a circle using C++/SDL?
this.BoundingBox.Intersects(Wall[0].BoundingBox) not working properly
OpenGL fovx question
The purpose of using invert and transpose
Unity: how to apply programmatical changes to the Terrain SplatPrototype?
How to deal with Character body parts from Design to Cocos2d
How can I solve this SAT direct corner intersection edge case?
How to use the float value from noise function in voxel terrain?
How to detect a touch on transparent area of an image in a (libgdx) stage?
Is component-based design an architectural pattern or design pattern?
Creating Transparent Game Menu Items using AndEngine
Pathfinding for fleeing
Client-Server MMOG & data structures sync when joining / playing
XNA Per-Polygon Collision Check
Translating an Object to a certain Vector 3 in OpenGL and Java LWJGL
Making an AI walk on a NavigationMesh (2D/Top-Down game)
how to devise a scoring algorithm based on elapsed time and number of moves
Logarithmic spacing of FFT subbands
Importing Models from Maya to OpenGL
relationship between the model and the renderer
Should I use float, double, or decimal for stats, position, etc?
enemy behavior with boundary to change direction
XNA 4.0, Combining model draw calls
HTML5 as application for tablets?
Calculate an AABB for bone animated model
Speeding up procedural texture generation
Saving and Loading the Game (Automatically or Manually) via Internal Storage Only (Tablet PC Issues)
adapting a Unity gravitational script to allow moons
how to implement motion blur effect?
Importance of scripting engine at Cocos2d Game Engine
Where is the Shader Designer in Visual Studio?
DOT implementation
Matrix.CreateBillboard centre rotation problem
How can I draw a simple 2D line in XNA without using 3D primitives and shders
How can I efficiently render a very large model?
XNA C# Platformer - physics engine or tile based?
can it be done with 2D engine or is it real 3D?
What is the difference between Constant Vertex Attributes and Uniforms?
Terrain square loading
How Can I generate a shield block from a Turn based medieval game fight?
How to use mount points in MilkShape models?
CW/CCW Rotation of a Vector
What are the most common AI systems implemented in Tower Defense Games
Octree implementation for fustrum culling
How to track many in-game statistics
Simple iOS glDrawElements - BAD_ACCESS
HTML5 point and click adventure game code structure with CreateJS
Help w/ iPad 1 performance for tile-based DOM Javascript game
Using Ogre particle point billboards with shaders
just starting and cant find a place to learn a launguage to code games
Efficiently culling off-screen objects on a top-down 2D map
exporting bind and keyframe bone poses from blender to use in OpenGL
How do 2D physics engines solve the problem of resolving collisions along tiled walls/floors in non-grid-based worlds?
Does using [STAThread] with XNA have any negative implications?
Android, apply a pixelshader on a canvas
How To Scale Canvas In Android
Issues with shooting in a HTML5 platformer game
Why do I have to divide the origin of a quad by 4 instead of 2?
How can I convert .obj files to .3ds on Mac?
Instead of the specified Texture, black circles on a green background are getting rendered. Why?
How to make a iOS plugin for Unity3d
I enabled and setup glBlendFunc, but my texture has a white outline. What am I doing wrong?
Isometric projection bad coordonate
component Initialization in component-based game architectures
Perpendicularity of a normal and a velocity?
Efficient Algorithm for Recording gameplay's objects positions
Rain drops on screen
Doubling the DPI with a shader?
Is there a prohibition against scaling collision shapes at runtime?
Point inside Oriented Bounding Box?
Saving a list of points into a text file
Full screen blackout using allegro in codeblocks
How to slow down a sprite that updates every frame?
How to change screen resolution in slick2d?
How do I use the morpher modifier in 3dsmax to morph into several targets simultaneously?
Direct3d - Code structure
Should I be sharing data between graphics and physics engine in the game?
Unity Android: Truecolor texture performance hit and alternatives for truecolor
How to rotate a sprite using multi-touch with AndEngine?
Cloning a Game - Dev diary while using original assets
which is better performance, using a disposable local variable or reusing a global one?
What is the best approach to informing individual GUI objects about the screen size?
Which structures to use for maintaining 2D objects on canvas? How to map clicks to objects?
Procedural generation of physics-enabled structures (in a 2D world)
Recommended formats to store bitmaps in memory?
Stage3D: Camera pans the whole screen
Camera game 2d Javascript using box2d
Simpler alternative to AngelScript
How to remove a node from a scene imported with Assimp?
What's a good way to programmatically manage a cloneable entity?
Getting into the details of game engine programming
C# 2D Camera Max Zoom
Software rendering 3d triangles in the proper order
How to make a stack stable? Need help for an explicit resting contact scheme (2-dimensional)
2D Selective Gaussian Blur
Events Driven Library XNA C#
Entity Type specific updates in entity component system
How can I get macromedia flash 5?
Problem with Scanner class in Java
Stop a rotating object at a specified angle?
Need material for character anatomy in a 2D game. Spartan Like, See Picture
HLSL Pixel Shader that does palette swap
Ruby Vs. C# - Better for Game Programming
Collision checking problem on a Tiled map
How to pass one float as four unsigned chars to shader by glVertexPointAttrib?
How do I stop movement from being mirrored on the X and Y axis with Unity & Kinect?
Routes on a sphere surface - Find geodesic?
Re-create 2D side-on wave effect from Worms game
What is a legal way to use music from registered authors in a game?
Rotation, further I go from 0:0, the further the object positions around the origin while rotating
Does OpenTK work in Windows 8?
OpenTK 2D Engine
XNA- Rotating around another model
Is OpenTK Dead?
When to unload graphics object from main memory?
Opengl binding shaders vs binding buffers performance
Learning resource for 3d modeling
Multiple objects listening for the same key press
Scaling Sound Effects and Physics with Framerate
How to add a scrolling camera to a 2D Java game?
Fast software color interpolating triangle rasterization technique
How to create realistic 2d lighting using colour temperature
keyPressed is not working after adding ActionListener to JButton
Can't click on a button with startDrag() active on stage
Good resources for learning about graphics hardware
Space partitioning when everything is moving
Opening an XML in Unity3D when the game is built
How can I generate a view or projection matrix for OpenGL 3.+
What causes the iOS OpenGLES driver to allocate extra memory?
Separate update and render
Typical collision detection
Texturize a shape of multiple triangles in 2D
Confusion on HLSL Samplers. Can I Set Samplers Inside Functions?
How do I set an event off when player is on certain tile?
Do I need a Point and a Vector object? Or just using a Vector object to represent a Point is ok?
What animation technique is used in 'Dont Starve'?
Using NumPy arrays as 2D mathematical vectors?
XNA- Transforming children
How can I make a C++ countdown timer that doesn't freeze user input?
Where would I find C# flocking tutorials?
SDL_BlitSurface segmentation fault (surfaces aren't null)
Artificial Neural Networks
Prevent collisions between mobs/npcs/units piloted by computer AI : How to avoid mobile obstacles?
Procedurally generated 2d terrain for side scroller on Sega Genesis hardware?
Triggering State Changes with Health Counter
"Unclutter" units in RTS game
Zooming into Mouse Position
How to achieve selection of a tile from a tile sheet based on an ID?
Updates for IOS AppStore Multiplayer Game
What data structure to use for the map in Pac-Man?
Does XNA/MonoGame have a text caching mechanism, or has an open source one been implemented?
using std::chrono::steady_clock for timing
Storing large array of tiles, but allowing easy access to data
How should I organize my matrices in a 3D game engine?
How do I make a fiery particle system?
Gigantic 2d maps?
Why is Spritebatch drawing my Textures out of order?
OpenGl / C++ and some strange light problem on half board
Why does my VertexDeclaration apparently not contain Position0?
Many sources of movement in an entity system
How to factorize code in Unreal Kismet (i.e. "Material Function"s for Kismet)
Arrive steering behavior
In HLSL pixel shader , why is SV_POSITION different to other semantics?
XNA- Scale only parent
What would be an easy extensible technique to store game data?
How can I get accurate collision resolution on the corners of rectangles?
Using LibGDX within Android Fragment
OpenGL quake 3 shader file for objects (for trees)
Why RenderTarget2D overwrites other objects when trying to put some text in a model?
How to disguise a serverside mob as another?
XNA Health Bar continually decreasing
Collision resolution - Character walking on ascendent ground
LWJGL - Mixing 2D and 3D
Putting a Java/Slick game on your website?
How to move a sprite automatically using a physicsHandler in Andengine?
Component based design, but components rely on each other
Drawing two orthogonal strings in 3d space in Android Canvas?
How to Make Objects Fall Faster in a Physics Simulation
Drawing Lines on android with matrix
If I use my own normal values, should I turn off winding order culling?
Is it possible to load local html pages into Gamemaker games?
Process of getting DEJUS rating (Brazil)?
Rendering only a part of text FTGL, OpenGL
How do I modify a Boids algorithm to be player controlled?
XNA Sprite Clipping Incorrectly During Rotation
How do you access Target in a Beam ParticleSystem in UDK?
How do I calculate distance between a point and an axis-aligned rectangle?
XNA- Texturing problem, exporting model
Farseer circle hangs where it's spawned
How many and which axes to use for 3D OBB collision with SAT
How can I achieve an "8-bit graphics" look?
How to transform mesh components?
Game Asset Storage: Archive vs Individual files
How can I attach a model to the bone of another model?
Move projectile in direction the gun is facing
Longest distance Kinect can take
Point[] and Tri not "could not be found"
Is there any way to enable the HiDef graphics profile property on a Silverlight 5 3d Web App?
Ray casting on a mesh using libgdx
Orthographic unit translation mismatch on grid (e.g. 64 pixels translates incorrectly)
Fastest approach to 3D animation
3d Collision Handling
Web application interacts bi-directional with server program?
Apply bone tranforms when importing FBX in XNA
How do I create 2D water with dynamic waves?
Rotate/Translate object in local space
How to sync the actions in a mutiplayer game?
how to use a mask texture?
Build a view frustum from angles
Per fragment lighting with OpenGL 4.x tessellated model
Converting a hipoly model to a lowpoly model
Using C++11 for cross-platform Game Engine Development
The best way to structure/design game code
Transforming a primitive tetrahedron into a primitive icosahedron?
Which open source licenses can address these concerns for an open source game engine?
Keeping Aspect Screen Ratio While Stays in Center
How can I capture every frame in DirectX 9 using a shader
Grouping surfaces in pygame to get an object with two movement points
Wavefront mesh: determine which face a point belongs to?
The right way to add images to Monogame/Windows
Threads slowing down application and not working properly
Move a 2D sprite into an irregular terrain
Create and use a Button class on AS3.0
How to account for speed of the vehicle when shooting shells from it?
GUI device for throwing a ball
How to detect whether an Object came to sleep at a specific position?
Frame timing for GLFW versus GLUT
How do I simplify a 2D game grid for level management while keeping its by-pixel features?
How to use a mask texture with Kobold2D
Data structures for a 2D multi-layered and multi-region map?
where can i learn to make 3d games in java from scratch?
Mapping dynamic buffers in Direct3D11 in Windows Store apps
Questions for QueryAABB
C# in vedio game industry?
Glenn Fiedler's fixed timestep with fake threads
Seamless transition between planet and space
Parse/Write JSON with Unity iOS
Computer Games Technolgy or Software Engineering?
CCUserDefault, iOS/Android and game updates
Pygame surface rotation, rect rotation or sprite rotation?
Suitability of ground fog using layered alpha quads?
Spritebatch drawing sprite with jagged borders
Collision planes confusion
Ray Tracing Shadows in deferred rendering
What is the best way to "carve" a terrain created from a heightmap?
Are Xna XACT audio cues accurately timed enough for a loop sequencer?
How do I stop XNA/Visual Studio from rebuilding my content project every time I build?
Alpha From PNGs Butchered
The right way to start out in game development/design
How can I test if my rotated rectangle intersects a corner?
How to prevent a hacked-server from spoofing a master server?
Key events outside of an SDL application
Input Handling and Game loop
OpenGL and Java user interface architecture/comunication
Object oriented approach to debug mode
Line Intersection from parametric equation
Raycasting mouse coordinates to rotated object?
Space-efficient data structures for broad-phase collision detection
Isometric tile selection
Spherical to Cartesian Coordinates
Cheap ways to do scaling ops in shader?
Getting the height of Keyboard on Android
2D camera perspective projection from 3D coordinates -- HOW?
Do shader program compilers optimise divide-by-PoT-constants to bitshift operations?
How to efficiently map tokens to code in a script interpreter?
XNA shield effect with a Primative sphere problem
Problems implementing a screen space shadow ray tracing shader
OpenGL : Keeping alpha in a render buffer
Messaging/Event System in Generic Game Engine? Yay or nay?
How to create Button/Switch-Like Tile where you can step on it and change its value?
How to Contact prominent game devs for discussion and queries?
XNA 4.0 Refresh AudioEngine, WaveBank and Others Not Found
Unproject mouse position to tile -- extremely jumpy position?
OpenGL : sluggish performance in extracting texture from GPU
Basic modelling of radar
Sound not playing on Windows XP - SoundEffect or Song: Monogame
How would I handle input with a Game Component?
How can I make iPhone apps (games) on Windows?
add collision detection to sprite?
Finding shortest path on a hexagonal grid
Texturing a Sphere in libGDX
Adjusting the rate of movement of different objects on the same timer
Applying prerecorded animations to models with the same skeleton
Map format for 3d open world
3D Camera manager tool  is there any?
backface culling error (in world space)
Is there an alternative to SDL 1.3 for a C++ game that should run on iOS and Android?
2D isometric picking
Should I wrap a template function with another template function, or...?
Artificial intelligence for targeting 3D flying objects
16-bit PNGs in Slick2D
Is it only possible to display 64k vertices on the monitor with 16bit?
How do I render terrain in a 2.5D perspective, like in the game Don't Starve?
Batching dynamic sprites in OpenGL
Blender mesh mirroring screws up normals when importing in Unity
blurry image rendered
Alternatives to NSMutableArray for storing 2D grid - iOS Cocos2d
Animating sprites in HTML5 canvas
Typical Applications of Linear System Solver in Game Developemnt
Given an angle for an arrow, how do I find its X and Y velocities?
Toon/cel shading with variable line width?
How to rotate to a target position over time
Blending textures together, texture fade over / fade in
OpenGL problem with FBO integer texture and color attachment
Prevent oversteering catastrophe in racing games
Odds For Fighting Game
shader coding: calculate screen coordinates of fragment
Set vertex position
What libgdx project files can I ignore from version control?
How to do geometric projection shadows?
Is 1 pixel of a height map representative of 1 vertex on the mesh?
Isometric Rendering and Picking
Precise Touch Screen Dragging Issue: Trouble Aligning with the Finger due to Different Screen Resolution
Handling game logic events by behavior components
circle - rectangle collision in 2D, most efficient way
Calculating Delta time , what is wrong?
Is it possible to compile an android game for pc desktop?
Architectural advice - websockets javascript/php integration
Path Modifier in Tower Of Defense Game
Unity3d import file on iOS device
Why do GPUs require game specific drivers?
XNA 3D coordinates seem off
How to implement smooth flocking
Is there an IDE that can simplify the process of creating a game matchmaking website?
Deferred rendering order?
2D map/plane with nodes overlayed that supports panning, scaling and clicking on nodes
Y Axis inverted on vertex output
Coordinate spaces and transformation matrices
FlasCC requirements and limitations?
Markup format or script for data files?
isometric drawing order with larger than single tile images - drawing order algorithm?
Is there an isometric 2d game that doesn't use tilemapping?
SceneManagers as systems in entity system or as a core class used by a system?
Detecting if an object is following a path
Elegant solution for coloring chess tiles
Efficient existing rating system for multiplayer?
Who has the rights to the party game Mafia / Werewolf?
Best way to develop a level from Top down image using 3dmax
Narrow-phase collision detection algorithms
Everything turning black when pitching down
Raycasting tutorial / vector math question
How do I create a game that runs on Windows, iOS and Android?
How do I manipulate the Url of my Silverlight testpage.aspx?
How to create GoogleMaps-like camera for simple 2D strategy game?
Rendering different materials in a voxel terrain
Animation Trouble with Java Swing Timer - Also, JFrame Will Not Exit_On_Close
How display path ball will bounce?
Numerical stability in continuous physics simulation
Render graphics using Doubles in Graphics2D
How can I detect and compensate for system related lag?
Generating triangles from a square grid
Android real time multiplayer over LAN
GestureListener's fling method doesn't get called
Calculating Hit Accuracy score in a game
Quadtree collapsing
Displaying total playing seconds at end of game
What is the price to license EA's GlassBox game engine?
Showing range on hexagonal grid
Curiosity on any Smartphones that Run on Android 2.3.3 with Different Screen Reoslution
Getting to math applications gradually
Is it OK to reuse art from open-source games?
Question on the implementation of my Entity System
How are dependant quests generated in Guild Wars 2?
Performance issues with visibility detection and object transparency
Twitter integration
HTML5 - Does it have the power to handle a large 2D game with a huge world?
Creating a UML Diagram
Why are only some of my objects being rendered?
Drawing a texture at the end of a trace (crosshair?) UDK
Windows Phone 7 Networked Game
Staggered Isometric Map: Calculate map coordinates for point on screen
Input/Output console window in XNA
Adapting Javascript game for mobile
Client AI calculations vs. Server AI calculations
Detect multitouch (two fingers touch) on a sprite to apply pinch zoom behaviour
Collision Detection algorithms with early Collision exit
Can I develop 2D tower defense game with unit3D in C# for Android?
Blur shader without render textures?
How do I run my XBOX XNA game without a network connection?
If statement causing xna sprites to draw frame by frame
How can I derive force vectors from velocity vectors?
How can I create a fast, real-time, fixed length glowing ray?
How do I draw a dotted or dashed line?
HTML5 platformer collision detection problem
Is opengl ES a necessity for developping mobile games
Scripting for a C#, multiplayer game
how to move the camera behind a model with the same angle? in XNA
Demystifying "chunked level of detail"
What's the best way to move cars along roads
Designing for visually impaired gamers
How to shade a texture two different colors?
Lightweight sprite animation software
SFX Played Once per Collision or Hit
Square game map rendered as sphere
Low-level GPU code and Shader Compilation
How should I organise classes for a space simulator?
Reversi/Othello early-game evaluation function
Character jump animation is not working when I hit the space bar
How do I call functions that take more than one frame to finish?
How can I pass an array of floats to the fragment shader using textures?
XNA 4.0 Model into parts
Setting a leader from a sprite array
How do I make a jumping dolphin rotate realistically?
How to force a garbage collector swep on libgdx?
Bullet Physic: Transform body after adding
openGL textures in bitmap mode
2D Smooth Turning in a Tile-Based Game
How to achieve 'forward' movement (into the screen) using Cocos2D?
Difficulties with rotation of a sprite
OutOfBounds Exception when creating a PolygonShape using jbox2d
Concept: Interpretive Spells
Integrating game center into cocos2d
Game Engines with real time lighting
Vector vs Scalar velocity?
is ECS a kind of (or vs) OOP?
Animate multiple entities
Diamond shaped selection on a staggered iso map
What are the statements in XNA?
Loading Texture2D is extremly slow on XBOX360
Performance of pixel shaders vs. SpriteBatch: XNA
What files and libraries do I need for OpenGL and controls
How bad would be to focus on iOS/Android development for an indie developer?
Can't load model using ContentTypeReader
Entity Component Systems with Model View Controller
Multithreading for a mixed-genre game in Python?
OBJ model loaded in LWJGL has a black area with no texture
Making a Camera look at a target Vector
Efficient collision detection - tile based HTML5/Javascript game
Sweep and Prune vs Quad Tree
UnityEngine.Vector2 does not contian a definition for "Set".... using futile
Presenting game center leaderboard
Animated Models in XNA
How is the gimbal locked problem solved using accumulative matrix transformations
Most suited technology for browser games?
Raycasting "fisheye effect" question
convert orientation vec3 to a rotation matrix
Suitable SDK to develop quick game?
I know fundamental programming. But how do I get started in game development now?
extrapolating object state based on updates
can a guy with embedded system background go into game development
How do I code a 2D tile map?
Estimating costs in a GOAP system
Octrees and Vertex Buffer Objects
Why does CameraZ=0 result in no render?
Problem rendering VBO
fragment shader with SNORM textures
Error when using Environment.SpecialFolder.Desktop
OpenGL: Where shoud I place shaders?
Dynamic obstacles avoidance in navigation mesh system
3D Dice using Maya - for integration with iOS game app
Isometric - precise screen coordinates to isometric
Scale a normalized 2D vector always to the same length
Rendering scaled-down card images
Collision detection problems - Javascript/Canvas game
Sprites rendering blurry with velocity
Server costs and back loading for mobile devices
So I have this idea for a videogame. How do I make sure it gets heard?
Should developers make their games easier with new versions?
Light following me around the room. Something is wrong with my shader!
Maya Animated Character export for XNA 4.0 problem
Wall avoidance steering
How do I enfroce efficiency concerning thread granularity?
XNA running slow when making a texture
Rule of thumb for enemy art design in 2D platformer
How are vertex shader outs sent as inputs to the fragment shader?
How do I detect multiple sprite collisions when there are >10 sprites?
Avoid if statements in DirectX 10 shaders?
Texture the quad with different parts of texture
Algorithms for rainfall + river creation in procedurally generated terrain
Should Chinese text be grid aligned in game dialogs?
Move Camera Freely Around Object While Looking at It
Understanding math used to determine if vector is clockwise / counterclockwise from your vector
Clutter for game GUI
Moving sprites on a graph in libGDX
How do I cap rendering of tiles in a 2D game with SDL?
Improving SpriteBatch performance for tiles
forward motion car physics - gradual slow
Unity3D draw call optimization : static batching VS manually draw mesh with MaterialPropertyBlock
Remove enemy when bullet hits enemy
Steering evaluate fitness
Calculate gears rotation for a realtime simulation
How do I find actors in an area on a poly-precise basis?
My 2D collision code does not work as expected. How do I fix it?
What method replaces GL_SELECT for box selection?
Image loaded from TGA texture isn't displayed correctly
Multiplayer online game engine/pipeline
Where i must put .xnb files in mono game project using VS2010?
setPosition of Sprite onUpdate in AndEngine
Assigning a different texture based on picking
How do I scale down pixel art?
Zelda like multiplayer combat
Exporting XNA class library as a DLL file
Implement 2x speed in tower of defense type game
Splitting a texture atlas into seperate images
Which will be faster? Switching shaders or ignore that some cases don't need full code?
Game Timer In C++
Tile-based maps in AS3
XNA Moddable Game - Architecture Design and Reflection
Making a 2D game with responsive resolution
C#/XNA get hardware mouse position
Who makes the art assets for mobile games?
TexturePacker ignores extensions
How can I use iteration to lead targets?
How to transform a subset of a vertex in a vertex buffer?
Where to find passive advertisements?
Can a UIKit application co-exist with a Unity game as a single application?
What OpenCL video cards (or FPGAs) features are needed for high speed multiplication?
Coordinates on the top left corner or center of the tile
HTML5/JS - Choppy Game Loop
Shadow cubemapping?
How do I make something visible only when I'm looking at it?
XNA: Runtime differences in ClickOnce install versus development version
How to make an articulated mob in Minecraft?
Generated 3d tree meshes
Where in a typical rendering pipeline does visibility and shading occur?
Sprite and Physics components or sub-components?
Start an animation exported from 3ds Max in UDK
Error in destroying object in Box2D/LibGDX
Unity3D and Texture2D. GetPixel returns wrong values
2d shapes in XNA 4.0?
Using Quaternion in libGDX
Should I glTranslatef to the object then glTranslatef back to the origin or is there another way?
Best practice for organizing/storing character/monster data in an RPG?
Get Text dimmensions on CCTextFieldTTF
Scaling Skeletal values to be able to reach objects on the screen
Avoiding orbiting in pursuit steering behavior
DirectX 9.0c and C++ GUI
Tutorial on OpenGL texture formats
Abstract skill/talent system implementation
Gesture Detector not firing
Ebooks for building game framework in HTML5
Points around a circumference C#
How to properly do weapon cool-down reload timer in multi-player laggy environment?
How can I improve my Animation
Is good practice to optimize FPS even when it's above the lower limit to give illusion of movement?
How stoper one annimation model on XNA?
Isometric smooth fog
Keeping the meshes "thickness" the same when scaling an object
best way of rendering more 3D models in three.js that not slow down page?
how to organize rendering
How can I simulate objects floating on water without a physics engine?
libGDX using Stage and Actor produces different camera angles on desktop and Android Phone
XNA When to call LoadContent
Speed up content loading
Implementing strafe jumping
How can I compute the distance between two actors in Stencyl?
Scaling along an arbitrary axis (Dealing with non-uniform scale)
Behavior Trees and Animations
How should I plan the inheritance structure for my game?
Is it possible to have the main callback functions in different files with love2d?
Picking a suitable resolution for a modern low-res game?
2D engine for both Android & iOS engine?
Multiply mode in SpriteBatch
Quaternion Camera
Good way of handling class instances in game development?
FBO rendering different result between Galaxy S2 and S3
How do I make a more or less realistic water surface?
Relative positions of player and enemy are different In XNA 3D game
Mesh with quads to triangle mesh
VBO and shaders confusion, what's their connection?
Why can't I compare two Texture2D's?
Supporting Controllers on Mac
Can I publish an indie game on XBL made with directx
No sense of direction of what to do next in C++, what to learn next?
How can I implement collision detection for these tiles?
Impulsioned jumping
How do engines avoid "Phase Lock" (multiple objects in same location) in a Physics Engine?
Starting to make 2D games in C++
c++ How to use angular velocity that derived from inertia and force(torque) in 3d
Collisions on complex map 2D
Blending transition in cocos2d
Is there a collection of images (GUI - interface) program or web page available for programmers / developers games?
ConsumeStructuredBuffer, what am I doing wrong?
Optimal sprite size for rotations
Can I legally make a free clone of a game and use the same name?
Using XNA for a 2D isometric game, but wanna move on
Writing to XML issue Unity3D C#
Pygame surfaces and their Rects
Drawing polygons in 3D
Should I redraw every pixel?
Tessellation Texture Coordinates
Vertex data split into separate buffers or one one structure?
Can't detect collision properly using Rectangle.Intersects()
XNA 2D Spritesheet drawing rendering problem
Where to generate data in an Entity-Component System?
Cannot create a neutral unit with a trigger
Scripted Motion Paths (?) (XNA)
Need Guidance Making HTML5 Canvas Game Engine
Bitmap Font Displays in Center Always Without Coding it Manually (Fix Coordinate Problem onText)
Should pathfinder in A* hold closedSet and openedSet or each object should hold its sets?
Viewport like Angry Bird in Corona
Breathing for game/movie characters
How attach a model with another model on a specific bone?
Matchmaking by user-supplied parameters
Letting the user draw a Polygon Body and Image
Access Violation when trying to bind Vertex Object Array
Blender Object Appearing Gray when all Lights are Off
What could cause a sudden stop in Box2D?
Do I need to create my own or use a commercial server for the features and matchmaking options I want my game to support?
OpenGL - white edges on cubes
Interpolating between two networked states?
Example of Data Oriented Design
Can CCAnimations be paused?
Queries regarding Geometry Shaders
Get collision details from Rectangle.Intersects()
Difference between Material and Shader
Does the license of games made with Game Maker need to include the Game Maker part?
Advantages of Steam Greenlight
Gamma-Correct rendering without floating-point rendertargets
DirectX Unproject troubles
"Super meatboy"-ish replay
Should I use OpenGL while working with C++?
Complexity of defense AI
Gamification: designing cooperation in an RPG like game based on Scrum methodology
Working Qt controls in a 3d environment
Problem with alleg42.dll / program crashes / Allegro & Codeblocks
If I have a character on the screen, how do I make it look in the direction my mouse is pointing?
DirectX11 CreateWICTextureFromMemory Using PNG
Apply force to a specific point on a rigid body
Are there any pitfalls with this approach to isometric map generation?
Ingame menu is not working correctly
What level editor is Phil Fish using in Indie Game: The Movie?
Determining whether two fast moving objects should be submitted for a collision check
Ideas for attack damage algorithm (language irrelevant)
Help on TileMapRenderer
How can I increase the tileset limit in RPG Maker VX?
How does braking assist of car racing games work?
Tween Animation Cannot Start
High level project workflow
Unity3d generating a file in iOS and saving it on a linux machine
Unity3d Gravity script issues
Why is my collision resolution failing on the corners?
My VBO is always empty
Progressively loading the racing arena in a 3D driving sim
Physics/Logic behind self-bounce
Apply portion of texture atlas
What compilers are used in game development?
How to move gameobject with touch on Android
Hobby project : learning game design or game development?
Syncing game states in a multiplayer RTS game
Blend multiple regions from same texture atlas
Matrix interpolation for animation blending
getting direction of x and y... north,south,east,west
How to encourage players to level up multiple characters?
Libgdx optimization of big arrays
Changing water color based on depth
Direct3d Techniques and Windows 8
Particle systems on multiplayer games
Point cloud to CAD model
How fast do games in Flash C++ Compiler execute compared to C++?
Vertex shader to Pixel shader NVIDIA problem - restarting drivers
What data-type should I use for in-game currency?
Creating Smooth Animations
Calculate bike heading from front wheel heading and velocity
Lights shining through walls
Texturing an asteroid
Spatial Partitioning - Language Independant
Server side game loop
Not So Beginner Tutorial Request
onSceneTouchEvent Triggering more than once on one click in Andengine
How to do score systems, combos, multipliers, chains, etc
How do I store multiple bullets' coordinates?
Why would typeof(T) kill performance?
How to start external AS file playing on frame 2 (instead of frame 1)
In an asynchronous server environment where player input and timed events modify data is using an in-memory array problematic?
VS2012 C++: Unable to ID3D11Device::CreateVertexShader when loading compiled CSO file
To stop Spite animation scrolling along the background in openGL ES
Map is rendering too slow
How can I measure the execution time of some code?
How to raise funds for game developement
Why and how should I cast DirectX function parameters?
AI remembering obstacles without a grid
XNA Deferred + Forward, Depth Problem?
How can I ensure my Collada model fits on an iPhone screen?
Entity property system
Am I doing this node.js game loop wrong?
Could the delta frame time be negative?
How should I implement parallax scrolling with pan and zoom in HTML5?
How to find a game server in the LAN network with IPv6 technology?
Tweaking Heightmap Generation For Hexagon Grids
I would need an idea on how to animate a player in a board game that is top-down and 2D?
Java creating new Sprites coding problem
Collision Detection Tips
Is there any potential downside to procedurally programmingh in DirectX 11, without classes?
Creating an illusion of stress and danger
Astar heuristics closing in on an answer before searching around to find nodes with lower movement costs
Precomputing SSAO causes driver timeout
Why do mesh classes still contain vertex arrays if VBO's exist?
What kind of projection is used here?
What are file formats that store skeletal movements, and are there databases of them?
How can I create a WebGL camera based on quaternions?
GLUT Window not responding
Why is keeping a constant FPS harder than keeping high FPS?
How to generate Spritefonts for monogame
How to make an oscillation move on opengl qt
How to create 2D shadows
Function calls between classes and driver program in text based game
Game development for multiple Microsoft platforms
What happens to a D3D11 application when Windows hibernates?
Non Updated Paint Graphics in Java
How to linearly "blend" between multiple 3D points?
Swaying Camera when Walking
Should I get this game development diploma after I finish my CS undergraduate program?
Ready to use leaderboard service. Is any?
Logic For camera Movement
Java Translate Key Input
Flixel level ceases to show on screen
Go to fullscreen and back in directX
Is jButton in Java suitable for a Game GUI?
OpenGL ModelView matrix
Simple Bounding Sphere Calculations for 2d game
AngelCode's Bmfont about widths
OpenGL: Is it possible to use VAO's without specifying a VBO
How to handle collision resolution in a top-down car game?
Is this an appropriate use of abstraction in my game engine?
Matrix Rotation with three Angles
Procedurally generating terrain in dead time before buffer swap
Change the tilemap shown on stage in Flixel
Why does this collision detection & resolution code only work for one side?
What can go wrong with this technique/game architecture?
Event Based Render / Update Loop
Distinguishing between multiple objects with the same name in a text based adventure game/interactive fiction
Forward Compatibility of Save Files
How to linearly blend between multiple points, deviating from a default point?
How do I get a Model to add a name to it's Texture(s) in the XNA Content Pipeline
Prince of Persia - Original code
Why is Y up in many Games?
Implementing a camera / viewport to a 2D game
SFML - Completely Unlimit Framerate
How to simulate a spinning helicopter rotor visual effect programatically?
logic behind a single player game
Creating Animations Without Hardcore Art for 2D Action RPG
Rendering multiline text with SDL_TTF
XNA 4.0 - Transparent 3D model
Abstract games that are hard to play for AI/computer?
Should I finish high school or teach myself?
Texture-Mapping in Blender/XNA
Detect touch for android....for unity 3d
2D graphics scaling
Storing huge 2D tiled map in a txt file
Reusing entities across screens: game data vs. object modelling
Real-Time-Strategy control structures/achitecture
Smooth Voxel Terrain
Custom Pan/Tilt Input device and Unreal Gaming Engine
How to make racer map?
OpenGL Depth Buffer/Coordinate issue with SFML
Help Applying SDL_Surface on an array of SDL_Surface?
How does GL_INT_2_10_10_10_REV work for color data?
Is there any game engine using a functional programming language?
Bullets and projectiles in component based entity systems
Multisampled Texture
Transform a Screen Delta
Platform slope angle detection
XNA 4.0 - strange blueish alpha with Spritebatch over Skybox
Handling increasing numbers of users (server)
Deferred Rendering: Orthographic directional light that has position
XNA - How to move skinned model and merge animations
Mesh manipulation on GPU vs CPU
Does using LWJGL and Slick2D yield promise for the future of my project?
How should I store levels in a C++ game?
OpenGL glMatrixMode rotation
A question about C++ in video game industry
Viability of Java as a game language
Does Monogame on Windows Desktop use OpenGL or DirectX by default?
Changing the texture in a Sprite
Twin stick shooting with keyboard
Rotate an object around a point in Ogre3D
How to fire a touch event only for the touched sprite?
DirectX Objects in a struct
Keeping Track of Position OpenGL
Efficient path-finding on 2D tile-based multilevel map
How to write my own 3-D graphics library for Windows?
Iterating 1D array and getting 2D tile position
simple escape algorithm: enemy escapes when hero approches
How to calculate the position of an attached model after rotation?
Use an external sprite or image file in flixel game in flashbuilder
OpenGL first person camera orientation issues
Find connected hex of same color
char* to code block
Use FlxAnim to Animate a FlxSprite in Flixel on FlashBuilder
Unity - Code is fine in the editor, has error on android
OpenGL ES 1.1 - How to batch draw particles with different translations?
Boundaries in game development: How do professionals do it?
Try-catch or ifs for error handling in C++
How to draw a trapezoid in OpenGL?
Collision detection between player and tiles
Your mobile device as controller for webapps
Why are some objects not rendering properly?
OpenGL ES 2.0 - How to batch draw particles that have unique translations, rotations, scales, and alphas?
Changing Ogre3D terrain lighting in real time
Rolling my own scene graph
Min/Max of two vectors?
Can't add rectangles into rectangle list
How can I find an optimum set of colors for 10 players?
MonoGame and normal windowed desktop application
Applying Forces to Box2D Bodies
Game Development at iOS, Android and PC with OpenGL ES
Dynamic cubes for cube engine
problem with bullets shooting in FPS game
Dealing with edges on spherical heightmapped terrain
Mixing Bump mapping and Detail mapping
Font outline in OpenGL, FTGL
Is it efficient to use Lua to store game data?
Pygame - Change sprite collision Rect
Pathfinding with Less Desirable Squares that are still passable
How does pixel shading work for ambient occlusion volumes?
enemy shooting towards FPS
Custom VertexDeclaration for Color, Texture, Normal
Automatically triggering standard spaceship controls to stop its motion
How can I cleanly separate the UI from the game logic in my Cocos2d game?
How to execute AI in Cocos2d (replacing the Update method)
Why is my obj file imported into pyglet showing a blank screen?
Cocos2D-X on Steam and iOS App Store
What existing engines can do open-world games?
XNA 4.0 / C# Collision Response
UDP + digital signature vs TCP vs other solutions to guarantee message authenticity
360+ degree rotation skips back to 0 degrees when using Math.Atan2(y, x)
Check key state or listen for event?
How to disable and re-enable video card and keyboard drivers on Windows as part of program testing?
DirectX 9 - model rendering from .obj files issues
Orbiting multiple objects evenly around a changing radius
How to get enemy to follow character using angles? (atan2)
Creating Rectangle-based buttons with OnClick events
Separating axis theorem implementation flaky minimum translation vector based on triangle orientation
Fastest way to render lines with AA, varying thickness in DirectX
How should multiplayer games handle authentication?
Black bars on 720p emulator?
XNA windows phone release black textures
How to remove an object from a std::vector
Working with chunks of terrain
RK4 integration and Continuous Collision Detection
Where to find more documentation on Ogre3D?
Elegant autotiling
Unity (Javascript Syntax) Isn't Allowing Me to Override My Inherited Method
Running advanced floating point calculations on the GPU?
Graphics not being displayed on OUYA
Implementation of planets in top-down space shooter
Labeling Areas on a map
Allegro 5 compiling with GCC on mac
How make collision for terrain Modeled in 3D's max
Splitting logic into threads in Java tower defence game
How do I get an instance of KX_PolygonMaterial in Blender?
How to draw 2D images using OpenGL, in SDL?
Should each Entity have its own update and render methods?
Besides OpenGL and DirectX, what other libraries can aid in 3-D graphics?
Which platform (server) use for turn based card game?
Does SFML render it's graphics using OpenGL internally?
How to make background to stage in kineticjs
How can I get started in game development, and what language is best for beginners?
TextureRegions and TextureAtlases in AndEngine
Forcing early-z with raytracing
Implementing a Menu System and Buttons (Waiting in a whle loop)
Composite 3-D and 2-D using Anamorphic Projection?
What is a suitable input method to use for a 2D platformer on a touch device?
Multiplayer game sdk for ios and android
Is using Sprites the most recommended way for doing 2d animations with Directx?
How is 'mass' handled in video games?
How to make my characters turn smoothy while walking on a path(list of coordinates)?
Spherical procedural terrain shader based on slope
making a game in 2D(C++). SDL or openGL? Or, why not both?
Integrating Scene Graphs and Physics Engines
Camera Calculation
Input and packets handling when using render interpolation
Is a "game engine" a necessity for making a game?
Persistent Data for Multiplayer, Browser-Based Games
Compile-time checking for component-based, data-driven games
Why can't my .exe find my .fx file?
Story dialogues: user controlled or script driven?
Retrieving components from game objects (entities)
How can I remove enemies from my ArrayList after they have died?
Distortion of color space in UDK (material editor)
What is the best way to check lists of objects that collide
How can I debug live multiplayer servers effectively?
Can I still call something a "game engine" if I use other APIs to build it?
Game loop, how to check for conditions once, do something, then not do it again
What physics engine support force fields and bodies represented as points?
Key-Binding in XNA
VBO with texture index buffer different than vertex index buffer
How to implement buffs / debuffs / temporary stat changes in an RPG?
XNA Why is Texture.GetData one dimensional?
2D Textures are shown through objects in front of it(OpenGL)
What's the term for the "vertical looking angle" in FPSs?
Timestep in multiplayer game
Cant import Sun openGL
MultiTexturing by neighbouring points textures
Sprite Animation in XAML/C# for Windows 8 Modern UI (Metro)
Importing and Displaying .fbx files
Implementing AI to hide behind obstacles
Mapped texture to a gluSphere not wrapping correctly
Making character's skills and abilities as commands, good practice?
C++ and OpenGL ES: glDrawArrays calls are time consuming
SharpDX (DirectX) - possible to measure Frame time?
Creating live wallpaper on Android with libgdx
XNA (BEPU) Physics Performance
Testing multiplayer android
Diffuse light direction
XNA - move camera over tilemap
Per color collision is really expensive - can my approach be improved?
Multipule VBO in Opengl
At this point in time, avoid XNA?
How do I use threads together with DirectX11?
Blender 2.6: UV-Matching on Non-Image-Textures
How do I pass arguments to an XNA Game executable?
Code structure in Android 2D game
GLSL light coloring blocked surfaces
How to make some monsters appear more dangerous than others?
What is actually drawn when glDrawArrays and glDrawElements are called?
Blender 2.6: Move Mesh to X Coordinate of Another Mesh
Component / Entity-based design => no inheritance at all?
Component/Entity-based design + Behavior Trees => how to integrate?
Architecture of "doodle jump" type gameplay infinite looping background
Nine Patch Images in DirectX
A* mouse movement javascript top-down game
Why do MMORPGs still use multiple servers?
Player movement behind objects
How to make a 3d beam effect with XNA 4.0?
Friction due to gravity in an impulse based physics engine
Is it acceptable to say "Inspired from ... game"
Simultaneous events in a realtime system, where processing order causes different outcomes
Drawing Projected Vertices/Faces In Order
Billboard text is upside down
Texture will not rotate with gluSphere
Should I be using Blender game engine as my first engine?
In UDK, how and where do I script to enable Alt-F4 for exiting game?
Unity3d. Overlay of clothes on a human model
Is it possible for automated testing applied to Angry bird
How do I get the touch event on a body in JBox2d
Deciding when to switch focus between UI elements
Is it viable to wrap D3D to change its API style?
Allegro 5 al_draw_text skips characters
Why is chunk size often a power of two?
Best way to allow a user to Control Body in Box2D
How to avoid texture bleeding in a texture atlas?
What is the color value of daylight?
UDK Fixed AIController / Pawn Height
Non-square Isometric tiled maps
Transmit map vs Transmit seed
Has anyone got the Krypton Lighting Engine working in MonoGame for Windows 8?
Getting an images rgb value at click
How should I go about randomizing levels in a "runner" game?
Is there a sound library for C to generate sound samples from code?
Trying to make a python map editor
How to achieve persistence of objects between game states?
Turn based card game multiplayer: http polling or TCP
How can I render primitives to pixel coordinates?
Show 3d object on device live camera in Unity3d for iOS
OpenGL ES create stencil effect using texture
Looking for a peer reviewed article that details the benefits of a physics simulation within interactive media
Simulate movement towards the screen in a 2D world
How to have qt5 work on desktop like on mobile devices (es2, correct glsl version)?
How to determine that nodes in Grid Graph are unreachable before applying pathfinding?
Do games depend on the OS to scale resolution?
How to make a character in a Box2D world jump faster?
Texture prefetching in GLSL
What is the appropriate way to implement collision in 2D worlds?
Make image follow path
In an Entity-Component System, how to represent the world/level/gameboard?
Billboards offset for character names + rotation
Rotating a 2D Skeleton
How can I really master in game programming?
Design of a turn-based game where actions have side-effects
Component-based object, traversal?
Box 2d Level Editor for AndEngine
How to handle sprite speed when objects move using Box2d?
Basic plane kinematics
mat3x4 in webGL shaders
Should the world transformation matrix be stored in a constant buffer when rendering?
Collision detection performance problem
glFramebufferTexture2D gives corruption with cube map textures
How to handle materials in an Entity/Component system
Circle Collision class not positioning itself correctly
How to handle entity path-finding and movement in a large networked world?
Android ndk-build can't find glm headers
How to implement rotating Earth effect in 2D?
Flow/design of steering behaviors implementation
SDL2 focus lost = massive gain in FPS
Peer-to-peer hostless competitive games of chance?
Sound effects system design
DirectX9 fullscreen, render immediately?
What is the view perspective angle of most 2.5D isometric games
Handle Multiple Scene
How to run Minecraft from a different folder
2D destructable terrain with collisions in MMO
Should I use OpenGL, Direct3D, OpenGL ES, or WebGL?
Passing information between states created at different times
Good Tools & Methodologies for designing Game Arch
Separating Axis Theorem fails at certain angles
No intellisense on my classes
Should Client->Server/Server->Client packets be separate?
Most efficient method to render 1,000s of unique space scenes?
Torque2D createTileLayer
How do I set shape density in PhysX 3.1?
Need info on creating a tile grid data structure in Java
Torque2D default t2dTileMap object
How can I instantiate my variables in Boo?
Collision detection with XNA and TiledLib
Sound effects in separate thread?
How do I make camera follow the player within some bounds?
ObjectDisposedException when Texture2D isn't disposed
How can I make a character walk on uneven walls in a 2D platformer?
One Dimensional Perlin noise vs Multi-Dimensional
Pygame performance issue for many images
Collision shape and Model problem
Stopping on a slope in Box2d
Can other programs and tools be emedded in a video game for games downloaded on line?
Kinds of anti aliasing?
Are there any game engines out there that support cryptography?
Dealing with binary data and endianness
Cocos2d patterns for simple texture management
RTS game unit damage & defense calculation
Entity systems with mixed responsibilities (eg render + handle input)
Is C++ here to stay for at least a decade more?
How does this background scrolling code work?
How to resolve duplicate data in Entity Systems?
Confusing with an articles wording on Clamping a Vector2
Inverse Dynamics How to
Alternative to JSF for browser-based 4X game
FPS games: don't they have unrealistic one-eyed view? What are the causes?
Cocos2d savegame cctmxtiledmap
How can I use an unsigned int as a GLSL attribute for OpenGL ES 2
Moving player in Box2d without forces
How to create strength meter?
Where can I find an open source component-based game?
Abstracting the ability to attack using an ECS
Computing orbit direction depending on angle of approach
Strange rendering issue with monogame/WinGL with HD7670M
Creating Primitives and Model from Texture2D Xna 4.0
How do I spawn enemies with a delay using threads?
How to stack units in a tile based game?
Game-components and memory management
Difference between rotation methods?
Can I develop a game on PC in Java and move it to Android?
Any drawback to using rectangular textures over square textures in OpenGL?
Where should I place input/output console for server?
Flip sprite vertically AND horizontally?
HLSL shader optimization
Repeatedly Shooting Bullets
Internships at a video game company
Loading files while running game
How do I find realistic 3D paths for stable and unstable flying rockets?
rotate sphere horizontally around another sphere
How to a go about making my modding into a career?
What size window should i use for making an Xbox 360 game in XNA
Help interpreting the physics of a rolling ball
SDL deleting an image from the screen?
How do I export a Java project on Eclipse as an executable?
Catmull Rom Spline - Constant Speed
Flixel Development in Ubuntu/Linux
Why would a borderless full-screen window stutter occasionally?
Curious Transparent Holes Render Artifact
Draw user interface in OpenGL using web technologies
Cast ray to select block in voxel game
How do I get buffers from another class for CreateBuffer
Strategic AI in turnbased games?
Some theory questions about classic endless arcade games
High volume sprite management in entity component system
How can I create a mirror with Unity?
Unity - Mesh Deforms terribly while mixing animations
Benefits of upgrading from OpenGL ES 1.1 to 2.0 on iOS
3D models and hit detection
XNA - moving the 3rd person camera
How do I implement unit selection in this program?
Best technique for drawing isometric tiles
Importing a transparent image to flash
Drawing many quads XNA
Location-based mobile game without data plan
Tongue pull effect
AS3 UML Tools other than Crocus Modeller
Rule / validation design pattern
How to make an infinite map
Unity3D: collider performances on mobile iOS devices
How to handle slopes/bridges in a 2d grid turn based strategy game
Drawing with SpriteBatch and GraphicsDevice.DrawPrimitives
Moving a 2D character on a straight line
Professional game design documents
How can I make a shader effect that looks like a lightly shaded pencil drawing?
In the Direct3D 9 Effect API, how do you find the texture variable linked to a sampler?
Make a 2D character stop moving and going back when encounter an obstacle
How to properly commission professional artwork
Prevent Reavers from dealing splash damage to friendly and allied units
Direct3D shader compilation fails with constant buffers
Tips for Component Based Entity System message handling
Unity editor stalling on second attempt to play
How can I retrieve the outer most points on a 2d graph?
XNA button mouse click stop propagation
update image properties
Walk to nearest attackable range node
UDK : Problem with Touching Actors
How can I make a falling down effect in 2D - Birds Eye View
Finding cells between two points (along line) to finding obstacles
Is my idea of how to use matrices to layer 2D on top of 3D correct?
OpenGL GLSL skinning problem
Using circles to create a sphere
SimpleOpenNI: Check if user hand is in specific area on image
How do I properly use particle simulation in Unity?
Remove HUD from Child Scene
Disable autorotation if Android has it disabled
Changing Yaw, Pitch And Roll OpenGL
Rushing water in Unity
How do I gain access to objects in order to change their properties in Unity?
Protecting XNA Assets
In Unity, can I load a local (/Resources folder) website to safari on an ipad
Simulating "line of sight" with obstacles on 2d grid?
Multiple pipelined game loops
Handling movement using an Entity Component-based System Architecture
Find the footprint of an isometric entity
why is it faster to draw lots of small arrays than one big array?
When and where should I calculate collision response with multiplayer physics?
What makes a game look "good"?
Sync clocks on a real time multiplayer game - Is this ok?
More efficient way to implement Line of sight on a 2d grid with ray casting?
Slick2D Isometric TiledMap Rendering Problem
How to draw a smooth circle in Android using OpenGL?
How slow is generating a new Vertex Buffer?
Does the Maya FBX 2013.3 exporter write tangent and binormal data?
How to start in animating my model?
How to get the height at a position in a triangle
What is an elegant way to localize level data?
Android OpenGL ES RENDERMODE_WHEN_DIRTY implementation
Approaches for storing grid-like information
Why no night sky with realistic star constellations?
Execute a trigger after research is complete
Entity Component System: Retrieving components quickly
How do I implement a physics gun?
Is there a logic game engine to be used in OS game?
How to enable sound on Base Game Activity in Andengine?
How do I implement variation in font letters, like handwriting?
Is there an FBX file/model viewer for Mac OS X?
Adjust Keyboard input to match look direction?
OpenGL 2.0 Android Scrolling Horizontally and Vertically
XNA HLSL 2D outline shader
Vector2's static methods and the garbage collector
Making A Sprite Rotate To A Specific Angle XNA 4.0
Pitch (X-axis) rotation problem
What part of my engine should load images and fonts?
Canvas animation drops to 30fps every 3-4 seconds
A good approach on working on player controller for movable platforms?
How to load a png file without alpha premultiplying in ios?
Scaling 3D furniture while keeping the thickness constant
Mouse position to world position for Camera
Copyright laws on famous buildings and monuments in games?
SpriteSheet in slick2d or lwjgl
Best way to have a body with 1 dimensional linear only movement in Box2D
Procedural Generation of Galaxy
Disappearring instances of VertexPositionColor using MonoGame
Background blur in 2D game?
OpenGL vs DirectX difference from Graphics card perspective?
Minecraft like blocky-clouds
Anybody know how I can write a game for the dualshock 3 or other gampad in python?
Meaning of offset in pygame Mask.overlap methods
Why released games usually contain their scripts sources?
Best source for sound effects?
2D tilemap editor UI--how do I disable editing while save/load dialog is open?
HLSL compiler specification (optimizations)
How to load images on startup
Tech Tree layouts for games?
Handling Origin/Anchor Points in a Scene Graph
Triangles in the corners of skybox
3D Animations in XNA 3.1
How to link OpenGL with my own static library?
Is it possible to render part of the screen in different pixel density using openGL?
When to use pygame.sprite.GroupSingle?
How should IDs be assigned in an entity component system?
Is there a centralized achievement system for browserbased onlinegames
resizing directx control so that more of my object's environment is visible
Will DirectX 10.1 graphics card work with DirectX 11?
Android Game starter
Non-physics character movement in a Box2d Environment
php multiplayer game - server&client model
Simple Alternate Art Style
Does the feature level affect multisampling?
Dictionary of common names for code objects
How to fill a rectangle with tilable texture in XNA?
How to override onSetContentView while Using Ratio Resolution policy in Andengine Base game activity
center location on scanners sweep
Slick2D TileD Map Editor Properties
CCSprite as an iVar
How do I use music analysis in a game?
Compress / make Blender .obj file smaller
How to create a walkable 3D terrain
XNA 3D custom shader/effect gives shakey rendering in the distance
How do I come up with the game mechanics for a puzzle game?
How to make a smooth movement in XNA?
What is the right way to use a QStateMachine for a text adventure game?
How to create Elastic rope / Rubber band in box2d?
Modeling speed of light information propagation in space combat sim
rpg 3d open world map & entity loading-streaming
Blur offset artifacts
DX11 application running on Windows XP using only DX9?
Objects being drawn on wrong layers
How can I efficiently form terrain from a large number of cubes in XNA?
Rotating Objects in OpenGL: glRotate or Quaternions?
How do I create geometry in SceneKit?
ScaleX and Y for stretching MovieClip
How to use images/text/etc. in XNA without Content Pipeline?
box2d with lines
2D Line drawing with Pixel Shaders
Can't get normals to work correctly with lighting in OpenGL
Detecting Light Intensity Around Characters
How to play a movie on top of a webcam texture
How do I detect when the Xbox home button is pressed XNA?
Tile Draw Order
Creating a alive object list
Why are some games using some dithering pattern instead of traditional alpha for transparency?
Why do I get "Undefined" only on the "Vertical" Grid?
How do I disable the graphical output of Quake 3?
Stacking Drawing Matrix for SpriteBatch in XNA
iOS game integrated with Facebook - Random game
Drawing sprites messes up my model in XNA4
Dynamically save an assetbundle during run time
When to Dispose Textures
D3D/DXGI handle fullscreen transition
Java 2D tile map and rendering it
Am I implimenting a sweep and prune broadphase correctly?
Creating a png sequence in Flash? details?
Find the Contact Normal of Rectangle Collision
Spaceship interiors: How to approach, implementation-wise?
cocos2d-x v2.1 CCSpeed, CCRepeatForever, and CCAnimation jerky at high speed
HLSL Circle all white
Pygame set_colorkey transparency issues
What is a good way to load more than a million images for a collectible card game?
After a succesful glLinkProgram, should I delete / detach my shaders?
How to implement in-game purchase?
Initializing a blank texture in OpenGL without artifacts
Skeletal Animation with UV seams
How to implement scene changing in real-time?
Procedural... house with rooms generator
How to make model's arms + weapon follow cursor?
Networking dynamic game worlds
Would I perform one pass per effect in Deferred Shading?
Why does the lighting change the objects color?
How do I dispose of OpenGL resources cleanly on Android?
Getting Bodies to go "Super Fast" in Box2D
Saving data in games?
How do I achieve one touch one shot for WP7 game?
Saving Scores Using Cookies
Is there any public in-game data mining/knowledge discovery repository?
Drawing isometric walls
Images not rendering in Slick
How to determine mouse position outside stage, and center the cursor?
How to create a scope for a sniper
Increasing height increases width
Server architecture software side
Optimizing models & improving performance
How to deal with "level design creep?"
Armature in Unity3d distorted
Actors with multiple Textures - class Hierarchy?
How many database connection should use in a MMO game server?
Is "forcing the user" to accept the terms an acceptable design in a smartphone/iPhone game?
Derive a algorithm to match best position
How do I render a filled and stroked path using OpenGL?
Algorithm to select all cells inside rooms/regions
Horizontal scroll only part of the view
Hello World with FlashDevelop, Flixel, AS3: uneffective SWF macro
Drawing background is very costly/slow
XNA Textures with background color
Make paid app free for specific user
Calibration of a 6 DOF tracking device
How to handle "weapon slots"?
Keybindings in Unity
Identifying quad patterns in a two-dimensional array
Blender models appear in UDK asset manager, but not in game
AndEngine drawing 2D tiled game field
How do I simulate a crowd in the stadium stands?
How to define a proper protocol for a turn-based combat system?
Using OpenGL GLEW within Unity
How do I create an actor class in UDK that will spawn a specific particle system?
How to improve my maxscript random blood generation code?
Vector3 vs. Vector2 - performance, usage?
8-bit Game: To pre-scale images, or post scale my Cocos2d scene. Which is the better approach?
Rotating 3d plane to XY plane
How do I prototype an online game?
Architecture for mixing synchronous and asynchronous program flow to maximize faux real-time yet logical gameplay?
Getting collisions with equal values in Sweep and Prune
OpenGL GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP creating grid with degenerate triangles / for one draw call
How was the Castle Crashers game for X-box made?
How to edit specific mipmap images in a DDS?
Storing items in external data files
How to implement input-texture limited alphablending of 2 textures with HLSL?
Heightmap VS actual model of environment
How do I calculate how an object will move from one point to another?
Depth Stencil buffer mandatory?
Unity's "Stats" window displays bizzare number of triangles and vertices
How can I have multiple layers in my map array?
Filtering (e.g. Gauss blur) on seamless textures but without border artifacts?
How long would it take to learn c# if I know c++?
How to create 2D textures from footage?
How do I visualize parallax layers in a level editor?
How much to modify yaw? XNA 4.0
What are the rest of the blending functions used for?
Practical Way to Store and Communicate Data for a Multiplayer Game Like This
Good map file structure?
How to store data in a data-driven RPG
Weird shader compiler error
DirectX post-processing pipeline
Tile collision, can't get correct behaviour
Why Game engines use C++?
How well do functional languages perform on Android?
Create Box2D and engine polygon Box2D body without sprite
DirectX / Instance Buffer - How To Use Instance Buffers To Enable Reuse of VertexBuffer Data?
Collision detection with heightmap based terrain
OpenGL RTT FrameBuffer question and Rendering to texture while sampling it
Indoor 3D game worlds
How to organise an XNA client/server solution
Creating a custom binary format for 3D meshes
Box2D and Slick2D: Graphics bug
Best way to store NPCs, Monsters, Shops, etc for JavaScript game?
How can I have parent-child transform in a component system?
Pygame's rotation methods have crippling issues, but is it me or Python's pygame?
Good way to store entity data
How could I store different abilities in the player class?
How a "view" is handled in an Entity-Component based model?
Playing a sound only once during collisions
Calculating impulse propagation through a rigid body after a collision
Parallax With Box2d iphone
Shader Maker version 130 is not supported
3 Button Multi-touch for Android
How do I support animation with frames of different sizes?
Slide effect in voxel collisions
smooth movement pygame
AI surrounding algorithm suggestions
Rotating and pitching a turret
How to implement rectangle selection?
Per Instance Textures, and Vertex And Pixel Shaders?
Transfering a game from Python to C
iOS Facebook SDK, Games Start Playing post
What is a reliable and easy way to build an AI?
Creating transparent image with localGraphicsConfig not always working
Repeat texture in a scrolling game
How to do perspective projection parallax but without changing the scale or offset of objects?
Simple Motor Vehicle Acceleration Function
What are the differences between a skybox and a skydome?
Make bones in blender work corectly in XNA
OpenWorld SceneGraph management and optimization
Resource Files creation and quick parsing
UI of a city-building game
Figuring out which direction my object is facing on a 2D plane?
Is there a way to squash/stretch a sprite based on an angle?
Help with Windows RawInput
What are some ways I can create random but consistent levels with an increase in difficulty
Implementing a hook (Like pudge in Dota)
Level design algorithm/pattern for Linerunner etc
How to Bind Multiple Shapes/Models to One Vertex Buffer?
Instantiate objects that share same variable
BasicEffect and SkinnedEffect treating WorldViewProj differently?
Using Assimp to load dae files
Use of FlxG.camera.follow to follow a character vertically
Which image format is more memory-efficient: PNG, JPEG, or GIF?
Music and SFX Question on Memory Efficiency
Game state and input handling in component-based entity systems
Please help me with my 2D isometric tile picking
Tangent plane for point on surface mesh
Best practices for labeling game versions?
Can a rules engine produce manageable and complex AI?
Writing a server for a multiplayer game
Making a point light follow the camera
Collision Detection Slows Screen Drawing
PHP Browser Game Private Messages?
What to do after detecting OBB-OBB intersection
AndEngine - Dragging a sprite that has a path modifier registered to it
Online card games: game loop or event based?
How to create plasma trail for spaceship
How to approach skinning a snake made of cubes and is it right method for snake 3d game
2D field of view detection inverted
How do I generate a 2d grid-based map without screwing it up?
Game state management: the buck doesn't stop "here" soon enough
All of my matrix functions not working? OpenGL ES 2.0
Can I develop libgdx game with C#?
How does a point squared equal the radius squared?
adventure game architecture
Developing an interactive book for Windows-Runtime
How would the entity system handle dependent components?
How to generate houses procedurally in a voxel world?
How to read key value pair in cocos2dx from txt file?
Constant Buffer size mismatch on PS, fine on VS and GS
In modern AAA games with open environment and lot of static content (eg : crysis), how is occlusion culling performed?
2D water shader in SFML
Help finding a good XNA physics library?
Basic isometric projection in Javascript
Collision detection against specific sprite shape using XNA with Farseer Physics?
How to differentiate between instantiated objects in Unity?
Cant set up ANDENGINE GLES2-AnchorCenter Examples & Extensions
PNG image as a level map for 2d game
How can I prevent clicks from going through a GUI.Box?
Create a variety a sprites from a single image in XNA?
Why does this geometry shader slow down my program so much?
Looking for an elegant way to represent fixed parts of a randomly generated level map
A starter need some tips and tricks
Are any scripting languages designed to be reloaded at runtime?
Why should I use separate initialization and clean up methods instead of putting logic in the constructor and destructor for engine components?
Dealing with field of view when zooming into a terrain from a height
Playing Video In MonoGame
How can I draw a texture line by line
haxe level scrolling
deferred rendering and a few shading functions
How can I switch between DirectX and OpenGL renderer in my engine?
Ball bouncing infinitely and constantly
How to find which dirction to move in a 3D space
Multiple viewports
Moving an object around the the circle to the specific location in circumference
How To Buffer Many Vertex, Geometry, and Pixel Shaders
physics of 2D car racing game with heightmap
2D Matrix Transformation (with a Player and Ground)
Can I my iOS-based editor save .plist files that my Mac game can read?
differences in UDK map on different installs
Anti- Aliasing a small image?
How to emulate knob turning, based on x/y movement?
Registering XNA Custom Pipeline
In a regular grid, how can I tell which tile a position is in?
XNA partially extending the content pipeline using a ModelContent
Memory issues with new game on s3
Camera movement using WASD on x/z plane only
Who should manage projectiles?
Assigning bone transform in every draw a good idea?
Simulating flight dynamics in two dimensions
How to limit steering force at low velocities
Making a player move to my mouse when clicked?
How to draw only visible tiles?
logitech dual shock Python support
Pygame 2D Scrolling Map
How do I avoid obstacles on a predefined path?
Handling multiple pressed keys with KeyListeners
Can I mix OpenGL and swing?
Collision detection for 2D RTS game in C++
Collision detection tutorials
Does Java support OpenGL by itself?
C++ Loading DLL Error
How do I manage multiplayer login?
Saving an arbitrary sized 2d array
Resolving a collision with forces
AS3 Rect-Rect Collision
vec4 for vec3 multiplication while calculating the specular value
Automatic Tile Transitions Not Working Correctly
Replacement for XNA?
NGUI UIInput - Reset value of password field
What book/guide should I follow for GLSL
3d to 2d Collision
Move Object Around Sphere in Unity3D
Phong lighting model unrealistic result
Best approach for Event driven UI
Is it worth taking the time and making a game scripting engine instead of directly coding?
ResourceContentManager with folders
Any book about math in game design?
3d transformation of game world keeping gameplay 2d - COCOS2D 2.0
How do I prevent memory-modification cheats?
Test for the presence of the ouya ODK
Draw mesh with multiple bones
TiledMaps and real objects
Set up indie game studio (UK) - how?
Why use textures that are Power of Two?
Game Editor plugin architecture
How can I load 2D texture data without a GraphicsDevice instance?
How can I get a pointer to ID3DX11EffectShaderVariable from ID3DX11Effect
Moon lander, gravity + velocity for an image
Where can I find a chess tileset?
Run XNA game without graphics
Ways to represent/store different regions in a non tiled map
"Compose PSM Master Package" doesn't do anything
DPad style movement for AI without using A*
How do I detect the intersection of a curve with itself?
Which Swing control should I use to render graphics with?
Overlapping buttons with OpenGL and GLKit
2D XNA Shooting Game
How does Component Entity System Manages Game Mode?
Gaussian blur filter and "shimmering"
How to create an array of images on a canvas
How do I efficiently sort objects by draw order when rendering a 2D game?
Fill texture with white color
Multipass shader in DirectX 11
mixing forward and deferred rendering
Making a physics body so that another body passes through
Fragments never falling into spot light's cone
How do I create multiple 2D spotlights?
Controlling player and camera movement in a 3rd person game with keyboard and mouse
Collision detection for Monotouch
How can I draw an outline in Unity3d?
Calculate intersection of a line with a plane
How to rotate a direction
NPC AI articles for walking and fighting?
Tile-based game with DirectX - issues with transparency and StretchRect
Portable buffered keyboard input for XNA / MonoGame?
XNA Game arhitecture, sharing vertices between objects
In OpenGL Shader, Why adding color change vertex position?
How can I make sprites like diablo's for my soon-to-be isometric rpg? Like in all directions
Cook Torrance model implementation : black specular light
How important is engineering?
Online MMO collision detection for players & walls
How to calculate collision normal between two AxisAlignedBox's?
Stencil buffer and transparent pixels
XNA 4.0 storage framework not being recognized
Portable sound and music for XNA / MonoGame?
Are 2D art assets typically created at their intended in-game display size?
How free is BSD / CC-BY usage?
How to create 3d picking ray with the cursor position
Run a physics simulation on both client and server?
Centralized User database for multiple Systems
How do I calculate consistent frame timings at 60fps?
Smart terrain generation to avoid unconnected tiles
Difference between multiple AudioUnits and one AudioGraph with a MultiChannelMixer
SDL.NET vs SDL C++
Increase restitution (bounciness) of an object in a JavaScript formula
NavMeshAgent in Unity giving jerky performance
Subclasses of GameInfo and Input in UDK
3-in-a-row or more logic
Limiting a player's movement to the screen's dimensions
Tricks in game mechanics to avoid dealing with network lag compensation?
Pathfiding for groups of agents
Efficiently storing game states history for physics?
Methods of procedural terrain generation that can work using DirectX 9 (SM2.0)?
How to create texture coordinates for a spritesheet with lwjgl
How can i scale up a bounding box in Xna?
Having Your Own Copyrighted App Automatically After Publishing
Unity3D GUILayout Window Wont Show Components
How can I test on a device I don't have?
How to achieve light that changes color mid-way?
How (update,set, apply) dynamically color on a model of a XNA project?
OpenGL, fetching the names of all uniform blocks in your program
How can you extract orientation from a transformation matrix?
A formula for point calculation based on value A's proximity to value B
From maya to c++ and opengl
How do I bind a display from XCB to EGL with eglGetDisplay
Terrain detection on racing game
How to toggle something using key releases
Exported FBX Blender Model not showing up in XNA
Whats the physics behind the doodle jump game?
How can I move an object over a drawn tile map in HTML 5 without constant buffering?
2D triangle with OpenGL ES on Android
Can Simple Direct Media Layer be used with WebGL?
When/where to update components
Programmatically and efficiently create a graphical ripple effect?
How are old games levels made?
Can I use a shader with 2 different textures in Cocos2D (x)?
My game works on the emulator and the PSVita, but crashes on Android
Specular Maps, understanding cryengine hints
Is basic SDL hardware accelerated?
SDL_BlitSurface does not works
Tile Based Engine: Storing Tiles and Levels
Need physics algorithm for modeling ceiling collapse in voxel-based game
The saturate function is not working in my pixel shader
MonoGame performance better then XNA?
Saving roguelike game state?
How to scale a texture in OpenGL/LWJGL?
Can I use multiple OpenGL version together
Is OpenGL 1.1 really slow?
C++ Using clock() with IsKeyDown
PHP and Javascript/HTML5 Collaboration
UV mapping doesn't work without duplicating vertices, but duplicating will reduce performance, right? Is there another solution?
Why do most game devs prefer OGL for OS X and D3D for Windows?
Which type of Xbox console should I get to begin developing games on it?
XNA 2D game fullscreen issue
GLSL code is very slow...why?
8 directional movement - Maintain vertical position
Oriented Bounding Box - How to?
FFMPEG Opengl video rendering
Browser UDP Relay with TCP Websocket
Finding holes in mesh
Smooth Sprite Movement - Don't Add Velocity to Position?
Jagged transparency when rendering translucent textures (OpenGL 3.2 + GLSL)
FlashPunk + Flashdevelop - How to use sponsor provided preloader
How to design rating (leaderboard)
How do I protect my game with CD key / serial number?
Accessing other classes from a Box2D (farseer) body
Minecraft - How do I check if someone has a clear inventory
Problem with GLFW input
Put objects on a 2D maps using a matrix of distances
Physics movement prediction is way off
XML serialization error on XBOX 360
Rendering a minimap from large bitmap
What Java library/framework for a game with Baldur's Gate like grapics?
How to split login and game logic when writing servers?
Guidelines when rigging a character
OpenGL: Transformations
How to display height information in tilemap
help using image to overlay grayscale around player
Books that discuss practical rendering techniques?
Implementing a color picker
XNA Block engine Block update problem
Coordinates different between Tiled editor and my game
Depth sorting 2D textures in a batch with OpenGL ES 2.0
Input handling in component based design
Deploying MonoGame without OpenAL or Installer
App Programming Question: Converting Code and Project Folders for the Smartphone's OS Compatibility
Preserving Cocos2D context between UIKit screens
How can I extend btCollisionAlgorithm to enable collision with a voxel terrain?
My SDL Game executable cannot run outside codeblocks
Smooth rotation
Bezier curve not drawn correctly
How do I make Windows store recognize multiple resolutions?
moving from XNA to LWJGL
Converting motionevent.getx and motionevent.gety to pixel or Object coordinates in the view
Lerp vs Vector math: one better than the other?
Animation: mid-state
How does professional audio fit into game design?
Collision in PyGame for spinning rectangular object.touching circles
2D js physics engine for HTML4
How to structure (the code in) a multiplayer game
SDL_types.h file not found using xcode
Detect Sprites, they are in Shape or Not which random draw in Cocos2d
Skysphere to Skybox Texture Conversion
How can I solve this animation
Loading a vertex shader compiled by Visual Studio 2012
Did old games like Golden Axe or Street or Rage use tilemaps?
Distribute circles evenly on Screen - circle packing
Calculate combat result between 2 units
Render video from file to DirectX11 texture
Using two FBOs results in the second FBO having nothing drawn to
Sound activated particlesystem
AABB of a sphere's screen space projection
3D isometric depth sorting
Android: Improving surfaceView?
Rendering an object more than once
Playing basic imported animations in UDK
Converting a 2D curve into points for data storage
How should I manage the AI using lua scripts?
Opengl lighting not working
Libgdx Particle Editor: Blank UI elements
LWJGL MouseY Coordinates are flipped
Javascript - create a new bullet instance every time a user event is triggered
Import FBX with multiple meshes into UDK
XNA 2D: How to load/unload specific content by level
build a server clock in client
Ghost replay - storage and timing
Collision Filtering in Box2D
Making Video Games In pure Java, where to go?
Using crittercism with Unity
Where to find market research info on adventure games?
SetBase with a KActor descendant does not appear to function
What's the best way of transforming a 2D vector into the closest 8-way compass direction?
How to correctly check for HW T&L on Direct3D?
3D pathing finding with flying
Determining Poker Hands
Implementing a build queue in a browser based game
How do I resolve asynchronous client actions against an authoritative server state?
Is it possible to push real-world, real-time data into Unity?
How can you implement Lua into your game?
How compatible is OpenAL?
Plotting entities on a radar
How does one load TMX files into a SFML game?
Powerup Best practices
Box2D - Do these simple objects need to be in the simulation?
XNA SpriteBatch.Draw with rotation, scaling and origin?
Complex Models using bounding boxes in xna 4
Deferred rendering and gaussian blur - artifacts
In 2d game logic, should I use pixels or world coordinates?
Where and how to check if game was developed with bought Unity3D licence (not cracked app)?
What is the Box2D coordinates system?
How to draw a Bezier line with shaders?
What are the main requirements to port a game to Linux
How might I script the creation of CLR objects?
Sharing the XNA executable of my game on dropbox
Game loosely based on a copyrighted story
XNA Help - Slerping the KoolAid
Networked Physics - Interpolation Causes Physics Engine to Explode
Calculating a RPG character's wages based off their attributes?
How to do FoV similiar to Nethack?
How do I debug two android devices simultaneously in Eclipse?
XNA drawing textures on random positions
Is there a fully featured OBB class for Ogre3D?
Does it make sense to use Lua scripting in a game developed in Python?
Can you suggest ways to store and track lots of objects in a turn based strategy game?
How precise should timers in update loops be?
Build a Cube/Prism from other varied Cubes/Prisms
How do I apply 2 rotations about different points to a single primitive using OpenGL
pytmx: issue trying to get the correct texture rectangle for sprite for objetcs on map
Movement on a curved planet surface
When should I load assets for optimal performance?
Integer vs String for "type" data in data-driven games
How can I replicate the color limitations of the NES with an HLSL pixel shader?
Checking bounds of a quad
3D Collision Detection with XNA
Simple pass-through geometry shader with normal and color
Is it better to import photoshop files or illustrator files into flash?
Platform independent replacement for LuaInterface
What causes polygonal twitching in older games?
World-map navigation and path-finding
Why does glGetString returns a NULL string
Does Unity support 2D tiles/blocks?
3D game demo in XNA
I would like to build a 2D multiplayer game. Do I need a game engine or not?
Better quality texture when zooming
Following a path in a smooth fashion
Selecting and moving vertices
Get timing correct with client side prediction
Collision with Two Angled Platforms
Perlin Noise for game terrain; math error (unexpected breaks in terrain (3D grid))
Attribute ownership in Entity Component systems
Devices or Smartphones That Can Run and Displayed Images Properly While Power of 2 Code is Disabled
Ligdx Box2d : convert box2d coordinates into screen coordinates
What is XNA's GameTime used for?
XNA seams between 3d primitives in tiled terrain
Limit sprite to windows bounds?
Render rotated rectangle inside other rectangle bounds using Libgdx
How to calculate size of object depending of its height on the screen?
Is it normal that "Game.Run" in XNA uses a lot of resources?
Should "games played this week" be computed from a fixed or running time span?
How do I change the window position in Unrealscript?
When I create more than one boundary, every one but the most recent breaks
Getting started to OpenGL - little question
Checking collisions on isometric grids with offsets
Unable to detect continuous keypress event in SDL
Unity game onto Windows 8 store
EXTREMELY Confused Over "Constant Game Speed Maximum FPS" Game Loop
Programmatically creating billboards in unity
Textures loading too large on smaller monitors
A big light with shadows
Jump function of player
Mobile game textures sizes
Cocos2d Vertical Doodle-Jump Like Scrolling
culling lines on the back of a globe
RPG game engine. Skill application calculations
how to rotate enemy to face player?
How to debug Direct3D resource leak?
Why do restitution values less than one still cause infinite bouncing in Box2D?
How To Create Scrolling Menu in Xna?
How does Minecraft update process work?
Best technique to create oldschool (fake 3D) racing game?
Canvas background from sprite (HTML5)
xna: Methods for having sprite characters in 3d game?
What makes movement feel smooth, and what are some standard methods to achieve this?
What to use as a Box2D renderer in a release version?
How to share Lua script between instances?
How to use LuaJIT the same that Lua in a C++ program?
Camera - View matrix in Android + openGLES 2
JBox2D simple example for Android?
How rotate a 3D cube at its center XNA?
Unity3D smooth movement with joypad button press
Not repeating background in platformer
Zoom In/Out Camera To Show Whole World
Sprite Animations in XAML for Windows Phone 8
What is the recommended way to output values to FBO targets? (OpenGL 3.3 + GLSL 330)
ShapeRenderer efficiency on games
How do I convert a 2D movement (from mouse) to a displacement along a 3d axis?
OpenGL: Resizing Display and glOrtho/glViewport
Mapping 3D object coordinates to 2D screen coordinates with perspective projection
Eclipse/LibGDXgame doesn't load textures
Scene - human speed correlation
Java2D Collision Detection
How do I blend 2 lightmaps for day/night cycle in Unity?
Class Responsibility
Extending ModelProcessor
Performace benchmark between a C++ and a C# renderer engine?
What are the hidden cost while deploying game with Unity3D?
Packaging a Java game for Linux
Vertical vs horizontal hex grids, pros and cons
Is caching tiles like this a good idea?
Simple 2D hair simulation/manipulation
Proper use of Dynamic Vertex Buffers for rapid update
Problem with sensor in box2d
How does QCSAA actually work in nVidia GPUs?
Voice recognition libraries - C++
how to make animation for a 2d game
How can I normalize a vector if I am handling movment of each axis seperatley?
How do I set up in-app purchasing in iOS?
Why doesn't glBindVertexArray work in this case?
iOS cocos2d - sprite gets stuck in collision detection
Creating A Bounding Box around each item in a list XNA 4.0
How to display an image stored in GPU video memory
Creating a frustum for culling in world-space glm matrices
Using timer to reverse enemy movement in Flash game made with Flixel
How to obtain a camera stream from Unity without rendering it to the player's screen?
Why is there such a problem to create realistic eyes in games?
Unity3D Camera constantly moving
Different shaders for different objects DirectX 11
What is the point of caling Draw() as often as possible?
How to combine multiple sprite sheets from multiple sources (Actionscript/Starling)
When to use ShapeRenderer & SpriteBatch in libGdx?
SpriteBatch.end() Issue because of a thread
in the shadow of a sphere
Territory patrol planning
Getting a 2D "pixel" cloud to follow a mouse
Debug Render In Cocos2d Android
How to make a simple HUD with no library
OpenGL - can't use glew 3.0
Bullets Spawning in same direction
Can I take pictures of things I own and use them in a game as art assets or is that an IP violation?
How do I modify the health of an entity after it has been created?
Blender: How to merge multiple meshes of same object?
Calculate new coords of camera after a 90 degree rotation in an isometric 2D projection
Asset workflow for Blender models?
Which version of AndEngine (gles1 or gles2) should I learn?
XNA project won't target .NET 4.0
Difference between "staggered" isometric and "normal" isometric tilemaps?
Quaternion handedness issue
League of Legends Spectator Stream Format
CPU Usage on the UI thread Warning - XNA WP7.1
Blender - baking normal map - weird colors
Android Virtual Pet Gameloop
What should I consider when evaluating libraries, engines and frameworks for making a game?
How to create/edit a weapon in ut2004's unrealed?
Pixelated Normal Generation
Why cant I use slick-util with image IO and bufferedImage
Point Sprites vs Textured Quads in Open GLES 2.0
Deferred decals normal problem
Slick2D ingoring aplha channel?
Trying to run sample AndEngine gles2 code in the simulator throws "java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: No EGLConfig found!", how can I fix this?
How to transform a shadow map to camera view?
XNA cursor lag
Memory clean up in scene management (AndEngine)
Which sketch-to-3D-model software is available?
Defect in polygon sorting
How do I export Daz3D characters into an XNA format?
How to cache a large object
Swap Child and Child's Child
How do I store level-data in Android?
Detecting Screen Resolution in Android/AndEngine to display high or low quality images
Apparent tunneling with issue bounding box collision detection
XNA .fbx model imported sideways
Model View Controller linking dynamic model to view
Using depth buffer on a sprite
Shadow artifacts caused by filtering
Art style - setting - gameplay
limiting jump forces to achieve a maximum jump height
Alternative to soundeffect.play()?
sdl: unlock mouse in fullscreen mode and make it useable on another monitor
Collision detection in pong style multiplayer network game
A* for non grid network
Collision detection - Smooth wall sliding, no bounce effect
Unlocking XNA game update rate and preventing unnecessary Draw calls and heavy logic Updates
SDL_Image and typical SDL BMP loading fails completely
Max texture size Android : which settings for 2048x2048?
problem adding bumpmap to textured gluSphere in JOGL
Choosing a correct collisionshape for a voxel engine
How to get a texture from current point of view in OpenGL 2.0 ES?
How to translate from Slick2d coordinates to jBox2d
which courses in Computer Science are really needed for game development?
2D tile-based collisions: using different methods by tile?
Drawing Sprites in Android OpenGL efficiently?
How to finish a sprite animation before going back to default animation?
Create Random Platformer-Gameworld
how to run game server
Knob in DigitalOnScreenControl not moving. Why?
Saving model image
Applying an outline effect to primitives
UV Mapping Problems
Typical Maximum steering angle of a real car
How can I prevent seams from showing up on objects using lower mipmap levels?
Why does my RigidBody collision fail depending on which entity is moving?
Is a 10 meg 2048x2048 bitmap too big a size texture to use in an OpenGL game?
Why is forward=down mouse orientation commonly called "inverted"?
glsl 150 struct in uniform buffer object
How to detect screen boundary using AndEngine GLES1?
Does my 2D OpenGL renderer need optimized?
How do I make a custom tileset for Flixel that supports autotiling?
Unity3d select empty gameobjects in scene
3d objects in binary files
cocos2d - exclude GUI layer transformation
How to support all iOS device screen sizes / resolutions in my game
Showing Parallax entity and AutoParallax entity on same scene in AndEngine
How to make a map
Client Side Logic vs Server Side Logic for HTML5 Game
Choose your own adventure console program
Farseer Physics: How to create shape from Vertices?
In Box2D, how can I get the compression force on a specific body?
How to create simple acceleration in a 2D sprite?
Making The Player Stop Bouncing And Stop Sinking In The Ground In A Platformer XNA
How to occlude lights in Unity3D?
Sketchy results from ray-plane intersection code
How can I prevent a buggy old version of my game from posting scores to the Gamecenter Leaderboards?
XNA Skinned Model - Keyframe.Bone out of range exception
How to maintain artistic consistency when working with multiple artists?
C++/OpenGL Game - How to Make it Compatible with Screen Recorders?
Where should I put my mob rendering code?
Why does my sprite animation sometimes runs faster?
Strange rendering in Direct3D 10
IwGame (Marmalade): Does CIwGameSprite support SVG? How?
Shooting Bullets Around a Sphere
How to force playing attack animation until the end?
Applying Angular Acceleration in a Basic Physics Model
Loading custom shader in Monogame
Objects not Colliding
Finding Surface of Inner Volume mesh
Diplomacy Systems
PHP keeping track of how many online rooms exist
Expensive operations and threading in XNA games
Mega Man screen scrolling in JavaScript
How to get a large quantity of photographs in an app while being memory efficient??
Can threads be used to run resource consuming methods without -ever- freezing UI?
How to design the AI for a board game like Risk?
How do I support variable screen ratios using AndEngine?
How to convert a silhouette to a blob?
What matrix operations do I perform to translate then rotate then translate then rotate?
HDR / Tone Mapping - choosing parameters
Messed up UVs in Unity3D for Android
creating a UI menu in c++
Making a Box2D ball bounce to constant height
Using compressed(ETC1) textures in LibGDX
AABB-AABB sliding collision response
Are .sln / .csproj usefull for sharing the Unity project?
Pygame fails on KEYDOWN with Russian keyboard layout
Should I load a game map as a tile map or as an image map?
How to make a Unity3d program/plugin and publish it on Asset Store?
How can I switch between scenarios in a text game?
What happens to data between vertex shader and pixel shader?
Receiving keyboard events on a canvas in Javascript
Movement constrained to the faces of a cube
Should I target a mobile phone or simulation tools are good enough?
How to Change default Mouse pointer on emulator in Android?
How does 8-bit computers emulator work on modern days computer if the 8-bit computers software is proprietary? Do they need a permission?
Poor image quality on Android through Unity Remote
Improving performance of a particle system (OpenGL ES)
Managing graphic state and components?
Does Unity's "Transparent Bumped Specular" translate to "semi-shiny must be semi-transparent"?
Sketchup model renders wrong in XNA
Last level of puzzle games - hard or easy?
How can I access bitmaps created in another activity?
Xna custom mouse not allowing me to move its sprite past certain bounds
Outline sprites
Returning The Position Of A Sprite Drawn & Updated By A List
What kinds of 3D objects should a game engine have?
Converting Animation data from Maya to DirectX in C++
3D Character Development
Automatch / queueing players
Should I calculate in meters or pixels
What's a simple way of sending game data between phones?
Matrix in constant buffer on the GPU contains NaNs but not on the CPU
Geometry problem for area of sight
Loading levels in XNA from XML
LibGDX Swipe Detection Left and Right
How to setup a client to work with a remote server or a local included server?
Repeat image on a fixed background, Cocos2D?
How can I change the acceleration of an object to arrive at a particular time?
joystick movement for Geometry Wars clone
Simulate forces on a connected chain
java app goes too slow in android os
Android emulator with acceleration and gyroscope simulation
Problem with default 3rd person controller in Unity 4
Application design for specific points on image
Get intersected volume of two planes in 3D
How would I make an air hockey AI?
Making Procedurally Generated Top-Down Landscapes Interesting
How can I create a 2D camera with upscaling and translation?
Are javascript MVC model implementations too slow for games?
Rotation of Rectangle along Y-axis transformed to parallelogram
Game library for 2D animation JS browsergame
Free animated character models for my first Unity game
Why does matrix multiplication lead to different result if it's done on CPU, compared to GPU(shader)?
How does the Path of Exile ItemRenderer determine the items' rarity?
Using IGameComponent and related interfaces in MonoGame
How to set multiple times, in a single spritebatch, the same pixel shader parameter
Atmospheric scattering sky from space artifacts
How can I render multiple windows with DirectX 9 in C++?
How to get an affect for balloon bursting in XNA?
What format(s) does Blender 2.6 support well enough to use with my game?
xna creating game stage management contrls
Increasing speed of circle over time as linear with Box2d
Fluid Particle Grid
Where and how to smooth a voxel-based terrain surface?
Collision Resolution: How to avoid Interpenetration/Tunneling Caused by Prior Collision Handling?
Masking a CCLayer
Game theory games with very counter-intuitive results?
Controls become inverted after a collision
Stars coming out of screen
Importing Fbx files
Do "write once run anywhere" engines require platform specific code for multiplayer?
SpriteBatch.Draw with scale or rotation trigger a new batch?
Dynamic Textures
Defining an OpenGL unit
synchronizing view state between nodes in a rendering cluster
Camera Math for Directions
How to load a custom SpriteFont?
Geometry shaders on Surface RT
Are there still advantages to using gl_quads?
Matrix Translation Transformation Question
Grouped enemy movement out of sync after changing directions
Problem rendering cube using DirectX 11
How to make a gui button follow a path after a touch?
What would be best practice of client comunication in a multiplayer game
How to set an EditorGUI foreground color for the light Unity skin?
How do I create a scrollableparallax background in AndEngine GLES1
Creating Input layouts for different vertex types
Character movement relative to cursor position
Implementing a camera on HTML5 canvas?
How do I implement an AutoParallax Background in AndEngine GLES1?
Collision Response: game character vs. density function
Career in game development move: hone developper skills, go indie, or a mix?
Parallax background positions when jumping
How should we determine which portions of the game to develop first?
Why won't my Box2d bodies collide?
Adding Shader Model 3.0 support to my Direct3D9 app
Premultiplied Alpha And Alpha Testing
2D car physics and high speed turning
Calculating transform of arrow model pointing at some point in 3D space
Y and X - Am I doing it wrong?
How can I get a property of an entity without having to call getEntityByType every time?
Can I use p/invoke in libraries loaded as assets in Unity Free?
Obj Blender Export Recommendation for OpenGL C++
Custom XNA installer
How to check the device type using Adobe AIR for iOS
I'm having trouble with collision detection in XNA
web based quizz game database design, how do I store results?
What program generates character sprite sheets like this?
Entity/Component based engine rendering separation from logic
Change opacity of a texture in XNA 4.0
How to change Vectors due to change in it's dependent Base Vector?
How to force a line break before the last word of a line reach the edge?
How to implement collision detection of portals?
Optimising out tiles outside of viewport
Sending high scores to a web server in an open source game
Compare Mouse X,Y with Grid X,Y to find the closest grid position
How to implement armor?
Creating and connecting rooms for a roguelike
Map state in XNA on WP8
How to setup Authentication Database and Game Database?
My ClanLib based Keyboard Manager not working
Moving an object toward another object on sphere knowing their quaternions
How do I calculate the z-coordinate for a perspective-camera in 2D?
Animate Using setScale()
Flixel: Is it possible to use a spritesheet for FlxButtonPlus?
How do I eliminate black bar artifacts in AndEngine/TMX plugin?
How to build a math module and simulate a system?
Does iOS support BC4 compressed texture?
Structuring server-side networking with entity-component systems
What's the appropriate way to define configuration settings of game objects for a proper code accessed via C++?
Client Server Multiplayer Project
Geometry shader worldviewprojection
Rotate Box Sprite With Circle Body
Scaling and rotating texture onto another texture by raw buffer data
How do I improve terrain rendering batch counts using DirectX?
Translating a terrains position using input in Unity 3D C#
Deep copying or cloning in actionscript 3
Mario like jumping and landing in box2d, help
Revolve FlxSprites Around a Central FlxSprite in Flash Game made with Flixel
Incorrect colour blending when using a pixel shader with XNA
Creating rectangles from the inner part of a texture2D
Texturing 2D vectorial terrain (or simply masking texture)
Pick and Drop the Ball Testing Without Replicating the Physics Frame
how to load normals for a model from texture2d?
Using git with XNA
XNA Kinect Color Stream Performance Issues
OpenGL: why do I have to set a normal with glNormal?
Distance between two objects?
Implementing multithreaded loading screens
Ways to "invert Z-axis" in shader-based core-profile OpenGL?
Distance between two points with staggered isometric coordinate system
Cut a translucent square in a texture
How to attach a sprite to a TMXTiledMap at a particular coordinate, in AndEngine?
Simple javascript HTML5 canvas start menu
JFrame launcher stays open when I'm finished with it
One or multiple VertexBuffers
OpenGL accepted image formats
Receiving server data inside game loop
Libgdx body passing through block then fall on it
What are the benefits of using a 2D game engine on Android?
How to implement bullet physics in libgdx
Simulating building stress
Merging InputProcessor and GestureDetector
How do I get the child of a unique parent in ActionScript?
Path-finding with obstacles that can be destroyed
Creating stable tentacle structures
Why do I get an error "exit() redefinition" while using OpenGL?
Is there a way to make a game using lwjgl work on android?
How can I create a 3D point cloud in WPF?
How do I create a camera for a strategy game?
When do I use VBO?
Libgdx import bin/xml/json from physics editor
XNA Games running on Windows 8
Moving the camera as in a first person shooter
How to scroll background image-Android App
Looking to create a game with a small indie team, where to start?
XNA 4 Content Pipeline dependency
How to obtain a pointer to the compiled shader in D3D11
Switching to a vertex shader
Tile Maps in Java JFrame Game
Packaging XNA game studio with project
Unity: OnCollisionEnter not called
How to implement homing missiles with loops while in transit?
OpenGL ES screen to world coordinate
Proper approach to handle transformation matrix and extract its components
Setting Up GLEW with VS2012
How can SpriteBatch use a single texture/asset as multiple independent objects/instances
Moving A Sprite In The Direction Its Facing XNA
Accumulating rotations for camera
Common practice when handling sprite animation
lemniscate of Bernoulli
Should I learn OpenGL 1.5?
Isometric Error: decrement iteration removes tiles
Why does handedness matter at all?
Is Minecraft's source code available?
Bullet Manager Class
How well (or badly) does Minecraft SMP scale?
How to draw millions of cubes without idle , model instancing in XNA?
Speech recognition and AI in language learning platform
How do I make a ship fire shots?
How does this example make efficeint voxel engines using "chunks"?
How to render a tilemap efficiently?
CCSequence with two CCAction
Making various shapes equally difficult to tap
Physics body with custom shape
Can you use well known buildings in your game?
Mixing threads and coroutines in Unity3D Mobile
How to structure code for many unique weapons/spells/powers
Networking Questions: Serialization and Frequent Small Packets or Fewer Large Packets
Rotating plane to be parallel to given normal via change of basis
opengles display human face in iphone and animate it?
Algorithm to see if two voxels are interconnected
Collision detection optimization for a top down shooter
Moving AutoParallaxBackground's ParallaxEntity in X and Y direction
Where to show user shot's power on touch screen?
License for a casino game with virtual money (chips)
how to add fog to a model instantiated in Xna?
Voxel terrain engine
Is it legal to pack LibGdx libraries in my jar file? And to obfuscate them?
Dynamic model scaling
How do I allow a player to build a dedicated server, but prevent them from cheating?
Quit the application when clicking cancel button of Alert View in C#
Packet handling system architecture?
QuadTree Subdivision Issue
My 2d Shader in XNA falls apart the second I put it into Farseer
Game development lesson plan (9-12yr old)
What should I do about legal considerations for an indie game?
Moving Sprite With Physics Frame
How to make 2d map that isnt based on tiles
How can I use triangle picking to determine location of a triangle in world space coordinates?
Game Design Issue: Special items implementation
Building placement in tilemaps (pattern matching)
Determining if removal of a voxel will break up a group
LWJGL Eclipse Resource Deployment
How to extract euler angles from transformation matrix?
Semi Transparent Background in Scene
Implementing a basic jump in libgdx
Moving a sprite towards an x and y coordinate
Creating a BufferedImage with several smaller images?
Using DirectX9 within Visual Studio 2012 in Windows 8?
Single or Multiple Behavior Trees?
Do opengl games tend to use multiple shaders?
How to make a cube mesh and texture for XNA use?
Mixing animations
Where can I find complete multilingual in-game dialogue transcripts?
RPG Chance to Dodge formula
DXGI and 2+ full screen displays on Windows 7
Which way to go after C++?
How do you parameterize turn based AI?
What are the basic game activities?
XNA GameComponent.Initialize() not called
Rotate object to always face camera
Repeating UVs wont convert to texture in maya
How to create a fog effect in XNA with PixelShaderFunction?
Required Throwable found SlickException when initializing states
Swap limbs of a skinned mesh
Tiled map seen from an angle
Model too small in Orthographic view
Rotate an image and get back to its original position - opengles glkit
Augment an existing game with touch gestures
How do I stop overlapping shapes when collision detected in AndEngine?
Reward volatility of League of Legends matchmaking system
OpenGL VBO Additional Attributes
Make colour change depending on time
Why should I choose to design a health bar rather than heart containers?
What is Ramp Shading or Lighting?
Are models on 3D warehouse free of copyright?
2D animation: Animated 3D models or sprites with animation frames?
What knowledge do I need to learn Unity?
Changing colour while keeping gradient
How to remove jitter from motion input?
Tutorials for shadow mapping with multiple point lights in XNA
C++ formatted serialization
I want to start making 2D Games with C++ or #C
Creating a simple 2d engine (C++), best way to create an Sprite class?
Extension method must be defined in a non-generic static class when adding static bool function
An object twice as close appears twice as big?
A view and projection matrix oddity?
unity3d nullreferenceexception
Realistic 2D Planetary Physics Engine?
Translate camera position toward camera orientation
Handling Different Aspect Ratios for a Multiplayer Game
How to add a movieclip to the stage then make it move down?
Is there a 3d animation software that prioritizes working with code rather than GUI?
Make a layer over an image and adjust its co-ordinates by touch
How can auto-click software be detected to stop botting/cheating?
How to use an object created in a function in other functions?
How do I connect different parts on Blender?
Lockstep Game Loop
Can I load a SpriteFont without a content project?
Selecting the entities needed for rendering
How to trace contour of shapes with holes?
'perfect' platformer base Xna
Pygame Bounding Box at Player Feet
Voxel engine artifacts
Input handling with callbacks
How can I export Blender game logic for controlling actor actions?
How can I full-screen a Facebook canvas game?
Is a HashTable the best way to store replay data in C#?
Implementing tile-based movement on 2D platformer
are most 2D games tille based?
XNA 4.0 Plane size
Can't move bone on blender. "Location" transform grayed out
How does streaming of games work?
How do you display non-cutout transparent 2D textures with a depth buffer? (OpenGL)
Gravity/collision problems: models jumping
How to check if a numerical value is equal to a whole number in c++?
Drawing multiple sprites with clear screen for every frame
Should the networking of my game be a component or a service?
Draw 60,000 cubic with DrawUserPrimitives on xna with only 20 fps-buffer problem?
Using buttons on Smartphone shooter games
GameTimer too fast, Objects staying intersected and rand not returning value in between min and max
Collision detection against large arbitrarily shaped textures
independent lighting per mesh in blender
What is an efficient/safe way to broker head to head communication for a mobile game
AndEngine; Box2D - high speed body overlapping, prismatic joints
Collisions reflecting ball velocities incorrectly
What data structure to use to implement ocean currents and trade-winds
Smoothing a shot power curve
games logic based on closed shapes
Pixel perfect collisions for platforms
Swapping limbs between meshes
Why (SDL) animated filled-circle leaves trail of movement?
3D turret tracking in XNA 4.0
GLES2 rendering performance for different iPad generations
Get ring of tiles in hexagon grid
World space and model space the dummies version
Why do most games save the players team as a short int in the player class and not as a pointer to a team object?
iSGL3D Occlusion Culling
XNA 2D Particle in 3D world
Game Editor - When screen is clicked, how do you identify what coordinate you clicked?
Changing textures on a Model messes up antialiasing? (XNA)
Will this Entity Code work?
Camera frustum calculation coming out wrong
deferred rendering and point light radius
Random Zelda-style map generation
Why doesn't a line draw after instantiating it on a thread other than the renderer thread?
How do you accommodate newbies while still creating depth in the design of light/dark systems for MUDs (or other text-based games)?
UDK: Animating characters with weapons
Getting correct angles between Vector3s
Should my platformer have collectibles?
Regarding physics engines and the GPU
What concepts are there for interactive water?
Rotation matrix from OpenGL to DirectX
First Person Shooter vertical mouse aim
Starting out - should I make complete games or just play around?
Android Game an
GLImpl.gldrawelements longer than usual
Does this UV mapping method look ok?
XNA Transparency depending on drawing order?
Moving an object (pong paddle) along the x,y axis in 3d-space with mouse/touch
Rotate Points with Object in world space
2D Software Lighting Issues in Java
How does Unity use C# as a scripting language?
Is it bad practice to set the velocity of an object every loop?
Choosing the correct isometric character facing direction
Weird stuttering with fixed-timestep, variable-framerate game loop
Android activities, when to use them?
Making a DX9 game resolution independent
How do I prevent XNA from pausing Updates while the window is being resized/moved?
How to Render Cylinder with built in function D3DXCreateCylinder in Directx9 with Delphi-Xe2 and JEDI?
Create cylinder using OpenGL-ES
Emulate border color texture address mode efficiently
How should I calculate the new angle/direction of my ball hitting a wall?
What are normal, tangent and binormal vectors and how are they used?
D3DXCreateEffect Performance
How to effectively check for object visibility prior to object creation?
Touch Gesture Map Movement
How to avoid gimbal lock
What effect does the amount of 0 in a stat have.
Swarm/crowd movement with box2d?
Using 4096*4096 background image in uinty tk2d
Collision Detection - Slide Around Sprite
How can I render the whole faces instead of only the vertices?
Server fixed timestep not running at 30Hz but way way too fast
Making the player walk on walls in box2d
Would a custom mod built for RakNet be automatically usable with Unity?
Love2D : Problem rotating image in a SpriteBatch
Physics Simulation - Pushing an object with user control
Latency difference between DirectSound and XAudio2
How can I output multiple sprite sheets from a single .fla?
How do I check for non tilted 2D rectangle collision?
Type Error for hit testing two objects created with actionscript
Spawning enemies at way points
How do you set event after a pawn takes damage?
Windows Phone XNA guarding storage data
Help developing grid maps
Which game engine does "Ridiculous Fishing"(iOS) use?
How to create high quality and fast portal effect?
How can tell if a player has performed some action in UDK?
A controlled trapezoid transformation with perspective projecton
HLSL Triplanar texturing and multi texturing performance
Directional light and matrix issues
How wise is this multithreading architecture?
How to draw different textures on my cubes DrawUserIndexPrimitive with XNA?
Weird behavior with XNA SpriteBatch.Draw origin
Is there a good comprehensive walk-through of deriving the math for 3D model rendering that starts from scratch?
How to create levels (tile maps)
Event-driven vs state synchronizing networking model
DirectX11 without window attached?
Travelling in a 2D grid
Unity3d how to show an image downloaded from HTTP
UML Class Diagrams for 2D platformer Games?
What operations should be multithreaded?
How can determine the number of instances of an object in Game Maker?
CPU usage, game loop and sleep()
How do I achieve supersampling / anti-aliasing in pixel shaders?
LWJGL Game crashes on some other machines
Moving a sprite diagonal?
3ds max render to texture in PNG
How to get a smooth dimming with SSAO?
General Sequence of Events for a 2D shooter
Shouldn't fragment lighting have the same effect as vertex lighting with only ambient and diffuse lights?
Theory behind worm like movement?
What is the simplest way to export a bezier curve created in Blender to a text file?
Why texture coordinate of flat surface reflection is calculated like this in fragment shader?
How do I programmatically remove an image's background color?
How do I implement my old OpenGL-based gfx_render_triangle_list using DX11?
Inventory Grid Detection
XNA draw model partially
Scrambling word into least recognizable form
What is the best design pattern to apply effects and abilities?
Projectile immediately intersecting with target
XNA Framework doesn't recognise controller
Generate inner polygon from a parent polygon
Is there a way to make a dynamic world such as a MMORPG horizontally scalable?
How to solve artifacts caused by vertex lighting in my voxel engine?
WinAPI SwapBuffers and Threads
Hex tile systems and the efficient use of classes
Canvas isometric translations to integer coordinates
Smoother controls
GLSL Motion blur on mobile.. possible at acceptable framerates?
Pixel Shader gradient problems
Isn't it redundant to implement both lights and shadows?
How expensive is OpenGL Texture Binding
How can I control the frame update rate of a thread?
Interpolating a player between two 2D points?
Moving character on x axis
Physics engine for Billiard game
Can I transfer C# coding I do in Unity for practice to another 3d engine?
Are interleaved vertex data formats better than non-interleaved formats?
Source control for storing everything of game project?
Android multi screen rendering
Implementing water effects (splashes) into XNA 4.0 game
How to scale a sprite with its center as origin?
Creating offline multiplayer Android games with Unity
How can I obtain a copy of the Kinect commercial SDK?
Can "dumbphones" play JavaScript games?
Adjusting a skeleton to a Specific Stance
Game Designer or Game Programmer, please help me choose!
Minimum target iOS version for games
How can I handle a bunch of achievements in a game?
Difference between Decision Trees & Behavior Trees for Game AI
Jittery effects with collisions
XNA 4.0, FBX and Texture Loading Failures
I need a professional icon for my Android/iPhone game: how should I proceed?
Is OpenCTM sill under active development?
Is there a material format for OpenCTM files?
Displacement Mapping opengl-es
Camera in Flash
multiplayer game in openGL
How To Correctly Extend the Sprite Class in LibGDX
How do I create a 3rd person camera?
Love2D : How can I keep up with lots of small sprites' collision data?
Set a 2d camera's position so that a building is under the players feet
How to rotate one object around another moving object in 3-d?
Behavior Trees :: Actions That Take Longer Than One Tick
Enhancing ambient occlusion via vert colors on vertex lit scene
Problem reseting device when using render target
Determining which line to collide with
Removing the titlebar while using slick2d?
Do I have to ask for permission to use real company logos for advertising props in the world in my sports game?
Looking for ios game design management document template
'No Platforms Found' error in Unity Android
Checking game objective status in efficient way on each update call
Can I switch scenes by swipe gesture or drag
Good technological solutions to build an ascii map and moving characters in a browser (like dwarf fortress)?
Displaying (3D) objects' name above them
Generic Class Name for RTS
Compiling a Monogame Game into a single .exe
How do I map a 2D grid to my game object coordinates?
Pong collision detection
multi user web game with scheduled processing?
How can I convert screen coordinatess to world coordinates in OpenTK?
Changing game controls using .txt file
Dependency setup between libGDX projects in Eclipse IDE
Unity3d iOS: unable to find iPhone_GlesSupport.h
Javascript board game: looking for optimization
How do I get smooth edges with OpenGL on Android?
The most efficient and accurate game loop?
How to know the boundaries of an isometric tile?
Generated Perlin noise is not coherent (sharp edges)
How do I pass textures into a fragment shader in Slick?
How to get pixels affected by a light in deferred shading?
Driver error when using multiple shaders
Making up everything from single pixels
Releasing a game without really having an officially registered company
What's the best way to draw lots of trees
Delta Time in Videos
Why is my sky color calculation in Mathematica incorrect?
Approach on how to split game assets into split archives
Android bitmap placing
Efficient types of 2D animation
Why are graphics engines writen in C/C++, when games are GPU bound?
How to get characters to be aware that their path is obstructed?
How to go about front end UI to main Game Engine and then to Game Over Phase
Cost of changing scene in andengine
How do I provide a fully programmable pipeline for rendering?
What is the state of the art of ray tracing on the GPU?
Lerp an object based on timers
Why does this Unity code work as expected only with the while loop?
Box2D OpenGL debug renderer convert box2d coordinates to world space
Creating physics in xna
