Can I save this crop of broccoli that bolted early?
Should I prune lavender on a cold/wet day in Spring?
Cactus Identification: miniature branching species with reddish areolas
Can we grow vegetables in a raised bed surrounded by trees?
Starting seeds in egg cartons
Should I overseed this overgrown lawn?
Should I clean pruning shears with hot water, alcohol, or similar?
Are bird's nest ferns deeply rooted?
Ferns have not survived winter, what might be the case?
Why is my avocado tree dying and how can I reverse it?
Android Plant App for garden plants and trees
What is this climbing plant with blue flowers?
Spring Cleanup: How to preserve beneficial insects
When and how do I trim these bushes?
Can I plant tagetes tenuifolia between grapevines and ribes?
Why is it best to start seeds in shallow trays?
What is this vine with large heart-shaped leaves found in western New York state?
I need to remove a ton of prickles
Why build a worm bin? Why can't you have a worm heap?
Should I cut off severely bent stems (folded on darker line or spot) on my Peace Lily?
When should I start watering flowers in the garden?
Damaged Lily leaves: Brown, yellow and cut. What to do?
Is it good to use fertilizer right after a Peace-Lily has been damaged from not being watered for several days?
Peace Lily. Inside of stem protrudes (see pic). Do I need to do something about it?
Is bottom heat important for successful germination of flower seeds?
Will sunflower seeds that have been left out all winter germinate?
How do I make my aloe plant beautiful again?
What are the Coldest Spring Temperatures to Overseed a Lawn?
What is this plant with odd-pinnate leaves that's growing under my oak tree in Florida?
Is this compost appropriate for transplanting/repotting tomatoes?
How do I stop rabbits from defecating and eating everything in my yard?
Should I Repot a Tall and Spindly Jade Plant?
What is a good way to get rid of fire ants in Florida?
What plants can I grow on my apartment balcony in India?
How critical is water during germination? Should I re-sow?
Germinating ALL vegetable/fruit/ornamental seeds in water before planting in soil
What is this part between the fuel line and primer bulb on my lawn mower?
How can I waterproof garden walls which have bad damage to the rendering?
Bonsai from tree cuttings
Should I remove dead grass/weeds from my raised beds before planting?
How should I deal with my willow tree that has been butchered by the council?
How long do chemicals persist in a pile of grass clippings?
Have I planted my tomato seedlings too close together?
What's the difference between hydroponics and aeroponics?
What is this shrub/tree with small green drupes in southern Texas?
How can I save my Venus Fly Trap after being watered with tap water?
Should I use a mycorrhizal inoculant when transplanting 4.5" caliper white oaks?
Are 3601 trays big enough to transplant vegetables to?
How can I save Yew bush branches severely bent by snow and ice?
How to 'clean' topsoil of weeds & pests before giving it to a friend
What is the name of these blue seeds?
What are the practical differences between cucurbits grown from seed and cuttings?
Could a spider be causing my orchids and cactus to die?
My live berry plants have been here a week. When do I put them in the ground?
What fluorescent bulb is best for my tomato seedlings?
How do I divide an overgrown Mammillaria cactus?
What is this bulb with a fuzzy purple and green flower head?
How should I grow Moneymaker tomato plants in indoor containers?
Where, when, and how can I plant magnolia trees?
Identify small, white, "ant-like" bug found in chips near tree
How can I find sprinkler valves buried in my yard?
Am I meeting the light requirements for indoor dwarf citrus trees?
How to fix a broken cactus
Adenium Boehmianum branches
What are good introductory texts on botanics and horticulture?
Can I grow a Szechuan/Sichuan pepper tree from store bought peppercorns meant for cooking?
Sansevieria leaves wrinkling and browning
Why is my apple seedling shriveling up after like 15 min, every time I remove the plastic dome?
What is this cactus with paper-looking spindles sticking out all around?
Shall I remove pea-sized rocks and gravels from soil before planting a flowering cherry?
Should I prune or remove fruit before transplanting a citrus tree?
Will diatomaceous earth hurt the earthworms in my garden
How did black-eyed Susans get their name?
Can I eat carrots with wormholes in them?
Which direction should I face my garden?
How do I deal with grass seed blown into a garden bed?
How can I add drainage to an area with shrubs already there?
Why would one tomato plant be full of tomatoes and the other one be empty?
What is the legality of growing San Pedro cacti in Florida?
How to make a galvanized steel stock tank in to self watering planter?
What is this sprawling vine with green leaves?
Is this a desease or pest on my pepper-seedlings?
Pruning overgrown pear tree
Are Seibel 13053(aka Cascade) grapevines phylloxera-resistant?
What is this weed and should I get rid of it?
Will top dressing over moss kill the moss?
Problem pulling the cord on my Honda GCV160e
Should I periodically restart my lemon grass?
Why is the grass under a temporary skating rink green when the rest of the lawn is dormant brown?
What is this small red/green leaf plant?
How to harvest whole walnuts of a tall tree in one day?
Can I use the water that collects on our large pool cover?
What is this weed, native to south-western Ohio?
Rue with white dots and some 3mm white bugs
How far do I space apart watermelon seedlings?
Greywater gravity irrigation control\float valve
What are the pros and cons of bagged mulch versus city mulch?
What kind of tulip is this with pink flowers which resemble water lilies?
Cactus ID: Globular, multiple straight prominent ribs, spiny, somewhat wooly, fibrous root
Do you know of ways that help a plant to produce more flowers?
What happen after nepenthes has flower
How to best care for redcurrants that were transplanted last autumn?
What is a good watering schedule for an Argyroderma?
Have I damaged my apple tree by cutting off a root?
How much water is needed using drip irrigation for Gold Mound hedge?
What's happening to my tulips?
Problem with pot roses
Which side of a dead branch should you prune?
What ate the leaves of my bell pepper plant?
What are the effects of keeping a clumping bamboo in a pot permanently?
Apply iron(II) sulfate and dolomitic lime at the same time?
Does this orchid have a viable stem? If not, will it grow one if transplanted to a larger pot?
Is there actually such a thing as a ripe green pepper?
Is it bad practice to leave dead roots in soil?
How long does it take for plant roots to break down?
Is total darkness acceptable for tomatoes to recover from transplant shock?
Tiny black flecks on squash and okra
What are the tiny white bugs on my spinach and how should I treat them?
Is there a way to straighten an older tree that started crooked?
How do I separate two lawns?
How do I remove moss from patio?
Stimulate lower stem regrowth of pepper plant
Can you use plastic mulch in the vegetable garden without drip irrigation?
When to transplant brassicas in legumes bed
How to grow vegetables from kitchen scraps?
Identify ant-like pests under rock
What is the best method/saw to cut through tough palm tree fronds with? (30-foot Queen Palms)
What are these yellow, eight-petal flowers?
Shrub with white flowers and lemon-jasmine scent
White spruce problem (yellow needles)
80mm decking post into a 75mm metal post holder
How to stimulate basal growth in a tree?
What is eating my basil?
Why should I prune roots of bare root blackberries before planting?
Most effective way to fix a poor drainage easement?
What is this plant with long fronds for leaves?
What is this Hibiscus-like flower?
What "gotchas" should I avoid when building a raised garden?
Should there be a bottom on a raised flower bed?
How should I fill and reseed shallow depressions in my lawn?
Flies around arborvitae and yews
How can I revive a Meyer Lemon Tree with no leaves?
Why did these plants dry/burn?
Please help identify a type of chestnut tree
What plant is this leaf I found in my rocket salad from?
Reduce water in saturated backyard
How should I remove long grasses/roots to prepare a fresh bed?
How to cover a backyard with mulch?
Why isn't my lemon tree bearing fruit?
Crepe Myrtle and Pink Magnolia Trunk Question
How should I transplant tulips which are almost blooming?
What are these insects called and how do I get rid of them?
What is this white fibrous thing showing on top of moist soil?
White map-like tomato leaves (hydroponic) manifesting
What is this grey-leaved plant, low shrub good for dry conditions?
Is rice water good for a hyacinth plant?
Average seed to fruit length of apache chili pepper
What is wrong with this tomato plant with yellow and black spotted leaves? [picture]
What is the radius of a red wriggler earthworm for worm tubes?
Identify plant and things on it (Possible Scale)
How to reseed grass after killing weeds?
What kind of bug is this and is it harmful?
Is this a grass or weed?
Deer trimmed my arborvitae for me!
How do I propagate sunflowers?
Aloe plant is browning and the leaves are thinning
Can anyone assist in identifying this large leaved plant with small blue flowers?
Are these insect eggs from Rosy Apple Aphids?
Advice for a new planting bed
Is this "Tall Grass" dead? Should I clear it out to make room for new growth?
Questions About a Sycamore Maple
What is the heat tolerance of English Lavender?
What is this horizontally growing weed with blue flowers?
Is there a danger to combining multiple fruit tree sprays in one sprayer?
Can I add lime at the same time when I spray Roundup?
Is late April too late to plant herbs from seed in the US Pacific Northwest?
Full-spectrum fluorescent light on hot pepper seedlings
Dieffenbachia camilla too large pot: back to smaller pot?
Is there a special hose to tap connector that doesn't splash?
Will repotting a cactus after flowering affect the fruit?
What is this red stalk plant?
What's the valid term for a “base” for plants?
How do I get grass to grow in what looks like pure sand?
What is this Eastern African plant with alternate cordate leaves?
How should I use one courgette plant for both consumption and seeds?
When to pot on courgette seedling?
How can I build a garden enclosure on a budget?
Why is my indoor lime tree growing fruit without pollination?
Blueberry spacing in a raised bed - how dense can I go?
Why would a walnut tree lose all its leaves in ten minutes?
Plant potting mix has green balls
What is the name of this flower (saw this in Spain) which smells amazing?
Will solar lights around my vegetables and flowers be bad for them?
How can I revive a wilted Mexican feather grass?
What could have dug holes in my corn garden?
Why would my basil leaves have a sharp, unpleasant smell?
My indoor lemon tree is an offshoot. What should I do?
What is this plant and how do I care for it?
Have I carefully nurtured a blade of grass?
Peony and Ant Symbiotic Relationship?
What is this yellow flowering mounded plant?
What is this shrub-looking plant with large pink flowers?
What is this green, leafy, plant found in Austin Texas called?
What is this climbing plant with three-lobed leaves and furled petals?
Are snails on spider plant a problem and how to get rid of them.
How can I tell when a cutting has developed roots?
Why are my rose flowers getting dry?
How should I trim back a neighbor's Japanese red maple bush?
Why isn't my periwinkle flowering?
What can I do with a broken orchid stem?
How can I help a rhododendron with yellowing leaves and a dead section?
How much of the peach pit must be broken for successful germination?
How can I discourage my chives from flowering?
How do I get rid of phragmites in my lawn?
Transplanting vegetables that don't yet have a good root base
Separating plants with entwined roots
Pink Anthurium in apartment - leaves turning brown and dying
Saving a Tree With Frost Damage
What should I do with hot pepper seedlings which are less than an inch apart?
I think I planted seeds too deep in Jiffy7 peat pellets - How do I fix this?
Ants, birds or another insect eating the fruit?
My lawn has many kinds of grass, with no Bermuda. How can I get a consistent look?
Did my Dogwood die because it was planted with wire around the roots?
All our garden plants appear to be dying
Will black knot fungus harbor in the roots of a recently cut down tree and infect another tree planted in its place?
Dead Dogwood post-mortem: How to ensure these next plants do better in clay
Are all these weeds?
How should I fertilize to increase the Nitrogen in my soil?
What climbing plant can I grow on my balcony that's not poisonous to cats?
Hot pepper hybrids: are the seeds of the same fruit the same?
Why are my jalapeno seedlings turning yellow?
What plants grow in my bathroom? ☣
Shade tolerant plants that including ones that will cascade
What is wrong with my apple trees?
Small black/gray bugs proliferating in vegetable garden
Should I leave early rootstock budding in place?
Flowers are growing on the inner branches only
Can Psorosis spread via the soil?
How many chamomile seeds should I plant?
Why do tomato plants in stores still have healthy looking cotyledons?
How do I feed shrubs sitting in mulch?
Why do we have yellowing watermelon leaves?
Could the roots from an apple tree 10m away from my house be causing structural problems?
What is this bulb with pink single flowers and glossy strap-like leaves?
How close can dyed mulch be to a vegetable garden raised bed?
Something destroying my flower garden and potted plants
Whats the next step to improving my schefflera?
How to deal with very packed Spathiphyllum roots when repotting?
What is this cactus and how should I take care for it?
Can I legally plant all seeds of store bought apples labeled Red Delicious?
What is this leaf vegetable with thin pale green stalks and mid-green leaves?
What's a better solution than manual/gasoline corn and bean seeder?
What is the effect of intense sunshine on vegetable plants?
Can you grow Baby's Breath very close to each other?
Avocado... help my girl go down the right path!
What are some good organic repellents to keep squirrels away from fruit on trees?
Vitals for Bishop's Crown
Pepper tree suffering, leaves drying out at the tops, apparently from cold and wind
What to do with 2nd season beetroot?
Can I grow a Bird of Paradise in Bangladesh?
Using post-baby-bath balneum water for my plants
Are glass containers suitable for "air plants"?
My mint is dying out?
Is it possible to save a lawn completely overrun with weeds? If so, how?
How do I roto-till without leaving a trench?
What is this low growing plant with pink flowers?
Can I place a soursop plant in the ground in a 20 gallon (91 liter) pot?
What are the absolute most water-thirsty plants?
Where would you buy earthworms?
My Lawn has a Hard Spot where Grass doesn't Grow
My large pine tree is indenting at the bottom of the trunk
What is this tall stalked plant with fern-like leaves?
How to rid my grape vines of Grapeleaf Skeletonizer
What has caused my Bleeding Hearts to multiply and spread?
How can I reuse soil that mixed with crushed stone? (overall moderate content of crushed stone and brownish color)
Holes in hardy kiwi leaves
Will I get lemons from a tree grown from a lemon seed?
Can I use Castor Tree (Ricinus Communis) wood as firewood?
What is this plant with strap-like leaves and a yellow-orange spear shaped flower bud?
What is the name of the flower in the picture?
What is the minimum amount of space needed to grow a poppy?
Epsom salts to container potting mixture
flower suggestion for outside the window
What is this white discoloration on my lemon tree dirt (picture)?
Transplanting an oak that has rooted through bottom of a pot
Roots growing out the top of plant, last attempt?
Will my avocado plant grow after the top has broken off?
Does having pebbles around the base of my Jade plant cause problems?
Are Scaffolding Nets are good options to put on my Trees to protect them from Birds and Squirrels?
Vegetable garden plant identification: white tuber, tall leafy growth
Can I fertilize solely through fertigation?
Will pre-germinating grass seed produce a green lawn in less time than just seeding and watering properly?
What is causing yellow leaves on my Morning Glory?
Could a compost bin with only green materials explode?
What are these weed seedlings with round cotyledons?
Which one of these is broccoli?
Affect on Netting on Fruit trees that have Flowers and Bees
How to reopen a raised bed
How should I care for a bonsai Bouganvillea?
Can you help me identify this pear-shaped fruit?
Can I propagate a Jasminum sambac from an already growing plant?
How should I prune a copper beech sapling?
Name the plant please
Ash (fraxinus excelsior) bonsai tree
Should I use soil-less technology for growing my veggies?
What happens when tomato seedlings are overwatered?
Is "Days to Harvest" measured from planting date or sprouting date?
How can I compost oak leaves and sawdust?
Is this an Ailanthus tree ("tree of heaven")
Underbed for raised garden
Can I grow tomatoes in a warm climate that experiences monsoons?
Does a floating row cover prevent wilt diseases on cantaloupes?
Does the (Malus) Prairie Fire Crabapple require cross pollination?
Why are the leaves curling on my snowball bush?
What is this tall, vigorous weed?
How can we improve the soil to plant a garden where a shed once stood?
Why do my passion fruit flowers lack pollen?
How should I increase the amount of water coming from my irrigation system?
What hole spacing for a pvc watering system?
Resuscitate wilting peace lily
Aloe plant is yellowing slightly at the tips
Exceeding a Pond Filter's Flow Rate?
What is this red shrub in my garden?
Is this a tiny Bloodgood maple sapling? How should I care for it?
Life-support for plants: How can I re-grow my plants from half-dry stems
removing Italian cypress
What is causing brown spots on my mint plant?
How long and how often should I water my west Texas front yard?
How far do potatoes really need to be from tomatoes to prevent disease/blight?
How do I get rid of Snails, Slugs, and Earwigs
What is this fungus that looks like a brain coral?
Why didn't my Meyer Lemon tree produce fruit after it blossomed?
What fruit/nut/berry grows in mottled sunlight on a climbing structure?
What is this shrub with clumps of small white flowers?
Is Mike McGrath correct when he says vegetable scraps shouldn't be added to compost?
Can I plant the Lychee plant from the Fruit Seed ?
How to know which Seeds require Pollination Partners ?
What is this plant with purple flowers in my garden?
What is this plant I was told to be a sort of Mentha?
How can I straighten this crooked tree?
Why did my onion heads turn brown after planting?
What's the name of this small plant with six-lobed umbrella-like leaves?
What is this bush with five-petalled white flowers?
How many strawberry plants can you plant in a 10" hanging basket?
Should I trim dead shoots from a Croton grown as a houseplant?
Should I keep tulip bulbs that didn't flower this year, or replace them with new?
What kind of caterpillar is this?
Corkscrew Willow Bark Peeling and Bugs
What bamboo is best for outdoor pots?
Is there an irrigation trencher that can create sloped trenches?
How to install irrigation for an unstructured garden
Foamy liquid on plant's stems with green larvae or bug inside - pest or no problem
Are Daminix tick tubes locally effective in controlling ticks?
Should my Gaillardia be emerging by now, in Zone 6?
What is a suitable age for Good Teak tree?
What do I need to do to turn a branch into a tree?
Is this bush dying?
Can a black pine be dug in late May during candle growth?
When should I transplant tomato seedlings to a home-made upside down planter?
irrigation setup for a newly planted 15 foot cherry tree and 15 foot river birch
How do I turn a plastic stock tank into a vermicomposter?
Why did my young cucumbers turn yellow and fall off?
What is the white, powdery, substance on my hibiscus?
Black spots, curling leaves on potatoes, help identify problem
Need Help Identifying Mystery Berry
Is it okay to line the top of a container with plastic to hold water inside?
What are these dark green, leafy, vegetable plants?
Can I use lawn clippings to mulch my vegetable garden?
Will my Black Bamboo survive winter outside, zone 6
Why do the leaves on my black fig tree have white patches?
How to trim a Bleeding Heart?
My basil stems are cracking and turning brown
White fuzzy weed ID
Can I save this tree?
What is this plant producing blacks seeds in a calyx like a Physalis but isn't one?
Plant identification?
What is causing white spots and wilting on my Black Naga leaves?
Installing a DIY drip system
Can someone identify this?
What is this houseplant with white-speckled red and green leaves?
A good trailing plant to hid a used, but ugly table
What's the best tool to remove weeds?
How to handle insects in standing water
Why are my apricots falling off the tree?
Using Sunflowers as living bean poles
What are some of the best fast-growing trees for both shade and fruit/nuts?
Which gloves to avoid getting hurt by thorns
What is this bush with five-petaled pink flowers?
What is a good solution for shredding small stems and leaves?
Why did my orchid change colors from purple to white?
How can I remove stagnant water stuck under a houseplant?
Should I pinch out the flowers on my potato plants?
Hapless rose bush diagnosis
What are these little white bugs on my eggplant?
Why does my recently transplanted avocado still have droopy, discolored leaves?
Is this a weed, coming up right next to my vine, and if so what is it?
How to prevent fungus on soil in self watering pots?
What is this white stuff growing on this cacao tree's new leaves?
Will my basil plant regrow without leaves?
Has anyone made a DIY Shepherd's Hook?
How do I cultivate mushrooms in a home environment?
What is a good aggressive groundcover for high elevation mountain west?
Pollinating C.pubescens (rocoto) peppers
What flowers require a period of time after blooming before pruning the leaves?
How should I flatten my uneven back yard in Toronto?
What should I do to prevent my kiwi leaves losing their color?
What is causing yellow spots on my cucumber seedling's leaves?
What are these shallow markings on my chili leaves?
What are these beetles/spiders on my Sambuca plant?
What kind of plant/shrub is this?
How do I propagate onions from an onion bulb?
Which species is this flower seedling?
What has caused this strange growth on my euonymus?
How to establish a chili variety
Is this large-leaved perennial a weed?
Can I grow a new crop of lettuce by saving and planting the whole unopened flower?
What's wrong with my Austrian pine and how can I fix it?
Did I pick the black mondo grass seeds too early?
Why are the leaves on my Peace Lily turning yellow and brown?
Bare, old wood spots on cedar hedge
Can herbs steal each others flavor?
What is this plant with large broad serrated leaves?
Highest branch thickness for a hedge trimmer
Why do my radishes have voids in them?
Money plant leaves are too big ~6"
Is early June too late to transplant Rhubarb in USDA Zone 5?
What's the name of this flower with red colored leaf?
My new allotment plot is covered in horsetail
Do tomatoes really need support to grow?
Why aren't my roses and fruit trees blooming as much as they did last year?
Why are my radishes malformed?
Should I kill off one of the plants from a polyembryonic citrus seed to let the other grow?
Hose Reel Problems
Can a jade plant agitate allergies?
What are these trailing plants with yellow or red flowers and gray leaves called?
Is this a grass or weed or what type of grass?
Plant Identification: Allium Species
What are these pests that are eating my pomegranate roots, and how can I control them?
Will Lilac do well in soil with a high concentration of clay?
What sustainable and affordable way is there to control rose chafer beetles?
How can I get more foliage and flowers on my rose?
equisetum and soil pH
Plants that can be carried around?
What causes holes through forsythia branches?
RE: Missouri Clay - how well will day lilies (Hemerocallis fulva) grow in this mixture of soil?
Why aren't my young plants growing, even with proper nutrition?
What should I do with a watermelon plant that has flowered much too early?
What is causing brown spots on my Philodendron?
What type of hose connector will fit my kitchen tap?
Breaking up soil in a bed which grew strawberries
Identify this upright branching weed with long leaves and reddish stems
What's a good recipe for a grass seed, soil and fertilizer mixture?
Can electromagnetic fields from high tension wires affect a garden?
To prune or not to prune tomato's lower leaves?
Early action needed for whiteflies and aphids?
Red Venus Fly Trap Seedlings
Composting: what is the ratio of volume of material in to compost out?
What is this gray-green plant with magenta flowers?
When do whiteflies typically emerge?
What is this plant with long narrow leaflets?
Recommended Gardening books for Toddlers?
For a new lawn, are mixed soils worth it?
Controlling curly top disease in sugar beets
Can anyone help me identify this plant?
Are these eggs on this Sugarcane Jujube leaf?
What comes out of this bump in this vegetable?
Landlady prohibits removal of gravel, is it possible to grow grass on top?
Should I prune the growth at bottom of a Swedish Columnar Aspen?
Why is my lemon tree dying?
What is this insect, which is drilling holes into my rose bush?
Is my mint plant dying or diseased?
What is this tiny plant with yellow orchid-like flowers?
Rose bush diseased or natural (new growth or rose rosette?)
How many tomato plants can I put in a 4 ft. x4 ft. raised bed?
What are the small plants growing in the soil with my palm tree?
How to make garden flat and level
Composting: what is the ideal proportion of 'green' to 'brown' material?
Succulent withering/rotting at the base
Is the end of June too late to harvest and plant seeds from a Hellebore in zone 6a?
Getting grass to grow on top of hill, shady area with possible concrete
What is the name of this plant and how do I propagate it via stem?
Will plants grow faster if I reorganize their roots within pots?
What is this fur on the outer leaves on my Peperomia angulata?
A "clone looking" tomato plant with no fruit
Why clean plant when repotting
How can I ensure my perennial herbs survive in an above ground planter (1.5' x 5') year round?
Why would we cut off leaves of strawberry plants once the harvest is done?
How long do tomatoes live for?
My red leaf corkscrew hazel is going green?
How to salvage a cactus plant that is half dead
Pros and Cons of wood vs stone mulch
What's this plant that produces fruits or vegetables and have green to black leafs?
What is this bush in my yard with many small green apples?
Will the roots of my Columnar Yew Tree damage a foundation that's only three feet away?
Getting rid of moles in the lawn?
When should I harvest balsam for balsam bags?
What is this common western Idaho spiny weed?
Can anyone identify this maple-type leafed plant?
Are these two weeds both lambsquarter?
Is this flea beetle damage on this hollyhock?
What Is The Best Way To Kill Grape Vines?
Can a big compost pile around its base kill my tree?
How to protect my apple tree from this disease?
How do you guys Ripen your Fruit Produce ?
Which field flower are these seeds from?
Flower stem planting
What is happening with my pothos?
What's causing small black dots and holes in the leaves of my potted vegetable plants?
What is this plant with two types of leaves and small pinkish-white flowers?
Why do my rosa chinensis flowers turn white as they age?
Why are my chilli plant's leaves turning upside down?
Getting rid of the bugs on the Lotus maculatus
Why would one of my Prairiefire crabapple trees seem stunted this year?
Diagnose Sugar Maple problem
How were estate lawns cared for prior to the popularization of synthetic fertilizers and pesticides?
White spots growing on small tree in UK garden
How to prune a Salix Integra recovering from scale infestation
Will my Frangipani Plumeria (Champa Flower) survive in water without adding soil?
Identifying this white wildflower
How can I move large amounts of soil without a wheelbarrow?
Garden Grass/Lawn Mould Identification
Should I pinch my first celosia blooms?
Tree growing back after being removed
Will a field system being dug near my Norway Spruce have any effect on it?
What is eating our Basil plants
How can I grow sunflowers that will produce seeds in the shells, for my pet bird?
Growing spurt branches of a plum tree
How to save roses - commercially potted gift ones with few roots?
Why isn't our Victoria Plum tree producing healthy fruit?
Is it ok to water plants at noon (peak sunlight)?
When should I transfer a pothos rooted in water to soil?
Can anyone identify this plant/weed that has a curled-over top with little white flowers?
What methods can be used to apply an antifungal to the interior of a tree?
what are these insects on my roses and how to kill them?
How often do mower blades need to be sharpened?
White fuzzy hairy stuff on plant leaves...ugh, what to do
Which Fertilizer should I use for Coriander?
What is causing dry, dark green spots on the leaves of my new basil plant?
How do I change the soil on already planted plants (not in pots)
What is this (fungus?) on my fruit trees, and should I treat it?
What is wrong with my tomato plants?
Measuring soil and compost for NPK
help! I broke my mango seedling's root
Are Geraniums truly effective against Japanese Beetles?
Accidentally pulled fruit spurs during harvest
Why isn't my hydrangea producing flowers?
How do I keep "cat grass" alive?
Cacao tree: leaves falling off, some discolored
Do tomatoes require pollinators to bear fruit?
How to verify that my organic landscaper isn't using synthetic fertilizers?
What Would Be A Good Shade Tree for Oakville, Ontario, Canada?
Why are these succulent leaves withering instead of rooting?
Caring for Edelweiss (suddenly started withering)
Orchid growing a second plant?
Is my limp Elephant Ear dead?
First time grower of Spinach - first harvest went well, now the plant is unweildly
What is this stinging plant with little hairs on the leaves?
Which flowers are there in this white/blue/purple wedding bouquet?
Which cultivar is this purple Cattleya Aliance orchid?
What is the value of powdered onion as a fertilizer or soil amendment?
How to keep pine trees small
The mint plant I found is too tall, how should I prune it?
Desert Ficus Watering Volume?
How to fix a small pond that has become stagnant?
Encouraging wisteria to grow quickly
Can I transplant young Rose of Sharon plants in July in Zone 6a?
Now what is the matter with my rose stems?
Is the size of a conifer tree's root system proportional to the size of the tree
Which tomatoes grow the best in high temperatures?
Why does my Red Acer plant look like it has twigs but no leaves?
Why is one fernbush thriving and one not?
What is causing damage to my summer squash and zucchini plants?
Watering container tomatoes while away
What might be eating my butter bibb lettuce plants?
My potting soil is being overrun by soil insects. How do I get rid of them?
Is this coriander or bolted parsley?
What's wrong with my tomato plant?
What is this tool found in a once used garden for?
Hydroponic growing media
Why and how are mushrooms growing in my indoor house plant soil?
What is this plant found on a lake shore in Maine?
How can you analyze if a land has good soil?
Should I remove hibiscus flower blossoms as soon as they wilt?
Why does this succulent/echeveria have brown leaves?
Should I be pruning my chilli plants during a Sydney winter?
Biological degeneration due to inbreeding among plants?
How deep should the soil be above a new retaining wall to allow shrubs to grow?
What is causing the brown-black spots on my apricots?
How can I save an insect-damaged Gardenia?
Raspberry leaf curl disease? Can this be treated or prevented?
Can anybody identify this plant that looks like a Salvia?
How to Get Rid of Aggressive Ground Bees
Designing a west facing London garden from scratch. Help!
How many air holes for 100gal vermicomposter?
How deep to start my vermicomposter and how many worms to start?
Can I use carnivorous plants to control cockroaches?
Getting rid of maggots in a compost vessel
Micro Drip Irrigation Backflow Filter (To Protect Pump)
What plant or weed is this?
What is the correct way to hold, orient and maneuver string trimmers?
Is this Fusarium Wilt or nutrient deficiency or something else?
What should I do about bare patches in my lawn after killing off Creeping Charlie?
What is causing curling and white, hairy growth on the leaves of my chili plants?
What is this leafy plant with thick stems and carrot-like leaves?
What is the best way to sprout extracted seeds from fresh Driscolls Maravilla raspberries?
What is this plant with red/green leaves and yellow flowers?
Recommendations for plants next to front walkway
Any plants that work as a racoon repellent?
What fungus is this?
Harvesting sunflower seeds and planting the same year
Is this wormwood and what can be done to stop their decline?
Harvesting tomato seeds and planting the same year
Can I still plant Gladiolus in Zone 6a in late July?
Is my aloe dead?
Stems are kept in moist environment but soil insects keep growing in there
How can I bonsai a pin oak?
What type of plant is this in the Arizona desert?
Pear trees, time from blossom to harvest?
Yellow leaves in hardy kiwi
Pruning and caring for heuchera / coral bells that have gotten too much sun?
What is this fragrant purple flower, found in California?
Should I prune the low branches on my Longan?
What is this white flower with stacked petals?
Is automatic drip irrigation possible without a timer?
What grass types would be good for contrasting lawns in Central Europe?
How high to earth fennel?
What is the Most Effective Ground Cover For a Large Area?
What is this tall, broad-leaved plant from Central NY?
Mass Earthworm Suicides on the Back Veranda
Given a diameter and species, how do I estimate a tree's size and age?
dying leaves on Japanese maple: water damage, drought, or disease?
Is this fig tree disease or just malnourished?
What is this plant with small red bell shaped flowers?
Is it time to thin these cilantro seedlings?
Staking a Weeping Willow
How to encourage weeping cherry to grow larger
Help me identify plant
Please help name plant
Why did my lime tree stop growing?
Spots & holes appearing on rocket leaves
What is this plant with yellow flowers on long stems?
How early can I plant tree seedlings outdoors?
How can I speed up decomposition of fruit pits and the like?
How to keep elm shoots away from raised bed garden
After replacing belt, LA125 blades are always engaged
Sea buckthorn: Propagating from cuttings
What kind of succulent is this?
What kind of barrier would I need to keep beach grass from running into a lawn?
Advice on growing clematis armandii
Indoor small tea plant and Vinca care
What is this white stuff on my lime tree and should I be concerned?
Clematis, best advice on watering and growing techniques?
What's the best way to germinate blackberry seeds?
Taking care of a peach? tree
What's the name of this lovely plant?
What's the difference between each fertilizer grade?
What's the name of this plant with white-violet flowers?
How can I remove the orange stains left by grass weed and feed?
How to make concrete blocks secure in raised bed garden
Do different varieties of a given crop require different types of soil?
Safe to use ABS for plant enclosure?
What is the best way to remove a lot of dead cat grass leaves?
Is a zucchini that had a maggot under the flower still safe to eat?
What should I do to prevent citrus trees from "burned" branches?
Getting rid of a flame vine
Can someone tell me the name of this flower please
How do I keep egg shells from smelling while waiting to add them to composting soil?
What Other Type Berries are growing with my Blackberries?
Help me kill this grass
What tree do these little white flowers grow on?
Could someone identify this plant?
Potted Plants In fall
Does soil need to be acidic for carnivorous plaints (droserae)
My yard is being taken over by crabgrass. How do I get rid of it?
How to save tree harmed by urine?
Identify hard brown "grass" in my yard
Spearmint Yield
Basil: Main stem keeps growing back after first pruning
How do you use potassium bicarbonate to control powdery mildew?
Why did a section of leaves on my Holly bush turn brown?
What's going on with my bay leaf? Burnt looking leaves?
Can anyone identify this drupe fruit & seed?
Small brown scales on my lemon tree
What is this plant with purple cherry-shaped fruit?
What are these bulbs and how do I get rid of them?
Tomato pruning vs fruit products
Why are my Vinca and other potted plants wilting, despite following care instructions?
Garden tree seems "sick"
What is the safest weed killer to use around a toddler?
How can I stop my Ficus from dropping small pea-sized fruit?
Why doesn't my turf grow against the exterior wall?
Soil wetting compounds: are they effective?
Aerating with a garden fork: is it making the problem worse?
How to make Landscape Architecture design sketch like this?
What is this plant with dark leaves and a red flower?
Cutting height of Cedar Hedges
How much calcium nitrate should I add to 32 fl. oz. of water?
How can I convert a mulched bed to dirt, and should I?
Will foliar sprays affect bioavailability of nutrients in soil and vice versa?
New backyard grass
What's this? Vine with heart-shaped foliage and green-to-black fruit (Identified: Creeping Cucumber)
Why are my tomatoes cracking and what can I do?
Diseased roses: salvagable, or a danger to my other plants?
Cucumber leaves turning white, dying, with yellowish powder
What kind of tree is this?
What are the black spots on my paw paws and how do I treat them?
Filling gaps between alliums
What trees, shrubs or vines are most suited for pleaching?
Jubilee blueberry's leaves are browning
How can I stop an urban fox from using my garden as its toilet?
Would a rooting compound or hormone speed-up the rate at which sod roots in or improve the quality fo those roots?
When should peaches be picked?
Why isn't this vine blooming any more?
Edible plants for very shady indoor location
How do I dry Hydrangeas to preserve as much color as possible?
Is this a small Giant Hogweed plant?
How and when to replant/move plants?
What is this bean-like plant in a forest on Vancouver Island, British Columbia?
What's causing these small black spots on my basil plant?
What are those black spots on my apples?
Is 'fertilizer' considered FOOD for plants?
Deep watering: How much water are we talking?
What is the name of this low-growing plant with pink flowers?
What species is this large clump of lawn grass?
How can I use rockwool for indoor gardening?
Heavy sap weeping at base of stone fruit tree
Why are my Meyer lemon's leaves yellowing and falling off?
Do Golden Pothos need a day/night cycle?
What is this tree from Thailand with medicinal properties?
Connecticut woodland plant with sticky seeds and stems
Something is killing my snakegourd plants
Coleus - annual or 'tender' perennial?
Can I use swimming pool water to water plants and vegetables?
Can someone help me identify this type of fennel / aniseed?
Does anyone have some references on using metal halide lamps in a greenhouse?
Why are my raspberries' leaves turning brown?
How long before hydroseeds are dead/dried out?
Why is it so hard to find pure perennial ryegrass turf seed in Australia?
How should I tame my overgrown Phalenopsis?
What is this plant with pink tubular flowers?
What are these plants collected from the atacama desert in Chile?
Can you please identify this tree?
Please identify this LivingTrends plant with a pink flower spike
What is causing the collapsing branches on my Aloe barberae (Aloe bainesii)?
Worms in Hinklehatz peppers
What is this bulb with pink and white globular flowers?
Moisture sensors in connection with drip irrigation
Can grass live upside down?
How to collect your own grass plugs?
Advice on potted heathers please!
Identification of a plant: Green Leaves with Red Streaks
How do lots of trees affect the soil pH?
What causes sandy, flecked, or speckled leaves like this?
Vines / Crawling Plants that minimize damage to buildings/walls
Why has my kiwi office plant developed red leaves?
Why would two batches of Top Crop Bush Bean (green beans) seeds be different
Does mold on a seed always mean the death of that seed?
How to save this blue cactus?
Why is my gardenia covered with flies, ants, and other insects?
Rusty metal vase, can I use it for vegetables?
Reputable source of learning greenhouse practices, specifically for microgreens?
Identify this houseplant with large green split lobed leaves
What kind of shrub with long green spiky leaves is this?
How often should I water my lawn in Georgetown, Massachusetts
Are these mushrooms dangerous to my scallions?
When to prune roses?
Can someone please identify this plant?
How does one build a bluestone paver patio with grass between the stones?
Caladium plant leaves turn yellow
How do (consumer) soil moisture sensors work?
I need help identifying this bonsai tree
Is stratification necessary for aquilegia seeds?
Concerned about wintering a potted banana tree
How to prune lavender?
How to preserve dried herbs from fungus/bacteria or even insect attack?
Will a homemade insecticide affect the taste of herbs or other edible plants?
Different fertilizer ratios suggested for golf courses and home lawns?
Growing Potatoes in small space
Square meter gardening Soil Mix
Giving my palm tree a second life
How should Cleome seeds be sown in the Northeast?
Is this a Morus alba seedling?
What is the most effective way to eradicate burdock, curly dock and mugwort from a field?
Should I prune my okra plants?
When to overseed after putting down weed killer
What is this plant growing beside my house?
Replacement for an F15T8NDL 18" lightbulb
What grows/flowers like trumpet vine, but isn't?
Is there an ultrasonic mist maker that can create water droplet with diameter 50 microns for aeroponic purposes?
Should I prune fungus-infected vegetable plants or destroy them?
Can a 8ft fig tree be moved?
Can a healthy pecan tree grow from the root of one which was cut down?
Can I use silicone latex to plug hole in a tree?
What is the difference between a Red Japanese Maple and a 'Bloodgood' Japanese Maple?
Cyclamen hederifolium tubers - which side goes up and which down?
My carrots that I dig from my garden are soft
Why is my cactus drooping?
Identifying types of mints in my garden
What is this weed and which herbicide will kill it?
What is this big plant
Unlucky with maples every single time I plant them
One quarter of the roots of a 50' tall white pine were cut off. Can I save it?
Lucky Bamboo turning yellow starting from the bottom
What can I do to make a Dwarf Cavendish banana plant thrive in my apartment?
Why is my leaf changing light green on one side?
Can I lay new turf on an existing lawn?
No spark on a Craftsman line trimmer
How to effectively remove wood chips from the garden?
Will rhubarb grow well with ginger in MN?
What is causing the curling and brown spot on my Philodendron Congo Green?
Why is my snake plants' leaf fading in color?
Peace lily flowers are turning black
Why do my Chilli plants have curling leaves, falling flowers, and ants?
Which spiders should I allow in my garden?
What are some good pet-safe pollinator-attracting vines?
Is this a cactus?
What type of plant is this and is it a houseplant?
Pruning Dogwood, Lavender and Spirea
How do coffee grounds benefit potted plumeria?
Transplanting and dissecting clump grass
How to prevent insects coming to a water-puddle
What is this vegetable in my garden?
Dwarf Apple tree in heavy clay
Regrow beans from the garden
Solution for rose slugs?
What Should I Do With My Soil?
What kind of plant do I have?
Plants Fungus Infection
Why has my prickly pear cactus gone limp?
What is this plant with leaves over a foot long, in Pennsylvania?
Best time to plant red potatoes
Will pruning dead shoots off an arborvitae cause re-growth?
How should a reel mower be cleaned after mowing?
Can reel mowers be used to cut wet grass?
Tropical Plants Fruiting in Temperate Climates
What is this large leaf by a river in Pennsylvania?
Why is the foliage turning yellow on this climbing indoor vine?
How to Get Rid of white grubs?
Can I plant my maple seedling in the fall months?
Keeping basil fresh as long as possible....should I remove the plastic?
What is this weed?
What is this plant with large leaves that have a white substance on them?
What is this small plant with large dark green leaves, and how do I care for it?
What is this wildflower with 4 petals, white with purple spots?
The leaves of my persimmon tree are turning brown
How to prune 2 year old dwarf apple tree
Why are my calaloo leaves turning red, and are they still safe?
What is this white stuff under the leaves of my fruit trees and how do I get rid of it?
Why are chunks of my Sedum Spectabile snapping off at the stem bases?
Can I mix cow & chicken manure?
Should trees be staked when they are planted?
Why are some clippings of this plant apparently pure green and others mottled with yellow?
How do I remove sticky palm sap from the household fixtures around it?
When is the best time of year to transplant Roses of Sharon shrubs?
Why is my lucky bamboo turning yellow?
Are there plants that add acid to soil naturally?
Is this plant (Radermachera ) sick? Leaves turning yellow and spotty
Over wintering late planted fennel
Identifying brown spots with Jade and lemon tree
Upper limit on light intensity?
How do I remove a tube from a compression coupler?
How can I reduce the pressure and flow to only part of an irrigation system?
How do I prepare rocky soil for planting an avocado tree?
Is there a practical difference between HDPE and LDPE irrigation tubing?
Can anyone identify this infection with my Mango Tree?
Soil Depth for Bougainvillea
What happened to my airplant, can it be revived?
How to fix a broken limb
Strange brown/dead spots on leaves?
Vegetable Garden Spring Weed Control Strategies
Can I use ladybugs on herbs while treating trees in the same garden with imidacloprid?
Do all Katsura trees (Cercidiphyllum japonicum) have seeds/pods?
Can I correct a bad lean in my new 15' willow tree?
How late into fall is perennial transplanting viable?
Why are my chives turning brown on the tips of their leaves?
What potting mixes do you use?
Deck Planning / Building
What is this columnar evergreen tree with yellow-green foliage?
What soil mixture should I use for my office Schefflera?
What's a good low-maintenance poolside lawn choice in Zone 8?
How much water should I give to a 20 foot Italian Cypress tree?
Organic or Traditional lawn fertilizer: which is safer for areas with young children?
Help determine lighting requirements for wintering small plants indoors
How to keep seedlings fresh?
How should I remove a patch of the wrong type of grass from my lawn?
What is this tall tree growing in London?
Ways to salvage a tomato plant in winter
Are there seed pods growing on my Ficus benjamina?
Do different cultivars of a species have different growing conditions?
Can rubber gloves spread plant diseases?
What is this hanging succulent plant?
What is this strange looking tree with hairy-type growths near the leaves?
How do I perk up a Gray Oak I just planted whose leaves are turning yellow and brown?
Help me identify and save this plant
Please help me identify this bulbous plant with long, broad leaves and white flowers
How much seasonal, internal die-off of Arborvitae is natural and expected?
What should I do about a dead lawn and weeds in California?
What are these curly mushroom-like growths in my mulch?
What is this low-growing weed with purple flowers in Australia?
Spraying Poison Ivy in the Fall
What is this large tree with many suckers growing from the trunk?
Help identifying small urban tree
How do you build an 8' high retaining wall out of mafia blocks?
What is the largest polyculture farm?
How much water is needed for wheat until germination?
First sweet potato crop -- Now what?
Overwintering pepper plants
Can I save any of this orange harvest? (probably under-watered tree)
What are those orange things growing on my soil?
Trying to save orange tree -- pruning and general questions
Can you save seeds from Zolushka potatoes grown from true potato seed (TTS)?
How should I take care of a lemon plant in a container?
Can indoor mint grow all-year round?
Will a Cedar tree survive if a portion of bark is missing?
What type of tree is this?
Identification of many succulents
What is this purple flower growing in Malaysia?
What are these nodules growing on my miniature lilac?
How can I tell who's responsible for the death of new sod laid in July?
Which fruit is this seedling from?
Can anyone identify this plant that is growing in my yard?
Dividing Montauk Daisies
How often can I mow when starting with a 6" high grass and want to get down to 2"
A list of obtainable plants that need very little light?
Who/what is eating my mint?
What is causing irregular brown sunken spots on my tomatoes?
What tree does this nut come from? Is it a walnut?
How can I save deer ferns after a drought?
Can flowers change colour after forming?
What tree does this leaf belong to?
How can I get rid of these bugs on my African violets?
How should I deal with these ill pepper plants?
Mixing Alcohol Solution for Paperwhites to Prevent Legginess
How do I save this jade plant?
Squash plant wilting bottom up?
Snake eating tomato plant leafs?
When is the best time to harvest my persimmons?
What should I do to keep my peppermint plant alive?
Why are the leaves of my ginger plant turning brown?
Keep plants alive and healthy, but at a reasonable size?
Who is eating my basil?
Why are the leaves on my capsicum plant curling and turning brown?
What is the ideal Daylight Time for Herbs, Tomatoes and Peppers?
How to set up a very long (1600 ft) drip irrigation system?
What is this tall houseplant with thin, gold-speckled leaves?
What is this plant with many purple blossoms in autumn?
What should I do about this sagging mandarin tree?
What do I do with my avocado plant during arctic winter?
What is this blue/violet flower?
Are Ornamental chilies safe to eat?
What is this 'bleeding' mushroom?
Is this aloe vera root rot?
Is my calculation of 1x Cubic meter of Top Soil correct?
What is the white stuff on this cactus-type plant?
How do I keep house flies away from flowers without harming bees?
What kinds of grape vines will grow in northeastern Turkey's cold climate?
What is this round neon-green fruit with a bumpy surface?
What is this extremely large brown fungus with white edges?
How can I get rid of these small white pests in my peace lily pot?
What is this plant with no leaves and thin dividing green stem?
What kind of plant is this leaf from?
How to grow pomegranate from cuttings?
What should I do (if anything) to winterize my small vegetable garden (Buffalo, NY, USA)?
Best approach to clean a pond that has been unloved for a long time
My lemon tree is having major problems
Why are the edges of my cucumber leaves drying out?
Easy trees from common fruit/vegetable seeds
Kaffir Lime from seeds
How can I get my Melampodium "Million Gold" to flower?
Salting tennis lawns
What's the best way to care for a venus fly trap?
What is causing dark spots on my tomato leaves?
How much water do these hydroponic office plants need?
Why are my tomato plant seedlings dying?
Is there a difference in harvesting beans for food or seed?
Are there climbing vines that don't damage stucco?
How to grow an olive tree?
What should I do with perennials in pots over the winter?
What areas in the USA have many cool days with little sun and no frost?
Why did our frost only affect random plants?
How to prepare herbs for winter?
How should I trim my tomato plants?
Uses for grapevine branches?
What are these orange spots on my fiddle fig plant?
How to avoid fungus in a rainy season?
Are unmulched leaves any good for my tree?
Radicchio/Chicory from Seed
UPDATE: Is there a tarragon lookalike OR can tarragon be flavorless?
How do I subdivide mature chrysanthemums?
How should I overwinter Kaffir Lime indoors?
Is my Marigold plant dying?
What's this submerged, lelly like plant that propagates sideways called or what are similar plants
Is it possible to get rid of 50 acres of weed (thistles)?
What is this pest attacking a fig tree?
What is causing curled and deformed capsicum and chilli leaves?
Is this the air-cleaning fern?
skunk deterrent using dish detergent
Just *how* hardy are leeks, kale and brussel sprouts?
needle-point size white spots all around the outer edge of Ficus leaves
Newly Planted Spring Bulbs Coming up in november
What is this plant with long leaves growing tough green stalks?
What is this small annual with narrow gray/green leaves and rust colored daisy-type flowers?
What is this plant with large bright green hairy seed pods and small flowers?
How can I kill English ivy?
Bonsai not shedding leaves in autumn
How to understand if my tree's roots are girdling
When Will Radicchio Leaves Change Colour
Potted poinciana leaves turning yellow
Is this plant that smells like mint actually a mint?
What is this giant prehistoric looking plant?
Cucumber leaves started getting yellow patches
How to save Lucky bamboo yellow stem due to overpruning HELP
Camouflaged worms on indoor plants
I have a bonsai tea tree and I'm concerned because it is dropping leaves and I'm not sure what to do
Good or bad fertiliser?
Caring for & maintaining thyme
What are these weeds & how can I prevent them?
Managing Bronze Orange Bugs on citrus trees
Is my bougainvillea turning into a magic beanstalk?
Identification and advice required for pretty but aggressive ground cover
How should I remove Bahiagrass from Blue Couch lawn? (Digitaria didactyla, crab grass)
Should I let Echinodorus Tenellus flower?
What is this red-flowered bulb with red fruits?
Brown leaves on avocado plant
What pesticide should I use with an Orange tree in Texas?
How can I manage a weeping willow with a broken branch?
Which insect is this?
Rose Canker and remedy
What gardening terms are common sources of confusion between different cultures or languages?
How do i keep my bamboo plant straight and healthy?
Can hydroponic/aeroponic produce be organic?
Why won't my citrus trees fruit?
Best practices on pruning and winter protection for climbing roses
Is it a ladybird?
Can a willow tree be shaped?
My hydroponic lettuce is mega bitter. Can I fix it?
Is this sunburn or something else?
What do globe amaranth seeds look like, and can I harvest them from dried flowers?
How should I cut an Aloe vera plant for extracting juice?
Can someone identify this weed?
How to remove woodchucks and rabbits from under my shed?
Wintering a banana tree? should it be like this?
What are these insects on my Arabian Jasmine plant & how can I eradicate them?
Methods for saving amaryllis bulb infected with narcissus bulb fly
Date palm just growing in height but not getting a trunk
How to Control Tomato Hornworms?
What plants are best for attracting butterflies to a small garden?
Christmas tree of unknown species
Why are my limes taking a long time to ripen?
Tea leaves for fertilizers
Can anyone identify this plant, possibly a salad leaf?
What are the easiest vegetables & fruits to grow in your apartment?
Why is my basil doing poorly after I split it a month ago?
Looking for a plant that resembles a giant woody dandelion
Is Dawn dish soap effective and safe to kill ants on my houseplants?
Is this mold? Should i move those plants out of my bedroom?
What to do with this palm tree?
How should I re-stack a dry stone wall?
What is this small tree found growing from a wall?
What is this tall potted plant with narrow leaves and braided bark at the base?
How can I grow seedlings from commercial apples?
What breed/variety of grapes can be easily grown in the Philippines?
What is this tan-coloured cup-shaped mushroom found in northwestern UK?
How to make strawberries bear fruits?
Is it OK to plant flowering plants near my herb garden?
How can I grow tomatoes in a pot?
What is purplish thing that looks like eggs or pests on my Magnolia champaca?
Are old green zucchini commonly orange inside?
Can I trim my canary palm trunk or is it a lost cause?
What plant looks like a Peace Lily but has no flowers?
Identification of tree with trilobate leaves
What is the white stuff on the compost?
What is the best time of the year to plant St. Augustine grass plugs?
Can't identify seed pods
Desert Fruit - What are good varieties to grow in the desert?
Phalenopsis orchid developing spots on buds
Soil for terrace garden
How can i find what my soil pH is and how does it affect the plants?
Compost with newspaper cuttings and orange peels
How can I identify the gender of Papaya seeds?
Is the fruit from this plum blossom tree edible?
What is this succulent with spined leaves with a triangular cross-section?
How can I differentiate between male and female Sonchafa trees?
What kind of grass can grow up in water
Should dead-looking sections be removed from bulbs before planting?
How to treat a Jade plant with yellow leaves and holes in its leaves?
Why are the leaves on my kiwiberry curling?
What's a nitrogen-fixing ground-cover that grows on very little rainfall?
What are the best conditions for Peperomia caperata?
What are the benefits of solarization?
What is causing this sedum's leaves to curl and etiolate?
Weed control matting and veg beds
Tulips are growing far too early
What's causing discoloration and spots on my Tomato and Bell Pepper plants?
Basic lawn profiling
What vine grows purple grapes which taste like lollipops?
How Can I Get More Flowers on My Trees?
How can I help this plant?
Why do people use peat pots?
Rose doubt - is this a fungus?
Which Indian/ Asian Bamboo species grow to 1.5"-2" inch diameter have thick segment wall & high lateral strength?
How to plant a hydroponic tree
Looking for plants to out-compete poison parsnip
What is this small houseplant with serrated, waxy-looking leaves?
Why is my Adenium obesum wilting?
Save my red currant bush from weeds?
Solar driven LEDs to offset electricity for mass growing in a basement
All my plants have problems with the leaves and im unable to identify the exact cause of the issue
How do I recover an avocado plant that shriveled while I was away for a week?
What's the best way to care for and prune young willow trees?
How to cure sticky citrus leaves?
How can I cure citrus leaves that have brown dots?
Identifing guests sprouting in potted plants
What flower will grow from this long narrow seed?
How to get started as a arborist
What is special in commercial off-the-shelf liquid nutricient mixtures?
Is it 'too late' for our christmas tree (picea abies I think) when the needles start falling off?
Is this soil appropriate to plant this succulent baby?
Is it safe to grow vegetables in a container made of stained wood pallets?
What is this black bug, how to control?
Can you please identify these trees?
How can I save these etiolated aloe crowns with under watered stems?
What is this tropical houseplant with alternate leaves?
Any reason not to add a spigot to the bottom of my rain barrel?
Help me identifying this bonsai plant
What is this "palm" looking houseplant and how do I take care of it?
How to know how much weight I need in a lawn roller?
What is this bug on my adenium plant and what should I do?
Spreading existing bamboo patch deliberately
Podocarpus leaves cannot tear seed shell
When to apply amendments to blueberries
What can I do to prevent mold in houseplants?
Is this powdery mildew on my tomato?
Keep conifers green in winter
Is it possible to graft miracle fruit to a rootstock that tolerates alkaline soil?
What are the main benefits and cons of using manure?
Can Oyster mushrooms grow on a Yucca tree?
What kind of houseplant is this?
I want to start a bonsai. I'm not sure where to begin
What is solarization?
Is rotten fish emulsion safe for plants?
What is a saprotrophic mushroom?
How often should I water an Amaryllis plant?
White/translucent-worms what to do?
Starting over pepper plants
Improving Maple growth?
Can I store pumpkin seeds that have gotten damp?
Why has my orange tree turned yellow and stopped bearing fruit?
How do I prevent holes in the leaves of my vegetable garden?
How Do I Rehabilitate my Norfolk Island Pine?
Help to identify this plant Please
Does anyone know what type of cactus this is?
Save my blueberry bush from weeds?
Why is my fern wilting and drying out?
How can I keep my persimmon tree warm?
What are some fast growing bonsai fruit trees in Delhi?
What type of palm tree is this, including its scientific name?
What would make my apple seedling wilt and looks like it's dying?
What are the most important environmental conditions that affect vegetable production?
What is the name of this brown, cracked, oval shaped seed?
Repairing a grass verge
How big a lemon tree can I grow indoors?
How many times do Fungus Gnats lay eggs?
Is this part of my bougainvillea or a weed?
Carpet for Tree mulch
What do you call the support post for a pothos?
Is there any reason not to mix warm and cool season native grasses?
Edible Desert Plant
Which method of growing food crops leads to the healthiest plant with the highest nutrient density?
Kentia palm dying. Advice? :(
Is this a weed, please help me identify this plant
Why are my strawberry leaves turning yellow?
What is the name of this onion like plant?
How can I organically make the soil potassium rich?
Permaculture and World Food Needs
What are these yellow spots on my potato leaves
Hydroponics Nutrients and Fertilizers, are they same?
Construction damage to tree
Is sunlight from my window enough to grow cherry tomato seedlings indoors?
Practical identification of suckers on a cumquat tree
Nepenthes "Lady Luck" Help
How to treat diseases and bugs on peach tree?
Dracaena reflexa or Pleomele?
How can I save a branch injured by wind stress?
How to use the nutrients in convolvulus sepium without further spreading the infestation?
What are the best practices for keeping trees healthy in a construction area?
Are CFL and Energy Saver bulbs same and used for growing plants?
Can I grow a bay tree (Laurus nobilis) indoors?
Corm and bulb please for god tell me something ?
how to grow gingko biloba young sapling at home
Has my Japanese Maple completely died?
What is this bonsai tree with serrated elliptic leaves and why has it lost all its leaves?
What is this African shrub with spikes of brilliant blue flowers?
What problems will result from overgrowth of cable eye bolts in silver maple and tulip trees?
What are some of the top producing tomato plants for use in sauces?
How can I tell when root vegetables are ripe?
Correlation between hotter peppers and further ripening
How can I determine if cactus seedlings are dead?
What is the name of this plant and how should I plant and care for it?
Watering Schedule: Large Jade Crosby
Do white butterfly decoys work against Pieris rapae?
What are good summer flowers for humid and hot conditions in northern India?
Capsicum potted plants
Size and growth of chilles (repotting needed?)
What variety of Hibiscus grows best in Northern Kentucky?
What is this plant with serrated leaves and small white/yellow flowers?
What is this hardy plant with purple flowers?
What is this white growth on my euphorbia stenoclada (spiky succulent)?
Can I use greens, such as grass, as a fertilizer for tomatoes?
Growing beneficial, edible plants in the woods
How and when should I prune my 5 in one dwarf apple tree, including the suckers?
Can I preserve plant pollen?
What is this red corn-like fruit?
How to develop fine roots in potted plants
Lemons? Limes? Oranges? These trees are wierd!
Do seeds from fresh tomatoes need to completely dry before they will sprout?
What's the fastest growing shade tree?
Mystery plant growing in yard? TX
Unidentified bright-green long-leaf plant? TX
What should I do about old invasive redwood roots after the trees are cut down?
Which Goji Berry species is for food?
How long does it take Lycium chinense to grow fruit (from seed)?
Why are the leaves on my houseplant turning yellow and getting black spots?
What are these long, mostly translucent worms in my potted trees?
How should I propagate a serpentina plant?
What is name of this plant?
Why are my aloe leaves turning white and brown?
What is this tree-like houseplant with long thin leaves? Is it sick?
Can I save an Aloe barberae tree with a split in the trunk?
What is this tree with round yellow fragrant smelling buds?
What is this plant growing in my backyard? I believe it's some kind of vegetable
What flowering houseplant can I grow in a ceramic container with no drainage holes?
Succulent identification
Are there "air purifier" plants that can grow/survive in cars?
What is 'Hardening Off'?
Why did my pansies die?
What are some of the fastest growing plant by mass?
Can I keep my Japanese Larch small by pruning?
What type of dirt to use for filling the backyard before preparing the vegetable beds?
What is a good stone fruit tree for northeast Indiana?
Why does my banana chili start to wilt and seem to die off when it reaches 500 mm high?
What are these spots under the leaves in my cut flowers?
What is this houseplant with dark green linear leaves?
How long should I wait after overseeding, before I apply pre-emergent weed preventer?
What vegetable seeds should be planted right now?
Timing to move indoor vegetable seedlings to 4" pots
Care for an indoor hyacinth after blooming
What is this (tropical?) plant called?
Tillandsia (air plants) Turning Black and Dying After Watering
What are these dark seeds?
Capsicum leaves are curling and deforming
What is this white crust forming on my cactus during the growing months?
Amending clay soil on a large scale
What is this plant growing all over my backyard?
Why is the base of the stem of my persimmon tree turning brown?
What are the easiest and fastest growing eatable plant you can grow in garden
Can I put scratch paper on my vermicompost?
Should I Prune Determinate Tomato Plants?
Does an Amaryllis plant *need* to go into dormancy?
How can I make a single cherry tree bear fruits?
Gathering worms for vermicomposting
Hugely different results storing apples from different trees?
Questions about soil block usage
Managing Cover Crops
What trees are compatible for grafting with cherry trees?
Right time to move vegetable plants outdoors
What is 'Allelopathy'?
Dracaena Fragrans Grafting?
Growing seeds outdoors
Variegated Arboricola shrubs leaves wilting
What causes very small black solid spots on strawberry leaves?
Growing hot peppers indoors on the West Coast
What's the best way to care for and feed my strawberry plants?
Is it safe to put animal manure on vermicompost?
My seedling looks stressed and the leaves are wilting.
How should I save an oak tree wounded by ground root removal?
How should I take care of a Hyacinth bulb growing in a vase of water?
Should I remove tomato plant leaves to Increase yield?
What is this small shrub with variegated glossy ovate leaves?
Does my mint plant have web blight?
Fragrant plants for nice smelling room?
Why does the tree trunk grow in diameter?
Dieffenbachia plant
What is causing this damage on my apple tree?
How to water a potless Tillandsia Cyanea?
What is this plant with long skinny leaves with red margins?
What are the foods that I can put in my vermicompost?
Plant recommendations for extremely small pots
Should I let brown snails in the garden?
How to level an area that was once a vegetable garden?
How to use banana peel as a fertilizer?
Brown spots on my Fiddle Fig plant
Realtime landscape plus design program, final ground height
What kind of dust can I use in my vermicompost?
What is the difference between male and female asparagus plants, and is it important for growing?
How long can celery grow from water alone?
Something is eating my vegetables - what is it?
Can I use 3 year-old bagged topsoil for a new garden?
What is this houseplant with narrow, pointed, waxy leaves?
Hearty Flowering Perennial for curbside appeal
Drainage in planter boxes
Composting Bin - Experiences
Why do my potted plants have stems but no branches?
Is my lucky bamboo dying and what can I do about it?
Newly planted pine tree saplings
How can I get rid of weeds in an overrun garden?
Damaged blueberry plants
What is this weed with ribbed stems and whorls of 1" to 2" long thin leaves?
Can carnivorous plants grow well indoors?
Flowring Plants that eliminates pollution or aids in cleansing of the room air?
Protecting young fruit trees from deer?
Tear in alocasia calodora
What is this flower with purple and white petals that roll up to form a tube?
Getting sand out of rockery
Should I save seeds from corn suckers?
How to prevent creation of mold while sprouting wheatgrass indoors?
How should I care for my multi-variety apple and pear trees?
How do I calculate residential fruit spray application rate for commercial spray?
What lawn care steps should I take?
New House, Dirt Yard, Ideas in Mind, where to begin?
What is this cone-shaped tree?
Does my very young Eureka lemon tree have leaf disease?
What is this thorny tree with small, oval leaves, and seed pods?
Please help me identify this tree with irregular leaves
Harvest garlic year round?
Why are my Japanese Yews (podocarpus) suddenly dying?
Is a screened in porch full sun or partial shade?
What is this thin-stemmed plant with narrow leaves in an aquaponics bed in my greenhouse?
Recommendations on fixing my lawn
Is it normal that african night crawlers are always on top of my compost bin?
Is powdery mildew spreading through my garden?
Is a 4x4x1ft raised bed too small for potatoes?
Will water prune roots with an air layering pot?
Rotating indoor plants outdoors for pollination, fresh air, etc. How often?
How should I propagate Ajuga
What is the name of this fragrant and edible plant?
Can I transplant a shade-growing lilac into a sunny spot?
What guidelines should I follow when planning out my garden?
Tulips have small leaves and do not flower
Do I plant miniature hot peppers whole or cut them open and plant just the seeds?
Unknown flowering tree, what is it?
Do I need to mix rice husk and clay soil?
Is this heavy blue-green growth on my tree trunk and branches a form of lichen?
What is this plant with arrowhead shaped leaves with black splotches?
Storing Garlic for Seed
Any reason not to make my own bark chips for orchids?
What is the ideal temperature for growth within an Aeroponic Garden?
What's the best way to deal with scale insects on Pieris Japonica?
Weeping willow not growing
What should I do with a top heavy Croton?
Is it beneficial to limit a Phalaenopsis orchid's bloom time?
How to Separate or Propagate Limonium Perezii aka: Statice?
Fig fruit fell off before ripe
Lawn options for wooded lot?
Spinkler System Layout
Should I be burning evergreen trimmings?
Should I prune the lower buds of my bare-root tree that's waking up?
Why is my Sago Palm (Cycas Revoluta) leaves yellowing?
What is the name of the French pioneer of organic/sustainable farming?
Do I need to turn over the soil when vermicomposting?
How can I make this succulent less splayed-out and lanky?
How do I prevent basal shoots from bay laurel (Laurus nobilis)?
Best power equipment to remove compacted gravel?
How to properly pick worms?
Giant Sequoia Bonsai
What is this houseplant with leaves that grow in a circular pattern?
How long do coffee seeds require to germinate?
Does the garlic clove need to grow pointed end up?
My courgette flower not blooming
What plant is this?
Why are my Dracaena marginata leaves getting brown spots and falling off?
Can you tell the age of a palm tree by its leaf scars?
How to maintain indoor Polyscias fruticosa
Can anyone identify this house plant - it has broad leaves and a rosette center? Dracena Family(?) but short trunk
Only top leaves left on Euphorbia pulcherrima
Aloe is drooping, is it ok?
Leeks, how long from flower to dry seed?
Magnolia grandiflora 'Little Gem' not flowering
Rollie pollies - are they harmful to vegetables?
Ground cover - maximizing value
Ideal mesh size for insect control
When is a good time to thin your seedlings?
What are those hydroponic beads called?
Finding solenoid box
What would be good for aquaponics containers to keep prices low, that can sit on the ground (not in the ground)?
Spot application of poison on seed head stalk
What should I do with these mushrooms in my yard?
Unhealthy plant with dark spots on leaves
How long to use mulch when establishing a tree?
What are the health concerns of burning with motor oil?
Filling low spot in yard
Banana transplant not looking too good...help? water? light?
What is a 4 season greenhouse wall/ceiling made of?
What's the best way to remove grass/topsoil to prepare for grading?
Direct sunlight measuring device?
Blueberry bushes leaves turned red and fell off
What's the most efficient method for burning cuttings?
Does my Sago Palm have root rot?
Is there an organic way to remove wild strawberries from a lawn?
Is there a difference between a birdhouse gourd and a calabash?
What is the best way to germinating seeds in compost?
Caring for my pomegranate tree
Why are the leaves of my basil yellowing and falling off?
Why does my lemon tree have multi-colored leaves and strange-looking fruit?
Do plum trees fruit if an offspring of another one?
Camellia losing its leaves
Can I use waste water from kitchen for plants?
How can I get rid of cutworms in my corn and pumpkin patches?
Growing Epipremnum aureum stem roots on potted plant
Do perennials need to be split?
How do I identify and control spider mites
When is the critical period for blossom end rot in zucchinis / courgettes?
How to control onion aphids in aquaponics?
What shrub is this?
Should I cut off the stems of my bolting pak choi?
What trees would be good along a boundary wall and avenue in India?
Is this crab apple branch doomed?
How can I prevent yellow and dead grass?
Weird growth on wisteria stem
Is this Jasmine doomed?
Help Identify this Pink Flowering Landscape Plant
Is Tradescantia zebrina (inchplant, wandering jew) an edible “crop” plant?
Can I add soil to strawberries, creating a raised bed?
Tips for first Serissa Bonsai
Is 1' x 8' cedar thick enough for raised beds
Can I grow a cherry tree from seed without stratification?
Is it beneficial to put plastic or landscaping fabric under mulch?
What's this cactus with large red and white spines?
Tips for planting out of the recommended zone
Disease / pest identification
Will grape ivy harm oak and sumac if allowed to spread?
Fertilizing multi-variety fruit trees
Growing Avocado in large Container
Should a Rudy Haag Burning Bush be pruned?
Lawn renovation
How should I treat overgrowth on tree line?
Easiest way to remove large amount of leaves from yard
Dead grass in lawn after winter
How can one prevent baby/recently sprouted plant disease?
What sort of pots are used in the pot-in-pot method?
Pine Bark vs Sphagnum Peat/Sand for Blueberries and Azaleas
Dying Lawn - brownish/white with moss and clumps
Concerned about slow growth of my seedlings
Is it best to wait for poison ivy to fully sprout leaves before spraying it?
Will garlic that sprouted on the shelf produce new cloves?
What is this tall spring plant with yellow flowers?
What's the best pot size for rose seeds germinated in the refrigerator?
How do I grow primitive plants in Water Gels?
What are these tall, tree-like shrubs and how often should I water them?
Help identify my bonsai tree
How to deal with water pooling on lawn
What should I consider when planting fruit trees in a windy field?
Christmas Cactus leaf discoloration
Raised bed on concrete that is sloping the wrong way and thus there will be a drainage problem
What is this potted plant with dark green leaves and clumps of red flowers?
Heathers in an East facing bed?
Do I need to remove some of these orchid leaves?
Can I get any fruit from this eggplant?
Transplant established bulbs in the spring?
Are these spider mites on my potato vine?
Life of steer manure
Is this the tomato potato psyllid?
For how much area should I amend the soil for a given plant?
Cloning currants shouldnt be this hard..?
What part of a blackberry bush do I plant to make a new bush
Hydroponic sensors are so expensive?
Are these brown areas on my dracaena leaves a disease?
Can someone please tell me the name of this Flower???
Can I shave exposed roots from a Silver Maple tree to avoid damage when mowing?
Why is the stem of one of my sunflower seedlings shriveling?
Identification of ground cover in small decideous forest (zone 5B)
Should I trim the leaves off my fig cuttings?
Auckland Rural Zone and Confusion about Frost Protection
What is the name for a weed-eater head with metal or plastic blades?
How should I care for a young cherry tree?
Do's and Don't's for a backyard compost?
What should go under a raised bed that is on top of tilled dirt?
Can Marigold flowers keep animals away?
Tree roots in storm drain
What plant is this? Is it a variety of fern?
Vermicompost cockroaches
Is it true: plants, that keep snakes away?
Tumbled Bluestone retaining wall
Dirt cheap way to create Polytunnel foundation
What is this tall plant with narrow leaves and white flowers?
What is this plant with serrated narrow leaves?
Will paint thinner poured in the soil kill my tree?
Growing temperate and some tropical plants in an indoor 'winter garden' in Ireland
Can I re-grow roots from a piece of a trunk cut from my green ash tree?
Office plant identification
Office plant identification and care
Can I plant my amaryllis outside?
Recommendations for Composting Bin
Citrus plant with strong growth but yellowish/lime-green leaves
Should I prune off a branch connected to a large weak crotch on my apricot tree?
Gophers and rabbits
Bonsai pot broke due to accident
Something under ladyfinger leaves
Tree roots grinded near trunk
What is this potted plant with small purple berries?
What's the best way to take care of my potted orchid?
How do I take over a previous owners raised beds?
Pruning suckers from bush beans?
Clay filled lawn with bad drainage, needs solution
What is the identity of this plant with violet-colored bell-shaped flowers and red-veined lobed leaves?
How often should I loosen soil?
What are some recommendations for planting garage rooftop window boxes?
Are the white sections on my bean plant's leaves caused by white flies?
White spots at the base of a cactus
What's the best way to eliminate the moss in a shady, damp area of my lawn?
What is this shrub?
What fertilizer should I use on agave and cactus?
How to tell a good quality compost?
Cactus with a growth
How to keep soil a rich black colour
Mauve to purple spring flowering shrubs
How much soil is needed for turf to survive?
Mice eating sown grass seed
How do I eradicate Pseudoperonospora cubensis on roses?
Avocado Transplanting and tap root
How to straighten an Aloe vera plant?
How does a self-cleaning dripping hose work?
Is it okay to grow root vegetables in soil enriched by manure?
Growing in barrel planters
What is this tall tree with narrow leaves and sweet red fruit?
What are the different styles of bonsai trees?
How to stop trunk from crumbling
best time for propagation
What is a good distance to grow coconut tree from house and compound wall?
Should I be concerned about these purple stems and dead leaves?
Why do the leaves of my (very young) Eureka lemon tree look folded?
How can I tell if this is a weed?
zanthoxylum piperitum 5 years old bonsai watering and care?
Can I add new soil on top of existing lawn without trouble?
Is this mushroom going to make my black radish taste weird or be poisonous?
How can I regulate lettuce indoors so it doesn't bolt/flower?
Best way to deter pests (gophers, squirrels, rabbits) from my fruit and vegetable area
How to plant herbaceous perennials under an existing tree without harming it
What do I have to pay attention to with pre-potted growing sets of herbs?
Treating Azaleas without harming Bees
Taking a cutting from cherry Tree
Recommendations on fixing my uneven lawn
Are these primary or secondary verbena pests?
Caterpillar identification: tan with black triangles
What is causing brown spots on my Alocasia Black Velvet?
What is this houseplant with glossy leaves?
What to do with fig cutting in water?
When and how should I prune lavender?
Gardening calendar for vegetable beds
How helpful are whirligig mites?
Is my bird of paradise too crowded? Should I divide or repot it?
How to trim a rubber tree plant when all of the leaves are at the top
Can I Till Existing Grass Before Laying Sod?
Pruning versus girdling
Grass identification and removal
Can annuals work like perennials if you keep using cuttings?
What's the best way to care for this damaged plant?
Growing a healthy lawn
Dying French Lilac
Ropes as climbing support for English Ivy?
Output of Septic tank as fertiliser
Anyone know what this ground cover is
Carrots grown in my backyard look different
Saving sun-scorched succulents
Plants grow but not fruit
How to fix a garden hose faucet valve leak
Insect identification: black, flightless, ant-like, with exaggerated abdomen
Best tool for underground lawn sprinkler system head removal?
How can I propagate Pachira?
What do nurseries feed their potted trees to make them so healthy?
What is this Apple disease?
Is it bad to turn over an upside down plant?
What kind of mushroom is this and should I get rid of it?
landscaping plant in yard
Will Sunchoke grow from "fingers"?
Is it acceptable to plant turmeric vertically?
What's this strange large growth on my new asiatic lily?
Leaves on my Cherry Blossom Tree are Wilting
How can I protect my plants from cows and goats?
What is this epiphytic climbing fern with narrow leathery leaves, found in Thailand?
What is this white speck on the leaf of my plant?
Maldives-PLANTATION - VEGETABLES AND FLOWER
Back to the silver leaf maple
How much growth should I expect from my pecan tree?
What should the watering schedule for garlic be to ensure optimal growth?
How much sun do peaches need to fruit?
What is this plant with a thick woody stem and waxy leaves?
What are these plants growing on my lawn?
Why are some leaves on my tomato seedlings turning dark and falling off?
Stop bougainvillea from generating shoots from the stock?
How does the head of a garlic compare to its stem?
Approximately how long will it take for sunchoke to appear after planting?
What is this small red fruit with a passion fruit like pulp inside?
Should I grind up rhubarb root to make it multiply?
How can I cross breed two root vegetables?
Does turmeric like potash?
How much potash should I give garlic?
Replanting from a hanging planter
Will a cutting from a wild fig tree grow more quickly in water or soil?
Mass Cane turned black after major move
What is this tree?
What kind of tree is this with reddish leaves?
What are these flowering perennials with white flowers?
What is this interesting weed growing in a yard in Northeast Ohio?
Is there a difference between pot ash, and wood ash?
Why is my Orange tree not bearing fruit
How can I ensure my new garden border doesn't tip out like the current one is?
How to start over-pachysandra decimated
What is this plant, growing in Utah, USA; called?
Putting fruit tree branches in compost
Identify striped bug on plants: safe or suspect?
How much space between trees?
Fusing apple seedlings for bonsai
How do I save my avocado plant?
What does "prune back to new wood" mean?
How do I prep for tilling over my yard
Please help to identify this vine
Are there other seeds that repel liquid like Safflower seeds?
Best time to harvesting blue vates kale
Harvesting Sunchokes in Spring?
How should I prepare garlic bulbs prior to planting?
What is this root "vegetable"?
What is the purpose of this bundle of sticks?
How to safely keep plants in greenhouse at low temperatures
Choosing between Triticonazole and Tebuconazole for rose black spot
How can I revitalize cucumber plants after spraying them for mildew?
What is this succulent with dark green paired ovate leaves?
Effect of white/black polythene floor in polytunnel
Pine sawfly eradication once and for all
What kind of plant is this, and how do I care for it?
My transplanted seedlings are all dying!
What plant is this? A succulent of some sort
Will growing Garlic in a garden keep insects away?
What is this epiphytic cactus with small orange flowers along the stems?
Chilli plant leaves wrinkling
What is this plant with red-pink lines/veins on its big green rounded leaves?
How do I free a stuck ball bearing on a garden hose quick connecter?
How do I channel heavy water runoff on my sloped desert land?
What is this tall perennial with fragrant white flowers?
"Softening" plants before they go inside?
How to get rid of horse tails from the garden?
What flowering plant is this?
Can You Identify This Grass?
Worm/Caterpillar identification and control. white webs
Can I transplant grape hyacyinths while in bloom?
How to keep my lawn dry leading up to my wedding?
Maintenance of oleander plants?
What USDA zones can I grow Yacon in?
Is this pile of dirt in my grass a sign of a pest?
What useful things can I use shredded branches for?
Calendar to maintain fruit trees
How do I revive a shocked goji berry bush?
How many trees are needed to attract birds as significant pests?
Scarifying my lawn seems to be pulling up the turf, is this OK?
How to prepare plants to move to greenhouse from indoors?
Am I on the right path to growing these Oyster Mushrooms properly?
When is the right time to put milkweed seeds in soil?
How often should you overseed a lawn?
Big Max Shed Foundation
What causes Catnip to flower?
What do sunchokes look like when they're sprouting?
How often do you get a sunchoke that looks like ginger?
Transplanting Jack in the Pulpit
Any way to save a large tree that's starting to split/crack down the middle?
Any ideas on what is wrong with this tree?
Why are my tomato leaves turning yellow, with brown spots?
Can I Spread 24-25-4 Fertilizer Before Laying Sod?
How do we revive Spruce trees that lost 50% of their needles after a flood?
Does garlic get woody if you let it grow for too long?
Growing bunching onions from seeds
Are these pea plants sun damaged?
how to make DIY seed tape?
I noticed spots being eaten from my rhubarb,what should I plant to prevent them from being eaten?
What are the big wart-like bumps on my hibiscus leaves?
I've planted too many potatoes in 1 container
Are there any benefits from leaving dead leaves in the soil around a plant?
What is this herbaceous plant that I grew from seeds?
Pest, etiolation, soil or overwatering? Other causes of pale-brown tips in Aloe Vera
Could Lawn Fertiliser kill off slug-control nematodes?
What zones can I grow Chinese Artichokes aka Crosne in?
Weedy uneven lawn with tree stumps: grind, chip, till, roll and reseed?
Reforestation in my town
New fungus or mold on my basil plant soil
What's the fastest way to dry peat before re-potting an overwatered succulent?
What is a small white grub-like larva destroying my huchera?
Need help identifying this plant
Saving a lopsided Douglas fir from needing to be removed
Is it good or bad to have mushrooms growing in the soil of my fruit tree?
Brassicas seed saving
Is this a sideshoot (sucker) on this Cordon Tomato Plant?
Avocado leaves turn to brown at the middle
"Volunteer" tomato plant in my vegetable garden - good, bad, indifferent?
How can I prevent my succulent from tipping over its pot?
Why is spiderwort a good plant for mesocosms?
Will Burdock grow from the root?
I've read that burdock contact can cause irritation, where can I plant it?
What permaculture crops should I grow together in USDA zone 4a?
What should I do to papaya seeds prior to planting?
How do I make rock dust?
Mint is becoming more withered
Help identifying this weed/plant?
Do just-repotted plants really need to wait for days before watering them? Why?
Do succulents need to be kept out of the pot for some time before re-potting?
What shrubs/flowers are deer resistant?
Why haven't my Birch and London plane tree leafed out yet
How long do I need to stay off the lawn after applying weed killer?
What leaves should I feed worms?
How much drainage is considered "well draining" for a bed that doesn't fully drain?
What to do with strawberry plants planted in a soil with lot of nitrogen in it?
What's the environmentally safe way to get rid of worms that eat the vegetable plants?
keep bonsai leaves small
Is it really beneficial to put papaya seeds in the sun for a few minutes before planting?
Which Aloe Vera plant has the most healing property?
Is the gel of all Aloe Vera plants suitable for consumption?
What is this plant with dark green ovate hairy leaves in my indoor pot?
What is eating my kale leaves
What causes garlic leaves to grow through each other splitting them?
I've read that butterflies like sunflowers, do they also like sunchokes?
How to thicken grass
What is this succulent with flat hairy leaves?
How do I make compost?
Which soil should be used with Aloe Vera Barbadensis Miller, Stockton variety?
I've read that Sorrel is a permaculture green, but an anual, how does it come back?
How much light is too much for a Maranta Red house plant?
What would cause the bark to fall of a tree?
Is the plant "Hens and chickens" edible?
Avocados from seed - inside house or polytunnel during germination?
Revive a dying lavender (for a dummy)
How to ensure survival and growth of broken cactus
Spacing for semi dwarf cherry trees?
Can anyone identify this rose?
How should we treat cracks in the stem of Aloe Veras?
Weed identification - urban Minnesota
How to kill the long grass in an established lawn?
My aloe plants turned grey when I took it outside
What can I do with rocks to encourage wildlife?
What sort of insects are these?
What kind of grass is this, and how can I keep it out of my garden
What is the proper way to plant a bush under an established fruit tree?
How do I plant blueberries?
How do I dig peat to avoid getting grass to come with it?
What does ash do to the PH of soil?
What is killing my tomato plants?
After spending a day digging topsoil, what should I do to clean the bottoms of my shoes?
If I harvest bell pepper, will it grow back? (I control the temperature in my small greenhouse)
How to get crisp lettuce in a green house
lettuce seeds germination in Petri dishes
What variety of Goumi berry will thrive under an apple tree in USDA zone 4a?
What was the blueberry plant potted in?
Do Pine Bark Nuggets stop weeds from growing in a lawn?
Approximately how rich is the soil that's permanent-black dirt?
Garden & Greenhouse pest! Mice? Vole? Rabbit?
Should I leave or remove sand under a demolished brick walkway to allow grass to grow?
What mixture of liquid soap to water should I use for soil with high silicon content?
Is this tree sick and is there something I can do about it?
Cleaning homegrown vegetables prior to consumption
Can I start Cannabis sativa out of edible husked seeds bought in grocery store
Does keeping lettuce seeds in an open package affect their viability?
Is this plant with paired lance-shaped leaves a green chilli?
Will the power of sunchoke ruin plastic?
Drinking Water Safe hose reel - what to look for?
What are the best garden uses for 5 gallons of used coffee beans?
Problem with my Meyer's lemon tree
What is this tree with blue and white flowers and long strap-like leaves?
Why are the leaves on my mango tree turning brown and drying out?
Can I fertilize my plants after putting pesticide?
Can I use "distilled" water to water plants?
Why did my tomato seedlings stop growing after their first set of true leaves?
How can I remove this dangerous insect from my garden?
How can I combat mealybug in a large garden?
ID this plant from an inherited garden
New Sod Installation - TLC
What's the best time to harvest Black Beauty zucchinis?
How should I handle tall grass patches in my lawn?
What is this tree? Please help me identify this tree
Should perennials purchased at a greenhouse nursery be acclimatized before planting outside?
Brown spots with yellow on cucumber and tomato plants
Can a newspaper layer underneath mulch be harmful to trees
How to help young tree with damaged bark?
What can I plant between rows of sunchokes?
What should I know before planting the American Groundnut?
Is this a fungi on my plant?
How can I support Birdhouse Gourds without nailing anything to my fence?
What is this plant with narrow leaves at the edge of my flower bed?
F1 Cherry Tomato Plant Temperature
What are the pigments in my orchid?
Spots on marigold leaves
Who left these eggs behind?
What does coffee grounds do to plants like tomatoes?
Why do tomatoes like egg shells?
What fruit trees requires the most water?
Will lettuce seeds germinate in summer?
GREEN POWDER FALLING FROM HYDROPONIC HERBS
What tree is this?
What is the name of this plant orange/yellow flower?
What is this fungus?
Should we use glyphosate (or other non-ecological chemicals) in our gardens?
How should I treat a weigela bush with a large section of dead branches?
Which tree should we remove to allow more light into the yard
Prune a lower branch and graft it higher up
Possible to force new growth in Monterey Cypress Tree?
Please help me identify this tree. Is it Box elder?
The leaves of my chilly plant is drying inspite of water in them daily
Taking care of grape vines
How should I plant and grow Crosnes?
Can anyone help me to identify this plant?
Will using dense shade grass seed in a non shaded area cause problems?
What kind of small/bonsai-tree is this pictured one?
What are the disadvantages of using wood mulch as a cover?
Will branches on my damaged apple tree grow farther apart from each other as it gets taller?
Should I pick the rhubarb that was attacked by the lawnmower?
Moving an old Rose bush
What is the proper way to spread used coffee grounds?
Can I create a fungi dominant compost tea by brewing it in lower pH water?
Is there a good way to make a coffee ground water collection barrier?
Cutting back Avocado trees
Is there a good way to seed perennial vegetables between landscape bricks?
When can bokashi be considered "compost"?
Different kinds of shoots
zucchini plant issues- fruit not setting, blossom buds black tipped & small
Is there a way to make "swamp coffee" with kitchen waste?
Most durable approach to preventing weeds in garden paths?
How will I know when beetroot is ready to harvest?
Help me decide in a location for my raised bed garden
Why are my ornamental chili plants turning brown?
I accidentally froze my papaya seeds, how will it affect them?
Covering soil of Ponytail Palm
How many walking onions will a walking onion produce in a season?
Is the pictured seedling a Sycamore or field maple?
Is consuming GMOs safe
Is growing honeysuckle bad?
How to eliminate fertilizer odor from home?
Getting rid of deadly nightshade
What are the natural predators of snails/slugs?
Tiny, colorful wildflower/weed
How closely related do plants have to be for grafting purposes?
How can I tell if my compost is ready
What is this succulent with pointy leaves that seeds constantly fall from?
How do I kill the bugs that are inside of a white cocoon in my apple tree?
What is this growing on my arborvite
Is a northwest facing porch a good place for a miniature rock garden?
Removing dandelion by cutting the root one inch below the ground level. Will this work?
What plant is this and how can I relocate it?
Help Identifying this Plant
What are colors other than clear suitable for avoiding the heat inside a greenhouse?
Using Pine bark mulch and Cedar mulch together
What kind of bush is this?
Is a blackish-green tint to a tomato plant still a healthy plant?
Can I plant sun-loving annual seedlings in partial shade if the area will have full sun in a few weeks?
Will these varieties of mulberry survive the UK climate?
Who keeps tearing the leaves off my melons?
What makes sunchokes bumpy?
How do I remove burdock from my yard?
What type of fruit tree is this?
What type of basil is this?
How can I encourage my indoor vermicomposting bin to produce more dirt?
How long do peanut seeds stay viable?
Unknown pest identification - eggs? On a grape vine, UK
Clean fill for a large stump hole
Brown spots appearing on roma tomato leaves
How much should I water sunchokes to get a patch going?
Harvesting Baby spinach
Is my daisy growing smaller flowers on itself?
Can "I" grow american beautyberry?
Where can I grow yaupon holly?
Where can I grow magenta spreen lambsquarters?
How often should I repot Lithops and Conophytum?
Which way to put lawnmower on side?
Black patches on aloe vera leaves
How can I water blueberries without losing a flower?
Plant only flowers after rain, and not from being watered. What plant is it?
How to protect your grass in the winter months
Flower identification and black spots diagnosis
Lilac tree has branches without flowers
Why do fertilizers for the same plant type have significantly different ratios?
What factors could cause a young oak tree to leaf out late?
What is this prickly weed found in Pennsylvania?
Autumn Revolutions bittersweet not fruiting
Diagnosing if a tree is dead
Why do pink rain lillies flower after rains, but not from being watered? How to make them flower?
What is this low-growing bush with variegated leaves and red berries?
Sod not getting enough water?
Why are my Brussels sprouts rotting
Dyed circulars and cardboard, for weed barriers under mulch
What trace elements are in coffee when it breaks down?
What should I do with garlic I planted as whole cloves instead of breaking them up?
Translucent spots on leaves
Is using tomato slices really viable for starting seedlings?
Why are the tips of my hardneck garlic plants dying?
How do I connect a nozzle to a hose that doesn't have a threaded connector?
How should I cut a long, curvy cactus?
Should I remove the flower shoots of shallots?
Bird-friendly weedkiller for patio?
How thick do I need coffee grounds to be in order to keep grass back?
What would cause branches in the middle of a pear tree to die?
Should I plant grape vines in poor condition?
How to handle direct sunlight-disliking plants w/ only east windows?
Can a new rose flower grow from inside a dead flower?
How to prepare a soil that is compacted and has a lot of rocks
Does anyone know what the white spots (see picture below) in mint leaves are?
Can a coppiced manna gum with three trunks be turned back into a single-trunk tree?
When do cabbage moths lay their eggs?
What is this lettuce feeling oval shaped plant that grows similar to a rhubarb bush?
What is the name of this pinkish flower?
What is this monster thistle-like weed?
What is this bushy rose plant with large pink flowers with many petals?
Tomato plant-Yellowing of older leaves with necrosis of green leaves- flowers falling off without fruiting
Should damaged leaves be removed?
What are these potted trees with leafy branches beginning a few feet up a narrow trunk?
Why do people say perennial food crops only produce for a few years?
Will yellow undergrowth rhubarb leaves turn green?
I mulched before grass seed, is that a mistake? + how to fix?
Why are some of the lower leaves on my cactus turning brown?
Will weed barrier work as a shade cloth?
What could this object in a tree be?
need help to identify this plant, please!
Can someone please tell me what kind of flower this is?
Can I ignore soil pH and just give blueberries chelated iron?
What part of the blueberry bush forms the blueberry?
Can I grow a climbing plant as a trailing plant?
Beet plant - leaves turning yellow-brown
How many watts should grow light supply per unit area of edible greens?
Creating Vegetable Mix Analog
What is the maximum yield of apple tree?
Clematis identification
What Pest is That on My Rosemary?
What causes yellow curling leaves and black bark on an apricot tree?
Material choices for DIY greenhouse
Why do the leaves on my Kentia palm have dark spots?
Do any bulbing bunching onion varieties multiply like potato onions?
Adjustable spray jet tips keep getting clogged
How can I keep birds off my berries for cheap?
What illness/pest has this rosemary and what to do with it?
Plants that don't need direct or indirect sunlight for air purification?
What are the differences between these three "shapes" of the same variety of asparagus?
An unknown pest or animal is heavily attacking my blueberries, what should I do?
How deep should drip irrigation be installed?
Will ground cover conifers grow branches on a former house side of the plant?
Can I get a conifer to grow from a ball of roots?
Rosemary leaves yellowing at tips
What is this six-petaled white flower with long narrow leaves?
Replanting a Bougainvillea: Need a Plan
Can i just simply sealed a bottle of plant and expect it will grow well?
Office plant identification and care - my 2nd plant
Orange spots on Polypodium
What are these alien egg-like things on the back of rose leaves?
Which of these Air & Pollution cleaning plants best fit a window/ balcony in Mumbai Weather?
What are these coatings on strawberry stems?
When do sunchokes "bolt"?
White spots on large maple tree
What is this four-petal lavender to white flower?
Please help identify this aggressive vine?
How to build a hugelkultur?
Are all hostas edible?
What seeds should I get approval for importing food crops to a third world country?
Carrot & Beetroot seeds not sprouting
Why isn't my Victoria Plum tree fruiting?
Are red cedar posts a viable option for freshwater dock pilings?
When can you weed and feed new sod?
What could be happening to my tomato plants?
Did I over fertilize my vegetable garden?
What makes some chives twice as wide as other chives of the same type?
Indian rose drink rose name
Killing thick grass in flower bed by layering with plastic bags
Should I take seed casings off newly sprouted cucumber seedlings?
New homeowner with weeds instead of grass
Why are my young tomato plant's leaves drooping and curling inward?
How to use Miracle Gro fertilizer?
Is there a way to keep hardy geraniums upright?
What are the names of the parts of leaves?
How do I treat a wound where a branch broke off my apple tree?
Units of nutrient uptake rate in hydroponics?
Does pruning a plum tree to maintain its size and shape prevent it from fruiting?
Do I have poison ivy, poison oak, or some other noxious weed?
How to replace lawn with rock garden
Do I need to shade my veggie garden during a heat wave?
Help Identify Tomato Problem
Diatomaceous earth: food grade or not?
How to take care of geraniums?
Fruit thinning - is that really required?
How to identify Amelanchier species
Would Diatomaceous Earth work for spraying unreachable Tent Caterpillar nests?
Organic mulch for raised bed
What is this pest attacking an avocado tree?
Is using detergent on plants a good way to revive them?
Why are my morning glories stunted/deformed?
How can I encourage mulch to decompose?
Why are my basil's stalks turning brown and dying?
How long should I wait to mow my lawn a second time when I try to avoid cutting more than 30% of the blade in one cutting?
Why is my mulching mower clumping and not mulching?
Will peaches on a sapling grow into mature fruit?
Assistance identifying plant, white flowers, 6 lobed leaves, almost a foot high?
Why use landscape fabric in a raised bed?
Can someone help me identify this dried tree?
Does my cyclamen need to go dormant?
What is causing dark spots on my blueberry plant's leaves?
What are these evergreen berries/fruits?
What is the name of this beetle, and is he eating my squash plant?
How do I transplant walking onion?
Can I start a fruit orchard where cedars used to grow?
What is this pine tree with long pendulous needles and vivid purple flowers?
Need help identifying plant, please.
Why are my boxwood shrubs dropping yellow leaves?
How do you adjust watering based on rain in the forecast?
Fixing drips that are no longer working
How do I transplant black currants?
How low should the surface water table be in order to be considered well draining?
What are these trailing plants with white flowers?
What should we do with a 7-8 year old honey locust tree that has been damaged by disease?
What is this bush with small yellow flowers and an orange substance in the stems?
Please ID weed/grass
How much wiggling for trees is too much?
Identification office plant, fake or real?
Is any of this a Fern?
Growing *Sarracenia* in a pond in the Southern Plains
Is this a black raspberry or a blackberry?
Can I use miracle-gro all purpose plant food to root raspberry clippings?
How to name/characterize climbing plants by climbing habit
How many years does it take for a Quince to fruit?
Is this plant with small white blossoms a weed or a flower?
What is the best privacy hedge for the US northeast?
Will differently coloured rolls of turf become the same colour over time?
Need help identifying a new plant/weed? in my garden
Putting patio pavers around a tree
Hawthorn identification
Is it a big deal if the upper parts of papaya roots are exposed like this?
At what point does kale stop producing?
Small pond with frogs is covered with duckweed. Is this OK?
Can I trim my potato plants?
How tall can Boxwood Green Velvet really grow?
Is this a weed or what kind of plant is this [see picture below]?
What type of clippers is suggested for berry picking?
Where to position dracaena in room?
How should I convert 5 gallon buckets into pots?
Plant sitting two orchids and need advice
Space required to grow 36 kg beans and 60 kg sweet corn?
How crucial is it to measure pH of hydroponic growth solution for leafy greens?
What is causing damage to my okra plant?
Can I grow asparagus in a small container?
How far can snails see?
Crippled young leaves on pepper plant
Will pruning back a leggy Avocado to below the leaves kill the tree?
How can I prevent my neigbour's cat from marking its territory in my garden?
black spots near roots and up stems
Lower stems on tomato plants turning brown
How do apple trees grow?
When can I harvest cauliflower leaves for juicing?
Japanese Maple shrub dying
Do petunias have roots in the stems?
Is it a bad idea to make coffee ground decomposable baskets when planting?
Why did my fig tree stop making fruit?
What is the radius of wind pollination for sea buckthorn?
How do I prevent damping-off of my lettuce seedlings?
Emergency propagation of red currant cutting in early summer
Using rotary and spray sprinklers on the same zone?
Is there a better way to tell when to stop watering by drip line?
Best mosquito repellent plant for a sunny terrace?
Irrigation of a hedge in a raised planter
Thornless Blackberries, can I root from cuttings?
What's this tree/shrub with white 4-petal flowers?
How sharp are sea berry thorns?
How much soil to remove from root ball when repotting?
How do I treat a Hydrangea?
What's the tree with many leaves in one branch and grow tall
What tree is this which is 12 ft tall and 15ft wide with tiny black fruit
Trees or shrubs with decent shade that can grow in pots?
make chipmunk leave the back yard
Why are my peas dying from the bottom up?
I keep reading about sea buckthorn in sandy soil, can I plant them in rich black soil for better results?
What is wrong with my Camellia?
What is this beautiful flower?
Ground cover plant with small purple 5-pointed flowers?
Cutting tall grass (2-3ft) to short (2-3in) kill it?
Is there a good way to know if you should transplant sunchokes to spread them out a little bit?
What precautions should I take when reusing soil in pots?
Growing bonsai using artificial lighting
What is wrong with this magnolia?
Mushrooms instead of tomatoes
What is this perfumed arbust and can it survive deep frost?
Why are the leaves of my french marigold wilting and causing the flower to droop?
Question Repotting Sansevieria (Mother-In-Law's Tounge)
Does garlic being green automatically mean it will sprout?
Why don't hydroponic systems suffer from constant root rot?
Can I make an insect hotel from sticks that blew down in a windstorm?
How to grow aquatic floating bladderworts from seed?
What's the difference between hay, and stick bundles for beneficial insects?
Best way to grow and tend to Cucumber plants
Is sea buckthorn able to be grown in pots?
Why is there so much fear surrounding sea buckthorn?
What plant does this seed pod shaped like a bulb with tendrils come from?
Can I safely remove glued gravel on top of my bonsai plant's soil?
How do I plant potatoes that sprouted in my pantry?
How badly does Goji berry spread?
What is this orchid doing?
Are green elderberry berries poisonous?
Which root edibles can be harvested in the following years after they are planted?
What is the difference in plants rated to 1 zone warmer than where they grow?
How large is the Nanking Cherry seed?
Is it feasible to compost small amounts of plant matter?
What animals make good "lawn mowers" for a fenced in food forest?
Why did my tomato plant stop growing after transplanting?
Is this a potato plant?
Are these strawberries drying up?
Jabily/elephant tree (Operculicarya decaryi) bonsai
Rat proofing lawn in the city
Can I propagate a hosta from a leaf?
Rockwool - Over germination
What is light when it comes to plants?
Do all plants emit CO2 at night and day?
Does it make sense to mix dead fig leaves in my soil?
What is this whispy grass stalk, a red base and thick woody roots, and how can i Genocide it?
What is the difference between watering your plants early in the morning and late at night?
Which three of these six plants should I get?
Do I need to cover up Dwarf Fig trees in the winter time?
Mysterious Brazilian jungle plant
Tilling in oak stump grinding chips for new sod lawn
Monstera/Swiss cheese plant with brown spots on leaves?
Should my healthy, flower-covered eggplant be producing fruit yet?
What zone should I believe about where I can grow sparkle berries?
Can a sparkleberry be pollinated by a blueberry?
What are the stages in a vegetable's lifecycle?
What is this plant which looks like chives?
Do you need to water a compost pile on the edge of a swamp?
What is the proper way to inoculate a compost pile with things you can find in the woods?
Is mold/mildew in the stalks killing my lucky bamboo?
Wanting to plant shade plants? But where?
What plants is this?
Is this plant a Lemon Lime Plant?
Identify this Dracaena
Is this Trinette plant?
Are these insect eggs on the bonsai?
Are there specific lawnmower spark plugs?
Mowing 2+ acres of pasture
Thickening trunks of bonsai
Symptoms of nutrient deficiencies in trees
Planting potatoes between tomatoes, bad or good idea?
How do I revive a couple shocked trees?
Managing Temperatures in my compost bin
How do you tell the difference between sunflowers and sunchokes?
Do I need to wait a year before harvesting garlic?
Albino citrus seedling? and 1 year old grapefruit plant
Help identifying a weed/unwanted plant that pops up all over and unchecked, grows into a tree!
If I use synthetic oil in my lawn tractor, can I go more than a year between oil changes?
Do Landscape Designer/Architects require a license or permits in Canada?
It is good to use water of a pond to irrigate my garden?
If you plant deer resistant plants with plants that deer like, will the deer resistance work?
Pruning eggplant for optimal fruit
How to remedy lead in soil?
Permeable paving in cold climate
What type of tree is this that produces purple berries?
Should I prune a basil plant as it's growing?
Proper potato watering time
Is there a strawberry that grows as a bush?
Does a cucumber plant only produce one cucumber at a time
What is the safest way to transplant a sycamore maple sapling (Acer pseudoplatanus)
How do I recognize a hermaphrodite papaya tree?
Cloning Echium pininana
Daisy like plant with multi-color dry hard petals?
What fern is this?
How can I fix my garden turf?
Plant Identification: Tall shrub-like plant with fuchsia flowers
Broken Saddle Tee In Irrigation System
Do roots normally need air around them to grow better?
Will a thick layer of coffee grounds cause girdling?
What should be done about automotive fluids killing grass?
Is it possible to grow a rose from a cut stem in a bouquet?
What type of caterpillar is black with a white arrow on its back?
Should I rub my nasturtium seeds with a nail file before planting?
What's the best ways to keep strawberries off the ground?
Yellow flower with 13ish spiked petals, orange outer center, and yellow-green inner center?
Is there anything I need to worry about when growing the mulberry tree?
What am I doing wrong with my crepe myrtle?
Cut the iris stem to the rhizome or only as far as the bottom leafs?
How to cure brown lawn. Grass stalks look too long
Will a hebe bud from old growth?
Help identify this oak tree
Is my tree diseased? Can I cure it?
What's the issue with my avocado plant?
Counteracting Black Walnut or Cedar mulch
how to protect young tree from leafcutter bee
How fast do paw paw trees sucker up?
When designing an agroforestry project what is the proper way to design heights of different plants to work together?
What is this small eucalypt-like landscape tree in California?
The Forsythia bush that ate New York
What is the name of this pink flower wirh spatulate shape leaves and bulb root?
found this mint like plant in my back yard, help?
Avocado Seedlings cold tolerance
Cutting sunflower teddy bear
How to prune a fiddle leaf fig tree
Diagnosis: capsicum plants with holes in leaves, brown spots - no bugs visible
Organic mulch as a compost substitute
What is wrong with my beefsteak tomato?
Why do landscapers seem to always plant the most slow growing trees in parking lots?
Is trimming up the branches of a conifer a bad idea?
Hose timer on outdoor spigots with built-in anti-siphon valve
Sand and gravel appearing in garden
String trimmer lines, What types and whats best?
Do 3 in 1 plantings cause girdling?
How to remove unwanted Plants from the garden easily
Grafting black walnut onto English walnut
Oak Leaf Blister (Taphrina caerulescens)
What causes trees to june drop a main branch?
Is there a difference between Aspirin, Tylenol, and Advil when growing tomatoes?
Using Lawn fertilizer for other plants?
Why does watering a plant cause temperature changes?
hortensia and brown leaves
Does pouring dish detergent down a chipmunk hole get rid of them from my garden?
What's the difference between drop spreaders and rotary spreaders?
What type of dandelion is this?
How close can I plant a new climbing rose to an existing mature plant?
How to protect a lawn against frost?
Is music good for plants?
Crab apples haven't flowered this year - could a warm winter be to blame?
How much and how often do I have to water my potted plants?
Preventing invasive roots in raised garden beds
What is the environmentally safe way to guard the vegetable and fruit plants from squirrels?
Planting on pit started avocado
Can I revive my basil that wasn't watered for a week?
How can I propagate a rubber tree plant from a cutting?
Why did the leaves of my pepper plant become partly white after transplanting?
Do you recommend putting compost containing tomatoes onto potato plants?
Watering plants and temperature
How can I save my Meyer lemon tree?
Does anyone know what nutrient is lacking in these strawberries?
Fairly new sod dry spots?
Do you need to worry about nitrogen fixing if you mulch heavily?
What procedure should I do when I water my sunchokes?
Should I be concerned about Ginkgo leaves yellowing in early July?
Can I germinate chilli seeds from dried chillies?
What are the consequences of not removing all the buds on my young lemon tree?
Guiding zucchini growth off edge of raised bed
Repot a basil plant with leaves only at the top
Fertilisation in Flower-Boxes with Reservoir
My garlic tops were dying off, butI have tiny garlic to sho for it what did I do wrong?
Weed that looks like grass
Do kiwi berry guild well with with elderberry?
What's this insect on my eggplant?
Can Nanking Cherry cross pollinate with other types of cherries?
Tiny shot holes in leaves of salad bowl crop
Hog fuel on newly prepared lawn bed- horrible idea that can be saved?
Found this beetle in a pile of wood chips, harmful to my plants?
Will refrigerator freezing garlic in the pot for a few hours create the necessary cold time required?
What is this bush/tree that has clumps of little green berries but also sometimes apples?
Can I save a male pumpkin flower for later pollination?
What is the maximum depth a seed can be planted?
Suckers on dormant tree
My sunchokes are acting like beacons for japanese beetles, should I do anything?
How do I prevent suckers from coming up every few weeks on a developed tree?
What type of Mulberry tree is this?
When properly spacing out plants how much of an opening do you need to consider something to be full sun?
How important is it to use mycorrhiza if you're planting trees, and bushes?
How can I get rid of Cocculus Carolinus vine?
Have fluorescent lights in both rooms. How to protect Dumb Cane/Dieffenbachia?
Help with caterpillar identification
If I accidently broke off the top of a "july free" tomato at the dirt level, what do I need to do to help it survive?
Can coffee grounds be considered soil?
Will Bermuda grass survive in Boston
Question on my Bradford Pear Tree
How to know whether an indoor plant has outgrown its pot?
I saw water droplets on the leaves of my dumb cane. Where did it come from? Is it harmful?
What's eating my pepper leaves?
Why aren't my young chili plants growing?
Since tomatoes don't need cages in the wild, how do they stay up?
What tomatoes should I sucker, and which ones shouldn't I?
Help growing potatoes
Should I repot the zinnia that's in a crowded pot with some marigolds?
'Dead' Bonsai Help
Keeping rats from eating my plants
Has anyone seen this kind of eggs in their kale and strawberry?
What are the white patches on my succulent?
Sundew leaves are becoming brown - should I move it to a larger pot?
What kind of tree is this? And how can I kill it?
How long should a golden pothos cutting remain in water?
What is this white substance on my queen of the night?
What should I do to prevent plant diseases from spreading while having them live close together?
When should you worry about tomato plants when they droop after transplant?
Why is my Cayenne pepper plant losing leaves and curling/burning at tips?
Why don't you want to put mint in a compost pile?
Need help identificating this bee-attracting shrub
What should I do with damaged leaves on my Money Plant?
What does soaking hot pepper seeds in weak tea accomplish?
How to prevent basil leaves from becoming black
What are these white spots on my Purslane leaves?
What are the benefits of putting grass in my garden, what precautions should be taken
Tuscan tree identification
Are these spider mites on my indoor eggplant?
What is this plant in my garden and should I remove it?
What is this low-growing plant with fuzzy green and gray leaves, and when can I transplant it?
Colony of tiny beetles and eggs on a dill seed
What is this tree and will it eventually destroy my house?
Help me with my Bhut Jolokia
Tiny Yellow spots on Dracaena Reflexa Pleomele. What I am doing wrong?
Sketchup objects and Visio Stencils for master plan designing for my garden
What's this little reddish beetle?
Growing avocado from seed
What is this shrub with large heads composed of single flowers?
Why are hoes manufactured with both inside and outside edge bevels?
What's this white bug?
Help me make this drainage "ditch" look great
Why Do I Have Stunted Corn?
Is my maple tree in trouble?
Is there anything that can turn azalea blooms blue mid-season?
Cucumbers not producing
Should I prune this new olive tree?
Cucumber with bacterial wilt, what to do to save other plants?
What are these abnormal tomatoes on my tomato plant?
How can I transplant sprouts growing from a Mimosa stump?
Can compost be used as mulch?
How can I measure the pH of my soil?
No dig methodology?
What is this hemispherical red berry with many drupelets?
When choosing a site to plant a black walnut what should I look for?
What is this tree/bush with thorns and small blue solid fruits?
Cutting roots of a live oak tree
Should I remove the top of a tall, skinny eucalyptus to promote a stronger core?
Training old wild muscadines
Will my indoor Michelia alba thrive in a self-watering container?
Side effects of introducing cultivated variants of a plant into an area where the wild version grows?
What is this branching, brown-stemmed and fleshy-leafed plant?
How long may an avocado pit be left out after having been removed from its fruit?
New to houseplants - what's wrong with my chilli plant?
When should I transfer my Fiddle Leaf Fig to a bigger pot?
Why did "droplets" appear on sunchoke leaves when watering on the ground to replenish the water supply right under them?
What is this fern-like plant with red stems and green, red or cream colored leaves?
What should new tomato growers know about growing tomatoes?
How to maintain forest land with a variety of tree species?
Should I cut tomatoes once they reach the top of the greenhouse?
What should I do after oak tree removal, before paving?
How to keep cucumber beetles/bacterial wilt from spreading when removing infected plant?
Does juglone affect crop yields?
Why are my Bell pepper leaves deformed with contoured edges?
What can cause a Gasteria leaf to suddenly shrivel and turn greyish brown?
What is this substance that looks like red sap on my cucumbers?
Ideal climate for germinating nightshades
Why are my bean leaves curled with white splotches?
How can I get clean soil for my sundew?
Leafy plant with many small pink flowers
Tomato Plant Stalk Appears Diseased
What is this willow-like tree?
Are white spots on raspberries mold?
Are tubers used as water tanks?
Is this yellowing normal for a kalanchoe plant?
I planted bell peppers. Is this actually a bell pepper?
The company I ordered special trees from put tape directly on the tree, should I remove the tape?
When is it too late to start growing kang kong?
Can you grow tropical plants (ginger) on a hugelkultur in a cool climate?
Mulberry trees can have both lobed and unlobed leaves?
Should I compact topsoil before laying turf?
How soon should I replant a grocery store rose
What is this houseplant with glossy, elongated and variegated leaves?
Plant Identification and Pet/Child Safety
Yellow spots appeared in my lawn suddenly although all other area is green
Should I replant a watermelon that almost died when planted in the ground?
How often should you water saplings that were shipped by mail for the first week?
Are this spiders killing this trumpet tree?
Citrus fruit stopped growing, what to do
Why are there brown spots on my Haworthia?
Can someone identify this tree from these leaves and this "fruit"?
Can I grow wild white or other types of clover in an outdoor container?
Why do sunchokes seem to be stunted?
Excavating a yard
Why are my jalapeño peppers turning black?
How can I remove all weeds and grass from my garden without chemicals?
Fix leak in Gardena T1030d water timer
Fast growing trees for shade & fruits in Sri Ganganagar, Rajasthan
Oregano becoming red, what's wrong?
Do I need to thin sprouts from an avocado pit?
How to trim this multistem tree
When should you move saplings from part shade into full sun?
What flowering plants are recommended for a roof garden in a climate with hot dry summers?
Why is this avocado leaf curling and turning grey?
Is it a bad idea to put a pot over a bucket to mimic a water table?
What kind of roses are these?
What is this white salt and web like thing on the soil?
What is this white snake like thing?
What is the best way to channel an electricity cable under the lawn?
Identifying this unusual tree
If money plant can grow submerged in water, why it can...
Why has my bougainvillea lost almost all of its leaves?
Is it true that having only one fruit per vine makes it taste better?
Will flattened hostas recover and regrow?
Are there five Fresno pepper fruits growing from this flower?
Why are my jalapeño peppers wilting suddenly just at the very tips of the fruit?
Tree root damage
What is this fungus or mould on my oregano, and how should I treat it?
Is it a bad idea to pin every branch of a strawberry plant to the ground?
Can my weed wacker designed for .065" (1.651 mm) trimmer line handle .08" (2 mm) one?
Is it good practice to replace water in Lucky Bamboo everyday?
Discolored blackberries, any solutions to fix this?
Are these seedlings Mazari palm or Agave neomexicana?
Can anybody identify this smelly succulent?
How can I stunt the growth of a Night Blooming Jasmine?
What is this stuff? Some kind of moss, lichen?
Is Coca Cola bad for Nightshades and curcubits?
What herbs or useful plants thrive in full sunlight?
What is this plant with leaves like a cattail but with triangular waxy pods?
How to create a sapling from a figtree
Hydrangea has turned brown
Elimination of Japanese Knotweed by injection
How can I treat nutrient burnt basil seedlings?
What's this spindly weed with sharp seeds?
What kind of succulent is this and why are the leaves wilting and changing color?
My anthurium's leaves are turning yellow and brown
Why would one plant two olive trees right next to each other?
Ideas needed to sort out this waterlogged, dark, mess in front of my house
Why do people say not to overwater basil, when it grows better in standing water?
diagnosis with salt
Identify this tree with thin trunk and large leaves?
can I cut back hydrangea flowers?
Will comfrey root sluff off too much growth if you mow it with grass?
Why shouldn't you use these woods when building a hugelkultur?
Why don't you want wood chips on top of soil for an orchard?
Identify pepper plant with purple upright fruit
How can I prevent wasps from eating my apples?
Purple Sprouting Broccoli recovery from bird attack
Is it OK to put moldy fruits and vegetables in the compost heap?
Should I deadhead my daylilies?
Are my large box elder and Norway maple trees too close?
Why are my Gladiolus aiming at the sun?
What are these small black winged insects in my lawn?
Quality of soil in plants sold in 6" pots sold at retail stores?
Ideas for picking up residual water?
Will shaving the top of a Red Maple's roots hurt the tree?
Why are my squash and pickle plants just producing flowers?
Why are my green bell peppers turning brown?
What is growing on my Anacua tree trunk?
What permanent grasses should I look into?
Returning a garden paved for 30 years with packed clay below, back to lawn
Why do landscapers constantly play with the throttle on a leaf blower?
Can I buy mulch in the fall and keep till next spring
Why is my tea tree wilting?
What critter creates piles like these shown in the picture below?
A strange plant grew out of where my cilantro used to grow, can someone identify?
Maple tree's new-sprouting branches
How to deal with a blueberry bush putting off unusually large-leaved branches
What is this furry white stuff and little white bugs?
Brown patches on tomatoes
Artificial Lighting for Growing Seedlings
Why are my zucchini dying off so early?
Should I prune other veggies the same way I prune tomatoes?
How well do dwarf tomatoes do with dry farming?
What's the best place to plant this grape vine?
What is this plant/seedling growing from hard, oval, mottled-brown seeds?
What is wrong with my Mother-in-Law's Tongue/ Snake Plant?
Is this spotting on my schefflera houseplant caused by alternaria?
Am I wasting my time pulling dallisgrass seed pods before mowing?
Should I be concerned about this weedy grass popping up in my lawn?
Please can you help me identify a rose with sentimental value?
What's the best way to grow tomato and pepper plants from seedlings late in the season?
Why is my mature mulberry tree not fruiting this year?
What is causing yellow and brown blotches on my Roma tomato's leaves?
Are these roots healthy or bad?
Why did my new pear tree snap hours after planting?
I am trying to identify and treat white fungus at the base of a tree
Are "fast growing trees" a gimmick, or is this possible?
Is this plant a Creeping Bellflower?
What fungus is this, and how to get rid of it?
What is this bushy plant with narrow leaves and white flowers?
When doing no till gardening, is it a bad idea to leave grass to act as a cover crop?
Should I prune a redwood tree suckers?
How to ripen butternut squash if vine dies
What is this succulent with tiny triangular leaves and what care does it need?
Should I roll after seeding lawn?
What type of plastic covering would be good for a heated greenhouse in the winter?
Is manure bad for potted plants? Why?
Long time blooming hydrangea
Do I have to throw out soil in a pot that had snails on the turmeric?
Can I use salt for weed control in a play area?
Should I mow my lawn during a drought?
Container plants for winter display
Does anyone know what plant is this [see picture below]?
Habanero pepper sunburned?
Finally got the rootball out, please diagnose the roots and health of this plant
what is the name of the flower?
Is there a way to effectively/safely spread new blueberry branches?
How to grow Crepe Myrtle to look like umbrella?
Can the roots of a large Norway Red spruce tree crack a cement porch floor?
Worms appearing in potted Yucca after watering
Why are my morning glory flowers closing so early?
Using buckets as placeholders for future trees?
Will a potted pomegranate tree grow in Zone 6?
Peace Lily - Black spots on flower
How to plant a Yoshino Cherry Tree successfully?
Does English Ivy harm a tree?
A good way to take care of Pelargonium
Tall-flower support
Is epsom salt dissolved in water enough to keep most plants alive?
How do I rejuvenate my Date Palm Tree?
Why does this Jade plant have small leaves when compared to other Jade plants?
Pot size recommendation for this Jade plant
What is causing the open hole and damage to this oak tree?
How long should I wait before watering my Cat's Claw vines in high heat?
When should I repot my avocados?
Is there anything wrong with letting cucumbers get large?
What do my pepper plants have damaged, curling, and yellow areas on the larger leaves?
speed of how fast my grass is growing
What is an issue with Mother-in-Law's Tongue/ Snake Plant leaves getting dried up?
Are these Ficus air layered roots ready to plant
How to revive the grass of a small garden that is completely beige dry grass?
What potted outdoor plant most resembles astroturf in terms of required care
Best flavoured blueberry varieties
Why the water drained by my pot is yellow?
Globe Willow keeps going into shock
What is this extremely drought-tolerant bush with yellow flowers?
Can a Mexican sage survive losing all its stems?
What causes the stems of sunchokes to turn red and lower leaves to die?
Self seeded oak sprouts, want to safely relocate to see if they will take
Is dead Hemerocallis folliage brown or green composting material?
Feeding Tomatoes via an irrigation system
New turf left to grow too long - how best to fix?
Alpine flower with yellow blossoms?
My reseeding lawn is turning yellow
Why does my avocado seedling have just a tall stalk with no leaves?
Is this some version of loosestrife?
Why does Tenacity® (mesotrione) kill bentgrass but not other grasses?
How should I store sprouts after they have sprouted in glass?
Discouraging voles from entering my compost bin
What causes papaya leaves to curl up into weird shapes?
Translucent leaves in my echeveria
Treating tree disease that manifests as warts/galls/bumps on leaves
What can I do to keep my recently separated barbados cherry and miracle fruit trees alive?
Why have my carrots turned purple?
Black beetle identification, crawling on potato plant
Plum Glory tree seems to be dying
What are these brown stains on my Bougainvillea's leaves?
What is this plant with narrow stems and purple flowers found in Germany?
What is this low-growing shrub with small bright red berries?
How to make a Snake Plant Potting mix in three category: Perfect, Good, and okay
Do's and Don't's for re-potting a plant?
Identifying these Pink and White Flowers
Should I treat every aphid infestation?
What is the best way to trim back this plant?
Why is dumping kitchen waste (like peels of a potato) in a potted plant a bad idea?
Will Dawn dishwater and bleach get rid of cutworms without killing my flowers?
What is this plant on the pictures?
What is this vine/crawler growing in my yard?
What can be used as plant media except soil?
How do I help my squash?
What part of sunchokes is the last part to stop showing signs of overwatering?
What type of conifer is this?
What type of fungus is this?
Whats wrong with my Jasminum Sambac?
How can I save this plant sprout?
What is this plant, and is it worth saving
Is it possible to regrow the roots of any plant?
What is wrong with my grape vine?
Difference in supplementary lighting between greens and strawberries?
What is causing this yellow fungus in my plants' soil, and should I be concerned?
Too Many Spiders
What is this tree from the NW?
What the heck is this plant?
Are there any effective treatments for Armillaria root diseas (AKA shoestring root rot)?
What chances do I stand to relocate this lilac bush?
What chances do I stand to relocate this thuja bush?
What would be a hardy evergreen flowering vine that can live in Southern Ontario (5b)
What is this called?
How do I prepare planters with sedum and hen and chicks for winter?
How to save my Crepe Myrtle bonzai from expected death during next winter?
Grass will not grow in the back of the yard
Please help me to select the best form composition for this backyard design
Looking for advice on constructing a living fence, using trees or vine
Advice for getting rid of Green Fly?
Why do some tomatoes have a whitish band under the skin?
Why is our Honey Locust tree shedding leaves and other parts?
Help with identifiying tree with deciduous maple like leaves
How to Get Indoor Avocado Tree to Branch Out
How do I promote ripening and harvest peppers correctly?
What is this plant with lobed leaves and pink flowers?
What Fungus is this? Is this a good or a bad fungus?
Song of India(Dracaena Reflexa) getting yellow-brown leaves
How do I add height to an existing asparagus bed?
How do I fight off an aphid invasion on indoor peppers?
Tilling a yard to reestablish pleasant plant growth
What is this fruit tree found in high mountains in North Carolina?
How to help/not hurt my half dead looking cactus?
Why aren't my young Bonsai Plant seedlings growing well?
Can sunchokes be overcrowded?
What are these cute little seedlings that are growing in my houseplant soil?
What are these little black bugs on my Chives, Welsh and Spring Onions?
What causes tomato leaves to wilt and die from the bottom up?
What is wrong with my rosemary plants and how do I help them?
What type of pepper is this?
Black spots on the stem of my mint plant
Automatic watering timers keep flooding
Why are large sections of bark peeling off these birch trees? Is it contagious?
Need help controlling purslane germinating after seeding new lawn
Trees in narrow space behind retaining wall
Can you plant seeds from Calla lily?
What's the vine that is wrapping around my plant and how can I get rid of it?
How do I replace string or open string head in RYOBI 40V-X Expand-it String Trimmer?
Why is my lemon verbena showing signs of distress?
Transparent crystal-like secretion on my orange tree
Will Hydrangeas Next to a Freshwater Seawall Suffer from Occasional Flooding?
Are mushrooms growing naturally in your garden a sign of good soil health?
What is the optimal spacing for emerald green arborvitae?
What's the name of this plant/weed? See picture below
Unknown flower in Belarus
Is there a small variety of weeping willow?
Lawn Mower Losing Power, Cutting Poorly
How do I encourage my tree to grow a full set of leaves again?
What are the light brown spots on coriander leaves?
How and when should I trim this bush?
When should I remove the spent stalks on my daylilies?
What's hatched on my rose?
Are squash bugs a pepper pest?
Why are the leaves of my Lemon sprout turning yellowish?
Can my worms eat wood?
Strange vine growing in garden
What are these trees with tall trunks and narrow wispy leaves?
What is this yellow and black insect and how to get rid of them?
Bonsai basil? Tips on herbal bonsai
Why are two of my plants drying out and turning yellow?
Why are the leaves and stems of my yucca drooping, and the plant looking sad?
How do I know vermi-compost is done?
What are proper methods to remove ripe humus from pile
Identify houseplant with tall stem and long thin leaves
chemistry of ripening (tomatoes, and others)
How should I care for freeze damaged tomato plants?
Potted small bushes put in the ground without removing the pot, just for this coming winter
Almond inside of a peach.
What are these small flying insects? Are they bad for my lawn or trees?
Bracket fungus on apple tree
Harvesting Basil Seeds Too Early
How can I stop Wild Grape and Mile-a-minute vines from taking over my property?
Are there maintenence free edible plants for sandy iron rich soil in harsh climate?
Sun exposure of potted saplings
How to sharpen garden scissors without dedicated tool?
Information on killing yellow jackets at the end of summer
Good Frost tolerant tomatoes?
Help growing a pine seedling
Why does my lemon tree have black scabs on the lemons and yellow spots on the leaves?
Grass Seeds to throw- AZ High Desert
What's eating my broccoli and kale, and what can I do to prevent it?
Why would cuttings from the same hibiscus exhibit different growing behaviors?
Tree Fruit from Santa Cruz, California
What's wrong with this fig?
Why are some leaves on my Schefflera turning yellow and falling off?
How do I grow grass in a North Texas climate under trees?
Can someone please ID this succulent
Determine the ID of this cactus
What are these garden tools used for?
Identify this plant, please
Why do my calla lilies not develop full color?
Do I cut back all herbaceous perenials in fall?
How can I grow an in-ground 'bonsai' oak tree?
What's the best way to handle dirt in my Sansevieria (snake plant)?
What's the best type of potting soil/mix for a Sansevieria (Snake Plant)?
What are my options for plant choices near a pressure treated retaining wall at base of backyard fence?
Can I train a Ground Cherry to climb a trellis or something else to get it off the ground?
Should I water before or after a tomato feed?
Why are the leaves on my mint plant drying up and brown bumps are forming on the stems?
Pull Crabgrass before overseeding?
Zucchini and Honey Dew Melon health issues
What to do with the damaged leaves of the Snake Plant(sansevieria)?
Does a long crack in my beech tree's bark mean that it's as good as dead?
Invasive herb w/ tiny white flowers
How to overwinter a potted oriental lily in an apartment?
How can I enhance the flavour of peppermint plants?
How should I re-pot a severely root-bound weeping fig plant?
What is this plant with long narrow triangle leaves and prickles?
My sunflowers are dying. What to do?
Dwarf Tamarillo Pruning and Care
Crassula or Portulacaria and what are the little white sticks
Identification and question about possible sickness / parasite
Why does my Dracaena fragrans lose its leaves?
Need help identifying red leafy plant
Problem with Crassula Tetragona
Can I grow strawberries in Lagos Nigeria?
Why are the leaves of my peach trees turning yellow?
Would holes in the sides of plastic pots impove drainage and aeration?
Should comfrey be a companion of blueberries?
Is there a special way to cut off sunchoke flowers?
How can I transplant this large oak tree?
What is this hanging, green-white plant?
What is this white flower found on a lake shore in Maine?
Why do you only hear of comfrey bocking 4 and bocking 14?
When to collect acorns for planting?
Will cedar trees damaged by fire grow back?
I've got a disease in my wheat... is there anything I can do organically?
Do yellowing grape leaves indicate a serious problem?
What's wrong with my weak cantaloupe plants?
Get rid of pesticide resistant Spider Mites?
Tomato virus attack
Why are my pumpkins only growing small, then dying?
Need help with disease on bronze loquat
How can I organically get rid of aphids in my aquaponics system?
Help identifying this plant
What to do with the plant/tree growing right from the wall of my and neighbour's balcony?
How to get rid of grass between ground cover?
How to get rid of dirt that is lying on grass?
What apple tree is this?
Plant with pink five-petalled flowers and waxy ovate leaves
Why are the figs rotting on my tree?
DIY Greenhouse Shelving
Growing Goji Berry from dried seeds
Why aren't roots growing from my Orchid that's growing from a stem?
DIY fertilizing vs. Tru-Green
How to know my apple is ripe enough to collect it
Killing off Emerald ash borer (EAB)
Why is my apricot seedling turning brown?
Difference between Areca, Chamaedorea and Kentia in appearance
How do I get rid of aphids on kale?
Looking for a non-kink hose and variable spray nozzle with NO LEAKS
What is this shrub with long pointed leaves?
Is the emu bush(Eremophila) invasive in california?
Does it help to bag lawn clippings prior to fertilization?
What is this prickly, burr-covered plant with different colored flowers on the same plant?
Removing a killer bee hive?
Identify this spiky plant
Why is it recommended to plant squash on mounds?
What is happening to my citrus trees?
How do I save my quinces from insects?
What possible reasons could the previous owner have for burying chicken wire under the lawn?
Why is my pear tree blooming in September?
Harm a tree by trimming top/exposed only part of root in lawn?
How to prepare lawn for overseeding
How can I further prevent my Fiddle Leaf Fig plant from growing slanted?
Minty smelling plant with white and pink flowers
If twisted trees will suffocate each other, why do retail stores sell them together?
Is Xanthomonas a host-specific disease?
Is this Chinese Evergreen healthy? what should I do with the specifics?
Why does my new ZZ plant have yellow and broken leaves?
Folded leaves on a seemingly healthy lemon sapling
Newly seeded lawn growing unevenly
Aloe vera plant outgrowing its pot
Ideal plants for rental property?
What exactly is garden soil, and why shouldn't it be used for potted plants?
Should I Switch to a Worm Composting Tube?
Acer new leaves in mid-September
How should I take care of my bromeliad?
What is this yellow flower with thick curved petals?
What is this wildflower with clusters of very small pink buds which open to white flowers?
I need help figuring out what kind of tree I have
Identify plant (tree)
Is this cactus unhealthy, especially at the bottom?
What is this white flowered purslane lookalike from South Florida?
Is my maple tree beyond saving?
Should I cut the top off of this bolting lettuce?
Is this plant beyond saving?
How can I stop a sycamore tree from sprouting new growth?
When is the best time to harvest chilli peppers?
How much topsoil should be laid over hardcore before sowing grass seed?
Mango internal decomposition
What is the correct ratios for Epsom Salt and Gypsum solutions?
Caterpillars don't lay eggs so how is this happening?
Is a fungus causing dead patches in my lawn?
Another Tiny cute seedling growing in my houseplant soil
What is this creeper with serrated leaves and small white flowers growing in Mumbai, India?
How should I overwinter my potted clematis in Massachusetts, Zone 6a?
What is this plant with trumpet-shaped flowers seen in Queens, NY?
Concentric circles and converging lines as paved paths/trails of a park
Can you compost paper towels?
What vegetables could I grow in an indoor garden in winter?
How long do I have to harvest my potatoes?
Will lopping off the top help our ponytail palm tree?
What type of weed is this in my lawn?
Can I grow a rose bush from a healthy store-bought flower?
What are little hairs around sprout just above the soil?
Pink flowering shrub with tomato looking buds
How to take care of Erica Gracilis?
Is there a way to grow plants super fast while it still being organic (i.e. healthy)?
Maintaining roadside ditches
Should I be concerned about white patches on my tomato?
Why is my dill looking pale
Why is the stem of my ZZ Plant drying?
What is this tree with scaly bark in Beverly Hills, California?
Is cow dung really bad for potted houseplants? (There are videos in the question.)
Identification of a tiny, worm-like insect/parasite
what plant/vine is this?
What is this Dracaena plant that looks like a lemon lime tree?
What plant is this that looks like a bush?
Can I plant comfrey in rotting compost to help it grow better?
How far apart should I plant Japanese box for a low hedge?
What should I do with this Ficus elastica (Rubber fig)?
Why is my Dwarf Jade plant dropping more than dozens of leaves?
In store-bought fertilizer for camellias, what's the difference between NPK 10-10-10 and say 4-4-4?
What would be a good grass, available in seed, to plant for ground cover in a forest?
How to grow a new Opuntia (prickly pear) from a cutting?
What should I do about ants and aphids in my mint?
How can I repair a damaged aloe vera that hasn't been watered for months?
Why did my African Dwarf marigold plants dry up after only half a month?
How should I deal with tree root pushing on brick retaining wall?
Solar powered electric help for winter roof garden?
Help to identify a tree South Florida
Is there a soil sieving and packing procedure to ensure equal moisture distribution?
Can drained water from potted plants be used again to water another house plant?
Are these wild Tomatillos?
When can I cut back regal lilies without damaging the bulbs?
Are there any tricks to make irrigation even?
Mango infested stems - tiny pink larva
Why is my pecan tree only producing tiny fruits?
Why do my Nepenthes N. Ventricosa tendrils dry out, and the N. Alata do not?
Is it possible to get this pin oak to grow straight?
What is this plant with clusters of purple berries at junctions of opposite serrated leaves?
Can anyone identify this thick leaved crawling plant?
How can I tell if my greenhouse plastic film is facing the right direction
Why do we kill store-bought vegetables? Why not store them so they can keep growing?
How can I limit the height (depth) of our English (Common) Ivy?
What is this small shrub?
Pumpkin or something else?
Is my crepe myrtle dying because of winter season?
What tree is this and how would I get it removed?
Can I compost a large brush pile?
What are these black round dry spots on my Aloe Vera leaves?
Aquatic plants growing conditions
What to do when compost doesn't finish before it gets cold?
My night Blooming jasmine has bugs
Removal of dying vegetable plants
White spiky mushroom/fungus growing in lawn
Best Practices for fertilizing fruit trees
Pruning a weeping mulberry
Why does my Angel house plant produce some type of fluid?
Small seed pods growing in mulch and shooting seeds
My Snake plant never seems to grow
What is the latest time to split mondo grasses?
Fast-growing vine, supposed to be a flowering plant
What kind of oak are these acorns from?
Could someone please identify this plant?
Why does the lime half of a grafted tree suffer, while the lemon half thrives?
How do I naturally eradicate a stand of invasive bamboo?
Mushrooms on crab apple tree trunk
Dead leader on maple tree
How do I overwinter potted fruit trees?
Depressed Castor Oil plant
Does compost replace fertilizer?
Basil plant leaves have small black spot with a light grey star shape around it. Tiny worm?
Best way to run water away from house into the yard/landscape
Benefits of wiping the dust/dirt off the leaves?
Pine seeds which I planted two months ago grew early. What should I do?
Lucky bamboo top of stalk is yellow
Why does my gardenia look deformed and have dark spots on the flowers?
What is this low-growing plant with small yellow fruit found in Roanoke, Virginia? Is it edible?
How to rescue our cherry tomato
Can it be too late to aerate the lawn?
How to properly remove Dead Banana tree leaves
What is this plant with hairy stems and opposite leaves?
What is this succulent with little orange flowers?
How can I trick plants into thinking there's more space in the pot so they grow larger?
Should I remove the tiny, cute, white and red bugs from my Umbrella plant (Variegated Schefflera)?
Why germinate seeds outside of soil?
Does it matter which side up a seed is planted?
White Raspberries after a frost
What is this plant with highly variable 3-5 lobed palmate, smooth edged leaves?
What are these insects in my potted Schlumbergera?
Trident maple leaf curl with some dark tips
Are all plant materials suitable for cold compost?
Why are my Dracaena and ZZ leaves turning yellow?
What is this cactus with smooth round spineless stems?
What are these potted plants with thin stems and leaves that look like sticks?
Does anyone recognize this plant?
ID this Korean Roadside Plant by it's Tiny Seeds (Possibly Edible)
Why are my Boston fern and Spider plants losing leaves?
Over wintering banana trees inside the house in USDA zone 5
Is it wise to shred leaves and leave them in a corner rather than bag them?
How can I tell which citrus plant it is from their leaves?
Do subterrannean termites like composted leaves?
How can we help our garden frogs in an arid climate?
What are these red/orange spots with protruding "spikes" on my pear tree?
Is this lemon ready to pick from my small tree?
What is this compost ingredient that looks like light colored pellets and crushes easily?
How can I discourage mycelium and other fungi growth in containers?
Do snake plants (sansevieria) stop growing if their tips get damaged or broken?
Why should a pot be only an inch or two bigger than the previous pot when re-potting?
What is this plant/bush found in Eastern Europe?
How long for glyphosate to penetrate plant
Could a wasp be hurting my apple tree?
What is the disease that affects my plants?
Weeping Willow tree half dead with an abundance of hard fungus, How do I save it?
Can someone please tell me the name of this flower?
I planted raw almonds and they got very moldy. What to do?
Is it safe if there is a small amount of rubbish/debris in the compost?
Identify this spotted plant
How to grow an avocado successfully from seed
Vines during winter in North England (U.K.)
How can I recognize mould in the soil of potted plants?
How can I tell when to water my Chinese elm bonsai?
What caused this red spot on my Haworthia plant?
Laying new topsoil, what if anything to mix in for worms or to kickstart healthy ecosystem?
Can you please identify this alpine, evergreen plant?
Avocado plant is dying
Are these mushrooms poisonous and how can I get rid of them?
What kind of flower is this?
For a patchy lawn, is it better to apply pre-emergent or a lawn patch kit in the spring?
Pruning a Lilac in November (South East, UK)
Help identifying cactus/succulent and trimming
Rats like to eat cactus?
How do I improve my success rate at growing scallions in bottles of water from onion heads
Why is this years-old vine dying and showing strange beige spots?
Why am I having trouble with lettuce germination?
Should I dig through roots when removing a mound from around a tree?
Zone 6b edible Ficus (Fig) hardiness/overwintering
Why did my sunchokes barely produce?
Germination of lettuce
What's the best germination temperature for Grand Rapids lettuce?
How best to Germinate Sweetcorn
How much water does a Common Boobialla cutting need?
How can I restore foliage in a Chinese Elm bonsai?
Are turf blankets useful in fall lawn installation?
Should I heat water first and let it cool before watering in winter?
How do I grow Snake Plants from seeds?
Will applying twenty year old cow manure hurt my vegetable garden?
Tips to help an ash tree, trying to grow from the roots of an EAB victim
Please identify this flower with variety/species & color classification...?
Dianthus, please identify the species... Dianthus barbatus or chinensis? Or some other?
Why does my house plant have brown leaves?
Why is my peperomia sad?
How can I tell which lettuce seeds are viable?
Can I simultaneously kill off grass and sow wildflower seed?
How should I treat brown patches in my St. Augustine grass lawn?
What are these barely visible white spots and brown edges on my citrus plant?
Why are these leaves white on my plum seedling?
Will tomato fruits stunted in size by cold still develop seeds in a timely fashion?
White ring of pus forming around branches
What fruit rot pathogen makes tomatoes turn gray and smell like rotten potatoes?
Why are my mint plants getting brown weak stem feels they are dying
How can I safely keep snakes away from the compost in a community garden?
Nuances of propagating deciduous tree cutting at leaf off stage?
Help! My Song of India (Dracaena reflexa) plant is dying!
Lime tree with older leaves getting brown and dry
Why aren't my Lemon and Feijoa trees growing or sprouting leaves?
What is this flat, green, nettle-like shrub from Tenerife, Canary Islands?
I am trying to identify the mint variety that I have
What is this pale mint green shrub with hay-colored booms from Tenerife, Canary Islands?
Mango tree looking poorly!
What is this oval, small green fruit?
Is it better to cut off drying branches sooner or later?
Acer lost bark around trunk
Are there downsides to planting in fall in Northern California?
Potato vine is it surviving or dying?
Any images of baby Buddleia globosa
Computerised record of vegetable plot plan over time
Applying straw mulch - should straw touch tree base?
Why doesn't the UK produce hazelnuts, chestnuts and walnuts, despite having suitable climatic and horticultural conditions?
How can I tell if a plant is goldenrod or ragweed?
What's the type of this Bonsai Ficus?
Microclover Mix Lawns
How can I dispose of cement pavers in Delaware County, Pennsylvania?
Why is my citrus bare on one side?
Is this tree a type of birch?
How do I know when to harvest my artichokes?
What is the white fungus growing on my Hibiscus and how do I treat it?
Please help identify red stemmed, green and white (and sometimes red) leafed plant
Pruning tips for Vietnamese Coriander/Mint
Pests from fertilizer?
Can I use this fertilizer for my Hydroponics?
Are these brown- and cream-colored beetles on my Okra a concern?
How to create stronger strains of plants?
What's happening to my cactus? Why is the base of the cactus drying?
Can Tree Roots Regrow
What is the name of this red chili with white scars?
Should I be worried about cold snaps affecting my sugar maple seedlings?
Is my ginger stem too thin?
What's kind of tree it is?
What is the best way to compost a large pile of leaves with minimal effort?
Can this rubber tree be fixed
Dark spots scattered on my fig
How can I automatically water my mushrooms?
Weed identification in Queensland, Australia. What are these?
ZZ Plant in ICU. Root rot due to water. Need help quickly
Woody stemmed plant with variegated palmate leaves
How can I choose the best wood and wax to build an interior planter?
What is this low-growing leafy plant that looks like salad greens?
How much water logging and salinity can Eucalyptus trees tolerate?
What happens when a scion from an older tree is grafted to a younger rootstock?
Basil stem turning brown after pruning
Does putting vegetables next to each other cause a conflict?
How to properly germinate almond seeds and start growing them?
How should I grow a money plant in a pot at home?
How to get rid of mynah birds?
What's a good plan for fast and inexpensive apple tree propagation?
What types of mosses are in this flat tray?
What species of Aloe is this?
How can I tell if a maple tree is male or female?
Will fallen Magnolia seed pods break down naturally if left alone?
What is this succulent with narrow stems and small growths along the edges of the leaves?
How to isolate light in indoor growing?
Is this white fluff on my indoor grass bad for the plant, people, or pets?
Can I build a soil-based garden on a concrete balcony?
Can Spinetoram be used to control cherry tree slugs without harming nearby bees and fruit?
Which of these trees are good for growing as a Christmas tree in a pot?
growing patio trees in airpots
What are these rocks/gravel lookalikes in my front yard soil?
Bonsai Ficus problem
What is the difference between shredded mulch from free vs garden center sources?
Is there a red or similar-looking moss that will grow on a stone statue?
How important is full sun for a Blue Spruce tree?
Help me identify this plant, possibly jade?
Can someone please help identify this euphorbia?
How much depth is needed for vegetables to grow in an indoor area?
How can I grow ginger in my backyard?
What is this shrub/plant? It has 7-pointed leaves
Which Cleistocactus might this be?
What are the variables I need to consider when planting my Eidelweiss?
What variety of euphorbia is this?
What vegetables should I grow in my raised beds in winter in Zone 9b?
Should I water new sod in the winter?
What is this large bushy plant, found in Somaliland?
What is my normal selection for a 4 season food cover crop?
What herbs would grow well in a roof garden in KwaZulu-Natal?
What kind of stone/surface can I grow moss on?
What's this large tree with wrinkled brown fruit in Somaliland?
What is the name of this potted plant with large, dark green, waxy-looking leaves?
Can I plant Escallonia Apple Blossom as a hedge in partial shade?
Is this some kind of Fenestraria?
Sizing a hothouse
What is this New Zealand weed? Plants grow to about 50cm-1m tall and have long leaves
Is it helpful to add coffee grounds to a droopy mother-in-law's tongue?
Is it normal for a newly grown fig foliage to hang down like this?
Planting non organically grown plants in organic garden
How do I facilitate longer and even growth?
What is this vine / tree growing up my giant poplar?
Why don't ants eat my lettuce?
Will comfrey survive a stampede?
How and when should hydrangea be trimmed?
Topping (ungrafting?) an ornamental weeping cherry
Blooming my Zygocactus houseplant
What is this white fungus on my oak tree?
My houseplant with no identification.
Guttation of my busy lizzie or something wrong?
How to safely use Baby Bio house plant insecticide spray?
What should I consider while building a grow-light system?
Can someone tell which pest droppings looks like this?
How to save a cyclamen?
How should I prune this grafted lemon tree?
What is the useful life of a kale plant?
Did my peppers cross? (see pictures)
Ficus lost 80% of leaves over the course of November
Killing fruit flies without pesticides?
How do I ripen tomatoes?
My cactus is turning brown on top. Is this usual?
What is this green, fuzzy, plant growing on a tree?
What are these fragile green plants with small yellow blooms in Santa Fe?
Plant with a single upward-pointing orange flower at the tip of the stem?
Is this plant a buttonbush?
What food crops grow well in a shady area?
Transparent soil, regular soil and hydroponics
Procedure to ensure herbicide uptake in Japanese knotweed
How do I grow Wasabi?
When should I plant my tree saplings into a bonsai pot?
Help me identify this Mini Bonsai
What's wrong with planting a tree deeper than the root flare, or mulching higher?
How to ensure more female Cannabis plants from regular seed?
How should I care for newly planted cauliflower and broccoli plants?
What is this flowering succulent?
Should I wait more, or cut this useless stem?
What or who is causing these small poop-like balls of soil below the pot?
Why should we cover rose plants in the winter?
What type of Bonsai is this, and how should I take care of it?
Are these succulent plants Sempervivum?
When should I repot a newly planted potato?
Does wind chill affect plants?
What's a good alternative to Incandescent Christmas lights for frost protection?
Was removal of an old red maple tree warranted?
How to care for a tree with a rotting crotch at ground level?
Identifying the fruit or the seed of a tree
Humidity Drops Fast
How far back should you prune rambling roses with lots of old/diseased wood?
Why are my vegetable plants in my hydroponic system dying?
What is this grassy weed called?
Found on a Red Cedar. What is it?
Why is my mint plant stem turning black?
How do I take care of my mint plant?
A dark blight is eating my Basil. What to do?
Is this caterpillar-like insect a good guy or a bad guy?
Please tell me what kind of grass this is
How can I strengthen a part of lawn that is sometimes driven over by cars?
Can rice be used as a potting medium?
Why aren't my hydroponic plants growing well?
Important features in an automated grow system
Can I compost cat litter in a high temp tumbler?
Should I use epsom salt foliage spray on giant sunflowers?
Can grafting increase fruit size, productivity, and ease of growth?
What can I do with this broken leader on a black walnut?
Help identify blue flowers that look like Hydrangea
Can I save broad bean seeds before they're dry?
Black material eating away at cactus
Can I accelerate the ripening of strawberries?
Why shouldn't I water a Blue Spruce tree during and after transplanting it?
What plant is this and how should we take care of it?
Why do the leaves on my Meyer lemon have blotchy yellow areas?
Why is it bad to till wet soil?
Buds don't blossom on Chilli plant ( bud drop )
What is a good method for planting Ball and Burlap trees?
Interveinal chlorosis of aubergine leaves
Pest on my chili plants
How do you make the nutrient solution for a hydroponic system from solid compound NPK fertilizer?
What weed treatment is appropriate for Centipede grass in the winter?
Chilli plant leaf curling
Should I cut off cactus pads to help the main branch to grow?
Is this an American Basswood?
Can I grow callisia repens turtle vine inside the house?
Why is my cactus turning purple and pale?
Why is my aloe tipping over?
Carolina Chili fruit not turning red
Identify Portuguese Tree
How should I care for my struggling Nepenthes Miranda?
What disease is causing raised blisters on the leaves of my plant?
What's the rationale for establishing a no-dig garden?
How can I get rid of fungus on my pepper plants?
What is causing my Dracaena deremensis to develop brown spots and die?
What are these small brown curved seeds?
Why does my cactus have a weird white coating? What type of disease is it?
Is this rule of thumb for timing dormant pruning correct?
Can Nicotiana alata be used as an aphid "honeypot"?
Should I cut off some banana leaves before flowering?
What is brix, and should I care?
Help me identify any of these flowers?
Garden in Desert Soil
Non-lethal Cicada Repellent?
How to protect young plants against frost?
Please help me Identify this weed and what herbicide I can use to get rid of it in St. Augustine Grass
Is a fungus causing my butter lettuce stems to rot right through?
What is actively aerated compost tea?
Dieback: Syndrome or Disease?
Should I add soil with living things, like worms, to a potting mix?
Why is my Gunnera walking down the hill?
What relevance does fungal dominance have to a vegetable garden?
What is this dark leafy vegetable plant? What's causing holes in the leaves, and how can I help it?
Flowering climbing planting in areas that are close to auto traffic
Cedar trees too closely planted together
What's this layered, green-leaved tree?
Is this avocado fruit?
Should I fertilize young mango and avocado trees which have stopped growing?
How do I prune Verbena bonariensis?
Should I fertilize a cactus showing etiolation?
Red streaks in Louisiana sweet oranges
What is this vine growing up my ponga?
water use for blue spruce outside natural environment?
What is the name of this plant and can it grow without sunlight?
What's this green small leaf aquarium plant?
Do you grow or have info on the evergreen stewartia (sometimes listed under the genus hartia)
T5 AgroLED, Hortilux PowerVEG FS + UV, UV and Mold
What is this choko-like vine, and how can I get rid of it and ensure it doesn't return?
What are these yellow patches on the leaves of my tomato plants?
Is wood ash from black locust harmful to plants?
Multi-Trunk Muscadine Grapes
What type of chilli plant is this?
Can I tell if a boxed, hydroponic, fly-trap growing kit, made for teenagers, would be reliable?
Does water with 0-0-5 fertilizer help Ficus cuttings to develop roots faster?
What is this green semi-aquatic (semi-tropical) plant?
Does an injured succulent require amputation?
Are the drooping leaves on my Snake Plant caused by the amount of watering?
What can I apply on Dypsis lutescens to deter a cat without killing the plant?
Need guidance on pruning multi-varietal apple tree
What to do with 250 seeds!
Does full shade count for photoperiod sensitive plants?
When to plant pole beans after corn?
I need nitrogen-poor soil. Where can I buy some (US)?
Need help with identification of bonsai tree
Why do leaves turn yellowish and then dry?
Should I cut off the withered parts of my pepper?
Is a self-watering pot viable for indoor gardening in the long term?
Can apple scab be treated with comfrey or other biodynamic accumulators?
Why do some people use ice cubes at the roots of outdoor plants to help them flower?
Removal of arm from Saguaro Cactus
Why it is bad to add sand to soil?
Why have the leaves of my Dracaena marginata completely fallen off?
What is this tall, bright orange, variety of Zinnia?
Shall I remove broken or partly dead leaves of a Kalanchoe?
17 year old Ficus suddenly dries up and loses all leaves?
Do sterile plants still produce pollen or nectar?
How long can I store seed potatoes?
What is this winged seed that resembles Maple/Acer?
Are grow lights bad for lemon trees?
What are these soft white things in my soil that are ruining my plant's roots?
Why aren't my pecan nut trees fruiting?
What is this caterpillar?
Discoloration on bottom of limes
Is it time to prune this Chrysanthemum?
Why is the new soil building mold?
Identify fruit from climbing plant, similar to a mix of soursop, carambola and passionfruit
Can I trim a blue spruce tree to keep it from getting larger?
How should I drain an overly watered potted plant?
Japanese Maple Care after years of neglect
Why should you usually not place pebbles, rocks etc at the bottom of a container?
Weed Identification
What is this purple flower called?
How can I clone (propagate) a juniper tree from a stem?
Can I grow an apple tree by planting an apple from a nearby tree?
How should I level my yard when half of it is dirt\pinestraw mix?
Garden tool handle shapes: the DTs
When should I plant an apple tree in the UK?
How do I repot an avocado?
Why don't people cultivate sarana (Kamchatka Lily)?
Fertilizing Over Mulch (Specifically Apple Trees)
Why is my hibiscus shriveling, losing buds, and having other problems?
What is this plant (cut foliage)?
How to make curly parsley produce seeds?
Trimming indoor croton
Will my mostly brown lucky bamboo survive?
What is the name of this red flower? And how do I care for it?
Are all plants able to be cloned?
How close to concrete can a windmill palm tree be planted?
Plants that can live on raw chicken manure
Drooping leaves on orange tree
Can I grow a fall-winter flowering witch hazel bush in Zone 6?
Can I sweeten sour tangerines on the fruit tree?
Cherry tree pruning problems
How to grow climbing vines onto a trellis mounted 2 meters above ground?
What bamboos are hardy in USDA zone 4A and can be used to make cloth?
Centering Opuntia Cactus
Accidentally added plastic to compost
How do I stop woodpeckers from killing my beloved apple tree?
Can I start fuchsias from root cuttings?
Can someone help me identify this plant
Found some grubs in my sunflower pot, fight them or let them stay?
Would an elderberry tree make a good bonsai
It is possible to keep blueberry bushes as a house plant?
Uses of the scythe in a modern garden
Red Berry ID Assistance
Where can I find information about root structure (morphology) of horticultural plants?
One part of Blueberry bush blooming, rest of plant appears dormant or dead
Add wood ash to compost heap
Do Orange and Lemon Trees need annual pruning?
What is the best way to grow lowbush blueberries from seed?
Will small garlic bulbs produce big bulbs?
Can someone identify this plant/flower?
What tools will I need for cultivating an acre of lawn?
What are these white/yellowish spots on my mexican fence post cactus?
Liquid Amber/Sweet gum (Liquidambar styraciflua) tree stress and rotting
What is this aloe-like plant?
Help to identify this plant please!
Spider plant leaves becoming discolored, thin and droopy
Can I use water from the clothes dryer to water plants?
Need help identifying this disease for my lemon tree
Are there species that thrive in non-draining pots?
Opuntia is slouching after repotting
What are the best fast growing field windbreaks?
Revive dead part of a bush
Insect Friend or Foe on Rose, Santa Cruz, California
What is this columnar cactus?
Brown leaves on strawberries
Euphorbia stems keep rotting in succession
Strange buds/growths on my cactus
Do indoor plants go dormant in winter?
UV Tolerant Labeling
How can I promote new growth on a section of my Jade cutting?
Starting garden over sod
My mint plant leaves are slightly yellowish and seems to be dropping. Does anyone know why is this so?
What is this grass-like plant?
Did my aloes sunburn?
Where can I find a crop calendar for Arizona
How can I soften clay soil and enrich it for plants?
What kind of fly is this?
What are the green stubs growing on my Aloe vera's root?
What are these white things on the conifers in my garden?
My onion plant is dying
Why is my cactus so thin?
What to do with a large orchid
What disease is affecting my Dypsis lutescens?
Proper care after repotting spider plant
ID: aloe or agave?
Can anyone identify this apparent succulent weed? It's popping up all over after our rains
What variety of heather grows to a large 4 foot height?
What's wrong with this Pilea Pepermoides?
What type of soil do cacti prefer? (acidic or alkaline)
What are some tight growing ground cover plants as Lawn substitute suitable for SF Bay Area?
What is this tree that looks like an ash tree?
Do I need a special seed or type of tree for growing a bonsai tree?
What to do with uprooted grass & earth?
Can I use a palm tree log for Hugelkultur
How close to space sweet basil?
What are the best materials to use to build raised garden beds on my roof?
Does seed spacing in aquaponic systems differ from soil systems?
In an Aquaponic system, can grow beds drain into each other?
One of two Holly Shrubs/Trees dead or dying
Alternative equivalent fertilizer like dyna gro foliage pro in Australia
Killing Bermuda Grass
What is this shrub being used as hedging in the southern UK?
What is this huge succulent plant?
Can I reattach a lawnmower pull-cord after it detached?
Growing Strawberries in Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia (Winter season)
What is the fruit of the Chinese windmill palm, and is it edible?
Can Irises be transplanted in late winter?
If I save seeds from sweet million cherry tomatoes will I get more sweet million tomatoes
Why is my Chrysanthemum dying?
Taking cuttings from apples
Do we need to replace mulch with soil?
About how big will this olive tree grow?
Can you help identify this plant?
How do I dig up or get rid of bushes?
How much light does a scented oak fern need?
What type of moss is best suited for a hanging Kokedama (moss ball)?
Can comptonia (sweet fern) be used/maintained as a low hedge?
Can I save Aloe vera plants that were pulled out of the ground?
Concerns about my Euphorbia spiralis
What are these new trunks thats emerging from this Red Cherry Currant?
Why is my pepper plant losing its flowers?
Why do my Chili pepper's leaves curl
Should I repot my mammillaria cactus?
Flowering plant ID assistance!
Plant ID assistance!
Is it better to use soil and moss or just moss for a Kokedama (moss ball)?
Does moss harm the tree it grows on?
Plant outside Ellora caves
Will a 24W grow LED be sufficient for a 50cm x 15cm windowsill greenhouse?
Aquaponic water used as nutrient mist for aeroponic growing system
What kind of rose bushes are these?
Aquaponic ph level for different plants
Can you grow a fig tree in full shade?
How should I remove the wild greenery in my pots before transplanting flowers or herbs?
Can maincrop potatoes grow in soil-less environment?
What will produce the most tomatoes with multiple seedlings?
How and how often to water ZZ plant leaf cuttings
Chuck the plant - what am I?
Chuck the plant - am I ill?
When should I move a tulip plant from a pot to the ground?
What's this black spot on my gasteraloe?
How to get a Kalanchoe to flower in bunch
How should I water my tall fescue lawn if I want to let it go dormant during the summer months?
What should I do with unplanted narcissus/daffodil onions outside of planting season?
Morning/Afternoon sun plants (vegetables)
How can I keep a bischofia tree from coming back after chopping it down?
Sweet basil: Are dark green and slightly smaller leaves better?
Performance of a bamboo (Phyllostachys) hedge in South-West UK
Why is fruit dropping from my apricot tree?
Can all plants grow inside all year round?
Raising the ground in a large area that will eventually be a patio. What type of substrate to use?
Will a lemon tree grow back after being cut down low?
Can I mulch a plant bed before planting in it?
How do I improve the growth of this Ficus?
What kind of plant will my Red Cherry Plum stems grow into?
Can anyone identify this fruit-bearing tree?
Which crops or vegetables can withstand 40 degrees Celsius?
How can I revive these house plants
How should I straighten my bent baby Euclyptus Tree?
Suggestion for cheap and efficient way to shred compost ingredient?
Correct position of Bypass Pruner/Lopper Blade
Why is my Cauliflower not producing nice shape
Why does my cauliflower plant have leaves which are damaged and full of holes?
How To Tell A Climbing Rose From a Large Shrub?
What is causing pale discolored patches on my tomato seedlings' leaves?
Can anyone identify this plant that grows leaves from its leaf?
What is the benefit of using peat?
Leaving succulents in the sun for 2 weeks without watering
How should I prune a large indoor avocado plant?
Self-clinging climber that will not damage a concrete fence
Plum Tree Issue with Rot
Will these roses bloom this year?
What can I grow in small (Ø12 D12) pots outside?
What is the difference between a Rain Bird SP40 sprinkler and Rain Bird 1800 series with the same nozzle?
Does anyone recognise this plant?
Should I trim this small peach tree shoot?
I'm trying to get rid of the tamarisk on my property
Droopy peace lily
How long will leafhoppers stay after grapes are removed?
Cuttings growing leaves underground
Are hormone rooting products effective?
Building Gothic High Tunnel (Elliot Coleman style) in Alaska
Is this a type of jelly bean plant or something else?
Why my White Bell Peachleaf Bellflower's leaves are curling up or leaning upwards?
Can you tell if a tree stump is dead or alive?
What is this plant that has small red flowers and paired fleshy leaves?
What is this brown seed pod found under a large evergreen tree?
What is this brown, 4-pointed seed pod?
How to accelerate lemon tree growth
Why one of my Red Cherry Plum tree's stem turned yellow?
Is dry sphagnum moss dead?
Separate multiple lemon sprouts planted in a single container
Is this a Dracaena reflexa?
How can I break up drywall without damaging my soil?
What's wrong with my gardenia?
What's the best way to treat boxwood winter burn?
What edible, winter-hardy plants would grow well on my northern patio?
Proper sequence of Northeast lawn maintenance this spring
Scented geraniums cuttings die
What is this plant with a flower that looks a bit like a snowdrop?
How can I easily and cheaply turn dead tree waste into usable garden products?
What is this grassy weed?
How to tell if a high-up avocado is ready to pick?
cherry tree not flowering and not leafing out
Palm tree disease
What is this plant with tendrils that exhibits guttation?
What is this long-leafed indoor plant with one stem per leaf?
Identify this plant with curled, white leaves
What's happening to these repotted plants?
What is the name of this orange flower?
Whitening of some leaves of a potted key lime tree
Succulent with thorny stems and orange four-petaled flowers
Basil: Are these aphids, whiteflies or something else?
What's causing the yellow spots on my rosemary?
How should I care for my baobab?
What's wrong with my Ficus tree?
What should I do about flying insects in my bag of potting soil?
Remove Clay Soil and Install new soil that is good for Bermuda Grass
What tree will grow acorns quickly?
What are these trees?
Killing ants without killing the grass
starting first-time garden in yard with a lot of english ivy - raised bed vs. double-digging
What is the name of this vine?
What would be eating my lettuce plants, and leaving some other vegetables alone?
What are the white spots and holes in the leaves of my Western Indian Lime Tree?
What is the black and yellow plant at the base of my fence?
Is 31% relative humidity at 22C too dry for gemination and seedlings?
What would cause pale patches and little brown spots on my Lemon Balm leaves?
Is this a pepper? A weed? An edible weed?
Can egg shells be put in the compost bin?
Can I put aphid infested plants in the compost bin?
How long does Copper sulfate pentahydrate persist in the soil, after application?
Help identifying a plant
ID this plant training strap?
How to save dying vine
Lawn Mower Won't Start After Safety Switch Engaged
How to keep a detached strawberry runner alive
How to protect apple pears from getting lot of bugs?
Do soil nutrients travel to the surface?
Is it ok to leave landscape fabric exposed in an area without plants and foot traffic?
How to save my ill-cared for bay leaf tree?
Is the Atherton Raspberry known to hybridize with other Rubus species?
How to tame a Pyracantha
How to remove a Pyracantha
How long and when to drip irrigate potted tomato plants?
Why is my basil plant oozing brown sap?
Why is my avocado tree losing its leaves?
Best method of using lady bugs to prevent aphids
Goji Berry plants have not grown much over 2 years!
The age of an Opuntia (prickly pear cactus)
Potential drainage issue?
Will a low growing cover crop work under tomatoes or other nightshades?
Why does my Snowbush have only purple leaves?
Making a drywell, without the "drywell"
How to keep away Forficula auricularia from cabbages?
Which plants to grow in a closed terrarium?
Why are all my houseplants "leggy"?
Why has the top half of my Acer Garnet died off
Can I kick rats out of the garden with a Euphorbia?
Can air plants grow in closed terrariums?
What is this growing on my bamboo palm?
Growing bur oak from stored seeds - how to start?
What to do with a slender, tall Basil plant? (how to make it "bushy"?)
What are these brown spots on my cactus?
What's this (yellow, rubbery thing - pic attached) I found in my Box Hedge plant?
Looking for a way to repel crows from our gardens, without scaring all the other birds
Is there a way to kill weeds in a brick patio without killing the Moss
What's a good full-sun groundcover for Zone 6A?
Can I raise a bush up by pushing dirt under it?
What is wrong with my trees? The bark on one side is cracking, splitting, and peeling off
Can I cut the top off a drooping aloe plant?
What are these egg looking things on my rosemary?
Can you eat lettuce that your dog pees on
How to encourage new branch growth in a peach tree?
Help identifying this Australian bush with pink / yellow flowers
How to tell if mint plant is dead
Junipers and Fertilizer times and Nitrogen
Houseplants keep getting infections
How hazardous is Melianthus (honey bush)?
Raised bed on tile floor, covered veranda?
Bushes...will these grow back? Did I ruin them?
Need rock garden plant and layout guidance
Plant identification - similar to ZZ plant, waxy leaves with round fruit
Should I cut the top of my schefflera?
Harvesting Broccoli
plant ID requested
First time gardener using a small raised planter - how to plant seeds?
How do I keep my indoor plants warm without spending any money
Developing new soil for gardening
Loss of 750 night crawler worms in a raised garden
Young avocado plant has brown spots spreading on leaves
Is this an Apple tree in my new yard?
Need to know which plant/tree is that?
Broken willow tree completely severed at the base
Why would my goji berry plant in California get sick and full of aphids?
Do mulberry hardwood cuttings (breaking buds) enjoy light?
Second Bloom for Tulips?
Can I just cut date palm branches
What is this seed pod and heartwood, maybe Ash?
Mistake - should have used ericaceous compost
Is this a snowdrop?
Why are the leaves on my pink Aglaonema fading and turning yellow?
Waxy white squares on stems of rosemary plant
What's the function/purpose of the waterproof tarp a few inches beneath the ground in my yard?
Lemon tree transplantation
Could I grow a fruiting plant in my office?
White crystal like spot on bottom side of chili leaves
What is this plant with large leaves?
Retaining wall and water management in a tight space
How to get my aloe to grow
Blueberries in concrete block bed
What is this variegated low-growing plant with purple flowers, and how do I get rid of it?
"Plenty of light but no direct sunlight": reflection on walls vs shades diffused sunlight
Rotating the pot to force the plant to grow branches and leaves on both sides
Why did my Indoor plants die?
Why are the leaves of my orchid turning brown?
I need help in identifying this bush
What products similar to "lawn mousse" can I use my own seed mixture with?
Is there a risk of rot with plastic lining in a raised garden bed?
Sprouting: sprouting seeds vs. beans from grocery store
Is there a common name for Beaumontia Wall/Beaumontia grandiflora Wall?
Cut back the tops of newly planted Beech Hedging to encourage growth?
What species is this plant?
Why is my mint plant drying out?
How can I tell the difference between male and female trees?
Yellowing and falling of lime tree leaves
Is it possible to tell if a date palm is male or female by looking at its roots?
My bulbs are dying before blooming
What is this perennial, mauve flowering herb?
Is it normal for a Kalanchoe to bloom in spring?
What's It - Found in a Yard in South-Central Pennsylvania
What are the long term effects of adding iron oxide pigments to soil?
what are these big trees?
How do I fix dead white patches in my lawn?
Could termites cause a hole with dirt in the middle of a cut tree?
Is this an undesirable grass or a weed?
Why is my Acer's new growth wilting?
How many more hours of sun will my plants get in the summer
What is eating my plants leaves?
House plant watering habit
Why is my Peace lily dying?
My lemon tree in pot has curled leaves
Is this bamboo or just long grass?
What is this powder-like substance on the leaves of my kiwi tree?
What is happening with my Gollum Jade?
Are Oak leaves good for making mulch?
Does the blue Japanese maple tree exist?
Is this a weed growing in my old tomato plant pot?
Is April too late to prune my fig tree?
Is it possible to avoid rain making my flowers and decorations look muddy?
Accidentally mowed poison ivy plant. Can I clean the grass?
Perlite causing tip burn in spider plant?
Getting rid of spikey ball weeds
What is this April flowering shrub with clusters of small flowers?
What kind of vegetable plant might this be?
How to prune a cherry tree that was left alone since being planted
House plants - What and how
What is this green "fluff" in my strawberry patch?
what to put in center of mulch ring around trees
"Reading" terracotta pot tips
Is it safe to change the soil completely for mint? And is it bad for the plants that the roots are sticking out?
Remedy poorly positioned black plastic edging
Imidian for apple trees
How do I size a riding mower? Is an Elec-Trak viable?
bright spots on tomato leaves - illness or just to much watering?
How to tell if I have multiple seedlings/when to remove secondary seedlings?
How tall will this Magnolia stellata grow?
What orange, stringy fungus might be killing my plants?
What would someone charge for digging 4 inches of dirt/much?
Can lawn grass be cut higher than most people do for the purpose of reducing water consumption?
Could I use fleece covering over blackcurrant plant in England all year round?
How to maintain these plant roots close to the ground?
Is this a fruiting or ornamental (flowering) tree?
Do I need to remove all of the small unknown roots from my raised bed?
How long until I can over-plant grass seed after spraying Weed b Gon
What is this low-growing lawn weed with small white flowers in Massachusetts?
Stopping regrowth of a tree stump without killing the other half of the tree
Best Retaining wall solution adjacent to fence
Could you tell me of what four species these seedlings belong to?
How to replace lawn with wildflowers?
How to sterilise soil?
What can I do with a large, old tree?
I need help figuring what kind of tree/plant this is so i know how to care for it!
Deformity in the form of many, miniature leaves
Stapelia problems?
Cactus id: Echinopsis aurea?
What makes potting soil good for pots?
rain barrel diverter for 6x6 downspout
Which trees can I do grafting? is there some combination table I can refer to?
Why are my cucumber seedlings turning white? Are they going to be okay?
Do fruit trees attract wasps? What can I do other than cutting/removing the tree?
Making compost using regular soil or specific soil
How to chose the best seeds in Europe?
Is manure from farm animals acceptable for organic gardening?
Is cilantro a perennial?
Trying to identify type of mint
Taking Care of my Orchid
concave leaf curl in the center of the tomato leafs
Perennial cover crops in vineyard
Couple questions, feedback before a patio install project
My spider plant is dying
Why are my houseplants dying off one by one? (Peace Lilly, Dracaena, English Ivy)
What is this vine?
Do super hot peppers blister as they ripen?
Help me identify this flower!
Why is this boxwood suffering? Is it box blight or an insect-infection?
building an aerated static composting system?
What type of bulb is this?
How to get regrowth on a magnolia stump?
Is this a sucker on Red English rose
Paver bricks -- handling weeds without bad chemicals
What is this white foam under my tree?
Need help with identifying the disease on my mango tree and a possible cure
Can you put plants in the ground in their original containers to protect from voles?
What is this plant with red and yellow flowers on long thin stems?
Peace lily dying. Please help!
What is this bug and is it harmful to my vegetables
What's the name of this plant?
Do I need to treat a Eucalyptus stump to prevent regrowth?
pruning new grape vines
Zoysia Grass Overrunning Groundcover
Plant care for Forsythia
Cap off tumbled bluestone wall
Can I plant saffron in spring?
Year round pollen producers to sustain miniature pirate bugs for pest control
Jack in the pulpit? Italian arum?
Marigold Seeds in Light Frost - Are They Lost?
Vine trimming tips
Will Patio Base Trap Water?
seed pod identification
What are these stacked bulbs taking over my garden?
Are my Salvia Blue dead? or will they bloom again?
Ipomoea / Morning Glory leaves "engraved" with whitish, silvery patches
American Holly tree trimming
Is dyeing home-grown roses fundamentally different from store-bought?
Compost tea - any combination of ingredients not OK?
What is this ladybug-like insect that is damaging my kale, and how can I control it?
Mulch become soil, how many years till soil becomes too high that must be removed?
Help with Yellow leaves
Should I cut Hydrangea surfacing roots?
What is this grassy houseplant?
What is a good spacing for a double row of Arborvitae 'Emerald'?
Reviving some soil using fertilizer, how long to wait before planting?
Plausible explanation for abrupt total disappearance of balsam?
What is damaging my pepper plant?
Why is my palm tree dying?
What is this tree? Forgot to record what I planted
How/if to transplant a 15' Catalpa?
grow beans downward without support. Anyone tried that?
Tender fuchsias not coming back to life after overwintering
Will this spikey pear tree ever grow fruit?
What are these seeds I found in the soil of my Windmill Palm?
Will red maple tree survive after being eaten by deer?
What is the process for building a forest vegetable garden?
What are the steps for building a no till vegetable garden, and how late can I start it?
Dealing with a large tree swamped by ivy
What is this yellow daisy-like flower?
Why does my cherry tree have no branches?
How 'true' will Fuschia seedlings be?
Using only composted tree leaves as the source of nutrients
Leafs to leaf compost mass conversion percentage
What are these things in my house plant?
What's the difference between normal potting soil and specialty "Mediterranean" potting soil?
What's this bug drilling into my raspberry canes, and how upset should I be?
Selecting a weed flamer to use in a garden
How can I keep my Kumquat tree from growing too tall?
Herbal Plant identification
This tree is growing in my yard - central VA zone 7 anyone ID? No flowers so far
Drought and animal tolerant grass
Hoya care - will it ever flower again?
What's this shrub with white flowers?
Drainage at cement/soil junction
Problems with my Pieris shrub - has it been frostbitten?
Should I assist or deter birds from a popular yet problematic location?
Where to break off asparagus, when harvesting?
Will a basil seedling regrow after its leaves were eaten?
Peach Tree, bark darkening and peeling/cracking
How to protect outdoor potted trees in storm?
What kind of Vetch is this?
How to get my strawberry to grow runners?
Wood ash + forest soil or leaf compost + legumes. Is this the perfect soil?
Overwatered cactus
Red and Green Acers
Need help identifying this bonsai tree
How can I remove or disperse clay soil stuck in/on grass
Can anyone name this plant please?
Coral Bark Japanese Maple in Toronto
Raised bed soil repairing
Holes in leaves and black specks on lower leaves
How can I know when my almonds are ready to eat?
What plant is this? Maybe a bell pepper plant?
How to differentiate between Portulacaria Afra and Crassula Ovata?
Do purple leafs of tomato return to normal state?
What kind of seeds are these?
When is my summer lilac ready for the next phase of my guerrilla gardening plan?
What disease is affecting this rosemary?
What is considered a low maintenance lawn for the north east?
how to increase Phosphorous, Potassium and Calcium in lawn soil
Coral bark Japanese Maple -where to plant it to avoid cold winter wind and hot summer sun damage
Dead tadpoles as potential fertilizer?
What is the purpose of supporting the tree this way?
Optimizing use of aerator sandals
Groundcover that will thrive in (Zone 9A) in Sierra Pine forest environment?
Removing sunken pavers and replacing with grass
Oil/sap from the trees
Has my Bonsai died?
Do young plants prefer their pots be rotated?
How to move trees on a highway using a pickup truck?
What flowering plants could I keep outdoors in pots in winter in Holland?
Fungi or mold on top of soil in pots
Why is my palm tree not coming back to life?
Will grafting seed grown citrus onto a rootstock bring fruiting forward
How long should dyed brown landscape mulch keep its color?
Why do I have a lot of dead flies on my Euphorbia Tirucalli?
Premature blueberries dropping buds
How many types of milo tree are there?
What are yellow balls in the soil?
How many blueberries are produced per flower?
Cayenne pepper plants has spotted leaves? What's the cause?
My Aloe Vera has one leaf that is flattening after I just repotted it, is it wilting?
I am confused on sowing instructions
To water or not to water a plant right before near frost temps in mid-Spring?
Can you use the leftover water from watering one plant to water other plants?
What are these specks of white fuzz in some of my potting soil?
Identification of a little rogue tree
How do I make seed starting green mulch form newspaper?
Do tomato plants like temperature and humidity changes?
Is it possible to transplant irises without the rhizome?
Grassy weed with seeds on spidery stalks
What is this large tree with long leaves and no smell?
Propagating succulents in 3 months, is it possible?
Can you identify a rose for me?
What tool(s) for cutting ivy stems on trees and walls?
Can anyone identify this fruiting tree/shrub for me?
Light spots on tomato leaves
What is this lawn weed with whorled leaves found in New Brunswick, Canada?
How to level up low flower beds?
What to do to the dry grass that is not allowing new grass to grow?
Is My Cactus Doing Well?
Identifying cause of poor growth in rudbeckia
Need help identifying this volunteer plant
Is this a weed or vegetable
How can I stop removed branch stumps from spouting 'beards'?
Appearance of Traps on Nepenthes
What is this plant? Is it a lavender, russian sage, or something else?
How to identify epigeic worms for composting?
Have I terminated this Calamondin?
New mango looking weird
Can a solution of neem oil and water remain effective through storage, and if so, for apx. how long?
Why are commercial tomato seedling so thick and strong?
What's the thickest stuff a garden line strimmer can cut?
What is this evergreen white-flowered Bush growing in the shade?
Does a sprinkler system by a house attract termites?
Can I plant a large tree in a raised bed?
Trim water damaged leaves?
What is this red flower which survives in the Sonoran Desert naturally?
What is this perennial plant which survives in the Sonoran Desert naturally?
What is this shrub which survives in the Sonoran Desert naturally?
What is this ground-cover flower which survives in the Sonoran Desert naturally?
What is this yellow flower which survives in the Sonoran Desert naturally?
Is this an offshoot of a tree or a separate plant?
Please help to identify tree
When is the best time to move daffodil bulbs?
Small tree pruning recommendations
How can I root honeysuckle in water?
brown leafs on tomato
What are these seeds?
NE Indiana groundcover
Please help me Identify this weed and what herbicide can I use to get rid of it in St. Augustine Grass
Do you prune the brown on a shrub?
How kill bugs/eggs on beans for planting
Why are the cherries dropping off my cherry tree?
Revive aloe plant
How should I sow bulk seed on sun-baked concrete-like bare desert ground?
What are these spots on my lilac bush?
Completely sealing drip system hole plugs
12v lighting cable and drip tubing in same trench?
Artichoke wilts at midday
I still see grass seeds in my yard even I rake them
I suspect that my cherry tomato plant is dying / having issues
Do I need to roll the lawn?
Drip irrigation system
What kind of flowering plant is this?
Care of and shaping of an Acer Palmatum where many branches seem dead
Tulip Regeneration
How to get rid of ducks
Is this a lettuce?
Venus fly trap didn't consume its pray
What are typical and perennial garden green and flowering plants?
Why does my weeping cherry tree have brown spots on its leaves?
Planting fruit tree after bud break
what in the world is this fungus like plant growing in my wood-chips?
Is this trimmer damage or disease on silver maple?
How to plant avocado tree outside?
How to lay gravel over grass
Is there good way to train a clematis to a pyramidal trellis?
Hydroponic Basil: massive root growth, but little leaf growth
Can you please identify this odd tree?
What are these insects I believe are eating my hydrangea leaves and how can I treat them?
What is the name of this house plant with textured leaves?
What can I use the removed moss from my lawn for?
Why are the blossoms falling off my tomato plant?
Can I use dawn liquid detergent in place of castile soap as a tomato blight remedy?
What do manufactures put into coir (coconut fibre) "soil"
Repotting ginger in a window box
What extent of trunk carving is acceptable for tree health?
Medium you can add to soil to improve airiness and create loose soil
What is the best way to propogate Aralia nudicaulis (Wild Sarsaparilla)?
Why is my pomegranate tree dying?
Growing bitter melon or karela?
What kind of plant is this? It has maple-like leaves but is a fast-growing weed
What is the most efficient drip system setup for irrigating a tree in the desert?
What else to test for irrigation box with valves that won't turn on
Tomatoes at the base
What is the name of this plant? It has round big flowers
Will my potatoes grow?
Ginger plant growing into height
Fruit trees root growth
How to save a Fern which most leaves have dried out
Help identifying pest
What is the best way to fix low areas in yard, ponding at times
Orchid has browning foliage. Can you help diagnose the problem?
Holding water and good drainage contradiction?
Evergreen turning yellow
Adjust mower blade height in between two height adjustments
Are there sprinkler system timers that measure flow rate?
What kind of grass is this? KBG?
Sealing Crape Myrtles to stop new growth
How to graft my 3 year old Avocado tree?
Should I prune old dead sections of my rose bush while new growth is appearing at the base?
Dwarf citrus Meyer lemon pot size
Measuring Photosynthetically Active Radiation with inexpensive sensors
What studies / evidence is there that Bokashi tea actually has extra nutritions for plants?
Should I trim the fronds on a Queen palm?
Do people powered rotary lawn mowers exist?
Why does my mandarin tree (Citrus reticulata) have yellow leaves with speckled bottoms?
Is it possible to overwater tomatoes growing in a dry climate?
Trim evergreen hedge or not?
What causes tomato plants to bear large fruit?
Watering plants with soaked forest soil
What is this plant that I have growing in one of my pots?
What is this evergreen plant and how should I care for it?
Is it ok to cut tree branches with a jigsaw?
3ft fence using line posts (1.66in)
Could someone help me identify this elusive vine?
Why are the leaves on my tomato seedling turning brown?
What weed covering should I use under my mulch?
How do I straighten a tilting Spider Plant without repotting it?
Should I remove this plant that is growing on top of my milkweed?
Can I plant succulents and cactus in the same pot?
Orange and White thing in my new house plant soil
What's eating this Amaryllis?
Mint Plant growing quite tall, it's often falling
Shaina japanese maple flanked by 2 coral bark jm: how much room aroud?
Plant with serrated leaves and orange-red five-petalled flowers?
What is the white, cup-shaped flower growing from these seeds?
Can humans pollinate Catharanthus by hand?
What is the best way to pick tomatoes?
Need help on basics for growing herbs and vegetables in pots
Is this a typical growth habit for a cactus?
What are the best herbs to grow hydroponically in Texas when starting in June?
How close can lawn be to a foundation?
How much P2O5 should I add to tomatoes
How do I eliminate invasive creeping fig?
Is it possible to over-water a fruit tree?
Redbor Kale having issues
How can I grow better shaped yellow squash?
Red Cordyline (Ti Plant) Curling Leaves, Spotted & browing- issue?
ID request, please. For a friend in Ventura, CA. Unknown volunteer plant
How long does galvanised steel last, directly against soil, in a raised garden bed?
Clay Yard Drainage Issues
Potatoes outgrowing bag - too high to hill/earth up
Giving light to a plant 24/7 is good?
When to cut chives for drying, and can I separate them?
Is there anything that really helps against the Box tree caterpillar once they are spreading?
Does moss require darkness?
Modern rootstock for grape vine
What should I do with my daffodil bulbs after having removed them?
What plants will grow successfully in an outdoor patio with non-direct light?
How can I stop water dripping from my balcony hangers to the downstairs neighbors railing?
How to change oil in a lawnmower without turning the mower on its side, tipping, or tilting?
Flattened/Deflated cactus, snapped cactus and white spots
What variety is my mint plant/why does my tea taste grassy?
What is this plant found in Arizona that grew to 4 feet tall in a few months?
What is this moss-like plant?
What is this tiny blue/purple flower with thin, vinelike stems, in Charles City, Virginia?
Will the worm population in my raised beds be OK during cold or hot weather?
Why is money tree shedding a lot of leaves and growing a lot of leaves?
Scale on Staghorn Fern
Sweet Basil-Pest Infestation
What are these white dots in the soil?
Furry mint taking over my yard?
What's wrong with my ornamental grape vine?
What plants are these dwarf coniferes? How can I improve my case?
What kind of grassy perennial plant is this?
What to do with sickening flower petals?
Blueberry dying leaves, flowers
What species of plant is this? (Jasmine-like)
Minimal install of artificial grass for small enclosed pet area
What happens to my tomatos?
What is eating the leaves of this rose plant?
Bee-attracting tall shrub with cones of tiny cream-white flowers in Colorado?
Does moss require darkness when grown indoors?
Roses in clay pot started to go bald
What is this succulent plant with long, triangularly pointed leaves?
Yucca – brown mushy spots on the leaves
Identifying an orange flowery shrub
Maple tree disease
Maple tree disease with pics this time
Mulberry tree berries won't ripen
Why are my maple leaves just plain green after transplanting?
Is this branch from the blueberry root stock?
What can I plant in full shade that will provide color?
What's the name of this plant?
Capsicum ( Peppers ) leaves have holes, turned yellow, curled no bugs visible
Is my cactus infested with mealy bugs?
Seed amount per plant spot
Pinus sylvestris yellowing problem
What is eating my bay plant?
What to do (immediately) with a waterlogged pot plant?
What to do (after two weeks) with a waterlogged pot plant?
What are these red marks on the leaves of my pelargoniums?
Nepenthes ventrata
Why do the leaf margin and a few of leaf blade of my peach trees turn brown and red?
Are there any problems with the strategy of growing plants in pots till you decide where you want to plant them?
I need advice about a Dipladenia (related to Mandevilla)
How far from a wooden fence should Bougainvillea be planted?
What is this plant? Is it ground cover?
Celosia seedlings are damping off
How to start Gulmohar bonsai from seeds?
What is mushroom compost, exactly?
I need to grow one radish plant per pot, for a science experiment. How many seeds do I plant?
Getting Rid of Pill Bugs and Earwigs, Kindly
Barnyard odor problem in compost pile
Help! What's wrong with my succulent plant?
What are these green rosettes popping up in my yard/
Identifying multiple plants
Drip lines not working
Companion gardening - I only have one bed
What weed killer should I use before laying a new lawn?
What do I actually need to do in order to size/buy a DIY drip garden watering system?
Why is my cactus getting long spindly arms
Do surroundings affect vegetable garden pests
My lemons' leafs are drying. What should I do?
What is attacking my tomatoes?
Is there an ideal drainage to soil layer ratio in terrarium etc.?
What is this plant!
What is happening to my pumpkin shoot?
What is this small field plant with a tuberous root?
Tiny white spots appearing on mint leaf
Woody shrub with small beige flowers from south-central Europe
What is happening to the okra plants
Plant with leaves like Gladiolus and a tall flower spike with yellow flowers?
Is Zanthoxylum simulans (Sichuan pepper) self-pollinating?
Can someone identify this wild plant?
Help identifying this bonsai tree
How can I stop bushes growing through a mesh fence?
What is the difference between landscape fabric and ground cover?
How to pH test mulch and compost?
Can I transplant the cucumbers in these pictures?
Ming Aralia is turning yellow and dropping branches
How to manage soil high in calcium and sulphur?
Beet leaves bubbling
Chia seeds:can I plant food grade chia seeds?
Compost pile in vegetable garden area
Is this bay tree dying?
tomato seeds not growing
How to position water mesh filters?
What is this plant with compound leaves growing in Central-Maine?
What are these loops on my chillies?
Help me identify what this plant is?
Bougainvillea, keep bound or cut loose?
What's eating the tomato leaves?
Where should I trim to convert this ash tree in a bonsai?
What is wrong with my rose bushes?
Browning arborvitaes -- why?
Little Pests with White cotton around them
What is optimal orientation of drip holes on driplines?
What is this creeping vine with arrowhead shaped leaves?
Vegetable Grow time and watering Info Table
What kind of mushroom is this?
What are these galls in my peach leaves?
What is this plant with clusters of pink flowers with red centers, and waxy leaves?
Can you plant a strawberry from fruit?
Why is there such a difference in size between the same tomato plant's saplings?
Did I use enough grass seed on my new lawn?
Name of Southern California tree with a peeling bark?
Is it possible to modify soil pH with plants?
What do I do once my weeds turn brown?
Why am I not getting any peaches on my peach tree I bought at Lowes last year?
Best chance of survival one bulb or three in a pot?
LDPE Pipe versus hoses for garden irrigation?
Why does my Black Currant bush have shriveling/drying leaves and fruit?
Is this Rose Rosette or just new growth?
Unknown indoor plant; I.D. and repot?
Are my hoses safe?
What is the limiting factor in plants growth and production speed?
Can I use a moss support for my Hoya Plant?
Please help me identify this flower
Neighbour's tree is growing into my yard
Baby apple tree under attack by...aphids? What to do?
How can I get rid of cats destroying my landscaping in a natural way?
Bonsai related - Moujean Tea vs Fukien Tea (are they the same?)
Small white grains on underside of spinach?
Young child wants ID for a plant in his school garden
Can anyone tell me what this orange stuff is on my indoor rocket?
Can I save this variegated holly tree?
One hibiscus plant is experiencing delayed leafing
What kind of weed is this and how should I kill it in St. Augustine
Can I grow lemon cucumbers in my area, Southeast VA, zone8? Pic incl'd
Best way to turn a riding mower with chute into a mulcher?
Yellow leaves on rhododendron
Browning of potted Tomato plants?
How many vertical containers to grow food for one person?
What is the cause of this tomato plant leaf curl?
My fuschia is dying after pruning
Is the rapid new growth on this rose bush a sign of Rosette?
Why does my rose bush have holes and white spots on the leaves? How can I help it?
Can you patch your lawn using not the entire roll but pieces of it?
Unknown plant whose leaves look like big versions of tomato sapling leaves
Garden plants that do not require full sunlight
Help identifying the plant
What are these fungi growing next to my cucumber plant?
Why is my wild black cherry tree dropping fruit?
What are these sticky droplets and pests on my persimmon trees?
Identify shrub with red berries in UK
Need help identifying this worm
What is this plant with long thin leaves with red marks?
Should I turn soil upside down when cultivating?
Gray infestation along the veins on tomato leafs
Nerve plant bleaching & recovery
Hydrangea flowers not blooming as expected
Lemon tree repotting
Why are the leaves on my drawf mandarin curling? over-watered?
Can I make my own potting soil with what I have?
What is this plant with dark green or red leaves?
What could I do to make my terrace more comfortable?
Calorically dense crops that can be grown in southern Ontario, Canada?
Zz plant not growing within 1 year
How long should the soil for succulents stay moist?
Should I Take It Back Or Keep Trying To Bring It Back (Resolved)
Planting a flower plant under a huge mango tree
Does anyone know the name of this young plant shrub?
Biofertilizer usage frequency
Differences in shape of fields in Central Europe
Key lime tree: white mush/mold (?) on the roots, and curling whitening leaves
Is landscape fabric stressing my plants?
What is this weed and how can I get rid of it?
What is the result of "unpredictable" cross-pollination of beets?
What is this dense, round, 1m-2m high and wide bush?
Need help saving my broken cactus
Tree identification Washington State
Germinating succulent seeds
Need advice to save a couple mesquite trees in my backyard
What disease does my Spinach have?
Are rat droppings safe to compost?
I think my moisture meter is giving me a wrong reading in one pot
Lemon Tree baby leaves curling down
What kind of plant is this, I never seen this plant before
Why is this tree foaming?
Why are my Ponderosa lemon tree leaves yellowing from the veins outward?
What kind of worm is this which lives in the soil of my potted mango tree?
Identify this plant that's taking over my yard
Why are my spruce trees' very long leaders bent over?
Plants turning purple and red?
Shrub with scented white flowers and waxy leaves?
Can someone please help me identify this plant? It's lived six years in just water. :)
What is the powdery mildew and why are my cucumbers not growing beyond 1 inch?
What is this beautiful plant in my garden?
What is this plant with serrated leaves?
Why is this tomato rotten at the end, and loosened from the plant?
It it possible to soften hard soil without removing a lawn?
Why isn't my Ginkgo biloba growing any leaves even though it's already June?
What should I do for unknown tree bark injury on a Chinese Pistache?
What's the best way to get turf to grow on stone-filled 1m high gabion retaining garden?
Is this a weed or an ornamental plant?
What type of bonsai is this, and how do I revive it?
Lawn top dressing - how much and how long does the grass need to get through?
Is it normal for a blueberry plant to have reddish leaves?
Help Identifying these trees and can they grow in pots?
How should I repair a partially broken stem with lots of tomatoes?
Hydroponic Lychee tree suffering from brown leaf tips! Help!
Best season to plant English Box small rooted cuttings into the garden
Self watering pot with no hole
Are my cherries edible?
Need help with Plant identification
How long can the runners on mint plants be?
Backyard Mister System
Tomato 911 - they have brown bottoms
What are these tall green plants that started growing in my garden
Can I substantially reduce the height of a large holly tree?
Potatoes chewed
At what size garden does a backpack leaf blower make sense?
How should I transplant an old Rose of Sharon?
Identification of a bug on lavatera
Should I give up on these Dill and Rosemary seeds?
Really virulent mosquitos - dealing with them and their bites
Is it cost effective to reseed my own lawn?
Spacing between Silver Birches?
What is the name of this pink rose with a button form bloom?
How can I store onion bulbs?
Brown spots and yellow leaves on morning glory
Please identify this rose growing in my garden
For a Greenhouse, would PE plastic cloth be suitable for a cheap sollution?
Trying to identify this house plant
Help identifying a plant
How much bamboo do I need to fill space?
Raising bed of Peonies
What is this plant with palmate leaves and purple flower spikes?
Are there any non-aesthetic benefits to planting grass?
What is wrong with my Cherry blossom tree?
What is this small, evergreen perennial in zone 6b?
Venus Flytrap: repot, sun and water
Unknown plant/tree in the garden
Why does my Basilikum have small leaves?
Should I be worried about this mottling on the stems?
brown yellowish spots on tomato - Septoria Leaf Spot?
Radish plants grew tall but radish was non-existent
Do I have moles?
How near to each other should I plant my vegetable and fruit plants?
Discoloration of leaves on Carolina Reaper plants
Will a Hibiscus recover having dropped all its leaves?
Can anyone identify this orchid?
How can sunflowers be grown in a squirrel and chipmunk rich environment?
Why doesn't my guava tree flower and fruit?
Transplanting young oak trees into buckets
Can I use 20+ year old saw dust for dirt in my flower bed?
pepper rotting disease
Cactus growing white hard coating
What is this bonsai plant with red-tinged leaves?
How should I "free" these trapped sprouts?
What kind of vegetable plant is this?
Opuntia Cactus: To cut or not to cut?
How can I propagate a baby spider plant?
Plants that attract butterflies and dragonflies
Increase pH value of already planted soil in a balcony flower box?
Basil cuttings at the wrong time perhaps?
Help identify a fern
Is Plant Still Safe to Eat If Mysterious Mushroom Grew in the Same Planter?
Is it safe to eat veggies grown in soil that has soured?
Dying tree with many holes
Will my Lucky Bamboo go back to full health?
What is this large, fast-growing plant with red stems and leaf veins?
Is this tomato stem rot contagious?
Advice Needed - Dying? Tree line (privacy desired)
Will beans or peas grow back after being topped by a deer?
Light patch on tree trunk
Apple Tree Leaf Growth/Disease? Cedar-Apple Rust?
Is this a wild Muscadie/Scupernine Vine?
Can I save my Avocado tree from the extreme heat?
Can you recommend any short, large-seeded sunflowers?
Why have only the female flowers bloomed in my pumpkin patch
How can I remove crabgrass from a Zoysia lawn, and flower beds?
What is killing my bell peppers. Holes in leaves and blackened
Any guesses what these seedlings are, and whether I should remove them?
What caused this grass to die and how can I treat it
Orange sponge-like mold growing on mulch - what is it and is it harmful?
Bite marks on tomato leaves
Is this still Cress?
Ants digging next to the root of my newly planted Japanese maple
Right container size for two eggplants together
Does my hemlock tree have wooly adelgid?
Should I trim burnt parts in an evergreen hedge?
How can I keep my earthworms cool?
Can anyone please identify this bush/shrub?
Avocado Pit Questions
Need help identifying this plant in zone 9b
Should I harvest potatoes even if they haven't fully flowered?
What is this white furry-looking mold in my potted plants?
Mimosa tree split...can it become a tree again
What is the bright green spike on the cactus?
How should I grow a Bower Vine, especially in a climate that gets hot in the summer?
What is this houseplant with thin palmate leaves?
What is causing the tip to brown and die on my Norway Spruce?
So, New Seed In July?
Which backpack sprayer (stainless steel vs plastic wand) to spray acidic solution to kill weeds?
What plant is this? A weed?
Why won't my Craftsman 6-0 Briggs & Stratton lawn mower stay running?
What are these small growths on my huckleberry?
Why do you need to change potato seeds every couple of years?
Is there any reason not to keep lemons on the tree after they are ripe?
Growing Lamps for Indoor Growing
How can I get rid of the moss growth on my lawn, and improve its overall health?
What are the white spots on the trunk of my orange and grapefruit trees?
What plants can be grown near bulbs?
Screened topsoil vs 50/50 compost soil vs peat loam for new sod
Why isn't my pomegranate tree bearing fruit?
Plums half sweet and half sour
cucumber plant leaves turing yellow, brown and dying
Bulldog Edging Knife Useless
Help identifying a tree
Avocado help, 2 simple questions pls
Will pooping in a flowerpot before planting ivy help it grow?
Which is a weed and which isn't?
Ash tree gender
Why are my Yukon golds wilting?
What kind of Crassula is this?
Building a dam in a bed
One of my apple seedlings is wilting, how can I rescue it?
What is wrong with my pear trees
Should I remove a damaged Aloe vera leaf?
Should I remove potato leaves when mounding soil around them?
What is this killing my lawn? (picture)
Entertaining, privacy producing, driveway bed plants
Why are my fig leaves yellowing?
What is this insect eating my rose bush?
Are my corn leaves too yellow?
Help identifying shrub, long narrow leaves, white flowers
What white weed/fungus is in my lawn?
How to transform an area of pasture to a vegetable garden?
Apple tree with brown leaves and black bark
Why are my figs dry inside and not ripening?
What's the name of this tropical plant?
Why has my cantaloupe plant wilted within two hours of weeding?
Identify possible rooting tree?
Will Irrigation spikes speed up oak tree growth?
Rooting Bougainvillea in water?
Need help identifying this beetle
What vines should I plant to cover my aluminum patio in southern Texas?
What is this pungent plant with spikes of purple flowers?
What is this small white pest on the leaves of my office plant called?
Daily opening times of apple flowers
Why is my jade plant dying?
Which basil has the strongest licorice flavor?
Brown lawn with weeds, how to remedy?
White spots on basil plant?
Give up aesthetics for weed removal
Who is this fellow?
Is something wrong with my plants?
What are these tiny white bugs on my houseplants and succulents?
Catalpa leaves drooping. Is it from too much rain or something more?
Identify mint types and solve existing problems
Do vegetable seeds have a shelf life?
How do gardeners revive succulents and root them?
What are these patches of fluffy white growth on this young apple tree?
What are these white powdery patches on these lilac leafs?
Who is this tan mosquito-like flying insect hanging on various tree leafs in zone 5 northeast USA?
What's attacking our lemons?
What is this weird growth on my cucumber?
What kind of Crocosmia are these?
Can my lemons grow in cactus soil mix
Maple Tree Question
Non-flowering chives
Sick Tillandsia Caput Medusae
Is it normal to have a white fuzzy substance on the seedling of my pepper plant?
Identification of a plant brasileira
Standing Water with sidewalk surrounded
Caterpillar?-Kindly help in identifying it.
What is this growing on my orange tree
What is this weed with purple flowers?
Is mulch in the desert a good idea?
Branch broke off in storm at trunk
Why does the ginger wither at the top/tip?
Is this discoloration on a pumpkin plant stem caused by squash vine borer?
Eggplant/aubergine growing little tubular bits instead of leaves
Can I add paint to roundup, to see where I've been?
London garden lawn and tree positioning
What is this weed with 5 serrated edge whorl and runners?
What is this plant with a a green feathery flower head?
What is this plant with almost round leaves with radial veins?
What is this grass with seed heads like wheat?
Drip watering system drains water tank with inactive pump
Is something wrong with my Aloe Vera?
Can I harvest and plant vegetable seeds in the same season?
Is it worth treating non-germinating seeds, or should I just toss them? Watering new seeds?
New construction with sloped subsoil yard, best way to go about growing grass?
Are blossom end rot tomatoes edible?
What is this weed and how do I kill it without killing the grass?
Methods of Composting
Composting for Lazy People?
Need help with plant identification.
What is this mushroom and is it dangerous for my dog?
very thin seedlings
What is this plant?
Prune baby kumquat (citrus) tree
How do I have grass regrown on a lawn without restricting traffic?
Apple seeds have sprouted, when do I plant them in a pot
What species of aloe is this young start?
What is this tropical plant with woody vines and waxy leaves?
My potato plants don't seem to flower - when should I harvest them?
Repurposing this rhododendron
Rust spots on Japanese Maple
What are some vegetable plants to start from seed in July?
Twelve Weeks on and One Female Cucumber Flower
Should i prune tomato fruiting trusses?
Identify shrub with glossy leaves and dark color fruits
Is having moss in your terrarium similiar to a layer of activated charcoal?
How can I plant Little Bluestem seeds into burned out turf?
What is killing my rose and what is the antidote?
What is this white fungus like growth on my mango tree roots?
Cycas revoluta yellow leaves
What is killing my lavender?
How to help our tall cedar hedge grow thicker?
Dead branches and new growth on the same plant
Is this an Aloe kilifiensis?
How to get rid of wireworms in garden plot
What is this creeper that may be giving me a rash?
How do I remove one of two different plants growing in the same spot?
What is this bright yellow daylily with six narrow petals that curl at the ends?
What pest is this and how do I treat it?
Can you identify this plant, please?
How to crop rotate garlic?
Identify multi-stemmed thorny shrub with alternate ovate leaves
Can any one identify this shrub from these leaves pics?
What are these white spots on my Basil Leaves?
Amend soil with wood chips - is there anything to be aware of?
Watermelon leaves curled up and fruit were squishy. Is it normal?
What is this long, thin green pepper?
Base of flowering pear has its bark pulling away from the trunk
Is this a greengage?
What is this small white mushroom with textured tops found in Israel?
Scorpion Pepper growth
Are there any websites related to publish own's garderns' images/videos?
Why are mineral fertilizers not allowed in organic farming?
What type of berry is this?
Can a Sego Palm skip a growing season?
A single wild goose wont leave!
Identify mushroom found at the base of a red fir stump
Sowing Tiny Seeds
Never ending problems with my Crepe Myrtle
What is wrong with my Italian Cypress?
How much sulphur should be added to tomatoes?
Is Reinforced Polyethylene Construction Film safe for raised bed liners?
Help to identify this garden plant
Long lived plant identification
Will the yellow stain from prodiamine come off of white landscape stone?
Will potatoes in containers grow more potatoes?
Unusual plant identification
How to best/safely store my lawn mower outdoor without garage or shed?
Why are there small white organisms spreading to all of my indoor ferns leaves?
What is this mystery plant and should I pull it?
Another mystery to solve.....plant identification
Need help identifying invasive grass/weed in my landscaping + St Augustine grass (9A)
What is this tropical plant with speckled stems, shiny green leaves and orange flowers called?
Help identifying fern-like plant
What are the advantages and disadvantages of raised vegetable beds?
Dried up leaves on Red Maple trees
What is this succulent plant with pointed leaves that looks like a cross between agave and aloe?
Mysterious brown patch in our lawn
Can ginger grown in a garden landscape be used as an edible spice?
Foster germination in dry, hot weather
Old concrete posts
Huge tomato plants, but fruits stalled
Why do some of my comfrey plants have leaves curling over?
Lumpy oranges and pruning
Strange brown winged insect on nectarine
My chili's don't want to ripen
What needs to be considered when rerouting irrigation lines?
How to revive my bay tree after heat wave / drought?
What is eating the base of bell pepper plant?
Core aeration vs. liquid aeration
What to do about mealybug infested soil?
Young rhododendron with yellow and brown leaves
Recommendations for removing a plant from a perennial border
Did I remove enough roots from large area of shrubs and trees to grow lawn?
Are there any plants I should not grow near my rhododendrons?
Powdery mildew on oak (Erysiphe alphitoides?)
How to prune regrowth from a previously cut down tree?
Identify begonia with variegated leaves and pink margins
How do I get Climbing Onion (Bowiea volubilis) to sprout again?
Is there a difference between seeds that are for planting vs sprouting? If so, what are they?
What is the best way to raise a succulent using still aquaponics?
What are these strange egg like things?
First ever homegrown cucumber was bitter
What is this plant and how should I be taking care of it?
What is that yellow stuff growing next to my pineapple
How to get more shoots after pruning Yucca?
Why are some of these Yew bushes dying?
Mysterious beige seeds with a trough cleaved through them
What are these seed pods?
A conical white flower
How can I help my weak Aloe vera?
What is this bright red wrinkled pepper?
What is the larva in these nectarines?
Mango seedling has weak/curling leaves
What is the name of this Aloe looking plant?
What are mandrakes?
Brown Tips on Oregano Cuttings
Should I be worried about brown spots on my mint leaves?
Nyctanthes arbor-tristis tree branch breaking by itself
How long does it take for mint sprouts to grow true leaves?
What kind of grass is this? On the side of the road in SC
How to tie tree trunk and branches for support
Why are the leaves on my money tree droopy?
Importance of night in hydroponics?
How long can an Opuntia (prickly pear cactus) live?
What are these red translucent fruit?
What is this tree/shrub growing in my front yard?
Mowing newly seeded grass
Why are leaves turning yellow in a recently propagated pothos
Are these genuine bonsai?
What is this plant in my lawn?
What's growing next to my emu bush?
Is it a black soldier fly?
Is it safe to harvest these cabbage leaves?
Is this just a weed? If not, what is it?
What kind of houseplant is this? Long, narrow, variegated leaves
Are these plants Aloe or Gasteraloe?
Any ideas what came out of these?
Vanderwolf pine root rot
Growing "Laurus nobilis" in scandinavia
Remove lichen from sidewalk
Time to plant new shrubs and plants in New England
What's wrong with my Scarlet Oak tree?
I need help in identifying this house plant. I was told it was a begonia but?
What Is this round 1+ inch seed?
Can anybody identify this evergreen Clematis please ?
What's wrong with my "sonic bloom" weigela?
Kind of soap to use in shower?
Sealing cut branches with regular spray paint
How do I deal with neighbors palm tree hanging over my driveway/ cars, when it seems to leak or drop a sappy substance.
What is causing brown and yellow patches on the leaves of my bush beans?
Is this tomato blight?
Why did my potatoes not grow?
Can ficus root growth be controlled trimming the tree?
How can I plant this seed pod?
Is there anything wrong with my raspberry (heritage everbearing, zone 7)
Pepper plants developing strange leaves
How do I save my medinilla magnifica?
What is the following houseplant with thin stem and wrinkled leaves?
Moringa yellowing & leaf drop
What is a non invasive, large, structural species of Bamboo?
Shallow root thorny plant zone 6 (NE Indiana)
Raised bed for plumerias
When, and how far, to prune down a massive overgrown rhododendron?
Disease on a Pine tree? Or is it Bugs?
What is this short grassy plant with narrow, furry looking flower plumes? Is it safe for a cat to eat?
Young cherry tree features brown, curled, holed and loss of leaves
What is the species name of this red berried tree from Stellenbosch, Cape Town
What plant do these seeds belong to?
Japanese Maple: Overwatering or Underwatering?
Can I pick healthy unripe green tomatoes from a plant that has blossom end rot?
Identify Malaysian shrub with five-petaled white flowers and waxy lanceolate leaves
Any idea what this plant is?
What species of Sempervivum is this?
improving a privacy tree barrier
Help Identifying Basil Plant Problem
Why hasn't my 15 year old tamarind tree ever borne fruit?
Please help me identify this UK plant
My Dracaena reflexa (Song of India) is dying. Help!
What are the black creatures on my pumpkin leaves?
Can a person tell if a plant was grown hydroponically or in a soil medium
Brown spots on herbs - treatment and are they ok to eat?
I have a big rose outside that does not make flowers almost at all!
What are these marks on pepper leaves?
Is this poison sumac?
Can you cut and transplant clippings of Autumn Joy Sedum?
How do I eradicate Devll's walking stick (Aralia spinosa)?
Tomato plant leaves drying disease
What is wrong with this Shaina Japanese Maple
Identify clusters of small red and green berries with tripartite leaves
What is this parasite / mushroom / sickness on my crabapple tree?
Chinese Elm Bonsai lost leaves apart from a few, tried everything
Why is my bermuda grass dying in the sides of the house, but doing great in the middle?
How should I lift the umbrella on a white Crepe Myrtle tree?
Prickly Pear Cactus is growing what looks like rot (need help)
I was told this is a Sedum succulent. If so, what kind? There are so many!
Transplanting 7 foot (large ball) Balsam Fir and Black Hills Spruce, worried about transplant shock
Disease on peach fruit
My chilli plant is leaning away from the vertical, should I support it somehow?
Tree with exfoliating bark and ovate leaves
Indoor Peace Lily soil suddenly covered in white spots
What bugs are these that are infesting my pieris and what do I do about it?
Can I use ladybug larvae to get rid of aphids?
Large excretion of sap from Austrian Pine
Organic Gardening: Best Practices
Asian box caterpillar
What's the best way to water an orchid that grows on coconut husk?
What is this slug-like creature?
Core aerate, top dress, and overseed in the fall
Mulch that doesn't wash away
What wild water plant is this? Is there a domesticated versions?
Tactics to reduce raccoon poop in garden
What causes widening in the stem of a lucky bamboo?
Succulent Disease Identification (kalanchoe beharensis)
Broccoli seedlings are way too tall but thin and weak
Are these 'fluffy' cacti healthy?
Please help indentify this rose
Can I Combine Pre-emergents
Spider Identification and Control
Can I put a one minute delay on my hose so I don't get wet when the sprinkler turns on?
deciphering growing lights specifics
Red insects/eggs on chilli pepper leaves
Will a scion with removed leaves dry earlier than the one with leaves on?
Pomegranate splitting: Why is it happenning and how to prevent this
How to avoid Fungus attack on seeds
Will my squash ripen off the vine?
Will a Thanksgiving Cactus Be Ok with 1-7-6 fertilizer?
Box tree turns bright yellow
How can I help my permaculture garden that's being overpowered by weeds?
How to make a plastic bottle sun resistant for DIY watering irrigation
Is this root rot?
What is the meaning of "leaves do not run down the stem" when identifying plants?
My basil is "rotting", here's all the clues I have gathered
Can I safely store and/or use greywater in my garden?
Identification of shrub with variegated leaves and white flowers
Identity and give care instructions for mammillaria cactus
What are these plants?
Identify this dead cactus - like a cleistocactus strausii, but super-dwarf?
Need help identifying these plants, please!
Is this seedling a Black Pine which I can use to grow a Black Pine Bonsai tree?
What's a good variety of decorative grass for indoors and balcony?
What is this daisy with narrow white petals and a yellow center, that the local deer won't eat?
Biodegradable material that keeps the termites away
Can I do anything about horse chestnut leaf miner?
How much accumulated rain within 24 hours is considered a "normal" watering for grass?
Soil test came back. I need help
What is this cluster?
What species cactus is this?
Lotus leaves dying
How to prune our willow
How do I use a suggested spray for white fungus on my pumpkin plants?
Quickest pumpkin variety and advice on fast growth
What is the name of this ivy?
Is this succulent coppertone?
Blue/Green fuzz on Peach Pits
What is this big caterpillar in my yard?
Re-planting roses / create new hybrid
What disease is causing yellow bumpy leaves to travel down my sugar baby watermelon plant?
This basil plant has strange spots (almost shiny?) and I can't figure them out
Did we somehow accidentally plant an oak tree on our balcony?
Is this a dracaena?
Why is one of my pineapple plants thriving and the other isn't?
What is this black and red bug?
Automatic Watering System for VERY small pots and seedlings?
What plants will bloom in the fall in my yard in Seattle?
What are these fruits / berries from the Rocky Mountain National Park?
Sterilize parking strip
Will chives produce a good yield indoors if I transplant them from outside?
My ficus tree is not growing anymore
What's the difference between old style pressure treated wood vs newer dark stained versions
What is more important: lumens or PAR value?
Leaves of Alcea turning white after planting
Poison Ivy Removal
Is this normal for Succulent propagation
how to fix a weedy lawn
What are these weeds and how can I get rid of them?
What's this type of Bonsai?
Sprouting 4 Oclocks
Penstemon in our garden
Please ID succulents and their hardiness zone to survive winter
What is this plant that has light trumpet-shaped flowers and smells great?
Can you have a shade-loving plant under full sun?
Do you uproot plants in a no dig garden with mulch
How to separate seeds from chaff (husk)?
What is the garden wire used for?
How can large Sassafras trees be dug and transplanted?
What is the name of this plant
How to save my Kalanchoe blossfeldiana
What palm tree is this?
Keep potted Cardinal Climber plants through the winter?
Carnation true leaves are not growing
What are the purple streaks and splotches in my peach tree leaves?
Why would a broccoli plant have grey patches on only a single leaf?
Why does my Mathilda hydrangea have an old green flower and a new purple one on the same stem?
Broad Beans — Flowers dying and not fruiting
Spring onion regrowth and seeding
Blueberry bush not looking very lively
Slugs and snails eating lettuce?
White insect attack on pepper plant
Boy this rubber tree has issues
Recommendations for Best Trimming/Edging Equipment
What plant is this ; white /pink flowers grow from leaf margin
Pittosporum plants dying
Orange and Black bugs on balloon plant
Delosperma (Ice Plant) indoors during winter
What plants/trees will help (or hinder) bind a river bank together?
Caring tips for a new lawn
When to prune house plants that live outside in the warm season?
Vine specific pruning and training
Identify a Pennsylvania weed with alternate lanceolate leaves
Identifying fleas in my garden
Identification of white flower with four petals
Should I bury my blackberry/raspberry canes in mulch over winter?
How can I encourage the side growth of a mango seedling through pruning?
Does it hurt to add salt to fermenting seeds?
Identification - Plant growing next to my bonsai?
How can I control umbrella grass?
Help identifying a bug that's attacking my Mimosa pudica
What is this rambling/climbing plant with small leaves?
What mediterranean tree should I plant so my grandkids could build a tree house in a few years?
How to remove spikes from Echinacea purpurea seeds?
What Fertilizer should I use on an Autumn Blaze Maple
What are the spots in my leaves?
When should I plant parsnips in Boston?
Can mint survive indefinitely in water?
What is this tomato disease?
What is this Bean Sprout looking plant?
Improve drainage of lawn and boggy border
ID please and hardiness zone
What is wrong with these pine trees?
Are these signs of tree trouble?
What caterpillar is this?
Help me treat a chili plant against white fungus/insect
What is this plant with opposite leaves, dark stems and dark leaf venation?
Jade tree trunk cut?
Looking for exact name of Grass weeds
What is happening to my strawberry plants?
Ideas for bushes or shrubs greater than 6 feet that will grow in partial shade against a building in Zone 2-3?
What are these divots (holes) in the mulch?
Caring for a Japanese Maple
What is the name of this succulent?
Sickly snake plant
What kind of plant/bush/whatever is this?
What-if anything-is wrong with my raspberry?
Red Cypress Chips and their effect on soil
Cedar tree bark damaged by storm
What is this succulent looking creeping houseplant with sort of toothy leaves?
For lawn, does fertilizing average soil make loam or topsoil less necessary?
Identify this plant with leaves that look like hemlock
What is this resilient plant that prefers shade and little water?
Why are my germinating mimosa pudicas dying?
Cotton-Like Disease on Fallen Limb
Onion weed and soil sourness
Can I plant cilantro with roots on it that I bought in the grocery section of a store?
Spots on lemons
What is causing a section of this ornamental apple tree to lose its leaves and grow moss?
How can I transplant wild ground cherries into garden beds?
What is this succulent with 4 stacks of leaves?
Vegetable Boxes on Concrete Deck w/ Slope?
Taking care of mint with bent stems
What's the name of this pear cultivar? (green skin with brown coating)
What type of bonsai tree do I have
Peace Lily damage! Please help!
What is this ground cover weed similar to Galenia
What is this large leaved young tree (US midwest region)?
Ground is rising up next to patio
Identify this plant
Blackberry Old Growth on Primocanes Dying
Please identify this flowering plant
How do I reliably deactivate weed seeds that I've gathered?
Recommendations for how to equip a small home greenhouse?
My Rubber plant lost all its leaves!!! Can it be saved?
Disposing wood after heavy pruning
Round 2 For Mint Cuttings. Any Tips?
Identify this sapling tree
Can this chilli plant be identified from leaf shape and size? It has started to bud, but no flowers or fruit yet
What are traditional English flowers to plant on the edge of a wooded stream?
How should I plant snowdrops along a long driveway?
What is this mushroom?
Pruning "Dead" Indeterminate Tomato Plant
Will dead pine needles on top of new grass seed prevent the grass seed from germinating?
What are these white with black caterpillars eating Petunias in Albuquerque, New Mexico?
Why did my cilantro leaves get white and patchy?
How to paint a cut off branch on a spruce tree?
Tree Biology, identify tree by the roots
Edible, indoor, winter plants. What lights? (and other advice)
Identify this tree growing at Stellenbosch University
What is Horticultural Grit?
What is this bush/shrub?
Can an orchid be revived with no roots?
Will tomatoes on the vine ripen without direct light?
Cypress becoming brown
What is this strongly scenting ground covering weed?
What is this giant grub looking thing?
Restoring a damaged lawn
Is this a Jacaranda or a Silk Tree or something else?
Which tomato cultivars feature wrinkles?
If one cuts the flower off a fruit tree, will a new flower/fruit grow in its place?
Making a leylandii hedge more bushy and thick
Can I prevent the leaf loss from my fern?
What are the chances to get an edible apple from a tree grown from seed?
Tree identification
Can you help identify the kind of squash?
Condition for coffee plant to produce indoors
What to do with this Bromeliad?
Are these Holly tree leaves affected by White Mildew?
Identify plant, and what to do with rocks
Dark and light core plugs after aeration
How to manage fruit-trees blooming for the second time in autumn?
Hand-digging vs Tree-spade: When should you use one method over the other?
What are good sources of "browns" for composting?
Removing blooms from these unidentified Bromeliads?
Advise from experienced farmers
pill bugs in raised beds
Plant growing out of the pot into the ground
What is this succulent with textured grey-green foliage?
What is this tiny pink flower in lawn?
How can I control mint in the garden?
Glyphosate accident on lawn, how to repair?
Should I try planting my plant in soil?
How common are double dicotyledons?
Dawn Redwood Bonsai Forrest Issue
Help is my cactus is dying, can it be saved
Succulent spreading outward, Exposed roots
Brown tips of peace lily?
What to do with a plant that can't support its own weight?
Fungi by a passiflora plant - identification
Are certified seed potatoes needed every year?
Peace lily wilted inexplicable
Tomato branches curling
Will freezing kill basil seeds?
Anyone know what this flower is?
Mounting Air Plants and commonly used terrarium substrate safeness
Narrow-leaved prunus laurocerasus wants to become wide-leaved! What to do?
Should Camellias bloom in the northern hemisphere in early October?
what kind of fruit is this?
What is this tiny black insect found on my cacti?
What is this chilli plant?
Are my bananas safe to eat after being flooded by Harvey?
How to limit static electricity on my new seed sieve?
Would a Crinkle Crankle (Serpentine) Wall be strong enough to sit on?
Acer platanoides vs Acer pseudoplatanus
How to prune a citrus tree?
What is this fungus/mushroom on my oak tree?
Tomatoes and pepper plants dropping flowers
Staking an Orange Tree
Will reflected light, from a mirror, work on plants?
How to maximize the fruit yield in a small garden
Bagger or leaf blower?
What method should I use to have success propagating pothos?
What has caused stunted growth of my Peace lily?
What is this variety of African violet, which has a tubular white with purple flower?
Is this pineapple plant dead?
What is this plant with rosette leaf arrangement that grew beside my palm?
Will mulch on top of exposed tree roots cause rot?
Should I use weed block for a tree mulch ring?
Storing potting soil and reusing the next year
Why do some plants bend their leaves close by night?
Ground cherries have dirt on them
Moved tree nursery in Fall, new area has heavy deer browse, how to protect the baby trees?
What's this flower with many long pink petals?
What is this low-growing weed with narrow stems and yellow flowers, and how do I exterminate it?
Planting too many seeds in small pot
Sweet potato leaf disease?
Little light-green / yellow spots on my avocado plant leaf
How to combat a disease taking over my Ficus Religiosa tree
Which type of fruit is this
Can we regrow chopped purple poui tree
Insect identification, what is this thing?
What is this ornamental conifer and is it dying?
Tulsi/ basil leaves turning yellow
What are the curled darkened areas on maple leaves?
Can I fix my metabo hedge trimmer myself?
Is this a pest moth or friendly butterfly?
What is the best grafting knife?
What is this the correct name for this skinny-pergola type structure?
How to treat a Beaucarnea recurvata wounded at the base of the trunk?
How do I eliminate weeds in established play area?
Soil nutrient replacement, bamboo question
Does this bird cause any harm to the garden?
What is this smallish tree with waterfall of berries in the autumn?
What is it called when picking the produce the farmers are not collecting?
What is the deficiency in my Thailand ginger plant?
What is this tree with twisted bark, fern-like leaves and bright red flowers?
Root diameter and size of tree
Which fruits and vegetables can feature russeting?
Why is my chilli seedling dying?
Using asiatic jasmine for ground cover/weed control in shrub bed
Do ground cherries ripen after picking?
Identify a woody plant from Eastern Missouri that causes a skin rash
How aggressively can you prune chilli plants?
Passionfruit Plant Dropping Leaves
What are some low maintenance evergreens for an east facing partly-shaded bed?
Walnut leaves in compost - yes or no?
Resurrecting my almost dead house plant
How to deal with grapefruit holes
What's the name of this raised wooden box structure around a tree on the sidewalk?
Baby pinus indentification
What is this succulent with a tall flower spike with green pods in the UK?
Is it wise to let lonicera grow over a brush pile?
Maintaining Moisture in an Above Ground Bed
Multiple Cast Iron Plant rhizomes (Aspidistra Elatior) in same pot?
What variety of cedar is this in Puget Sound region?
English name of "Verde Doncella" (Spanish) apple cultivar
What kind of tree is this and what should I do with it?
Can I put my Aloe vera plant in a room without a window?
What are the ideal germination conditions for herbs and leafy greens?
Identify this indoor plant
Avocado stem stops after 1- 2 cm
Plumeria Leaf discoloration and falling off
Cabbage leaves closed
How long do sunflower seeds stay viable?
Why remove dead leaves from plants?
'Nicoline' and 'Crimson and Gold' - differences?
What sort of foundation does a Serpentine wall need
Why are the south side leaves gone before the north side leaves? - Ray wood ash
Tips on how to revive writing on a plastic label?
Can I grow an October Glory maple tree in a small area?
I liked the plant I spotted in the city - but what is it?
Can I leave a second, 2 spike phalaenopsis orchid attached to the parent plant for now?
Brown Tips on Ficus Ginseng Leaves
How do I figure out what pest is eating my strawberries?
What is the tall plant in these photos?
Tilling the garden at the end of the year.
Hardiness database
Blacking of peace lily
What's the name of this striped eggplant cultivar?
Koi Pond Needs Emptied due to safety issues
Take care of gap in lawn before winter or wait until spring?
Is every pea a potential seed?
What is the right plant for obscuring a neighbour's second story window?
What kind of pest is this and how do I deal with it
Does my Philodendron have warts?
Can a topworked female pistachio tree be pollinated by grafting a male bud or scion?
Books about medical and culinary herb growing and processing
How to move a bare root plant from one place to another?
Recommendations for climbers that'll climb by a walnut tree
Propagating loniceras for beginners
I left Car. Reaper seedlings in the tray for 51 days, did I leave them in too long?
Is this potted plant with long, narrow, pointed leaves a dracaena?
What's the name of this unknown succulent?
Bacon Avocado as Root Stock
Is loose-leaf cabbage just as prone to cabbage worms as headed cabbage?
Carnation photoperiod responsive stage?
Yellowish, brown and burning of leaves of greenhouse cucumber,according to fallen flowers without producing fruit
What's that flower!
Tahitian Lime tree leaves eaten?
What is this tree with bark that has diamond-shaped ridges?
Is my avocado plant looking healthy?
Planting yucca seed sprouts
Prevent green parrots dominating the bird feeder
What causes deformed Spathiphyllum leaves?
Help identifying giant spurge like plant from Kew Gardens, Uk
What are these succulents in a decorative pot?
English name of “Marmalin” (Spanish) tomato cultivar
Help identifying a herb scented similar to thyme in Australia
What type of grow light should I buy for young citrus seedlings
What's the name of this small, round, light green squash?
order of actions to revive and maintain (or re-purpose) abandoned orchard
What's the name and purpose of this metallic frame at the base of a tree?
What's the name of this small square tree fence at the base of the tree?
Pomegranate aphids or something else
Flower bed pine straw edging question
Dwarf water lettuce turning white and yellow
What to do with tomatillo and chilli plants in winter?
What can be done with hazelnut shells?
What is this fruiting shrub found on the banks of a brackish pond on Long Island, NY?
Can I use a horizontal 2x4 to brace a 3 wire trellis?
Growing Pinus pinea in zone 8a - possible?
How to reduce the growth of moss on the ground and on the tree?
Should I account for seasons when growing inside only?
Apple plant abnormal leaves
What is the white residue spreading across my dracaena and how do I treat it?
What's the name of this small purple eggplant cultivar?
Can cabbage worms (Pieris brassicae) smell cabbages from a distance?
Two grafts needed for weeping mulberry - is it true, and why?
Vitex negundo - Unintentional Pruning of tree
Planting magnolia tree a little 'high'
Can I overwinter a banana tree on an unheated sun porch?
What plant is this upright shrub with gorgeous fall color?
Pros and cons of different types of staking
How to propagate japanese maple from this street (mutant?) specimen?
My Avocado’s leaf are turning brown
Bulb planting depth
How does the T budding grafting method provide contact between the cambium layers?
What's the correct name for this raised tree bed?
What is this indoor plant which has dark green leaves that curl up and over as they grow?
Does a sprinkler or spray nozzle increase the PSI exerted on a garden hose?
Getting flower bed ready for planting next year
8' wood fence vs 6' block wall to reduce noise in yard
Is there any way to recover drooped/folded leaves?
How can I fix these light spots in my lawn?
Plant identification (wild sorrel or clover)
Indoor durian started do dry out
Effect of old rotting roots on soil and new plants?
Burnt appearance on maple
Phoenix Canarienses going brown and dying
What edible plants can be grown in cold climates?
Areca Palm pest identification
Patching the lawn by adding seeds and then soil over the bald patches - when?
Designing cherry laurel grove
What is this skinny black caterpillar with brown on the head and tail and a stripe on the back?
Avocado leaf problem
Lily leaves are turning yellow, the old flowers have gone to seed. Advice on how to bring it back to health?
Amelanchier canadensis vs Aronia melanocarpa
Which soil types are the best and worst thermal insulators?
What privacy hedge plants create little shade?
How should I grow mexican sunflowers (Tithonia) from seed?
Brown spots around the veins on a hot pepper plant's leaves
Chilli plant - Why is my pruned stem still dying back?
Removing hawthorn sap from cars
Indoor plant is looking sickly
What tool is most suitable for this task?
Thyme (Black up curled tipped leaves)
What causes dark brown spots on guava fruit?
How should I grow Cornus sanguinea with respect to surrounding ground covering?
Why would my citrus tree have dying twigs, burrowing insects and black scale?
Do I remove the garlic flower?
Need help determining houseplant's problem
Rescuing an apple tree in Arizona
Cycad - Zamia fischeri - large chunk from caudex
What is eating the leaves of my rubber plant?
Is there an optimum time to mow the lawn?
When is the winter period for plants kept in a country with no winter (or a constant room temperature)?
What's the difference between Berberis Thunbergii cultivars 'Golden Ring' and 'Coronita'?
Red bugs, tiny webs and white powder on Tulsi plant
Avocado Tree Has Damage on Trunk
What is this incredibly efficient ground cover?
Help identify this tree
What plants can I grow in an air-tight jar?
Cupressocyparis with double leader
What is this plant with flowers in subtle shades of red?
First Time Hydroponics, Cloudy Water with White stuff on top? Is this bad? High Res pics
Ants and white fluff on my citrus tree leaves
Abies koreana molli - diseased?
Cleaning the outside of a black concrete fountain
Can I Repot a Jade tree in December?
Mushroom growing, when to harvest champignons?
Herb identification (Possible Satureja viminea)
Juniperus virginiana and producing berries
What is the exact latin name of these juniperus cultivars?
Sick Elderberry help
Do olives need darkness? How much?
Is maral root useful as a companion plant?
Is it ok to have a raised garden bed next to a house?
Root rot in Pseudotsuga
How quickly do I need to plant bare-root silver birch trees in winter?
How many years does it take to grow a tree big enough for firewood?
Why are the leaves on my peach tree sapling wilting and dropping off?
What is this succulent called? Got it from japan
How and when should I prune Acer shirasawanum?
Indoor LEDs: Recommended Light Levels for Vegetables, Herbs, etc
Can I prune a grape vine in near-freezing weather?
When are 'chocolate' peppers ripe?
What is this decorative flower (or membrane) (or seed) (or leaf) (or fruit)?
Are these spots on my office plant bad?
Can a Japanese Maple Tree be Tapped for Sap to be Used in Syrup?
Plants for fighting with smog?
How should I prune my persimmon tree that has a lot of thin branches growing upward?
Is there a type of garden shredder that can handle leaves, branches and wet materials?
Habit of Clethra alnifolia 'Pink Spires' (aka summersweet)
Why are the leaves of my Mexican flamevine changing color?
Hydrangea's allelopathic effects on crops?
Revitalizing two old plums
Name that bug: Mites on an indoor hibiscus plant
French Drain Below or Above Retaining Wall?
What's the English translation for "Tomate Canario"?
What's the name of this blue tomato cultivar?
Why do my african marigolds have long stems and few blooms?
What is the cultivar name of this golden-leaved juniperus?
Planting moderately acidophilic plant under the rain downspout
Pinus pinea close to the house
Unknown Fruit Vine (reddish purple fruit, hollow inside)
Is there a way to kill the mold on soil surface in pots?
I think mice have been eating my air plant. Can I save it?
How can I improve drainage in a rainy area lawn with little manual labour?
What's this green stuff on my soil?
What's the English translation for “Tomate Cherry Dulcemiel”?
I would like to know if it is possible to plant trees in a difficult spot
Insect - Name of the insect
Dark spots on dieffenbachia leaves
Can these plants survive spring floods?
What is growing on my pots and soil?
Getting maple syrup from V shaped maple
Designing small conifer compositions
What is this plant growing out of a building?
Can cherries be coppiced or cut at 1.20m, and stay alive?
How does tree sap go up
What should I consider before vacuum-sealing seeds for storage?
How to avoid damaging waterlogged lawn in winter?
My Areca Palm is dying
Is this houseplant with flowers that have pink petals and a yellow center, and reddish stems, an impatiens?
Should I redo this pruning cut?
What is this ornamental tree with coarsely serrated leaves?
How effective is a phosphonate treatment for phytophthora dieback?
What house plants or flowers act like a dehumidifier
How old should a seed-grown Passiflora ligularis be to set fruit?
Are these growths on my houseplant roots?
Is there a way to help a stunted Euonymus europaeus grow more?
Making boggy ground less boggy and planting trees
Is it possible to calculate how much Oxygen plants release indoors
What is causing yellow discoloration on the leaves of my Camellia?
Grow oyster mushrooms in vacuum cleaner bags?
Please help me ID this bonsai?
Why is my mango seed turning green but not sprouting?
Potatoes left in the soil for winter
How to attract white stork (Ciconia ciconia) to a garden?
How to transition among compost stages in a multi-stage bin
Root collar excavation cost
Palm tree droppings, sap and seeds
Please help me identify this tree
If the tree roots must be reduced, is it wise to reduce the crown too?
Cat safe colorful indoor plant?
Can I use this run off for a pond
Basil plants turned completely woody and brown
Can you explain this shape of a trunk?
Pet Burial Plant Suggestions
Kiwi plant dry leaves and white spots
Should I remove or leave the plastic around the trunk of my new tree?
How to prune this Apple tree
Magnolia grandiflora planted and looking stressed
Silver birch has leaves falling off
Are poinsettia poisonous?
Help with tomato pest problem
How can you tell if a ponytail palm tree is dying?
What's this insect on my cauliflowers?
Plant identification please of tree growing on my verge, and looks like an egg plant
Is the trunk of this honeysuckle in danger of being strangled?
The bluest conifer of all time
How do you plant shallots?
Funny looking new leaves
Pruning weeping mulberry into wild-looking crown
Plant identification - starfish shape flowers
How should I store wildflower seeds embedded in a piece of cotton, for several months before planting?
Small parasite wasps around the soil
Good plants, trees and grass to grow in order to lock the ground together
Do eaten leaves on a guava tree mean the tree needs help?
Would turning the compost actually slow down compost decomposition?
Mixed ground covers - best care
Converting Allamanda Blanchetii from vine to shrub
Should I make a mini-greenhouse for my temperature-sensitive bonsai?
Why is there Mold growing on top of my dirt?
Best way of pruning Cardinal Creeper
What are the essential differences in growing plants in soil vs pots?
Can I grow a mini-sized date plant from a fresh seed?
Can biochar be created effectively in a cast iron bath?
Are these sunchoke insects friend or foe?
What flower is this?
What is this houseplant with glossy oval leaves, and how should I care for it?
Planting Seeds in the Winter in Georgia (USA)
Hibiscus problems
Why are the leaves dying on my Ctenanthe?
What is wrong with my indoor cherry tomato plant?
Are kaki more stable than apple when planting seeds of market's fruits?
Drosera / Sundew not eating
Which plant is this
Is my neighbor's tree infected with something that could spread to my tree?
What are these tiny animals on my oyster mushrooms?
I got green mold in my oyster mushroom bag, what to do?
Rosemary plant turned brown
Rainbird DIY vs Professional irrigation system
Why does my chilli plant have wrinkled leaves?
Why does one lemon seedling out of a large group have dry withering leaves?
How to Revive my Lemon Tree?
How to get pests off of Rosemary?
Please identify this tree
My dracaena reflexa suddenly lost all its leaves and turned yellow
Plant identification: Small Pink flower on evergreen plant ~2"x2"x2"
What is happening to our potato plants? (going black, wilting)
What companion plants will help the growth of young pines?
What to do with surplus thuja leaves after pruning?
Is the fragrant substance in chopped Thuja leaves harmful to human skin?
What is this evergreen oval-leaved shrub?
When to harvest lettuce seeds
How to obtain the inoculant for Lespedeza thunbergii?
When does Ivy become dangerous or harmful up a tree
Aloe cutting from hardwood
The correct way to prune a rosemary
Calathea mix - brown leaf edges
WILL any of these products dissolve roots clogging up my plumbing?
How do I know when to take butternut off the vine?
Do mosquitoes breed in the water caught by succulents?
What is this purple-leafed (potted) plant?
Lifespan of a tree grown from a cutting
Multiple hedge planting
What is this shrub on the Gulf Coast?
How serious is this stem problem of my dwarf peach tree
How old is this tree
Why are the new leaves of my peace lily smaller than old ones?
How to speed up composting of large amounts of leaves inside plastic bags?
How closely should herbs be spaced?
Dill, cilantro, and fennel cross pollinating
What is the name of these palms?
Do walnut trees grow in rain forests?
How much light do I need to grow peppermint indoors?
Are these mealybugs and how do I treat them?
What is the name of this plant with large and lush leaves?
Why are some of my pumpkin plants wilting, and showing what looks like stem rot?
Building raised flower bed
If you have multiple chilli plants in one pot and one dies or you kill it, does this affect the other plants?
What are the brown spots on my apples?
Why are my anthurium leaves rapidly turning yellow?
Gummosis and girdling
What's the proper soil composition for growing Bursera fagaroides?
What kind of green flower is this?
How close together should I plant laurels and how fast will they grow?
Lemon plant dropping and browning leaves (indoors)
Is it harmful for birds to have a house hanging on a walnut tree?
Identify bonsai & maintenance advice for total beginner
Egg shells and peanut casings in pot soil
Is it possible to plant vegetables just in compost without soil added?
Cutting banana tree without harming it
Can I remove half the branches from this sycamore?
What is this purple flowering serrated-leaf succulent?
Is it safe to use herbicide without clear withholding period?
Aloe Vera Plant drooping
Are these trees by the river maples, or liquidambars, or...?
Berry identification help please
Is Prunus padus really so toxic?
What type of tree has these purple berries
What is proper way of disposing weed treated with herbicides?
Should i use rocks in a (VERY) large container for gardening? (no drainage)
Is this plant Aloe vera?
What's wrong with my banana tree?
Is it normal that heat mats for plants do *not* have 3-prong, grounded plugs?
What's wrong with my Monstera deliciosa?
What do I do with cover crops before planting vegetables in a raised bed?
Please Help Me Identify Mystery Seed
What is this small insect with a rounded brown head burrowing into my rhododendron?
What kind of Dieffenbachia is this?
What is this succulent with cylindrical leaves?
How to approach liquidambar with respect to pruning?
Sterilise or pasteurise oyster mushroom substrate, why not microwave?
Why are my Dracaena Fragrans leaves browning from the base?
How close can I plant flowering cherry trees to a garden wall?
Can I prune an indoor avocado tree all the way back to stem?
1/4 of my Christmas palm dead, do I cut or leave alone?
Posts for a fence line raised garden
Vermicompost Consumption Rates
How does one create a sparse canopy?
Tofu as a growing medium?
Can I plant English Walnuts on earth berms above poorly draining clay soil?
What is causing only 1/6 of my chilli plants in deep water culture to wilt?
Does this Tangelo look root bound?
Anybody know what kind of chili plant this is? Is it dead or can I revive it?
Poison Ivy-like house plant identification?
When a flowering plant isn't currently flowering, what is that state or phase called?
What is wrong with my cactus? (Red spots)
Houseplant ident
What mushrooms can I grow on kitchen waste?
Can my lavender be saved?
Cabbage : Are these cabbages different
Help with apartment gardening and lighting mainly concerning bougainvillea
Why does my nectarine tree have rotting fruit around seed?
Lettuce - DLI recommendation day 1-14 with full spectrum led
How competitive is the oyster mycelium mushroom?
Can I plant garlic in the spring?
Identify a Plant, that killed the original small tree
Know what this plant is?
What is the pictured hedge shrub?
Rabbits ate the blueberry shrubs I planted right down to the ground. Will the shrubs grow back?
Another dying Meyer lemon tree
Differences between arugula and wild arugula
How to prevent midges proliferation on indoor plants?
Plant recommendation for gift for kindergarten students
How long is bacillus thuringiensis active?
How to increase or decrease the ph level of a hydroponic solution with natural household items?
Definitions (criteria/requirements) of "organic" growing throughout the world
PPFD vs general sunlight requirements
Daffodil Bulbs Planting in Winter
Root rot in indoor plants
Cauliflower : What is happening to these curds?
What should I do about a tree that is growing over my retaining wall?
If I cut a 3" tree root, and one side drips, which way is the tree?
What is this shrub
What is this dense erect sculpture-like bluish conifer?
Citrus tree deficiency or toxicity
NO fruit on my Hybrid orange/lemon tree
What type of soil should I use with fruit trees?
Is it safe growing vegetables in a soil that has plastic fragments?
Newer watering system lacks pressure
How to turn a field of high grass/shrub into lawn or food forest?
Can someone identity this succulent pictured
What is the value of magnolias for birds?
What are good pollinator flowers that you need to only seed once
What plants will help with our midge and mosquito problem?
Do I need to prune my leaning Meyer
Machinery/instruments to clear/trim vegetation on a sloping medium-sized section
Basics of Bonsai?
Magnolia grandiflora: How is flowering affected in case of propagation by layering?
Maranta leuconeura (prayer plant) leaves going brown and dying
Buying dwarf Cavendish banana tree online?
What's the common and scientific name of this plant?
What plant is this, and why is it dying?
rosemary indoors: wrong kind of sand?
Is there any Tyvac like moisture permeable greenhouse film available?
What is afflicting this sick Bay Laurel (Laurus Nobilis) -- and how do I fix it?
Is this pineapple dying?
Are my Bell Pepper seeds showing signs of germination?
Is my Kalanchoe healthy?
Planting Meyer Lemon in shade from fence until the tree grows taller
What is the prognosis for Camellia japonica with 90% of leaves removed?
What is this tree with purple flowers?
Can rhododendrons be cut back?
A hedge for my working place? (indoor)
What's the best way to eliminate/deter rats from a garden without harming squirrels?
What is this small plant with tiny yellow flowers?
Pruning clippers covered in copper - curse, blessing, or neglibable for plant propagation?
Can a cut mint root grow into a plant?
Cactus with brown and white spots. What is the problem?
Grass preparation (base)
Is it possible to plant iris seeds in early spring?
Should this Magnolia grandiflora be pruned?
How do you measure soil temperature?
Concerns with breathing in fine particles from soil
Will this Cherry tomato sprout ever grow its first leaves?
What is this bush/plant?
Is it time to repot my chili plants?
How to properly seed bomb a particular area with drones?
Is that Bishop's weed the president is sitting in?
How do I properly amend soil in pots I used last year to grow tomatoes/peppers in Ohio?
different types of soil sensors?
Help identify an insect on a cactus
Is it ok to screw nesting boxes to trees?
What is the best temperature to germinate Haworthiopsis limifolia seeds?
Grow baby/dward bananas from pots?
What kind of flowers are these seeds from?
What should I do with broken leafs?
Need help identifying brown and white spots
How warm should soil be for propagation of hardwood black currant cuttings?
What is this medicinal plant?
Is it possible to grow bell pepper from store-brought bell peppers?
Question about pruning and health of Orange tree
In general can hardwood cuttings be stored, and how?
Why isn't my self-watering planter wick carrying water all the way up beyond the dirt line?
Temperature on the radiator
Limit of size difference between parents of hybrid plants: Aloaceae
What is wrong with this Strawflower?
Are these weeds or bougainvillea seedlings?
Do mice eat fava plants?
Crassula tetragona losing leaves
Can I get a productive nut tree in the north of England?
Tanalised beds dilemma
Starting on a Grassy lawn in time for Spring?
Can someone help me identify this bonsai sprout?
Flourishing Venus Flytrap: Special needs?
Clementine seed results
Is there a limit how many branches I can graft onto a mature apple tree?
When to repot vegetables into normal earth?
Scale on plant in office: how to treat?
Handling Compost with Bare Hands?
Is 60w LED enough light for 0.25m2?
Why are lower tomato leaves like these?
Why can it be that a green bell pepper plant just grows a single pepper with all the rest falling?
Bring pachysandra back to life
Does anyone know what type of chilli plant this is?
Reviving a lawn, needing some specifics on grass and ID
Redwood Bonsai Trees leaves issue?
What is this bush/shrub that has thorns?
Growing multiple pepper plants in one pot vs just one plant per pot
Something unidentifiable grew up in my garden
White and brown spots on cacti
White spots and patches that look like mold in water tank used to water plants automatically
How to get rid of worms in containers?
What should I do before using dried up bagged potting soil?
Are Majorana hortensis and Origanum majorana the same plant?
What are the right tools and techniques to dig a hole in stony or heavily rooted ground?
Best way to grow Lion's Mane mushrooms?
What kind of a plant is this and is it parasitic?
Will oyster mushrooms eat my cupboard?
How much space is needed between fruit tree canopies?
Is it possible to create miyawaki fruit tree forest?
Mystery Impatiens ID
What is the yellow-green succulent with red tips in this succulent group?
What is the rope-like succulent in this succulent group?
What is the spiky red-tinged succulent in this succulent group?
What is the succulent with all the leaves coming from the same centre in this succulent group?
What is the turquoise-green succulent in this succulent group?
What is the flower-like succulent in this succulent group?
What is the succulent with small opposite red-tipped leaves in this succulent group?
Lifetime of a Poinsettia
Does anyone know what’s wrong with my Areca Palm?
Why is my avocado plant drooping and looking weak?
Help identifying this dark color moss
Plant recommendation for travelling student
Help identifying this light color moss
Growing healthy, bushy, dark green redwoods
Is this a coleus plant?
Saving cyclamen frozen in pots outside?
What to do with these black-eyed Susan seedlings?
What is this dark green succulent?
Growing Avocado from Pit
Triage and identification for an orphanned plant
Texas weed identification
How to straighten my Scindapsus Aureum (moss stick)
First time home owner, leaky basement, and a poorly graded yard.
Nursing my green buttonwood back to health
Black spots peace lily
What will be the best tree who gives shade and attract birds for boundary wall in Rajasthan's climate
Black spots on areca palm stem
How to create some privacy planting to hide neighbours balcony
What is this plant and and how to care for it?
Can "Attic Insulation" vermiculite be used in the garden?
Testing Soil with rapid-test by luster leaf
How to bend a large avocado tree branch
String drip system while summer away for 1 month
What are differences between Echinacea purpurea and Echinacea angustifolia?
Robellini Palm oozing Brown oil
What is the correct way of placing echinacea seed in soil?
How large a tree can be "bare-rooted" for planting?
How can I relocate my cherry tree?
Why are my Sprinkler's no longer rotating?
Will oyster mushrooms eat cooking oil?
What is this flower-like succulent with hair on the tips?
Cactus turning white/brown/yellow
What's this cactus with tongue like leaves?
What is it best way of starting Eryngium giganteum umbelliferae from seed?
What is this houseplant with oval, shiny, dark green leaves, and how can I care for it?
Trying to grow Chillis with a LED Grow Lamp
Can someone help me identify this tree?
How can I shape bougainvilleas on a trellis?
What are the white and black spots on the under side of my chilli leaves?
Flower Identification (Anthurium ?)
What is this plant
What's happened to this zucchini?
What is this tropical plant?
Why am I getting some white, bleached leaves on my miltoniopsis?
Japanese Maple Prognosis?
Is this a Cayenne Chilli pepper?
Should I repot my plants that I bought online?
Willow tree placement in regards to house
Rosemary plant died but I see new sprouts, should I move them?
Sick Scheffelera 40 years old
Fruit tree damaged by huge branch break
Beetle patrolling chilli plant
What is this whitish feather on my Echinacea seedlings?
Growing vegetables in seedling soil
Recommendation for low-light potted tree
Laying a CHEAP gravel car park over soil/grass
Can I plant sod over a drip irrigation system?
Can any tree be kept around 12ft high and 6ft wide indefinitely with appropriate pruning?
Can young sunflower transplants take a light frost?
Is this night lamp setup helpful or harmful for seedlings?
Aloe Vera And Thin Chalk Stick issues
Weep holes in garden retaining wall
Leveling Stack Block
Grass seed or sod?
Identify plant with tubular pink flowers and paired elliptic leaves
Does Kinnikinnick require soil amendment for planting
What is this star-like delicate pink flower?
I live in the country and have no grass growing. My land looks like a field and I have no experience
What is this bush/tree that has dark leaves, and clusters of tiny white flowers with 4 petals?
Raised bumps on my succulents
U Post Espalier?
What are the cons of using aluminum sulfate and elemental sulfur as soil acidifiers?
What is this small shrub with lots of tiny lilac/dark-burgundy flowers?
Is it good to add probiotics to your fermented plant juice?
What is this (probably) weed with nice fern-like foliage?
Avocado trees diseases
Can you plant sod on top of old grass if you lay a layer of top soil down?
Parlor palm leaves turning brown
What's a slow growing, low maintenance water plant?
Do plants react differently to artificial light than to sunlight?
A single large sunflower among herbs - a good or a bad idea?
Help identifying this viney jade like succulent
Can I use orchid potting mix for mint?
PFR - 97 What do I need to know about this pesticide?
Young saplings in winter temperatures periodically
Moldy soil, moldy starters, help!
Bay Leaf Tree - Scale
Chili leaves shriveling up, with light-green raised dots on the leaves
how do I modify the square foot gardening method for a community garden with mushrooms also?
What mushrooms should I look into for growing in garden aisles?
Do you need to inoculate a mushroom growing medium before breaking it up to spread on the ground?
Are these small hairy leaves first true leaves of my rudbeckia seedlings?
looking for name for this flower
Safe Weed Killing in a lawn
Practicality of storing long uncut logs
Can I just apply less of a higher fertilizer?
what fruit tree rootstocks can grow in very shallow soil?
I've read that composting can reach up to 140 degrees - does this affect my plants?
Sweet potatoes: Can I plant a whole tuber instead of starting slips? Are slips a better option?
Could anybody identify this plant for me?
What is this invasive plant with with small purplish flowers that have lids?
Can blueberry bushes survive in clay soil long term with the right help?
Help identifying bonsai tree
Plastic glasses as containers for seedlings - yes or no?
Can a plant survive bottled in its own ecosystem for 50 years?
Do I need to cover freshly planted strawberries to protect against frost when it is snowing?
I've heard hog panels have lead in them, should I be worried?
Lemon Seedling Trouble
How to increase chance of maple seed sprouting?
What is this plant with flowers that resemble butterflies?
What nutrients do oyster mushrooms need?
Help identifying this bug
Should I cut concrete panel into strips, and rings with hooks, or leave it in long strips?
pine pitch, lots of it
How long after last frost before lawns need mowing?
A seedling with three (instead of two) cotyledons
What is this growing on my plants and how do I treat it?
Avocado pruning
Miracle Grow, good or bad?
Rods (either metal, bendable PVC or..?) options for creating a garden border? USA
How do you determine the viability of tomato sprouts?
Why do my seedlings need more and more water?
Bluberries start to turn yellow and then brown
Morning vs Evening Sun?
Greenhouse positioning
How long does Symphytum orientale, white comfrey, live?
Mexican hat vs. Black-eyed Susan - comparison
Why have my yews lost all their needles?
Will growing dipladenia or any other vine damage my fence?
What kind of sunflower is the best for making a flute?
Does my Aloe vera plant need a new pot?
What kind of chili plant is this?
Are green plastic bottles suitable for making a cold frame/greenhouse?
Does "two weeks before the last frost" mean when the ground is still frozen?
What soil quality is now, after staying under a pile of grass clippings for a year?
Can you identify this rose?
My Watering System Tap Timer is leaking - how to fix? What part is missing?
What is this early-flowering tree?
What harm can moles do to my garden?
Please identify this rose
Hydroponic spearmint are turning brown - what can I do?
When trimming a tree, what does the term "branch angle to the trunk" mean and, what is the ideal angle?
Does the deep watering method work for all types of plants?
Why is my 10 year old Meyer lemon tree suddenly producing orange fruit after producing yellow fruit for several years?
What grows beneath Lapageria?
Coco coir, how good is it?
What are the benefits of greenhouses and how do they work?
Propagation of Dendrobium Orchids
Plant identification: Perilla or catnip
Encouraging or Protecting Voles
leggy basil with small leaves
What kind of seed is most suitable for my lawn?
how different manures perform in a garden
The "phosphorus" question
Need Help Finding a Botija Olive Tree
An idea for a sowing tool
Does the trench or hill method work better?
Which two leaders of my Dawn Redwood should I remove?
A knot to tighten for tension on a trellis
What is this short plant with little blue flowers?
Can I propagate a healthy plant from one that has a White root rot disease?
Good seeds to give as a gift to someone who is going to travel around the country
Why is my cilantro turning a yellow purple color?
How do you grow a plant not in your hardiness zone?
Cactus with a white "growth"
Mexican palm tree boot trimming
What kind of LED Lighting should I get to grow lotus indoor?
What is this familiar-looking exotic-shaped gentle-yellow flower?
How far will oyster mushroom pins grow before they give up?
Why has my evergreen gone brown in spring?
Identify this tree
How do grow light work?
What is eating/removing young fruit from my lemon and orange trees?
Is my plan for 'Blue Flowers Seed Mix' good?
Do deer eat Creeping phlox (Phlox subulata)?
Can tree branches be cut so low that they will not grow back?
Haworthia fasciata "Zebra Plant" and water?
What is this Prickly Plant Sending Out Runners
Where can I dispose of scrap dirt?
What is this creeper with small flowers and a strange fruit?
What's this white flower?
Who's been eating my corn?
Design and effectiveness of seed bombs / seed balls
How to revive an old garden bed?
What is this terrible-looking hairy plant with maybe nice flowers?
What tree is this with red berries?
How many grow lights do I need for starting tomato seeds?
What is this purple mushroom growing in my pot?
What are these very small angular holes in clusters on my ground?
What is this giant seedling?
How to mend patches in grass, from lawn cuttings
What are these two intruders into Rudbeckia seedlings home?
Is my lemon tree healthy?
Lawn substitutions for yard with active dogs
Small white egg-like sacs with orchid
Epsom Salt, good or bad?
Which way up does capillary matting go?
Identify a succulent with flat whorled leaves
Keeping Pests out of Hummingbird Feeders
Help identifying this perennial grass-like plant
What if the seeds sown outdoors are covered by a transparent cover in the initial stage?
Fruit on seedling apple trees
Should rain water be allowed to flow directly into greenhouse?
What is this succulent/weed growing on my lawn?
Can a tomato plant break by its own weight?
what is this weed - touching caused an itch and allergic skin reaction
Any problems (plant health, structural longevity, etc?) with planting bamboo in a steel planter?
Please help identify this plant - red stem, 7 pointed green leaves
What is the best way to help a tree with removed bark?
What is this most likely weed, though with interesting foliage color?
Support request in identification - exotic plant
My potho is turning brown look like it’s burned
What plant is this interesting yard weed?
How do I remove old concrete from these flagstones?
Will my grapefruit tree ever produce fruit after a freeze?
Why is my pumpkin seedling's cotyledon twisted and whorled?
Can urine return moisture-holding capacity to the soil?
Drainage problems and replacing existing grass
Fruit bearing plants in shade of northern wall?
Rehabilitating an orchid with no roots
Using grass clippings for clearing the area of existing plants
Is my choice for edible perennials for balcony good?
Broken mango seedling stem
What is this shrub with simple but attractive red flowers?
How important is seed orientation/direction?
Removing the sod and seeding new for an area 24'x48' (8mx16m) - advice needed
How do I remove grass from a tulip bed without transplanting them?
Plucking fruit off young fruit trees?
transplanting my seedlings.
Elimination Weed in gravel
What is this ground-hugging dense flowering plant?
What is this white, 6 petaled, spike flower?
How come my majestic palm has patchy dried out spots?
How to Properly Store Fertilizer?
What is happening to my Areca Palm?
Laying sod at different times
What are these tiny black things on the tips of my chive seedlings?
Putting mushroom manure on top of clay lawn
Need help identifying rust-looking spots on Paphiopedilum
How to make sure a sunflower produces seed?
Control of Hyacinthoides hispanica (Spanish bluebell) in an established landscape
Ideal way to fill in a large hole (from a goldfish pond)
Can anyone tell me what this large-leafed plant is?
Can anyone help identify this beautiful succulent?
Is there an easy way to create a new plant of Symphytum orientale, white comfrey, at a different location by cutting a bit of stem or root?
What is this green-ish thing inside the orange?
How can i recover an Aloe plant with root rot?
Will creating a sandbox at the base of a fir tree damage it?
How to fix EPDM to planters?
Locust-looking bugs eating my tree leaves. How do I make them stop?
Lucky Bamboo and yellowing leaves
Is this black locust?
Spring lawn revival in SE Pennsylvania
What is this plant with mottled leaf in my lawn?
How should I store a large pile of compost for future use?
I cut my avocado roots too much
Why would the trunk of a tree start to flop over?
Why are the leaves of my young chilies turning yellow and dying?
Is there a way to avoid the recurring cost of microbes when composting at home?
Help! Fighting builders re: new build garden
Using upside-down plastic cups as outdoor seed/seedling protection?
Transplanting Satsuma Tree and Need to Know the Root System
How to balance the compost bin
Can a wooden fence support raising/levelling a garden?
Can I save a half dead tree?
How long does it take to grow Tagasaste (Tree Lucerne) from seed?
Is there way to encourage a jade plant to grow new branches from the woody trunk?
What is this pale green spiky caterpillar found in Athens, Greece?
Why are my tomato seedlings dying after applying ammonium sulfate?
What is/are the probable cause/s of Avocado leaf curl?
Which species and group of clematis is this?
Can I use a 3-in-1 mix with an overseed machine?
When is the earliest I should put out roses in Illinois?
Some tomato seeds have died... whats happening?
Pinching vs Pruning
How do I get rid of creeping jenny
Asparagus too big
Green-brown mass under roses
Will amaranth directly seeded into grass grow?
Why is the trunk on my plum tree soft?
sequoia seeds germination, and first "planting" of sprouts method, in which container?
Will this propagated mulberry straighten out?
Spanish moss on maple
I planted a vegetable but can't remember what it is
Will using reflective aluminum foil start a fire?
Can I put Hens and Chicks in the soil for cactus?
Weed control 1 year before installing turf
Is this wild garlic?
How to prevent stacking in split rock succulents?
What kind of grow lights do I need for a butternut squash?
Pipe Leak in Irrigation Box
What would be the most shallow hydroponic-type method (with respect to height of the pot / medium)?
Is just adding a new soil layer on top of existing soil good for creating a new plant bed?
What kind of magnolias are in front of the White House?
How many dahlia tubers can I plant in a pot 12 inch pot
Does over-watering drown grubs?
Broccoli and cabbage leaves are curling (seedlings)
Fighting that damping off fungus
What can I grow in plastic bottles that provides food and is sustainable?
Should I keep thistles?
Houseplant health diagnosis
Are these bright orange bugs with beady black eyes ladybugs?
What plant will grow from these seeds?
Pest identification: white worm/larva?
Storing seeds in the fridge
Raised bed soil: local dirt and compost 50/50 mix?
What kind of insect is this on my green chilli?
Number of cucumber seedlings to grow together
The plant stems start to split (crack) vertically in a hydroponic system
Sagging spathiphyllum leaves despite moist soil
What to do with broken succulent leaf
What is this 3cm green caterpillar from northern California?
Does anyone know what these seedlings are?
Japanese Maple Seedlings Dying For No Apparent Reason
Does anyone have experience with AeroGarden?
Possibly the worst weed ever? A bad type of thistle?
What exactly is top soil?
Planting vegetables in ground vs pots in greenhouse
When to relocate cedars?
Problems with fairy castles cactus
What are these brush like blue wildflowers on long stems in this mountain picture?
Is there an issue with this Laurel tree?
Does anyone know what plant this is?
Dying/Twiggy English Ivy Houseplant
What is wrong with my potted mango tree?
What are the white like spots just above the mango?
What are consequences of applying glyphosate in vicinity of fruit trees?
Can anyone identify these Western Australian seeds?
little brown bugs on trunk of majestic palm
Filtered or unfiltered water ok for houseplants?
Bugs on mint leaves
Something's eating my plants
Dracaena Massangeana: Leaf spots on new growth
Begonia leaf problems
Can anybody identify this plant?
Sorghum in Container in Colorado
What plant/gems are these?
how do I cut and stack brush for chipping?
Orange seedling leaf browning, curling, slowed growth? Please help!
What should I add to the soil to make my hydrangeas blue?
Tomato leaves look... off with lightly yellowing leaves
Best remedy for rot in plum tree
Maple plant that will not turn green?
Unidentified mold on garlic cloves
Identify this houseplant please?
Please Help. I need to plant 10000 Saffron bulbs which is on order. What equipment to use(UK based)
Never managed to keep a plant alive for more than a month and then I moved
My question is about transferring saplings from water soil in pots
Yellowish pattern on leafs of tomato seedlings
Are asphalt roofing panels suitable for raised garden bed walls?
Small shrub ID needed
What kind of infestation and/or fungus do I have in my vegetable garden?
Differences in the capabilities of petrol and battery mowers
Kentia palm leaves turn brown
Pear tree leaves are turning black
What plant should I choose to plant in a window?
How to amend clay soil to propagate trees for bare root distribution?
What tree is this
Growing conditions for hydroponics - Vanilla Planfolia and Saffron (Crocus Sativus)
What are these corn looking buds on my palm?
Moldy looking soil in my greenhouse
Can anyone please identify this plant? It has fern like leaves and purpleish/brown stems which seem to root when they lay on soil
Plastic container within wooden frame-raised bed over concrete slabs
Questions from an organic lawn care beginner
Brilliant red maple tree
Houseplant seems to be dying
Flamingo flower (Anthurium) leaf discoloration
New paver walkway - grass popping through
Can anyone tell me what is this plant with white trumpet flowers?
Should I replace this arborvitae or will it grow back?
What is this succulent, matted plant?
Can you identify what this green plant is that looks like mint?
Lilly pilly hedges growing unevenly
How to prevent weeds from growing?
What is this purple-flowered weed?
Which vegetables under a walnut
Shrub with white flowers
Managing Annual Bluegrass (Poa Annua) on a Post-Emergent Basis
Is my cactus dying?
Wood pecker damage on Pecan tree
How to shape a wild Holly
Why is my Zoysia grass turning red?
My plant is not thriving
What is in my meadow flowers seed mix?
What are these white irregular sized spots on my cucumber and melon plants?
Black spots along the veins of avocado leaves
Why are my snack peppers wilting?
Can I leave an Aloe plant unattended for 2 months?
Spots on climbing rose canes
Very small scale drip irrigation
How much swap-space should a leave in my compost tumbler?
Why won’t my Venus flytrap eat its wax worms?
Maple leaves look rough
How can I tell if white comfrey seeds have been fertilised?
How can I transfer white comfrey from the front garden to the back garden by seed?
What's wrong with my mint?
How can I find out which roses are Spanish roses?
Peach Tree Sun Exposure
Identifying grass type
How to prevent mulch from moving
What is this shrub with pink buds that open into green leaves?
Is All this blackberry plant or is there more then 1 plant?
Flower with one petal long
My heuchera has acne!
Grafting a lemon tree seedling
Will forest floor mulch work well for fungal dominated wood chip compost?
My hydroponic experiment
Exposed roots in a juniperus bonsai, plus probable fungi problem
Is this a chili pepper? If it is, which one?
Rhododendron in complete shade corner -should I move it?
Can you grow (and keep) a large maple tree in a container?
lemon tree water sprout
Mystery emergent foliage (bulb?) USDA zone 5
Shaina Japanese Maple hit by a falling fence-two branches cut off-can I use them to propagate the tree
Do I mulch now or later?
Does chicken manure interfere with fruit trees?
How do I rid my lawn of onion grass
Mountain laurel or rhododendron?
What to do when cucumbers are turning yellow and dying but leaves are ok
A substitute for Hydrangeas that can tolerate full sun (zone 8b)
why is my 4year old weeping willow getting yellow tips ?
What is best to use for mulch in a garden?
How to save a tree that is falling apart?
Will cat poo affect my flowers?
can you use blight spray on all edible and ornamental trees, shrubs and bushes
Which plant can co-exist with the other plant?
higher temperature or more lighting - whats more important?
How to save a dying dusty miller?
Does most fungus grow better in hot damp conditions, or normal temperature conditions?
What to do with avocado seed at this point?
What is this Sprinkler Component?
Dark beads, sometimes transparent, along core of clementine from overseas
Is this a green Wandering Jew plant?
Can Lavender regrow from root (+ little stem)
Why are seeds of summer chrysanthemum different between suppliers?
How can I care for my euonymus japonicus president gauthier?
can anyone kindly tell me what this shrub is ?
Identify Blue Flowers
Identify a plant with pronounced white veins on dark green ovate leaves
Identifying a flower basket - Plant 2
Identify a plant with a woody trunk and big, long, green leaves with yellow edges
My six-week old tomato seedlings don't look great. Please help!
Help to ID tree and determine if it may be diseased
Will Celosia produce more than 1 flower head?
How to get rid of this white fungus
Cacti red/white discoloration
Does it matter if I use water that previously boiled for watering plants?
What type of tree / bush is this, which blooms white flowers in Massachusetts?
Tree saplings in my lawn?
How to protect my guava tree from insects?
How to restore wilted cilantro?
Help me determine what to plant here
How to retrofit seed starting trays to prevent root circling
What is this plant with bright red and black seeds?
Plant Identification USA zone 10
How far apart should I space Jerusalem artichokes?
Thin Pachysandra = Volutella Blight? How can I fix these areas?
Replant to replace soil
Cutting down trees with squirrel nests
Why does my tomato plant have tightly shrivelled green leaves?
Identify this quickly spreading plant
How to grow leaves from a sweet potato (not in a jar of water)?
plant id - purple flowers, tall stalk, grass like, beige spore
Tillandsia species/cultivar?
What kind of orchid did I buy?
How do I make a waterbed environment from a 5 gallon bucket?
Is using Miracle Grow potting mix good for starting seeds?
Mint ID Requested
What's wrong with my pilea?
What is this bee(?)-attracting wildflower?
Can eggplants survive down to 33 °F (1°C)?
Identify a succulent with gray-green paired ovate leaves
Identify this potted plant found at grocery store?
Planting Celosia and Hypoestes in the same pot
Acidifying water for acid-loving seedlings: Calculating the best bang-for-the-buck
How to prepare beds for trees if the goal is propagating and eventually transplanting many trees from those beds over time?
What is this Australian plant with small red berries?
What are these small raised black marks on my plants?
Raising the height of soil around established rose bushes
Japanese Maple life expectancy
Unknown plant sprouted up in Garden
Cutting long branches from oregano plant to regrow?
Shade Tolerant Strawberry Varieties?
What's the correct lilac plant for my growing conditions?
First apply grubex or weed killer?
What should I cover the ground in my garden with?
How to revive a bonsai that was repotted after it was dying of overwatering?
White spots on Ocimum tenuiflorum leaves (chlorosis?)
Is this white cottony stuff on my cactus normal?
Identifying a rhododendron variety
Taking care of thuja emerald green
Identification request - iris on San Francisco peninsula
Do I need to / How can I separate vegetables grown closely together?
How to overseed new sod on clay?
How to grow grass in the shade?
What is the best way to clean up and remove stones from yard so I can grow grass
Cucumber cotyledons turn yellow and shrivel too soon
Ground Cover Identification
guys name of bonsai species ?, how to care? in over my head!
Pot size - small & repot, or start large?
How big of a container will I want to grow mushrooms in to keep the environment sterile?
Stalk on healthy aloe plant getting too long
Identify Seed from Vine
do plants in pots dislike being moved from place to place for better light?
How to prepare soil for seeding?
What kind of flower?
What's wrong with my tomatoes?
Unidentified Plant that started blooming
Why do my cherries die in winter? =(
Potato plants have tiny leaves and grow really tall
What kind of maple is this?
why is this laurel hedge still dying
Does Salsola grow better in standing water, or in a semi-dry environment?
Can you identify this fragrant shrub?
Could you please identify this weed in my lawn?
Why would Comice pear tree stop flowering?
What is this shrub with 5-petal fragrant flowers?
Need help identifying some shrubs in the mountains of Israel
Why do sunflowers move only flowers towards the sun?
I don't see the slightest change in my ZZ plant after about 3 months of re-potting it
Do you know what this wild perennial is?
Starting rider mower
Lighting Suggestions for Weeping Mulberry?
White color substance on the branch of hibiscus plant
Parsley looks sick, how do I water & care for Parsley?
Is my tree dead?
How to use fresh goat manure for growing vegetables?
Spruce sudden loss of needles
Sunflowers: Young leaves turn yellow and die
tree id and brown spots on leaf edge, green berry-like fruits
Does anyone know what might be eating my new Rhododendron leaf? How concerned should I be?
Lawn repair - Heavy moss, damp.
What are the diseases that affect Angelica?
Is there a flower which can handle temperatures up to 40 Celsius?
What is this foliar/fruit disease on our pear trees?
Flowering shrub ID
ID request, possible Hebe
What is the name of this aphid?
Camelia changii - fertilization problems
Prunus cuttings used for pollination: How to prolong their life?
If I just leave dandelions and clover in my lawn, what problems may happen?
What is this grass?
Can someone identify Desert Rose Leaf problem?
Help identifying tree
Fruit Trees and Pollination
What is this porcupine needle like grass?
Is this a ground cover plant?
What plant is this? Not sure whether this is a weed or a ground cover plant
Can you identify this type of thistle? Should I go ahead and just shoot myself now, or are these the annual/biennial type and there's a hope?
Non-glyphosate weed killer for swedish ivy?
Helicopters on new grass seed
Only female flowers on English cucumber
What causes this strangling on the stem
Please help me identify this houseplant and what's wrong with it
why do the leaves of my papaya tree twist and dry
Are my poppy seedlings dying? How can I save them?
Is this a good Cherry Tomato spacing?
What is this PA native shrub?
Mowing traction
What is the cause of these round holes in my yard, potentially snakes?
What are these very small red bugs on my black walnut tree?
Identification needed on this plant with reddish stems
Identify this type of geranium
Side garden in need of plants, preferably useful
Identify these little bugs on my cherry tree (and others)
Can anyone identify this weed?
resources to identify tomato plants by leaves
Identify the shrub
Is this a aloe vera plant?
Do different types of mycelium connect to each other?
Control of oxalis corniculata
Yellow spots on leaves of Oak
What is this groundcover?
Is there any way to keep cats away from indoor sprouts?
Mystery plant misidentified as dragonfruit
Why shouldn't squash, and potatoes be planted together?
Do I need to put a pile of wood chips on top of my potatoes?
Inadvertently sprayed Ortho Ground Clear in area in which I would like to plant shrubs
What triggers flowering for an overwintered chile pepper?
What can I do to stop my Avocado from losing leaves?
Seeding grass with milorganite
Are my mini roses well and truly dead?
How should I take care of this kind of flower?
Can you identify this shrub which I have named "The Redemption Bush?"
What's wrong with the leaves of lily plants?
Peach tree pruning?!
Oak Tree Seeding
Help needed to repot my 42" avocado tree in my apt please!
Can you help me identify this vine please?
Dying Hydrangea
Why does my ghost chilli plant look this way? All help is appreciated
Why are the leaves on my Aloe Vera flattening?
Is it safe to use fresh pittosporum mulch?
How do I know if seeds are growing?
Tips for planting peonies
Fire Damaged Bay Tree (Laurus nobilis) - What to do?
Should I trim off flower buds on basil?
Problems with Camellia sinensis
Tree for narrow strip
What type of lilac is this?
How many/how much (by weight) orange blossoms do you get from an orange tree?
Identify caterpillar infestation on apple tree
What happens when shiitake are exposed to sugar water?
Encouraging more berries
Chives have yellowing ends. Is it normal?
Anyone have a clue as to what these are called?
What is this plant and how can I best rescue it?
What wildflower could this be?
What’s wrong with my aloe?
How to help thuja aurea nana to florish
Is it late to seed? weather 90s , end of May.
How do I save a tomato plant that had the top broken in half?
What kind of tree was this?
What temperature can oyster mushrooms withstand?
Why is my parlour palm which is young and in the house getting brown spots
How can I keep broccoli flowers from forming the same day the bud appears?
white pupae and larvae
Is there signs to watch for when it comes to watering rhubarb?
How to save my succulent?
Zucchini skin disease (holes)
What kind of plant is this
Chopping old vegetable/fruit to the ground as compost
What is this bulb-on-a-stick moss?
Please help me identify my bonsai tree?
How much dry soil before the waterline does Angelica need?
Plant ID: Is this lemon balm?
What is wrong with my mint plant?
What is causing tip dieback of Norway Spruce?
Pepper plants slow growth and black parts of stems?
What's wrong with my peppers plants :(?
Help to indentify this plant, please!
Is my cactus okey?
Cooked Bay Tree
how long does the root system on Malabar Spinach need to grow before it will show any growth?
why do vines attach themselves to wood chips
How do we deal with abnormally heavy rain?
Mushrooms in my lawn
What is this purple flower/weed?
Help! My Marigold is Dying
What should I do with organic waste?
Should I worry about breaking roots when compressing wood chips?
How do I force a vine to split into two vines?
Hedge trimmer or pole trimmer for ivy overgrown in tree?
What is the best way to sanitize your hands when working with mushrooms?
treating potato plant disease with ridomil
I cut the top of my schefflera plant and it's been droopy since then
Little Tree Sappling
Identify this plant please
Will collards grow from a stub?
How do I improve the growth of my basil plant?
Will Malabar spinach regrow from being cut down to the ground?
What precautions can I take when planting a living fence to avoid it becoming troublesome?
Do wireworms eat germinated seeds?
What caused this yellow speckles and shrinking?
Get rid of ants with sugar/yeast cocktail
What is wrong with this cherry tree .. how to revive it?
less capital intensive hydroponics will these equipment work
Rainwater off the roof ok for plants?
Watermelon plants not growing
I got given a strange plant a few days ago that I have never seen around this area, does anyone know what it is?
What is this plant? 3/5 leaves per stem, thick trunk
Can Achocha survive from being connected by only 1 root?
Hydrangea leaves going brown
Spots on Magnolia
What are these plants that look like bamboo?
Is rubbing alcohol poisonous to shiitake mushrooms?
Black Spots on Rubber Tree
Inverted planters- a failure?
What are these tuberous roots?
What might be eating small holes in my bell pepper?
What is this plant resembling cannabis that is growing on my garden?
Dying houseplant
Will mowing sprouting silver maple saplings eventually kill them?
Why do weeds re-root in wood chips with Back to Eden?
What is causing black leaves on my Aloe Vera plant?
Should I mow the lawn during a drought
What tree is it? (orange/yellow Jacaranda?)
What has damaged this tree?
Is my tree starting to rot?
Considerations when planting foundation shrubs
What is this plant with bean-like structure at the base of its stem?
Hostas in river rock - am I doing it wrong?
Fertilizers and How to "error"
What pest is this?
Overgrown Front Tree Bed?
What is causing black spotting on my air plant?
Need identification on this growth on cherry & possibly plum trees and possible remedies
Can my hemlock trees be saved?
can leafy greens push up through woodchips
Plumbago auriculata without flowers
Avocado leaves browning and dying
Fig tree leaf color lighter than usual
Grow several citronella geranium plants from one plant?
Please help to identify a cactus
Identify brown fungus growing on dead branches of an Escarpment Live Oak
best method to divide tufts of ornamental grasses
How can I keep a clover back yard from encroaching on a traditional grass front yard?
Growing Ipomea near mid-sized conifer?
Black stem tips in a blueberry plant
Please help me to identify this plant, please!
Plant identification again, please!
Can I save this stem or must I cut it out?
How to treat a magnolia with white fuzz on its leaves?
Will using landscaping stones and dirt around an English walnut tree kill it?
How do they know if a mower had oil in it when started?
I used Epsom salts to water cucumber plants and the next day they are dying
Should I repot a newly purchased rubber plant
How do you identify weeds?
Borders and weeds
Why does achocha have two types of leaves?
What animal is digging at my pepper plants and what can I do to prevent it?
Dry brown stem on tomato plant
Drones taking the place of bees
oak tree in pot
Trees for southern Idaho/northern Utah mountain environment
what plant is this? thank you
How to deal with vegetables after heavy rain/hail?
ID Gold Country bush
My lemon tree has not grown for the last few years and has remained stick thin. Can you help me revitalise it?
small cherry tree has gum leaking, probably wound
What are the larvae devouring my Lysimachia punctata?
Planting old seeds
What do I do with Bay Tree saplings to grow a new tree?
Shrub Identification, Edible or not?
What is this light purple flowering ground cover?
Box tree seedlings - what do they look and feel like....?
Help with weed identification - how can I get rid of them for good?
How do I get rid of this weed? (Some sort of ivy)
What is this pink flowered plant with 3- and 5-lobed leaves?
Name of plant with small red flowers
Do i have maggots grow g in my plants?
Apple tree limb rooting
Trying to identify small insects on peppers (and if they're dangerous)
How to pinch off small harvests from thyme plants?
Can anyone identify this flower?
amendments to soil to make it hold LESS water?
Little spots that make the leaf transparent on Basil
Leafs turn yellow on little lemon tree
What kind of bug is this?
What’s wrong with my Aloe Vera plant?
Soaker hose with a rain barrel
Mint plant deficiency
How to save my Fittonia (Nerve plant) after repotting?
Pilosocereus cacti, growed from seeds and a lot of mistakes
I am confused about miracle grow
Cactus in hydroponics: Keep water levels up at all times?
Why would broccoli become all twisted at the root system?
Please identify my African violet
Why my indoor Fuchsia is wilting?
What is this little, spiky tree?
Can I propagate a new Campanula Adansa from a broken branch?
Is this underground compost system likely to work?
Am I over or under watering this jade?
What are these green weeds on my grass?
Dying Pony Tail Palm
Is making wild garden giant (wine cap) spawn similar to making bread?
What should be the growing medium for Sansevieria plant
Identifying a plant with pink and white flowers which grow in clusters
Succulent turning yellow
What is this brown plant and how do I care for it? When do I water it?
Has this (dwarf?) orchid gotten too much sun?
Why some of the stems are red and more strong than others in this mint plant
Can avocado tree grow in pot?
How important is it to till before sod installation?
Why did my pot plant became lazy?
What's wrong with this cactus?
Why did this dracaena marginata die so quickly?
Alpine plant identification
Please identify this weed in my lawn?
How to protect my nectarine tree from hyraxes?
columnar tree with orange caterpillar flowers identification
What can I do to help root-bound cucumber plants?
Can I plant Forget-me-not indoor in June-Junly?
Growing patio/dwarf fruit trees to half standard
Growing fava beans when too hot for flowering; since perennial, will they eventually fruit later in the year?
Indoor avocado plant - What is wrong with the leaves?
should water going through compost come out sudsy (like soap suds)?
Why are my cilantro leaves turning brown?
Cucumber plant turning yellow and babies dying
Tomato Plant Bugs
Tree identification - shelter belt
My croton is not growing
What is this tree and can I cut the lower branches?
Repotting sunflower to bigger pot?
Roses fading their color
Areca Palm house plant
Why do plants need water?
Money Plant Leaves
What is happening to my squash/cucurbita?
Is this green scale?
My chilies look weak, what is the problem?
Quick blooming flowers to grow from seed in late spring (mid/late June) that will flower in late summer/Autumn
How do I treat ground cherry tips being eaten completely off?
Is this tree healthy?
Can tree cuttings root in just water?
Fuchsia buds are dropping
Is this pot too big for a jade plant?
Should I deadhead campanula?
Ants on the tip of my avocado plant. What should I do?
I feel my plant looks sad. Does it need more light?
Identify (sorbus or oak) tree in Sweden
Mugho Pine browning
What is growing out of my raspberry bush?
How to care for bent avocado tree
Why are ants staying on my lettuce leaves?
Is it safe to put mushroom plugs in living trees?
Jade Plant Black/Brown Roots: Is it normal?
Identify the species of bamboo shown
What pest is affecting my tomato plants?
What to do with fallen fruit?
How should I deal with garlic rust after the harvest?
Plum tree set fruit but now it's all gone
Is this rose seed going to germinate?
What is this plant with a purple flower?
Fruit on trees shriveling up before it develops (peach, apple, pear)
Is there a way I can keep my plant cuttings humid indoors?
Okay to build garden fence with pressure treated wood?
Drying and curled up leaves on pluot tree
I have planted some seeds but they don't grow to a full plant, why is this?
Planting immature garlic
Hollyhock with yellowing leaves
How to raise a plant that's in a too deep flower bed?
Why is my purple sprouting broccoli growing pods?
Lawn becomes waterlogged during heavy periods of rain during Winter months
Corn stunted in one area of my plot?
Why is my plant dying?
Should I move out my bell pepper plants?
Sprinkler / garden watering advice
White marks on magnolia.
Identification of plant that caused injury (possibly phytophotodermatitis)
Do nitrates really encourage weed germination?
White insects on tomato plant?
Is Sawdust good for flower gardens?
Eradicating brassica aphids
Can you please help me identify my new house plant?
How do you save an asparagus bed from comfrey?
What is attacking my morning glories and how do I get rid of it?
What’s the best way to remove 2-4 inches of large gravel from backyard?
Is this lawn fungus?
What is this (moss/mold?) growing in my Dill flowerpot?
Can a very recently planted B & B cypress tree be moved 2'?
What is wrong with this plant
My avocado plant is 14" tall with only a few leaves on top
Is there a guild between tomitillo, and purple orach?
Where to propagate my fiddle-leaf fig?
Are there online stores that specialize in selling plants in pots that bear fruit?
What is this plant with thorns on bottom of leave
Aphids in my Fuchsia
What weed or grass is this taking over my St Augustine?
Why does my peppermint have long purple stems with very small leaves?
Can blossom end rot appear on side of pepper?
What to do with bugs on bell peppers
What is happening to my Agave?
Beetles on my fruit trees
Yellowing lower tomato leaves
How to setup a green house that loses heat but not humidity
Is it possible to design a garden that is free from insects and pests?
Identifying “tropical houseplant”
Should I thin out apples or let the 'June Drop' take care of this?
Pruning a young honey locust tree
Why is my Eureka lemon tree losing leaves?
Can root sprouts from a very old Baldwin apple be from a different rootstock?
Trimmer not getting spark
How do I inoculate plants with garden giant when not disturbing the soil?
Why does my green giant arborvitae have so many buds?
Will a four ft tall American Beauty Bush continue growing if cut off at one ft,?
What are these tiny white spider-like bugs in my soil and on plants?
Identifying and removing this weed / clovers from my lawn / groundcover
Organic lawn fertilizer available in the UK?
what's wrong with my fish hook plant?
Should you prune your sage if you don't need it?
Acer (Maple) white spots and dieback - infection and how to treat
How long do tropical cuttings last?
What is the grassy-looking plant at the base of my blueberry bush?
Is there a way to keep a carrotwood tree from bearing fruit? Something similar to a solution used for olive trees?
I have a large fig tree with the figs rotting and falling off
Why are my cilantro plants wilting?
Cucumber leaves yellowing and curling, and fruit is malformed
Are these white things roots?
telegraph cucumber yellowish leaf and cracks
What are these bugs in my morning glories
New fig trees seemed dead; now sprouting from the base. Any special treatment?
yellowing leaves and black leaf parts on alocasia
Tips for raising a Ginkgo from a seed?
Why do many landscapers put gravel around the base of buildings?
What kind of pepper is this?
Do tomitillo need full husks to grow?
Identifying this flower?
Is a virus, or something else, causing my tomato leaves to become shriveled, yellow and wrinkled?
Do Citrus potted plants need acidic soil
What type of poison bait can I leave for the common UK wasp?
How can I get rid of weeds in my garden?
Does anyone know how to remedy fire-blight?
what is this yellow flower
Identify this variegated houseplant with long leaves
Bed Up Against Wooden Fence
Can you tell me what is wrong with these tomato plants
what is this white flower shrub from the South of France?
Where have all the beneficial insects gone?
Rosemary plant yellowing - any hope?
Should I prune skeletonized leaves?
Train two branches together?
Disease on walnut - light green convex lumps on leaves
Why did a section of my Holly turn brown & fall off?
Yellow spots on leaves of my spices
why has my elephant ear suddenly turned yellow?
What kind of shrub should I plant at this place
Is this an annual?
Should I prune all the rootstock's suckers from the Cherry plant (Brooks)
What is this green caterpillar eating and laying eggs in my tomatillo husks?
What type of tree is this? (found in a Tokyo Park)
What is wrong with this Jade Plant? (Yellowing Leaves, Spots, White powder)
Amanogawa cherry branches are floppy
What is happening to my plants
Can I water my plants every other day?
What is this plant with yellow flowers that keep reaching up and up and up?
Can you help identify this bonsai tree?
Chrysanthimum-based pesticide killed my young plants
Can I use nettle for mulching?
I need help deciding on what tree to plant in my backyard
Digging a hole in ground for fitting stakes for fencing and play structure
Can I safely prune/limit height of tomato plant?
Can I use this fertilizer on my Jade Pants?
Aloe leaf has discoloration
Kiwi Actinidia arguta Issai black spots / patches on younger leaves
What do I need to add to turn (or offset) dog poop into fertilizer?
What's this plant?
How long does it take for King Stropharia to colonize cardboard?
What is this plant? (sweet potato?)
Is my cucumber bitten?
Do I need to pollinate cucumbers?
Just purchased a home and was wondering what types of trees the were
Was wondering what type of tree this was
What treatments would "balance out" what's in dog poo on my lawn, to not kill the lawn?
What are the obstacles to wide-scale commercial composting of human feces?
Can I save this ficus elastica (rubber tree)?
What is this spiky red fruit bearing shrub and can I eat it?
Anyone know what type of tree this is?
How to prevent chicken damaging my plant?
Plants growing between the pavers next to rain drainage
Can someone identify this plant please?
Does anyone know what this plant with stiff red and green leaves is?
White orchids in florida that changed to purple?
Help identify this plant please
What is this big plant with long skinny green leaves?
Is it normal for plant leaves to droop at night?
Starting shallot advice
Plumeria Transplant Advice
Does anyone know what type of tree this is?
how to fix soil with too little sand and clay?
What causes fungal attack to acer trees
can anyone identify this wild plant from irish pasture?
What to use - seed grown citrus as rootstock?
What's wrong with my plants
Can you tell me what this plant is
Retaining wall around a tree
What edible mushrooms will grow on huckleberry logs?
Is there a selective herbicide for crabgrass that can be applied during high temps?
Ginkgo Biloba Bonsai leaves turning brown from middle
FIshook/String of Bananas Plant Help!
What could be causing my top kakis' leaves to turn yellow and sick?
Should I prune this 3 year-old Tamarind tree fork?
Calculate maximal slope angle of tarrain above a retaining wall
What is that tree?
Need help identifying this small tree
How to look after a bougainvillea
Is there a bee hive that works with a tap?
Why do some of my nectarines have missing skin and deeply damaged interior sections?
Why don't people plug inoculate ends of logs, just the sides?
Brown and yellow spots on Calathea Orbifolia
Is this mycelium or does this shefflera has some kind disease on the roots?
What is this plant with narrow serrated leaves and 5-petaled pink flowers on a water's edge in North Carolina?
Unidentified purple flowering plants that continually die mid-summer
Who ate my rudbeckia flower leafs?
Why do I have brown "jelly" and rotten smell inside my healthy looking tomatoes?
Can anyone help me identify this tree?
What’s wrong with my tomato plant?
Bought this mint pot from Jewel osco 3 days ago. Browning on leaves and stem now
Need identification of yellow flowering plant
Problem with rhododendron foliage
tree id needed - evergreen,two opposing leaves
Identify this climbing/rambling pink rose
Young maple tree with no growth on top shoots
How to revitalize my potted Rosemary
Is this rudbeckia?
Foliage Plant identification and help with yellow spotting on leaves
What is this plant with two different kinds of flowers?
New grape vine health
Phalaenopsis Orchid identification - purple veins
What is this 1ft tall plant?
Some of my bush beans are light green, is this a problem?
What is this plant with bee-attracting small blue flowers?
How can I encourage rhizome growth in my lawn?
What is this 2ft tall plant with narrow serrated leaves?
Identify this bug
Identification of pink flower spike
Why are my Ginkgo Tree leaves yellowing after transplant?
Remove This Type of Grass
What disease does my hemlocks have
how to kill weeds without chemicals in front yard and garden bed?
What is the cause of white spots on bean leaves and how to solve the problem?
What is this evergreen perennial shrub with rosette-style pattern of leaves?
Can anyone help identify this vine?
Why would a Leyland cypress needles brown after 1 month transplant?
Thousands of tiny white eggs (?) on fig tree leaves - what are they? What to do?
What are these five petal pink flowers?
What kind of hummingbird is this one?
16" Pop-up Spray Heads
What kind of butterfly is this one?
What is wrong with my jalapeño?
What is this plant growing by the road?
Rio Dipladenia not making vines
Is this a weed?
Weed with very sharp thorns and nearly impossible to pull
Flowers that grow in wine glass bottles filled with soil and/or water?
Why do I have 2 little tree sprouts growing from one Lychee nut seed
Do toxic mushrooms that grow near a plant affect its edible / poisonous traits?
Identifying/operating an automatic watering system
How do I deal with variable head in a gravity drip system?
Why are my persimmon leaves getting all brown and turning brittle?
Black Hills Spruce Leader Drooping and Brown
Vine identification please
What is this plant with narrow stems and serrated leaves growing among my Blueberry bush?
Why are mushroom appearing in my garden?
Why are parts of my Acer dying?
Why are my mango tree leaves drying out before growing?
Four leaf clover only growing three leaves
What type of wood does black oyster mushrooms grow on?
Is this orange-yellowish-flowered plant a wildflower or a weed?
What is this two-colored flower?
What is this flower with mind-blowing red color?
What is wrong with this peach/apricot?
What kind of papaver is this?
What is this (beautuful) weed?
What kind of dirty-pinkish-flowered plant is this?
peace lilly is rotting from the heat (possible?)?
My graduation rose is sprouting, help!
Sloping lawn with bad drainage
identification of external aerial root in bonsai
Please identify this plant
How can I get rid of reed?
Insect Identification: What's this insect
What tree is this(maybe wild tobbaco)?
How much rainwater should I collect for the garden?
How do I remove the weeds in my lawn?
How am I supposed to attach wires in a traditional greenhouse?
what is this coarse spreading weed from my lawn
What tree is this and why aren't its leaves staying green?
Is it ok to cut off the older leaves of an avocado plant?
What are the stages of tomato splitting?
What is the most efficient long term way to destroy and kill the invasive weed named “Japanese Knotweed”
Caring for noble fir seedlings (Christmas trees)
Help what is this plant
What’s wrong with my mango tree
What's the best temperature for lavender (Celcious) and the climate in general?
Butternut yellow and fall off before blooming
Is it possible to preserve male squash flowers for pollination?
Transplanting established Wisteria from pots to ground
Autumn Blaze Maple Tree 2 years old
Searching for ground water
Zone for planting a Chicago Fig tree outdoors. I am in zone 5
Chicago Fig tree care
Growing Strawberry Tree from Fruit
Is my Cayenne plant healthy?
Basil leaves are scarred and wrinkled
What are my new blueberry bushes doing?
What is this all-white insect?
Need help identifing insect(s)
How to kill existing ground cover and then replant
I found a small dead bush,with very hard wood red to black in color was in a gulley on west side of red rock open space
How to eradicate bamboo from suburban SFH?
What tree is it and worth keeping?
Unable to save Fuchsia
How do I pickle wood plugs for inoculation?
Is this oak sick?
Kalanchoe seems to becoming soft and wilted
Air pruning versus oxygenating
Can I get fruit from an olive tree in the UK?
Can I heal a 4 foot tall cactus after two arms were cut off?
Cactus is becoming brown from the bottom
What is this 10ft high decorative tree?
Is my pineapple plant growing another pineapple?
What's causing dry crispy leaves on Vaccinium Membranaceum?
Please identify this African violet
Aloe leaves turned gelatinous
Stone Man Stay Put
House Plant With Round Waxy Leaves Identification
Fully chelated iron vs Chelated Iron
What is this disease with sticky transparent liquid and brown spots on leaves?
Dwarf Umbrella Plant Drooping
Poor quality Lawn.
What is the difference between the two types of red Aloe Vera?
Will butternut squash ripen if taken off the vine?
Another poorly bay tree
Songs of India plant dying
What’s wrong with my mango tree?
Why is my young fuyu persimmon tree struggling?
Flower identifaction please
small cucumbers shrivelling, turning yellow and dying
What is an ideal amount and location for drainage holes in a plastic grow bag?
Basil leaves going white - why?
What is this tree with red seeds in france
Help me identify this plant that has taken over an abandoned garden
How to prevent bunnies eating my plants?
Maple Tree Typical Dormancy Requirements?
Is this tree perhaps a mespilus?
Starting seeds in the ground during summer
Moving/trimming 35 year old avocado tree grown from seed
Fittonia leaves losing color
Herbaceous Paeony care in spring
What is this succulent's name?
Why has 20% of my pumpkin plant suddenly died and how can I save it?
Mint questions: identification resources, survival of cuttings, and safety
Identifying Small Tree
Identifying Smaller Tree
Is there a plant whose odour repels wasps, but doesn't repel bees?
Yellow spots on Dracaena Reflexa
Identify plant with white flowers and prickly fruit
Lily of peace. Help please
Privacy Trees - Keeping alive
How should I design a horseradish bed?
Cucumber leaf turn to yellow , why?
Is it possible to compost living grass?
What should I do with multiple pots with a lot of young Jalapeños seedlings?
What's the name of this leafy brassica looking plant?
Flower identification
Community treatment of wild parsnip - your recommendations
What is the name of this trailing plant
Why does my sycamore have brown leaves?
cottonwood bonsai?
Need help identifying species of Bonsai tree
Should I cut off this weak branch on my crepe myrtle or try and support it?
How much dirt can I put on pine tree roots?
What is this type of grass (weed)?
What is this spaceship-like fruit?
Can i save a rotten aloe vera plant
pumpkins turning white and dying on the vine
what is the liveable temperature range of winecap?
Is this the cucumber mosaic virus?
What is this seedpod?
Passer-by view of my garden - improvements?
Japanese Beetle is destroying my lawn
dying chilli plants
How can I recognize and control fungus gnats on my oyster mushrooms?
What are the little white eggs on rose leaf?
Automatic Sprinkler: Calculating how much and how often - based on weather and other parameters
Is this apple or some other fruit?
What is this crimson orange flower?
Why are squirrels pruning new bayberries?
When to mow overseeded penncross grass
Red Anthurium leaf damage and how to encourage blooms
Do branch barriers keep animals out of gardens?
What is this shrub with star-like off-white flowers?
What is this hairy weed?
Snake plant leaf thinning
What are these small, round, red berries covered with bumps, on low-growing plants in Upstate New York?
One node of Dracaena Marginata not growing
Name of this indoor Plant
What plants are these?
Big cactus identification and how long does it take?
What is this houseplant with woody stem and varigated leaves?
Yard Grading. Moving dirt from one side to another?
Name this plant
Train Parthenocissus quinquefolia as ground cover - possible?
Spots on Calathea
Can I compost vermiculite?
What's wrong with my garlic? Overwatered or lacked nutrients?
Birch trees with peeling bark and black area on trunks
How to extract nutrients from soil?
New leaves from mango seedling are drying up and dying off but the plant is still growing
what is this pink flower?
Does anyone know what this green/yellow/red houseplant is?
Watering huge cactus
How thick of a layer of wood chips will I want to keep the soil warm in a USDA zone 4A environment during the winter?
How much of this fertilizer should I use on my Jade Plants?
How much damage did I do to my Maple Tree?
What is this 5 petals blue wildflower?
What is this irregular-shaped bluish flower?
What’s wrong with my tree?
Lawn cracks under fence
Dark spots on cactus?
Help with identifying weird tree
Name of this tree?
Why can't dry soil absorb water well?
Leaves are dying slowly on Raspberry plant-what on earth is wrong?
Availability of metering water timers
What kind of a flower is this?
Anyone know What type of tree is this
Prune bleeding heart bush?
Need help identifying this vine/berries
There is this strange white growth around the outside of my pot plants
Removing Bermuda Grass
Encourage campsis radicans to grow and climb
Which Soil Fungus Is this?
How to grow sandalwood plant in a pot?
Various Questions About Fairy Castle Cactus
I was wondering if my Chocolate Mint plant had some type of disease?
Is it possible to know if a small avocado plant is going to be a fruitful tree?
How well do mushrooms grow on peat?
what roses can be planted in a pot
What kind of gourd is this?
What plant is this? Large leaves and pink flowers.
Are hops bad for compost?
Japanese Acer - Why does the new growth coming from the bottom look very different?
What will fungi do in an aerobic environment?
Fig tree - white holes & bald spots
What plant is this and is it supposed to be indoor?
Green side up, green side down
Can I start germinating plant seeds indoors in August, and keep them inside for planting next April?
Agave is sweating
Small cactus from garden center identification
How old can a porcelainflower (Hoya carnosa) get?
How to grow a grafted avocado in bad soil?
Please help me identify these white spots/area on my kale leaves
Okra will not produce pods
What types of tree are these?
Chilli leaf curl downwards
Do I need CO2 to grow aquarium plants?
Leaves of young Mango tree are getting yellow
Looking for confirmation: poison ivy or not?
English Ivy plant dying, with white spots at the base
Hibiscus buds turning brown before opening
Can I prepare 2000 square feet of soil for sod, by myself, in California?
What is happening to my succulent and how can I cure it?
Twofold question about Burning Bush - Rudy Haag
What's this bifurcating succulent found in a greenhouse in the Gobi Desert?
Pruning October Glory Maple
Is this invasive plant, with medium green-colored leaves and serrated edges, a Sweet Joe Pye Weed?
Mold on tomato leaves
Deltoid shaped succulent leaves
Should I replace my Colorado Blue Spruces?
What is this plant? Is this basil?
Would a Jean Pain heater work well for heating in a USDA Zone 4A?
Who is bugging this Deutzia Gracilis?
Should I be worried about this Pumpkin plant discolouration?
What is this small brown pill shaped thing?
Why do my Cherry tomatoes split as they ripen?
Damage to Arboerivities
Would a tomato plant being shaded out cause smaller tomatoes?
What is the tall red flower in this photo?
What is this unruly pink-purple flower?
How could I estimate the age of a natural olive europaea sylvestris bonsai?
Does anyone know what this dark green houseplant is?
Green roof maintenance requirements
Yellowing of peach tree leaves
Tree with long seed pods
Is this some kind of banana
What is this disease on my carrots?
what is the right time for harvesting broccoli?
What’s happening to my grapes?
Plant with purple blooms that close each night
What is the difference between two species of salvia?
Ants visiting Opuntia
What is this plant with red flower and green leaves?
What is this cream-yellow flower?
What is this insect with a funny color pattern?
Can i use rain water for my aloe vera?
Getting Rid of Crabgrass
Flower with small, intensely blue blooms
Orange-red flower with extravagant shape
What kind of green apple is this, and is it safe to eat it?
What type of mycelium do I want to integrate into my soil to take up mercury from the lake front aquaponic garden?
What kind of disease does my 'Ghost' chili have?
Why is the purple becoming a dingy green on my wandering Jew?
Starting Coccinia grandis from ripe fruit
Whats the name of this plant and is it edible?
What is the name of this plant?
Dahlia question
Do I need to throw away my compost if it has had a mouse living in it?
Can someone diagnose the problem with my Wine and Rose Weigelas please?
Is this lemon tree still living
Diagnosis - sick blueberry plant
Any permanent solution in killing wild grape vines?
What kind of palm tree is this?
Is it sensible to do composting in a grow bag or pot which already has plants planted in it?
Camelia with virus?
Is it safe to cut or shave the roots of a Norway Maple tree?
Need help identifying this flower
What kind of Strelitziaceae are these plants?
Tomato plant after neem oil application
My sunflower is dying what do i do?
Does anyone know what type of vine this is
Why and how do I need to re-pot indoor Basil?
Will glyphosate directly harm Monarchs or other butterflies?
Does wood shop sawdust work well for mushroom casing?
Rose rosette starting?
What type of Mimosoidea is this?
How to eradicate Ambrosia - common ragweed?
Should i trim my avocado plant through the winter?
What chili variety is this?
Is This Some Kind of Mint?
I saw this plant in New York City
How to prune a 6ft avocado tree that has possibly never been pruned?
What’s wrong with my wilting aloe Vera?
Advice on LED light periods for cactus
Plant gel growing medium
What is this caterpillar I've found?
Flower with red blooms and six petals
Whats the name of this plant
Could the pictured plant be buckwheat?
What is this tree and do I need a pollinating partner?
Do I have wood chips or mulch, and why do I want it?
What is this beautiful pest that affects my garden?
How can I fix a Water Mint invasion in my creek?
black nightshade plant
Is this my Bee Balm or just a weed?
what could be the problem if a lawn mower not start completely for Craftsman Lawn Mower Model #247377440
What is this funniest-shaped flower?
Can you identify this plant just by its seed pods?
What wattage of LED full spectrum grow light is best for ferns?
pencil pine trees
Rogue Zone in my Irrigation System
What are the best planting conditions for primula seeds?
Why can't I kill bamboo roots with bleach?
Lawn care: bagging vs mulching the grass clippings?
How to tackle this disease on an apricot tree
Is there a problem with my Japanese Maple shrub?
Minimal conditions necessary for growing potatoes
Yucca Elephantipes Problems
Why did a dwarf mammoth sunflower grow?
What are these brown ladybug-like bugs with yellow and white spots on the back side?
getting rid of scale bugs by submerging
Is there a version of the Hoya bella that doesn't climb, or hang?
What could be eating my beet greens?
Why are my Dracaena Dragon Tree leaf tips discolored?
Ponytail palm Tree leaves turning brown
What is happening to my Ipomoea?
Water from tiling in yard constantly on sidewalk
Can anyone identify this plant
Garden smells of dog urine due to no drainage
Can someone please identify this seed?
Pretty little flower but identity unknown, any ideas?
What type of edible mushrooms can I easily inoculate in logs and grow in USDA zone 4a for full sun?
Can I prune conifers in the dead of winter?
What happens if I cut some of the roots of a cottonwood tree?
Spiders in my plant (not spider mites)
Can planting solve fly/insect problems caused by neighbouring pig sties?
Before plating aerate or not?
Can propagation by layering be started in the fall?
Sprinkling plants' leaves with water
Are there bugs on my adenium?
What extra benefit does air layering provide over just cutting it
Efficient potato digging
How should I eliminate spider mites on my big boston fern?
What's the right way to cut a tall, narrow tree?
Repotting an avocado tree
Can I grow basil in my avocado plant pot
Why are my ginkgo leaves turning in and yellowing?
How to tape a split cherry tree?
Does anyone know the reason potatoes should not be added to the compost pile?
They said it is a ginseng but I'm not sure what plant is this?
Why is my avocado plant dying with brown, decaying leaves?
What are some tricks to force vines to fruit?
Please help me identify this plant?
Does anyone know what happened to my Croton?
Plastic sheet for greenhouse
Emerald Greens trimming
English Ivy - browning leaves, what's happening?
I bought seeds for Calendula Officinalis Sunset Buff.
Design concept on land scape
What word would you use to indicate the type of a plant?
Identify this UK flower that looks like a snowdrop
Can you identify this flower?
Can you identify that flower?
What's causing mottled leaves on my Schefflera?
Is my basil plant dead
Is it true that sunflowers improve soil structure?
My song of india plant have these light brown spots. What are they?
Which kitchen and garden scraps can be scattered on a vegetable garden soil?
Reviving a very old rose
Unusual tree identification needed in eastern WA - white-backed leaves!
What deep sky blue flower is this?
Why are the leaves on my young avocado tree drooping?
Identify this plant with a pink flower spike?
Mango plant drying leaves suddenly
Is this a sucker? Can they grow above the graft line?
What are these raised brown sections on the backs of the leaves on my pear tree?
What's going on with my Aloe plant?
My marigold is dying. Please help
Does Tagetes Filifolia transplant well into an indoor window box for the winter?
Height of deer fencing
What is this aromatic plant with narrow leaves and tiny white flowers that grows about 8' (2.5 m) high?
How do I erosion proof a hillside with mycelium?
Work mechanism and added value of higher speed of simple sprinklers?
How do I properly utilize a broadcast spreader when overseeding?
How to promote upward growth after the leader has been pruned back?
What is this plant with five petal flowers and serrated leaves?
Identifying a grassy plant from South Carolina
When are the best times to prune or trim leylandii?
Can I leave front yard without lawn exposed in winter?
Large fig tree fruit rotting on tree and falling all over the ground
Does my bay tree need plant food?
Separating lettuce seeds
Is this mint infected/dying/salvageable/reviveable?
How much sun for a hellebore plant?
How to promote multistem tree growth?
Areca Palm's leaves are drying. What should I do?
How can I deal with a heavy infestation of mealybugs on my potted Mandevillas?
Why are these plumeria leaves yellowing, browning, then dropping?
Can anyone tell me what type of chillies these are?
setting up raised garden beds for spring. what is best mix but affordable?
Palm tree Queen
French drainage design for backyard
What drainage can we do for the area with utilities lines?
I've gotten this bonsai tree 2 days ago and I'm having trouble identifying this tree
In a garden path with scoria as a base and pebbles on top, will the scoria rise readily to the surface?
What to do with my baby pineapple: Parenting 101
What illness/pest has this dipladenia and what to do with it?
What is this pest I found on my chilli pepper?
What types of sorghum works well for syrup and sugar cane?
Why is our grape vine setting new fruit all season long?
Bartlett pears are all shaped like apples this year
Please help identify this plant
How long can rain water be stored in tanks?
Interestingly deformed protea flower
Magnolia not flowering well
Do pineapples grow more than a single fruit when grown from seeds?
Protecting a pineapple plant from snow?
Identify a tropical foliage plant with variegated glossy elliptic leaves
What is this fungi/ mushroom we found on our walk?
Does anyone know what the name of this tree is?
I want to Mow a 50 Acre lawn
Do Chicken of the woods rubbings on trees work for propagation?
Heat and light a 6’x7’ room for plants
Pilea Dark Mystery Drooping
Do plants need to be re-hardened after being brought back inside?
What is this plant with an unpleasant smell and hairy leaves?
Guava tree pruning
Options to kill/remove invasive buckthorn
I Thought That I Planted Basil Here
Drying chilli plants
Humidity and Snake Plants
What this plant is called
My dog removed my yucca's bark, what to do
Help required in recognizing plant
What is this plant with curly leaves?
Please help identify this fern
Reuse of soil in a container garden?
What is this perennial that has accordian-pattern flowers with pink and purple tips?
Webs, black spots, and dying leaves- what disease is inflicting my plants?
What is causing my bark to fall off and is it normal?
How does someone make substrate for white wood ear?
Hundreds of unknown bugs on certain plants
Ivy browning leaves
Cactus spines turning yellow?
What is this purple plant with skinny leaves?
What is the name of this fruit?
Is this oak powdery mildew? How can I manage it?
Venus fly trap plant closes its trap but won't digest
training branched-olive sapling
Trellis for Upright Blackberries?
Keeping up the chili pepper ripening process while suffering from drastic climate change
Help with weeds in lawn
What is this ornamental plant with leaves similar to corn?
Potato vines dying
Tree Identification - shaggy bark
What is this shrub producing spherical fruits with maze-like skin?
Beetle infection
Rubber plant propagation, move to soil
Kentia Palm's Outer Leaves Are Browning Quickly
Re-evaluating my relationship with Gorse
Brown/Black spots on Jade Plant leaves
Basil cutting didn't survive after planting in pot
Can I grow blackberries (brambles) from cut back stems?
How old should a cottonwood be for me to start pruning it for bonsai?
What plant is this fragrant shrub/plant
Did I ruin my lemon tree?
Ficus elastica — Will its leaves uncurl?
Red Plant Growing in a Brick
Mortar Failure on Border Bricks
Mold on bark mulch in a green house
What is this strange plant called?
What is this succulent plant?
What are these yellow wildflowers growing in SE Wisconsin?
Does a Pear tree get more fruit on the side facing the sun?
Soil condition for catus seedling
How to care for this plant
Can I improve clay-like soil with little stones?
plants getting used to more water
Identify what kind of lime tree I have!
Do seeds get frozen and unusable, if held in a cold garage over winter?
Is this a weed? Colorado foothills... very tough
What is this purple wildflower?
Camelia leaf turning brown
Bringing pot-grown aubergines into the house for winter -- is it worth it?
Which synonym for seedcalendar is used most?
My 3 types of shiso is turning the same color, could it bounce back?
Stone Fruit trees vs cherry-blossoms
Fresh cowdung and baggase in lasagna gardening
What is wrong with my cactus?
Pindo palm seedlings, can or should I move them this small if they are growing on top of each other?
Is there anything I can do to save my cactus? Thanks in advance!
Chinese Evergreen plant
How much harvesting of Fomes Fomentarius is sustainable?
How should we care for a rosebush in a large container (too heavy to move) over winter?
Aloe Vera - Few Tips are yellow and drooped
How to transplant Amaryllis (naked ladies)?
Is there any way to save delayed tomato plants before temperature gets too low?
Help identifying a cactus
A relocating friend gave me their potted fig tree which is now thriving in my ground - but no flowers or fruit!
Devils ivy plant leaves are growing with a cut in them; what can I do to prevent it?
Is this a fremontodron vine or flannel vine and what is the zucchini looking things growing from it?
Identifying and Propagating Roadside Tree
How should I move a plant indoors without bringing in bugs?
how to best take care of a xanthosoma sagittifolium?
White mold or insects on magic basil plant
Dracaena leaves yellowing: too much water?
What kind of cactus is this and why are these black bumps forming on it?
When to trim ivy-full hedge to avoid bees and wasps
Are blue spruce, pines, and evergreens "stable" in strong winds?
White object under pomegranate tree leaf
White flies / aphids on Parsley and Herbs in Winter
Is this a quince and safe to eat?
How do I harvest acorns from a Palestinian Oak (Quercus calliprinos) for planting?
Ivy, that can be used for fence, which is healthy too
How to safely use insecticides for Gesneriaceae plants?
Can I take the seeds of the plant Strychnos nux vomica out of its packet with bare hands and sow them in my farm with bare hands?
How long will it take to grow branches back on a Green Giant?
What is this shrub growing in my back yard?
What is this plant with pink and yellow flowers?
Are there methods to grow adventitious roots at an arbitrary point of the stem?
Can puffball spores survive freezing?
Curly avocado leaves
Green and red chillies on same plant
Do tomatoes produce seeds that are true to the parent plant's characteristics?
What is this mass of ground cover with rose-pink "bead" head flowers
I was wondering what species of tree this was, I need to know for my studies and curiosity
Can I save my Dwarf Umbrella (Schefflera) Tree?! It's suddenly dying (possibly my cat?!)
Name of this Tree/Plant
Name of this Vine
Can I touch the leaves of my pinguicula?
How low of temperature can hot pepper plants tolerate?
Broadleaf evergreens for an unheated greenhouse?
What is the eucalyptus-like tree?
Identification of a shrub
Giving Miracle Gro fertilzer to prayer plant
One Thread Graft - Two Branches? (Cherry)
Does anyone know what flower this is
Is this evergreen with yellow branches sick?
Is my cactus dying? Or what is this?
Controlling leaf litter in a pond
What kind of cactus is this?
Help identifying two unique house plants
How do I propagate chaga?
Is my rubber plant unhappy?
San Pedro tipped over and broke
storing my electric lawn mower over winter
Name of this plant So i can propagate it
What is this large leafed tree?
How can I have lettuce growing year-round?
How to straighten a leaning Ponytail Palm?
Identify plant?
Indoor lucky bamboo
Dirt mound in backyard
What plant is this seed of?
Strange plant or weed?
Why are my tomato plant leaves turning brown, shriveling, dying?
Liriope muscari - why no flowers?
Best plant to provide barrier hedge
Are my pineapple plant and papaya plant saveable?
need to identify a perennial that has black arrowhead shape on leaves?
I need help getting ridding of this weed in my flower garden
How to stop ax getting stuck in log when splitting wood?
Can These Plants Be Saved?
Will interwoven espaliered fruit trees of different types hurt or inhibit each other?
Pineapple leaf discoloration?
What is this disease is this on my basil and mint?
How can we save the trees in our historical garden from dying?
Are black spots on Areca Palm contagious to other flowers?
How to sanitize used paint buckets before gardening?
How to branch out rubber tree
Water accumulation with big pots?
Handling a Cherimoya Tree
Where to prune an indoor avocado tree?
Tiny thin black bugs with white stripes on tomatoes
Tiny Flies eating my freshly germinated seed stems
Why is the bottom of my cactus discolored and soft?
Dry & sandy bare spots
What's wrong with my indoor Areca palm with leaf blight?
Peace lily leaves with small, round bumps. Is this normal?
Is this a Mockernut Hickory (Carya tomentosa)?
Is this avocado plant suffering from hard-water build-up?
Young cactus identification
Why is my avocado tree dropping its leaves?
I can’t figure out what’s wrong with my aloe
Identify tree with gray ridged bark and large cordate leaves
What is the name of this tree in our backyard?
I need help identifying this plant
Weed identification: will this spiky vine with bulbs kill a future flower garden?
Is there an herbicide that will kill broad-leafs and not hurt moss?
Moving red leaf corkscrew hazel
Cactus shoots drooping and turning olive
What is the appropriate spacing for 3' x 5' bluestone pavers?
Browning aloe leaves - what do I do?
Can I replant the propagated branch into the same pot that it is coming from?
Is composting just stacking organic waste together?
How can I care for my dwarf meyer lemon tree with leaf drop?
Can I plant a Nordmann Christmas Tree in my garden?
Dionaea miscipula (venus flytrap) laid over the ground
What kind of plant is this ?
Umbrella plant drooping leaves
Black spot on leaf of cardboard cycad (zamia furfuracea)
Kentia Palm problem
How can I grow an apple plant from a pip?
Part of my bamboo is dying & Small bumps near the branch growing from the node
Can i rob Peter to pay Paul
Plumeria Leaf Spots
Brown strawberry Leaf
Spider web covering all my plants
Red Berry Pyracanthaspleas
What is the name of this flower
succulent identification :)
Do ravens or crows cause damage to your garden?
Cactus Identification? Are the buds real?
Bury Rodents Compost
Can the filter papers in coffee K-pods be used for composting?
Why are the ends of my strawberries not formed properly?
Prematurely flowering wallflowers
What flower is this with long numerous white and purple petals?
Are there mulling spices that can be grown in zone 5 northern USA?
White Bead on an indoor pepper plant
Pins and needles after removing nettles
Looking for a Full Shade Vine to Grow in Zone 10 using a Trellis on Stucco
Please identify this flowering shrub with white bell flowers
Newly planted bulbs in pots outside
What safe containers are there for planting edibles?
Young Indoor Lychee Trees: Do I prune?
What's the name of this plant
Storing bare root trees short term before planting in permanent location?
Repotting my cactus
I have a question about a disease on my green beans
Losing chamadorea elegans stalks
White spots on succelent
Magnolia leaves browning and falling
How to clean the salted water in my pool to to water my plants and grass?
Replanting and propagating old Lucky Bamboo tree with newborn stalks
What type of Sansevieria is this?
My particular geranium situation for winter (must keep it at desk at work, can't do it at home)
Can i cut my pineapple (Ananas?) leafves?
Can I root a 5 ft branch of ficus lyrata?
What is effective AND reasonably safe for getting a controlled burn going?
How to care for sweet basil plant in a humid climate, such as Hawaii?
What species of tree is this?
How close to a PVC stormwater drain can I get with a retaining wall post?
Is this a tomato plant?
When should I prune espalier apple trees?
How hot can soil get if daily temperatures persist above 100°F?
Guide for the nutrient requirements of hydroponic plants,
Taking cuttings from pelorganium
What type of weed is this and what is an effective way of removing it?
What type of soil for transplanting bamboo?
Should I feed wild rabbits in my garden in winter?
Why are my potted outdoor Plumeria leaves turning yellow and brown?
Can I take many cuttings from one stalk?
Damaged Canadian Hemlock EverGreen
How to reclaim my backyard that has turned into a swamp?
Plant ID Needed - making my dog sick!
Which will produce a neater block of low mass planting, Lonicera pileata or L. nitida?
Is this some viral / disease on my plant?
avocado plant recently replanted into larger pot is drying up - is being watered
Anyone know what this plant/algae is?
White spots on leaves
Plants not growing well in containers despite taking all the measures that I could read about
Unsure if Bell Pepper plant or not
how can i save this rosemary plant?
Will a forest trail that's not regularly used always become overgrown?
Reviving rubber tree - almost all leaves are gone - one shoot left
What does monkey weed refer to in southwestern Idaho forests?
What's wrong with my basil plant?
Should I water my indoor plant with warmer water during winter?
Strange spots on leaves on rubber plant (Ficus Black Night)
How to help an avocado plant recover from plant transplant shock?
How to treat fungus on indoor avocado plant leaves
Winterizing young climbing roses
Possible reasons for coriander seedlings dying off
The English name of yellow seeds fed to pet birds like budgies?
What is happening to my Agave attenuata
White-ish powdery spots on my strawberry plant
How does a slasher mower cut?
String embedded in overgrown lawn - how to remove?
Using a syringe to dispense liquid fertilizer
Does anyone know the name of this purple flower?
Can garlic be planted in the winter, in hardiness zone 5 inland northeast USA?
Name of this variegated plant
Hydroponics and transparent water container
Can trees be propagated/started over winter indoors, or would that 'tire them out'?
What happened to my kumquat tree?
What type of disease is my rose suffering from?
Growing hibiscus in an 8a zone
Repot dragon fruit in a definitive pot
How to fix my indoor potted avocado plant?
Trying to find a plant in SC
my 8yrs old orange tree does not flower at all
Rats! There are rats destroying my pumpkins!
Taking care of Euphorbias
Can I throw a plant that has white flies into the compost pile?
How should I take care of this succulent?
How to prune chili plants to help recover from transplant shock
What is this house plant (looks a bit like rocket salad, but succulent)?
Unhealthy orange tree
Plants name, help.
Grow carambola/starfruit in a pot?
Bringing citrus back to life?
Flies on gardenia
How to avoid asymmetry in back muscles splitting logs?
Golden Potho stem is yellow however not the leaves
Aromatic firewood: What is the fastest growing prunus plant?
What is this dry flower?
Why is my Dracaena leaves turning yellow?
Dying Peace Lily
Kalanchoe - thin leaves and white spots
What's the difference between stacked and trellis when supporting tomatoes?
Is there any harm in burying a cable 6-10 inches under the lawn?
Is this a kind of wild mint?
Building a raised garden from old garden furniture
How to identify emergent Eau de cologne mint flowering stem?
What would cause the pH of a hydroponic system to go up when the lights go off?
Why are my avocado plant leaves brown and brittle?
How should I care for this avocado plant?
What are these brown and white patches on my jelly bean succulent / sedum rubrotinctum?
Why aren't my year-old apple seedlings thriving?
Why are my tomato leaves yellowing and withering?
What kind of tree is this with light bark, small leaves, and purple flowers?
does fruit tree absorb pesticide and fungicide from the root level and will persist inside the fruit it produce? (specifically lime and date trees)
My poor sick apple tree - what’s the mould?
Aloe plant needs rescuing
Whats on my rosemary stem?
What is this flowering tree/shrub with red flowers?
Is My Tamarind Tree Dead?
What plant is this and how can I grow a cutting?
Plant ID - Small Evergreen?
What is happening to my Serrano Pepper?
What are these black and white spotted areas leaves on my basil plant?
Lime tree after drought developing suckers
Sour orange tree
Spontaneous reappearance of Horse Chestnut Leaf Miner
How do you go about identifying cypresses?
Why is this happening to my spider plant?
ZZ Plant Not Growing
Irregular growth on roses
Why does this sage look different than what is in stores?
Peach root fungus?
My Venus flytrap’s mouths won’t shut
can anyone help identify this?
Multi planting in one pot
During a warm-spell in early winter, can dormant hardwoods survive planting? Even if frozen temps are a day away?
Is this how cucumber seedlings react to cold?
Why are my strawberry leaves turning brown at the tips?
Parfuma rose plants growing one long branch
What can i do with this Aloe Arborescens?
How to grow a tree on steroids?
What is the name of these flowering trees in Sydney, Australia?
Can leafy vines be used as shade?
Agroforest guild of apple, hazelnut, and black locust?
Drooping Aloe? Is my Aloe healthy?
Corn already has tassel but not female flowers
Can trees starve for water as they get bigger?
Has anyone made their own capstones?
How is variegation returned to a Sansevieria 'Laurentii'?
Identification of red rose with mild fragrance
Identify potted plant
Small greenhouse humidity maintenance
Will Bradford pear suckers produce flowers?
Identify this flower
What is this square stemmed waxy houseplant?
Miniature Peperomia Pilea depressa, losing leaves and color
Creeping thyme has no fragrance
What are these tiny reddish brown insects on basil leaves?
Fiddle fig transplant cutting and rooting
Brown leaves on shrub
What’s the ideal slope for draining a garden with clay soil?
Could you grow potatoes like this?
Growing a zone 5 tree in a zone 3
Small, spikey plant, maybe in the aloe family?
Identify the plant
South/East Florida tree to help identify
What is the name of this plant that has flowers resembling white filaments?
Avocado tree - brown leaves black underside
Why this plant attracts a lot of flies?
My avocado plant seems to be dying - what to do?
Calathea advice needed
House plant recommendations for disabled elderly gardener
How to save a 4 foot pink Mimosa tree with root damage?
Can someone identify this vine for me which seems to be wrapping tightly around many trees?
What flowering tree is this and how can I grow it?
How to soak and sprout hazelnuts?
What flowering plant is this in the New Orleans, Louisiana area?
messy curry leaf plant
I can't identify this plant
New growth on my schefflera is yellow
Why did my hibiscus flower size reduce?
Can someone identify this vine? It is growing up and wrapped around the canopy of a tree
Could someone help me identify this please?
House plant identification with smooth leaves
Small succulent (cactus?) identification
Crop rotation: by season instead of by year?
Fraser fir Christmas tree doesn't seem to be soaking up water any more
Echeveria black prince leaves getting soft
What is this plant with the unusual Leaf
Can you identify this plant?
Single Dahlia pest infested. Help
What is this plant and why are the "leaves" yellowing?
Fogponic system nutrient and ph dosing automation
Identify plant with a spiky leaf
Professional propagation of succulents by cuttings
What's this plant with fragrant leaves
Buxus sempervirens - Deformed leaves
Help identifying my juniper bonsair?
Baby Chillies die when I put them under LED
Black Patches on Watermelon Peperomia
What is this succulent? I can't find it on Google Lens
Should I replant or leave bent leaves on my aloe plant?
How should I prune my tamarind?
What’s wrong with my Dracaena Marginata?
Identify this tree?
What's wrong with my tamarind?
How long would a typical Everstart 12v lawn and garden battery last?
Resource for time until maturity and yield of fruit trees?
Trailing vinca....sap?
What is this tree? Tell me please
Burying large amounts of burgen
What is the recommended elevation between the water table and the growing surface?
Why doesn't onion bulb sprout?
Are mondevilla adequate to cover balcony?
Why is my plant turning white/yellow
I want to change the look of this place
Growing and planting a beautyberry tree from seed
Leaves on my Dracaena reflexa have died because of cold and I trimmed them
Building a planter box against a wall with above-ground footing
Part of the citrus leaves are dull and dark graying
What is the shelf life of vegetable seeds?
Which tree branches break the least?
Help identify this plant
What is wrong with pedilanthus?
Does anyone know what kind of plant this is?
Tomato Plants indoors over the winter
Dead flies around my Sansevieria
Is powdered cow dung cake a good rooting medium for bulbs
Ficus benjamina variegated has all white leaves on a branch
Scraggly tangled Monstera
Where to cut to grow another tree?
Geranium plant yellowing of leaves - watering vs. fertilizing
What is this small perfume-like flower and how can I grow cuttings?
What is a good replacement for Click & Grow "Smart Soil"?
What is this tree and how can I grow a cutting?
What is wrong with my Christmas flower?
Calculate fruit yield year-on-year, given yield at maturity and time to first fruiting?
yellow growth on plant roots
Almond twin seedling
What is the best time period of the year to graft a tree/plant and what is the best time of the day to graft a tree?
Digging French Drains - Rent Mini-X or Tractor Loader Backhoe?
Can toy/ dry clay be used as an alternative to grafting wax?
Plant identification and care
Sago Palm - Won't put out more than a few fronds at a time
What are the challenges of growing Venus' flytraps in India?
How to apply Colchine for doubling the ploidy of plants
Is it possible to revive this hedge?
What kind of soil does aloe vera prefers?
What are these black/brown patches on my corn plant
What is this fruits ? pingpong ball size, skin like balsam pear
Should I re-pot these coffee plants?
black dieffenbachia leaves
Can a half broken tomato stem heal with assistance?
Strange plant growing in my pot
Is this pest? Please help me get rid of it
Why is my Aloe losing leaves?
Gardenia Buds dropping
Getting rid of fruit flies on in-door pot with peas
Identify this plant?
Please help Identify this plant?
china doll tree
my sago palm is yellowing
Cheap play tunnel construction
Why are my neighbor's front yard sprinklers causing a large water build up on my front lawn?
Bulbs start shooting too early in the year
drooping peace lily
Can I take cuttings from hydrangea?
How to create an indoor gardening?
Is waking up a plant or a tree in winter harmful for it?
Will a punctured stem harm my pepper plant?
Is this some variety of peace lily?
What should I do with a secondary shoot on my lemon plant?
Why is my Areca palm dying
Should I plant anything under dwarfing apple trees grown in containers?
Save dehydrated transplanted shrub
Thick roots need to be removed and/or chopped
Ficus Elastic strange leaf shape
Why are my violet leaves no longer pointing up?
Are these insect eggs or some sort of fungus?
Tulip buds suddenly dying
Ragweed that has lost its' bloom and now has a cott0n type substance
Should I cut off roots that grow out from a pot's drain?
Kentia Palm Yellow Stems
Fungus and splitting or rotting on palm trees
Instead of using 54W 6500K T5's, can I use 54W 5000K T5's?
Can I put mealybug-infested kale in my compost?
What is this group of tiny succulents?
What must I do to save this kalanchoe?
Young avocados drying out despite water?
Kalanchoe's stems becoming red and roots growing on them
What are the ideal conditions of this flower
What is wrong with my strawberry plants? Nutrient deficiencies? Should I let them flower?
Can the african violet be propagated by leafs
Will creeping thyme kill off tall grass?
What herbs are known as bad for deer deterrents?
covering gr. house crops during extreme cold
Whats wrong with my Basil sapling?
Whats wrong with our two Jasmine Plants
What are these brown spots on my rubber plant?
Protecting trees from String trimmer
Identify an Aromatic Plant
What is this seed pod?
Which pesticide should I use for the orange trees?
Kind and color of orchid
Cure a lucky bamboo with severe conditions
Can someone identify this plant?
Diatomaceous Earth, Ants and Skinks
Worried about personal health after dealing with houseplant potentially infected by fungus
Can Hyacinth be grown in tropics?
Please help me identify this houseplant
Potted tulips are drying up
Small cactus identification
What is wrong with my succulent?
What is this purple flowering plant?
Identifying an office plant
What is path made of?
Help identifying plant name
What type of Central Arkansas weed is this?
Cut marks on pothos leaves
Name challenge - Pothos, Ethos, Logos
Fertilized reservoir for automated watering system
What kind of cactus is this, and why is it drooping?
What is this coloration on my Pachira aquatica?
Need repotting advice for my small red maple (hopefully to be bonsai)
Planting and landscaping around a grave
what are these white hard 'bubble' spots on the branches of my 18+ year old Weeping Japanese Maple?
Can anyone identify these small orange growths? They're just over an inch long and just appeared in my North Florida backyard
Growing tomato's and other plants inside
What's wrong with this Manchurian pear
Is my avocado ok?
Black spots on echeveria leaves - cause?
Wellingtonia and disturbing roots
Poinsettia leaf growth
I think my lime tree is dead
What is the difference between Big Lifeberry, and Sweet Lifeberry goji berries?
Succulent clean up and growth
Boiling water to kill weeds?
is it a good idea to throw part of a mushroom in the bottom of every plant hole?
outdoor fuchsia leaves purpling
Is it safe to consume fruits from plants grown in metal cans?
Wounded rhipsalis hanging cacti
How to seal board gaps in raised bed garden?
How many grape vines would i need for a pergola that's 18ft by 13ft?
Ficus benjamina variegata: drops leaves but grows new branches
Pine tree falling
Identify the large central plant with sword-shaped leaves in this arrangement?
Propagate Ti Leaf Plant Cuttings In Water
Co2 enrichment with exhale bags
Regrowing a ficus from suckers
Meyer Lemon Tree
How to position main stem of grape vine once it reaches top of pergola?
Can bonsai be made from a walnut seedling?
Can I grow two poinsetta in one pot?
Durability of stone over concrete?
Should I use creeping types of plants to cover walking paths in my veggie gardens?
Frost bite frozen jade plant with no leaves, please help
Should I replace an apricot tree that was mowed down to ground level?
Rule of spacing between roses and vines
Dying/dead peace lily? Any hope of reviving it?
Can I keep a succulent plant on my office desk?
Information about the pollen of gloxini
What should I do next to take care of this cactus which I grafted two years ago?
Frostbitten cactus, turning yellow and black, can it recover?
Keeping healthy grass in play area
How many Gribnoe Lukoshko tomato plants are suggested for 1 person?
Can someone help identify this plant?
Why growing fruit trees from seed won't yield the same fruit of the same tree?
Haworthias in polystyrene pellets potting-soil when pumice not available
Help! i don't want to kill this plant
Chille Plant buds are falling
My Cat ate the top and many of the leaves of my Oak Sapling; advise on how to stimulate growth
Wildflower seeds in a pot
Can I save my Dieffenbachia from the cold?
Gloxinia has twisted leaves
By cross-pollination of two gloxins we will get new hybrids?
What is this climber called?
Can the bulb of the gloxi split into two by cutting it?
Why is this cane growing slow, and having yellow leaves?
Getting a Garden/Landscaping Design reviewed
Tomato plants: together or separate and replant?
What to do for the young avocado plant with brown spots on its leaves?
Distance and spacing of LED growlights for propagation
How to save this Kalanchoe red lips?
This plant doesn’t want to stay alive
Correct spacing between roses
Areca Palm splaying outwards?
Neon pothos turning green. Why?
How to help a cold-damaged miniature rose
Succulents in silica sand
How can I control scale insects on an indoor olive?
Viburnum Tinus buds getting dry
Urgent treatment for Echeverias, in mid-winter
Fittonia Root Rot (Overwatered)
Indoor cat palm is dying
Trying to identify this houseplant
Coriander legging
Mango plant drying out after rubbing off white small insects
What is my Sago Palm releasing into the air and is it seasonal?
What is this very nice looking cactus/succulent?
Does amyone know what type of bonsai tree this is
What are these spots on my new bamboo palm?
perlite on its own for succulents
Are cherries from the market irradiated?
Why do the leaves of my new Chinese Evergreen turn yellow even if I wait 5 weeks between watering?
How far should wires be if nailed straight onto a brick wall?
Help! What is wrong with this Coleus? Overwatered? Underwatered?
How much sunlight is required to grow a coffee plant indoors?
What is this 20ft tall vine-like trunk?
White spots on cactus
Is overhead watering bad for all flowering plants?
Is a metal stock tank okay for worms?
Pruning Echeveria/Graptopetalum/Pachyphytum flowering stalk: What does it do?
avocado plant from water to soil
Is this some fungus?
Is 90% - 95% humidity too much for mint / basil / tomatoes?
what is the yellow/tan thin crust on both of ceramic pot holding an indoor palm plant
Areca Palm - Expert Assesment Please
Which Fertilizers to use?
Could you help me with the name of this plant?
Is my Kentia Palm beyond saving?
White residue in leaves?
What is this black bug on my tomatoes
Help revive cactus?
Are these bugs in poinsettia leaves?
Why is my cactus limping?
How do I prevent oak trees from sprouting on lawn?
do frogs love to go into wood chip gardens?
What are these worms in my peaches?
identify a transparent stem plant?
How to identify unknown chili plant
Is aloe supposed to grow like this?
How to prepare these Hydrangeas for healthy growth in Spring and Summer?
What is the best way to train a star jasmine up a wall?
Why are my corn plant's leaves turning yellow?
Brachychiton Populneus Trunk Cracking
What is wrong with my hibiscus?
What’s wrong with my succulent?
Can poinsettia be propagated by cutting?
Is it normal that one of my Aloe veras isn’t as thick as the other one?
what is the difference between biannual plants and biennial plants
How messy are male American persimmons?
How far apart should rafters be spaces on pergola if used specifically for the purpose of growing grapevines?
Tomato leaf discoloration cause?
Should I prune double "trunk" of orange tree seedling?
Internet says to plant bulbs 3 or 5 times (depending on the bulb) its own depth. What if you're planting in clay soil?
Is that an Elm tree?
What kind of cactus do I have?
12 year old peace lily
What should I experience with growing the Auntie Wilder type of Phaseolus Vulgaris?
Unknown tree/shrub with star shaped seedpods, white flowers
Why are those Marigold leaves turning white?
Does heat affect spathiphyllum blossoming?
What are the most essential things to include in a gardening journal?
What triggers echeverias to grow large leaves on their flower stalks?
Organic matter in organic fertilizer
Garden plant identification
Why are the furled leaves on my Philodendron Hope Selloum brown?
I thought I was growing cauliflowers
What’s this orange stuff growing on my snake plant?
What kind of fungus is this? (I assume it is fungus!)
What's the name of this succulent?
Why is this cactus plant turning yellow at the base?
Ant colony at the base of young tree
How to revive a low nitrogen and rocky soiled lawn?
What is this fast growing plant?
What is the average Haney Test composting results for a pile of wood chips?
How should I set-up and preserve an oak barrel planter?
How do I get my lawn back to how it should be?
Wooden fruit crates as edging for lawn
What is this weed with beautiful yellow flowers?
Planting on shale filled patch with weed underlay
Looking for deciduous trees to provide shade
Does spreading blood around the edge of the garden work to deter animals?
Why is my cactus losing its thorns?
What is the difference between replacing soil and amending soil?
My bonsai tree is dying
Spider plant soft discolored leaves
Brown spots on echeveria
Pale green areas in new leaves of Draceana fragrans, disease?
Alpinia hainanensis K. Schum. cuttings
Flamingo (Anthurium) leaves turning yellowish
What is this reddish tundra ground-covering plant?
Plant ID help please
Dying vinca plant
Advice on saving rubber plant
Shrub name request
Can anyone tell me what insect this is?
How to care for my potted avocado plant
Why did my hydrangea's flowers die?
Indoor plant leaves blackening- help! It may take over second plant
Should I cut off hydrangeas' early blooms?
What's the average brix scale difference between Stowell's Evergreen and Blue Jade?
Christmas cactus: brown spots
What is the most effective plant for in-house oxygen production?
This beautiful Aloe is dying! Please help?
Persimmon tree care
Need tips on how to take care of my slightly browned basil plant
Leafs turning yellow and fall off rubber fig
What the name of this houseplant
Yellowing of very young garlic plants
Can I reduce the amount of dirt that collects in corn salad / mâche?
Twin corms formed by gladious plant
Ideas for small no low-maintenance plantation
What good smelling grass grows in USDA ZONE 4A?
Does limiting plant size decrease life-span?
Why the stores sell trees that look like bushes
What is this plague-like thing in my lucky bamboo? Is it damaging?
Walmart plant ID
Is there a tree whose branchs intertwine together?
Seedling chilli plant - not quite right
What is this red flowering plant in the background shown in one of the episodes of "better call saul"?
Avocado plant with brown spots on the leaves
My bouquet of roses has green leafs. Can I plant them?
What to do when urea fertilizer is overused for a plant?
If a pineapple is actually a berry then can it be grafted onto another berry tree?
What happens when you grow your plants in essentially worm castings?
Is there a climbing flowering vine that is both deer resistant and not favored by bees?
identify this bush/plant?
Identify this bug attacking rose buds
Can I make a sapling out of this part of the plant?
Drying a pot of fresh soil vs drying a pot of soil with bugs
Why does my Hoya seeds?
Should I separate the cilantro plant stalks? I bought a plant from walmart
Plants to stop water erosion on a hill
Is there such a thing as ant castings?
Identify a plant and recommend how to save it
Identify this plant or shrub
Three organic avacodo pits, two are one color, the third is another
Floor for greenhouse
Does ash from cigarettes help plants?
Do plants feel pain?
American Beech Tree Problems
Where can I plant with septic?
Best soil decision for planting succulent seeds
White fuzzy balls on jade plant roots
Strange looking rubber plant leaf
What is this shrub with red stalks
LED light or Indirect Sunlight for Hawaiin Tree Fern?
Please help- brown patches on my Dracaena?
Lemon lisbon issue and Brown branches on orange tree
When and how to repot this cactus?
Chilli Plant Leave Tips
Will galvanized hog paneling hold up vegetable and fruit vines?
Brown bits/discoloration on Aloe Vera plant
Stressed plant - how long before pruning?
Drying Oregano and Mint
Side yard flooded, low spots near patio, nasty bare clay spots.. best route to take?
Removing Bushes and ground cover weeds. Do I completely change the soil?
Areca Palm just dry, or something more sinister?
What are the bright green patches in my Fescue grass?
vacation care for indoor plants
New topsoil has puddles on it
pH and aeration of water
The Tree of Knowledge according to Enoch
Is my azalea dying?
Excess Zinc in garden soil
Can an large acer survive being cut right back
What's the shortest wait time for spreading pre-emergent AFTER putting down new lawn seed (patching)?
What plants are suited for a shallow pot?
5 year old Lucky Bamboo is dying
Purple edge on black berry leaves
Who can tell me the name of this plant
Getting lemon trees to branch
Can someone help to identify this plant?
Euphorbia milii (crown of thorns)
Avocado leaf veins problem
Plant evodia close to the house?
Rue and cats/dogs
Small tree identification - Pacific Northwest USA
What type of soil do I have
Install roll edging in lawn with variable slopes
Spotted and yellow avocado leaves
Getting Hindu rope plants to branch
Cherry tree fungus
Gardening in windy areas. Is investing in climbers a mistake?
Planting zoysia plugs in clay soil
Mineral-oil spray on my cacti
Is my aloe Vera dying
What is Brassisca Pink?
Adjusting recommended sunlight hours depending on region and radiation level?
Identify brown dots on tomato plants
Is the pictured plant an Aloe kilifiensis?
What exactly term 'companion plants' means?
Help - kentia palm dying
What is this short plant with feathery red-tinged silver-green evergreen foliage and all-yellow flowers?
Black branch tips on Ming Aralia
Dracena Marginata has new leaves growing white
Why is this tree refusing to shed its dead leaves?
Pruning an ignored 8 year old apple tree
The water in my cactus oozed out when I moved the pots and now it is kind of deflated, is it dead, is there any way to help it?
How to kmow if a young rose is a climber
Baby chillie buds are falling off
Growing multiple stems on Dracaena
Carolina Reaper problem
Plant identification - Dracena White stripes?
What is this indoor vine with variegated leaves that feel like velvet and are soft to touch?
Is there a camera that I can use to search through gopher holes?
Small cactus with woolly sides identification
How to plant the right tree in the right place for shade?
Name of this plant
What plant kind of shrub is this?
School plant identification and care
Cheapest and easiest ways to level my lawn
Bonsai tree leaves turning brown and falling
Why is no-one using my insect hotel?
Spring, Trimming a Redbud - Wrong time?
Have I butchered this apple tree or It was just the right thing to do?
Best practices for watering plants with geothermal water
How much to water Raspberries on a drip line?
Which plant is this?
House plant growing mold -help!
Drainage question; tall, cylindrical pot vs stouter one
What can I do to reduce standing water in my indoor large pots?
Can I use lava rock as a substitute for sponge rock for my Hawaii's Anthurium?
What can I do for this apple tree in utah?
Best way to rescue overgrown lawn that sat all winter?
Avocado tree - multiple indications, not sure what is the issue
Will Sage, Oregano and Thyme grow well together in the same pot?
What is wrong with my fence plant?
How close can i plant perennials to a grapevine?
What's the best way to start plants when incorporating fungi into the starting mix?
six foot avocado tree (indoor)
Diagnosing yellow spots on my cactus growing under artificial light
What does "an extremely popular host plant" mean?
What causes young peppers, lettuce, arugula and basil to "faint", dry out and die?
Kentia palm gets brown/yellow spots on the leaves and has no growth
What can cause bubbling mud?
I found a stray turtle. Will it cause damage to my garden if i bring it in?
What kind of flower from the Yucatan Peninsula is this?
When moving large quantities of mulch, are more tines worth it on a pitchfork?
Should I buy a lawn mower with or without a cord?
What is happening to my Ficus Benjamina
Is this a cedar tree or juniper?
Does freezing hurt winecaps?
Dying rose plant
Plant appears to die quickly
Venus flytrap pollination
Plant identification help
How to prune this newly bought cherry?
Is something wrong with my ZZ plant?
Preparing the area for a raised bed
What is this tiny hitchhiker weed, and how can I kill it?
Finding How many hours my orchard have been under 7°C
What kind of chilis have purple, red and yellow fruit?
What is a safe mix of diesel and petrol/gasoline to start a burn?
What is this spring white-flowering shrub?
Will moss affect my indoor rubber trees?
When a compact Echeveria decapitated
Trim/Flashing for Flowerbed Next to House
Regrowing basil from bought plant
Cover crop - cutting rye before it flowers
No pressure in irrigation system
What kind of palm/plant is this?
Should I thin my pine trees branches due to winds?
Tulasi plant (basil) leaves are turning black, collapsing and then dying
Bugs eating all the leaves in the garden bed
Crippled nectarine tree leaves
'Climbing' black mulberry (morus nigra), is this real?
automatic watering system for indoor plants
What do you call this plant?
what is the name of this cactus/succulent?
Turning my existing lawn into something more presentable. Will tilling kill everything so I can start from scratch or do I need herbicide?
What are these things on my apple tree?
Tomato Sprouts is this normal?
What do I do with this pile of branches, collected from pruning?
House plant seems sick
When is the best time to fertilize my lawn? And how often should I do it?
Bugs on Back of Leaves
Identification of plant with quick growing oval leaves, red flowers and pea-like seedlings
Plants for under blue spruce tree
Need advice for pruning indoor Avocado saplings
What element is needed to turn Hydrangea flowers blue?
Identify this weed
Something is wrong with my jalapeno plant
Identify a succulent with gray-green whorled leaves with a mosaic-like pattern
Help in identifying this weed with toothed leaves, tiny white flowers, found under snow cover - FOUND: ID - Thlaspi arvense
Day or night (The best time to apply pesticides)
Potted trees stored in cool basement are leafing out early, what to do?
seeding a lawn over a ground stump
Name of plant in picture
What is this wiry plant with thin leaves and white flowers that turn pink in spring?
Can anyone identify this plant? (Thessaloniki, Greece)
Help! My cat broke the seed pod off my mango seedling, Will it still grow?
Where to cut plant to regrow?
Plant identification - small rubbery leaves
Will my arborvitae survive the deer
Plant (weed?) Identification
Why do compost piles warm from the outside in during the springtime?
What is this grassy weed in our lawn?
What type of grass is growing in our lawn?
My raspberry in a pot grows babies next to it
Non-toxic method of controlling spider mites
Why are my newly planted Honeysuckle leaves turning purple/brown?
Leaves on barbeque rosemary turning yellowish
What variety is this tomato with long, milky green branches?
What is the exact species used for the canned magic beans?
Why are my orange trees dropping new leaves and getting dry?
Can I inoculate crabapple tree logs with mushroom plugs?
Can japanese beautyberry handle wet feet?
Making emulsion out of slaughterhouse waste
What is causing my macadamia nuts to have tiny holes in them and are then hollow inside?
Are these spots on cucumber plant leaves from insects?
Monkey Puzzle Tree wilting/dying
Please Id this plant
Soil prep work for sod installation
White stuff in citronella plant?
Can this fittonia argyroneura be saved?
Can anyone identify this spreading weed?
Is there any saving this Chinese Evergreen? I'm a newbie and am not sure what the issue is
Can I save my tomato plants?
Is there any chance for this cactus?
Should I repot these pineapples?
Help identifying succulent
Can one can help with my capsicum plants?
Less invasive alternatives to willow for living structures
Name of this Plant - Yellow center and edges Green
What is the name of this plant, please, and how do I propagate it ? (pic)
I need information for this plant
Are mulberry trees great for the shrub layer?
My aloe Vera plant is getting flat leaves
When should I prune my forsythia?
What variety of euonymus is this?
Cut-off cactus piece not showing signs of new roots, should I plant it in the ground anyway?
Newbie with yellow/falling avocado tree leaves
should i trim the roots of my phalaenopsis
Dealing with overgrown gravel and weed membrane
Extreme leaf-falling from Azalea
Epiphytic(?) Cactus Identification Needed
Whats wrong with my snake plant?
Is something eating my peperomia?
Low-maintenance vermicomposting in a tall bin?
Is it possible to save this aloe?
Does comfrey make a great garden perimeter?
What kind of early spring SW Idaho weed is this?
Can you propagate comfrey by stems?
How to prune my first Japanese Arce bonsai tree?
Should I throw out soil after rot?
what happened to my Acer tree leaf
What's causing this severe yellowing and spots on areca palm leaves?
how long is it safe to walk on fresh grass seed
Most effective method for growing moss outdoors?
Grow out a pollarded fruitless mulberry
Plant recommendation for a home office
Scale like skin on indoor dragonfruit plant. Help!
Identify houseplant with waxy dark green oval leaves with pronounced ribs
I don’t know what’s happening with my cacti it had brown spots on it and it happens a week ago I think
Help identifying this plant with purple and green fleshy leaves
Mulch + raised garden for a desert water saving Vegetable Garden?
Unknown insects attacks on lemon plant
How to get papyrus houseplant to grow more fully?
Plant identification with purple flowers
Fast Growing Shade Tree
What disease is this (tomato plants)?
Growing fruit at a higher hardiness zone
What are these Cacti? Are they Healthy?
Sequencing for tick, weed and fertilize treatments for lawn
Will fruit/vegetables split with heavy constant watering?
What depth is required for a raised bed vegetable in Southern California?
My (future) Hoyas have nowhere to climb, they will hang. Is that OK?
Plant has yellow things on it
Advice on caring for large potted Ficus Benjamina
Is this a Muehlenbeckia?
Do blueberry bushes do well around pine stumps?
Does comfrey go below the surface water table?
Identify plant with long narrow paired leaves and reddish stems
anisodontea capensis "strybing beauty" - cape mallow - leaf holes and green loss
What kind of plant is this thorny bush/vine in my yard?
What is this half-white tree
How to prove an avocado grown from a seed is not a Hass?
What is the minimum a tree/bush root needs to be planted in the ground?
Hello, flowers of my caqui tree turned brown any idea why?
Can I save this dire-looking plant?
What is this clumpy 20-30 cm high yellow-flowered plant?
Why is this clementine/mandarin tree so small and why has it stopped growing?
do wood chips insulate better for cold than heat?
Moldy apple core in potted plant
Ground cover for this area
Why are "naked" LED lamps so deadly?
Sansevieria disease
Carolina Reaper leaves colour doesn't look correct
Is this Orchid dying?
My garden is still mud, and it's 2 weeks after the normal last frost, should I plant seeds yet?
Cherry tree sweet/tart sun needs
Why is my marigold drooping
How long does it take for a Nepenthes vine to grow?
Chilli plant not bearing fruits
What is this plant growing along wires below the ceiling?
Surrey woodland - what is this plant?
What cactus' disease is this?
Some True Date Palm Questions
Cutting branch and stick it in pot?
What variety is this chilli plant?
Apple tree concerns
Deer issues with my cherry tomatoes
Wilting fittonia
Is it ok to cut surface roots of trees?
what is this white thing that is attached to the small stems and leaves of this guvava tree?
Shall I cut off the suckers when my apple tree is in bloom?
What are some good vegetables or fruits that grow well only in afternoon sun
Is this a climber? Any idea what it is?
Could anyone inform me what tree this is?
Can you easily see mycelium when it's conquering territory?
How to get rid of sprouts on the trunk of my willow tree
Do I have a Crepe Myrtle Bush or Tree?
Is this a bronze birch borer infestation?
What are plants that are good to grow in pots?
Himalayan Succulent Identification
How much late spring cold have damaged my walnuts
How to help this avocado tree?
How to get rid of really thick ivy carpeting some ground?
What is this suculent-like plant
Anti-fungal after pruning a honey locust?
How much rain is too much to garden in?
Can you identify this garden plant from my old home?
please, help to identify bush
Fresh Bermuda sod, completely filled with crabgrass -- is this normal for the first year?
How to revive my licuala grandis?
pineapple plants
Scoria coarse "sand" for my Haworthias and others
Husqvarna R322T AWD blades engage with deck up after replacing middle belt
Thrips in strawberry plants
How to grow purple yam from the grocery store?
what to plant after daffodil dies out
Why is my Four O'Clock plant (Mirabilis jalapa) dying?
What could this plant be?
Red aglaonema drooping
Did the cold weather kill my grass seed
Is it too late to top this cayenne chili plant?
What type of weed is this
What is happening to my Areca Palm
Help with Hydrangra hybrid identification
how to seperate corn at root
When should I spread wildflower seeds in tall grass with a broadcast spreader?
Murraya koenigii (Curry leaf plant) root system
hoya in the garden, behind a pergola
planted 100 tulip bulbs and they did not bloom
What is this ground cover?
Can a manual push mower give a good cut?
Why are the leaves of my peace lily plant turning yellow?
Help identifying a rose?
Should I take precautious measures?
Monstera (Swiss cheese plant) brown patches on leaves
Brown thing around Mango leave's veins
Straight 8 cucumber problems
Japanese Acer Growing Oddly
What is this plant with unusual leaves and buds?
What is this serrated-leaved plant?
Will a mowed down tree sapling grow back?
Ornamental grasses losing shape
Will pimento plant grow in direct sun in outdoor?
What's wrong with pine tree?
Is my Acer Palmatum Bloodgood going to survive?
What is killing my Green Button Woods?
What are these small white balls that appeared on the soil in my greenhouse?
What is this tree or large shrub with pink flowers like snapdragons?
How to introduce an overwintered banana tree back outside for the summer
I have a grass like flower plant. What is that
What are these seeds from China, that are supposed to grow tea?
What is this on my peach
What do when your flowering plants shoots its growth?
Is my laburnam tree dead?
Yellow leaves tips
What is this problem on this succulent?
Will a 6' circumference tomato cage work?
Acer problem with sparse leaf growth
What is this flowering tree
Beginner Gardening Question
I need advice about climbing vines/plants for my handicap ramp
Where did potatoes originally grow?
Hive of bees / wasps nesting inside pine tree
How much space should I leave between apple trees and elderberry tree?
Filling up 2’ deep patch to plant lavender
How to support/stake/cage a large amount of tomato plants economically
Are these "wild" blackberry bushes?
I rescued this white leaf nerve, fittonia, exotic angel plant for $1
what is this blue mint/lemonbalm?
Weeping cherry tree
Is this red habanero plant overwatered and how should I save it?
What are these wooden posts ringed with copper tubes for?
What should I use to get rid of some kind of weed in my onions
Recommended plants for a 10cm diameter by 10cm depth hole in a log
Ants are farming aphids on my cherry blossom
UV radiation to kill algae on stone
What is happening to my pepper seedlings?
How can I help my plants adjust after moving apartments?
Cross pollination with a new tree propagated by air layering
Found a seed in my garden and planted it
How many Stephanotis species in cultivation, and how diverse?
Why my tomato plant branches become dry?
Wet pre-sprouted seed potatoes, is there an hurry to plant them?
how quickly do ants colonize an area in the springtime?
Avocado tree looking poorly
What does irregular watering mean?
What viburnum is this?
Will Salsola grow through wood chips?
Elephant ear plant a bit limp and discolored
Herbicide for shameplant and not grass
I need to identify this Unusual plant growing in pot in my garden
Starting Zucchini, Bell Peppers and Tomatoes from Seeds
If you can hydroponically grow White Sage starting from rock wool
Does this palm look pruned right?
What is this serrated-leaved plant with white-yellow flovers?
Help identifying. Is this a weed?
Hardening Off Cucumber Plants
Planting new between established cedars (emerald)?
how can i stop my dracaena growing to tall?
How and when should I train my new climbing roses?
Could watering a lawn with champagne help it grow better?
What are these grub in my flowerbed?
White spots on underside of plant leaves
Is this a chili disease or just bad treatment?
Fruit cherry leaves got eaten by something?
Starting Raised Garden Beds
The garden balsam doesn't seem as healthy and fresh as it used to be
Mysterious Brown bumps; bugs, bug eggs, or maybe disease?
Spool flies off
help - stripes appeared in artificial grass lawn!
How Can I Make Sure These Gerkins will Produce Fruits?
Is this plant a young black swallow-wort?
What is this succulent and is it savable?
What is wrong with my acer (and can I save it?)
Do herbs & spices need dark time, in order to develop flavors and nutrients?
Dark spots showing up on furniture, etc. under coco palm
I over-fertilized my lawn
Pesticide for plants?
Black spots on basil leaves
What is wrong with my mango tree, it’s loosing colour
Can anyone please identify this flower?
Dangers of powdery mildew
Little brown spots on my variegated rubber tree
Anyone know what these white grubs are?
Orchid rehabilitation (wrinkled leaves, one root)
How does removing spruce tips affect the tree health and growth?
What is this flower?
My Marigold plant that I started from seed is starting to droop, what do I do?
Can I regrow this branch?
Transplanting Tulips from Northern to Southern Hemisphere
Tree identification and problem diagnosis
White bug identify
Is it ok to plant tomato plants in an old slightly rusty lawn cart?
Understanding tree rings and estimating the age of this tree
What are these pale blotchy spots on the new leaves of my draceana marginata?
Weird black egg-like things on cherry fruit tree leaves
Fixing bad shape almost dead shrub
Training Japanese vineberry
How to reduce leaf size on Ash bonsai
What kind of weed is this?
Acer Palmatum Garnet Dissectum
Does cardboard suffocate plant roots?
Insect Infestation of Chinese Elm
What is this decorative plant with small white flowers that blossoms in mid-May?
Will chili fruit ripen if it's a bit cool?
New potted dwarf Myer lemon leaf drop? under-watered?
Found this inside an orange. No rot or any other marks on the skin. Does anyone know what this is?
Sprinkler head pools water while running only
Can I keep this tree without it destroying my fence?
Unknown tree in my garden, not looking so good. What is the tree and is it salvageable?
Spacing for Loquat trees
How do you move bonsai across the US safely?
Aloe ferox or aloe broomii?
What can I do for Newly Potted Jap. Maples Have Leaves Drying up After One Day in the Sun?
What is wrong with Plant
Do I need to cover newly planted seedlings when it rains
Is this Mulberry stem still alive
Need perennial cover crop/grass suggestion
Will a maple tree grow back after being cut down to a stump?
Pruned apple tree didn't flower?
I poured straight vinegar on grass, can I save it?
What proportions should be mixed of urea, wine caps, and dirt?
Does urea or blood meal displace naturally occurring npk in the soil?
Does gas chlorine, fluoride and polyphosphate used in treating water affect soil life?
Dark green patches on aloe vera
How to combine watering and fertilising of Bonsais
Drying sedum. How can I save this plant?
Hardware cloth for Virginia Bluebells?
Do these watermelon plants show signs of mosaic virus?
Recent tomato plant foliage growth suddenly covered with black dots
What is this plant with furry leaves
Bonsai leaves turning brown and dropping
What is this plant (looking like oenothera?) with creamy flowers?
When is the best time to apply GrubX and Weed&Feed?
Erigeron not flowering
Identify bug in leaves?
Have I killed my Acer?
Is my yard not usable?
Will growing Toothache Plant (Spilanthes) in an area that holds onto moisture under wood chips be OK?
Strawberry plant or not? It has jagged toothed leaves. I didn't plant it
What Species of Trees are These?
Krishna Tulsi leaves have yellow spots
Trying to identify several weeds
Help identifying cause of yellowing fruit tree leaves?
Please help identifying
Identify brown stalked weed with seed pods
How do I get rid of onion weed in my garden beds?
What is wrong with my plant? and why is it turning yellow?
Japaneses maple
Tomato leaf veins bloated and white
Palm Tree Identification
Help identify this tree, please
Understanding magnolia propagation method
Help Identifying This Burdock-Type Plant
How good are seedlings at bouncing back after cold weather?
Mulch/compost over partially exposed roots
Is this bug on my wisteria harmful?
I'm trying to identify a rose
Avoiding chilli cross-pollination
Is my red oak tree dead? Only suckers growing:(
Tomato Plants wilting
Old leaves of Chinese Elm bonsai have gone brown at the edge and yellow at the center and then falling off
Sugar maple transplant stress or root rot?
Tomato Plants Suddenly Weak, Falling Over and Yellowing
My acer tree looks unhealthy/is dying - Pls help!
Does anyone know what type of plant this is with heart shaped leaves?
How to seed grasses correctly if the area has moss and lack of sun
Please help identify this plant - we are worried!
Help save my baby tree we got as a honeymoon gift
What is the proper way to prune a multi-variety stone fruit tree being trained in fan shape espalier?
Does anyone have any pointers on battling Japanese Knotweed?
Help! Why is my pepper plant experiencing dogs vomit slime mold?
Grass in my bulb garden
When is the best time to transplant hibiscus
How and when to separate a small tree from a plant
Rumex? Burdock? Perennial fast-grower has us stumped in Illinois
How to diagnose brown spots on dogwood leaves
Measuring leaf blower force
Small white spots on rose leaves
Advice on deterring ants from living in an indoor plant's soil
Did the landscapers kill our redbud?
Xeriscape substitute for boxwood?
Is this a female date palm?
Is it safe to eat these lightly spotted mint leaves?
Growing Veggies from Seeds
Tree not getting leaves in one section
Help me identify this small plant and how to take care of it
Fall leaves in river rock
How to prune a Zelkova seedling turning into a multi-trunk tree?
Do I use grass seed or just weed and feed for dead lawn spot?
Mango seedling has stem and leaves but no root!
2 Pepper plants in 1 pot - remove one?
Venus flytrap is yellow, growth stagnated
Could date palm pollen sold as a food supplement pollinate a female plant?
Avocado plant growing too tall, can I prune it without any leave growth
Plant ID - is this Dame's Rocket? pink-purple cluster, long leaves
Is a dwarf ficus lyrata the same species?
Can anyone help me diagnose issues with my rubber plant?
Identify this in soil?
Manually dying mulch
What kind of brain mushroom is this?
How do I properly cut and cultivate my lemon trees to keep them smaller?
What is this plant, please help
Can a ficus tree survive a fan?
Does anyone know what is growing in my sweet pea soil?
Mower deck is losing power but the engine stays constant
Saving broken branch of begonia?
What kind of Iris is this?
Why do you get stem wilt from mulching around fruiting night shades on the surface?
Why my capsicum leaves are looking like this?
What F1 in name of seeds/varieties means?
Could mosses absorb enough carbon dioxide indoor?
Heliopsis helianthoides spreading, bulldozing, and wreaking havoc
What is this tree
Identify leafy green plant?
Bonsai Ficus, recently repotted now roots growing from surface
Is it possible for indoor allergies to be aggravated by potting mix?
Not sure of the problem with our new Dwarf Orange Tree
Stratifying Trees
How to support heavy old alo vera?
Edging lawn with soil running over paver for years
Discouraging Strawberry Runners
I don't know if this is a shrub or a weed?
Is this Papaver rhoeas or some other papaver?
What is this ground cover that looks like tiny cactus
Is this burnt from fertilizer?
What is this plant and the white stuffs?
Making an outdoors wick-watering system for tropical plants
Weak Tomato Seedlings 3 weeks in
Persimmon tree - leaves turning black
Propagated pothos not growing
Optimal Raised Garden bed layout
Tomato Support Structures
Yew tree taking moisture
What causes purple spots in basil?
What causes curled leaves in ctetanthe pilosa?
Yellow spots on cactus, brown spines
I repotted my dracaena marginata in an oversized pot. Now that I know this is incorrect, should I repot it again to a smaller pot?
My nectarines looks sick - what to do?
some of my rhubarb leaves are turning yellow, should I pick the larger leaves, and leave the smaller ones alone?
Why do people say rhubarb flowers, when I've never seen it flower for me?
Browning of the blueberry bush
Are "Jack Frost" Brunnera and "Alexander's Great" Brunnera the same cultivar by a different name?
What is eating the leaves on my hibiscus plant?
What is this white web-like, mold-like thing on the plant
Are my beefsteak tomato seedlings doing okay?
Avocado pruning and repotting advice
ID rose bush please
How much water do Acmella oleracea need?
Tree fern burned fronds, browning leaves? (Pictures)
leaves are falling off amaryllis, is this natural or do I cut them off?\
What mushroom inoculation method works better?
Is this a gopher?
What are these red-brown markings outlining the cells on the underside of this fiddle leaf fig?
Cutting branches of a spruce and avoid resin
What is this plant growing in the middle of my bush?
Spots on underside of a tomato leaves
Discolored tomato plant leaves
What is a plant-and-animal safe way to kill a hive of yellowjackets?
What to do with moss on rock?
Acer Palmatum Dissectum Trunk Problem
Transplant aloe to several pots?
Planting a pot bound Acer in the ground in June
White little larvae/insects on the trunk of my Pilea
My nephew is growing a plant for his pre-k class and idk what it is
Brown spots on alovera
What is this ground-hugging "weed" with small purple flowers and fleshy stems?
What is this feathery reddish/white "weed" that has popped up in a meadow area?
How do you grow a mushroom around a ring?
BLACKENING on edge of pear tree leaves & shoots
Drooping peace plant
Why doesn't my berries and cream mint taste like strawberries and cream?
Lavender is white
How do I save my chilli plant
What are these marks on my apples?
What's this coarse, dark green grass in my lawn?
Poison Sumac or something else?
How to use hazelnut shells in the garden
Lawn fertilizer burn?
Why is rice farming more difficult?
Cactus identification
What bore a hole in this rose?
How to completely overhaul a weedy flower bed
Peach tree leaves turning yellow
What tree to plant on contaminated bonfire pit
Are my roses killing my Lavender bushes?
after removal of red tip Photinia, when can I plant a new Bush/Tree?
Kalanchoe leaves developing brown spots
ID this semi-invasive, large ferny plant?
how do I help my succulent with brown holes in the leaves?
No heads on my Venus flytrap
Why are my avocado leaves burning at the end?
Laurel leaves turning gray and black
Disease on Thuja Occidentalis
Can someone tell me what this 5 petal pink flower is?
Dark sunken spots on green tomatoes
No leaves on tree tops. What’s wrong?
Should i remove my prickly pear?
Leaf curling in curry leaf plant and white patches on stems?
Potential cause for wilting plum tomatoes in hydroponics system? (see picture)
Is my cactus being under watered?
Yellowing Zucchini Sadness
Pepper Seedlings
Why do Stropharia rugoso-annulata stems split?
Rex begonia dropping young leaves
Can I prevent my spider plant from growing more leaves?
Can dilute latex paint or bordeaux's solution be used to reduce winter desiccation?
Can put two Kahili ginger in the same pot that is 12 inches wide and 11 inches hight?
Can you grow one solitary palm shoot?
Identify this plant please (western Europe)
Plant seed from tree in pot?
Why is my cactus losing spikes?
Prune young shrub sappling?
Can mafia blocks be safely drilled into for fence posts?
What is the name and type of this plant?
can a purple onion plant thrive on water-only?
I need help identifying this quadricolor waxy leafed plant
Filling in a plastic pond
Please..Whats wrong with my umbrella tree?
Floppy Swedish Aspen
Is my snake plant dying or is this normal?
What's this "climbing" plant with small yellow flowers?
my Peace Lily is getting droopy but I’m not sure why
Do you need fertiliser for rockwool starter cubes?
Do you need micro and bloom formulas for plants without fruit?
Spots on hardy kiwi leaves
How old should be a tamarind plant to make a Bonsai from it?
Why is Norway spruce dead at top
Which soil works for Dracaena sanderiana (lucky bamboo)?
Moving asparagus to a pot then back in the ground a few months later
Remove a large sandbox from my yard?
What is this bush/tree?
What is wrong with my avocado plant?
Proper growth of pear cactus
Is Vigoro Triple Mix safe for growing tomatoes?
Peach leaves drying up and falling off
Do my zucchini have a chance?
Are my pepper plants growing at a decent rate?
How do I prune blackberries that fruit twice?
Anyone know what this is? Should I pull it?
Summer vegetable garden in SoCal
how to grow grass where an underground pool once was
How can I tell how old my fairy castle cactus is?
Any advantages/disadvantages to adding pistachio and peanut shells to my barkchip mulch?
Can Anyone Identify This Small Blue-Flowered Shrubby Plant?
Getting Ready to Move my Tomato Plants Outside
Optimally Starting Seeds
Problems with new cherry trees (UK)
Can I save my aloe?
Identification of tree and damaged leaves
How can i make watermelon seeds?
What seed is this? Oak?
Rosemary turning yellow
Ficus Starlight Leaves "Burn/Burn"
Support Structures for Green beans and peas
Trying to identify this flower or weed
Need help naming this plant!
Mystery plant...blooms like Peace lily but has different leaves
ID pine by cones and seeds
How to fix compact soil causing brown spots in lawn?
What is the problem with my lemon tree?
How do I get a mango seed to go from the first shoot to a healthy plant?
Not sure if this is a Croton tree?
Repotting Lithops received in mail are getting wrinkled
Desert plant looking like a stone / chunk of dried wood
Identify central European ground cover
How can I help out this cactus?
Plant found on lowland heath in south-east England
Going up with a drip-feed system
Does a eucalyptus tree cause damage to a building foundation?
Can a mix of a sticking agent and a bitter salt be used to deter deer and moose from eating trees in winter?
Strange growth on my desert rose
Identify this caladium?
How to differentiate between Albizia and Delonix Regia?
Stromanthe triostar help
What kind of echinacea is this?
Need help with this weed. Can anyone identify and recommend treatment?
Please help ID and getting rid of this weed or grass
How to remove the brush stumps?
What kind of echinacea is that?
what should I do about my pineapple plant?
My Meyer lime tree lost 2/3 of the branches
How should I improve boggy soil where a pond used to be?
Why do some of my lotus leaves look like this :
Need to plant these plants is it a good moment?
What are these little black bugs on my arugula in Denver CO?
White spots on indoor palms
Strawberry leaves have purple-red rust spots
Raised Garden Bed - Catch all support system
Are my petunias dying?
Mixing existing soil
White stuff in lemon tree branches?
Mushy Aglaonema stem with browning leaf tips. Answer asap please
Excessive browning of Peace Lily
Using own hair and nail clippings as fertilizer?
Best approach to take on half dead string of pearls
Plant identification for a shrub in Hampshire, UK
What is this Growth On an Eastern Spruce tree
Help identifying plant (North America - Midwest)
Are walnut tree chips suitable as mulch?
Brown spots on pineapple plant leaves appearing/growing
Young peach limb bent under load and splintered, can I mend it with a graft?
Why are my tomato plants wilting?
Do wood chips make tomatoes wilt?
My cactus is brownish at the bottom, is it rot?
Can my Arborvitae be saved after a fire?
Raspberries and Poison Ivy, Mixed
building a flagstone patio near fence with electric and telephone line
Why does my lotus plant look like this?
What is this giant 50cm flower?
Pepper Plants - Strange Spots and Colouration
Is this "ground cover", from a lawn in New York, Medic or Hop Trefoil?
Identifying possible causes of struggling peppers
Moisture rising in a beech tree - is it a sign of a problem?
What is this small plant with bunches of small white flowers that look like roses
cherry tree with wilted and dried leaves
What to do with new sideway branches of Hens and Chicks
Which type of bahia grass to plant
How should I prune my lilac to shrink it?
Replant branch?
Branches on tomato plants are curling under
What’s wrong with my Marigolds?
What to add to water that is safe for plants, but deters mosquitos
Yellow bugs on my trees
Why does this forsythia have such sparse leaves?
How to get rid of ants without harming the tree
Butchered elm tree
Cooked rice and peanut shells?
Fungus on mango leaves
What is my apple orchard soil type?
What are these white specks on my petunias?
How would a plant grow with light from the stem?
Single or multiple points of light for growing?
What are these white insects on Areca palm? What should I do about them?
Apple tree leaf problem
Please identify this weed/plant
Is this hogweed?
Suggestions on What to Plant - SW Ontario
Avocado from seed - to prune or not to prune?
What plant is this? A kind of Thyme?
What equipment to use for a large garden/lawn?
Determine species of figs, care in very wet Texas June, harvest time(s)
Determine species of pear and harvest time for this location (Central Texas)
can I save my cactus?
What are some organic-approved solvents I can use to make my own liquid agri-mixes?
I really need some help to save my aloe
Houseplant with dark green and cream variegated leaves
How can I fill in a hole where a pond was that is attached to our patio?
Adding 10 cm of cow manure to my orchard in summer without hurting trees
How do I naturally or organically add iron supplements for my plants
How do I trim the grass that's growing between the links of a chain link fence?
Repairing a young apple tree with a snapped branch
What type of plant is this ? Green plant
HELP - What Tree?
Do I need to separate out seedlings?
Big hole on young Gemini apple tree trunk
Colocasia esculenta leaves drying
Night Jasmine leaves
Mysterios but cool plant growing on balcony
Caterpillar/Worm/Moth Larva eating my Petunias
Holes in my Hibiscus
Okra Pest Identification
Yellow leaves on BloodGood Planetree
How do I cope with a wisteria gone wild?
How do I diagnose patches of dead grass?
Raspberries drying
Chance for a tree to grow from common seed
Chrysanthemums and double orange blossom
Fungus on my peppers? Are they struggling?
Similar to Nettles: What is it?
Is this green headed beetle with brown and black wings a pest?
Should roots of old herbs be removed?
Bay tree can't seem to do well
Small aloe watering help
White mold on pot of avocado tree
HELP for diagnosis: Young pepper leaves are curling inward with no pests evident
My cucumbers, tomatoes, and bean plant problems
staking tomato plants
What plant is this please?
Indoor mint leaves rapidly turning brown!
Build planter with just one box?
Using Roundup to Kill Weeds
Will my weigela come back?
Diagnosing white nodules on plant stem
What is this unidentified garden plant? Weed or shrub?
What's wrong with my chilli
My chilli it has strange colouring on the leaves
Red acer leaves falling
Something ate the Marigolds seedling overnight
Uk plant (probably weed) identification
Need help with Identification
Identifying a potential Greengage Plum tree
Fast growing green ground cover. ID please
What is happening to my flowers? Brown egg like balls? Flattened from stem
Why are my yellow cherry tomato plants not growing or getting more fruit
Can Anyone ID This Rose?
How long should I wait before planting water propagated english-ivy?
My olive tree's leaves have dried out but bottom of trunk is sprouting. What should I do?
Should I cut off the weaker of 2 cucumber seedlings in the same hill?
mulberry fruit shrivels up
Which plants relate simbiotically to chillis?
Cilantro is looking different. Has it bolted? Why is it drooping?
Do these verbenas need deadheading?
Plant/tree name?
Does anyone know which plant this is (5 purple leaves with green border)? {see picture}
yellow and dying leaves of grape vine
Will my mango seed live if the root is broken
What is this plant with large glossy toothed and grooved leaves
Caterpillars on Edelweiss
What are these black flies/gnats on my Zucchini Blossoms?
Is it safe to burn Wisteria trimmings?
What is this plant growing in utah, usa
Apple tree disease
reseeding patchy lawn
Soil to buy for potted plants?
What to do about a flowering currant covered with white disease or fungus?
Brown leaves on pineapple plant
Java Palm Brown leaf
Do I need more vertical support for climbing roses?
My redbud tree in Maine
What are the longest pole hedge trimmers available?
What is the flowering bush called
What is this wildflower?
The color variations of Mirabilis Jalapa flowers
How long does it take Jasminum Sambac seeds to germinate?
What is this plant with woody stems and scalloped leaves
Is this Christmas tree?
Leaves turning brown?
A newly planted Persimmon tree has limp leaves, and black spots on them. What to do, please?
Spotting and dealing with water shoots
Can I recover my lawn from fertilizer burn?
Is this Prince's Feather or Love Lies Bleeding?
Peat Pellet Problem, Root bound after Transplanting
What should a new lawn look like after one week?
What is the meaning of 'Love Lies Bleeding'?
rectifying repotting mistake
Proper distance for planting zelkovas
Avocado seeds/stems, do I place in pot with soil, should I put them in a window?
Fell trees, chip wood, make path?
Fungus on bottom of Dracaena Lemon Surprise
Gardening. Potted cucumber plants
Neem oil and pollination
Please identify this beetle (?) that has appeared in large numbers
Mango sapling dying
Why do drops of water form on growing wheat grass?
Brown patches on Rainier sweet cherry tree leaves
How to make Grow Light with LED?
Cucumber plants wilting and dying outside during a rainy summer
Identify a shrub with pink new leaves and green older leaves
Citrus with spotty yellow leaves
Good-enough practice for transplanting raspberry at not-ideal season
What is this shrub with red leaves on top with spherical seeds? (PNW)
Vegetables and mulch
Indoor ficus leaves are turning brown and falling off
Mass Cane Dracaena Fragrans Massangeana Head Is completely turning on me - pictures
Is my Fittonia plant healthy?
Pot bound Acers with dropping leaves
What is wrong with these evergreen trees?
Areca palm dying
Is using sprinkler system in orchard a wise choice?
Are these stunted fronds on my date palm?
Lucky Bamboo and Water
How to know if my pond is leaking?
What is the right fertilizer for growing grass in a clay soil?
An indoor Meyer lemon with almost no leaves (in S England)
Identify Bush with large leaves in Pacific North West
A tale of two "pinch backs" (should some plants not be pinched back?)
Why is my grass doing better in the shade?
Chinese evergreen with clear droplet secretions on leaves
Mint Identification
Why is my philodendron yellowing closer to the center of the plant?
Spindly shrub in Pacific Northwest with green and purple leaves
This asian squash leaves got black edges
What's wrong with my Peony?
Yellowing bottom leaves on a Fuschia
Is my Hydrangea dying?
What’s this raspberry fungus?
Why are my aloe’s leaves flattening?
Should I trim back sun-damaged parts of my bamboo?
Kentia Palm browning leaves and yellowing tips
Fungus issue on unknown ornamental tree
Can good soil turn bad?
How to minimize rot when building raised bed from sleepers?
Are my compost bin bugs ‘good’?
Help with helping Pear tree recover
What’s up with my cactus
Can the bacteria in compost bin be dangerous for kids?
What is this plant with two kinds of leaves?
1 tomato plant out of 4 is stunted, light green, has brown dots on leaves + stem (no yellow)
Undersized fruit
What is this plant that is like 6 inches in height and fresh in the last 2 months?
New lawn renovation
How to prevent rot when growing herbs in just water
Gap between patio and fence
What is this weed whose leaves fold in at night?
How long can you store liquid tomato food after mixing?
How to create a bushy rose plant when leaves only appear on the top?
Small white worms in the garden compost
snake plant young leaf tip broken
Rose's and spider plants
Can anyone identify this plant/weed in Northern Indiana
Why don't my cucumbers grow longer?
Help Identifiing This Bonsai
Paw paw tree fruit
Saving a blueberry bush that lost all leaves
Leaf turning yellow on newly bought Chinese Evergreen (Aglaonema). What could it be?
Quick experiment to replace pavers with grass lawn
Newly planted Hydrangeas do not look good
Mint fertilized with geranium feed - not feeling good
New Vegetable Gardener - Planning Ahead
What is going on with my beans?
Is this actually a cucumber plant?
How to avoid "importing" insects when bringing plants into house at end of summer?
Mushrooms pushing up
Mango seedling's new growth is drying up
What should I do with buried garbage/construction debris I found in my new yard?
What is this cabbage-like succulent?
Indoor plumeria disease ... help!
what are these brown spots on my potato plant?
Is it a weed or part of the aloe vera plant?
Can I hand pollinate a single aloe vera plant?
Grass stops lawnmower pulls up grass
Is this an effective technique to propagate climbers with aerial roots
Tomato leaves and stems browning after fruits appear
spiny growths on lilac bush (Colorado)
Loss of blue spruce tops
Will cutting away root(s) of a tree growing under my basement floor kill it?
What is this purplish-pink succulent?
Is it a Peace Lily and can I rescue this?
What is this fiery-red succulent?
Using mulch over cyclamen bulbs
How to get rid of these small black bugs on gardenia
Japanese Acer tree, roots have grown through bottom of pot
Can I keep this (Celosia) plant outside?
What is wrong with my Hydrangeas
What are these weeds and how to get rid of them?
How many brown-spot leaves to trim from my fiddle leaf fig (Ficus lyrata)
Prickly pear wilting after being in the sun
Why are there no earthworms in my garden?
Will purple giant hyssop resprout branches from the stalk?
House plant diagnosis (Tradescantia Spathacea?)
Tall tulip very close to concrete slab
What to do with Tulip bulbs bought in the summer?
Why does this chili pod have spikes?
Should I harvest my potatoes?
My acer is sick and it’s getting worse
Does anyone know why my pepper leaves are curling up?
How to convert inches to gallons?
Black area on monstera leaf after week on holiday
Does anyone know what this is on my plum tree?
Why is my houseplant dying?
celebration bermuda grass from very brown sod
Piece of fabric in planter, how to use it?
How should I deadhead my peace lily?
Potential problem (root girdling) with citrus tree planting?
Half of my peace lily is droopy, the other half is fine
What is the crust growing on my ficus pot?
Can I save my apple tree? Trunk's been bored practically through
What are these white blades in my lawn?
Seed identification
What tree is this with reddish body?
What is my apricot tree problem?
Vacuum the debris from rocks?
Should I be concerned about my bell peppers
Fertilizing plumerias with homemade fertilizer
What are these red flowers and green plants?
Tips or thoughts on pruning old giant leggy jade?
Cactus id (Polaskia?)
Help to ID a bush / mini tree - we think it's euonymus japonicus
How to germinate guava seeds?
Practical to feed a pond from an existing stream on the property?
Are there any disadvantages to using a Tree watering spike?
How should I pot this aloe clipping?
What are first steps for a novice gardener?
Weed Barrier over tanbark?
Steps to Follow for Fixing a Patchy and Weedy New Lawn Which was Planted over several times
ZZ Plant Help Please
Why does my dionea muscipula (venus fly trap) look a bit sick?
Weed in Massachusetts: underground roots, skunky smell when bruised
What can I do if my Cannabis plant starts flowering early
What sort of tree
Having Various Issues With Multiple Tomato Plants
Is my Avocado dead?
What is this Euphorbia succulent?
Shaving 2 inches off the top of a 12 inch thick tree root for 3 feet
Avocado pruning, fertilizing and repotting advice
Mower sounds like its struggling to cut?
What is this presumably parasitic plant in an Oak Hickory forest in Eastern Long Island, New York?
Particle board for hugelkultur?
Areca Palms Keep Dying on Me
Why is my aloe turning brown?
Please ID deep green fuzzy-leafed shrub
Please ID leafy vine
Green moss/fungus on the soil of my Pilea plant
Red chilli plant, do I have a problem and how do I fix?
What are these bugs on my milkweed?
Brown flecks on Monstera Deliciosa
When and how should I harvest bulbing fennel?
How can I save my lavender?
I have hand pollinated my cukes but they are still dying off
Can I Save My Purple, Skinny, Lopsided Cactus?
What is this tree with corky wings on the branches
Should I clear rapacious vines from my garden?
Unknown tree in my back yard
Hosta-devouring weeds
Do plants germinated in heated bed need special care after emergence?
Is too much sun better than full shade for Haworthias?
What does the USDA zone range mean?
Contractor regraded and sodded to direct water away - grass now within 1/2 inch or at top of foundation
Revert lettuce to vegetative phase by cutting it down
Kentia Palm (Howea Forsteriana) is drying out
What are these very saturated-purple flowers?
Maple tree, drooping leaves. Can I help it look Fuller?
Need to relocate oak seedlings in Iowa
Rose leaves are getting yellow
Can a cactus be encouraged to "branch out"?
What is the name of this plant growing up in my Garden
Hedera Helix leaves developing brown spots
How to control fungal infection on Moringa
Crop rotation taking into account over wintering veggies
What is this plant? Is it edible? Poisonous? Thank you
Are these spider mites on my Hedera Helix?
Are there concrete plant-watering schedules?
What went wrong with my orchids?
What's wrong with my house plant? (Chamaedorea)
What is eating my Agaves?
Mulching Build-Up Under Mower Deck
Should I top or prune these chilli peppers?
Why is my chilli plant so leafy and small?
What Kind of Pepper Plant is This?
Sansevieria house plant snapped
What kind of bushy plant is this?
Black marks on peace lily stems
What kind of plant is this purple plant?
What is causing large white spots on my sweet basil seedling's leaves, and can the plant be saved?
August 2019 - Could anyone identify this rose for me please
How can I clean up my lawn from weeds? What kind of weed is this?
Moldy rubber tree plant
Why is anti-siphon leaking with just one zone?
How long can plants survive without light?
How to green and thicken my grass
Is this plant with spikes of pale purple flowers creeping bellflower?
Yellow Jacaranda or weed?
Disease on Morning Glories
Coral vine tuber not showing any signs of growing back
thimbleberry leaf browning
Can a Maple tree be pruned to grow tall and narrow?
does moss on maple tree harm it?
How big can a money tree grow
Grass variety in hot climate
Tomatoes seem to be stagnating?
Black spots on leaves of Rubber plant
What fruit trees to grow in clay soil - USDA hardiness zone 9a/10?
Portulacas (moss rose) bloom for 1 day then wither?
What type of chili pepper is my plant?
First year to grow gladiolus and they all seem to be the same colors?
viability of alocacia seeds after winter storage
Rooting store bought table grape bunches
What plant is this and how can I keep it alive?
Pumpkin vine no longer growing
Spots on leaves
What is wrong with my desert roses and how can I cure them?
Canna lily leaves turning brown
peperomia polybotrya (raindrop) rust / copper spots on leaves?
Reduce Waste | Starting Herb Garden from left over Herb Sprigs
Will small tomato plant thrive under strong heat sun?
Chrysanthemum flowers and buds turning brown and dying, leaves wilting and getting brown spots
How to bury water pipes in a nice and safe way
Automatic drain valve for drip irrigation
Help identifying a bonsai?
lawn-mower charging outside the area enclosed by perimeter wire
What is a white spot with a black dot on my peppermint?
Using Rain Bird drip irrigation tubing with quick connect fittings
Is this soil any good?
Can I plant a lychee in a pot?
Discoloured Malabar Spinach leaves
How level yard after removing planter boxes
What to do with a williow tree with a cracked split trunk due to strong winds
Why is my passion fruit's leaves are yellow? Is it dying?
Can I keep my Dracaena cutting in water long term?
Diagnosis - plumeria leaves are yellowing and falling off
Lavender turning brown
What type of weed is growing in my raised beds?
Red Amaranth in rainy season
What kind of plant is this small plant?
peace lily not flowering properly
Why did my Crassula Ovata sprout a new plant from the middle of the leaf?
Thuja green giants, one dead another on the way out
How to promote a Dracaena to branch
Nepenthes pitcher cups rotting and turning black
Is this Poison Sumac
Are these indeterminate San Marzano tomato plants "leggy?"
Intercropping garlic with white mustard and carrots
California Avocado Tree HELP
Gardening May Day trees
what is this Yosemite ground cover plant?
Transplanting Alocasia Odora Elephant Ears
Carolina reaper leaves turning brownish and veiny
Are hollow jujube seeds viable?
How is sumac preserved for winter?
How can I prune a dead brown inside overgrown confider leylandii hedge
Peach tree yellowing leaves with red veins?
Why leaves of my bean plant are as in this photo?
My friend’s pepper plant has some odd leaf lesions
What's wrong with my Acer?
What's wrong with my Amelanchier Canadenis?
What's wrong with my Pear tree?
A plant or a weed?
Avacado sprout dying
San Francisco planter
Can anyone identify this flowering plant?
Help identifying this weird cactus
What the heck is this?!? Can’t find its name anywhere?
Can anyone tell me the name of this flower?
Will this plant grow in pot?
ideas for redoing flowerbed
Strange Mutation in Toadflax: what is the reason, and is this normal?
Why is my Mango leaves turning brown?
Identify this plant and suggestions for how to propagate it?
Why are my Avocado Leaves turning bright red?
Curled leaves on Jojo plum and something rot like in fruit
Is this spider as dangerous as it looks?
Crab grass along margins of lawn
What is this shrub with berries?
What flowers will bloom in winter in hot climate?
Ground cherry problem
Vegetables for very small pot
Succulent Identification Needed
Pollenation from sterile plants
Fall planting of blueberries in Madison, Wisconsin?
Strimming/Trimming techniques?
Is it time to transplant these indeterminate San Marzano tomato plants?
Hibiscus started drying suddenly
Curled pink leaves
cherry tree leaf brown edge
Yellow leaf bush
Granny Smith apple trees fruit health
Please, what is the name of this plant?
What kind of seeds/pods are these?
Why are my Monstera's leaves turning brown and drooping?
Sow lawn in Glover field
Can you identify the genders of two pistachio trees from the photos?
Can roasted coffee as soil burn soft leaves?
Indoor Avocado plant leaves are drying up with dark brown spots
How to recognize when sunflower seed are ripe for harvesting?
Moving and replanting an avocado tree questions
Mexican Lime tree planted too deep, trying to address the issue early
How much feeding does soil need?
What should I do with this thinning cedar hedge?
Is this oregano?
Not sure what this plant is... Anyone?
What plant is this
Harvesting Rocky Mountain Bee Plant
Mist vs dripping irrigation for fruit trees
how long can i let a puffball grow?
What central Illinois fungus is this?
Sprouting Pelargonium seeds in rockwool plugs
Solanum mammosum withering
Brown blemishes all over my jade plant leaves
What is the name of my succulent?
Avocado leaves with yellowish/brown spots
sanseveria dying?
Weird brown fungus on moist surfaces that releases powder when contacted with water
Whitish film over mustard cake tea
Keeping Gamble's Oak at Bay
Should I wait for cotyledons to show before exposing seedling to light?
Type of lights needed for desert terrarium
Does the glyphosate in our urine make it improper for use as a fertilizer?
Can cactus live in water permanently?
How can I stop outside stone steps getting so slippery?
I have a strange growth on my cacti, around a flower
Fairy castle cactus
Why is my cactus yellowing and dying?
Why are the new growths on my Sago Palm withering and turning yellow/vrown
Maintain cactus without soil?
Neon Pothos slowly rotting
What's the ideal pot size for seedlings that will be transplanted outdoors as soon as possible?
What’s going on with my staghorn fern and how do I save it?
Viability of tree seedlings with double tip
Fine white fuzzy layer all over Ipomoea. What can it be?
Crinkled new leaves on healthy flowering ipomoea/ Morning Glory
Over or under watered?
Should I be removing the oldest limbs from my palm?
How to reduce plum harvest?
Help identify this seedling (baobab?)
Why do the leafs of peppermint plant look ill?
Identify this plant and fruit
Recover (probably) struggling Fittonia/Nerve plant
Concerns about Petty Spurge and toddler
Using tiles to build planter?
Completely new to fruit tree care, any tips?
Losing money fast! How do I stop the leaves dying?
Identify this succulent?
indoor plant prunning
Able To Save This Tree
What is this plant grown from a pack of annual seeds (UK)?
Flowers bend down - anything I can do?
Why is seed attached to plant even after growing?
