Did uncle of Grace Martin Wills (or perhaps of Matthew Nettell) own the Gosforth?
Reports of Run Aways, Homeless Children, Orphaned Children in ~1815-1830 PA?
Finding parents of Elizabeth Razor (b.1811) who married Fielding Hash?
Forced Emigration of Zipf ancestors from South-West Germany (Baden/Wurtenburg) in mid 19th century?
Place of birth listed on immigration docs but where in Russia is Kosnitza/Kosnitze?
Finding death record of John Annear (b.1750, Probus; m.1775, Gwennap) in Cornwall?
When, where and to whom was William Henry Rouse born in about 1832 near Truro (or Redruth), Cornwall?
Finding marriage record for Priscilla who married printer Henry Hughes probably about 1810 in Breconshire, Wales?
Seeking marriage record for James Slight and Elizabeth Boyd from late 1820s probably near Haddington, East Lothian, Scotland?
Finding online parish records for churches in Werdau, Saxony, Germany
Learning German scripts (handwriting and printing) used in 19th century records
Identifying photograph which may be Margaret Morgan (1808-1902) taken at Bridgend, Glamorgan, Wales?
Dating and identifying Penzance photos – are they of George and Fanny Wills?
Am I Hispanic or Caucasian?
What does a star symbol mean on a Marine Corps Muster Roll?
Pennsylvania cultural transition from German to English and guidance on Englishification?
Should brothers and sisters be added to family tree diagrams?
Could photo be Edward Nettell (1812-1879) and Maria Hocking (1811-1902) of Illogan, Cornwall?
What does "Do" mean in the birthplace field of the 1850 US Census?
Is there a place I can search specifically by birth date for a list of people born on that date?
Are records of Reed and Shaw, Solicitors of Cheapside, London, related to John Billin in 1845 likely to still exist?
Where was Charlotte Hancock, usually of Lewannick, Cornwall, for the 1851 Census?
Where was Matthew Nettell, of Illogan, Cornwall, for the 1861 Census?
Were James Smyth Stacy and family in London, Devon or elsewhere for 1841 Census?
Deciphering letters with "crossed lines" from 1813 Battle of Vitoria?
Where was Mary Ann Harper in the 1881 England census?
Who were parents of Nettie A Priddy born 1867 in Tennessee, USA?
Where to find Will of Giles Chichester from 1820s, probably in Somerset or Guyana?
Proving Jane Middleton of Somerset only Next of Kin in 1872 to Thomas Chichester who died 1838 in Guyana?
Average age at marriage in Highland Scotland in 18th century
Current name of Jatotowicze village from 1903 Russia?
How are the grandchildren related to the head of household in this census?
Generational Loss of Data with DNA Testing
What are the records that can be used in India to trace one's ancestry?
Where to find ship manifests for immigrants to Venezuela, 1946-1953?
How Complete is GEDCOM Export from Various Programs?
Genealogical records from Rensselaer county?
Was William Chichester recorded as Judge in 1841 Census at Dymock, Gloucestershire, England?
Passenger Lists for 1912 in to the United States, for ships near the RMS Titanic
European participant lists for the crusades?
How to organize your sources (digital system)
Were un-wed mothers documented in the United States in the early 20th Century?
Who were parents of Xavier Rebholz who was born 1826 in Prussia?
Catch 22: how do you know if a data provider's sub will be valuable to you — before you subscribe?
What churches in/near Ward 6, Albany, New York State might have baptized Scottish baby in 1854?
What does this Y symbol abbreviate in a Quaker birth record?
Interpreting Quaker dates in eleventh or twelfth month with only one year?
Where can I find Pennsylvania Archives Series II?
How to interpret Quaker dates entered after 1752 but referring to before 1752?
Can a child of a living individual request a birth certificate from Queensland Australia?
Returning World War I era German dog tags?
Interpreting comments and abbreviations on death record abstracts
Where to find records relating to people Missing in Action (MIA) during World War 2?
What could the numbers after an affidavit of a burial mean?
What is uniform worn by Herr Schedler in photo taken late 19th century in Hannover?
Are parents listed on marriage certificate "proof" of parentage?
How should I organise my family archive?
What is the origin or meaning of the photographed ring and pin?
How to overcome, within reason, constraints in the US on obtaining older records not yet at 50/100 year mark?
What is written after John Lark's name?
Are there any Genealogical / Historical Photo Request Communities?
How can I get Soviet era arrest documents?
Offline availability of commercially available online sources?
Using Windows Symbolic Links (symlinks) to avoid duplicating source document files?
Korean book listing family history for 5000 years - is this particular to a specific culture in Korea?
Deciphering an Intended Marriage from England around 1800
Unable to import data from Ancestor Research Tool (ART)?
Lists of ships arriving in US or Canadian Atlantic ports by date in 1912?
What does O.S. K.U.V stand for on a headstone?
Looking for information on fathers of children born out of wedlock
Does New York state have a central depository for divorce records?
Allegheny County, Lilly PA, April 1924 List of those Involved in KKK & Residents Clash
Requesting copies of WWII Draft Registration cards?
Meaning of the "(O)" and "(X)" in various places in name on Pennsylvania Early German Pioneers Book
Determining if family member was Freemason in 1800s?
What is the actual date of death for this self-contradictory death certificate?
Exporting my tree from Ancestry without latest version of Family Tree Maker
Why use name Ebzeebra for Ebbot Millman (nee Martin) on 1840 gravestone at Marystow, Devon, England?
Searching for great grandfather Arnold Kuhn who lived in Poland then Russia?
Did Edward Buten change his name from Edward Bulen?
Birth place points to Quaker Monthly Meeting
Find Austrian vital records?
Finding evidence for Daniel Denehy and Ellen Connors in 19th Century Wales?
Finding US immigration/travel documents for Ohio Denehy family from Ireland/Wales?
How to Audibly "Hear" the pronunciation of a text name or pronunciation coding?
Searching and analyzing Valuation Rolls in Scotland in the early 20th Century?
What is sibling of son-in-law or daughter-in-law called?
World War I Military service for Canada by Belgian living in USA?
Seeking English term for relationship between two members of extended family?
What happened to Nathan Stein and Sarah Goldberg Stein who were living in London 1897?
What does "Full Baptist Communion" indicate?
What does "Containing by Estimation Seven Days' Work" mean in 1810 Land Auction advertisement?
Building Genealogy/Family trees for Hindu families?
Finding Passenger Lists for Det forenede Dampskibs-Selskab A/S (DFDS) steamships, particularly from Denmark to UK in 1913?
Establishing identity of Edmund Rouse of St Clement, Cabinet Maker, Private in Napoleonic Wars and Weaver?
Confirming death details of gentleman born 1921, died 1970-75 (probably California) and buried in Wilkes County, Georgia, USA?
Middle name or two first names?
Denoting end of family line, no children in GED and other records
Determining location/address of Robert John Steven Sellers in 1900 from Sands and Macdougall Directory for South Australia?
What might occupation of "public school" mean in 1885 Sands and Macdougall Directory (for South Australia)?
How to identify individual family members / household size on early US Censuses Pre-1830 NY & PA?
How to reach out to strangers that could be relatives from an illegitimate birth?
Correcting Altered Records on FamilySearch.org?
Tracing Latvian Legion service records/internment/dp records?
Were nephews and nieces sometimes referred to as cousins in 18th century Cornish wills?
Recording place of death when that is hospital/home away from long term residence?
Claiming noble title of Earl in Ireland that seems to have died out?
Finding and ordering records for Civil War Veteran?
Birth Record for Son of Scottish Surgeon Attached to Canadian Regiment During US Occupation
What records document how African Americans received their Surname in early New York state?
How to explain this administration of Estate?
Should I preserve my family Bible in a cedar box?
Looking for origins of Johan Balthasar Bott from Mosbach, Baden, Germany?
What does 1851 UK Census "Relation to Head of Family" entry that looks like "Depen" mean?
Genealogical Standard way to record the US, USA, United States, United States of America?
Relocating christening record for Margaret Morgan, believed to be 1808 at St James, Bristol, England?
How do I unaccept a hint in Ancestry's online tree system?
Which notable developments/products were announced during RootsTech 2015?
Interpreting WW2 discharge papers codes?
Custom of hyphenated names in Germany
Finding 1896-1897 residence of William and Emily Mountjoy Rouse in Adelaide, South Australia?
Finding identity of Eliza Ann Wills who witnessed marriage of Grace Martin Wills and Matthew Nettell in 1865 at Redruth, Cornwall?
How to find cousin who lives in Grape Vine, Texas, USA?
Investigating Compulsory Acquisition of Land near Adelaide in first half of 20th century?
How can I add a second set of parents in Ancestry.com?
How to find out where someone died in 1952 United States?
How can I quickly source 'events' in Mac Family Tree?
Adding adoptive grandfather's surname in Texas, USA?
Records generated when transporting the deceased in the US?
What is occupation that looks like "Pre MJ" on 1841 census from Cornwall, England?
Validating Merchant Navy records?
Locating Charles A. Schuman's birth parents and birthplace in Germany?
How to find Guide in Romania for Jewish Ancestry Search?
How to effectively communicate your tree for DNA Matches in first contact emails?
Can we estimate the distribution of last names in 19th century Rhode Island?
Rule of Thumb for when Anglo-American surnames became standardized?
Finding details of recent Will in California?
Reading handwriting of David L. Aldrich's Occupation in 1860 Census?
What do index numbers mean in Rhode Island Register of Marriages, Births, and Deaths?
How to interpret a reasonable X DNA Match, but no shared cM Autosomal result on GEDMatch?
How to connect digitized images to a map?
What does the term "domestic" mean on the 1901 Manitoba census?
Finding 1832 birth details in Romania for Wolf Finkelstein?
Finding a birth record for Samuel McReynolds?
Interpreting relationships to head of household in 1855 New York State Census?
What was occupation of Skipper in 1855 New York State Census?
Finding where US citizen owned land and/or was registered to vote in 1855?
Where was Joseph Brown Lever for 1841 England Census?
Finding a marriage record for Samuel McReynolds in Oregon or Washington?
Where is/was location of Balintuger, Fife, Scotland?
Seeking Birth Certificate for Emilie Yznaga in New York City around 1859-1864?
Layout setup for Descendant tree in Gramps
Alternative software to generate family tree like Descendant tree in Gramps?
Big and public family tree as gedcom
What occupation is a "bottom puller"?
How long do results typically take for Ancestry DNA test?
How do I create a list of my most distant ancestors online or with a Mac?
What is the English equivalent to the German term “Spitzenahn”?
Finding personnel records for Railway Company in Panama around 1865?
Correcting mistakes in the 1940 US Federal Census?
A standard for names
How do I find information on a relative born in Romania before it became a country?
Where to find Brazil immigration records of ancestor from Italy?
Finding birth and death dates for brother who was born and died in Bucharest, Romania during 1930s?
Finding 1870 Federal Census image that corresponds to street address in Albany City, New York, USA?
Reading 1900 U.S. census record?
What parish records are likely for pregnant widow with 8 children in 1791 at Whitchurch, Devon, England?
Where can I access annual reports of the registrar-general for England after 1920?
Where precisely was Russian town of Osometz (1912)?
Apprenticeship records for Ship Carpenters at Glasgow, Scotland in first half of 19th Century?
How to identify formal military photos?
Interpreting Service Record of QAIMNS nurse in Egypt at time of Gallipoli campaign?
What are some of the main conventions used in Gramps?
Finding record of Peter J Starrs in USA prior to 1870 Census?
Calculating the relationship from the RAW autosomal result file between two individuals?
Where did the Vannoske's come from?
Citation of both folio and page in England census
Is it appropriate to include my brother's son?
Looking for 1901 birth/baptismal certificate in Poland?
What happens when a last will and testament enters probate?
Where can I find New York state probate records after the 1920s?
How likely is it that ftDNA made a mistake about my y-haplogroup?
Understanding Belgium, Antwerp Police Immigration Index Numbers?
Finding apprenticeship record for Blacksmith born 1846 at Illogan, Cornwall, England?
William Miller, private in the Driver Corps
Finding B.213 forms for Australian Nurse serving mainly in Egypt during World War I?
How to locate 1940 United States census pages by address?
Finding UK record(s) of British great-grandfather with children born in Japan during 1890s?
Finding Worcestershire parents of James Rammell, husband of Elinor Orrosmit or Arrowsmith?
Finding parents of Jacob Drager (b. 1825, Germany; living Michigan, USA 1900)?
What does the Anglican church terminology in this document mean?
Where was The Murray, South Australia?
Finding origins of Romanian grandparents born in mid 1920s?
Are South Australian Miners expected to appear in Boothby and later directories?
Finding the parents of Caroline Hipp in Bruckinthal Germany
Photos with Audio Descriptions and Acid-Free labels for photos
Returning German air force record book to family of Walter Schamberger of Sonneberg?
What does confy stand for in Missouri (USA) city directory?
Where to donate records related to South Australian United Ancient Order of Druids?
Married couple presented for fornication in Nottinghamshire (1631)?
What does "R F D" stand for in a city directory?
How to locate Missouri records for Goodman & Boller undertakers of Boonville?
How likely are 1915 Missouri neighbors with same last name to be related?
Finding descendants of British great grand uncle who emigrated to Australia?
How to approach newly found father's other family?
Approaching relatives with dementia about family history?
Is there list of apprenticeship types for FindMyPast record set called Britain, Country Apprentices 1710-1808?
Media links broken after migration from PC to PC with GRAMPS
Where to find Birth and Death Records for Bucharest, Romania?
Seeking parents' names for Shadrach/Shedrick Montgomery, born 1790 in Chester, Pennsylvania, USA?
Where to find 1900 Swiss census for Bern?
Did indentured servants in 1700s Pennsylvania receive different types of land warrants from what other immigrants to PA received?
Relationship between Baldwin II and IV of the Crusades?
How can I find which parish a village in Poland belonged to?
What are the names of these Polish villages?
Genetic Distance to Generations Calculation for Y-STR DNA tests
Army Intelligence Posting
French migrants to Puerto Rico 1800-1870
Forensic Y-STR DNA test provider that can provide results at greater than a Y-37?
What is considered a strong match on a Big-Y DNA test?
Why might name Ferdinando be found in early 17th century Cornwall baptisms?
Finding baptism record near Marystow, Devon, for Harriet Palmer in about 1770?
How to recover information from a well weathered limestone tombstone?
In the early 1900s, were Chicago deaths recorded by government?
Finding information on ancestors who lived in the Polish Borderlands (Kresy)
How accurate do late 20th century Genealogical histories of New England in early 19th century tend to be?
Searching for birth record for Lucy Pratt Stowell b circa 1813 Norfolk/Plymouth Co, MA
Is genealogy compiled in 1922 for Stowell family of Higham, MA generally accurate?
Determining which Blanch Hambly married John Geach at Menheniot, Cornwall, England, in 1688?
Is ancestry.com DNA test accurate with respect to native american descent?
Is George Bismark Foster the son of Dr James W Foster and Arabella?
Seeking birth record for John Shaw Mckay born 1915 in Glasgow, Lanark, Scotland
Finding documentary evidence for father of somebody born 1903 in Kentucky, USA?
What is relationship of widower to late wife's family (i.e. in-laws)?
Gramps: Plugin error (from 'ExportDjango'): No module named 'gramps.webapp'
Genealogy software based on open database format?
What might Wine & Spirit Vaults be in 1841 Census at Helston, Cornwall?
Finding residence information for Toronto in the 1840s?
What is "Canada E" in the 1860 US Federal Census?
Tracing ca 1805 immigration via Port of Charleston, SC, USA from Germany?
What does huba mean in this Polish Catholic marriage record?
Why do people use a different first name to their given name?
Making a plan for using German civil records in the Family History Library?
Finding New York City Police files?
California Freemason Records
Finding date and battle of wounding for First World War English Private Arthur Higgins in France?
Getting information from Navy service record if date of death unknown?
Where is/was location of Corvoda (near Lezant), Cornwall, England?
Derivation of the Irish surname Hamil (is it from Hamuel in the bible)?
Seeking additional genealogy resources for New York between 1775 and 1850?
What would the starting shared cM number be for abnormally close relationships in Autosomal DNA test?
What variants in spelling and pronunciation might there be for Polish surname Chorzelewski?
Seeking immigration record from Ireland to US in 1812?
Other 'non-loyalist' Immigration to Canada following American Revolution from the US
Determining where particular parts of ethnicity percentage from DNA come from in family?
Identifying signature in marriage record from Paris in 1901?
What kinds of records should I be searching for a ticketed crew member who transported across on a ship?
Minimum age to be mentioned in a will?
Interpreting X DNA?
Looking for Francois Paul Leon Mouchet in 1930 census in Los Angeles?
Sources of Philadelphia Quaker records besides Swarthmore College
Finding my Great-Grandfather when DNA test not conclusive?
In the US, in the late 1800s and early 1900s, why did primarily the men only get naturalized?
What was required to be entered into "England, Cheshire, Land Tax Assessments, 1778-1832"
Searching through family tree on Ancestry.com by LOCATION?
Finding father who was in UK Royal Navy during 1960s?
Verifying birth & death details in England for the 20th century?
What civil documents would exist for a mid-19th Century Central Pennsylvania Marriage?
Did Amasa Ransom from Litchfield (Connecticut) serve as sea captain during American Revolution?
Getting military records on WW2 Luftwaffe personnel?
Finding ship grandfather took from Liverpool, England to Quebec, CA arriving January 1900?
Locating possible marriage between English woman and Danish man in (probably) late 19th century?
Why doesn't the haplogroup K2b2 appear on MitoSearch.org?
Finding vital records in Upper Silesia (Prussia/Germany)?
Template or Tool for Comparing Y-DNA Results
Linking an Individual in two trees using Webtrees?
Is there a list of interned in 2-4 Rosenstrasse?
How to read DNA matches across multiple related people to a 3rd party?
How to find place of burial or cremation in Gloucestershire?
Verifying if Mr and Mrs Ede travelling in late 19th century Japan were Cecil Zohrab Ede and Kogiku?
Interpreting the Trussell Family Tree
Origin of young German lady's attire with fore-sleeves and head cover in 1878 photo from Hannover?
How do I determine our common ancestor?
Proving identity of Japanese great grandfather when no marriage record?
Can you identify this Russian town: "Chashvato, Podolski"?
Until what age did little boys in the early 1900s wear dresses?
How to read Swiss Church Book / Kirchenbücher Collection Indexes?
Finding grave of mother who died in Chicago in 1974?
What is the meaning and origin of the surname Nesselrothees?
If mother's maiden name is listed as same as child's last name, is child illegitimate?
Did other countries have the concentration of first names that England had in past centuries?
Registration of Russian immigrants to England in late 19th century?
How to edit the text of a MacFamilyTree 7 Narrative Report for Event Types
Reconciling mid-18th century US marriage records for James Lea and Ann/Anne Tolbert/Herndon?
FamilyEcho incorrectly lists my relationship as "ex-husband"
Obtaining Belgian pre-1796 information
Is "mythological" information relevant?
Could John Stacy who lived/married at London and later lived at Exmouth (Devon) have been baptized in 1759 at North Petherton (Somerset)?
Finding the parents of Guillielmus and Egidius Van Sever?
Whether to trust (and what to record) from handwritten record of birth with one date and type written page with two dates?
What Polish village is named in this document?
Interpreting Musgrave's Obituaries (for London) from around 1790?
How can I draw a family tree for blended / adoptive families?
Who was the father of Thomas Jocelyn/Joslin who emigrated to Massachusetts in the Increase (1635)
How to read Tennessee marriage record
Finding obituaries for people who died in Houston, Texas in the 1930s?
How can I find historical city directories for the United States?
How to determine county from county number in Texas birth index?
Identifying ancestor believed to have been born ca 1830 in New Mexico, USA?
Etiquette for asking loved one to share life story before death
Meaning of term "Alias" in 1861 Lincolnshire parish baptism record?
How should I model family with unknown relationships?
Looking for 1869 birth certificate in Pennsylvania?
Preserving old Typewritten pages from 1925?
Simple way to visualize First Cousin marriage
Does the Church of Latter Day Saints perform a 'baptism for the dead' ritual for everyone they obtain records for?
What type of chart is this?
What was the weather like?
Finding church records for Koselitz, Saxony, Germany?
Family Tree as table in excel or similar format
Did Elizabeth de Burgh, 4th Countess of Ulster, marry Elyas de Richmond?
Meaning of source numbers in U.S. and International Marriage Records, 1560-1900
Record of 1890s UK consular marriage in Japan?
Finding information about 1920s adoption in New York State?
What are these abbreviations in a Verlustliste (zurueckgeh, krgef, A)?
Getting information from closed mental institution in California, USA?
Finding birth/baptism record (ca 1845) for August E.F.Reichow in Germany?
Finding birth/baptism record (ca 1812) for Charles H. Cox born in North Carolina?
Determining closest heir for probate?
What does it mean for two DNA half-matches to not match each other?
Who were the parents of William H. Clements, husband of Lulie Ida Strong?
Linking handwritten numbers on an arm band to German WWII military records
Where is Lebonnaire in Canada?
What is an "ehemalige Trompeter"?
Where were Bavarian soldiers of E/R 14 imprisoned on farm in Normandy?
Seeking candidates for British ancestor who fathered children in Kobe (Japan) during 1890s?
Who were the parents of the Anna who married Elisha Strong?
What settings to use in GedMatch to confirm a seventh generation relative sharing DNA?
Meaning of "vous condition" on baptism records from Maine and Canada in Drouin Collection?
Obtaining probate or administration documentation from solicitor?
Dating photograph of car, man and dog from perhaps 1930s/40s in Texas (or perhaps Missouri)?
Are probate records typically only for males?
Locating 1861 British Passport Application for Robert Sillers?
Determining whether FamilySearch entry is my ancestor and not a namesake?
Finding church / parish records for Kent?
Is surname Judah/Juddah Jewish?
What are spurious baptisms?
Finding Professional Genealogist in Germany knowedgeable on Kaiser Wilhelm?
Proper British birth date syntax?
Determining subdistrict extent from code in post-1993 GRO index?
Spelling of Original Hungarian or Czechoslovakian surname?
Was it common for German women to use their maiden names in the early 19th century?
Where does the surname Cousins come from?
Reading Irish birthplace on 1851 Wales Census?
Is there a Polish variant of the name Thillmann, and what does this name mean?
Penalty for late registration of birth in England?
Searching databases for ancestors with aliases?
In 17th century Scotland/Virginia, could a Jr. have a different name than his father?
Determining surname for 1782 baptism in Breconshire, Wales?
Finding wills/probate for printers of Brecon, Wales who died in 1794, 1820 and 1839?
How to cite the National Probate Calendar?
Autosomal DNA Chromsome Browser - Is there such a thing as a 'family trait' of shared segments?
Finding death record without knowing death date?
Learning family background of Ferdinand Robert Milks who died after 1960 in Frankfurt?
Traded a dollar for a Penney?
Family Tree drawn like a honeycomb?
Is name Angloher derived from Anglii from northern Germany?
Identifying difficult words in 1651 will?
Is there a BNF (Backus Normal Form or Backus–Naur Form) for the gedcom grammar?
What chart I should use to draw this relationship?
How to cite scanned image copies of physical books?
Was she really a Lark?
Determining percentage of Chamorro ethnicity?
Discovering New York City death and burial location?
Seeking baptism record for William Slight, born ca 1832 near Haddington, East Lothian, Scotland?
Inferring date of marriage from dates of marriage banns in Scotland?
Finding first marriage of William Franklin Greenfield of Patterson, Caldwell Co., North Carolina, USA?
Trying to find Archibald McAllister in Ireland after his birth about 1788?
What are these words in the 1841 will of Elisha Strong?
What does 1811 British Monthly Magazine mean by the form: At [place], [person]?
Meaning of "In Whose Lot Interred: Hugh Sellars" at Menands (Albany Rural Cemetery) in 1872?
Displaying pedigree of both husband and wife on same chart?
Making Research Plans for studying the Genetic Genealogy of an Adoptee?
Determining if C.Z. Ede and Kogiku Nagaya were officially married?
What did it mean in the 1800s to be called Colonel in the South?
What is the significance of the name at the end of this 1843 advertisement?
Reading comment in 1825 baptism register?
Can a Japanese man use the kamon of their mother officially?
Accuracy of place of death recorded in the National Probate Calendar?
Finding birth parents in Utah 1865
Where to find information about a 19th c. Louisiana/Mississippi circuit judge
Finding descendants of great-grandfather in Ukraine?
Meaning of Latin phrase "matr. contraxerunt" on 1642 Cornwall marriage record?
Finding records of emigration/immigration from Germany to South Africa?
Verifying illegitimacy of 1911 German birth?
Reasons for fleeing from Germany in the 1870s?
Locating information on grandparents?
Directly access Berkeley database for faster editing/updating than via Gramps?
Age of surnames in German region?
UK census shows visiting family but no owners
Tracing German ancestors in periods that are before church records?
Finding names of merchant mariners working on ships between Hamburg & Chile 1906-1913?
How are people who descend from same person related?
Would variety store in Albany, New York, USA (1862-1872) leave records and what would it sell?
Seeking birth record for Russian who immigrated to New Zealand in 1950s?
According to my family DNA what is my true ethnicity?
Finding information about British slave owner Henry Stanley in Jamaica/England?
Explaining major discrepancies between Bishop's Transcripts and Parish Registers?
if my great grandmother was honduran and great grandfather scottish, what does that make me?
British Military Service: Regiments
How to research German WWII prisoners of war in British captivity?
Average time between birth and baptism in the Church of England?
Explaining migration around 1800 between Somerset, Devon and Dorset?
Finding birth/baptism record for James Chichester who died 1858 in British Guiana?
Is there an online national repository of marriage documents?
Seeking birth record for Adam Hausam at Kirchheim-Bolanden, Germany?
When have people started keeping Birth, Marriage, and Death records
Reading name and occupation of 18th century ancestors from Kirchheim unter Teck, Württemberg, Germany?
Who are the parents of George Juden?
Finding birth record of Pierre Louis Oscar Cordier, Frenchman who married (1869) and died (1882) in London?
What kind of a place name or institution is 'Mansfield Statutes'?
Reading place of birth in France on 1881 Census for Camberwell (London)?
Reading information about illegitimate children in Brackenhammer family, Kirchheim, Germany
Seeking Army Records for Jean Baptiste Cordier an officer in the French Army
Identifying family in photo taken by Edwin Lott at Bridgend, Wales?
Dating photo by Edwin Lott from Nolton Studio at Bridgend, Glamorgan, Wales?
How to interpret hand written will that refers to children and possibly in-laws?
Looking for location in 1910 Russia (family spoke Polish)
Do any fragments of the 1931 census of England & Wales survive?
Do letters of Ryle Holme mention marriage of Cecil Zohrab Ede in Japan?
Who are the parents of Diedrich Peron, born about 1803 in France
How do I find church records for Portugal?
Looking for German Ancestors earlier than 1700s?
History of German small town of Angloh?
How can I find information on a nineteenth century marriage in Denmark?
Separating families with identical parents' names in the same parish in Norfolk, England from 1730-1760?
Identifying parents of Gustaf Tenglund born 1840 in Sweden?
Do we have more female than male ancestors?
Country other than Switzerland where place of origin is not same as place of birth?
Translation & Transcription Request, French birth record from 1842
Deceased people appearing on 2002 UK electoral register?
Identifying Robert Chichester listed amongst British Guiana Colonists?
Finding background information on historical England & Wales electoral registers?
Was the 1939 Register really updated after the end of National Registration?
Finding surname distributions for names in Poland before WW2?
Locating plot of 1908 burial in the Necropolis of Sydney?
Where would I find a copy of a US patent from 1905?
Becoming a master tailor?
Who are the parents of Henry Charles Pynn?
What happened to the original household schedules used to produce the 1939 Register?
What does the term חתן refer to when talking about the relationship between two men?
What did a Scientific/Philosophical Instrument Maker do and what other sources might be worth looking at?
Locating Robert Bruce Moore who was born 1893 in Texas and disappeared in about 1917?
Identifying Australian soldier named Williams in World War I photograph (1917)?
Identifying Australian soldier named Bennett in World War I photograph (1917)?
Are there records relating to individual convictions or convicts found in British Army Service Records?
Finding 1812 Virginia militia records
Organizing geographical reference material for English parishes?
Seeking marriage record of Pierce Butler and Anne Reynolds before 1832 in Ireland?
Looking for birth record of Valeria Marta from late 1890s in Bucharest/Transylvania area?
Why would Consent of Parents be needed for 1815 marriage between 26 and 33 year olds in Menheniot, Cornwall?
Meaning of WW I service record abbreviation "Awarded MCC"?
Reading given name of German great-grandaunt?
Finding photo of Robert Mason's 1890 Headstone on Isle of Wight?
Is Xmas 24th a common way to refer to 24th December (Christmas Eve)?
What uniform is this (US Army branch, where and when)?
How to incorporate large amounts of data from Ancestry.com
Is it really written "Bauer" here?
What does NFP RC mean in marriage record of Virginia 1799?
Seeking software for automated facial recognition from photos?
No first name on baptism record?
Receiving medical care at Nottingham General Hospital in the 1830s?
Which ship did my father serve on with RNP 2420
Discovering what Swiss ancestors did for living (i.e. their occupations)?
Methods to organize medical genealogy information?
Finding details of an 1821 Berks County Pennsylvania Guardian appointment of two minors?
Where is Wortono, Russia?
Finding records of Transport-office that John Smyth worked for in London prior to 1806?
How and when did my Grandfather come to America?
At what port did Lorance Effler born about 1787 in Germany come to the US?
Finding parents of Doris Reardon, born about 1906, probably in Lancashire?
Determining the area covered by an Enumeration District (ED) on the 1939 Register?
Finding church records for the Kuck family in Grudziądz, Bydgoszcz, Poland?
Searching for Immigration record of Henry Semler and wife Hulda Lange from Germany to US ca 1879?
Case for seeking quotation to digitize Greenwich Hospital School admission record of John Smyth in about 1755?
Where is the Friedrichsbruch near Kokotzko in West Prussia / Poland?
Finding out what happened to German prisoner of world war 2?
Is surname Ede of Northern European origin and rare in England?
Would Royal Navy Captain's Log (1759-1766) be likely to mention Captain's Clerk?
Entering marriage banns into my database – one fact or three?
Does "Mr" in a marriage record indicate a minister? (Or, did Rev James Nasmyth marry Lady Gordinstoun?)
What records of smallpox vaccination exist?
How to save the patch files for Family Tree Maker (FTM2014)?
How to get copy of birth certificate from Hildalgo, Mexico from 1927?
Viewing relationship to me on Ancestry.com profiles?
Where is Hockaday School 1940 census page?
What records might survive of nautical assessor who died on London Docks in second half of 18th century?
How to get birth and death cerificate from Istanbul, Turkey in 1902-1905?
Who were the parents of Joseph Souser b. 1815 d. 1883 in Pennsylvania?
What GEDCOM tag should the DNA Haplogroup be stored?
ISOGG Y-DNA Haplogroup Tree download
DNA Features of Genealogy Software
What is the origin of the surname Griffin?
How to get birth place in Gramps 4.2.1?
Obtaining 1973 baptism record in San Diego, California, USA?
How were non-Catholic births/weddings/deaths recorded in Mexico City (about 1926)
Confirming parentage of James Scott & Elizabeth Elliot (m.1820?) Burnfoot, Ewes?
Does a mother signing a Marriage Contract imply the father is dead?
Finding ship arrivals for Australia in the 1870s?
What is the spelling of this hand written name?
How do you record fuzzy facts?
Finding late 18th Century service record of Francis Green in Cornish Militia?
How to narrow down date of U.S. census data collection before 1850?
Ways to find headstone names in Mexican cemeteries?
How can I create a visual representation for a particular surname (and husbands/wifes) only?
What do Family Tree Maker users do, now that FTM has been discontinued?
Choosing non-cloud software to transition to from Family Tree Maker 2012?
Locating pre-emigration records in Ireland for Peter Starrs born abt 1836 and relations?
Is there any program that automatically imports sources attached to the FamilySearch tree?
Is there a space to collaborate to create a single family tree (for a surname)?
Finding online resource for searching Italian records?
Where is the Marriage of Milly Bungay/Mason/Weston to John Weston?
Is there an online resource for searching Italian census records
Where is the marriage of F. M. Weston/Mason to a Goodman?
Where is the 1911 Census record relating to Milly Bungay/Mason/Weston?
Bathing registers?
Locating will from Berlin (Germany) in 1930s?
Finding an elusive ancestor after the 1901 census (who may have deserted his family)
Finding parents/siblings of Pietro Bracchetti who lived in Ala, Trent,Tirol, Austria around 1678?
Finding 1919 birth record from Veracruz, Mexico?
Creating a list of surnames from a specific municipality in Germany (Baden)?
Finding ancestors in Wisconsin from 1871 and onwards?
How to display sperm/egg donors or surrogates on a family tree?
Standard GEDCOM tag/note for copyright?
Why were there no Polish given names in Polish village (part of Prussia)?
Direct editing of underlying database for Genealogy program?
Finding details of where Polish soldier in German Army was living before Great War?
Burial of a person who committed suicide in 18th century England?
Gramps' Prolog Export Function: fancy filter or statistical tool?
Was it common for parents to baptise a baby/child if they knew he was sickly and likely going to die soon?
Where is Oulu Impijats/Impitaja/Impijas Finland?
What are the rules for putting media on different sites?
Using signature comparison as genealogical evidence?
How can I estimate which of my ancestors were literate?
Downloading images from Ancestry trees?
Seeking online resources to do collateral research on Internet?
Could a beneficiary also be witness to a will?
Older version of Gramps for OSX
What documentary trail should I expect for a bigamous marriage?
UK death certificate details in 1908
Is there a Python/Django GEDCOM Parser that would parse gedcom for django app?
Are there any tools to search unstructured, digital data?
How can you use FamilyTreeDNA's Search tool to contact matches / find contact information?
Marriage certificate of ancestor in Caracas
Locating records of a man employed by Rufford Abbey for 70 years?
Finding Specific Railroad Segments in the United Started named after employees?
Would having the exact same GRO Birth Index reference mean two children born to the same parents were twins?
Best practices for producing document abstracts or summaries?
Speaking to people who knew ancestors in Minais Gerais, Brazil?
Is there a tool to generate a parent's DNA sequence from their children's?
Understanding chromosomes and centiMorgans
What "hidden" clues are there in the GRO Indexes of births and deaths?
My Father passed away - next test(s) on what remains of his DNA sample?
How to photograph documents on the screen of microfilm readers?
Finding 1930s burial in Iowa?
Why would Native American Ethnicity not show up in Autosomal DNA results?
How does one search a very specific source on Ancestry.com?
Is there a centralized Historical Society index / database for the United States?
How to locate 1860 United States census pages by address?
How should I record membership in a fraternal organization?
Interpreting 1801 Settlement Examination from Marystow, Devon, England?
German coat of arms
Deciphering place name in 1841 Census for Tavistock, Devon, England?
Clarification on GRO index marriage reference?
Displaying exponentially growing family tree in practical way?
Resources for researching family from Greene County, Tennessee?
How should I interpret this Buchenwald camp card?
Is it possible to obtain a copy of the original record from 'Ireland Marriages 1845‐1958'
Tracing Japanese ancestor who immigrated to Hawaii?
How to understand differences in paternal haplogroups from different companies?
Proving parents of Thomas Morgan of Tre-bryn, Pencoed, Coychurch, Glamorgan, Wales about 1808 were Thomas and Ann?
Is it possible to inherit the physical look of one ancestor specifically?
How much DNA would match a 5th cousin once removed?
Pre 1794 records for Rothenditmold, Kassel, Hessen, Germany?
Reading words on old document relating to share of Will?
Finding World War 2 Army or Navy service record for resident of Sussex, England?
Original Spelling(s) of Polish surname anglicized as Shemynski?
My family tree on Ancestry..I cannot find this feature any more "Find a person in this tree"
Wanting to trace family online?
Determining percent Spanish?
How do I convert my RAW FamilyTreeDNA FamilyFinder test result files to Ancestry or 23andMe format?
Finding birth details of baby abandoned in New York, 1938?
Is Libege and Liège the same?
How should I show my step-mother?
How common was it for a father to be at the birth in the late 1700s early 1800s?
Wife's name on old German records, first middle, or middle first?
How to find birth place for Charles Klein born in Russia Sept 2, 1883
Ostrow, Ostrowez, or Ostroweic Russia before 1907- where now?
Tracing an ancestor from Scotland back to Ireland?
Locating Carnarton in ecclesiastical district of Tuckingmill in parish of Illogan, Cornwall?
Why might Illogan and Gwythian parishioners marry in 1749 at Phillack, Cornwall?
What is Ellen M Berry's relationship in this Census Record?
Finding records for indentured servants in South Carolina?
How can I process this image to extract more of the information
What did a 'chemist' do in the 1920s?
Finding cause of death in 1909 for Scotsman James McMillan in Nagasaki, Japan?
Transfering money between England and New South Wales (Australia) in 1850s?
Researching background on life in Finland before immigrating to Canada?
Finding descendants and potential relatives of immigrant to USA from Spain through Cuba?
How many generations back is suggested by 6 mutations on a yDNA-67 match?
Looking for Canadian Pacific Railway worker James Edward Allan/Allen, believed to have died in Canada/USA about 1925?
Identifying Great Grandfather who was born about 1870 in Louisiana, USA?
To what extent would people in the 1800s travel to get married?
Name Changes in New York City during 1830s?
Understanding 1807-1812 Pennsylvania land records document?
Identifying Pennsylvania ancestors born early 1900s?
Gramps syncing with Dropbox or via second Genealogy program?
What is this city name in this passenger list from Russia/Poland in late 19th/early 20th century?
Finding Baptism Record for John Bohling who was born 1843 in Hanover, Germany?
Charting all cousins, all aunts, all uncles to degree (all living family in all lines to degree)?
What's the difference between the World Vital Records and My Heritage databases?
Viewing Family Group Sheet using Ancestry.com?
Does Ancestry.com have a developer API?
Finding parents of Maria Cima of Pontevedra, Galicia, Spain?
Meaning of job recorded as "USAF – AFSC#29430"?
Tracing WW1 German soldier who died in battle?
Locating Latvian Legion service records?
Are there any published guidelines for organizing a family narrative other than in the Register-style generation-by-generation format?
Correct spelling of Polish surname Mahowski?
Export data from FamilySearch.org Family Tree as spreadsheet?
Tracing child adopted from Washington County, Tennessee Poor Farm in the 1930s?
Jensen vs Jorgensen: Last Name for Danish
Finding archival records for tracing father of illegitimate child in mid 1880s County Down, Ireland?
Is there an archive of Polish or Hungarian passport applications from 1900-1940 from New York consulates?
Relationship of Niece's Daughter of my blood related Aunt's Husband
Where can I find records about German military records from World War II?
Where can one find free look-ups in the Ohio Genealogical Report?
Accessing returns from the Marriage Duty Act (1695)?
Determining if match is paternal or maternal?
Nationality on Naturalization record Marine Court NYC?
Researching family member that immigrated to USA from Poland in 1831
Should I mark a divorced family as Married or No-married?
What does "ads" stand for in a Chancery Court record index?
What are the dates on these documents?
Who are the Campbells in this document?
How do you determine native american ancestry?
What do the asterisks mean in the Y-DNA Standard Y-STR values table on Family Tree DNA?
Asking distant cousins for DNA?
Is the Autosomal DNA testing ever wrong on relationships?
WW1 German military service in 124th infantry regiment
Looking for parents of Gustav Tesche (born 1877 Germany)
Determining if an autosomal and X-DNA match is my half-sibling?
Seeking 1841/1851 Census Records for Ryle Holme, perhaps in Manchester, England?
Half sisters or aunt/niece relationship?
Finding marriage location / records of parents in 1920s Blair Co, PA?
If you plan on getting a Big Y test, is there any value in going beyond yDNA-37?
Determining the location of No. 47 Casualty Clearing Station in March 1917?
Is it common to have no close yDNA matches on Family Tree DNA?
What is the first word in this baptism record?
19th Century Debtors Prison Records, London
Describing the relationship between children when widower marries dead wife's sister
Is this adopted DNA match my niece or half sibling?
Did any of the descendants of Rabbi Ascher ben Jechiel take "Rosch" as a surname?
Converting historic pounds, shillings and pence (£sd) to modern worth?
Online resources for Cuban genealogy?
Explaining and interpreting YFull raw data statistics?
Making sense of conflicting death dates for Juliet D. (Strong) Wilder?
Finding records of Berlin Airlift Service by Robert Whitehead?
Why would Y-DNA matches have different paternal haplogroups?
Where to find online records of New York City Potter's Field / Hart Island pre-1980?
When was grandfather in Huntsville Prison?
Which UK county type to use for data entry: historic, ceremonial, registration, or administrative?
What year does this toy tricycle appear to be?
What public pool is this in Kansas?
Who took this photograph in March 1891 Missouri?
What is the model of the car in this photo?
How to return NSDAP Membership Book to family of Adolf-Georg Werner?
Verifying that Josef Berg died as shown in WWI German military record and finding his grave?
Converting AncestryDNA 1.0 file format to 2.0 and vice-versa?
Which British Army regiment did Thomas Stretch join as a drummer boy in 1774?
Meaning of "Map" as birthplace on NY 1855 Census?
John Sherwood Clarke: Explaining the two surnames and finding his birth record in France?
Where can I find a Dutch record of birth for Louis Edward Schaap?
Are there records for Whitecross Debtors Prison Turnkeys in 19th Century London?
What is the best way to store my own text records into the future?
Researching Cohen de Murcia in Spain?
Determining relationship to President Jefferson?
Tracking 1836 removal from Brewood to Tipton, Staffordshire?
Can I register for ancestry.co.uk if I live somewhere else?
Was traditional Scottish naming pattern the same for Highlands, Lowlands and Ulster Scots?
How far back is a mtDNA match of genetic distance 2 likely to be?
Why do I get a better match on mitoSearch than FamilyTreeDNA?
What does R nucleotide mean for mtDNA result?
I uploaded a tree to Ancestry and it has old UID facts. How do I delete them?
What do these extra numbers mean on this ship manifest?
Where is Mary Elizabeth Richardson in the UK 1891 Census?
What year is this photo likely taken?
Web site or other means for collaborative annotation of photographs and documents?
Partial matches on Triangulated DNA segments
How long after birth would a Catholic baptism have occurred in the late 19th Century in Mexico?
Where was Berditoscher, Russia in 1912?
Looking for evidence of my grandfather's German citizenship?
Citing or crediting leads to sources?
Do insurance companies pay for ancestral DNA testing?
Identifying the father of a man born in Lemberg/Lviv/Lwow in 1884/85?
Finding Staquet/Degueldre/Casimir marriage record, likely in Pennsylvania?
Death before certificates were issued statewide in Georgia?
Naturalized in 1896, but cannot be found anywhere in the US 1900 or 1910 censuses?
Benefits of joining the Guild of One-Name Studies?
How accurate are birth dates on the 1939 Register?
DNA result notification lost
Finding railroad maps for Germany in late 19th century?
What's on the right-hand page of the 1939 Register?
Finding who owned/managed Yorkshire Hall Plantation in Demerara (Guyana) in early 19th century?
No trace of grandfather in 1891 or 1901 census?
Looking for death of Thomas James Murdin, last sighted in 1934 in Camberwell, London?
How do I encourage readers of my genealogy blog to get in touch?
Right to title being descended from Earl of Crewe?
Locating late 19th century British immigration/landing records?
Searching 1940s census database without names?
Was Stella Pickett 3rd wife of Joseph Zachary Taylor?
When was Paul Theodore Spranger deported back to Germany?
Meaning of term "died leaving with other issue"?
How am I really related to a person with 1246 cMs and no shared X-DNA?
Finding birth family of Betsey Richmond who married in mid 19th century Liverpool?
Searching for 1947 Italian immigrant to Venezuela?
Alternative spellings of Polish surname Swider?
Twentieth-century emigration from Romania?
Identifying birth family of Abram Frank, possibly from Bessarabia?
Sharing genealogical data (from GEDCOM) with family members?
How to handle name changes in records?
After a Big-Y test on FamilyTreeDNA does it make sense to order further SNP tests?
Reference Key for Injuries for WWI German Casualty Lists?
Polish/Russian city Name from 1912 Manifest
Finding FindMyPast Devon Marriage image indexed by FamilySearch?
Translating baptism record from Norway?
Interpreting "married by Licence as I am credibly informed" on 1732 Gloucestershire marriage record?
How to confirm my research of Charles P. Cantrell?
Recording census as event or source in GRAMPS?
Seeking census records earlier than 1900 for Indiana ancestor named Delmain?
How to interpret dates on California Indexes to Electoral Registers
Where is John Knight of Henry Kentucky in 1840 census?
Struggling to read birth record of my German Jewish great-grandfather
Tracing ancestors in what is now Romania?
Interpreting DNA test that shows mother was 1/3 Jewish?
Passenger list from Antwerp, Belgium to the UK in 1908?
Meaning of "c" notation at end of St Louis obituaries?
Can I post this on Familysearch?
Deciphering this area of Indiana?
Identifying William Elijah Vedder's mother in New York City?
Understanding Adv. abbreviation at end of 1921 Arkansas newspaper notice?
What was "Chronic Endeidis"?
Finding Marriage Certificate/License most likely in 1930s Michigan?
Seeking records of 18th century Somerset surgeons named John Chichester?
Which Gedmatch admixture calculators are most useful for an individual of predominately African American descent?
Where would this town/area be located in Poland, today?
Looking for information on Noble Hutchinson Fleming of Cork, Ireland
Is it possible for me to have been adopted without me knowing?
Researching German soldiers who were prisoners of war in US during WWII?
What does this handwriting say for location of final destination?
Prussian army records before 1890
Census 1905 address 89 Madison St. Brooklyn, New York
Identifying parents of Adelhaid Marx (died 1920/45) of rabbinic family from western Germany?
Seeking 19th century marriage record for Wolf and Amélie Thalmann whose descendants settled in Mannheim?
Seeking German military service records for Jozef Mühlgay (or his brothers) of Bavaria?
How were the beneficiaries of the 1872 Will of Mary Rogers related?
Meaning of abbreviation "(O.K.)" on 1939 Michigan death certificate?
8-year old male ancestor sailed alone from Liverpool to Philadelphia in 1840
Searching for WW2 military record of German soldier who died 1945 in Italy?
What does the 1810 tax records state about Jesse Monday in Halifax County, Virginia?
Did Somerset Militia recruit local Cornish soldiers when based at/near Truro around 1798?
Interpretation of WWI Marine Muster Log
Finding prison records for Bodmin Bridewell in Cornwall?
Fractal display of a family tree on a computer screen
How do I indicate that two people have children but never married?
How do I visibly make people aware that a connection is only tenuous and further research is needed?
Records of miners in the California Gold Rush?
Understanding meaning of professions in 19th century Calabria, Italy?
Working on Korean Family History without speaking fluent Korean?
Finding TNA Discovery catalog entries for digital images on Ancestry?
Seeking details of travel to South Africa in 1920s
Reading marriage bond from 1838 Kentucky USA?
ySearch Markers
Looking for 1940s marriage and divorce records from the Southwestern USA?
When might this photograph have been taken and why?
Why did my mother have two names when she married in Jaffa in 1946?
Can you date this photograph of my grandmother Elsie Lillian Hall Kerby?
Determining Alexander Mokowich's death date (after 1920), possibly in Massachusetts?
Did General Winfield Scott have any grandchildren?
How to split up the disconnected trees in a GEDCOM forest into separate files?
German POWs in Camp Upton and Fort Dupont
How to tell if a will was executed as written?
Why would people have to pay marriage licence bonds?
Does a bequest of $1 or "to be paid on their demand" mean it is a minor child?
Trying to find ancestor prior to his marriage, believed born in Quebec
Two different marriage dates for the same couple?
Reconciling DNA results against what is known of father's (half-German) ancestry?
What is FTDNA's Chromosome Browser showing for the X chromosome?
Puzzling Swiss/French date abbreviation?
Why is Maria listed twice in this 18th century church record?
Understanding Bessarabia for genealogy?
Finding Marriage of Elizabeth Smith Julian and Newton Bonner in 1840s Kentucky, North Carolina or Tennessee?
Determining fate of Soviet soldier from Azerbaijan captured by Germans in 1941?
Searching marriage records for London by witnesses?
Categorizing people of North African descent (i.e. Egypt) on Ethnicity surveys/questions for US documents?
Am I part Canadian?
Updating Surname Chart of Male-Line descendants in form of tree?
Seeking birth/baptism record for Salamina Radke from Kulm, Russia?
Two ships, two manifests, same passengers?
In 1888, what does "smothering at the heart" mean?
MacFamilyTree 8 how to design book cover?
Y-DNA match a false positive?
Can I determine the relationship between Mary Anne Wright (nee Harper) and Charles William Kimmons?
Which Golden Thread Matrilineal "Clan" maps to my mtDNA haplogroup?
Linking Sojourners to Illegitimacy at Launceston, Cornwall in 1790s?
Accessing Italian World War I records online?
Setting inclusion criteria for a one-place study?
Why are the lengths GEDmatch.com Chromosome Segment Matching segments not proportional to their cM?
Strategy to find death of individual with common name?
Searching for Birth Record or 1900 Census, Marie Paris b 28 Mar 1885 St. Louis, Missouri
Seeking immigration record John Redonnett, born in France, who came to US ca 1840s?
Understanding my father's Army service records (1946-1948)
Meaning of "Tuesday last" and "Monday week"?
Handling theories in Genealogy Software?
Spelling of surname Kowesnki/Kowenski
When will early 2016 23andMe kits be uploadable to GEDmatch.com?
Searching for possibly adopted great aunt?
Finding French immigration records for ancestor from Spain who changed name?
Did Jacob Bertschinger move from Aldingen to Calw in early 19th century Germany?
How to get an elderly person to provide saliva sample for DNA?
Seeking tools to create tree of specific individuals in gedcom
Reading entry from Quarter Sessions Order Book of Dorset, England 1682-1693?
Finding 1907 New York City arraignment results?
Did bigamous marriages need to be annulled?
Reading a Canadian 'Oceans Arrival' form completed in 1924
Identifying birth family of Joan Befford/Beauford/Beaford who married John Hobb in 1708 at Launceston, Cornwall?
MacFamilyTree: underlining the preferred first name
Lunacy - what does it mean?
Unknown Abbreviations in abstract of probate
What can I assume from consecutive regimental numbers?
Did the Army know when somebody in the Reserves died?
If widow remarries, do English records ca 1820 show maiden name?
At what age did girls leave home in 1880s England?
Incomplete transfers of y-STRs from FamilyTreeDNA to ySearch?
Finding 2007 births by parents in Missouri?
Removing [Null] Person and Related Hints on Ancestry?
What are Ancestry DNA tests telling me?
Finding immigration record from Greece to U.S.A in about 1890-1950?
Finding others with H2a1 maternal DNA?
What happened to Gustav Adolf Neumann, 1859 immigrant to the US?
Seeking ca 1801 records of 1st Helston Volunteers?
Why might someone be listed amongst "Additional Individuals Bounded" in 1806 Cornwall Bastardy Papers?
Finding ancestors thought to be from Chalakudy, India?
Locating passenger list for fatal voyage of SS Galway Castle?
Apprenticeship records or trade information for 1830s Sheffield, Yorkshire?
Seeking Notation for common ancestors across different family branches?
How to get permission and best order to upgrade DNA testing for deceased person?
What does "Occasional Copy" refer to in the new GRO Index?
Standardizing place names when city sprawls across county borders?
Is a Chromosome 23 match less statistically significant for the same cM?
1935 residence code in the 1940 census
Mitosearch Data Entry
Can a half Native American and white person get 0% European DNA in a DNA test like 23andme or ancestry.com?
Context of newspaper article about stolen horse?
combining ancestry.com tree with external gedcom data
Understanding Native American DNA at gedmatch.com?
Seeking records for Thomas Chorley of Madras, India (born 1821, died 1843)?
Researching English/Christian families in India during first half of 19th century?
Seeking death/burial record in Germany for man born 1922?
Determining mother's former names on 1884 death certificate from Glasgow?
Did Richard Hill and Blanche Todd live in India in the late 19th Century?
Death of an American in Paris
How is this relationship likely to be 'identified' by a DNA testing company?
Is there value in doing an mtDNA for a first cousin once removed?
Military Record is the first sign of existence
What does Ward mean in early US Census Records?
How can I find a World Family Tree CD?
What month was Allie Tharp born as shown in 1900 U.S. census?
Determining average number of people that have same surname as random person?
Birth registration listed in Ancestry but missing from GRO Index Online?
What to do with an ancestor's diary?
What explains sharing a 28.6 cM DNA segment with a sixth cousin?
Any issues getting FTDNA sample vials through airport customs?
How to generate a report of ancestors by generation?
Finding Listing of Polish Soldiers that were forced to fight with Germans in WWI?
Identifying person in two 19th century photos (one from Hannover)?
How to encourage higher standards of genealogical research on a message board?
Interpreting DNA Results from 23andMe?
Finding Death Record for Swiss lady who emigrated to US in 1880s?
Seeking info on merchant marine who died at sea mysteriously in 1952?
Seeking Russian Orthodox Church Records 1840-1900 for Lagody, Poland/Russia (now Belarus)?
Finding Montreal map from 1921?
Is there a semantic description of gramps data.xml?
Using new GRO Index Online to make birth families more complete?
How to interpret differences between different birth indices in England and Wales
Committed for Postnatal Depression 1930-40?
Civil War-era death records for West Virginia?
Spelling Polish name pronounced Ko lo jay?
Connecting the Gassmanns of Untertürkheim and Fellbach
What is my Lineage?
GEDCOM: INDI.FAMC vs FAM.CHIL
Locating information on John Megone from 1800's Ireland
Compiler / Author of printed Landowner record books in England and Wales?
Birth record for a Jane Glasson in 18th century Cornwall?
How to get started tracing Native American ancestry?
Why would a regular soldier join a militia? Circa 1795/1800s
Correlating military and civil records for one or two individuals
Tracing ancestor CF Evans who died in World War 2 (aged 39 in 1945)?
Lunacy diagnosis plus a number - what does it mean?
What might 'i' separating parts of someone's name mean?
Separating trees on ancestry.com
Finding departure dates from port of Bremen?
Who was in Edingley Cricket Club in 1920?
Any Russian Orthodox records of Kamchatka priests around 1800?
Where is the farm/hamlet of Barah in 1820s North Cornwall?
Is there any place like "Wertinberge" in Germany?
Reading 1625 burial record from East Quantoxhead, Somerset, England?
Calculating accurate durations between two historical dates, is it even possible?
What does 1898 wedding/memorial announcement from Germany, Austria, or Slovenia say?
Starting pre-1837 research in England and Wales?
What is the accuracy of FindMyPast's MarriageFinder tool?
Deciphering word related to Farrier occupation in 1881 Census?
Should suffixes like Jr (Junior) and Sr (Senior) be added to family tree?
Determining what records are available about a individual?
Was this Susannah's first or second marriage?
Could a first/second cousin DNA match actually be my half brother?
Grandmother died in 1910 of bowel paralysis - what is that exactly?
Did my European family member immigrate to the United States?
Editing/fixing mispelled custom type in places menu of Gramps?
What do you call folks that are third cousins two different ways?
Seeking address for 1930s migrant to Brazil from Lebanon?
Take a punch at this (or...identifying a boxer?)
Expecting Y-DNA match between 4th cousins to be much closer?
Seeking birth family of Michał (Michael) Gudzinowicz Praniewicz from Poland/Russia?
What is expected shared cM of cousins with only one shared grandparent?
Why do two female second cousins share X-DNA, but brother of one shares no X with second cousin?
What is expected shared cM of double third cousins?
Civil War Pension Cards - "Date Of Filing" explanation
Should the GRO Birth Index year be entered as birth year?
Looking for names of grandparents in Magdeburg, Germany when father born 1896?
How to add a biography to a person in Gramps?
Y-DNA STR Testing - Zero Matches?
Family name which sounds like сипа?
What happened with this family when they arrived Quebec in 1871?
Trying to find birth and death info for Thomas and Sarah Bissell
Finding when and why ancestor was in Bodmin Gaol ca 1835-1839?
Looking for family of Heinrich Märte from Sipplingen, Germany?
Origin of surname Шцмоняк
What circumstances could lead to these birth registrations?
Origin of surname Jess in Poland/Germany?
Is it possible to fall below the lowest amount of shared cMs for a half first cousin and still be a half first cousin?
Was William Campbell both married and having another relationship?
Finding birth record of American Airman using only full name and service number?
Why is the total shared Centimorgans 52.7%?
Civil War pension card listing alias and different wife?
Seeking WW2 service record of Helmut Pelz?
What information is contained in Isle of Man birth, marriage, and death certificates?
What became of Auguste Liebnitz and family from Hamburg?
Black History ancestry
How to unmerge a family tree in Family Tree Builder 8.0?
What date is this colored portrait likely made?
Does the available evidence support these assumptions?
Interpreting the year a 16th century will was written?
Bauch Family records Berlin-Charlottenburg
Beginner resources for genealogical DNA tests
Early NY and PA research
Grandmother as spinster? (Staffordshire, 1736)
Finding evidence for Daniel Connors' birth in Wales about 1880?
Converting Family Tree Maker .ftmb files to GEDCOM file format?
Seeking Obituaries for Midland, Texas from 1970s and before?
Searching for Proof of Jewish Ancestry?
Can commoners have kamon that look like the Japanese Imperial Crest?
Looking for the grave of a German soldier who died in World War II?
Is a half-sibling match on AncestryDNA reliable, or is more testing needed?
How many generations back will specific ethnicity show up in DNA?
Seeking ship manifest from Jamaica to Puerto Limon, Costa Rica in late 1860s-1870s?
Finding clues for a missing immigrant in the 1870 Census?
Identifying Mignovich village in Russia/Belarus?
Deciphering 1868 Irish marriage record?
Y-DNA haplogroup R1a1ab2 Z93 Z94 in England?
Can 19th century US Census records be reliably used to identify a family of origin?
What is the meaning of Shared Segments in the DNA
Finding parents for early-20th century immigrant to US from Germany?
1882 Local News Item -- What Does "in the shade" Mean?
What is the relationship name of the brother of my 1st Cousin's Spouse to me?
In 1963 were photos dated when processed or when taken?
Link trees on different genealogy softwares
Who was William Chittel (Chettle) of Studley?
Identifying Norwegian parents of Hulda Marie Olsen who was born 1892 in North Dakota?
What month was the 1864 Census for Re-Organizing the Georgia Militia taken?
What are chances of a yDNA match by chance and not by close common ancestor?
Finding parents for ancestor born in 1820 at New York who has no birh record?
Tracing Kathryn Connolly Chalmers Hearst (born 1898, Minneapolis)?
What do I call my half brothers brother?
Finding record of immigration to Argentina from Spain?
Statistical analysis of data within my genealogy program?
How were absentees recorded on the Protestation Returns?
How to find Romanian (and Canadian-Romanian) ancestry online
Finding correct FTM template for Digital Images (Online Commercial Site) for 1930 US census?
Looking for shipping information leaving England in September 1879 for Japan
Shared centimorgans of first cousins with different paternal grandmothers?
Printing (or pdf) of FULL report including all jpg files
What happened to the 1896 London census records?
Where are 1910 US census records for Topeka State Hospital Inmates?
How do we properly use née for given names?
Identifying parents of John & William Milman who were baptised 1800 & 1805 at Okehampton, Devon, England?
Determining if FindMyPast image comes from Parish Register, Bishop's Transcript, or something else?
Determining the relationship between Richard Holmes and Thomas Holme?
Why is GEDmatch report omitting some matches?
Balancing availability and privacy for family stories?
Interpreting DNA matches from endogamous communities?
Finding Native American Tribal Affiliation through DNA?
Seeking German Meir Family living in 1930s Łódź (Poland)?
Locating my great grandfather's grave in Romania?
Analyzing Wurttemberg church records discovered via FamilySearch?
Interpreting 1832-1839 Bodmin Gaol records for George Wills of Illogan?
Finding more information about Rhode Island grave stone bearing date range 1897-1923?
Searching shoebox on Ancestry.com sites?
What is difference between city, town, village, and township in Wisconsin?
What month does Xemb. mean?
Establishing link between 7th cousins using DNA?
Seeking genealogy software that will support multiple languages and RTL writing?
Checking Daughters/Sons of the American Revolution (DAR/SAR) lineages?
Finding my father's Royal Navy record for WWII?
Deportees from Australia to UK early 1900's
Finding where a marriage took place from the GRO index reference?
Deciphering Irish Locations & Names (1873 Marriage License)
Finding out which DNA matches are from paternal side?
Seeking website/service that allows unauthenticated access to published trees?
Can Origin of Spanish DNA from 16th to 18th generations be traced to historical events?
Is there register of South Australian vaccination certificates from 1870s and 1880s?
Has the 1524 Lay Subsidy for Cambridgeshire (UK) been transcribed and published?
Finding death records for family members?
How many British men and women were serving in the Boer War at the time of the 1901 census?
Saving guest comment books from funerals, baby namings, anniversaries, etc?
Determining who died in the Spanish Flu Epidemic of 1918?
Finding ancestor Nathan Cohen who was born in Russia and immigrated New York City 1900-1905?
Encoding Surnames with Gender Variations (Greek, Czech, Russian, etc) in Gramps?
Where is town of Pogena, Russia (or Lithuania) where ancestor born in 1885?
Obtaining WW2 records from the Dienststelle?
Where is town Mieljkow in early 20th century Russia?
Looking for Adam Gould and Rachel Burkholder in 18th/19th century Pennsylvania?
Understanding Index to Death Duty Registers 1796-1903 for 1799 death in Radnorshire, Wales?
Locating birthplace of Herman Malies born around 1870 in Baden, Germany?
At which point where orthography of German family names "set in stone"?
Tracking 1st arrival of two brothers to US in early 20th century?
Christian Orthodox Cemeteries in Philadelphia
Looking for information on Trude Schneider, a member of the Bund Deutscher Mädel, Nazi youth league for girls
Where can I find a centiMorgans calculator?
Seeking list of Jewish Cemeteries in the USA
Immigration at port of arrival: By whom was passage paid? S.COL.23
GRO rules for sub-districts of birth registrations?
Seeking business records of South Australian general hawkers and drapers around 1880?
Fast changing y-DNA markers
Looking for the actual location of my grandfather's birthplace
Using DNA to verify story of sailor from Spanish Armada being ancestor?
Software/service for informal genealogy book?
Seeking immigration to Bolivia for German ancestor in 1910-1915?
Predicted percentages of shared DNA for DNA tests of half-siblings?
How can overlapping ~35 cM segments of matching kits not match each other?
Is Rosa Balladares mother of all these children?
Ship Manifest vs Passenger List
I can't see the original images on the website -- now what?
Number stamped on reverse of US WWI Draft Registration Card?
Pomerania isn't Germany anymore – where are records archived?
Immigration Records for William Jacka circa 1860 to 1875 from England to Australia?
Deciphering a word from a Spanish birth record (1903 Latin America)
Tracing police service of South Australian constable from 1855 to 1861?
Searching for Birth Records In Philadelphia, PA for births in 1914
Determining relationship between James Stanford Scott and John Stanford Girdler?
Reading surname in 1873 diary from Fullarton, South Australia?
Deep Web Search Tools for Genealogy?
Finding medical records for Richmond State Hospital patient?
Birth records for Baltimore Maryland in the 1840s
Free/open software or method to convert PAF file to GEDCOM?
Verifying facts and relationships given in 16th century visitations?
Where can I locate historical blank US naturalization forms?
Who raised two orphaned children in 1765?
Visualising genetic distance information from personal genetics sites
What percentage of Spanish would I be if my 21st great-grandpa was 50% Spanish?
Parish residency in 19th century Cornwall?
Finding Romanian ancestor's UK naturalisation date?
Understanding Ancestry DNA results for second cousins?
Is Saisy a known 19th century Irish/English nickname for Sarah?
Seeking English burial/death record prior to 1837?
Are Orphanages Included in the U.S. Census?
Would Jewish marriages be listed in the records?
Batch person search by place of residence in historical US census?
Finding widow's relinquishment from 1844 Ohio probate record?
What was surname of Susan/Susanna, wife of Edward McDowell, from Devon area in abt 1800?
Generations extension download for genealogy programs
What does "living 15 Rich. II" mean for the year an ancestor was alive in England?
Is everyone of European ancestry actually descended from Muhammad and Charlemagne?
Why are 99% of my Ashkenazi DNA matches not in the Middle East or Central Asia?
What Exactly are the "Jewish Records" on Ancestry.com?
Researching Kisting immigration to Namibia?
Why would relatives in Massachusetts cross New Hampshire border to be married?
When and where did Mary Thomas b. abt 1793 in Port of Menteith, Dunbartonshire marry her (first) Hutcheson husband and what was his forename?
Is there such a thing as Ashkenazi Jewish surnames?
Locating given surname listed in Virginia Tax Records from late 18th and early 19th century?
How to Decipher months in Virginia tax records with Information on the Collection Methodology?
Comparing 1842 and 1861 signatures of William Barrett?
Finding paternal grandfather?
Duplicate Identities and Persons and Incorrect Records
How to upload a "stripped" GEDCOM to DNA sites
Finding Actes notariés (Notarial Acts) when Notary's name is known?
Name of the church for this parish register?
What is my relationship to a cousin who's 5th Great Grandparents are my 12th Great Grandparents?
Reading first name for Samples surname in Virginia Tax records of 1806?
What might 'pitt Zink' in 1873 South Australian diary mean?
Determining date for Quaker wedding?
Why name John Doe as surety?
What does "Discharged by Proclamation" mean?
Distinguishing Half Siblings from First Cousins using DNA?
Explaining risks when seeking DNA testing by cousin?
Narrowing down date of immigration from England to USA?
Identifying Polish town recorded as Plugazewa, Russia in 1913?
DNA question on %.
Nat Geo result puts paternity in doubt
Why did many 19th century death certificates list age in years, months and days?
Seeking WW2 death record in Russia for Paul Krahn who was born 1917 at Lauenburg (Germany)?
Finding out the ethnicity of your DNA matches?
Looking for marriage record of Albert Augur near Bermondsey (London) around 1870?
Seeking birth record for Margery/Margaret Eddison b. abt 1879 in Scotland?
Finding 1879 Rhode Island marriage record from Ancestry index-only result?
Looking for marriage record for John Leiper b. 1881 in Kincardineshire, Scotland
Indexing nE census record at FamilySearch?
Looking for Deliatitz, Russia?
Finding records about members of the Indian Civil Service?
Does having child of DNA tested parent help find parent's DNA ancestors?
Finding paternal family using DNA?
Record of 2/10 Baluch Regiment soldier in the British archives?
Verifying adoption of ancestor born 1816 in Tennessee, USA?
Does "in the 70th year of her life" mean she was 69?
Seeking books on individual haplogroups?
Maternal or paternal connection?
Translating 1612 Dutch marriage record
Meaning of conditional residence in 1871 baptismal record in Kilkenny, Ireland?
Identifying birth family of Elizabeth Chichester who married in 1799 at Old Cleeve, Somerset, England?
Using absolute vs relative paths for Gramps media?
Given Name in parenthesis on Cemetery Stones
How distant should cousins be before a Big-Y test is helpful?
How do I hide leaf hints on my Ancestry family tree?
What should I look for during a research trip to Knoxville, Tennessee?
Understanding entries in Charlotte County Personal Tax Table for Deceased Person?
Clarifying autosomal DNA match that suggests Half Sibling relationship to aunt?
Is there a way to search for 1935 inferred residence from the 1940 census?
Identifying parents of Orrin Badger who was born 1802 in New Hampshire, USA?
What first name for Brizendine surname is shown in this tax record?
Finding ships sailing from Germany to Brazil between 1824 to 1830?
How many matches can I expect for a Y24 Dna test
Adoption in New York 1927
Deciphering part of 1799 probate from USA?
Records of joiners in Glasgow and Edinburgh
Seeking marriage record of John McGrady and Elizabeth McDonald in Ireland about 1885?
Using Ancestry DNA Circles to distinguish fathers of children to 2nd great grandmother?
What does "Int. Reads" mean on list of marriages from around Boston about 1794?
How can I get USCIS to send me electronic results instead of paper?
Looking into Maltese ancestry?
How to find Luftwaffe pilot service record
Allied POW camps WWII
Looking for Ludwig Schermer, DOB 27 Dec 1917
First cousins relative to the cousin
Understanding shared centimorgans if siblings have child?
What does schedule number mean on 1939 Register?
Determining cause of 1958 death in England?
Understanding Identical mt and Y Haplogroup with adopted man my parents age?
What is this place in County of York on UK War Office Marriage Record?
Looking for marriage of Annie Elizabeth to James Spencer Ward, ca 1900 in Cheshire?
Looking for the 1901 census record of Annie Elizabeth Ward
British citizens in Morocco 19th century?
Where to find Scottish birth records from 1905?
Finding passenger list of ship with German immigrants to Brazil in 1824
Finding other sources for the information on a death certificate?
Looking for more occupational records of Walter Cowin
Searching for ancestry records of family from Bosnia/Serbia/Former Yugoslavia
Obtaining 1899 birth certificate of ancestor born in Turkey to Turkish parents?
DNA tag disappears after tracing many generations back?
What is this percentage column in the Virginia Land Tax Records?
Seeking specific Massachusetts family history book?
Missing father for Mary Goldie born 1891?
What is this annotation on tax record for Virginia with no males?
Why might number of Shared Ancestor Hints go down on AncestryDNA?
Can seventh cousins share 54.7 cM of DNA?
Which side am I seeing paternal or maternal?
Situation of step siblings and not half siblings; Am I correct?
Identify immigration record for John Kelly, Ireland to Michigan about 1840's?
Identifying parents of Clayton Earl Cook who was born 1800 in Virginia, USA?
How to know in GEDCOM if a filiation is unknowable?
Finding information about employment at Remington c. 1917
I have a ged file with 44k entries - what is a good program which will handle it?
Sources of guild records of cabinet-makers in Scotland around 1815-1830?
To whom does this coat of arms belong?
Differentiating between mtDNA Haplogroups L1c1 & L1c1a?
Where in Ireland was Handy Dugan born and baptised?
Where is Gellovsasvetgood, Eazasso, Russia?
What are digital libraries with a significant amount of public-domain genealogical content?
What can analyze a tree and suggest what your next research goal(s) should be?
What is this town in Macedonia, Greece?
Where is Asszumki, Russia?
Can my DNA results be wrong?
Finding Michigan adoption from 1896?
Obtaining Birth Certificate in Poland?
Seeking early 17th Century Birth Place, probably in Kent, England?
Creating GEDCOM diff of all people in one GEDCOM but not another?
Doing neighborhood or street address research in England?
Probability of Specific Relationship from AncestryDNA?
Locating German World War One records when unit not known?
Centimorgans and relationship
Querying GEDCOM file to find people with missing parent(s)?
Understanding matching for Shared Ancestor Hints in AncestryDNA?
Looking for 3rd cousins among 4th cousin matches
How to access digitised content at a FamilySearch Affiliate Library?
Fixing unexpected relationships shown on an Ancestry online tree?
Contacting family of Unteroffizier Wilhelm Braatz shot down in Battle of Britain?
98% European 2% Northern African
Derived vs Ancestral
Differences in Half-Sibling Matches
How can I determine the likely relationship based upon autosomal DNA shared cM?
Seeking 19th century marriage record from Upper Silesia in Poland?
What locality was meant by Trbontle, Yugoslavia?
Different colours for daughters and daughter-in-laws in Gramps Relationship graph
What coal mining towns in Austria were in common migration paths for Slovenians?
DNA test to prove/disprove blood relationship going back ten or twelve generations
Finding specific records of US WW2 veterans?
Finding source of father's first name on 1713 Staffordshire baptism from FamilySearch index?
Understanding DNA test results for aunt
Looking for birth record of Catherine Jones in Llanfynydd, circa 1882
Is Frances CHADWICK also Catherine Pearl?
Distinguishing 3rd cousin from half sibling?
Understanding wording of 1720 baptism at Stogumber, Somerset, England?
Backtracking to find source of birth date?
Understanding whether AncestryDNA ethnicity result indicates being Multiracial?
What does Orring County North Carolina mean in Quaker records?
Using AncestryDNA to verify biological father?
Meaning of occupation codes in Maine Town Register?
Seeking US death record from about 1912?
Am i half mexican?
Finding ancestor who was World War 1 Polish soldier?
What does 'DD' mean in a name on GEDmatch.com?
Filter part of my tree in Gramps
Jacob Schulthess Wangen an der Aare records
Reading occupations in 1841 UK census for James Nichols and his father William?
Next steps once DNA match is found
Seeking photos from HMS Glendower & Royal Arthur?
Finding former slaves on the 1870 US Federal Census?
Strange results on DNA Test
How do I search for the surname SPEAK and not the verb speak?
German marriage query for Anna Waltraude ENSFELDER born Hamelin
Looking for parents of Charlotte Wood from Middlesex, London?
Identifying and locating records for town in Westfalen?
Looking for Census records of Joseph Campbell, born in Chester 1854
When the same name or family comes up in ancestors of DNA matches
John Rebbler/Latour of New Orleans brickwall and adoption
Seeking birth record for Jacob Schulthess from Wangen an der Aare in Switzerland?
Seeking death record for Jacob Schulthess who died in Wangen an der Aare prison in Switzerland?
Were minors always described as such in 18th century wills?
Relationship terminology after death of a relative
What is the origin of the Maltese/Gozitan surname "Apap"?
What to do with late mother's boxes of documents?
great grandather Luigi Raimondi and Sylvia Fiorentini in Brasil 1900
Investigating whether blood relates two Holme women?
Submitting genealogy materials to US Library of Congress?
An explanation for unusual birth record
Information on a ship called the "Bancroft"
Finding ancestors on hand-drawn family tree?
Where was Babie, Russia (era 1890's)?
Privacy restrictions for ordering death certificates in England?
Finding resting place of deceased Leicestershire clergyman?
Finding death record of Charles Brown Filshie born 1910 Gorbals, Lanarkshire, Scotland?
Distinguishing half sibling from niece/nephew using AncestryDNA?
Reading illegible document from Scotland's People?
Obtaining birth certificates from colonial Malacca/Straits Settlements
High match on autosomal DNA, but no X DNA match to mother's half sister
How did two birth records from the same sub-district end up in different districts?
Seeking World War 1 service record for Italian Army cook from Collessano, Sicily?
Finding Obituary from British Newspaper Archive?
Does 5.1% Ashkenazi Jew from DNA count as Jewish ethnically?
Tracking down birth of James Spencer Ward circa 1830s in Wrenbury?
Does my mother need an mtDNA test?
mtDNA Match Discrepancy
Is Rygate, Surry the same as Reigate, Surrey?
Just found out I may have a half sister
What type of journey from Plymouth to Exeter in 1751 might cost 1 pound 5 shillings?
Location of centromeres in humans
Identifying cause of death on Scottish record
What records are available that might contain someone’s blood type?
Could Snows X be intersection of Snowsfield and Crucifix Lane, Bermondsey?
Can 1801-1831 censuses in England be viewed online?
Looking for marriage (or birth) of Isabella Cubbin, born circa 1847 on Isle of Man?
What are the names in this Status Animarum from Slovenia?
How do spatial analysis (GIS) and genealogy overlap?
Getting started with Guatemala family history?
What is German translation of this Marriage record written in Kurrent?
What is the date and rank of this photo of a British soldier?
Identifying birth family of Heinrich Ernst Walter in Markendorf, Hannover, Germany?
What are names and dates in this Status Animarum for Gregorcčič at Roženberk 6?
Locating origin of Macht Family from Bavaria;possibly Wunsiedel?
Installing Gigatree on Windows 10?
How is "Person" in my Ancestry.com tree related to me?
Mexico - What would require Declaration of Legitamate Birth?
What is this man's uniform and probable decade of photograph?
Which archive holds records for Swiss Guard serving in Naples, Italy or Vatican?
Estimating delivery time of GRO's new PDF format?
Where did my 2nd great-uncle William Morris go after 1914?
What are names and dates in this Status Animarum for Mali Cirnik 13?
Do X-DNA matches indicate we are related from the mother (maternal side)?
Explaining paternal haplogroup of J2a1b1 for Chinese person?
Matching unknown family member apparent from AncestryDNA?
Looking for Alexander Ormond on 1861 census?
How old was infant considered to be in US in 1850?
Why might I be unable to find a parish burial record?
Why does death record from 1872 in England not contain parent details?
Determining a relationship from the 1871 census?
Does DNA testing show both maternal and paternal ancestry?
Wrong ages in England and Wales Census
Numbering and pedigree collapse
Pedigree collapse and generation number
Who was Sold Börnig in Germany?
Trying to find dates for cabinet cards with Brooklyn business information and addresses?
What is this last name that looks like Kennet?
Is this last name Jurglič?
What is the meaning of the cross symbol I see added to individuals in Status Animarium records?
Is this surname Maizen?
What is this first name for Gregorčič witness to marriage?
What town is meant by the location Gorn. Laknic?
What does location Boshte mean?
Finding British militia records?
Did the spelling of this surname change or is it misread?
Seeking the mtDNA raw data or actual results for the Windover Bog Site Mummies
Identifying John Morgan, son of Thomas D. Morgan (1809-1870)?
What does this Peninsular War medal roll say?
What information is on Georgia birth certificates?
Interpreting 17th century German dates?
Is DNA match between two parties that ought not be related by "blood" possible?
Evaluating birth year when different on SSDI and gravestone?
Recording dates from old documents?
Formulating a strategy to locate a marriage
Is it normal to be baptised on same day as birth?
Autosomal DNA: Can I tell who is the parent and who is the child?
Tracking sources of photos obtained through MyHeritage.com?
Search for Joseph Whalley
Identifying the parents of Moritz Martin Bernhardt born 1827 Treptow Prussia
Determining if 2nd cousin is father from DNA test?
Acceptable number of no-calls in autosomal DNA test results?
Meaning of "hinterlassen" in old German marriage record
What can I deduce (if anything) from these US City Directories
Shared centimorgans of second cousins with different paternal grandfathers?
53 Segments of DNA
Locating relatives in 1920 Siberia
1st cousin match on 23andme.com no shared x chromosone
Interpreting Land Record Abstract pre-1730 Pennsylvania?
Reading word on 1908 death certificate from New South Wales?
Is Unregistered Death possible after 1900 in U.S.?
Interpreting where Informant was when 1908 Death on NSW Certificate occurred?
Obtaining 1932 birth certificate from Turkey?
Tracing undertaker records for funeral held in Sydney 1908?
How to interpret Samuel Trigg in Early Virginia Immigrants repeated entries?
Where is Daniel Trigg from Ancestry Source?
Looking for information about Anna Oldag (*10 Oct 1866 in Warmbrunn)
What errors are in this transcription in Status Animarum from Slovenia?
Adopted and making sense of my DNA matches: which are paternal vs maternal?
Match on Autosomal DNA but no match on X chromosome
Belonging to Scottish Clan MacGregor?
How does the GEDMatch Relationship Tree Projection Tool Work?
Where did this baptism take place?
Looking for the birth place of Michael Joseph Farrell
Could "Our Mother" be a term of endearment on 1855 headstone?
Why no DNA match with possible seventh cousin?
Understanding X-DNA match from GEDmatch?
Why was a Prussian soldier in Nova Scotia in 1817?
Finding 3rd great grandmother’s parents’ names around 1836 in Warren, Ohio?
When and why to cite contemporaneous certificates as artifacts?
What is "braid Scotch"?
Distinguishing half sibling, uncle or half nephew using Ancestry DNA?
Finding 18th century birth record when "born Foreign Parts" according to 1841 England Census?
Barney DeVine Circus Performer from Ireland 1800-1860
Travel from Australia to Palestine, 1870s
Are suffixes like Jr. and Sr. ever used to distinguish e.g. grandson and grandfather?
How do I determine when to search for non-conformist birth/baptism records?
What proportion of the births or baptisms of children were recorded in early nineteenth century England?
Finding Birth Parents of Child from New England in 1850s?
Translating German/Latin in German marriage record from 1706?
Reading Latin date description in 18th century German church record?
Interpreting Georgia property tax digest record from 1850?
Who were parents of Johann Gottlieb Drange (b.1850 or 1851)
Interpreting dates in German church registers from 18th century?
Photo matching software
Reading Austrian public record?
Would selling land at a low price to someone of the same surname indicate a familial relationship?
Reading descriptor preceding name in 18th century German church record?
Possible half-sibling based on matching Centimorgans
How can I distinguish between name changes and missing records?
Interpreting a phrase in a Banns record from 1825 Pembrokeshire
Evaluating Ancestry databases without active subscription?
Tracing Family Tree lineage for Romanian ancestor?
Missing expected Norwegian ethnicity in Family Tree atDNA results?
Determining if Ancestry DNA results support Half Sibling relationship?
Interpreting 17th century German church record?
Researching German relative in WWI
Who would grant a lion tamer licence in northern England?
Step- relation help
Explaining unshared DNA segments with full sibling?
How did the surname Ormond originate?
Reading illegible marriage record?
Making corrections to Ancestry assumed counties attributions which are incorrect?
Cherokee and Irish DNA
No age shown for daughter who "died while the revision was being compiled"
Finding FHC File #'s in New York City?
Can half sibling category actually be full sibling?
"non-zero cM for X" result needed for GEDmatch Relationship Calculator?
What does 'for the ferm' (or possibly 'farm' or possibly 'feren') mean in Welsh Land Tax records?
Italian Navy Records from 1820 to 1840
Searching for information about Pauline Kramer an Orphan born 1913 in NYC
Is there a way to rename a surname in an Ancestry tree?
Seeking birth family of Srinivasan with parents Arunasalam and Amirtham poondi thanjavur in India?
Seeking birth/baptism record for Michael Zomolsky born 1913 in Ukraine?
How to narrow down the best DNA donors in a large family?
Looking for very old water way in North Carolina?
Half Sibling DNA not matching?
Identifying era of Family Bible posted on Facebook?
Are these two men named Thomas Holme the same man?
Seeking records of German relative in French Camp de Gur during World War II?
Looking for John Ward, father of James Spencer Ward
Seeking detailed passenger list for Solway sinking Falmouth-Corunna in 1843?
What is the cause of death on this certificate?
What is Census occupation named Folder Work?
Establishing a link between birth and marriage records in an 18th German church register
Finding parents and precise Date of Birth for child born in Massachusetts in 1919?
Finding parent for William Jefferson KLJG-CYG who was born District of Columbia about 1810?
Finding parents for James Henry Posey who was born in Maryland 1831?
Isolating DNA segments related to specific ethnicity-location
DNA Sticky segments
Finding records of ancestor who died in London in 1948?
Why would my Full sibling results 99.7% be so close to my half sibling DNA result 99.6% with my sister
What is this first name or Haynes surname?
Finding 1904 Birth Record from Constanta, Romania?
Finding out what church a 19th century English family belonged to?
Irvine Laird of Drum surname question
Understanding 1939 Registration district numbers?
What is the "household members" number in the New York birth index?
Determining shared maternal or paternal lineage via shared DNA segments?
What do the column headings stand for at the of these two pages of the Georgia Property Tax Digest 1793-1892?
Why are MyHeritage atDNA SNPs higher than other test sites?
Finding US marine ancestor without knowing birthdate?
Layout tools to print big GEDCOM plus pictures to posters?
Finding Foreign Legion recruits from WW2?
Explaining DNA mystery of unexpected 1st cousin?
Software/tool to generate 'trial' family trees?
Should full first cousins (same gender) always share same xDNA matches?
Storing archival-quality photo pages in a 'regular' binder?
Origin of rare Maltese surname De Nasi/Nasis?
Tracing residence in England during WW2?
Changing birth certificate paternity in Oklahoma, USA?
How to filter and sort MyHeritage DNA matches?
Identifying date of family prayer book?
Determining ethnicity?
Could be half brother?
Sharing DNA with Capon family.on AncestryDNA?
Filtering for Triangulated matches in MyHeritage?
Could Francis Tolvert Greenway baptised 1774 at Falmouth be Francis Green who married Grace Woodley 1798 at Totnes?
Trying to find father using AncestryDNA?
Is the relationship an aunt /niece or half sister to my mother?
What is this hand written, abbreviated month?
What lodge did my grandfather belong to?
Determining relationship to spouse when own great grandmother is also 5th cousin 2 times removed of spouse?
How can I strengthen my identification of Luke Hallam and his wife Ann in 18th century Nottinghamshire?
What is being recorded in this Latin church vital record?
Where is Ribet, Russia-Poland?
The elusive Michael Gassmann of Birlenbach, France
Helping my son find his unknown biological father
Locating Russian town named Dobrows from 1902 passenger list?
Importing Gedcom from MyHeritage into existing Ancestry.com tree?
Finding original spelling of Polish name Vazuka which was anglicized on arrival to US?
Listing Protocol when there is birth name and other "also known as"?
Half brother and sister related to other family?
What are these abbreviations in Wills and Administrations of Isle of Wight, Virginia?
Is it possible for DNA from two male cousins to appear to have the same father in the sibling test?
What relation could godson be, and brothers of another surname?
How many CentiMorgans would a half 2nd cousin be?
Seeking Crew List for Prinz Oskar German Passenger Ship to Philadelphia, Pa circa 1914?
Can group of matches on same segment with cM value in mid 20s be out-of-range?
Assessing the frequency of surname in an 18th century English parish
Which Source template in FTM 2017 for Find A Grave?
Finding records of Spanish ancestor born 1839 in Catalonia?
Is a DNA match with a very high X-DNA cM value always valid (or could it be a false-positive)?
maternal haplogroup and X-DNA Comparison: is this likely a relation?
Polish/ Russian Town - 1913
Has Ancestry.com stopped making available gedcoms?
What is "Geschwisterkind von muetterlicher seit"?
Is there any genealogy software that will assemble lists of cousins from a gedcom?
Should Male or Female Sibling Take DNA Test?
Seeking parents of ancestor born 1838 in Saxony Province, Germany?
Identifying German soldier in WWII from single photo?
Finding sources for Kent Family Genealogy?
Needing further testing to determine half-sib status?
Seeking current location of shtetl from 1900 named Sukaron?
What is "dritter Grad der Blutsverwandtschaft" (third degree/grade of blood relationship)
Seeking baptism record for Jacob Reinhart born 1799 at Bietzen, Saarland, Deutschland?
Seeking 1880 Birth Record of Santa Catherine Gazzanovich at Brecon, Wales?
Determining 2nd or 3rd cousin relationship
Can someone sort out a tricky wedding party for me?
Why were Bondsmen shown for 1717 Probate Letters of Administration?
Seeking Argentina-Buenos Aires immigration and residential records for Dusan Biukovic
Understanding BWD Acronym in genealogy diagrams?
Finding Ryan/Hayes/Fleming family (1850) cemetery near Drumwood, Ireland?
Seeking software which displays (yet) unrelated persons and family trees for overview
Translating a handwritten Ireland baptism record
Finding avenue that appears to no longer exist?
What is meaning of apostatavit on 18th century Alsatian birth record?
What does a "X" on the left side mean for an Ireland baptism record?
DNA second cousin who is parent?
Tracing African relative based on autosomal DNA results?
Determing if DNA match is half sibling or 1st cousin?
Were bodies shipped overseas to be buried?
Determining birth year (~1837) and birthplace of Jeremiah Ryan from Drumwood, Tipperary, Ireland?
GDPR and genealogy
How could I make myheritage print tree with step-dads?
Finding Gavril and Olga Friedmann of Arad, Romania?
Reading Ireland baptism record from 1826?
Did the Ryan family leave a footprint in England when immigrating to New Zealand in 1875 and 1883?
Researching genealogy in Turkey?
Strip down a gedcom file
Is there an application that searches for common ancestors of three or more individuals
What newspapers/magazines would people have used in Solloghodmore Ireland around 1850?
Researching genealogy in Peru?
Would a deceased father be named on his child's baptism record?
Do Quakers typically have their marriage records recorded with the government?
What church was before St. Nicholas Church, Solohead and Oola, Ireland?
Seeking to verify 1862 Scottish marriage, birth and death records for a Henry Clifford stationed with the Royal Navy at Leith
Seeking site to compare Autosomal DNA results from National Geographic and Ancestry?
Researching relative's WW II Italian military service?
Are We Closer Kin Than First Cousins?
How should I interpret this sequence of records?
Public release date for 1926 Canadian Prairie Prov. Census, soon?
Reading surname from US, Massachusetts Boston - Crew Lists, 1917-1943?
Using shared cM to determine likelihood of misattributed paternity?
In vital records at the Paris (France) Archives, what is the meaning of "ter" in the Numéro de l'acte (record number)?
Explaining major discrepancy in genomic position between Gedmatch and MyHeritage?
Finding birth father in the Merchant Marine?
Half Siblings not showing up as DNA matches?
How can I turn a family tree on Geni.com into a printable PDF report?
Should a Proof Summary be included in a Lineage Society application to explain minor conflicts?
Finding records in the place of origin of an immigrant to Canada & USA from Poland?
Looking for Nesbitt family from England?
Seeking 1873 marriage record for Gregor Nanik from Upper Silesia?
Seeking tools to analyse 23andme raw data?
Finding 1894 birth record for ancestor born in Poland?
I'm a 2nd cousin to someone, my brother is a distant cousin?
Understanding DNA results?
Searching for half-sisters from Switzerland?
Are there any tools that will display a complete tree
Distinguishing relationships based on DNA numbers and age difference?
Using "shared DNA" column in 23andme for triangulation?
Is birthmother sharing only 1549 centimorgans possible?
Using DNA data on different genealogy sites?
What ships did father serve on in Royal Fleet Auxiliary (RFA)?
Interpreting (yet another) 17th century German church record?
Tracing relationships on FamilySearch's Family Tree through more than 15 generations?
How can I generate a listing of birthdays and anniversaries in FamilyTreeBuilder?
Different genetic relation strength through maternal vs paternal line?
Are these two signatures from the same person?
find relatives in-common or not-in-common based on multiple people?
Finding an immigrant ancestor's origin from Lithuania?
How likely is it that I am related to a specific person who was living 20 or 30 generations ago?
Where is Trehavron, Kenwyn (Cornwall, England)?
How to interpret my having ethnicities inconsistent with my parents?
Is longest cM a better predictor of relatedness than total cM for Ashkenazi Jews?
Seeking DNA test to identify region or tribe for Native American ancestry?
Finding information about ancestors from Eastern Thrace who were forced to leave Turkey 1922-1923?
Identifying which husband of my great grandmother my father came from
What does MSW stand for in a book on University of Michigan sports?
Taking endogamy into account when analyzing DNA matches?
Total centimorgans vs shared dna segments?
Determining if mid-18th century signatures are from same hand?
X DNA match without autosomal match but no match with his mother
Strategies for finding biological grandparents using DNA matches?
Deciphering place names in Northern Alsace?
Using DNA to prove parentage?
Can half-siblings show different relationships to extended family?
Is this DNA match likely to be a cousin or a half sibling?
How to interpret "in descent from"
How long might a couple have 'courted' and been engaged in mid-nineteenth century Wales?
Importing .fbc, .ftmb files into Linux GRAMPS?
What Romanian surnames sound similar to Cashol?
Extracting data from Family Tree Maker into spreadsheet?
Is Russian village named Rawaliszki in 1912 still there?
Understanding why two female first cousins share a lot of X-DNA?
Passenger manifests - internal sailings uk?
Gedcom file with Person/Individual containing multiple Places/Residences
Can half siblings share no common DNA?
Who was the Jackson Moore named in the 1838 will of Zachariah Green?
Reading old 16th century baptism records
How would one find listings of names on ledger stones in English cathedrals?
How does this cousin have NO relation to other cousin?
Where is (was) the Mormon Post Office in Utah Territory in 1860
Is this a half niece/uncle relationship vs 1st cousin once removed, or something else?
What is written over some of these Irish birth records?
How to help adoptee find her father without outing him?
Where to find church records for Niedersachsen / Nordstemmen
Evaluating Ancestry DNA match to clarify Half Sibling relationships?
Finding biological father and half siblings in Spain using DNA?
half-sibling's child listed as 1st/2nd cousin
Looking for ancestor in or around Râvâsel, Sibiu, Romania?
What can I infer about John Wright from this 1841 census entry?
Sharing more autosomal DNA with second cousin's child than with second cousin?
Why would I match someone in a region neither of my parents do?
Where is Shemelincsi, Volynsk guberniya in Russia?
Interpreting a Freemasons' Lodge Register
Seeking records of ancestor born in Lemberg/Lviv (Ukraine) in 1913?
Estimating centimorgans of shared autosomal DNA between female and half paternal brother?
Is this close family member on AncestryDNA a half sibling?
Reading names on 1912 City of Chicago death certificate?
Relationship to DNA match who may share my mother with my great-uncle
Understanding AncestryDNA match of 1,866 cM if not Half Sibling?
Finding recent death records in Germany?
How could we be related. All combinations make zero sense
Who were the wives of John Ervin (1791-1843)?
Proving the father of Elijah Butterfield born 1792 in Washington County, New York
Finding military record of B F Ervin of 2nd Indiana Cavalry?
Confirming a connection
DNA results from Ancestry
Phased psuedo-kit on GEDmatch -- what accounts for huge drops in SNP count?
FTDNA match list includes people who don't appear as matches
Is Whole Genome Testing in any way useful for Genealogy?
Dealing with sibling surprise?
Finding illegitimate boy after birth in 1903?
Half Uncle Mystery
Centimorgans shared with a great unclie
What do you do with photos after scanning them?
Setting up Locations in Family Tree Maker 2017?
Are there different amounts of "fuzziness" in the endpoints when doing pairwise 1-1 comparisons among three people at GEDmatch?
Triangulation conundrum
Percentages of nucleotides in raw DNA
What is the meaning of the handwritten notation on the pension record of Charles Clements?
British War Medal
Half Sibling Centimorgans
Half sibling or 1st cousin?
What information would be on a 1915 Arkansas death certificate?
Looking for records in Dumfriesshire pre 1841
What is the meaning of Xed out entries in Massachusetts vital records?
Interpreting genealogical dates
Understanding the disposal of an estate in Jersey
Historical Business Documents (1905-1930) Colorado
DNA results for half sibling
Are birth records of US adoptees really sealed?
What was William H. Clements' military service shown on this military grave registration?
Reconstructing autosomal genomes of Mayflower passengers
Using Collaborator status of AncestryDNA to see tree owner's shared matches to one of their matches?
Is Sarah M. Robinson's mother Anna Strong really Eleanor Denton?
Does 2% fall into the normal range of amount of DNA shared with a first half cousin?
Translating Danish death notices?
Seeking image from New York 1860 Federal Census Index?
Segments with no matches
When triangulation is not transitive
Understanding high match on autosomal and X dna?
Determining if siblings are half siblings or full siblings?
What was the career of Patrick Golden on the 1870 census?
Tracking down father not listed on birth certificate?
Is aunt actually mother's half sister?
What happened to Gustav Adolf Neumann - part II?
How to find a slater named Patrick M Golden in 1870 records?
Finding person missed in 1920 census?
People who give their children the same first name as themselves
Finding parents of John Brown 1774-1845 born Kingsbury Episcopi, Somerset, England?
Ancestry Ethnicity says I'm 100% Irish and Scottish?
How to decode / read US Veterans Bureau Form 7202?
Decoding trophy cards of german soldiers (WWII)
Are centimorgan contributions additive?
What is this word for untaxed tithe in Virginia in 1761?
No shared X DNA segments found
Interpreting 23andMe results for half siblings that share 45.5% of their DNA?
Finding birth/baptism records for Prussian ancestor born around 1840?
DNA not supporting linear genealogy between grandparent, child and grandson?
Representing large pedigree chart as spreadsheet?
Seeking Photo Management Software for genealogical research?
Finding WW1 military record of German ancestor?
How much Chinese dna will show up on my dna test
What are "I"-prefixed travel document numbers on INS Form I-415 ship manifests?
Understanding xDNA match when no atDNA?
Half siblings using cMs (centimorgans)
Understanding Half Siblings and Half Cousin terminology?
Identifying maternal grandfather through autosomal DNA testing?
Identifying family crest?
Using DNA to link individuals after a name change
Field family motto
Is DNA match 1st cousin or niece?
Reading city name in Eastern Europe on passport from around 1900?
Finding Grandfathers birth certificate born in Lwów Poland
Deciphering lines from 1909 Ellis Island record?
Is further testing needed to determine half sibling?
Hiding an individual person in an Ancestry.com tree
How can genetic relatives be related to both maternal and paternal sides, but not each other?
3rd cousin DNA match not matching either parent?
1890s birth for Anna Hunkalo in Lwów?
Why is surname Bender not on record?
23 and Me DNA testing finding new (close) relatives
Where is/was village of Chalewisz in 1913 Russia?
Finding military records for Romanian pilots stationed in Jüterbog during WWII?
Triangulation with DNA Results - is something amiss?
Why was ancestor imprisoned in Bodmin Gaol?
Confirming possible half sibling from AncestryDNA?
English translation of "wagenknecht"
Looking for Czaruazien, Russia?
Tracing surviving records of Friedrich Longerich from WW2?
Perplexing Shared DNA Data - First Cousin Once Removed or Half Niece?
Translating WW1 German postcard?
Searching family roots in Bihar, India?
Establishing Native American Lineage via Online Database Tools?
Interpreting runs of homozygosity data to determine how closely parents were related?
Seeking WW1 German military records?
Can this Verlustliste record be excluded or verified based on what (little) I know?
What uniform is this?
Detaching source from individual in Family Tree Maker 2017?
If my great grandmother is Half Spanish what percent does that make me?
Emil Fuchs military history from world war 1
Finding Korean War-Baby Brother using GEDmatch?
Understanding Second Cousins using X DNA match?
What is the teacher's last name?
Explaining how all DNA matches are shared with Half sibling?
Interpreting matches with low cM values and high SNPs (or vice versa)?
Italian Navy personnel records 1904-1946
Searching for UK records when only minimal information to go on?
Is this Match a Half Niece or a Second Cousin?
What is the meaning of the German surname "Wiesch"?
What is San Francisco lodge- No. 2, K. R. A?
Working with DNA results for multiple profiles across multiple sites
What is the meaning and origins of the family name, Majersdorf?
Was Daniel Rich (Jr.?) the grandson of Jacob Rich? Or, the confusing case of Daniel Rich (Sr.?) and Nancy Marshall
How Piasecki was spelled originally?
Reporting error in someone else's tree at Geni.com?
Are there general notions of distance between individuals in a genealogy?
Locating ancestor's birth town in New York State?
Does the name "Geerkens" have a meaning in either old Dutch or German (possibly related to "gherkins")?
Understanding relationship with Shared DNA of 1,911 cM across 62 segments?
Would a Wife be mentioned in 18th Century English Will?
23rd Light Dragoons
Can Ancestry.com DNA matches be wrong
What is the proper way to denote that a person is known by his/her middle name?
Finding immigration and surname record russia to Leeds uk
Finding UK immigration record for Isaac Gabriel of Russia?
Finding Irish children in Germany post-1917?
Gramps on Linux cannot read BDDB from Windows
Distinguishing half-brother from uncle when sharing 2,183 centimorgans?
Can I do the 23 and me spit test after a prolonged fast?
Reading a word in an 1841 census image
Adequacy of DNA evidence -- how can I improve it?
Why do parent and child share more cM than full siblings?
Understanding West Eurasian DNA when no European ancestry?
Finding 1953 Louisiana marriage license of parents?
Understanding DNA ethnicity result?
Family History Grandfather who served in 7th Panzer Division War Records
Sisters who match to me have very different centimorgans?
The Stanley family in Jamaica and England
Making family chart with everyone in it?
Unknown 1st cousin match who shares matches with both grandparents
Finding German birth father who emigrated to Canada?
Where to find 1911 sub-districts in order?
which programmes use UID tag and what are the guidelines
Understanding second cousin predictions from AncestryDNA?
Dating photo of car and camper from about 1940s?
Dating photo of train station depot in Mertzon, Texas?
Dating photo of family members in front of house in Texas?
Second cousins or double second cousins?
Which type of DNA test could help spot ancestry from father's great-grandmother?
Seeking computer-based family-tree software for Mac/PC?
Finding records of professional athlete and trainer who married 1911 at Cardiff, Wales?
Creating a custom source on ancestry.co.uk
How can 3/4 siblings share mother but not paternal ancestry?
Can the amount of saliva affect how many centiMorgans are shared between 1st cousins?
Privacy concerns regarding online (web-based) genealogy software
Possible Half Sibling
Is autosomal DNA match of 2,277 cM a full sibling?
Finding a town in Russia-Poland from 1910
What is family connection for 1722 cM match?
Should a transcript appear in both the media and the citation?
Brother/sister have fully identical segment -- match only matches one of them on that segment
DNA match higher with a younger generation of the family
How to interpret this Scottish Catholic Register birth/baptism entry?
Locating and reading will of Elwyn Bernard Blair who died in 1934 at Atchison, Kansas?
Learning personal history of Asmus Nicolai Clausen?
Interpreting results of siblingship test?
Identifying Military Uniform from Franco Prussian War?
Travelling to Romania to explore family roots?
Understanding close family match from AncestryDNA?
Was it mandatory to record a parent as deceased on a marriage certificate?
cannot export Family Tree Maker file to .pdf with Win 10
Finding German birth record for Heinz Gunther Edward Curdt in early 20th Century?
Deducing relationship from DNA results for two matches at two different websites?
Match to a man and his daughter, but not his grandson
Father and Son on Same Tax List
Searching for information on German held prisoner of war in England during WW2
Explaining unknown person found in family listing in 1940 Federal Census of Iowa?
Combining maiden name, birth and death dates in parentheses
Seeking word for wife's father's first cousin?
Is AncestryDNA match of 2,063 cM a half sibling?
Finding original surname of Anton Orsik who immigrated to United States from Russia (Lithuania)?
Why would the spelling of a town in Romania be changed upon arrival in Canada?
Understanding process by which People of Color in Georgia got freedom?
What are the chances of having autosomal DNA from an ancestor N generations back?
Can ‘junk DNA’ be tested to arrive at genealogy insights?
Reading the cause of death for an acute type of pneumonia
Estimating when photo of ancestor who lived 1833-1902 was taken?
Name changes in Canada in the 1920s?
AncestryDNA showing No Match for Half Aunt?
Associating an obituary with a person on Ancestry
Is AncestryDNA match of 1,655 cM a half sibling?
Reading remarks from Royal Hospital, Chelsea record from early 19th century?
Finding parents of Lazarus Elisha Adams?
Finding 1920s Adoption Information in New York State?
Was there a Morascini (Morrasini) on Italian naval roster anywhere during 19th century?
Cannot find an immigrant in the 1860/70 US Census
Does AncestryDNA match of 1,697cM indicate half sibling or aunt?
Enabling downloads with metadata and/or self-descriptive file names on Ancestry?
What is the profession "Greensman" in 1937?
Not sharing any centimorgans with person who mother shares 102cM?
Tracing family from WW2 Lvov
Origin of Falez Surname?
Marshalls fought in the Spanish Civil War
Locating autopsy results for suicide in NYC in 1931?
Correct spelling of Austrian surname Wasmanski?
Seeking records of Prussian army artillery service in 1880s?
WWII Draft Records for Washington State
Seeking informational resources on “Robinson” family name origin?
My Full DNA: Whole Genome Sequencing with mtDNA from dante labs
Are there any online resources to verify death of a inmate at Fort Leavenworth?
Ordering certificates from the Corella Registry Office in Spain
I don't know who my dad is but I have DNA paternal matches
Seeking Canadian immigration record for Pater Vavaruk/Varvarook who came from Romania 1910-1915?
How to find German battle accounts
Camp Des Chaumes, France WWII
Passenger to the Caribbean from Spain
What relation is my Half-Aunt to her DNA Matches?
what data will be lost when exporting from "gramps database model" to "gedcom database model"?
What was the process for getting started with farming in the 1920s in Saskatchewan?
Verify facts about military service and use of alias
Medical Family Tree - Information to Obtain
Finding village called Rubel in Poland, pre WW2?
Lateral gedcom visualisation with embedded pictures
What does 'civil' mean in a location
What kind of name is Awakum?
Does Cause of death being Convulsions suggest Cholera?
Restoring 1998 FTM files?
How do descendants of twins affect DNA matching?
How many Centimorgans would be shared with half niece?
Identifying half brother using AncestryDNA?
Reducing risk of confirmation bias with DNA test results?
Male with X-chromosome matches from father's side?
Checking if surname is common in Czech Republic?
How many centimorgans should I share if second cousins marry?
Understanding second cousin match on AncestryDNA?
Finding birth records in Scotland?
What can I deduce from this newspaper extract?
Cause of death on an 1871 British Death certificate
Private DNA Test Results for Half Sibling
Does 1,845cM shared indicate possible half sibling?
Will half-brother or half-sister DNA provide more relevant info?
Norwegian naming conventions
Half-Sister/1st Cousin Shared DNA
Finding place of birth for Martha Hyde Bell of Quebec?
Reading city, town or name under Father in 1910 immigration record?
What is date of the photo of woman with wrist watch?
What is name of this 1927 town in Missouri?
Ancestry showing wrong connection?
Deleting fact in MyHeritage "New Fact" panel?
Learning legal relationship to mother and father in-law when legally separated?
Private baptism in one church followed by baptism in another?
Conflicting names of ancestor's parents from different records?
Deciphering cause of death?
Establishing birthplace of Heinrich Oldag in Silesia?
Why might ancestors be missing from 1926 Canadian census?
Missing Enumeration District/Families in the 1920 U.S. Census
Is a 12 CM 1 segment match better evidence for a common ancestor if it's otherwise unlikely?
Half siblings or double cousins?
Fields required to specify a video in source / citation
Finding name changes and surname usage for children?
Distinguishing half siblings from cousins using AncestryDNA?
Birth certificate v Baptism entry
Finding households in the 1926 census of Prairie Provinces?
Finding German immigrant family named Karl in US (1850s/1860s)?
Is my source the document or where I obtained it?
Finding names for parents of Louis Spitzer who was born 1826 in Prussia?
Possible Half Siblings?
Are AncestryDNA matches of 904 to 1,211 cM likely to indicate half siblings?
Deciphering hospital location on death certificate from 1977
What was the Tennessee General Assembly Act passed November 2 1847 in reference to Land Grants?
Managing MyHeritage messages
Migrating data from Title field to Occupation event using Gramps?
Similar info on death info, but a different middle name shown
Deciding between multiple birth names and dates?
Possible family relationship with 3rd cousins
Searching for information about WWII German soldier?
Which archives have the Imperial-era revision lists & metrical books from Kamchatka?
Understanding how to use Massachusetts Marriage Index
Getting birth certificate of Augusta Fluger Pasch born in Hamburg in 1834?
Change birth name or use Also Known As
What does M mean in the 'Free or Slave' field in the 1850 US Federal Census Mortality Schedule?
Understanding the indexing process used to produce records searches?
Adding source citation for Cremation?
Can one known use of a name be regarded as a nickname?
How to identify 19th century birth record in England when uncertain of parent's given names?
Finding place named St Nagille, France in 1914?
Handling nicknames on Ancestry.com?
Died at sea but listed as arriving
Deciphering death certificate writing
What would DS and FL stand for in Passenger list
Providing evidence of Consent of Parents for Marriage by minor in England in early 1800s?
Interpreting MyHeritage DNA Match of 973cM?
Understanding half first cousin DNA results when no match?
Cousin claiming to be half sister?
Combining sibling DNA data for easier research
What are some possible reasons that a father's name is missing from a birth certificate - England?
Reporting problems with GEDMATCH site?
How is it that Family Photos appear on Postcards?
Approximate Date of this early 20th century photo?
Creating a phased DNA kit using grandparents' kits?
When did FOX CO make photographs of this style?
How do I record a Repository from one Agency but different sections?
Why is my ancestor missing from the New GRO Index - England?
How many years back are these Gedmatch European matches?
Translating column headings in Hungarian marriage register (from Slovakia)?
Does George B Sperry logo on fold case for photos indicate photographer or case manufacturer?
Great grandfather adoption in 1860 in illinois
Identification of an old postcard
Are the Shoreditch Board of Guardians records for St. Leonards Workhouse online anywhere?
Would a Half aunt share x-dna with her father's granddaughter?
Difficulty providing a saliva sample for DNA testing
Where can I find more detailed prison records - Stroud, England?
Finding 1845 birth/baptism record for Augustus Otto Fesch in Prussia?
Seeking unknown History to German soldier
Proper way to record mother's maiden name in Gramps 5?
Finding where Dobhal family came from in Karnataka?
Tracing family tree if grandparents moved to UK from Pakistan?
What does Mother Late Spinster mean on Baptism?
Seeking information about Immigration to America from Austria?
Seeking software to help triangulate segment DNA matches?
Seeking birthplace of William Kruse, b 1899
Reading religion column in 1906 Denmark Census image?
Determining if 1,814cM match from AncestryDNA is Half Sibling?
Reading occupation in 1906 Denmark Census image?
Reading place-names in 1906 Denmark Census image?
Testing siblings DNA to determine full siblings?
Removing options from name "Origin" field of Gramps?
Seeking pre-1825 birth/baptism record in Prussia for George Fesch?
Seeking Family Tree Software with Photo Integration that tags faces of people?
Renaming Family when people have not thought of others as part of their Family?
Ancestor born in Bristol City workhouse?
Stacking DNA and trees?
Historical Census and Authenticity
What is the parenthetical phrase in this Irish baptism record?
What email address is used to ask about my Prussian grandfather who was captured by the Russians in Stettin, Pomerania in 1945?
Did my potential ancestor lie about his wife dying so that he could marry again?
Assessing Biogene DNA results for half-sibling?
Reading information from US Soldier Index Card?
Contacting AncestryDNA match?
Looking for birth records in what was Oppeln, Germany?
Finding birth/baptism record for Don ancestor who resided in Arad in Transylvania before World War I?
How could someone get certification as a genetic genealogist?
Gedcom Import Diagnostic Errors
Where is village of Soluszki Sobolony?
Looking for emigration records from Liverpool England in 1921
DNA siblings or cousins
Ancestors came to England on the "Belgian Mail Packet" in 1920/1921 - How to find those records?
How many generations is needed to go back to get an ethnicity estimate without a DNA test?
What does 'in attendance' mean on an England death certificate?
What might letters L.H.M. after name at Chelsea Hospital (London) burial mean?
Is Mariner to Nautical Assessor a likely career change in late 1730s Bermondsey?
Question on 1/2 sibling versus 1st cousin
Reasons for leaving Germany in 1886?
Using née to indicate more than one previous surname for same person?
Dealing with different birthplace and names of parents in England?
Seeking marriage certificate of Russian and Serbian from about 1900s?
Family Tree Maker 2005 files import to 2019 version?
Calculating segment cM from 23andMe matches?
How is it possible that my ancestor left the workhouse so quickly with a baby?
Changes in place names of birth
What does "bur nav" mean in an active Navy directory?
Possibility of tracing my great grandfather's wife's homeland
How can I research relatives in the Italo-Turkish War 1911-1912 online?
Does 1,864 centimorgans indicate half-siblings?
Grandmother on Gallway Castle
Distinguishing grandparent from uncle for 1,768 cM match?
Seeking birth and/or death certificate for Ian Symington Torrance who died in South Africa in 1970?
Annual report of the Town of Plymouth, MA [1925]
Understanding double cousins?
Would wife have any entitlement to estate if not mentioned in husband's will?
Gramps detailed ancestral report with web addresses?
Reading Romanian baptismal record?
Finding war record of Karl Weber who was German WW2 POW based in England?
Searching for Austrian WW2 Prisoner of War who was held in Worcestershire, England?
What is the date of this family portrait from Pennsylvania?
Does 1,957 centimorgans indicate half-siblings?
Reading cause of death?
Identifying military portrait found in Texas?
Using AncestryDNA to work out whether mother or father is parent of half sibling?
Family Networks at Living DNA tells me to Keep Fishing?
Can genetic genealogy identify father of male first cousins with same first name?
War record book of German soldier
Seeking DNA-test for family membership of ancestor 400 years back along paternal lines?
Is there a meaning in a name marked on the rear of a headstone rather than the front?
British Farthing, 1658, Thomas Snook, Stalbridg (Stalbridge, Dorset)
Ancestors missing from ThruLines?
Placing adoptee in family tree when What Are The Odds cannot help?
Finding original name of British army deserter known as John Cusey?
Identifying city of Bacziw in Poland?
Any online access to Suchostaw, Galicia or Sukhostav, Ukraine church records from 1880s?
Deciphering Lunacy Asylum case notes about patients previous history
What would my late son's wife refer to me as after she remarries? Also, my husband who was my late son's step-father?
Deciphering Lunacy Asylum case notes about nurses entry?
Deciphering Lunacy Asylum case notes about administering Paraldehyde
Deciphering Lunacy Asylum case notes about escaping through a window
Deciphering Lunacy Asylum case notes about symptoms of inflammation
Where can I find the records of WW1 deserters?
Which program supports export (PDF/LaTex) to show full tree, not only ancestors/decendants
Deciphering Lunacy Asylum case notes about administering Brandy and Milk
Deciphering Lunacy Asylum case notes about General appearance / Description of Bodily Symptoms
Half sibling question
Deciphering Lunacy Asylum case notes about a suspicious mark / Diarrhoea
Why can't I see 1861 / 1871 census entries on Freecen website when I can see them on Ancestry website?
Deciphering Lunacy Asylum case notes about patient "quotations"
Hiring a Private Investigating Agency
Deciphering Lunacy Asylum case notes about the patients health
Deciphering Lunacy Asylum case notes about Unions and First Names
Deciphering Lunacy Asylum case notes about products administered / surname
Where are the Nov 1908 to May 1909 Islington Workhouse, Highgate Hill Infirmary records online?
Where is this New York City Broadway location from Fall 1958?
Were Scottish middle names sometimes added later? Eg. Campbell
Run away marriage: why did people go to Maryland?
Does match sharing 952 cM indicate grandparent or great uncle?
Adding Marriage Bann to Person in the Time Line
Tracing German WW2 soldier's name with number 7001519
Getting mother’s birth certificate from lwow Rosa 1945?
Deciphering 1910 Russian city name?
Prison offence - trespassing underwood fence
Understanding prison sentence records - England - 1880s
Adoption records in 1871 based on census info
Identical twins DNA numbers (centiMorgans/cMs)
Time difference between banns and marriage
How to organize my genealogy downloads?
Identifying 1910 Russian Town Name "Swel"?
Looking for Franz Msyk Dispatch rider in the Second World War awarded the second and first class Iron cross
Does 1,786 shared cM indicate half-siblings?
