WIFI Antenna Design
Which band for portable, backpacking operation
Advantage of 6 meter repeaters
While backpacking, is it worth mounting the antenna to the backpack frame (above my head)?
Choosing a type of array antenna
Chip with price and functionality to the RDA1846?
I want to wire a cigarette lighter plug to the back of my uhf radio to make it portable can I do this
WFM SDR and Audio resolution
What FCC rule allows Skywarn and other spotters to restrict repeater use?
FSK real world application BER
Quarter Wave Transmission Line transformer
Stub impedance matching
How does power received by a dipole relate to electric field intensity?
DAB/DAB+ and AAC-LD/AAC-ELD
What does radiation power mean?
Is it legal to monitor police and weather channels without a license?
Is it possible to transfer an area-specific call sign from a deceased relative?
Connect two receiving antennas to the same radio
TS-590 Antenna Tuner Protocol
Ideas for a simple VOX circuit for packet?
Why are many FHSS / DSSS transcievers limited to 63 mW?
2 antennas and 2 amplifiers connected to same exciter radio
OK for S/RF light to be illuminated at engine idle?
Morse code for hash (#)
Amateur licenced operation and wifi
Trouble communicating between Baofeng and Midland walkies
How can I send a voice message from my PC to HT radios?
How can I avoid accidentally transmitting with a Baofeng UV-5R?
Low frequency noise on ground line. Why?
Can I receive raw on-air data using Kenwood TS2000?
How to set trasmit freq. on Baofeng UV5R to 0MHz manually
Should I ground my radio to the chassis or battery for a mobile install?
How does wireless communication like wifi connect to different clients?
Receive antenna design for a small apartment
When will my new license appear in the FCC database?
Can I use an RG-8X crimper/stripper on LMR-240?
Tips on how to setup a MOTOTRBO XPR-8300 Repeater for DMR Ham operation?
Receiving BFSK on Kenwood TS2000 transceiver
Theoretical Wifi antenna not working for the expected range
Is it possible to have 2 FM transmitters on the same frequency?
Sub-1Ghz radio compatibility
Calculating effective SSN (sunspot number)?
Wideband impedance matching
Cellular VHF Interference
"Local oscillator generates a frequency twice lower than received signals". Why and how does it work?
Query about double stacked circular polarized yagis
Most effective placement of receive-only long wire antenna?
FFT frequency shift corrupting phase
Antenna size for wideband
Looking for a UHF / VHF transceiver for PC.`
Strange image of concentric circles…magnetic field?
Why can't VHF / UHF be used with ionosphere reflection?
Can there be (long range) propagation of HF from satellites?
Is it legal (in the US) for a server on APRS-IS to relay replies from non-HAMS to a HAM?
Where to pull audio for packet on an alinco DR-600
How to detect a tone on an FM Frequency using an RTL SDR receiver?
Mic ground vs ground
What does the term 3 kHz deviation relate to in the FM world?
Should I ground a 2 array crossed yagi-uda antenna?
Link margin calculations with two antennas and two low noise preamplifiers
Cross Yagi Antenna Design
Apps and or equipment needed to document local interference?
Do stub matching techniques still produce some loss?
Does a rotating source antenna (omi) cause any issue for receiving?
Computer cables in shack — what to do with them?
Properties of Ultraviolet transmissions
How many independent power settings does the Yaesu FT-897/857 have?
What's the general difference between radiation patterns of stationary and adaptive aerials in mobile communication systems?
How can I speed up my QSO rate for Field Day
Losing Low Frequencies in AM transmission
Straight to General license, skipping Technician?
Beginner: Is there another book?
Is there a convention for SSB frequency selection?
Are amateur radio call signs unique among all radio call signs?
How can I operate in the rain safely?
Rain and RF noise
Rhombic Polarization Question, provided radiation maps
VHF antenna / receiver suggestion for a UAV
Can you place reflective material near to an antenna without interfering with the radiation pattern?
Is there an audio feature for Gpredict?
Help with readings on schematic
What are the relative bandwidths of the amateur bands?
How to generate FSK with Matlab and radio
How can I connect a CW keyer to my Mac and transmit CW on VHF?
Will measuring SWR through a feed line mislead me?
What does a SSB signal look like?
Minimal info on a SWL QSL
Is there an optimum transmission line length for maximum power transfer?
Why needs a carrier signal on receiver (SSB)
What would happen if I created this circuit?
Lightning Dissipators
New to Amateur Radio
Inverter noise on my signal
Why did I lose my FM radio signal?
Baofeng UV-5r drivers for win7
Requirements for 9600 baud
Using two radios for a faster data rate
Connecting two SDRs together for one to act as a signal generator
Video transmission between ATV and SSTV
What is the reason/origin of conventional US repeater offsets?
Which Frequency Band(VHF/UHF) is most useful for satellite in MEO?
Echolink for Android not showing repeater node
Decoding weak APRS signals
Why can I barely hear the SO-50 satellite?
Why does AM have sidebands?
Audio tones and patterns used for fox-hunt transmitters?
Mix of Sine waves with different frequencies
Does the ICOM ID-51A's repeater search work with non-D-STAR repeaters?
Dipole versus ungrounded end fed for HF RX
Ideal antenna type for FM 2 meters?
Tuning/trimming a ground plane antenna
Noise & shielding, SDR Dongle
Repeater autopatch ("phone patch"): which countries use this?
Is frequency hopping a viable solution for privacy and security without encryption?
Website for satellite down/uplink frequncies and live footprint?
Dual Band Antenna Matching
Power Density Function
What transfer rates are actually achievable using known digital modes?
Impedances inside transmitter?
2-Pin Kenwood to Sound Card (Beofeng UV-82HP & ASUS Xonar Essence STX)
How to stop interference on shortwave radio when connecting to a computer
Is a modded Yaesu FT-270r acceptable to use on MURS frequencies?
Baofeng low power mod
Are hashes (such as md5) legal in the US
antenna circuit to hear or show radio direction
Can a WLAN device be used with GNU Radio?
Does a low amount of atmospheric noise reliably indicate a lack of propagation?
What's the unlicensed power limit for 5.8 GHz (5 cm) transmissions?
Comparision between BFSK and BPSK
Is the National Calling Frequency actually used?
What are the rules for proper use of the 5.8G (5cm) band?
Can RF work while it's in motion?
Is there good antenna for 160m Band?
Receiving without configuring CTCSS
What restrictions exist for non-HAMs in the 5.8 GHz band?
UK Foundation - initial practical assessment, what to expect?
Marine VHF whip antennae - what are they?
Best way for US ham to join RSGB
maximum distance omnidirectional antenna
Can I leave voice messages via Echolink using my 2-meter handheld?
What do hams mean when they refer to "higher bands"
Baofeng UV5RA Unable to Program anything in 400-480 Bands
Acceptable link margin for voice communication in uhf band
Determining the correct sidelobe envelope
Peak Envelope Power (PEP) = Transmitter Power?
Identifying Local Signal
Which Digital voice mode?
What will be antenna impedance of a dipole antenna when it is kept lambda/2 away from the transmitter
Smallest / Thinnest UHF/VHF Mobile Transceiver under $100
Colorado to Ohio with UV-5R
What is this large, flat microwave coaxial connector?
Transformer secondary coil impedance
Is it possible to determine if I'm adjusting gamma match in correct direction with an SWR meter and if yes, how?
What is Part 97 a part of?
Activities for High School ham radio club
What are some shortwave radio stations I ought to reliably receive in New Hampshire?
How to improve reception with a headphone-cord antenna?
Is preheating required before replacing an old valve?
Why link losses are more as the antenna height decreases in ground to air communication, in v/UHF bands?
Correct number of elements in 4nec2 antenna simulation
If i measure a rf source as 20 dBm in spectrum analyser inline with 20db attenuator, what is the actual power generated by rf sorce
Why bother to have a high power base station when mobile units are generally low-power?
Simulating two antennas (transmitter and receiver) using 4nec2 tool
How do I connect a GPS receiver to a radio for APRS?
Can PIM occur with one carrier?
What is my VE status?
Is this simple description of SSB correct?
UK 2m Morse Simplex
What is the proper way to log participation in a net?
How far the near-field reactive region extends from the transmitting antenna?
Fox Hunting w/o yagi to find a lost High altitude balloon payload
Minimum thickness of whip antenna
How to produce a NEC antenna file (and what software to use it with)?
What exactly does an unun do to the impedance of a transmission line?
How do I simulate a receiving antenna in EZNEC simulation tool?
There is no reverse flow of energy in a mismatched transmission line, is this correct?
Antenna for small balcony
Ham Variable Lab Power Supply
Renewing, how do I transmit legally with the new certification process (USA)?
QSSTV/Hamlib and RTL-SDR/HackRF One
quadrature demodulator on a chip
Transmitter won't transmit with antenna installed
Drones for lifting verticals?
Is it possible to calculate the Q factor for an antenna type, given a frequency?
Bandwidth, Q-factor, Radiation Eff calculations
BPSK raw data aquisition with HDSDR and FLDIGI
What is the minimum signal strength I need to receive?
Can HDSDR perform the work of Direwolf?
Why there is no AFSK in FLDIGI
HackRF One — Expected 'hackrf_transfer -t' file format and its creation?
Why do I only hear broadcasts from 150 kHz to 29.999 MHz?
EMT radio communications
Warbler vs SoundModem
Can cellular radio be used for communication with a balloon?
DRM/Easypal/Digital SSTV programatic generation resources?
2 Meter horizontal or vertical dipole polarization?
Horizontal dipole radiation gaps
Antenna proximity limit to increasing signal strength via additional receiving antennas?
Software TNC's for Linux? (targeted to BPSK1200)
model rocket locater
Low cost satellite (cubesat) tracking station
Track cubesat with webSDR, is is feasible?
Directional antenna for FUNcube reception
Ettus USRP1 (or B100) instead of Funcube Dongle
Replace directional antenna by fixed antenna
FUNcube Dongle antenna specs
Are these walkie talkies legal in Japan?
Weather Imaging with NOAA satellites - legal?
Toroidal inductor and transformer basics
Find optimal position to place antenna
Do a toroid's specs matter much in an antenna matching transformer?
Understanding coax radiation and "current on the shield"
Receiving through a linear amplifier
What chewed my coax
What kind of wire is best to use for connecting a FM radio to the antenna?
Would a covering like aluminised kapton effect antenna radiation pattern?
Australian Police Radio Frequency
Can I always see the other module?
What is the difference between channel & frequency & band in RF?
Low power long distance wireless data communication
What happens to the "Yo-Yo Tenna" when you coil up its ends for use on higher frequencies?
How is a 1:1 current balun different from a choke?
Frequencies as 5 digits and 6 or 7 digits
Testing my HB-1B QRP CW Transceiver on 40m
Transmit data without line of sight - Legal, fast, cheap and error corrected
What type of digital mode is this?
What kind of modulation is this?
Is it possible to have 2 x 3:2 MIMO with 2 antennas?
Running ladder line through window from inside shack to outside dipole antenna - what to watch out for?
How do I know if my dummy load is working?
Baofeng not finding CTCSS tone
Using inner conductor of a coax feedline as an antenna
2 meter dipole of work vehicle
What is the required signal-to-noise ratio for a AX5042 transceiver?
Receiving BFSK with 9.6 khz deviation on TS-2000 / ICOM(IC-910H) in FM mode
Reception for FM stations is offset, but AM stations aren't
What's this "crossover" toroid winding called and what is its purpose?
I need help identifying what I believe is a military radio
Motorola GTX 800 for ham band
Licensing options in India
How can I reduce power consumption and thermal dissipation in power amp?
Radio wont RX or TX on repeaters. Fine in simplex
VHF / UHF - Terrestrial Circular Polarized Antenna
In Vehicle Mounting recommendations
In SSB how do receivers calculate the frequency offset without a carrier?
Why is 900MHz restricted in some areas in the US?
What is the minimum length antenna I can use with my vehicle setup?
What are the dos and don'ts when it comes to retractable antennae for HTs?
CW paddle interface wiring problem
What is the socket for on this Baofeng BL-5L battery?
Where can I find the definition of the Q Codes as they should be used in amateur radio (CW)?
Baofeng UV82-HX charger problem
Is there a satellite tracking software with S-band downlink
Antenna length in relation to lambda length
Is it possible to set the frequency on my Kenwood TM-D710G via Serial Port?
Looking for a CW Tutor app
Antenna for 6M, or Antenna system?
ISS SSTV transmission times
CC1125 reference design matching network using Smith chart
Should a MacBook emit fluctuating EMF when WIFI and Bluetooth are turned off?
List of capturable data services (diy)
Can I send samples from the device made by myself to GNU radio?
OCF Antenna Feed Line
Does a station that's only going to receive require grounding
Necessary spacing for 1 kW Gamma Match on 144 MHz
SSB Generation. 4th method?
Shortwave Antenna Listening with Portable Receiver Like TECSUN PL-660?
Which matters most in a fan dipole: Overall linear length or actual wire length?
What is the origin, history behind "Ben's Best Bent Wire"?
Why does a counterpoise need to be grounded
Is it suitable to use DSSS in a narrow-band channel for a power-starved system
Relay cross reference for 1925-3-2
Incoming angle of radio signal reflected off of ionosphere
Connecting Wouxun KG-699E to computer sound card audio input/output
Square wave vs. sine wave timing reference
How do I find expiration date of my misplaced US ham license?
Airband VHF antenna challenge
Kenwood TS-440SAT Button Bounce or error code?
Kenwood TS-440SAT & TS-930SAT Refurbishing
Kenwood TS-440SAT Change VFO Resolution?
Phased Array Pattern
Comms between Raspberry Pis over CW on 40m
How will I improve my portable radio reception
How do I construct the driven element of a yagi?
Frequency Agile Duplexer
Adding a panadapter via SDR
SDR for Spectroscope
What is the proper spacing away from a rare RTTY station?
Military Amateur Radio Service (MARS)
Any SDR radios that receive FM BCB
AFSK and GMSK in ICOM IC910 H
Amateur Radio shack/antenna considerations during house construction
Is there a lower limit to the usable frequency for PCB 'stripline' feedline?
What is the power increase required to double the range of RADAR?
Confusion about SDR
GFSK Demodulationsoftware
Does the Baofeng UV-5R accept both male and female SMA connectors?
SDR GnuRadio gr-dsd decode D-STAR voice
What are the wire lengths of the RadioWavz OCF 40m dipole?
Antenna gain vs. radiation efficiency in 4nec2
Scanner radio for 433MHz locator beacon
What is Digital Mode on newer HF Transceivers
How link between gnuradio and baudline?
What is an adequate antenna for a JRC NRD-545?
For a given transmitter mains wattage, is its TPO wattage affected by the transmission frequency?
Measuring Connector Impedance
4NEC2 - Antenna outside Pattern
Can every antenna be used both for transmit and receive?
Recommended 9:1 unun core type(s)
Are there many analog (AM) shortwave broadcast stations left?
What is propagation like when there are no sunspots?
What is the highest US amateur license I can get in one sitting?
Technical Questions on the FCC Technician Exam?
What is "Meter" referencing in "60-Meter Band"?
Baofeng radio allowed in Australia?
Why a thousand miles long antenna is not needed to receive LW and MW?
Are there any commonly used digital modes that work with an FM transceiver?
What are the legal requirements for an amateur radio satellite?
SkyStar S2 has a mac address, for what?
Better antenna for 433 MHz
Reproduce ambient EM fields inside a Faraday cage?
Is my ground plane good?
Plastic predator bird props --- Are they effective? How to mount them?
How to read ID-51A GPS logger data
On Anderson Powerpoles, does the red on go on the left or right?
Amateur Radio for a Nomad
What does the APRS 'to'/destination address mean?
Is Using PMR446 On A Baofeng GT3-MK3 HAM Radio Legal (If on low power)?
Testing Radios Back-to-Back without Going Over-the-Air
2.4GHz wifi parabolic antenna frequency response
Identify Icom portable radio
Experiences on a 70 cm band shared with radiolocation service
Squelch never seems to "open the gate" on Wouxun KG-UV9D
Remote wake up of Icom IC-706Mk2g
Picostation Not Accepting AREDN Firmware
Baofeng uv-5r,uv-82. i need disable or block side key moni(monitor) for don´t listen private cts dts
How can I know whether a radio is FCC approved?
Conductive boom vs non conductive boom: what's the difference on a Yagi?
How to reverse engineer a proprietary FSK protocol
Bridging LAN over ~1-2km distance
Would a 2.4ghz yagi antenna work for Ham Radio?
How to bypass LNA for TX in UHF Antenna?
Receive directionality of a sub-optimal Yagi
Use ham to broadcast GPS RTK correction data
I have 60 feet of coax but only need 20 feet; can I loop up the excess?
AN762 Amplifier Transistors
Basic Signal Detector using MOSFETs
Decode digital signal (On-Off Keying) with SDR
RF6886 high power amplifier maximum reverse power
Do I need I license to have these walkie talkies in Japan
How do I separate dovetailed PowerPole housings?
RF fading channel model?
Is it possible to generate rf by directly programming a pc parallel port?
Inquiry regarding thermal resistor noise
Contact Logging Software and Geospatial Mapping
Are there virtual tools or resources for learning amateur radio on one's own?
How to determine the length of a symbol in a wave?
RSSI on both ends of UHF Point to Point network do not match
Pseudorange in VHF band navigation and precision phase tracking
Convert maidenhead grid square to lat/long in Excel?
Can I build a mini passive repeater to improve my WIFI reception at home?
What parameters are currently possible in a directional antenna less than 5mm long?
Homodyne vs heterodyne
How can I find out if a particular LED light bulb model is known to cause RFI before buying?
Transmit on multiple frequencies with USRP using GRC
Balun and impedance matching suggestions for dipole antenna
Would retrofitting an external antenna to a smartphone be feasible?
Why are some 1:1 current baluns twice as complicated as others?
Can one send data over Short-wave frequencies?
Scanner radio purchase advice for someone that's nosy but not technological?
How to measure a balun for effectiveness?
Impact of keying-up in yagi beam 1.5m (or 5ft) away on 2m FM?
Improving VHF airband reception
Why does "high SWR" damage transmitters, instead of "impedance mismatch"?
Yaesu FT-950 with G5RV lite antenna auto tune problem on 21Mhz
SSB Modulation and Differential Signaling
Is there a name for the demodulation technique described here using the parallax propeller?
tuning trouble - 1/4 wave 8 elevated ground radials 10 meter
Rudementary Impedance measurements for VLF antenna system
How to calculate if low-pass filtering is sufficient?
Recommended way to analyze spectrum output of a high-power amplifier?
Remote base identification
What is 1700 in SoundModem by UZ7HO?
Frequency divider in premix oscillator (PMO)
What would be the easiest and most cost effective ground system for a startup UHF/VHF station
Switching 450 Ω window line
3 way coax split / impedance match
How can a quarter-wave transmission line transformer be implemented with lumped elements?
How to feed an array of dipoles for an end-fire pattern
What dimensions to choose when winding your own inductor
Help understanding path taken by APRS packet
Using cable coax rg 11
GMRS/FRS data communication
Practical Resources for the Amateur Radio Student?
Diamond X200A Lightning Protection
33cm 5W(effective output power) tx amplifier for ATV (HamTV)
Can VHF/UHF antennas have different orientation
How should this SWR meter's directional coupler work?
How are symbols encoded in RTTY?
Faraday cage in Microwave oven
Why do Hams refer to bands by wavelength and not frequency?
How to fix stickey VFO knobs on medium to old radios
Transposing gqrx setup to rtl_fm?
What is a "calling frequency"?
Transmission speed of modern digi-modes
SDR dongle and HamitUp for QRP Digi-modes
How to calculate Return loss of cascaded system?
TXing on another frequency to provide aid in anothers' emergency
Connecting radio in parallel with inverter in mobile set up
How to estimate or measure the max voltage of an air variable capacitor
How Are US Call Sign Location ID's Assigned?
How much voltage is on a typical high power (1000mw) 2.4Ghz WiFi antenna?
What is the attraction of vertical antennas for HF?
What causes the audio distortion when working aurora?
How can we determine what repeaters to use?
Why are FM radio waves less susceptible to interference than AM?
How to identify type of modulation based on constellation diagram?
Measuring energy density of 2.4 GHz and 5.0 GHz signals
Acquiring specs on anntenas so as to mathematically model level curves in their transmission feilds
Does mounting a ground plane antenna upside down change the takeoff angle?
RG-174 to pull signal from 1st IF?
Type of coax used inside of a transceiver?
How to safely listen to my transmitted signal with a second receiver
What's the difference between the normal and S-meter squelch in IC-2730?
WSPR RX dial frequency
How to test Line-of-Sight radio at 5GHz at range 25Km or less?
SDR CB Transmission
What type 2 m /70 cm antenna to use when I want to receive a number of spacially separated beams?
BFSK with huge spacing, why?
Measured forward power less than "usual"
Does antenna array structure effect overall radiation resistance?
ADS-B for Trains?
Kenwood D710G TNC Won't Monitor ID Packets?
Where year 2016 falls in the sun spot cycle for HF propagation?
CW "training" recordings
On which of these frequencies can I transmit without a license?
2,4GHz Spectrum Analyzer with wireless card
Call dialer sound on start/end of transmission?
Feed line direction for Quad antenna
Are the voltage ratings on Vacuum Variable Capacitors RMS or Peak
How To Join Packet Radio BBS
Match 420 Ω to 50 Ω
Is it all right to call CQ to a foreign country in their own language?
What do we mean by "RF in the shack"?
how does slotted coax Balun eliminate common current?
In amateur radio conversation, what does "hihi" mean?
Combining yagi and J pole for airband
Strange Noise Floor observed in UHF Band
How to calculate effective isotropic radiated power apply to lossy antennas
If EM waves require no medium, why can't I get service at all times?
Is there a preferred order for learning Morse code using the Koch method?
Yaesu G-5400B rotator controller problem
Why isn't twisted pair used for feedlines?
Issue with Icom R-71A
UHF Into VHF Power Amplifier
Max legal power with nearly zero BW
Can two directional antennas be connected without an amplifier to improve reception?
How can one convert from Grid Square to Lat/Long?
What's the difference between "maximum usable" and "critical" frequencies?
FCC tracking of unlicensed FRS/GMRS transmissions
Where to buy 2 meter ham radio
Why aren't there baluns that do BOTH balanced/unbalanced transformation and common mode current attenuation?
gr-osomosdr Could NOT find Boost (C++ libraries)
Which is better in my situation: Balanced dipole, or as much wire as possible in the air?
Calculating bandwidth of antenna?
Software defined radio demodulation
Building an IQ mixer using an in-phase LO splitter
What might this "spreading" interference be?
Should I learn morse at "both" speeds?
Measuring a device's 2.4 GHz RF signal in an open field/indoors
Decimation to listen to FM radio with gnu radio
Looking for a morse code decoder that simulates keyboard input
Is it normal for mini shortwave radios to not have any reception in a major city?
Directional antenna overlapping main lobes
Mobile Installation in 2016 Chevy Cruze
How to choose the right sampling rate and bandwidth for RTL-SDR dongle?
Can I use old TV FM card as SDR?
receiving AM radio station on UHF frequency
RCA victor 35x tube radio loop antenna replica?
feasibility of wireless passive crystal earphones
Mobile Phone offline maindenhead or mgrs web app
Using RF6886 Power Amplifier for VHF design
Is packet radio possible on Baofeng UV-5R and similar HTs?
Which mode describes this modulation scheme
Tuning a SAW filter?
Will adding a balun to a full-wave dipole help?
What is Hinternet, in simple terms?
SDR hardware architecture schematic
Bonding of Coax shield to RF ground conductor for long ground runs?
Adapting an antenna tuner for use with a panel meter instead of an LED
why do some radios have two fuses in the power leads
Will two ends of dipole antenna pointing to the same direction cancel out the signal
FM transmitter sending to multiple frequencies
MURS - Set to broadcast and receive on a specific CTCSS code
Best way to make a selfmade Long-Range WiFi Link
Morse code help
Geting my Tech Licence again
is fm transmitters legal in japan
Antenna for a cramped attic
Can you jam jam?
Good FM receiver single-chip IC for simple VHF receiver?
Oscillators inside SDR hardware
Is using a generic DC 3V adapter dangerous to a radio?
No stations on MW band at daytime
Loop Vs Whip for MW DX
What issues can I expect when using Bluetooth for packet radio?
Able to consistently pass the US B license test; what more is needed for a Danish amateur radio license?
How to do APRS in real wilderness?
How to calculate/estimate the effect of having conductive material nearby an antenna
Highest Q loading Coils
what is choking reactance in TLT?
Distance between antenna and radio
Relay specifications for linked dipole
How to determine a serial number in cq contest?
Why do we use decibels in radio?
How big is a decibel?
Programming VHF To CB
Broken IF Transformer (tiny and 455 KHz)
DMR / DSTAR / P25 Software Encode / Decode
short bit at beginning of tranmission
Mounting my antenna
How to substitute a U229 connector?
HACKRF_ERROR_NOT_FOUND
DIY 433MHz antennas from copper wire
What happens if a station did not submit a contest log?
HackRF Hardware
MW AM reception improvements?
Why does an "electrically small" antenna have narrow bandwidth?
What is the best way to get propagation VHF map for FM repeater?
How does inductive coupling between transmitter amplifier stages reduce harmonics
Why is this signal recognized as PACTOR II but not decoded?
Is it possible to program the Vertex VX-2200 using the back DB 15-pin connector?
What protocol does the Vertex VX-2200/2100 use for programming?
How can I counter DC-DC inverter noise / ground noise in an electric-vehicle mobile setup?
Air gapped digital communications mode on VHF?
Steel Directors with Copper DE
Using a loop antenna on a harmonic of the intended antenna frequency
Single or Dual Paddle Key?
cubesat turnstile antenna material selection
Open Source Library for Digital Mode
Is it safe to live close to cellular antenna?
Regulated Power Supply vs Class 2 AC/DC Adapters
Confusion about radio-computer interfaces: TNC, CAT, TRRS, Wolphi Link, ...?
Preamble of a garage door opener
How to connect a motorola RVA50UL with MR350?
How does the antenna noise temperature vary with antenna elevation?
SDR with the Raspberry Pi
what are the alternatives to LM387 and SA602AN?
Wider wire = picks up more energy, yah?
Capturing the key fob signal with SDR
How does rpitx generate arbitrary SSB data with a clock peripheral?
VTS messages vs AIS
Portable radio antenna measurement
Can one modify footprints in Gpredict?
Signal generator giving DC output?
Magnetic antenna for the UV8000E
Using 'amodem' to transfer digitally using a UV5R
Motorola Maxtrac Programming with windows 7 and DOSBox
In the context of the mixer in my radio, what does balanced and unbalanced mean?
4NEC2 - Radiat-eff. vs. Radiat-power
How to make a "you're getting warm/cold"/"fox hunting" game based on RF signals
Influence of bending and asymetric ground wire on monopole antenna
What kind of antenna is that one?
Measurement/calibration error after OSL calibration on VNA
Receiving commercial / public-safety on a general-coverage HAM transceiver
Building a headset for a Yaesu FT-270r
How many frequency channels are there in a frequency band?
Generally, what happens when you power a GPS antenna or other RF amplifier with a low voltage?
Polarisation loss Dipole antennas
Single Side Band AM vs FM
Hentenna beam...is it possible?
Software to decode selective calling tones
Why are Wullenweber CDAAs obsolete?
What factors determine acceptable turning radius of RF cable operating into few GHz?
How to operate on HF if an AM transmitter is only 540 feet away?
Do reflector and director widths (wire size) affect Quagi bandwidth?
Utility pit MW/LW omnidirectional antenna
What is shape factor of a resonant circuit?
Gnu Radio with Funcube Dongle SDR
Can my neighbor's ham radio antenna be interfering with my internet signal or is my internet provider just throwing blame elsewhere?
Does antenna frequency matter when trying to pick up radio waves?
Balun identification from picture
Dipole Center Spacing
Interpretation of NASA design
Using coax for DC, good idea?
different digital modulations interference. Does it happen?
Antenna Impedance calculation for low frequency
How do I get a license without being near a club?
OFDM spectrum, HACKRF, and GNUradio companion
Build a HamRadio Friendly UMTS Module
Will an Internal Antenna Tuner work with an external HF amplifier?
What does the FCC do with confiscated equipment?
How do repeaters work? (The technical side)
Pre-transmission burst sent by fldigi
How would you get an "I'm alive" message to family in another state using amateur radio?
What would be the typical received power of an "S9" signal?
Why does path loss decrease as frequency decreases?
Expected practices for one ham operating under another's privileges?
What dictates ladder line max frequency?
How to compute/simulate signal propagation latency?
Autoranging problem for AX5043 transceiver (437.025MHz)
Signal Source Block of GNU Radio
Identify these components
What "test transmissions" are allowed above 51MHz?
What is emissions designator "E" when used as a type of modulation?
How can I scan for interference
Yaesu FT60 to Android Phone Cable
Does a balun need to be made with coax?
Radio Modem suggestion
Extracting received power info from teletype like audio
How to explain a frequency pic at 1.5 kHz?
Can a Baofeng UV5R receive airport radio transmissions?
Detecting the listeners
Tytera MD-380 software (DMR radio software) not working on Windows 10
Looking for documentation on Kenwood NX-700 AFO and DEO Signals
Could a weather balloon make a good antenna?
Does the wire/conductor size of all the elements affect antenna bandwidth?
Why do some straight keys have a slider that shorts the contacts continuously?
Tuning an antenna with cold weather
Lat/Long to Maidenhead Locator in PHP
Why don't baluns require precise conductor spacing as in twin-lead?
RTL-SDR with SpyVerter - setup
DRM standard receiving on shortwave
What are the FCC's bandwidth restrictions for the various amateur bands?
What are the standard bandwidths used on the various amateur bands?
Why does the FCC put restrictions on symbol rates?
How do I receive ATV with GNU Radio?
How does the length of a metal sleeve around a (shieled) coax cable affect antenna performance?
How to calculate single-stub match (general case)?
Personal communication device during blackout
What effect does a balun have on s-parameter, beam patterns?
Yaesu FT-857D VFO scan won't stop
Separated audio and ptt
How the Coaxial Collinear Antenna Works?
Where exactly is the Morse code character ";" defined?
transmitted FSK, sniffed something PSK-looking
What is the impedance of an end-fed half-wave antenna?
overly large bandwith for a FSK signal?
Signal booster with transistor
Should I have a license for APRS on my company car fleet
Is a ground plane necessary for transmitting and receiving with a vertical (monopole) antenna?
Can I use APRS over TCPIP without ham license?
Intermittent receive on FT-990
It is allowed to have more APRS trackers with one callsign in Europe Union
Can I use my call sign in APRS tracker abroad?
Licensing a group of BaoFeng BF-888s in the UK
RF scanner w/ graphic output
Using Baofeng BF888s with Midland GXT1000
Can 433 MHz amateur bands be used for ISM purposes?
Dipole Antenna Current Distribution at any Time Instant
Mathematica notebook for NEC2 (NEC, Numerical Electromagnics Code)
Reregistering for dstar
Would I be able to legally operate this FM transmitter without a license in Canada?
How large should the call of the remote station be on the QSL card?
Serial matching stub combined with RF choke
crt TV emissions
Using an RTL-SDR as a spectrum analyzer
What rules govern robotic teleoperations, when the remote device also transmits back telemetric information?
How far does a watt equal in range in the FM band?
WIFI PACKETS AMPLITUDE AND DISTORTION
Laptop screen goes blank when transmitting from handheld within a few feet - sometimes
Moon->Earth 433MHz link achievable digital bandwidth
Linux based SDR spectrum capture via CLI
Using two antennas with IC751A — one for transmitting and another for reception
Realistic UHF noise floor when receiving signal from moon - 433 / 2400MHz
Ramsey's DDF1 with a SMA connector
Rules of thumb for large ("somewhat" full wavelength) loop antennas?
Balun and tuner configuration for multiband dipole
How do transmission lines affect the impedance of some arbitrary load?
SDR demodulation of SSB
SSB offset determination?
Radio manufactured in United States
What is a panadapter?
What is the directivity of thin dipole antenna of length 1.25λ?
Can we transfer digital files on radio spectrum?
Which countries require you to change your call sign if you change your residence?
ISS APRS Digipeater with Kam XL and ICOM IC-910H
How does Wi-Fi antenna work?
Antenna Ground System
Maximum Thickness for NMO Mounting Surface?
Are some ferrites porous enough they should be protected outside?
What are the best APRS SmartBeaconing™ settings for different modes of transit?
How do I go about identifying an unknown digital signal?
Very odd and wide 30m signal. What is it?
Unexpected Resonance - Dual-Band Dipole
Where are the baluns for VHF and higher? How can one be made?
(HF) How to maximize probability of successful transmit given constrained packet duration?
FM squelch SDR algorithm?
What function do high-pass filters in a direct conversion receiver perform?
Transmission Line Model of Co-ax Lines
Is there somewhere I can get a database of satellite catalog IDs and their friendly names?
How does a transceiver work?
Diplexer termination?
Using the VHF port for 6m on an Icom IC-706mkIIg transceiver
What is the difference between "Cross Polarized" vs "Circularly Polarized" Antennas?
How to assemble an antenna (impedance matching methods)
How does VHF/UHF propagate beyond the expected (radio) horizon?
Is it legal to broadcast an FM radio signal with a Raspberry Pi Zero?
Term For Receive Antenna Using Lorentz Force?
Can I use a Hawaiian call sign on the mainland?
Super-low-tech VHF low-pass filter construction?
DAB antenna in roof space
Old Yaesu FT-470 HT audio feedback with external speaker mic
High SWR on a Jeep with Spare Tire Mount
How slow is slow telegraphy?
Private Channel?
How do you construct a 1:1 balun?
Where can I download NESDR Smart (NooElec) drivers for Mac OS Sierra?
Using an HF antenna for VHF scanning
Dual-band rubber duck gain on 2m vs. 70cm
Are directional couplers ever used in duplex repeater systems?
Cannot establish AX.25 connection to RMS gateway
Blocking a specfic DMR ID
What kind of losses do you get from an LC network matching the antenna's impedance?
What is the actual loss in a feed line with high SWR?
How does DAB radio garbled noise come about?
My Baofeng radio won't recieve but transmit does not work when I hold the MONI button
How to determine the PPM value of a NESDR SMArt?
Where can I find a listening guide for different frequencies and their usages to listen to on SDR?
Why is coax loss logarithmic?
How to best connect an FM transmitting GPIO pin to an antenna?
How to safely connect a digital output to a receiver's antenna input?
How to find or derive the maximum safe input power to a receiver?
What is the purpose of limiting radio output power?
Baofeng BF-888s radios don't talk to Baofeng BF-888s+ radios
What kind of antenna is this?
How to make a PTT button for Baofeng UV-5R
Purpose of "Low 1" and "Low 2" on Icom F50?
What are the requirements of the address given for a US licence?
Are US licensee allowed to operate under CEPT agreement if they permanently reside in Europe?
dual band j-pole creates connectivity problems when connected all the way
Cause of harmonic spurs?
What is this Morse code-like station?
Grounding a dipole
How to use Log4OM with multiple users?
How do you keep your vehicle clean with a mobile antenna?
Good Hidden Antenna For 2m
FET for low voltage class E amplifier
How does FM encode BOTH amplitude and frequencies of full audio signal spectrum?
baofeng UV-5RA has issues with j-pole
Are chokes necessary for VHF and higher frequencies?
How to learn about the physics behind propagation?
What exactly is impedance?
Field Strength calculations with known antennas
What do you connect antenna Radials to?
Amplified antenna & typical boombox radio
What ways are there to extend an antenna?
V/U Packet Rate Limits
Building a crystal radio with my brother. How does this circuit work?
Packet Radio at 100 miles
Troposcatter: really all that bad?
pull-up inductors for a differential PCB trace antenna
How is the PRC-152 able to achieve such a wide frequency range?
Can a Baofeng UV-5R Display Both Name and Frequency Simultaneously?
guard planes in differential antenna PCB designs
Information on GSM
Yaesu VX-8DE bricked after cloning. Any methods to revive it?
Is there any downside to getting a vanity callsign?
RF connector between mobile phone and transmitter = complete shielding?
What are the 3 or 5 peaks in an FM broadcast during silence?
What is output power exactly?
Reciprocity for loopstick antennas?
What is the purpose of having multiple bays for a bowtie antenna?
Optimal antenna orientation for High altitude balloon?
What is the output impedance of a typical solid state ham transmitter?
Direction Finder using directional antenna, digital signals amid clutter
Why Coaxial Collinear Antenna Gives Strange Graph of Frequency Sweep vs SWR?
Transition Point Between Fan and Cage Dipoles
I have a new Kenwood TH-F6A, Mac computer and am new to our hobby. How do I program it?
Filtering VHF FM on my DTV signal
Linear-Loaded Cage Dipole?
What is the point of high gain antenna with respect to the maximum EIRP
Are wireless transceivers affected by strong magnetic fields?
Antenna connector name
Antenna experimentation
What material is best to design a dipole antenna working at VHF frequency?
Why is repeater post-xmit "burst" stronger than repeated signal?
UV-5R 4W BFB297 vs UV-5R 8W BFP3-23 (difference 4W vs 8W)
Is it possible to measure antenna trap with MFJ225 without help of PC?
Pirate Radio vs Ham Radio
Power supply for small radio board
legal - Do FCC regulations only apply in U.S.A?
How to generate FM narrowband using varactors
I upgraded from Tech to General and renewed at same time but my license still says Tech
Yaesu FT-60 Battery Life
Shortwave / CB / HAM?
Is there a risk of interference between a 403 MHz and a 433 MHz Radio?
Yaesu FTM-3200dr Antenna
Suggestions for HF antenna for occasional use on my sailboat
What frequency to set trap on?
Does a receiving antenna need radials?
Is cheap Chinese coax wire ok to use as an antenna?
When and why does the size of a ground plane or radials matter?
Can't get two same BaoFeng radios to work with each other
TX output power increase when fed through filter
Stealth HF station setup advice
Use amateur radio frequencies for commercial purpose
Relation between beamwidth and operating frequency
Can 2 uhf beam yagi antennas be used on a transmitter to get a diversity effect?
How to distinguish SDR 820T and 820T2 dongles on Linux?
Emergency/battery power rules for Field Day: do they include computer equipment?
SDRPlay RSP1 and broadcast band (AM) interference
How to diagnose DRAKE TR7 power problem
Filtering for PSK31 demodulation
How to make a software defined radio using USRP and GRC
How to make GRC flowgraph run and stop automatically during some period
How to change center frequency automatically in GRC?
Does geology affect radio signals?
What is pinout for headphone FM radio antenna?
APRS digi path for ISS digipeater?
calculating power from directional coupler
Any ideas as to what I might be picking up on SDR?
How to find repeaters in Pakistan?
Yaesu FT-65R quick function keys: changing values
AX.25 on macOS (aside from APRS)
Is it possible to power your ham radio station by solar power? If so, how?
Are there famous radio frequencies?
How do I set up my radio for an antenna tuner?
How to program Kenwood TM-742A 6-meter repeater offsets for 500kHz
doppler LEO satellite
What does it mean to have "RF in your signal"?
Is there an advantage with having a DC bias for a FM radio transmission?
Can I test a base station CB radio with a magnetic mobile antenna?
How to renew an expired US license as an expat?
How to probe a dipole antenna?
LoRa Radio RFM96/98 SX1276/8 configuration settings for Longest Range
Is it safe to monitor a channel while charging my handheld?
Is it legal to use BAOFENG BF-888S 16-CH 400~470MHz 5W Walkie Talkie in India?
Identify this “large TNC” coax connector
How much does the quality of coax cable matter?
How do I apply for a vanity callsign online?
Is using a DDS chip directly a viable way to transmit 2FSK and PSK on HF?
Satelite dish modified for Wi-Fi (Signal Elevation Question)
Corrugated Metallic Roof used as a ground-plane for short loaded vertical?
Will very close proximity to electrical wires affect radio signals?
Tuning a wire antenna by folding
What's this maybe-morse-code "CQ CQ GE EDEN" and "DD" in Le Eden de la Grisaia?
Wide bandwidth HF power combiner schematic and formula
Signal on various frequencies, about 2.5k bandwidth, sounds like a broken motor turning: What is it?
What kind of 2 meter antenna is this?
Colocated three orthogonal wire loops for lightning detection network
Random Phantom Sound On Computer - Could it be from ham radio?
Connect RC car to Phone
Easy way for an uncertified hiker to broadcast a distress signal
75Ω Wire FM antenna
Two Antenna Tuners in Series
FM carrier wave frequency determination
Tiger Tail + capacitive coupling... what's the interaction?
Cell Phone Filter / Interference?
CB Ground Plane on fiberglass RV
SWR, overall, is too high
Receiving medium - low frequency CPU signal
Could UHF Earth-Satellite-Earth bouncing of signals off of this large metallized foil satellite be feasible?
How to make a BaoFeng start/end transmission with sound
How long are the PSK31 preamble and postamble?
Can I install a Diamond X30A Antenna on a Balcony with a Metal Rail?
GNU Radio BPSK reception from ICOM SSB audio
License upgrade doesn't extend term of license?
How do I specify that wires are connected in 4NEC2?
Is the error rate for QPSK31 in a white noise channel worse than BPSK31?
Detecting signals using statistics
MIC microphone ground vs common (PTT, chassis etc) ground
Automatic transmitter-receiver
What kind of antenna design is this?
What is the easiest way to print data on qsl cards?
Serialising a data signal with a Raspberry Pi
What is the cause of this unusually long period of terrible HF band conditions?
communicate two different gnu radio files
Why is GNU Radio dropping packets when I introduce a Frequency Xlating FIR filter?
Broadband antenna for SDR radio
HF antenna design for high-altitude balloon
Difference between Phase Velocity and Velocity of propagation in a transmission line
Antenna tuner design
Choosing a wideband antenna design
USRP: Are RX and TX on the same or different channel for single daughterboard?
What kind of antenna connector is this?
Will rewiring this antenna change the characteristics?
Are packet BBS discussions archived anywhere?
Ferrite rod permeability determination
Can anyone please suggest a substitute for the BFY51 transistor?
Will removing the metal coating smartphone shell (made of plastic) improve reception/signal strength?
G5RV Jr and Ladder Line feed Lying Flat on the Roof?f
Iskra sst 2030 radio speaker plug
Can the tip of an antenna burn insulation/drywall?
Modulation details of Digital Mobile Radio (DMR)
Loop Antenna - configuration?
How do I connect an antenna with coax output to my stereo?
Help with small dish antenna on 2m/440
What happens if an HF dipole is made longer?
Grounding Help - Where To Route My Wires
Choose the right dongle for NOAA images visualization with GnuRadio
Is ladder line necessary when using a non-resonant dipole through a tuner?
Can I use two voltage baluns to make a common mode choke?
Are used PolyPhaser IS-50 RF surge protectors likely to work?
What is an antenna tuner? Why bother with resonant antennas in the first place?
I am installing a ham radio and want to properly ground it
interdigital (finger) capacitor bank for fine tuning of differential loop antenna
How to weatherize a Polyphaser surge protector?
Will coaxial cable degrade over time?
Use a TV coax and balun for a poor-man's OCFD?
Lightning protection by disconnect
How often are we required to send our callsign?
440 MHz repeater, how would I set one up?
Is FM modulation still more resistant to noise when given the same bandwidth as an AM signal?
What are the technical reasons that there are no frequency modulated transmissions on the long- and medium wave?
Suggestions for above-roof mounting Windom
Effect of paint / uv coating on velocity factor of PVC
Should I upgrade to Extra Class
P25 Digital vs. Analog
How much leeway does an antenna tuner give me?
How to use a Linux computer as a paddle key code practice oscillator
Type and name of this smartphone cellular antenna
Optimising a small magnetic loop with 1:1 SWR but little radiation
Why are germanium diodes specified in amateur radio designs?
Kenwood TH-D72 Freeze on Splash Screen
Power handling of a simple VHF ground plane
Linux RTL-SDR waterfall via the command line
Multiple CDMA transmitters with same frequency and code
How to tune a hamwhip-type mobile HF antenna?
2m loop with sense antenna for DF
HF Noise Level S5 to S9+18
Pre-emphasis measurement
Substitute for Dacron rope in antennas
Difference between Iambic keyer modes?
How does this circuit work? Why is the antenna connected to the output of the amplification stage?
My Baofeng UV-5RV2+ will receive a signal with rubber duck antenna but not with a new Nagoya
Resort FM radio station
2m Biquad - Why not?
Recommendation for noob
How to transmit images and video through a hurricane?
Section 15.23 "Home-built devices" No license required... to build? Just to Transmit. But.....?
Determining if what's on a frequency is signal, or noise
Determing short or open location in antenna system
Is there a Yaesu BCD code for the 60m band?
Yaesu FT-8800 + TinyTrak4
RX antenna and RTL SDR with upconverter ..How to hear something?
What size is the Kenwood TM-D710 panel mounting bracket?
Baofeng GT-3WP Cross Band Operation?
Two devices + one antenna
SMA connector sizes
FSK Rx sensitivity with different deviations
Good Coating for a Radome
What are FCC/Industry Canada certification requirements for amateur radio related products?
What is the process of sending an NTS message in to a disaster area?
How to measure signal power in GNU Radio.(I wondered how much dBm is specific.)
Can I use a CB antenna with a ham radio?
Does the Kenwood TH-D74 support Access Point and Terminal mode for D-Star?
How do you indicate how to contact you for an HXE message?
What is the 1750Hz tone burst for?
Noticeable difference between trunk and roof mount?
What is the FM-N mode?
Tune step not being small enough?
Why is 431-432MHz forbidden for use in London?
Empty Repeater Slots and Percent FM when downloading D-STAR repeater list
Any ideas why my phone is not connecting to my Icom ID-51E PLUS2?
Is there a DV VHF calling frequency in the UK?
Temporary Skip frequency on an Icom ID-51 PLUS2
Is there a special name (and if so what is it) for this flush-style SMA variant?
Does anyone repair Flex radios other than Flex Radio?
What do I need to plug a regular set of headphones to an Icom ID-51 PLUS2?
What might this tower be used for?
best antenna for Baofeng
Resistance of antenna dipoles
How to programmatically distinguish European from non European call sign?
Baud rate/frequency/bandwith/characters per second
Do the radials of a quarter or 5/8 wavelength antennas connect to the braid of the coaxial cable?
Why are tuning and amplification in the same block?
How to transition CW ability to listening instead of simply copying - software assist?
Would the antenna described work?
Why is VHF better than UHF in this situation?
Is 20m noisy, or do I have a lot of local interference?
Total cancellation in corporate feed network for patch antenna
Cordless phone consistently experiencing RFI
Bluetooth headset for transceiver?
Feeding a dual-band UHF and VHF Yagi antenna
Recording from ICOM R8500 to pc
Why is this requirement in 60m in the US?
Does a paint-can dummy load have high voltage on the metal can? Would an insulated container be better?
What to use to build a tower here in the Philippines?
I want to know the bandwidth of this signal; problems using "QT GUI Frequency sink" to show it
Sound quality in portable FM radio devices vs dedicated stations
What happened to AMSAT-Phase 3E?
Can you request a vanity call sign when passing the exam?
Radials on a vertical, spread out evenly or not?
GNU Radio code and data type conversion
Could 8' Marine whip antennas operate on much higher frequencies?
Antenna Q vs pattern shape
Is it right for Amateur Radio operators to hide their antennas?
How to build a balun transformer for 2m RX with low insertion loss
GNU Radio - Signal Keeps Getting Smaller?
Key CW on zero crossings - zero bandwidth?
How to adapt commercial VHF yagi for 2 meter amateur use?
Aluminum vs copper antenna element lengths
Repairing a Tecsun PL-660
Alinco DX70 TH at 10W
Is there a special term for amateur transceiver speakers or anything that makes them different from any other kind of speaker?
Sine signal distorted in GNU Radio
Viewing the broadcast FM spectrum using a USRP N210
UV-5R with 3800 battery... usb 5v to 7.4-8v charger
proximity of rain gutter to dipole antenna
Is my low-power VHF transmitter dangerous?
Can an American licence operate in Portugal during a visit?
computer control for Yaesu FT-450
GNU Radio "WX GUI Waterfall Sink" Freezes as Timescale is Reduced
Channel Bandwidth & Occupying Frequencies
How can I sound-proof my generator?
Can my portable radio receive amateur radio?
Hopping from one frequency band to another in SDR (ex: USRP)
Can you create a radio beam with a Faraday cage?
Multiple simultaneous tunings with SDR
Which antenna would you use?
What parts / procedure do I need to build a UHF receiver that can connect to a standard pair of headphones
Can I estimate range of a low power transmission based on power (in mW)?
Antenna, input and ground bonding
Seeming conflict in the definitions of dynamic range
Do end-fed dipole antennas need choke baluns?
Does adding just an antenna adapter to a 3G modem add to it reception power?
Can a common-mode current exist on the inside of a coax shield?
Is there any open-source solution to scanning / decoding GSM/UMTS traffic?
I want to know how QT GUI Entry is implemented in gnuradio. I am puzzled how the code is like?
How can I determine if out of band interference is affecting my AIS reception?
Buffering Delay/ Jitter between voice calls
How can I do direct digital synthesis of a 630m WSPR signal?
Using one of two antenna tuners connected in series
Which international regulation allows reception, archiving or republishing of amateur transmissions?
How do I install the DV4mini software on Ubuntu?
";" in morse "-.-.-" or "-.-.-."?
Is there a difference between AFSK and FSK for AX.25/APRS USE?
Ettus B210 USRP Is it possible to transmit on both Tx Ports either with same or different application?
APRS: what is with stations clustered in the middle of a lake?
Is Part 90 certification something an amateur radio operator should look for in a radio meant for amateur use?
Why do I want an authentic FTDI USB-232 chip? (Shenanigans)
Apartment antenna and rtl-sdr with upconverter
How to get professional or official clarification of FCC Part 97 rules for specific complicated situations?
What was the origin of the Morse code abbreviations "hi" and "es"?
How do I send negative numbers or below zero in CW?
How is it possible for an HF signal to go around the world when part of it must be in sunlight?
TV strong station has no signal when coax is connected
What is the optimal antenna for a high altitude weather balloon?
Are there receivers and transmitters that can be tuned to multiple frequencies at once?
Can I talk 2 Meter VHF across the United States
Why does P25 occasionally break through tone squelch on my analog HTs?
How to find transmitting (voice and CW) Amateur stations in UK?
What are the key differences between Hytera DMR and MotoTRBO?
DMR Repeated Audio Packets
Conventional or electron current
What were the reasons why ATIS identification was introduced?
SDR set up that will TX & RX on CB, UHF and VHF
Can a radio antenna damage a phone?
What is dB(μV/m), and what are its applications?
Tx-Rx synchronisation to frequency changes
Physics behind this decametric radio telescope
Who regulates ham radio satellites?
Suggestions for mounting a mini-whip as high as possible
What type of signal is this?
Baofeng radio produces hum when plugged into charger
Programming Aviation Band on Kenwood D-710G?
Can two 315MHz RF modules communicate with each other if none of their frequencies are exactly 315MHz?
Alternative software for Hytera PD785G
Designing VLF antenna
SDR - discone antenna setup
Gain in long wire antennas
Who should announce the call sign when an unlicensed operator is transmitting?
How strictly is "the end of each communication" defined for the purpose of station identification?
How can Ground Penetrating Radar work?
What is RF hash?
Using two short mobile HF antennas to make a vertical dipole
How exactly does Data Whitening improve performance?
How is Data Whitening done?
Does Coax Limit the Maximum SWR a Transmitter 'Sees'?
Attic Dipole - Impact of Ethernet over CAT5/6
Can a vertical antenna be used for NVIS?
Maximum size of a command on an RLC Club Deluxe 2
Understanding WFM modulation
QSL cards and distance minimums
SWR Measured at the Transmitter versus SWR at the Antenna
Why is the neper a useful unit for transmission line calculations?
Why are carrier waves necessary?
Small band-pass filter for HT?
What are these continuous sine wave tones I keep hearing?
Has anyone actually heard or used rare Morse code characters on the air?
What is this sound on FM radio?
Can a Loop Antenna send and receive 10,000 miles away
How does an SWR meter really work?
calculating all specifics for a 5/8 antenna
Decibel subtraction in dBm and dB
How to trim out background noise GRC
Change VFOs with external mic button in Icon ID-51?
Carrier wave timing
HF/VHF antenna for high altitude balloon
Are there any rules/conventions for transmitting coordinates in CW?
How Does Earth Conductivity Affect the "Takeoff Angle" of a Vertical Monopole?
Intermittent High SWR
Use noise figure and gain to calculate weakest signal radio can receive?
What is the easiest way to eliminate a beam antenna's backward radiation (rear lobe)?
Accounting for feedlines in noise temperature calculations
How Does the Performance of Elevated Radials Differ from That of Buried Radials?
How low can a vertical dipole be mounted?
How can I make WBFM receiver without using WBFM Receive block?
TM-V71A Echolink - Constantly Transmitting
How can I calculate the effects of an LNA, antenna gain, etc. on noise performance?
Feedline and balun for 80m horizontal delta loop
How Might Nearby Re-Radiators Affect the Radiation Patterns of a Transmit Antenna?
How to determine the minimum distance between ham and TV antennas
Simple antenna for an old Grundig Satellit 800
Is RF current always confined to the inner diameter of a braided outer conductor of coaxial cable?
How does this Pixie circuit produce a beat frequency?
Long Wire Antenna for SWL
Console vs Trunk mount
Communications : Ground wave propagation
Do I need a license to operate as a ham in Haiti?
I would like to listen to a red roadster in space
Trouble figuring out what is meant by this repeater callout?
Not-too-distant saltwater ground
Measuring dBs with software defined radio
Grounding plan for new ham shack - good/bad idea?
Slot antenna for 2 meter mobile
Do phones transmit RF when they’re not in a call?
Legality of relay through a scanner in the US
How can the design of an RF filter also encompass impedance matching?
What's the practical significance of the source impedance in an RF filter?
Turn 75 Ω TV "Rabbit Ears" with a balun into a 50 Ω dipole antenna
Can a Harmonics from an Raspberry PI FM Transmitter Interfere with Emergency Bands?
What is Norton's transform?
Bf-f8hp radios and no idea what I'm doing
Coax cable as antenna for 5 watt handy
Relations between bit rate, frequency deviation and channel filter bandwidth
FFT showing evenly spaced signals when tuned to ~56 MHz down to 25.680
Could I run a Zepp antenna from a telegraph pole underneath a mains cable?
Impedance effect of using 75 ohm coax between transmitter and an EFHW antenna
Inductors for Impedance Matching
How to design a meander antenna for 2 meter band?
How do I get my crystal radio to receive?
SDR (RTL-SDR v3) USB audio much less than LSB
What's this digital mode on 40 meters?
How do 0 offset repeaters differ from offset repeaters?
Yaesu FT-60 vs. FT-70
When will propagation on HF improve?
Playback entire FM Band
Weird Harmonic Issue on Raspberry PI FM Transmitter
RF inert adhesive for building antennas in the UHF to low GHz region
Is there an FT8 or other weak-signal digital mode specification available?
How to consider the influence from the PCB that a small antenna is mounted on?
DC connector type for Baofeng UV5R base charger
Is it correct to apply the log-distance path loss model for an in-body radio propagation?
Is a "shorted" coax feedline ok for a G5RV type antenna?
Building a portable APRS iGate/digipeater
What core material do I need to construct a 1:1 unun for 6M?
Parts for a 915 MHz low power transmitter
FSK or M-PSK for weak signal communications?
If i connect two antennas to one radio using a t connector will it work?
Yaesu FT-450D How to troubleshoot problems with the Keyer jack
Which HF transceivers can be operated remotely via Ethernet port without a host computer?
Need a ferrite suppression material for choking 15 kHz to 60 kHz
Can jamming a channel with white noise be detected?
Antenna installation for a base station
Why does the output power of some AM transmitters increase when modulated and of others decrease?
What are some equivalents of a BF199 transistor?
How to tune an FM transmitter to a specific frequency?
Are there any terrestrial timecode signals receivable in Boston Massachusetts?
Wireless temperature data logger in the USA on 433MHz
Why AM modulation side bands have higher frequencies than the carrier?
How can I calculate the 1/4-wave monopole impedance dependence on groundplane angle?
Spectrum Analyzer: using "Max hold" for peak detection of a burst signal
What is the legality of data modes over UHF/VHF in the US?
Parallel tube amplifier power supply using 6DE4 tubes
Can an antenna be too powerful for certain receivers?
Rotary Inductor Replacement
Distance of Received Signals
Kenwood TH-D74 VOX on D-Star
My D-star registration is not with a gateway with a call sign, but (REGIST)
Linkable lists of call signs in a specific zip code
Will an iron chimney work well as an antenna?
How do you calculate the field strength at a given distance?
What are all the three letter codes for the different emission designators?
Series resonant circuit, how to calculate voltage across the capacitor?
what frequencies can i transmit on without a license in NM?
RF signal level when the antenna is disconnected
building a relay for 5.8Ghz?
Is MFJ-1708SDR safe with RF switching
What's the difference between a Return Loss Bridge and a Circulator?
Dipole antennas: Will paracord hold up well enough in the sun? Is there a better alternative?
Am I calibrating my SWR meter, SWR-001, correctly?
Getting permission from the master of the vessel
Are any handsets compliant with Canadian regs usable on both 2M amateur and 2M commercial bands? Is this even possible?
Stabilization of an antenna pole with anchoring cables
HF SWL antenna wire? Will plain 16-Gauge copper wire work well enough?
What is this connector?
Yagi elements connected to boom?
What is the maximum number of turns in a ferrite core used as a common mode choke?
What is the turn spacing on a Helix Antenna?
BF-F8HP: "Radio did not respond" when trying to use CHIRP
Lightning strikes nearby and coaxial cable
How important is the impedance and resonance of a receive antenna?
What are the maximum possible speeds of download over Amateur Radio frequencies?
Morse code in a puzzle
Powering transceiver and SWR/power meter from same supply?
Cell Tower distance measurement
What knowledge is essential for USA Technician license?
Can a CB SWR meter be used for HF amateur bands?
What wireless communication technologies can travel long distances with a high bandwidth?
Why do we distinguish between balanced and unbalanced?
Microstrip Loop Antenna Design
What does exclamation mark mean in FT8 CQ calls in WSJT?
Doppler shift compensation without using predictive modelling
What does retain mean in the logging of WSJT-X 1.8.0?
Why don't monolithic HF transceiver ICs exist?
What is "Billion Code" for garage door openers from around 1996?
Ham Technician Exam Material
How should I measure RFI on the headset cable from a hand-talkie?
Skin effect - rough versus polished surface
Why can't I hear myself from a second radio when bouncing off a repeater?
Testing requirements for 5 year old tech license to take general exam
How terminate RG8 coaxial cable using PL259 (UHF) - screw - gasket - solder type?
ID5100 is a Speaker Mic avail?
Antenna Efficiency
SSB filtering in the frequency domain?
Long callsigns in WSJT-X?
Does an LDG YT-100 automatically trigger a tuning cycle if the SWR is high?
Antenna Patterns and Multipath Effect
What are the implications of pulling LMR400 through EMT conduit with several 90 degree conduit body fittings
IQ imbalance after quadrature mixing
Electrical Earth
AX25 + Reed Solomon : Bit stuffing errors
Morse Code meta-command sequences?
Sampling a 50 MHz Max Frequency 50 MHz BW Signal with a 50 MSps ADC
Yaesu memory programming - skip vs. select vs. off/blank? FTM-100/400 series
Does the E-field propagate faster that the H-field?
Why are 2m and 70cm the common frequencies on HTs?
why does net control hear a check-in which I do not hear?
Can a Digital Down Converter, at the same time, generate I,Q streams & Downconvert?
Vertically orienting beams with antenna arrays
Antenna suggestions for 160m band in smallish yard?
Practical differences between switching and linear power supplies?
APRS - using 100 Hz CTCSS for voice contacts
Legality of short "jingles"
Making WiFi access point range shorter on purpose
Weak signal digital modes and clock synchronization
Tune a very short 3-5m random wire for 40m (around 7.030 MHz) for listening or occasional QRP CW sending
How should I select an HF antenna for portable work?
Alinco dj500t will not transmit, why?
Is there a legal limit to the bandwidth of a signal used in the amateur bands?
Thermostat wire for antennas?
Using a Duplexer and Diplexer in Series
What changes are being made to the Technician question pool in 2018?
Radio stops receiving as soon as the antenna is threaded all the way
Baofeng UV 9R Handheld programming
The 'plating material' materials and constants of the constants
Is there a different ham radio phonetic alphabet?
Help understanding the information field in an APRS-IS message
Which country’s hams have the longest call signs?
Are Americans the only hams with four-letter callsigns?
Current rules in Taiwan for operating licensed stations, bringing in personal equipment?
One dipole for multiple bands?
Yaesu FT-450D CW from computer - DATA and CAT connectors
Is there any point to keep the CSCE after the FCC registers the upgrade?
How high an SWR can the USRP 2901 (B210) handle?
Is using /AE compulsory?
Why is it claimed that circular polarized RF has better penetration properties compared to linear polarized RF?
How to connect female reversed with female normal TNC
Will stainless steel bolts work with my copper antenna?
Interference difference: fixed and mobile wireless systems
RF Coverage range doesn't improve inspite of increased Tx power
Connecting TNC-Pi to Kenwood TM-241A
Rolling QRM from 3000-10000 kHz - What Is It?
What does the spark-gap do in a spark-gap transmitter?
USA/callsigns: Why is California region 6? And the midwest in regions 7-9?
Using a Deceased Club Member's Call Sign for Field Day
Is a J-pole an appropriate antenna for mounting to a steel handrail?
LoRa radio transceiver for PtP mesh?
Fast TCP/IP radio modem on UHF band
I just got this RF equipment but i don't know what's for
Impedance matching between antenna and load - Theory and Practice?
Input and output impedance of antenna/circuit: theory and measurement methods?
How/where can I learn about ft8?
How the performance of the half wave dipole antenna changes as the length changes?
GNU Radio sinusoid multiplication does not produce perfect results
Irrigation system for ground plane
Removing the whip on a 2m/70cm antenna makes no difference
AWR_4000 by awc programming software
Connecting a coaxial cable as feed to a halfwave dipole
Is there any downside to consolidating on BNC connectors for HF?
Poor reception on single AM channel
For air coax calculation, what is correct diameter metric vis-à-vis tube stock thickness?
How were 1920s hams able to measure megahertz frequency?
Current flow in a coaxial cable
Can an SSB transmitter be used to transmit PSK?
Can WSJT-X's timing account for delay from RCForb?
NFC coil matching - Q factor improvement
Advantages of IQ generation at Mixer Stage or within FPGA for SDRs
What's the use case behind long AGC constants?
Understanding of NFC Reader Antenna matching
Two way ham radio to communicate between two stations
Why is the insertion loss of my coax cable higher than expected?
How Could Superheterodyne Receiver Ever Work?
Folded balun, impedance matching
Can the Q of a loop antenna be changed?
4G extension cable and antenna height?
How do I understand this figure about antenna pattern?
How different is Q-factor of SMD inductor from regular one?
Could I expect 12 mile range with the GXT1000VP4 radios?
Two antennas on different sides of a building
Is it possible to get a set of radios that will work 10 Miles in suburbs?
What does an antenna range really mean?
What should I put in a "Go box", "Go bag", or "go kit" for emergency communications?
I was told to check the cluster. What does that mean and how do I do that?
Why do we have to hand wind toroids?
Can someone help record a specific radio signal at a specific time to help solve a radio based puzzle?
Motorola XT180 not charging
Full UK license visiting US: Can I use frequencies in US but not UK license?
Antenna design - Ground plane in simulation and in practice
HackRF + Amplifier = HF/VHF QRP Radio?
What type of this antenna is it?
where to look for (live or recorded) air traffic conversations for a specific area?
Using a Baofeng UV-5R V2+ as a Portable Packet Radio
Are there any Alternatives to Packet Radio for sending digital data?
Is there a practical way for hams to participate in cellular-related technology advances?
Do FCC regulations limit digital data rate?
Impedance matching using Smith Chart and relationship to reflection
Amateur Radio for Science Fair
How do active loop vs. passive loop differ in terms of noise rejection?
Benefit to remote antenna tuner for end-fed non-resonant antenna?
Signal path to maximize RFI rejection in an urban environment
How to decode a message with unknown bit rate in interstellar signal
Should Hams Using Skywaves Be Concerned About Their Groundwave Radiation?
What cable is needed in order to record audio from a Baofeng UV-5x3 on a computer?
Receiving audio output from IC-9100 through USB port
Why would a nearby antenna cause intermittent transmission?
USRP Safe Gain Values
Suspected Damage in Coax Cable
Peak envelope power should be 2:1 or 4:1 on meter?
Ultrasonic FM receiver
High 40m noise floor during the evening but quiet in the afternoon
Can I monitor a refrigerator using ham radio?
To decide coherent time and fade duration from measured received signal spectrum and relate them to channel modeling
Restoring full output power to rig with tube finals
CB Radio Ground Plane (or lack thereof)
Are old USA amateur radio licenses in the public FCC database?
How to attach a magnetic loop antenna to the 50Ω coax of an RTL SDR?
What is the equation relating maximum data transfer rates for a given EM bandwidth
UK Foundation Licence holder use of kits
What is this odd data/screeching/fuzzy signal?
What has happened to HF?
Why does not a bigger antenna receive more power?
Mounting a J-Pole and Yagi on the same mast
SNR measurement for a BPSK/QPSK signal
Can I build a radio telescope out of a parabolic TV satellite dish?
LimeSDR Mini + Raspberry Pi 3 B+ Transmission problem
Internet ham QSO website?
BFO locked synchronous AM detection
Reflection Coefficient to Impedance transformation on the Smith Chart
Improving coverage of AIS receiving station
Non-life-threatening emergency in the US?
Is this a broadcasting antenna?
Is this transmission line peak voltage formula published in CQ Magazine more accurate?
True near field distance for a short monopole antenna?
How is RF Power at Receive Antenna Output Terminals Calculated?
How did hams manage to tune their antennas before VSWR meters?
Radio Range vs. Frequency
vertical 40m antenna takeoff angle
Range of wireless signals
Amateur Radio Long Distance Data Communication
Is a copper J-Pole antenna better than a Slim Jim for transmitting?
FM spectral amplitudes during silence
RF ground and balanced antennas
What can I do about my strong RF noise?
G5RV Jr. fed with ladder line and coax
Were there any 6m handhelds produced ever?
Design and impedance matching for simple resonant loop antenna (2 GHz)
Lightbulb as an SWR detector?
When was the first radio transceiver (transmitter/receiver) built, and by whom?
Choke at feed point of delta loop with Q match
Is a connecting computer sound output equivalent to connecting a "dynamic" mic?
What is the external mic/speaker pinout for the Yaesu FT-4XR / FT-65R / FT-25R / SSM-16B?
Do PCB antennas suit for NOAA and ADS-B?
Can the IC-7300 be connected straight to a computer and use WSJT-X for FT8?
Using Direwolf with multiple radios?
Twisting copper wire for a less-flexible DIY antenna
How do I legally use a Baofeng UV-5R radio for communication?
Why do the ham radio bands get broader with increasing frequency?
What kind of power plug does the ICOM IC-7300 need?
Wire antenna slightly too long
Why are radio frequency ranges aligned on multiples of 3?
WWV, WWVH, and WWVL may be shut down. Are there any alternatives?
Help with ZaStone D900
Using an OPC-478 programming cable for CI-V
Ferrite beads on a wire antenna?
Learning RF electronics
Is HAM the only non-criminal/civil broadcasting a person can do that doesn't own a shortwave radio station?
How to scan while avoiding digital/noise frequencies?
What exactly is a "balanced modulator"?
Efficiency of short dipole receiving antenna
What is the purpose of the transformer at the input (and output) of this RF push-pull amplifier
Are there formulae to calculate capacitance and inductance of an antenna?
How Can I Remove a Password From a TYT MD-UV390 (Non-GPS)?
The right antenna size
Effective area of a dipole
Wire dipole antenna proving ground / test bench
FTDX3000D SWR Meter
Receiver using a NE602 oscillator-mixer not working
What are the effects of different feed-line incidence angles?
78.5MHz AM receiver self-oscillation
Deep-cycle marine battery life question
What does co-phasing of cross-polarized antennas mean?
Capacitive hats on wire dipoles?
Understanding power supply requirements
Using a common-mode choke on symmetrical antenna system
Do Loading Coils Supply "Missing Degrees" to Electrically Short Radiators?
A question about callsign formats
antenna theory for beginners
Radial length for vertical antennas?
Running mag loop feedline INSIDE the loop tube
Using approximate signal strength at a distance to estimate reception strength of a radio station
Power Amplifier Balun Question
100MHz to 1000MHz Antennas for Transmit and Receive
Stacking DB8 "bedsprings"
If one were to add reflector elements above and below a dipole would it change the direction to horizontal?
Transmission distance of PSK31 on various HF band
Repeating UHF Handheld via UHF vehicle transceiver
Repeater for 1/4 square mile campus
Can I reflect a radio wave by receiving it with one antenna and then sending it back out with another?
In HLDC framing/Bell202 encoding, are the flag bytes NZRI encoded?
How do I have a full signal of noise on a handheld?
Wiring questions: grounding, attic antennas, BNC connectors
Can timing information be used to compress data for LoRa transmission?
Impedance matching: Why do components behave totally differently from theory?
Can this 960 MHz CelWave fiberglass antenna be retuned for the 70cm band?
What should I put on a QSL card for a repeater contact?
Gain difference between half-wave and infinitesimal dipole?
Are cold temperatures harmful for ham radio equipment?
It it really useful to terminate unused 75Ω outputs on a coax splitter?
Ground radials: Electrical difference between 14 gauge and 18 gauge? Lifespan difference?
Finding an Intuitive Explanation of Mixer Theory
Is there any way in which elevation *does* affect medium frequency (AM radio) transmissions?
Can my laptop pick up CB radio frequencies?
DVMega / DVDongle with a TNC connection to radio
Is it legal to transmit with HackRF one?
Are Elevated Radials Necessary for Elevated, 5/8-wave "Ground-Plane" Antennas?
Can I use the BF-888S programming cable on the UV-5R?
Converting WPM to CPM
Is a US Extra class exam from the '90s valid to upgrade from Advanced class today?
How Does the Low-Angle Radiation of a Horizontal Dipole Compare to That of a Vertical Monopole?
What is the minimum equipment necessary to get on the air with FT8?
Impedance Matching between RF Amplifier Stages
What kind of ham radio license should I get?
Does a parabolic reflector dish change circular polarity?
Size of ground plane disk for vertical antennas?
Is it possible to make antenna for one specific frequency?
Dipole antenna radiation field equation
Is this the Correct Ferrite Core to Reduce RFI as a Common Mode Choke?
When to log a callsign suffix for a QSO?
How can the impedance of a half wave dipole at its resonant frequency be purely resistive when the voltage and current are seemingly not in phase?
2018/2019 proposed expansion of technician privileges
How can the voltage at the center of a resonant half wave dipole be zero if the input impedance is 75 ohms?
Why do we not use AM and FM at the same time to transmit more information?
What is the best approach for measuring return loss of a home-made 3cm horn?
What is Electrical length in RF and how to electrically cut and measure the RF cable in degree?
Kenwood TS-50 and USB to Serial
How does a gamma match on a dipole work as a balun?
What is the voltage on a half wave dipole measured with respect to?
What's the Noise Floor?
Does a horizontally polarised yagi antenna have the same front to back ratio for horizontal and vertical received signals?
Does a vertically or horizontally polarized electromagnetic wavefront have a thickness?
Is Morse code a digital, binary mode?
How to supply high voltage to an amplifier in a safe way?
Antenna height for LoRaWAN Gateway
If the voltage at the center of a half wave dipole isn't zero, then how do Plumber's Delight yagi antennas work?
Antenna Type of a Chinese Antenna
Beyond Maximum Stable Gain of a transistor
How to make a ferrite bar antenna for RTL-SDR?
Exactly why do some SWR meters give a changing reading depending on the length of coax used to connect to an antenna?
Raising height of inverted V by 2 meters
What is inside a 50 ohm termination?
Is there any difference in the voltage and current distribution for a half wave dipole fed in the middle, or fed with a gamma match?
How does the signal know where the cable ends and the antenna starts?
UHF FM power amplifier design without expensive software
How can I tell if someone is mistakenly transmitting on a repeater output frequency, instead of the (offset) input frequency?
I received a RESTRICTED RADIO LICENSE in 1974. Is it still valid?
ADS Simulation: How to model an antenna in a simple rectifier circuit?
How do PTT buttons work?
Will wrapping an antenna around my house next to metal affect it?
Do short waves pass through or reflect off concrete buildings?
Reset the sps on symbol sync block GNU Radio
Fan dipole radiation pattern
RF Antenna - V pole - Should one leg go to ground and the other to signal?
Why say "break" and "over" on walkie-talkies instead of an automatic chirp?
How to derive antenna gain from radiation pattern
High Noise Floor on 40/80m at Night
Do I need a separate SWR meter if the transceiver has one built-in?
Why does signal power drop every night?
What are these large antenna structures (used for)?
My radio in the garage is temporarily shutting down the wifi when I key up
Why are hand-wound coils so common if commercial inductors are available?
Is there a best ratio of L to C in a resonant circuit?
Testing for 'Bad' Coax
What equipment do I need to receive radio and connect to PC for listening
Can I use two yagi aerials back-to-back for a bi-directional system?
What is the purpose of the German CW exam if it is not required to use CW?
Feed-through Capacitors
How thick should counterpoise wires be?
Indoor RX VHF dipole and preamplifier box
Why are the lower HF frequencies not working during winter day time?
Why does ARRL license examination procedure preclude students from discovering what questions they got wrong on licensing tests
How can I determine/measure power rating of a DIY air capacitor?
What is "Busy Channel Lockout"? Why do I want to control this feature?
What are the differences of ham radio procedures compared to military or public safety procedures?
How to characterize and select UHF linearly loaded antennas?
Effect of small amount of metal on twin-lead
Yagi-Uda antenna - energy flow density calculation
Can anyone tell me how to make a 35 m long wire antenna work on 80, 40, 20, 15 and 10 metres?
Mobile 2m / 70cm dual band with aviation frequency TX capability
Is it legal to transmit scrambled or encrypted voice via SSB on ham bands?
How to measure the power emitted from an HF antenna in near-field WPT?
Digital Modes Transmission Traffic Comparisons
Why does a Class-C non-linear power amp distort SSB but does not distort AM?
Antenna for receiving 868MHz rocket telemetry: QFH(QHA), Helical, or?
Help understanding this tweet about receiving images from satellite behind the Moon
Are there hand held radios for both Amateur and CB?
Triband vertical antenna 6/2/70
Using LMR400 and RG8x in the same feedline
Do I need an 9:1 UNUN for a half-wave end fed?
Does a 1/2 wavelength end-fed antenna need a good RF ground?
How to determine number of turns for a 1:1 balun?
Can I use a helical ground plane radial in the same way that a loading coil works?
If someone transmits on 151.88 MHz and I listen on 151.18 MHz, how likely would I hear their transmission?
Why were "PARIS" and "CODEX" considered "typical words"?
Antenna polarization when dealing with satellite communications
Air Coil AM & Shortwave Crystal Radio Using 1/4" Copper Tubing
How to use 70 cm WiMo phasing harness for a COTS crossed yagi antenna?
Water cooling a GS-35B in lieu of air cooling?
Mobile VHF/UHF antenna coupling to surrounding objects?
Can I create a functional crystal radio using a plastic coil filled with seawater as the inductor?
FFT showing 2 signals - GNU Radio
How to clean up profanity on airwaves
dBm signal minus dB
How can I get rid of RFI coming from my house solar panel inverter?
6 meter mobile antenna grounding
Partially Collapse Telescoping Antenna to Change Effective Length
Output power curve of an antenna
RTL SDR "dark region"
What's the earth in this antenna exactly?
Is the ground on the back of the Icom IC-7300 an electrical or RF ground?
How to decode 2FSK signal with SDR?
WSJT-X V2: How to identify stations already logged?
How do antennas behave as they are moved to near-field distances?
Simple Longwire/Dipole Antenna design
What is the advantage of making an antenna resonant?
What does CQ NM mean in FT8?
How do homebuilders find an audience to distribute kits to?
Reflection behaviour of the radiation as a function of the used voltage
What is the frequency range 2300-21950 kHz used for?
Why does "Ethics and Operating Procedures" suggest tuning on a dummy load?
How to interrupt a long discussion on HF politely?
Where can I find a very long distance Wifi antenna with a range of 50-100 km? Or is it a DIY project?
asymmetric shortened dipole
Do volunteer exam coordinators provide accommodations for applicants with visual impairments?
Magnetic Loop Antenna with RFI Choke
antenna in the rain
What would the power at output at a distance of 1cm when transmitted at a power of 1dBm from the transmitting antenna?
Unlicensed TV broadcasting power limit (Band I)
How to model passive elements when simulating an antenna?
Multi-band Crystal Receiver?
Share wide band antenna with multiple transceivers
Why do CW signals get converted to pure sine wave tones at 750 Hz?
How many HF (FT8/JT65/BPSK/RTTY etc) amateurs are active in Canada?
Pentode vs. Triode in Tuned RF Reflex Receiver
Which polarization for a Yagi antenna will have the best side rejection for received signals with vertical polarization?
unexpected output using HackRF One with rx_power
What circuit to use to multiply 434 MHz by two?
How to create a simple 1296MHz transmitter?
Faulty MFJ-259 - meter hits end stop on power up
Embedded Message on Zastone ZT-X6 / WLN KD-C1
If I point a yagi antenna at the sky, what will its azimuth radiation pattern look like?
Is it conventional to sign using the phonetic alphabet like people do in the military or aviation?
Another Yaesu G-5400B output voltage question
Frequency mixing products
Is it possible to transmit and receive FSK G3RUH using SSB transceiver operating on USB-D?
Skin effect for a modified antenna with a high frequency pulsed DC
Measuring S21 against TX-RX distance (a.k.a path loss modelling) with a network analyzer didn't give expected results
mixing frequency of intermediate frequency (IF) and radio frequency (RF)
Local phonetic alphabets
Long range communication with just 1W of power?
ICOM IC-910h How much bandwidth does it listen when receiving USB and FM?
Any reception reports from ExseedSAT1 yet?
is KPA100 a good amplifier for Yaesu Vx-8Dr
Why can I receive a vertically polarized signal on a horizontally polarized antenna on HF and vice versa?
Why are there differences in antennas that depend on electrical component and magnetic component of a radio wave?
Can an indoor antenna damage unshielded electronics?
Do MRI machines use the ISM band, and do they generate audible CW signals?
Will the quantization noise be increased if the step level is increased?
Why some hams test their baluns with an SWR meter?
How far do radio waves travel?
What additional information do I get from an RF ammeter, as compared to a regular SWR/wattmeter?
Bluetooth icon on Yaesu FT-1D display: Is there Bluetooth integrated?
Antenna relay switch design
What happens to the transmitted power cancelled out by a yagi antenna's reflector?
ax.25 error shown in direwolf. Fails on channel 8, then 2, then works
How large and where should a perimeter ground be installed?
Shortwave antenna wire — do I care about "corona discharge"?
Tuning a Homebrew MURS
Who has the ability to physically manipulate a repeater's controls?
How did the terms like QRZ, QTH, and other forms of ham shorthand evolve?
How to find something disrupting car key fobs across a parking lot?
VOX mic that emulates PTT
Pair of Baofeng BF-888s stopped communicating after reprogramming - what to do
Modulation basics
Why do the metres seem to be increasing with frequency?
How to identify a practical HF communication receiver?
Who funds amateur radio satellites?
Why long wire antenna length shouldn't be a multiple of λ/2?
2GFSK 9600bps Transmitter and amplifier for 433 MHz
Yagi vs Parabolic Dish for 2.4GHz Campus Wifi from 1,800ft away?
Amateur wanting to re-enter ham radio legally
Are there reasons why a receive-only wire antenna should not be λ/2 in length?
What did I just do to my rig? Audio went crazy and had to reboot
Voltage Converter for Amp
Cabling question between two devices
How can I calculate current distribution on an end-fed dipole antenna in theory?
Is the Nyquist rate independent of the power of the analog signal being digitized?
Why would you need a signal generator to receive early satellite transmissions?
Where is the speaker on the Yaesu FT-857D?
How to reduce voltage ripple of a linear power supply?
FM Receiver on GNU Radio with RTL-SDR fails to produce any output sound
Soldering PL-259.. with a torch?
What happens to your callsign if you migrate?
What devices are able to decode the EAS SAME headers, attention signal, and encoded marker?
How I can build dvb-t/dvb-t 2 transceiver?
Can radio waves be made to travel as or along a particle beam?
Why do some of the amateur radio license names imply something different than what it actually is?
Better explanation for beyond-line-of-sight VHF signal reach than "lower curvature to radio waves"
Baofeng DM-1801 DMR: Language switched to Chinese
Counterpoise/ground/radial options for an Inverted L
Would an infintely thin horitzontal yagi with zero height respond to vertical signals?
What happens to a vertical Yagi when you mount it on a vertical metal pole?
What does dBi mean?
What EXACTLY does front to back ratio mean?
How do I replace the Li-ion battery in a Kenwood TM-741A?
Toroid Coupling Issue in Common-base Amplifier
How to Measure Signal Strength
How does an E-Z-O Antenna work and why does it appear in Wikipedia's article on quad antennas?
RTL-SDR: command or script to obtain power and deviation of an FM radio station
Proper magnetic mount placement on roof
What is the theoretical and actual cross polarization attenuation from horizontal to vertical polarization?
How can a vertical Yagi for 10 m be mounted on on a vertical metal mast and be made to work properly?
Using SW radio to detect Jupiter
Can a FM tuner (receiver) be detected and triangulated?
Suitable acoustic foam rubber for headphones?
Should I add call signs with /R suffix to the logbook?
QSL cards from shortwave listeners
Digital transmission sounds
Raspberry Pi with TNC-Pi - How to Connect to BBS
Where does the year 2019 fall in the sunspot cycle for HF propagation?
From where do repeaters get their power supply?
How does signal strength relate to bandwidth?
What equipment and software do I need to read raw civilian GPS signals on my Mac?
Estimating the efficiency of a shortened (loaded) antenna
Can anybody identify an appropriate radio for this game?
What are Radio-location Services in the 1.9-2.0 MHz range?
Unidentified signals on FT8 frequencies
What are these antennas used for?
Is there a technical reason to sell an LNA without advertising its gain?
Effect of frequency division on a signal's spectrum
Doublet with ladder line vs coax w.r.t. noise
Signing of messages transmitted over ham radio
What is the equation for the arm lengths of a half wavelength dipole antenna?
If I receive an SOS signal, what is the proper response?
High-resolution GIS datasets of groundwave conductivity of the United States, besides the FCC?
Coax or bifilar windings for a choke?
Is compression "encryption" under FCC regs?
Ham operators often tell me that comparing gain to an isotropic radiator isn't much use because it's only a theoretical antenna, is this true?
Sending a downloaded file on digital: third party communication?
Digital networks -- operator at control point, or automatic relay?
PL tone removal?
Why does ladder line generally have a lower loss than coaxial cable?
Simplest way to transmit beep 5-10km (3-6 miles) using FM?
Substitute for 455 kHz Ceramic filters in new designs
How do I use multiple antennas with two or more radios?
In-house repeater?
Can I make ferrite paint? Will it shield my antenna from my roof?
Terminating double-shielded coax
How to identify a high quality PL-259/SO-239 (so-called "UHF") connector?
Is the NATO/ICAO or ITU figure pronunciation more common?
How can the gain of an antenna be negative?
PL-259/SO-239 vs N Type vs BNC which is best connector to use when?
Why does adding 50-ohm BNC Ethernet terminator(s) in parallel to my 4-element yagi improve my radio's reception? (70cm)
Safeguards against cross-border abuse?
How to log contacts when mobile?
How does lowering the RF Gain help with SNR?
What is the radiation pattern of an EH antenna?
How do I set the "tone" in my new BaoFeng BF-F8HP?
Brand new BaoFeng BF-F8HP -- how to save settings in a channel memory?
How can I be sure I'm actually hitting the repeater?
Is there an 8-Watt "Upgraded" Baofeng UV-82?
RTL-SDR dongle - what antenna should I use for APRS receive only?
Will I get cleaner keying by keying the oscillator, or interrupting the amplifier B+?
What are the official Baofeng websites in the USA?
RTL-SDR - rtl_fm: undefined symbol: rtlsdr_set_bias_tee
Problem recording morse with sdr#
cubical quad reflector tuning stub design
Bow Tie antennas impedance
How to limit frame transfer in Gnu Radio Companion?
Is it safe to run two barefoot rigs on one antenna with an AB switch?
Can I measure position with antenna/receiver?
Is there a trick for reaching a repeater "through" terrain?
Line of sight from geographic/map data?
Cell tower identifier antenna isolator cannon
Call sign ID for a "homebrew" or improvised repeater?
Hobby Wire for Ground Radials
RigExpert AA-35 - Interpreting The Information
How do I identify a genuine Nagoya antenna?
Where does this common spurious transmission come from? Is there a quality difference?
What does QSL mean in a CW conversation?
Why does SDR# sound better than SDR console?
UK "Remote Operation" defination
Determining Impedance With An Antenna Analyzer
Tips for HF Antenna with house near AM transmitter
If I send periodic SOS and nothing else, what would be the response by hams and/or government?
Daisy Chaining AM filters to help with IMD
RG-213 Cable with electric strained wire as metallic shield of Coaxial cable
What dielectric strength is required for a variable capacitors in a 100W T-network antenna tuner?
Really Low SWR Reading On PMR
How does keying a CW transmitter work?
How can I improve my Es'Hail 2 reception?
Antenna options for a 10x20m property with a large metal roof?
What does CI-V stand for?
overhead power-line safety
JS8: does a QSO over a relay counts as a valid QSO?
Selecting Directional Coupler for VSWR Measurement
Ufer ground and ground rods
How can I get started with Amateur Radio?
What to do when accidental emission can't be given a call sign ID?
Noise reduction
Real world performance of magnetic loop antennas?
Attenuator Cascaded Connection
How old do you have to be to be a ARES volunteer?
Is there a way to explain antenna radiation patterns on receive without reciprocity?
Are standing waves on a transmission line RF or DC?
Does a loop antenna have less susceptibility to atmospheric noise than an open ended antenna?
Is double amplitude modulation useful?
What did it mean to "align" a radio?
Why do receiver sensitivities vary so much with frequency?
Given the classical top down view, what does a bottom up view of RF waves look like?
Noise Floor when receiving Es'hail 2
Can I have a signal generator on while it's not connected?
Loop antenna layout and radiation?
distance between shack and antenna
Effective Area of Dipole Array
Is PC to Digital Radio possible, is there an existing solution?
What is the main source of error for SWR meters?
What is a simple kind of amateur radio transceiver I could try to build, as a beginner?
Is it legal to operate Ham Radios for educational purposes
Raspberry Pi rpitx for SSB with filter?
What is homebrew?
How can I get a license to build broadcast transmitters?
How to measure wire for antenna leg | 40m inverted V
Using Satnogs' *.ogg files in GnuRadio flowgraphs
How long can a transceiver be unused before I have to use a variac?
Why are vacuum tubes still used in amateur radios?
did static fry my uv5r?
NMO bicycle mount antenna has unexpected SWR
GnuRadio alternative for Selector Block
How to convert a crystal controlled tranceiver to VFO (aka Unbinding from the Rock)?
Can ferrite beads lower coax cable velocity factor?
How to interpret VSWR results for an attic antenna
Are QRP transceivers only meant for CW communication?
To which part of the band should I tune my Hi-Q wire antenna if my transceiver has an automatic antenna tuner?
Troubleshooting ICOM PS15 Power Supply
Is a 5 watt UHF/VHF handheld considered QRP?
What are Smart Antennas?
why is 3rd order intermodulation for 2110-2155 = 1710-1755?
How do I link a repeater on one of the DCS reflectors using IC-9700?
How can the output power of a Yaesu FT101E be increased?
Retuning 2m Duplexers (Q2330E) with Spectrum Analyzer and Tracking Generator
Low mass, low frequency transmission line
3 Band (80-40-20 Meter) Fan Dipole Tuning Question
Identifying a transmission to myself
Yaesu FT-891: power drops to 50% when TNR is ON and SWR is 1.5:1
Is it possible to transmit telemetry data (GPS) via QRP?
Passive receiver power needs & data rate
Beamwidth of omni-directional antenna with gain
What is the best type of feedline for a base UHF VHF ground plane antenna with a distance of around 50-75 feet of coax?
How to estimate ladder line loss?
Why is the band scope called panadapter?
How do I put an RJ-45 connector on to repair a Kenwood MC-59 microphone cable?
Can I use a 1:1 current balun to feed a 1/4λ vertical?
Is this strange Morse signal type common?
Why SWR significantly changes with adding 10-30 meters of coax in presence of RFI choke?
Temporary/Portable station coax pl259 connector water proof?
Weakly directive VHF/UHF antenna
Determining whether signal meets the 12 dB SINAD voltage
How to splice RG-174 coax?
Unitrunker Receivers Not Displaying Fields
Parasitic inductance of relay contacts
Give vertical antenna directional gain?
Is it practical to use a slug-tuned variable inductor in an antenna matcher (aka "antenna tuner")?
Will close-loop metal hangers affect antenna radiation?
Measurements in far field for radar cross section
Testing blind license applicants
Find the right COM to setup Winlink
Qt application freezes after a fixed time period
What is the proper way to electrically wire in a loading coil to a vertical antenna?
How come wifi repeaters aren't just amplifiers?
Looking for a formula used by VE6YP trap calculator
Do I have to disconnect antennas during thunderstorms?
Are transmit antennas the same as receive ones?
How do I listen to the amateur radio satellites?
How to match crystals using NWT?
What types of materials increase the inductance of a coil when inserted inside it?
Double power-handling ability of RF amplifier output transformer
How to record fixed number of samples in gnuradio
Does scanning take much more battery than listening on one channel?
Passively reducing ground loss?
Is there a public standard for 8 and 10 character grid locators?
Pi Matching circut for tube PA - what values?
Would a ham license allow me to use an uncertified radio on other (non-ham) bands I have permission to use?
SWR characteristic changes when lifting coax off the ground?
Bad squelch on a TYT MD-380: user error or hardware?
Should I run RG8x / mini8 zip tied to a cat 5e ethernet cable?
Difference between antennas for Wi-Fi vs. ham repeaters
Is there any practical advantage to a parabolic reflector over a high-gain beam antenna?
How much current can Baofeng UV-5R provide on +V pin?
Matching a 188 ohm antenna to an unbalanced input that expects a 50 ohm antenna
help identifying a vacuum tube
My radio and audio output keep changing using WSJTX on FT8
Mounting antenna on a metal structure? Tower/Antenna insulator?
Only noise, no signals whatsoever on HF
Are jammers relate to electronics or electrotechnics , why?
Can I use CHIRP for programming a Baofeng DM-5R?
Can I use a amateur license to experiment with radar?
Building a ray tracing path-loss propagation model of LTE for small cells (pRRus)
Voltage wave in transmission lines
Impedance ratio vs. SWR
How narrow-band can a DVB-S2 signal be?
Is it practical to use a magnetic amplifier as an AM modulator in a transmitter?
Uplink-limited vs. Downlink-limited
What are the effects of a ground plane under a horizontal dipole?
Dominant speeds of Morse Communications
Multiband vertical antenna not working as expected
Restricted line-of-sight communication
What are the parameters and necessary features of a Gunn diode oscillator cavity?
How hard to send files
Grounding a chimney mounted antenna
Feeding a folded dipole
Why is GNU Radio "stuttering" with this flow graph?
Are stainless steel studs acceptable as a feedpoint connector for an aluminum loop antenna?
Dielectric Constant of Insulation/RF Permeability
Add capacitor to unload antenna?
FD Battery Stations... How Do You Log?
How to plot transmitter coverage area?
How does one know how a signal has been modulated
Colinear Vhf antenna
Applications for 100 GHz band?
How do Field Day participants protect from lightning?
What does "THREE ALPHA in Virginia" mean?
Using 75 Ω instead of 50 Ω coax feed
Is Field Day a contest?
Why are there so many coaxial cable impedances?
Combining/splitting three different RF signals
Transferring old callsign to a club?
Baofeng 888s sidekey (moni) don't work
Clarification: What are Fixed and Mobile services intended for in frequency allocation documentation?
How does a receiver know the exact frequency in the channel to "listen to"?
How do I interpret the FCC ground conductivity files
Propagation effects of noctilucent clouds
Baofeng 888s side key didn't work and solved
Simple antenna for LoRa 433 MHz module
Can I take and use Baofeng UV-82 in Norway?
Dipole symmetry?
HackRF One and IoT overloaded?
Will electrically joined dipoles of different lengths, at right angles, behave as a multiband antenna?
Kenwood TH-D72A: what's the difference between Tone and CTCSS?
Orange Goop Leaking from Power Supply
Power output of KT8900
FLDigi Crashes When Trying to Load RigCAT Description File
Radio antenna for my FM receiver / Android FM
How do amateur satellites stay consistently in the amateur-sat bands acoss the globe?
2m 5-element yagi with staggered driven elements
Using EchoLink with Satellite delivered Internet
What is this burst transmission sequence across the entire band?
Fan dipole with loading coil(s)?
GnuRadio RF transmission, legal and safety issues
VHF 50 Ω Antenna Over 75 Ω TV Coax
Unsure how to assemble Shakespeare SSB antenna; not working
Simple Gnuradio TX/RX loopback example/tutorial
Presumably working FT-8900R doesn't turn on. What can be a reason?
Why does no one use a Buddipole as an Inverted V?
Will transmitting on this antenna cause problems?
Merging gnuradio generated python code into the Python web server
How should two loopstick antennas be placed w.r.t each other to maximize transmission?
No module named 'gnuradio'
Can my neighbors ham radio station be preventing my TV antenna from proper reception?
No module named _osmosdr_swig
How does a Faraday cage block an EMP?
Is it possible to have multiple people talking on the same radio channel at the same time?
SDR as an oscilloscope
Better SWR bandwidth
Where did the LP to BP transformation $ \frac{\omega ^{2}-\omega_0^{2}}{\omega\cdot BW} $ come from?
Can I capture stereo IQ signals from WebSDR?
No module named 'analog_swig'
Propagation Analysis with WSPR / RBN
Relative computational requirement for various digital modes?
Why is my calculation for added length of coax for a double cross antenna different to everyone else's?
What type of antenna is this?
Audio being sent over ground pin on audio jack
Can I connect a 75 ohm antenna to a 50 ohm radio?
What's the issue with stainless steel antenna elements?
Frequency Display for Old Tube Radio
How do I design a dual band LPDA antenna?
House wiring as an antenna on HF and 2 meters?
advice needed for balanced line terminals
Dipole loading coil winding directions?
Mismatched Radios: A Baofeng UV-5R & a Cobra ACXT 645
Somewhat-directional (cardioid?) antenna for receiving ADS-B?
How does the height above ground of a VHF/UHF receive antenna affect the r-f voltage at its output terminals?
Heathkit SB-102 Plate Current out of control
Understand Radio Pattern of a WIFI antenna
Need help understanding the gain on antenna pattern plots
How is working on DC high voltages as in a tube radio different from 120VAC?
Voltage vs. Current Balun for Dipole
Can a WiFi antenna be used for other 2.4 - 2.5 GHz applications?
What should I take into consideration when choosing a new antenna?
How to make simple AM detector using an LED?
Microwave kiln for glass
Unusual modulation
Trouble with osmocom source
Why have knife switch storm grounds for antennas vanished?
Required SSB sideband and carrier suppression?
How long would a radio last in storage?
EFHW works only on one band - what am I missing?
Why a capacitor is needed in Fuchs antenna?
What to take in consideration when buying an RTL SDR dongle? (Amateur)
What happens when you directly couple the transmitter antenna to the receiver antenna?
Has this regeneration control been done?
How to measuring ferrite core efficiency vs frequency
How can I decode SSTV with only macOS software?
What is the maximum and minimum of antenna gap of dipole antenna?
How to calculate impedance in antenna design's practice?
Is the Relay in ARRL still relevant?
Can the transmit and receive functions of a boat anchor transceiver share the tank circuit?
Problem to paralel tv digital reciever
Design/Build a DIY Audio Attenuator and Splitter
Can I use my US callsign to transmit while in El Salvador?
Understanding RG6-75 ohm Cable Impedance
Direwolf sends APRS transmission but it isn't being picked up by local digipeaters
CW skimmers and spotting networks?
How do I Construct a Simple FM Antenna?
Can I make a simple Tx/Rx antenna (Radio System) which will receive signal from BTS and broadcast/transmit it, and vice versa?
How much power does an RTL-SDR draw?
Is this antenna "system" really work?
How FEC works on GNU Radio
How to output a CW tone or a Broadband Noise in GnuRadio?
A gnuradio program that can output some arbitrary waveform read from a file containing I/Q values
Can I use a QFH antenna for transmission?
Why aren’t emergency services using callsigns?
Can anyone identify this military radio?
GNU Radio does not run flow graph
What does a receiver's noise reduction function do?
How can I determine the possible damages of transmission with detached antenna in portable ham radios?
How does the thickness of the radiator affect an antenna
How does a 1:4 current balun work?
Improve AM reception on an old Walkman that has no external antenna
Synchronizing HackRF Ones at a distance
Antenna system components in the rain
How to simulate two antennas in 4nec2
How does a higher antenna reduce rain static on a lower antenna?
Will a "crystal set" work with an untuned RF amp stage?
What the difference preamble and access code?
Antenna testing, minimizing feed-line radiation?
Isolator Frequency Range
Frequency for UHF hot spot in the US
What is the minimum legal requirement for logbook keeping in Ireland?
I/Q demodulation of DSBSC-AM signals
Received a QSL card with signal reports transposed. What to do?
Why does an RF Amplifier fail when the SWR is high?
How does the Maximum Power Transfer Theorem relate to RF power amplifiers?
communication with underground mines?
Fetching data from APRS-IS.net
First linear power supply build - design questions
Baofeng UV-9R Chirp Pinout
Can a butler matrix have variable phase shifters instead of fixed ones?
Capturing Bluetooth / WiFi on an SDR
uhd_packet_rx do not work
Request your expertise on ohm values from two identical headphone speakers
Dipole increased CM current using choke balun
UHF cubical quad VNA analysis interpretation
What is Spectral Subtraction for noise reduction?
Under what circumstances does intermodulation become an issue in a filter after LNA setup?
Error in an attempt to simulate SDR frontend hardware in GRC
Wiring a CW paddle and straight key to a TRS connector?
How to identify the mic connection pins in Heathkit SB-102?
Controlling the number of samples
Do these magnetic field measurements of end-fed and center-fed half-wave dipoles corroborate measurements made by antenna experimenters?
If I parallel two crystal filters together, will that double the bandwidth?
How to design constant impedance tracks on pcb
Validating a random gnuradio flowgraph exercise work
Vertical Antennas
Do lightning rods attract or do they help prevent lightning?
Does a UHF/VHF handheld transceiver kit exist?
What is the decimal in Morse Code?
Buying used tower
