upgrade old personal Server hardware
Need help on finding a good gaming laptop, within my budget range
Looking for an application development laptop
MediaCenter with through put of 20MB/s
Cheapest graphics card for starcraft
PSU under 100€ an entry level server
Need a PC that can Drive 4 Simultaneous Discrete Video Display Outputs
Tablet-like 12" Monitor with HDMI-In for Consoles
Graphics card help for my current desktop?
Seagate Hard Drive RPM
UHD compatible Graphic Card
Recommend me a good video card
Which i7 processor should I buy for compiling code?
Serial/RS-232 Button
Case fans: on PSU or SYS-FAN splitter?
Trackpoint Keyboard that fixes these problems
Computer that comes and runs with Free/Libre software only
A noise maker to assist with sleep
External android compass
Crossfire Compatibility MSi R7 370 4GB and 2GB
Motherboard with embeded CPU for HTPC
Motherboard for intel skylake mid-to-high-range gaming pc
WLAN router for 802.1X (RADIUS) testing
Yubi Key recommendations for my needs?
NAS (enclosure or complete solution) recommendation for home/small office
Special needs for KVM switch
big brand PCI graphics card win 10 compatible?
What's good GPU upgrade based on my current hardware?
Limit dB in headphones using an external device
Small scale integration single board computer?
What 2-in-1 is suited for high level graphic designers?
Good casual gaming laptop
Deep Learning workstation advice
Is single thread performance of a CPU more important than overall performance for daily use (watching movie, browsing, etc)?
Where can I buy a basic non-smart monochrome phone online? (long battery life)
Choosing CPU for general use
Choosing a motherboard + CPU combination upgrade
Wifi adapter for raspberry pi zero
Does using 2 way Crossfire allow you to use more screens?
What are the smallest mini-ITX cases available?
Pre-built mid-range gaming system under £600
Decent quality portable bluetooth speakers.
Hardware Configuration required to run Multi Node Hadoop on a Laptop
Which is best RAM for me to buy(since there are two different costing which another seller gave)?
Action Camera with built in GPS and mature API for programatic access to metadata
What to know to be able to effectively upgrade a graphics card
8GB graphics card upgrade for Mid 2012 Mac Pro
Confuse-a-cat : seeking dirt cheap, wheeled, programmable robot
Smartphone accessories/software for catching epileptic seizures
NFC motion sticker for monitoring breathing
Looking for a cheap skylake laptop with full-speed thunderbolt 3 and good cooling
Is there a good argument to buying the more-expensive overclocked version of a particular video/graphics card?
SBC for portable NAS
Intel i3 6100 compatible components for a non gamer?
Good Programming and Editing Computer for Under $1000
Laptop-sized Keyboard with Bluetooth, Wireless, & Wired
Upgradable Neural Network workstation on a budget of <1500€ (<$1660) for its first configuration
Micro ATX Motherboard with display port
Please recommend a motherboard for budget gaming build
Uninterruptible power management board for Computer, 15W output, Li-ion battery
Android Compatible Portable A4 Printer
Barcode POS terminal
Looking for programmable controller for linear actuators for use in a standing desk
Which disk is suitable for D-LINK DNS-320
An alternative to the Logitech F310 with vibration support?
Comfortable over-the-ear gaming headphones
Monitor with 4k, 120hz+, TN, G-Sync?
Hackable WiFi-enabled LED lightbulb
MicroSD Card High Speed Adapter?
I want to compare some external hard drives model and decide which to buy?
Are there any 802.11n+ 5GHz PCI wireless adapters with working drivers for windows 10?
Small, inexpensive tracking device for bikes
Budget bluetooth headphones
Screen replacement for Nexus 5X
PCI(e?) WiFi card
5.25" RAM-Disk which takes old DDR RAM
CPU Architecture
NUC like PC for 64 GB RAM
Speaker comparison for desktop
USB Drive with built in WiFi
High End Lightweight Laptop
What PSU Should I Get For A Mini-ITX Board
Recommend me a good gaming mouse?
Linux software ap card
Activity tracker that is worn around the neck
why plugin red audio jack in green audio jack does not work
need a workstation for a memory-bound application as cheap as possible
An Android rival for iPhone 5s?
Monitor for multimedia and programming
At 24", does a 4k resolution at 60 Hz offer a better "gaming experience" compared to a 1080p resolution at 144 Hz?
Split XBox Screen across multiple monitors
Good, CHEAP RGB backlit keyboard?
Blackberry-sized mini usb keyboard for RPI
External battery backup for mac mini's AC power cord
Recommendation for laptop for photo editing
Budget 2-in-1 for taking lecture notes
CPU (or IC) recommendation for independent use (without PC components) for Speech recognition and computer vision over Wifi
Is anyone still making Game Boy-style 2-bit monochrome screens?
1080P dual in car camera
2016 mid-range graphic card for game development
N900 Wi-Fi card that works with an N300 router
Fast(est) compatible CPU for Acer j87m motherboard
Internal fan controller with specific requirements
Lenovo Z50-70: possible upgrade
Backup my internal hard drive
Is there a motherboard that supports ARM processors?
UPS with pure sine wave
I want to choose an SSD for a laptop
Which laptop should I buy
Scaling problems with 4K / UHD / Retina / 3840x2160 screen
Verizon-compatible USB data card with send/receive SMS support
Are these components compatible?
Is reducing the number of active cores in my pc a good idea considering heat and battery troubles?
Switch SFP+, 16 100/1000Mb Ports, SNMP support, active cooling
Cisco dual routers
multiple Ethernet cards on one mother board
Choosing a CPU for gaming/development PC
Smartphone with maximum screen-to-body ratio
Unicable usb receiver with multiple tuners
External GPU with Mac OSX?
Car / bus 12 volt wifi router external storage
DVR/NVR device to connect various analog cameras
Is there a USB micro SD card reader in a sturdy metal keychain thumb drive form factor?
Remedies for new PSU not fitting into old case (but with extraneous space so it could be made fit)
Smart Home: controlled power receptacles
Charger for my Mac
Small computer with RS-232 and Ethernet
SSD vs SATA Drive
Intel Xeon E5 ES (engineering sample)
How better is the GTX 750 Ti over Intel HD Graphics 4600
Is dual-channel memory or PCIe NVMe SSD more important for overall performance?
How much practical benefit from SATA III to PCIe SSD upgrade if PCIe at half bandwidth?
Computer audio solution with sidetone
Help needed for Hardware Upgrade in order to bring the batch time down by 50%
Best Wireless Access Point for HOT environment
Portable device to show powerpoint and video content that is read only and offline
Small, cheap processor with true 9 data-bit UART and drivers
Laptop to work with image processing
Choice of laptop and processor for webserver
New Motherboard for SSD <Possible Crossfire>
Good CPU to replace my i5 CPU
Intel Pentium P4405 vs Intel Core i3-5005U
Lenovo Thinkpad E450 vs Acer V3-371 vs IdeaPad 500s-13
need compatible motherboard
Are there switches with a direct connection between two ports when the power is off?
Device to create a "personal acoustic zone" to prevent other from hearing what I say
What tempered glass will cover the Moto X Play fully?
Are mechanical keyboards too high/bulky for ergonomic typing?
What suits a frequent traveller needing excellent speakers, besides voltage transformers or USB speakers?
USB Type C hub / port replicator
Powerful Laptop with dedicated graphics card
Monitor for multimedia (22")
Inexpensive Electronic Task Board
external graphic card for pc(windows)
Android tablet with 10+ inch screen, 2 or 4 gb ram, GPS and 3/4G recommendation
Question if I have a dedicated or integrated graphics card and what is the difference?
What Dual CPU Processors are compatible with my Dell T7400 workstation /
XPS 15 9550 top configuration, is it a good choice according to my requirements?
Upgrading a Synology DS416slim NAS
What CPU should I get for general office use, under 100$
Good PC laptop for work and docking station (must be dock-able)
HDD 2.5" mobile rack without chipset, just direct connection to SATA
PCIe Network Card through USB-C
Soundbar 30" or under that doesn't have low volume dialog problems
Recommend me a powerful graphics card that will work with my motherboard
Looking for an adapter to go from HDMI to RCA Component 480p
Laptop with tapered keys (i.e. not chiclets) OTHER than gaming laptop
Taking advantage of Xeon E5-2670 prices and need a Motherboard
Single board computer with 2 GBit ethernet ports
External HDD or SSD for booting operating system from
Video Card for Xubuntu
Most Economical Personal Computer UPS
Popular game console that allows modding and reverse engineering
Recommend me a good motherboard for my PC
Replacement motherboard for an HP Pavilion P6-2280EA
dev board with 3 or more mipi-csi
Which VGA Card is best suited for ASUS H81M-C motherboard?
Most reasonable printer for hard plastic ID badges / business cards?
Graphic card replacement
What are the methods to reserve one SSD for only an operating system?
How to connect IDE HDD to motherboard with only SATA?
Building a computer science lab
Which GTX 1060 gaming laptop should I buy?
Looking for cheap mp3 player that has support for very large external memory capacity
Best approach to handle 8-12 cameras through one PC?
Wireless card on my Macbook Pro which support 802.11 ac
Which karaoke machine should I buy?
Wireless Client Bridge and POE PSE in one brick
Is there an Airport Extreme Card 802.11ac?
I need a mouse for my mom
Cheap and small server for home / small business installation
Any Raspberry Pi Alternatives with USB 3, Gigabit and maybe even SATA?
Raspberry PI for vending machine controller
What is a good mouse to use with a standing desk?
XBOX ONE S Screen
Lenovo 500s (8GB) vs Lenovo 510s(16GB)
What's a good replacement for a D-Link DNS-320 ShareCenter?
Need a new laptop that meets the following requirements
Memory compatibility
Narrow ILM cooler choice
Power supply advice - 550W range
Wi-Fi Adapter for PC
Laptop that can drive an external 4k monitor
Homemade NFC scanning antenna?
2D Barcode Scanner, with Bluetooth
Replace Hard Drive for an SSD - Suggestion?
Replace Hard Drive for an SSD - Suggestion?
Recommended Processor
Digital night-vision monocle
HBA with flash backed cache and FreeBSD driver? ( for use with FreeNAS)
ATX Motherboard with ATA password option and GNU/Linux compatibility
Recommended mechanical keyboard for gaming/typing
Colour laser printer
USB-IF Certified USB 3.x SuperSpeed External Self Powered 4+ Port Hub
Server for Parallel Programming
Microprocessor that can connect to the internet
Recommend me powerline wifi extension with 1 transmiter and many receiver
Better and cheaper Raspberry Pi alternative for BOINC
Need laptop for programming: durable, reliable, fast and long battery life
43"-50" 4k monitor for photo editing
A cloud-based security/alarm/access control solution
Is this i7 computer worth?
Looking for recommendations for external RAID enclosures
Is a dual core laptop worth it, or are there better alternatives?
Looking for a new Gpu card in my budget for gaming experience
Looking for a special graphics card
Computer for Home Business
Looking for a programable nanny cam
Fractal Design NODE 804 supports 10 drives. What micro-atx motherboards support this?
What's the fastest SSD for Front-End Development?
Graphics card for a coding desktop with three displays
Looking for router that can handle 3TB exFAT / HFS+ external HDD
External Bootable C:\ Drive for Windows
Label printer for printing labels from computer
Thin Client Laptop
Macbook Pro 2016 for iOS Development?
Laptop for 3D Design and Modelling
What CPU goes well for rendering / gaming on a RX 470 aside from the i3 6100?
USB sound card with line in
Powerful non-gaming 17.3'' laptop
Wireless bridge with AP
Which laptop for Linux with 4k external monitor?
Which computer to buy out of the following 3?
Router that would connect to 2 ISPs and mobile hotspot to provide quality service?
USB 3.1 Gen 2 hub for 2016 MacBook Pro
Headphones for big head?
Battery case with data throughput
After the training phase, is it better to run neural networks on a GPU or CPU?
Deciding between computer, laptop or tablet-hybrid
What are the options for a quiet PC that can address a 2560x1600 pixels monitor
Best Mechanical Keyboard for £100($125/€118 - Cherry MX Brown/Red)
what is the best solution for a single board camera module
Refurbished Acer AMD A10-7800 Desktop
Need a modern SATA controller for 12 drives (end of 2016)
SSD Boot Drive Upgrade, considerations
A laptop with 512 ssd and 32gb ram within 1000-1300$ range?
Drive to store very small amount of data
Android HTML5 pocket printer
Recommendation for new public display
TCP client/server with monitoring
Suggestions to improve Google Sheets performance on laptop
PC Desktop build for Blender 3d around $3000 USD
Range extender via ethernet rather than WiFi
see-through screen to replace foils for checking printed materials?
Small projector for watching movies/playing game
FreeNas Support Hareware And Software
Looking for reliable wireless printer for redistribution
Ethernet to HDMI output
Is it possible to connect a TV to a PC surround sound system
Long lasting tower for 70+ couple
i7 4770 Cheap Deal vs i7 6700
Can I Use Two RAMS of Different Size in Laptop?
Small, inexpensive offline device with camera for storing secure information
Adding a wireless NIC to a Debian router
Curved Monitors Triple Monitor Setup
Laptop: self contained multimedia center
Decision on Router for small business(es)
Access Point with multi-SSID support
USB3 Hub with Individual Toggles (Switches) for each Port
Power Bank Recommendation
Which of these two laptops is better?
Budget processor that supports hardware virtualisation
I7 Build I am conflicted
Urgently choosing SDD - need advice!
Low-Power Home Server
Graphic card which supports 1xUDH and 2xFull HD output
Recommendation Between HDD and SSD for Web Server
Wearable sleep aid
Replacing ArecaRAID ARC-1231ML
Intel i3/i5 AIO with wall mount
Asus motherboard in the $50-$150 range
Headphones input switch
USB powered Headphone Amplifier/Splitter w/ Separate Volume Control
Advice on a HDD/SDCard docking station
difference between strength of laptop and desktop PC (for render)?
Is there a portable or travel wireless router that supports 5GHz 802.11ac that can be powered via USB?
Mini displayport to HDMI adapter that does 4k at 60hz
Programming/gaming mechanical keyboard with large enter key + backlight
PCIe v2.0 -> PCIe 3.0 for 10GbE network card?
Can I use an external HD with OS X as an internal boot disc?
HD68 -> HD68 SCSI Cable with angle
PCI(e?) Wireless Card - Allows multiple connections to single router
Device that allows the use a stenomask without having to hold it with one's hand
Fanless mini-itx motherboard with a 4x-16x PCI-e slot for OpenBSD project?
Outdoor Webcam for low temperatures and fog
Comparison Between Servers
Portable gaming notebook that has to be bought in the months december 2016 and january 2017
Wireless presenter with the shortest travel distance and lowest actuation force possible
Cheap, modern tape backup drive?
Motherboard for photo processing
GPD Win alternatives for hand-held Steam gaming?
1U Dell or other NVME m.2 / u.2 Capable RAID server Advice Needed
Specific recommendation for a new laptop
Seeking a replacement for an Athlon II X2 240
Replacement for old Radeon HD 4870 1-Gb 256 bit GDDR5
Universal Laptop Power Supply (Multiple Output Plugs) Daily Use
Why is there such a price difference between two seemingly identical drives
Motherboard that supports Intel Skylake Core i7 CPU with Iris Pro 580 graphics
How many gflops does 4 way sli titan x pascal have?
On-ear wireless (non-Bluetooth) headphones with duplex high-quality audio?
What is an affordable cheap Linux box you could recommend?
3.5mm to Bluetooth converter with support for both audio and microphone
Decent, simple audio interface / external soundcard?
minimum PC hardware specification to reproduce 1080i at 30 fps
Looking for in-ear headphones that have a very durable wire
What specifications does a router need to run well while acting as an OpenVPN server via dd-wrt?
Can 2 different model rams can run well together?
Small Business Firewall - ZyXEL v. Fortinet
Is there a non-x86 processor that can be purchased by the average joe individually?
BD-R XL vs External HDD for storage of data of long life span?
Wireless HDMI transmitter / receiver for less than 100€
Smartphone - not great experience with Xperia Z2, what model to get as its replacement?
Recommended Computer for Statistician or M.S./PhD Statistics Student
Is there a "lite" version of the Yamaha RX-V679(BL)?
Will a capacitive pen work with a moto G phone?
Is there such a thing as a Schleptop? (small, portable desktop-ish)
How to keep / lock USB in place
Intel i7 6700k cooler
What keyboards have the most programmable keys?
Plugging a 3-cable 5.1 speaker system into a single 3.5mm jack
How to determine if I can just upgrade the CPU or if have to upgrade the whole motherboard?
My TV only has SCART connector, how can I hook it to my computer?
Device to view TV shows and movies stored on a hard drive in an organized manner
Which GPU Should I buy for Deep Learning Project
GTX 1080 or Titan X Pascal?
pascal based nvidia graphic card with GDDR5x and less than 160W power consumption
Indoor camera with night vision and no Internet access
Good amp for bookshelf 6 ohm speakers
Compact, lightweight detachable laptop (or Windows tablet with keyboard accessory) with high sustained performance and long battery life
Mid/high end graphic card with no power draw from PCIe slot (6/8pin only)
What hard drive connector is this?
1440p (WQHD) monitor with an IPS panel
What external touchpads work on Ubuntu?
Recommend me a wireless logitech headset
Voltmeter with USB/RS232
Document scanner that respects limited desktop space
Tiny motherboard with full functionality?
Need a laptop for VMs/office work
Case fan that works with the motherboard controls
Which combination of Pen and touch-enabled laptop are compatible with Photoshop?
Compact mATX case for NAS system with four 3.5" drives
Thinkpad x220 or a chromebook?
Should I upgrade my computer?
Split keyboard with duplicated keys
low power computer I can use for DIY NAS with Crashplan
Alienware or Macbook Pro? Which one is worth it?
Server to workstation recommendations and ideas
Looking for a small analog pointing device, suitable for attaching to a tented split keyboard
Fastest device to perform single-threaded SHA256 hashing
Belt-mounted remote with ~5 buttons to communicate with Unity application
MAC Address spoofing/cloning wireless router
Linux Supported Webcam for OpenCV
Processor socket, 2011-v3, 1151 or 1150?
Micro USB splitting cable that allows charging and reads standard USB simultaneously (Samsung Tab S2)
Dual screen support on Android tablet
IC chip which can send a different IR signal from multiple pins
Ubuntu compatible wireless trackball keyboard
PC Chassis for MSI Motherboard?
Speech recognition box that can act as a keyboard
Web development laptop up to 1300 USD
Scale USB / Wireless / Bluetooth Connected
A product to watch 3D on a non-3D TV
An inside-out tracking VR headset
External CD Drive That Doubles For Sata Access
Laptop for developers (2017)
Which Dell laptop is best for rendering - Alienware with a GTX 1070 or a Precision with Quadro?
Thermostat independently controlling and registering heat use for multiple zones with remote on/off?
Memories compatible with Samsung 4GB DDR3 PC3-12800 1600MHz
Smart cards for encrypting/decrypting using AES or TripleDES or RSA?
Recommendations for Building a Linux Laptop on a Budget
Looking for a powerful 14" laptop that is not marked as gaming (as it should be used in office)
Hot-swappable DC power high availability component
Does a tap to click mouse exist
Graphics card to support UHD (4k) HDR screen over HDMI
Low Budget with AM1 vs FM2 vs LGA1151
What's a pair bluetooth headsets that doesn't vibrate/make noise when low battery?
External HDD. Very slim. Max 10 mm. 1-2 TB
Large, reliable external HDD for permanent storage
PC Configration for File Copying
Suggestions on inexpensive WiFi equipment that can route specified SSID to specified port?
PCI SATA cards for old tower PCs
Desktop case that allows powering up only one of two HDDs/SSDs
Free/libre WLAN router
Low-resolution USB webcam
hands-free Android NFC reader
Fingerprint scanner with off-device matching
Linux-compatible RGB-supporting video capture card
Cheap Wifi Router with built-in 4G modem and openvpn support
Sensible embedded board and SIM module to switch heating on and off in response to text messages
Which manufacturer produces mice with high durability buttons?
Graphics Card for GA-970A-DS3P motherboard
Small and cheap mini-PC to install Linux (no desktop environment) and a development LAMP webserver
Which Dedicated Server for FFMPEG?
An iPhone 7 charging case which plugs into Lightning cables
An unbreakable iPhone charging cable
Which (better Intel) CPU gives the highest per-core speed?
Headphones you can't blow out
4K Monitor for programming
Faster SSD (PCIe) vs faster processor
How to choose suitable fiber cables for this HDMI Extender?
Recommend graphics card for setup
Why are these Micro-ATX motherboards different sizes
Internal Hard Drive Switcher
Looking for external monitor comparable to my MacBook Retina display
Small, cheap processor with serial port and internet access
Pockethernet or other network testing tool
Raid Enclosure Interface
Looking for wireless earbuds that do not stick into the ear canal
Portable audio player
Cheapest possible computer capable of backing up an IPhone 7
Which vinyl / plastic label printers work well with Cups Server (on Ubuntu)?
Where to Obtain an Expansive Thunderbolt 3 Port Expander Suitable for Mobile Use With a MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar and Touch ID?
Tablet for reading and writing notes
USB3.0 or Type-C Portable Monitors with MacBook Pro 13" (Mid-2012)
Looking for a heavyweight linux/dual boot laptop
A product to turn an iPhone into an OTA portable TV
An HDMI stick that works on the 5 GHz WLAN network?
Cheap CCTV/IP Camera to work with raspberry pi MotionEyeOS Or own its own software
Tracking employee location
Super low power WiFi server
I need a extremely small display for a chip computer
Handheld device for programming
Looking for a storage case for multiple hard drives
Active 2.0 (or 2.1) speakers for (older) video game consoles
What's an ideal center monitor in a ~23" triple monitor setup for 90+/10-% productivity/gaming?
A wireless projector both for Windows & macOS?
A touch screen TV with YouTube app
KVM solution for 2 computers to switch 6 monitors (2x3) with DisplayPort connections
Small USB monitor
Low-cost mutlifunction printer/scanner that can perform 2-sided scans
What USB to IDE adapter that can send the ATA Secure Erase command?
Device Sharing over USB with remote, programmatic control (not a button)
Standard ATX power supply but powered from 12V
Gigabit Switch for Home LAN
FOSS-friendly Bluetooth TMC device
Small LineageOS phone, either cheap or rugged
Choosing a back-up smartphone
RGB light with case and cable for Raspberry PI
Simple audio mixer
How to choose between GeForce GTX 1080 graphics cards?
Which is a better NAS : Synology DS216+II or QNap TS251+
Cheapest microcontroller with wi-fi
Which smartwatches have autorestart timers?
What kind of output is this?
Cheapest user-friendly 3D printer
A long-distance wireless charging product
I want to project 2 input to 3 floors
Recommendation for switch with 4 or more 10GbE SFP+ ports
Macbook Pro 15" vs Macbook Pro 14"
Male USB C to Female USB C right-angle adapter
What does the latter in the ram description mean?
Robust laptop with SSD
How do the razer key switches compare to cherry mx?
Replacement for Moto X 2nd gen (2014)
Multi monitor frustration
DVI to DisplayPort, at 1080p@144hz
Pure Android device with 2GB+ RAM in the size of an iPhone SE?
Single board PC with HDMI input and output
What does "fully wired" mean when buying a PSU?
i7-4600U and virtual machines
USB endoscope camera
Give Wi-Fi access to a big number of users
What is this cable, PSU to SATA, [img]?
Looking for PC upgade
Picking the right future proof graphics card
16 ports rackable gigabit switch(es) for 10 inches wall mounting cabinet: does it even exist?
Small USB drive with hardware write-protection switch
Adapter between PCIe versions/sizes?
Alienware X51 & SSD & Kubuntu
Motherboard recommendations
Recommendation for Laptop for College?
A mobile hotspot that entitles you to free monthly data
A VoIP home phone that enables free unlimited calling
Convenient portable hardware for temporary physical access?
Router for small apartment
NVIDIA SLI Power Supply Recommendation
UL certified, DMX compatible programmable LED controller
New tower system
SSD: Samsung MZ-NTY2560 but with 512GB
High Resolution Webcam and Projector for Near-Blind Individual
Outdoor Bluetooth scanner
GPU linux workstation
Metal top gaming mouse?
Cheap 120FPS Camera sensor
NVIDIA SLI Bridge recommendation
Horizontal smartphone stand wanted
A small but moderately powerful graphics card?
Pocket-sized Android phone with big battery and good camera
Soundcard for music production beginner: internal or external?
Live system (notebook) running database for 10y
Network Video Recorder
Suggestion for new vga Card under ubuntu 16.04 and other linux distros?
classic keyboard in modern laptop?
Graphic Card For Watching 4K Videos Without Gaming
Printer with good photo printing and ciss
Multi-port, 100W @ 5A, USB-C charger
Headless Home Server w/ Ubuntu Server - Resilio Sync - RClone
Advanced Passive Cooling Solution Needed (for Xeon Phi)
Two Audio Sources -> One set of speakers
Headset with Bluetooth and Wired
Comparing two GTX 1070 GPUs for deep learning tasks
Alienware R3 15 or Dell XPS 15
Looking for a Small Used/New End User Android phone with Minimal Bloatware under $200
Laptop CPU fan replacement
E-Reader for PDF files optimized for printing
Recommended hardware for ffmpeg/vlc
Laptop for light video editing, programming etc
Laptop recommendation for 2 monitors at home, drawing, programming and occasionally gaming
6x Dual Slot GPUs on SM 2028GR-TRHT
System to format at least 10 laptop SATA drives
HDD for Videos storage
Hardware addition to keep laptop temprature low
Laptop for developer
i7-4790 vs i7-4790K
Recommended enterprise server for build, CI and CPU intensive tasks
Smart Watch - record and playback audio without phone?
Pen Only Tablet
Universal power adapter for Europe grounded
Which tablet with a lot of sensors (proximity, pressure,...)?
USB 3.0 and USB 2.0 powered hub
vector tiles server
Camera with gsm card and facebook client
HDD connector for laptop hardidsk to PC
What should keep in mind while researching a projector to purchase?
Suitable power supply for my system
Build a introductory level PC for machine learning
Ethernet switch and usb-hub in one device
HDD Toshiba or Western digital for install PS4 games?
GPU and CPU support for Fedora Linux?
2-in-1 (detachable keyboard) for office work with good multitasking ability
I'm trying to enable disk mirroring on a Thermaltake blacX duet, but it won't recognize the mirroring
How to get best wifi range out of a smartphone in a portable way?
Looking for a budget monitor
5V or 12V ARM board with USB3 host + USB3 OTG?
Cheap 4 port KVM switch with emulated (or better) keyboard + mouse
TV white space transmitters and receivers
Banana Pi M3 vs Asus Tinker Board
Android TV box like Sunvell T95Z
What are the minimal requirements for my speakers?
Are active styluses (for tablets) generally compatible across OEMs?
Advice for low power consumption motherboard for pfSense firewall with almost 3 lan (Alix 2d13, Apu2c4 or others)
What reliable HDD to buy for private data archive, 1.5 - 2TB
Non-gaming video card and KVM
How significant is the difference between Western DIgital Red and Purple for CCTV footage?
A Universal Remote that detects what devices are On or Off
Cheapest available positional tracking VR headset
Small Case for full size graphics card + swappable hdd
Inexpensive flat device with A4 or similar screen
Home Weather Station
Integrated Amp Configuration
desktop computer with 2 ethernet ports and 6 or 8 cores
PC Benchmarking for QGIS?
Router with high receiver sensitivity?
Recommendations for Linux Laptop 2017
Weird noise from laptop?
Suitable Router for +70 User
Desktop PC Xeon CPU Optane SSD
I need a recommendation for a low cost graphic design laptop
World's smallest digital camera under $600 with an optical viewfinder?
a good ethereum mining GPU
Mini ATX with 4k @60Hz
Budget phone with NFC
2 in 1 expansion cards?
Can a graphics card revive an old pentium 4 PC?
portable hand scanner works with ipad (for eldery person)
What WiFi router brands or models are considered to be secure?
Uninterruptible Power Supply for Intel Nuc?
Question about replacing hard drive on laptop
Deterministic keyboard
How can I use an external hard drive as an internal one virtually?
What is the best wifi adapter to replace/upgrade the ASUS ROG G750JM's internal wifi adapter?
Large external hard drive
Looking for recommendations on a router than can survive in a factory-like environment
i3 3100T power consumption
Boost Neighborhood Wireless Reception
What is the difference between Dell XPS 15 1637sv2 (starting $999) and Dell XPS 15 1641sv2 (starting $1,349)?
Wired, Light up, Keyboard with chiclet keys and no internet
Hardware for a pfSense router with 1000Mbps connection
Active noise cancelling headphones with decent passive as well
Is underclocked Xeon e3-1230v3 the same as e3-1230Lv3?
need sata raid box/enclosure
Android tablet with pen input
SSD, better to choose kingston, crucial or western digital?
I need a recommendation for a cheap laptop for graphic design
16 gb ram upgrade beneficial for photoshop?
Electronic Deadbolt for Door
Is this PC build OK and compatible
Is there an inexpensive tablet with a stylus that can handle large PDFs for markup?
Input device that mimics wiimote to use as mouse?
Gaming laptop to buy?
Is the GeForce 940MX good enough for graphic design?
Bluetooth 5 adapters
Laser printer for PCBs
MacBook for iOS development
Mini PC - low power cunsumption - fanless - running 24*7 - Ubuntu 16.04 LTS 64-bits
Recommended Computer/ Server for Statistician (budget $10000-15000)
Alternatives to UPS to protect a computer from unstable electricity
LAN to WIFI Adaptor
Is there a headset/headphones that can differentiate up from down?
SOC with more than 4Gb ram?
Simple Camera or webcam to take pictures from a fixed location
A multigang extension with rotated sockets (UK)
Where do I get a NEWLY manufatured computer terminal device?
Recommendation for Wireless earbud suitable for dynamic sports
Weather station with API access
A Thunderbolt 3 adapter for M.2 SSD
PCI-E Riser Card Cable?
How can I create a rack with PCs
How useful is the 160$ laptop/notebook?
Buying a new laptop: 32 GB RAM at 2133 MHz or 2400 MHz for $45 more?
Laptop for coding
Manageable Router with multiple wifi networks capability
Build a Timing system (RFID)
USB Headset: 2x circumaural with mic
2-in-1 phablet/laptop - detachable keyboard, long battery life, 3G/4G sim slot
Linear, durable and programmable mouse?
Need AMD motherboard with AM3 socket that can handle more than 75 watt TDP
2TB NAS HDD Power Supply Recommendations
Which mini external speaker has louder output?
What is the cheapest PC compatible with Oculus Rift?
M.2 drive with 200,000 IOps R/W
Laptop config with GPU for Mobile Linux Computer Vision?
Advice for amll GIS shop looking to replace network bottlenecks
CPU recommendation for a GPU workstation, the following Intel comparison?
A single modem/wireless router that can create/share three Wi-Fi networks, each of which are to separate connections?
1 USB device, 1 USB host, ability to copy/paste text
Compact keyboard with mechanical switches
Can someone recommend a low-cost Linux computer with a HDD and some RAM expandability?
AMD Radeon HD 6630M external display maximal resolution (will 2560x1440 work?)
Why are DisplayPort KVMs so awful?
What laptop suits me?
Cannot locate memory from QVL ASUS Z97I-PLUS
Can one get hardware quotations by hardware features online?
External sound card/mixer that act as 7.1 surround system
Ubuntu/Linux tablet or laptop that can support Active Digitizer Pen Pressure Input?
Silent cooler recommendation for the i3-7100?
Bluetooth Rechargeable Mouse that uses AA batteries
Micro PC for Streaming Content
TS140 Lenovo ThinkServer i3-4150 CPU upgrade LGA 1150 i3-4150 to e3-1276v3 or e3-1226v3?
A reasonably-priced Thunderbolt PCIe enclosure
Where can I buy Intel Atom processor
Wireless mouse with rechargable battery
How can I upgrade my Laptop Asus X553 MA Pentium Quad-Core N3540 2.16 GHz ~ 2.66 GHz Processor
Document Scanner with specific modes
Raspberry or clone with 2x sata port
Whole home wifi system
Battery powered multi-camera outdoor home surveillance system where all video streams can be displayed on 1 screen
Secure switch for network monitorring
Laptop with 7 row keyboard layout
Which matte or very low glare large size (30"/35") monitor?
Secure EuroDOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem
Network Adapter to make PC 802.11ad compatible
SATA cable to USB 2.0 adapter
ipad sized notebook/tablet with e-ink screen and keyboard?
Dual monitor Docking Station for work and personal computers
2-in-1 convertible with numpad, 8 threads and discrete graphics card
IOS external dac
Should I get a radiator with 2x140mm fans or 3x120mm fans
Multi sim card slots Mobile WIFI Router
Linux compatible LTE/4G modem WITH voice and texting support
Aerial drone with maximal flight time
Recommendation for a Ryzen cooler
LGA1366 Motherboard compatiable with Xeon E5640 Quad Core CPU?
Best laptop, under $1000, for sturdiness and durability, not necessarily performance
KVM that supports dual (or even triple) monitors, 3 USB inputs for two machines
AMD Radeon HD 7670 4GB vs AMD Radeon HD 7770 4GB vs AMD Radeon R7 350 4GB vs Nvidia GTX 650 4GB for Budget Gaming PC
Can I change laptop 's quad core processor with dual core processor?
Keyboard with detachable cable and usb hub
ASROCK Fatal1ty X370 motherboard: Compatibility SSD
Looking for a programming/development aluminum laptop
USB power meter
Wifi hardware to improvement network
Mechanism to close a small gate using Arduino
I have a DELL leap top from 2015: should I buy a new one or upgrade?
Quantum Chemistry Laptop
Bluetooth HID device
Playing audio on many headphones from a single laptop - need amp?
Bluetooth Headset that works well with Windows
Camcorder for filming ballrom dance
Monitor stand that supports 3 30'' monitors
Linux Wireless 802.11ac PCIe adapter?
Need a tablet or smart note pad interface for medical physician
Is this DP -> DVI adapter active or passive?
X370 motherboard: Power Supply Usage
I need a really good computer that I can get built for Blender 3D rendering and gaming
Ruggedized enclosure for 3.5" hard drives
Wired (+wireless) Gaming Router Recommendations
Searching for Rackmount hardware - raspberry pi 2 performance lookalike
ASROCK Fatal1ty Motherboard X370: Memory support
Best USB drive to run OS on
TV set without internet?
Browse the web on a non-internet TV
Replacement Cooler For Asus 760 OEM 3GB Graphics Card
Is there a monitor stand for 2 monitors that can rotate together?
What is eGPU and what is it for?
Monitor with low screen temperature
motherboard with three or four sata3 ports , socket compatible with cheap processor (for a diy NAS)
What video port should I get for optimum resolution?
Computer that would last 100 years
HW+SW combo to comfortably connect to NAS and Netflix
eGPU for Deep Learning on MacBook
Headphone similar to Sennheiser PX95
6 Button Mouse Under $30
Android smartphone with SD and FM
Low priced mechanical keyboard with en-gb layout and blue switches (cherry)
Noise-canceling headphones with audio player
How can i use my dual monitor setup with my Home Desktop and also my work Laptop
Temporarily GPU Suggestion Purchase
RFID solution for reading multiple tags
Small monitor for laptop with touchscreen
PC laptop without vents in the bottom?
144 Hz IPS monitor which pass Lagom.nl Sharpness test
Upgrade HDD to SSD for Dell Inspiron 5558
Hardware selection for NVIDIA Titan Xp
Laptop [1000 - 1500e] for 3D modeling, animating and rendering on Blender
Which configuration do I choose for my laptop?
Hardware that can scan double-sided paper documents into individual PDF files
RAM recommendation
Professional Cards for Light Gaming
Choice of single-board computer for video output in embedded system
Choosing an Intel processor (i7/i5)
Buying new smartphone
Future-proof eGPU enclosure for Macbook
Workstation for Deep Learning in Pakistan
Remote Whiteboards
Looking for a new laptop
UHD+ Touchscreen for Content Creation
gprs gsm gps tracker device for web application
Compatibility of the processor with the motherboard
Ryzen 5 or 7 CPU for Davinci Resolve 14
Paid Laundry Coin-Free
Usb C Male to Wall outlet or Dell charger?
VM server for testing purposes
Stock Android phone
half mini/mini PCIe to PCIe Adapter
Compact camera under $300 manual controls
building new pc for coding requirements
Monitor for vision impaired person
Best Laptop for 3D Modeling and Numerical Computing
Assistance building a computer. Check my build and needs
Embedded linux alternatives to Raspberry Pi: corruption-proof on power removal
Which of these (Antec vs Seasonic) PSU's should I go for
Correct Power Supply Unit?
Best Android phone for £150 or less?
Device Designed for Inputting-Thoughts/Thinking
Need help picking out a specific motherboard
Looking for a wireless router with a USB-port that can share a connected flash drive's files so they can be viewed with a browser using http, no ftp
Which used laptop meets these requirements best?
Help me choose an external (USB 3.0) hdd
What is exactly GPU dimension
What make of RAM would compliment my existing one?
What would be the best choice for me between a laptop and a desktop pc?
Suggestions for storage pc
How to record 5-8 RCA A/V inputs on Linux? (24/7)
Chromebook or laptop for programming
SmartPhone that can have two SIM cards in EU
Which PSU for an ASRock Z170 EXTREME 7+ motherboard with many hard drives?
PC monitor for gentle eyes
Upgrade for LGA775
Mainboard Recommendations For Built Computer Meant For Rendering (And Gaming)
HDD vs SSD for semi-frequent backups
A smartphone with an unlockable bootloader (Sept 2017 edition)
LED Lighting Automation + Bluetooth
SAS/SATA PCIe Controller Card
Vrm Heatsink recommendations
Recommandations for small warehouse RFID management with detectors including batteries
Best GPU for Blender 3D Rendering?
CPU and GPU for high-end terminal server balanced against low energy consumption, and low heat
Two sided paper scans with Epson WorkForce ES-400
Adapter to use USB Flash drive as hard drive
IT Networking: Tiny managed 2-port network switch?
Looking for Gaming Machine, Laptop or Desktop
System requirements in laptop for a student Autocad 3D
Aspects of choosing an ebook reader for pdf files
Beaglebone Black Upgrade
PC for Animation and Film software - Maya, Nuke, Houdini, Cubase
Wired USB connected foldable keyboard with mouse?
Cheap PC with 8GB of RAM
Best wearable / sensor to measure ppg and/or gsr
Is there a audio wireless home system
Cheap 1080 or expensive 1070?
GPS on Android OS
DIY 4-Port Gbit and Wifi router
Dial-up hardware for server side
Looking for IoT device for an unmanned site so customers can send a support email
Monitor recommendation for programmer
choosing motherboard and 1U server case
Laptop with smaller spacebar
Cheapest unlocked 4G Android phone in the UK (October 2017)
2xGPU configuration upgrade
Desktop build for 3 or 4 monitors
Computer is far away from my desk: Is it possible to wireless connect a display monitor to it? How?
headphone or earphone that can completely block any noise
Drone which lifts an iPhone in the air
HDMI to Ethernet and vice versa
Ethernet switch with ports at the front and back
Router that can connect to a wifi network and create a new wifi network
Coax to CAT5 Converter?
2 computers, 2 monitors to extend displays, and a wireless keyboard and mouse
PC suggestion for Video editing
Searching Single-board computer
What to upgrade first from an ancient system
What KVM matrix switch to buy for 2 computers and 2 monitors?
Ryzen Motherboard with ECC support
What type of SSDs can be put in this laptop?
Antenna for WiFi card to boost WiFi signal
Choosing monitor for gaming
Power bank for gaming laptop
Kaby Lake i5 or Coffee Lake i3
Buying a Windows laptop, then install Linux on it?
Best All-In-One monitor
What monitor size and resolution for analyzing Lidar data
Is there any router or set ups that can use 2 ISPs?
Determining memory compatibility
SSD for Linux system with Linux virtual machines
Projector with Build-in Desktop PC
Connecting thunderbolt 3 laptops to QHD display?
Access control system for a club
SDHC for the Wii
How to add a touch screen overlay to a laptop to provide a cheap touch screen solution
Audio DSP that can capture and output on the ultrasonic range
Surface pro 4 usb alternative
Laser Dry Electrostatic vs Indirect Electrostatic photographic
Pixel 2 XL multi function dock, or fitted sleeve
Android device (phone/tablet) that has a display that can be easily viewed in direct sunlight
Are there any large 4K TVs on the market which have DisplayPort ports?
Server KVM via ethernet
Best Power Supply Unit for Blender Cycles Rendering?
Best RAM for Blender Cycles Rendering for PC I'm Getting Built?
Persistent Storage for Blender Cycles Rendering for PC
Small printer+scanner with very good support for Ubuntu
Is there such a thing as a hard drive with two interfaces where you can use both at once?
What device can I get or configure that extends existing WiFi networks without creating new ones?
Is the Samsung S27E330 a good monitor choice for me?
CPU upgrade for heavy IDE (Visual Studio)
Small and thin GPS Transmitter
USB-C Hub/Splitter for Phone
Device to provide wan over wifi
Router supporting hierarchical prefix delegation
Linux-compatible USB temperature & humidity logger
Programmable Bluetooth router
I want to upgrade my GTX 580 to something that could handle 2 4k screens. Can I do that?
What hubs to use for USB 3.1 gen 1?
A very large computer case
USB stick (pen drive) w/ Type-C connector & USB 3.1 speed
Threadripper X399 motherboard: questions about PCI lanes and RAID
Connecting a Laptop and Desktop to 3 monitors
good monitor for linux photo editing
What is the opposite of a glossy display?
PCIe SSD, SATA SSD or Hard disk drives for a 10-workers server?
Such a thing as a "subtitle screen"?
"Inverse dome" key caps
Comparing two GTX 1070s for Mining
Low profile PCI-E 5ghz wireless card on Linux?
Choosing a Laptop
Tablet pen that doesnt need a conductive surface/touch the tablet
Cheap, reasonable 3TB internal HDD
Label Maker or printer for bulk production of product description stickers?
Screenless Non-Portable Music Player with digital output
Cheap gimbal and action camera for hexacopter
13" Laptop with anti-glare display
What is the most powerful processor you can use for an Alienware 17 R3 laptop?
Arduino compatible Bluetooth Cat. 1 module
UHD vs HDR vs QLED vs?
What backlit ergonomic wireless keyboards options are out there?
How to connect external SSD to Mac so it doesn't lose speed?
New Laptop with good specs
Fast and cheap RAID HDD?
Budget Programming and Image Editing laptop under 300 Euros (Spain)
Recommended notebook for coding and music production
Please suggest a b350 motherboard with good on-board sound
Mounting options for mounting a monitor or display above other monitors
Telephony/Communication (PBX) hardware for small company
Usb type c Splitter
Xeon 2011-3 motherboards that support *unbuffered* (non-registered) ECC RAM?
Best CPU Generation to work with 2 GTX 960 4GB in SLI?
Single USB Speaker with Built-in Sound Card and Microphone
What is a price efficient parallel number crunching server?
Looking to upgrade my CPU while avoiding the Intel Management Engine or AMD Platform Security Processor
Is there an Apple Mighty Mouse alternative?
Best SSD disk for Dell Inspiron 7720
Budget GPU for Ryzen 5 1600 on ASUS PRIME X370-PRO to play 4k video?
How to use NVLink instead of PCIe / Override PCIe Lanes?
AMD vs Intel prices?
8 port managed switch with good ACL capability?
Access point for small business hotspot
Looking for device with following capabilities
can I charge New MacBook Pro 2016 with use Apple iPad 12W USB Power Adapter since they are all usb c?
M.2 NVMe x4 adapter card for PCIe x1 slot
Max Output Voltage preamplifier
What motherboard should I get to upgrade my Cisco Ironport s360s motherboard
What laptop should I buy for rendering/3d modeling?
Let's discuss on the parts of my friend's new PC build
Budget Microcontroller for large WS2812B strand
Building my 4k Ready VR Ready PC
Two-in-one that can handle casual gaming, productivity applications, web browsing, and programming?
Looking for an A4-wide cabled portable thermal direct printer, can be old
Is it possible to flash MB BIOS pre CPU POST?
Do wireless cables exist?
What processor should I choose?
Dual GPUs for dual monitors, benefits?
What is PSU that I need?
Motherboard for Intel i5 4440 LGA 1150
Base for Laptop/Projector
CPU for a budget photo/video editing machine (Lightroom, Davinci Resolve)
Best monitor for a gtx 1070
21" monitor recommendation
Looking for write-hardened USB with high longevity
Unsupported graphics card and no USB 3 on old desktop. Should I upgrade the hardware or replace the whole PC?
24 volt Windows PC with built in screen
Want a Dream Tablet, with data plan, rooted to run Linux distro
GTX 980M 8GB vs GTX 1070 8GB for a new gaming/workstation laptop?
Choosing PC for Programming. Fastests C++ app build
Should I get CPU cooler?
External USB graphic card display adapter to VGA for Ubuntu 14.04 LTS
Looking for USB flash drive with its Removable Media Bit set
laptop with good memory
Printers for UX designers
Mini-ITX case with 10 SATA hot swap bays
Largest & Durable Hard drives without physical disk
Create texture from hdmi output of other device
Which processor has a better performance the fx series or the ryzen series?
Connecting three monitors with digital cables
VESA flush wall-mount with height adjustment
Discrete mobile internet browsing
Acer Aspire A315-51-31GK vs. Acer Aspire A315-51-380T
headphone with active noise cancelling, mic, earhook, wired and not too expansive
Good Keyboard/Mice specifications for Daily Office Use
Is there a standard cordless home phone system that is also network connected for management?
Choosing module SIM for pushing data form car-mounted microcontroller to remote server
Computer enclosure with high MERV furnace filter
android bedside alarm clock
does memory configuration affect cpu usage?
NVidia GForce 1070 - Multiple Monitors max resolution
PC upgrade for the next few years
Cabinet Recommendation for 2 NVIDIA GTX 1070
Is this laptop compatible with 1 x 16 GM RAM?
Advice on buying a 4k Tv
Motherboard issues for custom machine learning computer
GPU with hevc AND crf encoding on ffmpeg?
Microsoft Surface Book 2 with external displays
Is there any electronic device to make an on-screen signature in a PC?
15-25 port SATA to USB C or PCIe adapter?
Adjust fade on pc
Wireless HD video stream for flight simulator
USB adapters for simultaneous access to multiple MicroSD cards
can 3.5 HDD be powered from USB
Best inexpensive processor for R statistical simulation
Quad Core Q8400 vs Xeon X5470
What's the best tablet for my needs?
What are some good large 4K TVs with plenty of HDMI 2.0a/b or 2.1 ports?
Are there any large 4K TVs on the market which have USB Type-C inputs?
Need an LCD monitor that produces same picture as laptops and Apple screens
Alternative to Macbook air 11
A printer that works consistently when needed
Extreme Streaming Setup
Micro-usb splitter?
Do any NAS devices support full disk encryption using a TPM and SEDs?
How do I choose a wireless card?
Detachble / Convertible 2in1 with proper Linux/Ubuntu support
What cell phone (with some qualifiers) has the longest battery life?
Can I use DDR4 3000 rather than DDR4 2400 with ASRock Z270 Killer and I7-7700K kaby Lake
Longest certified DisplayPort cable that supports AMD FreeSync
Graphics card / power supply for prebuilt PC
Laptop Suggestions - Long Term Upgrade
ASUS ROG GX700VO RAM a mistake?
Smallest PC that can store 3.5-inch HDDs?
M-itx Ryzen board that supports rdimms?
A few questions about my PC build
Is there a device that can add efficiency to editing documents?
New computer in light of meltdown and spectre
White substance beneath capacitor. Does this require replacement?
Powerful external WiFi dongle hackable enough to change MAC (media access control) address? (Apple Mac OS X)
general mini-ITX recommendations
looking for a singleboard computer for a wireless usb hub (low power consumption,ultra compact, multi-usb host)
Cheap monitor with reasonable price
Voip telephone systems using SIP for home use
Webcam for unusual application (Very close focus, Dark
Office network with Sound system
Security Camera: 1080p, 4 megapixel, or 4K?
What triple pedal to use for Thomann DP-26?
DIY boards for building a lightweight Linux tablet
Inexpensive NFC reader for (Windows & Linux) login
External NVidia GPGPU on an AMD based laptop?
Notebook for developer (Android Studio)
looking for an external graphics adapter that works for ubuntu
What RAM should I put in my Lenovo Z500?
Choosing a convertible laptop
Best-value in-ear earphones with volume control?
What VPN Device should I get to hide my http traffic
GPS camera for buildings/landscape/various with best definition $400 can get
Fax save and print
Small device with Bluetooth low energy (BLE)
Setting up home wireless network
Send audio from USB to two destinations simultaneously
I want a USB-Wifi dongle that supports Miracast
Oculus Rift or HTC Vive?
How to buy a notebook without windows preinstalled, no windows key on keyboard, AMD processor NOT Intel, with AMD graphic card?
Best Computer Monitor under 150$
Non-black QHD monitor with USB hub being adjustable in height
Incredible Night Wave Light System
Passive 3D display
USB extender using Cat5/5e/6 with Male USB on both ends
Monitor for high-DPI laptop?
Which ESP32 board should I use?
Get new graphic card for HP ENVY 27-p011?
Intel Xeon Gold 6130 or Intel Xeon Gold 6126
What Android phone can install unmovable apps on SD card?
Barcode or 2D-Code scanner for Android, capable of scanning from displays
AMD GPU for a workstation
Graphics card and Power supply for architecture and 3d Modeling
Laptop with a GTX 1060 or up, supporting 64 GB of RAM, Windows 7
SYNOLOGY DS718+ NAS disk as shared folder for 30 people
WiFi adapter for Slim Tower case
Generic wireless USB Adapter/ Bluetooth transmitter
Network card for motherboard Pine Row
Multiple headsets, multiple sources, easy switching
Quadro M2200 vs GTX 1080 Workstation Laptop for AutoCAD and 3DS Maya?
Does this exist: HDD/SSD with Thunderbolt 3 AND Ethernet?
Characteristics for wireless access point used in small/medium rooms with high demand
Machine Learning System Configuration (Hardware Configuration)
I need a NAS solution with conflicting requirements
Drop resistant iPhone 6 battery case
Long Battery Wireless Headphones With Mic - iPhone
recommended pc build for dedicated game streaming
Wired, 1.0 speaker with good bass
RGB Analog Video Capture
ATX case with far holes for 3.5' HDD
Identify this cable!
True USB 3.0 crossover switch
Does this CPU fit with the GPU?
Good value laptop for home office use at around £500
NAS Solution that Does Not Generate Index Directories
USB Drive that mirrors PC drive via WiFi
Hardened (extended temperature range) router
I'm looking for USB-C to USB-C cable that is 10ft long
Optimal RAM for Threadripper 1950x 64GB or 128GB build
Headset (for XBox gaming) with adjustable sidetone
How do I choose a music player / CD or DVD player?
How to mirror the image from a computer monitor to a screen matrix
Pen-input digitizer for DIY E-Ink Graphics Tablet
Hardware suggestions for a simple data acquisition unit
Laptop or portable computer with 64GB RAM
AMD + machine learning with GPU's: experiences from successful builds?
Recommended (mobile) solar panels for PC setup with a power-supply of 800-1000 watt
Bluetooth speakers with USB charging and line in (aux input)
Is it possible to replace a laptop's processor?
USB Type C Y-cable to connect two sources to a HUB
Ideal hardware for virtual machine labs
Fastest SSD for ThinkPad T470p
Will Dell P2417H, 23.8" monitor be a good choice as second monitor to iMac 27”?
Lenovo ideapad 320 or Asus ROG for graphic/web design?
Switch headset source
Looking for a modestly priced Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Combo
What's the best replacement for Intel 1.4/1m/400 478 mobility today?
What is the cheapest 4k GPU for developer machine
SD card reader with detachable cord and SD card fitting inside
Media computer / NAS with HDMI
Furuno GP32 chartplotter with multiplexer bluetooth setup
Upgrading my laptop MSI HDD to SSD
Compact camera for hiking and city tourists
Portable camera with bluetooth or some other wireless technology support
Tilted motherboard (45 degrees) - is it safe for the long term?
Cheap device to take to school for light work
Advice on laptop for software development around 1300$
Maximization of a Ram Hardware Configuration
Pc rig configuration
Intel Mobile Pentium N3710 vs N4200 processor for laptop
Easy-to-use Android phone
Memory upgrade suggestions by Crucial
Two motherboards, same case, how best to proceed with GPU options? (Upgrade vs Replace)
Wireless Keyboard for mac, windows and linux
Difference between 3.5" and 2.5" SAS for home office server
Best motherboard for simulations and AI's
Dell XPS 13 vs. Dell Latitude 7xxx
Dell Vostro 3900 upgrade to improve performance when using Unreal Engine 4
Share digital audio between computers
Seeking advice for adding GPU to mini PC
Best upgrade to make for a gaming rig?
USB-C Connection (Hub) with power to both sides
Asus k55a case replacement
Netgear XR500 vs ASUS ROG AC5300: Which is the better option with my configuration?
USB gamepad with 6 frontal buttons, analog sticks and analog triggers
RCA to VGA converter
ASUS 1070 Strix - Liquid cooling?
SBC for webserver, compatible with Debian
waterproof activity watch to wear 24/7 with pedometer, heart rate monitor, auto sync data and with GPS to track running parkour
Reduce CPU Fan Noise on old AMD Athlon XP 1900+
Fanless, LTE and thunderbolt convertible / 2-in-1 / tablet laptop suggestion?
Consumer/gaming-oriented case with high-end "big iron" server-level build quality
Laptop memory upgrade confusion
Are there any printer companies that sell empty ink cartridges that I can fill myself?
Hard disk case, similar to the included image
Reliable computer for live streaming video to youtube 24/7
Intel i9 7980XE Are these parts compatible?
Which notebook is better to use Android Studio?
What are the cheapest laptops available with the following specifications?
What cpu upgrade choices do I have?
Bluetooth module with external antenna?
Ethernet to wifi converter?
Buy i7 8700K or wait for 9th gen
Music headphone recommendation
Fitness tracker without tracking
Sleep tracker wearable/wristband
Inexpensive Android Oreo device
Device that is just mouse buttons and scroll wheels
Mini USB Powered Speaker
Help me chose between 2 computers
I'm looking for a good USB-Switch with hotkey support
Macbook pro 13 vs 15
Media player with 4k and display port
Which monitor would be better to programming?
Budget cooler to replace stock Intel one
4K gaming laptops with up-to-date hardware?
Opinions/alternatives on dell inspiron 15 5570-2890
E-ink tablet as substitute for textbooks
Suggest a laptop for productivity
Looking for an mp3/mp4 player
Bluetooth Wifi Bridge
Looking for a receipt scanner than can continuously scan a receipt of any length
Lenovo Thinkpad L380 Yoga or Asus Zenbook UX430?
Monitor for photo/art display?
External monitor options /availability for a 2010 MacBook Pro
AV Receiver with 3-5 TOSLINK ports and remote (NOT IR) control
USB 3 hub (type A) to SSD for maximum durability and write performance
DisplayPort to HDMI adapter + HDMI EDID pass-through emulator, suitable for my 2160p (4k) display?
Programmable universal remote
School laptop (non-gaming)
Hobbyist microcontroller without code write endurance worry
Programming laptop ('18)
Which configuration for graphics
LGA1151 CPU lowest power consumption?
Looking for good external RAID enclosure
SSD M.2 NVMe PCIe
Connect an SSD to an old MotherBoard ASRock K7S41GX
Meeting room hardware for audio and video sharing
Need help building budget video editing PC/Laptop in ₹60-70K
Sound recorder for Linux
Driverless GPS Logger
24" external monitor will have crisper text than 27"?
Laptop for deep learning
Is there any low cost development board available which supports VP9 encoder at 720p30fps?
Bright monitor for office with intense ambient sunlight
What is a perfect motherboard for my budget build I3 8100 + GTX 1050 TI 4 GB?
COTS router as both wireless client and access point and separate SSIDs
Laptop to Desktop PCI-E passthrough Thunderbolt 3
Ryzen-based platform for productivity
Noise-blocking earplugs
What are options for a Windows laptop with a screen less then 12 inches for basic programming?
Quiet, cheap and effective low-profile cooler
4G router with low ping?
Connect extra fans to an ASRock Extreme4
What devices support a 15mm tall 2.5" hdd?
Does a device like this exist?
Does Such Mechanical Keyboards Exist?
Can I put AMD firepro d700 GPU into a Windows PC
how much toner is wasted on every print
Looking for dual-wan wifi router
Cheap router (dual-band, 802.11ac) for home network
compact (and aesthetically pleasing/professional looking) NAS case with 6-8 hot swap bays
Laptop for programming (About cores in a processor)
Best 2 TB 7200 RPM laptop spinning disk drive?
I need a POE switch that can supply four 32w cameras + one 12w camera
Laptop hit the floor. How to connect to WiFi?
Phone with physical keypad and hotspot
MacBook for web development
Mount an IP camera to the top of a flagpole
Cheap Windows Computer for Corporate VPN Access?
My computer restart it self before bios(how to re-program the bios)
Physical Remote that connects with pc?
Are there any computer screens without their very own AC power plugs and sockets?
What HDD configuration is best for handling rapid read/writes of small files?
Which RAM should I prefer (CL vs PC)?
Making a phone call with a laptop? (with a SIM card)
Laptop with spare M.2 Key A/E slot inside?
Is there a laptop (linux windows) that can match macbook standby time?
Devices which support WiFi RTT (Round Trip Time, 802.11mc)?
Looking for a One-Button device that makes a call
Stand alone smart watch/fitness band with skin temperature sensor
Advice for what wireless card to buy for old motherboard
Buying a new pc for work, gaming
Nano case for Hp 110 250 Series Motherboard 762025-001
Yubikey alternative with fingerprint reader
What type of motherboards should I use to build a system with 8 Intel Xeon E5520 Processors?
Wifi Antenna for a boat
Relatively cheap AirPlay 2 receiver?
4-port HDMI 4K@60Hz KVM?
Looking for a Hand (Wand) Scanner
Optical gas sensors for remote sensing vehicle emissions
13in Battery Thinkpad/MacBook Pro
Is there a WiFi "bridge" router (or device) that can make a permanent hotspot from a University wireless requires a username and password?
Which wifi router can download and seed torrent?
Laptop for coding (XPS 15 vs ZenBook Pro)
What budget usb-hub with external power supply would can be used with external HDD?
Affordable cordless SIP wifi phone
Are there any HDD whose firmware can never be updated still being sold these days?
I carry a lot of stuff in my backpack. How can I protect my laptop?
Graphic card for mini PC
CPU for Nintendo Emulation
laptops which are suitable for heavy Image and video processing
touch screen / terminal / computer for customers
Do any USB-C hubs include 4-10 USB-C ports with same capabilities as original port?
dual cam for stereo
which laptop suites heavy programming?
Basic GSM phone with a monochrome display
Where to buy male to male USB 3.0 extension cable that doesn't swap Transmit and Receive pairs?
Is it possible to make a router with 4G out of a sim card, and how?
How should I make sure a laptop's CUDA has enabled with 1TFOPS?
2-in-1 HDD Enclosure with Fan
Hardware to run Windows 98
A good mechanical keyboard for professional programing on Mac
Lenovo V570 RAM Upgrade
Cable recommendation for HDMI display
USB Still Camera (low cost)
Kinect for XBox One or Kinect for Xbox 360
Monitor that can play video files straight from external hard drive, without internet or wifi?
WiFi extender on network requiring Web login
Reading and activate/disable power of specific outlets
Mobile device without a wireless interface to store sensitive informations
Multi-button mouse that shows up as a mouse, not a keyboard
Repairable CPU fan for socket 115x
Is it worth it to buy SSD drives to a Synology DS218+ for home use?
Best options to replace my Xfinity cable modem? (and avoid the $11/mo charge)
Device for multiple output to home theater system
Memory for amd ryzen 5 2600X ryzen 7 1800X
Small bussines Server
Windows desktop multi-touch trackpad/touchpad?
UPS that can supply a lot of power for a short time
Graphics Card Upgrade
Type-C Male to 2x Type-C Female for mobile
Suggestion for RAM upgrade for Dell 5567 i3-7100U CPU @ 2.40 MHz
Gaming Keyboard with onboard memory
SSD or Intel Core i5 8250U
Modern equivalent of an ADATA Trio?
Powered USB 3.0 (USB3) Hub with individual switches that delivers USB3 speed to each port
141 DPI monitor
Open-source linux scanner
Vertical Mouse with Stepless Scroll Wheel
Extender cable to connect USB flash drive to USB port
Router that can support multiple wired and wireless networks/vlans
Laptop for video conferencing on slow rural internet connection
How to share common key board & mouse across laptops?
Laptop recommendation for web development
Deep Learning Hardware (PC/Ubuntu)
Pairing RAM stick with one that is soldered on the motherboard
Budget monitor smaller than 20" for gaming
Small laptop for command line use
Noise isolating earphones
Recommended AWG for my power cord
Multi-WAN gigabit Router
Can I use two brands of RAM?
Durable corded mouse
Monitor to buy for i5-6600K / GTX 1070
Printer Recommendation for CAD drawings
RHEL developer laptop with customized hardware - how to proceed?
Android device to use in wet conditions
USB transmitter
Developing/Designing on Macs
Low Latency Packet Capture
Can I use a 2003 server as a desktop computer? (See desc.)
I really need to find a surge suppressor that works!
Cheap portable RFID reader with 2 to 3 metre range
Lan/Ethernet card for ASUS P8Z68-V PRO/GEN3 for gaming with LOW ping/delay for under $40
USB 802.11ac adapter with in-tree Linux driver
Which laptop with processor i7-7700HQ or i7-8550U I should buy?
Acer EasyStore H340 - Power Supply PY.20009.001
Need a Router Recommendation
USB3 hub that can handle 2 external hard drives simultaneously
What is healthy load % for CPU?
USB hub with standalone charging support
Cheapest way to connect power, DisplayPort and two USB devices to USB-C port
Can I connect two computers using a Thunderbolt 3 cable using ethernet?
Bluetooth Touchpad for my bluetooth keyboard
M2 drive for Xiaomi air 13.3
Looking for some sort of wifi Amplifier
Raspbery Pi case with Real Time Clock and battery power
SSD for Asus N552VX laptop
bluetooth/wireless keyboard that logs everything without needing to be connected
Long range communication module with high data rate (e.g. for video streaming)?
Intel® Core™ i5-8269U Processor has memory of LPDDR3-2133
Syncthing-capable BSD router for max. 100 EUR/120 USD
Laser Color Printer Recommendation
Battery powered camera and transmitter for outdoor use
USB 3.0 Express Card for Linux
Need help to buy a computer for VM, i7 vs E5-2660 V1
Set-up to quickly move from desktop to laptop and back
Searching for a light 4000 euros 15.6" laptop - MSI WS63VR 7RL - HP ZBook Studio G3 Mobile Workstation - Microsoft Surface Book 2
Bluetooth adapter for my 3.5mm headset
Recommended computer for PUBG
Need CPE recommendations
What benefit would I see with more than 4GB RAM in a Chromebook?
Where to purchase USB cables without "human sized" ends
Looking for a Direct Attached Storage solution
Compatible RAM upgrade for 2GB DDR3, 1DIMM
Wireless Headset Quality
Best Device For Learning About Sending TCP Packets
Sturdy laptops for every day use (not ruggerized)
Large screen laptop for software developer
Adding RS232(Serial Port) to motherboard
Programmable Induction Hotplate
Choosing Graphics Card for OpenCV
KVM Switch for a Gaming PC and a new Macbook?
Should I buy more RAM for my Lubuntu 18.04 host / Virtual Box Wins 8.1 Guest?
Recommendation laptop for productivity and some gaming?
replacement rgb led strips for asus aura sync?
Adapter from LED Strip to Asus Motherboard
Is i7-3770k really worth buying than i5-3570k?
Specification for Data Science/Data crunching
power bank charging while being charged
Laptop with a 17" screen which can take a 15.5mm 4tB hgarddrive
Laptop with out backdoors and vulnerabilities?
Cheap privacy oriented cell phones
Laptop for programming and light gaming under $500?
Keyboard with extra keys in the bottom row (or near the spacebar)
Threadripper + 2 GPUs and liquid cooling
Graphic card for developer box with 3 x WQXGA
What is the thinnest 4K touchscreen for digital signage?
SFP GBIC copper Ethernet option for an HP Gigabit Server Adapter
What field monitors would people recommend for using with the Sony HX60 camera?
In search of a new machine for dev/data science work
ATX Power Supply Unit with one/some Always-On Molex Connectors?
CISCO enterprise router recommendation
Macbook Retina 2012/2013 (SATA) To m.2
Linux Mint Cinnamon on Core2Duo?
smart phone that won't need to be replaced for at least 10 years
Is ADATA XPG SX6000 512GB PCIe Gen3x2 M.2 2280 SSD compatible with Alienware 17 R3?
Watch HD 1080p HDMI/VGA on Computer
Low-voltage wireless switch
What parts make up a cctv installation at home?
Android tablet with integrated kickstand
ASICs for Machine Learning
Stand needed for tablet and keyboard for use on desk and lap
Slim Backlight Keyboard?
Small, portable USB-C monitor with hub?
incremental encoder with added joystick functionality
System requirements for e-mail server processing 100 to 200 GB of e-mail per month
Networking hardware that allows configuration of IP for each port
HDMI splitter with audio out
Semitranslucent keycap set
Why is the production year of a mac relevant?
Alienware 17 16 GB RAM upgrade
Wireless headphones for PC without Radio Tuner
Which is better: A laptop with intel core i7-7500U Processor OR intel core i7-8550U Processor
Small LTE Router with built in IPsec VPN client
What is the difference between Samsung EVO and PRO SSD
Water Detection Sensor With Configurable Endpoint
Small workgroup printer for five users connecting by Bluetooth
Cheap, quiet (single-board?) Linux computer to act as a Borg backup target
Router required for Virgin Media modem
24 or 27" UHD/4K monitor for developer. Dell U2718Q?
USB 3G Dongle Market
Is there any camera that you can by and get local RTSP stream?
The case for buying either a lenovo tab 4 or fire hd 8
Some hardware for multiple SIM cards SMS sending
How can I use two USB external hard drives by mirroring both like RAID 1
Which Alexa Product is most closely designed to my use-case?
Auto switch to the active input port on HP Envy 4k monitor
Which input cable to use with a Dell WD15 dock when connecting a usb-c Macbook Pro
8-Port SATA PCIex4 non-raid?
Printer requiered for industrial printer
User-owned cable modem for Spectrum Internet Gig service
Hardwired Programmable Mouse
Wireless keyboard/mouse immune to USB3 radio frequency interference?
Does a System with Absolutely no Soldered Antennas Exist?
What is ASUS K55A laptop RAM max speed?
Daisy chained monitors with compatible laptop dock
Phone to replace OP3T without regressions
HP Elitebook 8470P Power 65 watt or 90 watt
Connector for HDD
Is a Deep Learning + High Performance Workstation impossible with current hardware offerings? (Late 2018)
all I need a projector that is like Xiaomi Laser but with Bigger Screen
What is a good smartphone if I primarily care about solid function and future support?
Need to find adapter for laptop ATAPi/IDE to SATA
Very low latency keyboard recommendations request
Are there NFC transmitters/readers that plug into the 3.5mm audio port on my phone?
Audio Switcher that can be controlled from the computer
Faster clock or more cores for best performance of video editing?
New laptop: when to buy to get spectre and meltdown fixes
Single Function Printer For Industrial Environment
Modem router openwrt
Looking to replace my Samsung S7 with similar or better - but having completely flat display
Tablet or 2-in-1 for programming and note taking
Slicing 100GB raster datasets
Appropriate power meter for CPU and GPU power consumption?
HP Pavillion Dv7 AC-Compatible Wi-Fi Chip?
Changeable cell phone battery pack
Scientific Computing on AMD CPUs?
Running a Mini-ITX Computer with a picoPSU-80 from a power bank possible?
Short HDMI cable - 10 or 20 cm for Raspberry PI
Cheap and flexible switch with MACSec / NIC with MACSec support
Keyboard for night MMO gaming on plasma TV (please advice)
Should I choose 5400rpm or 7200rpm hdds for setup RAID 1 on B450 AMD Chipset board
QHD + 144Hz + G-Sync + HDR + IPS + 27“-32”?
Windows 10, 10 Gbps Network Interface Card
Mid-range Smarthphone
Which are the most popular phone processors?
What is an aftermarket devise that performs a convenient navigation of a phone?
PC build mini-workstation
Which Macbook Pro to buy? MID-2012 or MID-2017?
Advice on graphics card
Android phone under 15000 Rupees Indian currency ($250)
Looking for very energy-efficient (<30W) mini-ITX mainboard, ideally with 7th gen Intel support
High luminosity tolerant USB camera
wireless mobile cable?
Searching a good Ultrabook for work
Phone with decent camera and removable wifi antenna?
Macbook eGPU to be used only for external monitors
I want to buy a new cpu
Convert wired USB to wireless
How do I optimize performance of a 2700x without OC?
Is there a programmable USB board with (momentary) toggle switches?
Which type of patch panel for home network
Why aren't there motherboards with boatloads of m.2 slots?
Do I need a matched pair of Xeons for a dual CPU board if there is only one stepping level listed?
Wired USB mouse with freely spinning vertical wheel and a thumb wheel
Gigabyte motherboard M.2 B450 DS3H specification grammar
Get an apple watch or android watch if I have android phone and ipad?
Laser rangefinder (laser tape) for indoor - low range but high accuracy
Windows Tablet with no pen lag
Ultralight ~24-inch computer monitor
Harman Kardon sb26 power cable
Android smartphone providing reasonable touch pressure measures
Upgrading soldered laptop cpu?
how to clean LED Anti-Glare Panel display?
Best CPU out of these for Image Processing
What improvements can I make in my laptop (Asus X555LJ)?
Should I stick to AM3+ or upgrade to something else?
Headphones with noise amplification
Mixing Vive+Vive Pro+Base 1.0+Base 2.0?
34 Inch Ultrawide for Business - Light Gaming
Can I connect a 4k (3840 x 2160) laptop to a 2560 x 1440 monitor?
What printer can print large(-ish) images from a car?
What charger can charge NiMH batteries without overcharging?
Hardware upgrade after a long time: which MB, RAM, CPU, and GPU?
What RAM chip does a Galaxy S5 have and what is the largest size compatible RAM chip (soldered)
Where to find a particular plastic component under the key of laptop keyboard?
What spectrum analyzer can detect Wireless AD?
All purpose, high end Laptop/Ultrabook
How Relevant are model numbers when looking for reviews
What can measure the spectrum frequencies of a monitor?
GPS tracker for parcel?
Replacement graphics card for a R9 290X CF setup
Looking for a device to record a stereo signal on USB drive/SD card without a laptop
Can anyone recommend a reliable multiport USB-C Hub?
USB 2.0 touchscreen monitor 10'' to 15''
Look-like POS keyboard
Cheapest x86 machine with remote power mgmt?
USB dock or KVM switch?
Connecting 25+ bluetooth devices and 3+ displays
Cisco / Meraki router suggestions
Please help me choose between this Dell 24.1" 16:10 display and this LG 29" 21:9 display
Which 5.1 receiver can fully be used headless?
What is the cheapest, quietest low-profile exhaust cooler that will fit in my PC?
Replacement bedroom amplifier
Laptop for graphic programming
Bidirectional brushless DC motor with high starting and holding torque on the cheap
Senior friendly MP3 player with speaker
wireless headset with instant response that works in wind
Soundcard for Ableton Live with low latency
What SSDs (NVMe + SATA) to a high-performance laptop
Finding a benchmark result
Picking the right memory, psu and mobo for a ryzen 2700x + gtx 1070 ti non OC build?
Getting a USB into 3.5 floppy drive
which HDD caddy for my Dell Inspiron N5110
What CPU to get for deep learning + mining?
Home printer / scanner - high quality images but occasional use
Replacement for Apple Magic Keyboard
New 11.6" laptop with 16GB RAM
Is there a music player that can play a 150,000 song library?
Smartphone with DAB+ digital radio builtin
Are there any budget Bluetooth trackballs?
Need gadget to access calendar and nothing else
Performant M.2 SATA PCIe Adapter Card That Takes Multiple M.2 SSDs—Preferably RAID-capable
Laptop workstation recommendations
Low profile cooler recommendation for my build
Graphic Tablet For Ubuntu 18.04 Desktop PC
Full HD TV that will turn on automatically after a power outage
USB<-> serial dongle that's capable of 9-bit data?
Rumor on U type CPUs - Are they worse?
Laptop with a touchscreen, Ethernet, and SD card reader?
Surface Pen alternative that supports tilt
HTC 10 DRAM model
CPU intensive workload and spare time utilization
Best low cost microcomputer for running Unity app + webcam
2 in 1 device linux compatibility
DRAM manufacturers
Remote control light socket
Laptop for web browsing & typing that does not heat up
4k Video direct to GPU
Looking for horizontal PC Case that fits into this furniture
Processor type for web development (webpack dev server, jest tests, node, docker building) - High clock speed vs multiple cores?
Will a non-ECC memory work with motherboard and CPU that supports ECC?
Asus X470 compatibility with ECC RAM
Motherboard that supports hardware RAID for M.2 PCIe Gen3 x4 cards
Tablet with easily used file explorer for loading pdf files
Single board computer to support laptop for scientific computations
A large-display camera without apps
Should I upgrade my Laptop with a New m2 PCIe Nvme SSD or SATA SSD?
Is there a two-computer, multiple-port USB or KVM switch with *individual buttons* for each USB device?
USB-C hub to turn 1 USB-C port into 2/3
Server specification for a wordpress cloud hosting for a radio website
Which hardware acceleration suitable for ffmpeg video encoding job?
Zebra ZXP series and ZPL
U2F Key with NFC and USB-C
Is there any water cooling kit for socket LGA 1151 with radiator/fan smaller than 120mm?
Mechanical keyboard with a laptop-like layout
Is there, or could anyone make a tiny 1 to 2 USB-C "splitter" hub that only contains a female USB-C-PD port and a female USB-C data port?
Best graphic cards and eGPUs for MacBook Pro 15" mid-2015
Is there any mounting standard for prefilled liquid coolers?
17 inches High-end developers laptop for 2019
Router with ability to introduce manual latency to a device?
Portable alternatives to conventional LED monitors for coding on two large screens after traveling by plane?
Router with WOL support
Small SOHO Router with 3+ Gigabit SFP ports
Decently priced 10-Gigabit Ethernet switches?
2x GTX770 SLI --> New card
Equipment for programming while walking
Phone with removable battery or hardware off?
Lenovo P72 heat and noise
Truly driverless printer scanner
thunderbolt 3 to pci express adapter
Searching memory for motherboard and existing memory
ARM Board with true video acceleration support
Dual-interface JavaCard on wafer with ECDSA (and I2C)
Shopping for mSATA SSD for Lenovo ThinkPad x220
Off the shelf cheap wearable BlueTooth Low Energy device
How to automatically backup thousands of computer CDs and DVDs
Quiet/fanless computer
Motherboard + NIC advice for dev/research workstation
ASUS UX433FN how to have multiple HDMI displays?
Powerbank/Battery Powered Hard Drive (>2TB) with automatic media copying
Sensors for a VR Validation Research
Is there such a thing as a scanner that shreds?
KVM and docking station solution for Desktop and Laptop
Display rotation adapter (landscape to portrait)
Is 24'' QHD monitor good for programming?
AMD A12-9720P + Radeon RX 540 vs Intel I5 7200U + NVIDIA 940MX - Which is the best?
Portable Laptop Recommendations for Study Abroad Japan?
Slim, scissor-switch, non-chiclet (old ThinkPad-like) wired (USB) keyboard
Side by side monitor stand for three 32" monitors in landscape
What sensor could i use?
Headphone recommendations for watching movies
Need a Laptop Recommendation For Motorbike racing enthusiast
mini-display-port to vga, dvi, hdmi, displayport (all on at the same time)
Need Laptop recommendation for outdoors photography
Best sidemonitor for the 27" Apple iMac?
Best PSU Option for a Lenovo M92P OEM Full Desktop?
Looking for a contemporary device similar to what the Yoggie used to be
Recommendation for Laptop with RTX Graphics
Good desktop screen for a web designer / developer
Clip-on fisheye lense for Dell XPS laptops with camera at the bottom
Wire to connect Dell laptop to Dell 23" monitor
Largest detachable screen size
Unmanaged vs managed network switch?
a laptop for a graphics design under 1000 that can pair with a good drawing tablet
Cheap way to capture heart rate data wirelessly with my PC?
32" 4K monitor for office work
Gesture Gloves to Integrate Into Existing Software
Is there a way I can build a "modular desk" around this case?
Laptop recommendations for some heavy development
USB EEPROM Flash Programmer with Linux support
Case fans - 140mm
Cloud-free smart bathroom scales
MacBookPro Thunderbolt 2 External SSD USC-C
Small (pocket size) folding wired USB keyboard
DC 5v Power Supply Cable to Micro JST 2.0 PH 2-Pin 120 mm Female Connector Plug
Recommendations for modern teletypewriters
Best keyboard for heavy programming work?
Robust keyboard for using on the couch?
MacBook Pro 2012 Thunderbolt-to-dual-Displayport Adapter?
Finding and programming an RFID Reader
Are there quiet fans with high static pressure?
What's the intel cpu for consumer with best value?
Recommended GPU for watching movies on 4k or 1440p quad monitor setup
Should I go for better processor or better GPU for graphics rendering?
GPU and CPU needed for multiple chrome browsers running online 2d games
GTX 1070 laptop vs. 2060
What is the best support to store data long-term?
Controller for Autonomous Mining Vehicle
Hardware selection recommendations for a embedded like OpenCV project
GTX 1070 vs R9 Fury vs R9 Nano for Premiere Pro and After Effects?
Blutetooth 5 - SBC and a trackable device
RTX2060 and i5-4430 - does this combination make sense?
Inexpensive camcorder with mic input, HDMI output, and will not sleep
Compatible WiFi extender/WAP for University captive network
Lightweight fast laptop for office work and Java coding
Cheap Intel based SBC
Is there a USB 3.0 male (power +data) toY-Split USB male (data only) and usb male (power only) cable?
MMCX Bluetooth cable supporting current HighRes audio codecs
Tenkeyless keyboard recommendation
NAS disk which can go to sleep
What is the best Virtual Reality headset for research purposes
Looking for a microcontroller for embedded OS
RAM upgrade help
Need help finding Serial connector card for my motherboard (PCI/E to RS422)
Looking for a nonUEFI motherboard
What are some good 2G GSM modules that supports TLS 1.2?
Looking for a budget laptop for simple tasks
Blank pudding keycaps
180° FOV camera with RAW output for under US$300
Looking for an SBC board for streaming H.264 videos
What is the most reliable computer case fan you can buy?
looking for a usb to mini pcie adapter
Lightweight laptop with non soldered RAM
High Performance Wireless Access Point for Closed WiFi Network
What is the most reliable computer case fan you can buy?
Tablet for simple senior citizen that is free of "tech drama"
What specification of a workstation shall I look for to be used for Machine learning and Reconstruction?
USB Wifi card for Packet injection/Monitor mode
Please recommend a gaming laptop for my daughter
desktop (pci-express?) to usb otg adapter (linux)
Verizon FIOS Quantum Gateway replacement power supply?
Hard drive docking station recommendation for old hard drives
Hard disk help required
What's the best home movie projector?
Intel quad core pentium vs i5
AI based camera to monitor entering/exiting people
Air cooling for threadripper 1950x and 2950x: Cooler Master Wraith Ripper (MAM-D7PN-DWRPS-T1) vs. Noctua NH-U14S TR4-SP3
What's equipment can I use to move a dual 4k workstation into a machine room?
HDD+SSD or SSD, which solution is best?
How to fake a big HDMI monitor?
Current USB C smartphones with 5000mah around $400 comaprable to Honor 8?
Windows/Linux Laptop with thunderbolt 2, under $700 USD
WiFi minicam with custom network connection
White, full size, non-gaming, illuminated keyboard with numpad, for PC with Windows
USB hub with power (and data) control
Phone line activity/status/indicator test equipment
What router is best in price to 'convert' 5GHz signal into 2.4GHz as of March 2019 under $50
What is the best choice for AI GPU?
MIFI with very detail logs
Z390 motherboard that supports two 4K monitors
Ultrabook with good cooling
What's the smallest handheld or laptop that will drive a 4K Display Port (or HDMI 2.0) monitor at 60fps?
Router hardware for implementing local internet cache and proxy?
3-drive open NAS w/ RAID5
Power-In + Video-Out + USB Out for mobile phone? (Samsung S8)
LED-matrix boards with matrix circuit
Is there a tablet with the same bezels and size as Ipad Pro 11"?
Device To Play Games
Ultra-low power sound/audio sensor for LOUD noises
System for vending telemetry
Good printer for fine art photos which works well under Linux?
LGA1151 Motherboard with HDMI2.0
Static pole mount for heavy monitor with VESA 100x100
SSD as A Storage Drive
RF Sensor for Drone detection
Arduino Leonardo or ESP32 or ESP8266
What’s a good microprocessor/microcontroller and camera that has enough power and resolution for image processing videos of cars in a parking lot?
Body keyboards anywhere?
Standalone wireless beacon
Micro USB cable for Aux-In
Push To Talk Microphone or Headset
Macbook Air 2018 / Macbook Pro 13 or any other laptop for web dev
Recommendation: drive which is completely sanitizable
HDMI Graphics processor for a
What is this connector
I need to transfer floppy disks from 8,5.25, and 3.5 to usb. What should i use to do that
Multiple networks over WiFi bridges?
AMD requirements for the Adobe Creative Cloud?
hdmi/dsi 5 inch oled capacitive touch screen
SSD for single PCIe slot occcupied
Mac Mini (2018) for App / Game Development?
Dell XPS 13 or 15?
Digital Pen Converter
I wanted to know if calculating body temperature using KINECT's IR camera
Making a WiFi event recorder
Linux-Compatible Touchscreen Monitors (Non-Capacitive)
Fan for Ryzen 2600
CCTV Outdoor Motion Detection with HTTP POST or GET
WiFi equipment for Gigabit link
Portable battery tester for UPS systems
PCIe v3.0 SATA-III controller
Dual monitor setup on a Radeon RX 470 (total resolution 4480x1080)
Smart door lock with logging of mechanical key opening
Look for programmable barcode scanner
Robust high spec mobile phone, using a clean OS (LineageOS/AOSP)?
'Reverse Noise canceling' Headphones / Earphones (for quiet office)
Seamless HDMI switch (2 or more inputs, 1 output) that doesn't disconnect the inactive source
USB smart card reader for low temperatures (-40°C or at least -30°C)
Can I do decent deep learning research with a consumer desktop GPU? If so, which one?
Is there such a thing as an M.2 Thunderbolt / USB-C controller?
Looking for a case for Asus p10s-c/4l motherboard
The best USB for a portable system
Which device can measure distances remotely over a range of about 25m?
New motherboard and 2 8gb sticks or current motherboard and 1 16gb stick?
How to supply jetson tx2 with dji matrice 100 battery?
Need a recommendation on a microcontroller type
A "keyboard emulator" to input passwords from my phone into a computer
Connect one SATA hard drive to two devices
Programming / gaming laptop
Is their any way to buy a USB case
Windows vs. Bootcamp!
How to switch peripherals from desktop and notebook?
Is there any USB HID bridge that enumerate as HID keyboard?
A piece of hardware to allow access to SIM-card functions, via internet
The most durable Wi-Fi router under 200$
Rasperry Pi alternative with USB 3.0, Ethernet port, and casing?
360° proximity sensor array (for a robot swarm)
Which EC2 Instance Type for ETL Server
Programmable non-mechanical keyboard?
Programmatically moving a USB port between devices
Device to reverse laptop built in webcam
DDR4 memory DC recommendation to go with Intel 9900k on Hero XI z390
Any monitor display good in very low brightness?
5v DC power supply design
2 different RAM in same motherboard?
Are there any 3G or 4G modems that can run cloud captive portals?
USB-C hub that can charge multiple PD devices?
Internal USB to external ethernet?
UV distance measurement sensors
Gimbal that can be controlled by computer
filtered rack mount server closet
Best firewall to block Tor Browser: FortiGate or Sophos XG?
What sensor to use in measuring the alcohol content for wine aging
What currently-manufactured (2019) phone is most similar in form and function to a Samsung Galaxy Note 5?
KVM switch with HDMI/DVI at normal cost?
What are the requirements of a new computer to run code?
Projectors which update their display output in raster fashion
Building a Budget Deep Learning Machine
EAIJ vs standard Coaxial connector for Seagate Hard Drive ac adapter?
switching endianness on ARM
How to replace smartphone with bluetooth game controller?
Which desktop computer should I choose (smaller SSD storage with lower RAM vs higher HDD storage with higher RAM)?
PCIe Computer-On-A-Card
How to find out the generation of my Intel Xeon Gold 6130 processor?
What setup is ideal for running Excel?
Headphones for a guy with a large head
Single entry docking station with usb-C
Antenna Recommendation for XBee Series 3
Optiplex 760 Backup Server Hard Drive Recommendations?
TV with broken audio jack how to connect wireless headphones?
Upgrading budget computer
What computer should I buy?
Wireless mouse, compatible to Ubuntu 18.04
Where to find a reliable laptop battery replacement for ASUS K42N Series?
PSU for ASRock x399 fatality
Recommendation a GPU upgrade for old computer
Better heat sink for AMD3+ socket with no backplate on mobo
MS Teams Room System
Looking for an industrial SoC with two camera interfaces
Is it safe/wise to buy a smartphone with 1280x720 resolution display in 2019?
Mixing RAM modules from different manufacturers
240 AC to 5V USB Transformer boards?
Creality 10s5 considering it huge 500x500x500 size for $700. Are there better 3d printers for $700
USB 3.1 C type vs VirtualLink for VR
What do I need to mount a thumbdrive to my iPhone?
Desktop PC with two 5.25" drive bays
Sending order from ESP32 to Arduino Mega
Display Reccomendation
GPU theory - games vs video rendering
Stand-alone or build-in graphics card for Adobe products?
RAM: buying from Crucial vs my laptop manufacturer
What is this connector locking clips and where to find it?
How can I record the voice of each individual in a separate channel?
Electronics used for calculating
Is it possible to communicate with vending machines (that uses MDB) using UART directly without using hardware adapter?
Cable replacement - Headset to PC
Hardware Suggestion: SIM Card Gateway - Receive Shortcodes
Is there a brand of DDR4-2666 by SPD?
Switch that can be powered over Ethernet?
CherryMX for programming/coding
What's the appropriate hardware to use VTK-based applications?
Slow training time deep neural network
Microcontroller to run x86 application
Can I connect a USB-C hub with USB-C input of my laptop Alienware 17 R4? (See the attached photo for exact illustration)
What type of server will be suitable to host my provided configuration?
stronger hp pavillon or hp probook
Can a NFC card be non-writable?
Docking station for hard disks
I would like to ask about which laptop do I need to use Matlab (Simscape, Simulink) without any lag?
IP camera streaming
Digital audio recorder (a.k.a. digital voice recorder) with time stamping
System on Module with MIL-STD-202F
Camera,Network Video Recorder
Looking for a Windows 10 tablet-PC that runs "Power on AC"
Human tracking and motion tracking
Is there a chip like h.264/mpeg-avc to compress video from USB 3.0 to USB 2.0?
NAS for SoHo where security is highest priority
Trying to connect Analog and Digital inputs to Raspberry PI 3 B+
ESP32 with battery (and display ?)
Which laptop hardware setup is the fastest and most optimized for programming?
suitable sensor to detect exact timing of flying baseball ball
Modern version of 30" landscape plus 2x20" portrait monitors
Will a Corsair H75 cooler be enough to cool a Core i7 7700?
Educator needs audio equipment for assistive technology
Recomendation required for complementary (N+P) MOSFET H-Bridge
Does someone know a microcontroller that has a micro-sd slot and at least two UART ports?
Equivalence in height between monitors 21:9 and 16:9
What is more important for running an OS on a virtual machine RAM, HDD speed, or processor speed?
Cheap mobile printer of stickers with JS API
External USB3 hard drive for which external power supply is an option
Is it worth buying an iPad if I have an Android smartphone and Windows computer?
Which should I upgrade for programming in Laptop, RAM or SSD?
How to upgrade my Hardware
Will it fit ? Silverstone RL06 Pro RL06 Pro
Sharing USB device over ethernet to virtual machine
A good microphone for voice recording / radio presenting
Need some recommendations on emulating an SD Card
Low end GPU with a 250 watt PSU
Seeking the cheapest possible AIS receiver
Looking for smallest UPS available with management interface
Convert HDMI Limited RGB → Full RGB
What can I use for a speaker/mic with raspberry pi?
Which IP camera should I buy if I want to stream it to a web browser with low latency?
How can I be sure a new laptop will run Windows 7?
Acceptable power bank for MSI gaming laptop?
Will the camera bellow work with a Raspberry Pi Zero W?
Lightest possible adapter for Dell XPS with optional power bank features
Best ultra low power microcontroller to run with solar panel
Connect a switch to my PC for a buzzer type of app
High temperature CO sensor
Programmable Text-Pager Receiver
Suggestioned upgrades for a old Dell Studio XPS 8100
What are good cameras for face recognition inside a room?
Confusion regarding price difference in two laptops
3.3 V STM32 communicating with 1.8 V sensors
Is i7 8565U, with 16 gb RAM, 512 SSD with intel uhd 620, only integrated good enough for Android studio?
Trackers and gateway to track nearly 100 nodes
Network Switch - 10Gbit && >6x1Gbit
[Laptop]: what is the performance difference between intel i7 4th generation with 8th generation laptop?
Should I switch from intel core i3 2100 to i5 2500k or i7 2770k for easy working in android studio in 2019
A modem to support voice calls as well
PSoC6 Vs PSoC5 Vs Raspberry Pi 3
Microcontroller to drive PC speakers and record from multiple microphones
Ethernet hub with multiple NICs
Lenovo 320 - Improve battery life
Which bluetooth headphone support multipoint technology to connect to multiple devices simultaneously
I want a Ducky One 2 TKL Keyboard for Office use. But which Cherry MX switches should I buy?
How much heat would an AMD FX-6350 emit if overclocked?
IoT Light Switch
Where are VRMs on this Asus M5A78L-M/USB3 motherboard?
What microcontroller logic board should I use for AI?
Computational EM/Physics Workstation Build
Recommendation of business laptop with OS Ubuntu 18.04
Alternative to Asus Vivobook Pro N580GD-E4087T
What is the most affordable PSU for my requirements?
Hardwired WiFi Doorbells
10 - 3000 rpm Motor
STM32 Ethernet switch
Documentation needed for setting requirements on Android hardware supplier
How much computing power(Server Resource) i need to run my taxi app?
Programmable RFID card
Is lenovo v110 god for programming?
IP Camera with HTTP streaming
Fully redundant router
Inner or virtual sound-card as USB external
How can I use two computers for deep learning?
What exactly should I use to protect C13 ports?
Rubber keypads and servo & LCD on Arduino Mega2560
250 watts + 15 amps enough for a gt 730
Connect Desktop & Laptop to USB C Laptop Docking Station to Utilize Desktop Monitors for Both
Recommendation for small, low-cost, low-energy, fanless, 80686 or x86-64 computer with at least 3 SATA ports using normal connectors instead of mSATA
Which of them is worth buying
Where can I get a longer mouse?
Which Macbook to buy for compiling an application through Visual Studio in Xcode?
Recommendations for a 2-in-1 (“convertible”) with dual drives (SSD + spinning drive)
More powerful ESP9266 based microcontroller than nodemcu
Does Intel DH61WW motherboard support NVME in any form? Which is the fastest storage it can make use of?
What device should i use in this situation
Which single board computer for path recognition with OpenCV?
Wi-Fi gateway/router for public access points
i want to upgrade laptop ram with compatible timing (CL - cas)
Industrial programmable radio transceiver
USB-C Hub with PD and DP Alt Mode
Correlation of Virtualization with Graphics Processor and Optane Memory
Small speaker and display for microcontroller
setting up a desktop with decent GPU
Recommended PSU for a 6 card mining rig?
Looking for U2F-Token for TOTP
Raspberry Pi 3B+ PoE Amplifier Suggestion
PCIe SFP card compatible with GPON ONT and Linux
GPON SFP ONT for receiving FTTH
Plug in-able CPU/GPU?
looking for a arduino touch sensor like the Touch Sensor V2 that can be placed on a glove
Using SSD in PowerEdge T110 II
Toshiba Satellite m50d-a-10l
What’s the cheapest hardware that include a 8GB NVIDIA GPU?
4TB-5TB External portable USB bus-powered hard drive that does not use SMR technology
Smallest but fastest computer?
Looking for solution for gaming via remote desktop
Arduino Solar GPS tracker
What is CPU architecture?
USB Security / Mounting / Authentication
USB-C Hub with Gigabit Ethernet, HDMI 2.0, USB 3.0, and charging USB-C port. Is it possible?
Mainboard / CPU / RAM for multiple chrome instances
Arduino Presence Detector through Glass and Transparent Objects
Processor replacement
How to connect Lenovo P52 and Dell 5940 using KVM
What would the best hardware be for a network for a 6,250 square foot building with multiple users who need high speed connections?
Macbook Air 2015 good for iOS developing?
anti glare protector for LG Gram 17
Hardware specification for Deep Learning research
A contactless printer to print from my developed software directly from PC
Enclosure for old IDE hard drives
Looking for cheap MCU for projects
replacing a soldered i3-4030u
Replace high end laptop with server solution
Remote physical reboot
Finding the right JavaScript thermal printer
USB-C splitter to USB-C video and USB data
Upgrade ram or SSD?
4TB SATA SSD for iMac internal: Micron or Samsung?
Camera for Windows Hello on Windows IOT Core for Raspberry Pi
What is the most affordable motherboard that fits my needs?
Devices able to run Docker engine
Robust Industrial Camera sought which is small enough to fit
A wireless gaming headset that works for linux, windows, macosx, andriod, and ios under 200 usd
Long lasting, reliable Smartphone, 350€ max
RFID low frequency tuning reader for medium-long distances
Windows USB dongle for LoRa/LoRaWan and BT5/BLE
difference between Video Capture rate , Frame Rate and Refresh Rate in video processing
Machine learning computer vs gaming computer
Quiet Cpu Cooler for 4690k @ stock
GPS tracker with long battery life and minimal display
is there any headset with 2 microphones (one at each ear)?
Smartwatch for app development
NAS drive requirements for automation
Questions about extending wifi to outside
Way to send a 1080p 60Hz ʜᴅᴍɪ signal over a floor with the same loss level as a 6 meter cable?
What is the best choice for car speedometer?
2.5 inch HDD enclosure with jumper pins?
What is a good computer to work with R, looping 20 millions rows?
How to get two audio outputs to 1 speaker?
Which PCI to CAN card is the most reliable?
What type of esata cable should I buy to connect to this port on my MB?
Replacement Hard Drive Enclosure for Seagate Expansion 4TB
Which hardware should I use Intel NCS2 or Nvidia jetson nano?
Looking for a 4 output brass, electronic, water valve
Need a somewhat broad rf antenna to detect cellphone rf
Looking for a Desktop keyboard similar to the Surface Pro Keyboard
Single PCIe card with 10GbE (10 gbit Ethernet) and USB port(s)?
GA-B150M-D3H motherboard and PCIe NVMe 3.0 x4 ssd
Low-cost sound chip
What lenses are best for a visor?
Affordable expansion array for a public mirror server
Display Systems outside each classroom in a school
Is there a home router to block gaming sites for 2 hours a day on weekdays only?
Bluetooth Sniffer recommendation
Multiple Monitors Remote Desktop VM in Cloud
Production Line System - Multiple Screen Displays
What are some good laptops for AutoCAD?
USB 3.0 hub that will allow connecting two 4TB bus-powered external hard drives
What camera works best for video capture using gphoto2?
What is the best Micro Atx motherboard for my build with only 2 ram slots and an M.2 SSD slot?
What matters most in a development machine?
USB-C Splitter for Audio
Audio mixer (VDSM01) to plug tv and computer on a single speaker
M.2 to PCIe adapter for wireless adapter with USB controler and pcie passthrough
USB 2.0 Flashdrive with a Write speed of at least 16MBps
Best method to connect Thunderbolt 2 external RAID drive to a new custom built PC
Help me Choose a Rasberry Pi board
Which one is better for Machine Learning related work i9 8th gen vs. i7 9th gen processors and RTX or GTX series GPU in laptop?
Best money for value GPU for Core i5 9600k processor and 16GB Ram
Is it supported by the 802.3 Standard to be able to use (1) 1000BASE-T to (2) 100BASE-T and vice versa with a single MAC/PHY?
Recommended GPU for dual monitors on a 250w PSU? (Windows 10)
Device to mount on used satellite TV dish to establish long distance wireless connection?
Drone and sensor recommendations for analyzing tree coverage
What is the best device for connecting video game consoles (RCA/Component/HDMI) to my laptop?
Webcam which can upload to (or be accessed from) a private remote server without involving any proprietary cloud servers or a computer?
Firewall appliance that will work with Gcloud VPN
Graphics card replacement for a 6 year old pc
Is the HP EliteBook 820 G3 have a SIM card slot?
Which Laptop for Software Development?
High accuracy 3-D scanners for outdoor scene reconstruction at long-ranges
Ardunio With HC Bluetooth
Sample device for Vulkan development target
Which RAM ic to buy?
Recommendation: Do I need a JTAG debugger and microcontroller programmer, which one?
Should I Buy A Chromebook just for Google Docs and Google Suite
Switching fan from gtx 1050ti
Neural network training. What should I choose?
Connecting 2 APs using PoE compatibility concerns
Connecting a barcode scanner with printers that are in network
Replacing broken graphics card fan
Do Laptops exist that allow to swap the GPU?
Durability of Lenovo Legion vs. ThinkPad Series
Photo Editing Monitor suggestion? 30-32 inch 4k <=$1200
5V transformers rated 12A or 20A which are energy efficient
USB ports as replacement of laptop slim DVD bay?
Ram Upgrade for mid 2012 macbook pro
Bluetooth module recommendation
Is there any motherboard that supports Ryzen 3xxx out of the box?
ThinkPad T460 with high RAM/Storage & i5 or ThinkPad X1 Carbon with medium RAM/Storage & i7?
What rugged tablet devices does QGIS work on?
Active Noise Cancellation headphones
Bluetooth headset (stereo, in-ear, boom mic)
6-Channel Analog to Digital Audio Compressor?
6-Channel HDMI PCM Audio Extractor
FM/DAB radio which allows to connect bluetooth headset
An alternative to a fingerprint scanner to directly store registrations online
Best Alternative to a HP 5 button optical comfort mouse?
Run Graphics card with PSU's built-in 6 pin cable, and 8 pin cable made of two molex cables
I need to choose a "server" for linux(ubuntu), nginx, node, express, apollo, graphql etc... reactjs front end
HP ProLiant DL380 Gen 9
NFC Reader for Java Card except PN532
Xiomi for developing
Digital picture frame with 4k
Possible to connect Dell Inspiron 14/15 inch models to external 4K display?
NVMe drive for video intensive work
Ubuntu installation setup
Extreme longevity read-only flash storage
Which is better Arduino used in multiple functions project, Arduino UNO or NANO?
Panasonic kx-p1150 dot matrix can print barcode or qrcode?
I would like to find a laptop for general purpose use and a little gaming
Is TeamFoundation Server 2010 compatible with Windows Server 2016
Best practice for Running RBS (Rmote Blob Storage) / Filestreaming on SQL Server
Video board for 2k at 144Hz
Asus VivoBook S14 (S430U) Ram upgrade possible to 16 GB or Just 12Gb?
which kind of WiFi adapter support PMF?
IoT Board with bluetooh, gps, gsm and sim/ e-sim support
Which LED strips should I buy for a music sync project?
I need to connect CAN bus directly with the LCD display module without using Arduino or any other Microcontroller. What should I do?
RISC-V implementation on FPGA
I need to design RS232 to LIN bus converter. How should I design such kind of hardware?
Communcation between NAZA-PMU V2 with stm32 via CAN-BUS
Why do we need PHY Interface between DDR Controller and Memory?
Which Android Developer phone to by
Best laptop configuration for mobile software development
negative or positive impact of increasing surface area of hard disk
What items will be required for separate IP camera network that can be accessed from Intranet
Card to make a DDR3 "hard drive"
Windows 10 PC running 4 x 4K, and 1 x FullHD
Is Nvidia's GEFORCE GTX 1650 suitable for scientific computing and simulation?
How to create and collect backups remotely from switches
Send with Serial port and Receive with SPI in Arduino
Dual monitors are not working
How to use delete in Marketing Cloud
Bluetooth Thermal Printer with SDK
cheapest OpenCV board
Blockchain hyperledger CPU
Which sim supported router to buy?
What should I care about when buying a new battery pack for a laptop?
Can I put 2 x 4 GB of DDR3 1600 RAM where I currently have 2 x 2 GB 1333 RAM?
LCD Controller Kit
Inverter 500VA/300W for 100VA setup recommendation
I need a display
Wireless alternative to Logitech G502 Mouse
USB Problem- Shows need to format
<Custom liquid pc cooling> which pump I need for my loop?
HP EliteBook 840 G1 For Programming / 3D modeling
Bluetooth fitness tracker with easy data access
Is RTX 2080 currently available for laptops?
Monitor if seat is occupied
how to solve this problem on 8086 intel microprocessor
Small RFIDs Emeetters/Readers
a hardware for resetting system by microcontroller
Motion Sensor for detecting approaching customers towards cashier
Can I create Xamarin.Forms o Xamarin.iOS application without having a Mac Computer?
Looking for a (linux) replacement for my android tablet
Dell T7500 slow boot times (Windows 7)
Cheap, small device that has wifi and touchscreen, and can run a browser
Rack mounted server for x5 HDMI display screen
What is your company's budget for computers used for software development?
E-ink tablet/external monitor
Transmitting analog TV using a computer
Compatible hard drive for a QNAP TS-119
WiFi to Ethernet bridge that is not an extender or AP
SSD read errors in non-mounted partitions: can I fix them, is the SSD dying, and what next?
Ubuntu/Mint of Surface Pro4
multitouch points with waveshare screen on linux
Wireless Router allows VPN routing per host/domain/ip
Where to buy a USB 3.2 Gen 2x2 or Gen 2 cable capable of carrying 3 Amps?
Is the EEPROM - AT24/FM24 nothing but a NOR Flash?
Docking station and/or KVM switcher that connects with USB C *or* with Thunderbolt?
RFID Login System with Raspberry Pi
Fitness Bracelet
Smartphone similar spec or better than Samsung S8+, but with metal back (not glass)?
Is there any reason why an ethernet controller will be connected by SPI rather than i2c?
Support Vector Regression implementation using CORAL development board
SBC for educational purposes
What are the hardware recommendations for Xamarin.Forms development on a Mac?
Does my laptop support M.2 SATA SSD?
USB WIreless adapter for Kali Linux VirtualBox
Seagate Barracuda (Compute series) Compress Disk Issue
USB to RS-422 opto isolated converter
small business GIS and fileserver
Tensorflow Deeplab
Long range interface between a Raspberry Pi and a smartphone?
Desktop 2.0 speakers with headphone output for around 150$
Hardware specs to optimize Java Programming
Looking for a good set of earbuds similar to these ones with large speakers
PC build for Robotics, Machine Learning and CyberSecurity
Right angled car cigarette lighter adapter
Need a way to transmit live audio to mobile phones in the same room
How to make laptop use external monitors in preference to its own
iiyama ProLite vs Lenovo P27h - interpretation of test results, which is better
Why my 2014early macbook air is faster than lastest intel NUC?
GTX770 Vs GTX960 for lightroom and photoshop
I'm seeking a 2-in-1 PC to learn Python, SQL, HTML and CSS
tomcat9 memory requirements
HDMI/DP PC to USB-C Thunderbolt 3 Monitor
I need to know the network bandwidth if i were to use a D4 VM
OBD-Bluetooth adapter transmitting all can messages
USB to ASCII keyboard converter
What projector do AR Glasses use
I need information on some bio metric devices that can store data in my server's database
Dual CPU or high core count
networking ans VM consolidation
Graduation Project recommendation URGENT!
4G SDR with Transciever and software support
Banana Pi + Android + Touchscreen
Microcontroller that can update firmware from a hosted or OTG USB FS flash drive
10 watt wireless charging receiver for phone or tablet
ubuntu, miniPCI e TO X16 PCIe
upgrading my PC for video editing, what do I need to change?
Transportable keyboard for smartphone
Stretch/distort to rectangular shape?
Voice recognition training platform - CPU vs GPU
What are the Android devices having Intel x86 and Intel x86_64 processor?
RAM and SSD for DELL XPS 15 7590
Ryzen Threadripper Upgrade for TR-4 socket
Does Intel manufacture older generations of Intel Core processors?
4x 690 for machine learning
Measure sleep quality
RFID reader for arduino
Virgin Broadband (UK) Telephone Socket for ethernet
Does exist a SD card disk array?
Good laptop for student getting started in data science/modelling
Laptop for Linux and I have a tight budget
What is the best Windows Laptop for running Android Simulator, IOS Simulator, VSCode and Chrome Browser without lagging and slow performance?
