Melatonin to reduce the amount of sleep
Will food allergy rashes eventually stop appearing?
The "gay bomb" and medical aphrodisiacs
Estrogen level after sex
Do nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) decrease or increase swelling during the acute phase of a tendon injury?
I'm 21. Is having a beer 3-4 times a week detrimental to my long-term health?
What are the long-term side effects of glyceryl trinitrate patches used to treat a tendinopathy?
Does brace to correct posture work?
Interpreting DXA results myself
Is it safe to take Magnesium pills (dissolve in water) if you have Gastritis?
How to schedule bowel movements?
Can non-visible light still have effect on your eyes?
Have cancer rates increased for a given age?
Lab test for Pregnancy, Not Clearly listed?
What are the effects of regularly passively smoking marijuana?
Shadowing a Doctor
How many days we should wait to go to doctor after pregnancy confirmation
Does hyperthermia help treating a tendinopathy?
Exercises to stop Muscular Atrophy
Any drug in which the withdrawal is fatal and thus requires regular consumption (after the first dose)?
How contagious is glandular fever?
Body building without protein shakes
Does jumping on heels help?
Are there any studies on health effects of pipe smoking once a week or less?
Why does Atropine help to stop Paroxysmal Ventricular Ahrrythmias?
Maximizing breathing: one long breath or two short breaths?
My front tooth was rei-implanted after avulsion......?
Is the intake of all nutrients proportional to caloric needs?
Tonsillitis and tonsillectomy confusion
How did the misconception about tendinopathies being a largely inflammatory condition appear?
How to breath better when you live in a big city?
Can a pregnant woman travel 30 minutes when she is only 10 days pregnant?
Tight upper back when running on a treadmill
What are the online blood testing services that allow to pick and choose exactly what test you want?
Adverse Effects of Liquid Diet
What can cause B.P. to fall after breakfast?
Is drinking salt water to induce vomiting safe?
Lack of eating for improving memory
Is it better to wear a flat counterforce brace or a non-flat one to treat an lateral or medial epicondylopathy?
Are nutritionists alternative medicine practitioners?
Is there a measure of satiety?
Does antibiotics weaken immune system or causes Fever
Testing pH levels through urine or saliva
Why should one avoid icing the ulnar nerve directly when icing the elbow?
Why do burn wounds benefit from cooling (beyond the first few seconds of actually lowering the temperature back to regular skin level)?
What's caused by the chemicals, and what's caused by the smoke
Overcome emotions when talking to people
How do I opt out my details from Google-owned artificial intelligence?
Health insurance out of registration period for pregnant woman
If a man occasionally wakes up after five hours of sleep, is it safe for him to take melatonin even though the night is almost over?
Need advice in whether to get a crown on my tooth...?
Why are inflammatory arthritides worse at night and in the morning?
Can a mosquito bite transmit STD's?
Is Wi-Fi harmful to one's health?
Low potassium in blood
Do re-implanted avulsed tooth heal completely?
Thinking about a muscle spasm makes it stop?
Accidentally took cold medicine an hour early
What is the tablet inside generic Omeprazole capsules
Pancreatitis and consumption of alcohol
What is the significance of white blood cells count to platelets count ratio?
Can Manual External Defibrillators "restart" a heart?
Root canal and filling or root canal and crown....?
Can dental problems impact cardiovascular health?
Other than complications related to pregnancy, does zika pose any adult health risks?
Can a person die of hunger while still being severely obese?
Does protein lower the glycemic load? Please explain
Would putting vitamin pills in a blender alter their effectiveness?
My allergy-caused stuffy nose goes away when I exercise. Why?
Mechanical cardio resuscitation for asystole
What is difference between loprox and antifungal cream?
Actions During Sleepwalking
Elbow Ligament/Tendon Injury Diagnosis-Aid?
Is honey elemental nutrition, if not why not?
How to get rid of fungus from toe nail damage?
Can Protein and low calories vegetables(kale, spinach) be used as sole source of energy?
Permanent lice prevention
Microwaving veggies/fish and nutrients
Are there any studies on health effects of smoking once a month or less?
Why have I been fatigued/exhausted for the past month?
Can walking barefoot on cold floors cause kidney problems?
Why my mustache edges becomes poke after shaving my beard?
How is it Blood Thinners appear to stop the creation of platelets?
Why do doctors use tendon instead of ligament in key-hole surgery?
Are B vitamins typically sedating, stimulating, or neither?
Should I use headphones when I have hearing loss?
4-Hour Body caloric intake
Orthotic inserts + athletes foot
How to get rid of from intertrigo by using home remedies?
Face Exercises - Facial Yoga, Pilates, Etc - Does It Work?
What is the general prognosis for a patient with an inoperable hip fracture?
Is methylsulfonylmethane (MSM) of any use to treat a tendinopathy?
Drinking water from glass instead of plastic
Does G5 organic silica increases significantly the level of collagen produced by human fibroblasts?
Even topical tetracycline causes teeth discoloration?
How to deal with overhydration?
Why can glyceryl trinitrate (a.k.a. nitroglycerin) patches cause severe headaches?
can I mix cool water with hot water
Anxiety of everything
What does sodium content on food items indicate?
How much music listening is harmless using earphones?
Identifying the right caloric intake for weight loss
Why would it be necessary to take a brand name medication if a generic drug is available?
How to avoid snoring?
Is using vegetable oil bad for a ketogenic diet?
Is there any risk from eating meals before/after HGH shots?
Nutrient loss upon throwing away water used to boil a food product
Can a person survive alcohol poisoning without medical treatment?
Is drinking cold water bad for you?
Why does overuse of antibiotics cause resistance?
Tooth decay treatments
Sperm donation - where should I donate?
How to mitigate thirst
How can I tell if a soft contact lens is inside out?
How do hospitals know who is family?
Do skeleton bones hold together after death & decay?
How to deal with oral habit?
can walking practice really cure people who walk pigeon toed?
Do compounds absorbed through the skin bypass the liver?
Long term effects of chewing on cheek?
What does it mean for a medication to be "hard for the liver" or "hard on the kidneys"?
Aged care, sensors and machine learning
How many lives an organ donor with brain death who is otherwise healthy can save on average?
Can unruptured brain aneurysm symptoms come and go?
Is the feeling of blood pulses a symptom of low blood pressure?
Apps available? Nutrition Help?
If sphygmomanometer literally cuts off the blood flow, is it gonna kill the patient if pressure is not released?
List of foods for a low carb diet
Are medical risks memoryless?
What criteria should I pay attention to when choosing a place to perform an MRI?
Why avoid sunlight when sick?
Leg tightens/hurts when stretching in bed
Is Coca-Cola unhealthy?
Why lower gauge needles aren't used to draw blood for blood tests?
Questions about the use of Vitamin-E to prevent scar formation after blood donation
How does variance in pH affect Candida Albicans?
Fructose from the Seminal Vesicles
How long of no salt diet before sodium levels return to normal and water retention stops decreasing?
Can i do pranayama when i am suffering from asthma?
Magnesium in Cow's Milk
What effects would aspheric contact lenses have on eyes without astigmatism?
Is Soylent 2.0 a nutritionally complete shake?
Do dietary potassium and sodium interact with eachother?
Focus on breathing vs on heart beats
What mechanisms of action plausibly explain the correlation between SIBO and a CRC?
Who can release my medical records if I'm temporarily disabled?
What does the highest level science have to say about vegetarianism/veganism?
Does reclining the front or back seat of a car reduce the effectiveness of the seat belt?
Without Trial and Error or a dental professional, how can you determine your size of Interdental Brush?
Different reference ranges of thyroid antobodies
What is an appropriate Neti Pot solution, and how does one adjust it for best results?
How can I know whether a rotator cuff tear is caused by overuse or subacromial impingement?
Sleeping heart rate (minimum) vs resting heart rate
What does thick blood indicate?
Interactions with Resalor (Prucalopride)
Does applying ice patch to flea bites help heal faster?
What is Surya Namaskar Yoga?
What is the required procedure for a US resident to acquire a prescription drug from Canada?
What is the best way to recover from all-nighters?
What would be an adequate patient involvement in cancer clinical trials?
Cola in soft drinks?
If I take probiotics and antibiotics at the same time, which one wins?
Does exercising lower your lifespan?
Can oversleeping be harmful to overall health?
Water intake for people who fast
Treating gingivitis
Way to measure different degrees of a mental disorder?
How to combat muscular atrophy while in coma?
Is nervousness a kind of illness?
RDA of protein vs amino acids
How can I cover up bruises?
What is the difference between the TDAP and DTAP vaccines?
Does electrical exposure build human resilience?
Is it possible to induce sleepwalking?
Does getting the cold constantly build defense?
Does pure lanolin for sale in stores still contain vitamins?
How to get rid of body odor (a difficult case)?
Toxicity of nicotine vs potassium cyanide
Does persistently masturbating cause weight loss?
What factors control how much water the bowel absorbs?
Could any Vaccines be dangerous for G6PD enzyme deficient people?
How long can a baby survive without water?
Is surgery recommended for a first time dislocated shoulder?
Salt and bad sleep
Low Carb Diet Causing Peripheral Neuropathy Symptoms
Can eating certain food cause appendicitis?
Bruises lasting effect
What are the actual symptoms of the common cold?
Effects of eating healthy food for a limited amount of time
Why alcoholic beverages packaging do not contain information about nutritional values and calories?
Thyroid Peroxidase (TPO) Ab Test- normal or abmormal
I'm old, should I worry about being sleepy in the daytime
What are non-human methods of medical diagnosis called?
What are trustworthy food and nutrition information websites, without ties to food companies?
Does protein powder make you feel full?
Honey- Replacement of White Sugar?
Dementia in late 30s, early 40s? Tests?
Is sweating good for you?
What are the long-term side effects of betamethasone valerate medicated plasters used to treat a tendinopathy?
What b12 surplus cause and how much is too much?
Can temporomandibular joint disorder cause sensorineural hearing loss?
Are apples really better for the immune system than most fruit?
What is the effect of soap on a blister?
Notation for toilet visits
Does wart treatment (such as freezing) kill the wart or only triger the bodies natural immune reaction?
Should prone horizontal abduction and prone shoulder extension exercises be done on a bed or an exercise ball?
Is it necessary to take antibiotics after medical/dental treatment?
How carcinogenic are neoprene coated dumbbells?
Atypical Haemolytic Uremic Syndrome diagnosis
What is the coral-like structure in my nasal cavity?
Why would one Carotid Artery be blocked but not the other
Enlarged Spleen
Which fish to choose for a good omega 6 to omega 3 ratio without other health drawbacks?
Number of MRI scanners in the world today?
When my gums are swollen, flossing a lot reduces and fixes up my gums. Why?
Bread and acid reflux
If fat cell number stays the same after adulthood, how can adults gain huge amounts of weight?
Why antacid for overeating?
Is bottled green tea just as beneficial as loose leaf green tea from tea shops?
Benefits of tea in weight loss
How different are tendon injuries resulting from subacromial impingement compared to epicondylopathies resulting from overuse?
What are the long term risks/side-effects of nicotine consumption?
HyperThyroidism
How do "Zero Calorie Energy Drinks" work? (Or do they?)
Is it safe to immediately put food for heating right from the refrigerator?
How do I deal with acne on my back?
What are the long-term effects of arnica used to treat a tendinopathy?
How does my body know how long a month is?
What is the name of medical instruments for laparoscopy?
Walking immediately after the meal
What will happen if Uric Acid level increases
Large scale studies on the accuracy of injections for tennis elbow: do they confirm the injection accuracy is only ~30%?
Are generics tested for side effects?
Is there any downside of using ultrasound guidance when performing injections to treat a tendinopathy?
Can pushups/light weight training help with wrist tendinitis?
Advanced lung cancer spreading areas
Could hairline fractures be obscured by x-ray images
Risks of having an unwanted child - worrying as a man
Does a doctor who does endoscopies just do endoscopies?
Supplements: When and how to take them to maximize absorption
Are there any known health risks with taking megadoses of beta carotene?
Is it bad to wash yourself with cold water
Should i start drinking coffee or tea for health reasons?
Can I Survive on a Mostly Grass/Leaf Diet?
Lab test result meaning
Why might lab test results be normal when thyroid nodules are present and there are symptoms of hyperthyroidism?
Can fasting destroy our adaptive immune system?
Possible side effects of TENS
Why shouldn't one use Neosporin more than three times per day?
Will Down's syndrome be ever reversible?
What are the long-term side effects of glucosamine taken as a nutritional supplement?
Does milk tea causes skin dark?
Can cold water decrease fat in the gut area?
Does a treatment X vs. placebo study qualify as a "comparative study"?
How does the Jendrassik's manoeuvre reinforce reflexes?
Stuttering problems
no medication treatments for MS
Does blindness stop the production of melatonin?
Is it possible to regain lost lactose tolerance?
Will stroking a cat or dog reduce a human's stress levels?
Stretching in the morning
What are the real chances of HIV transmission?
Are redheads more sensitive to pain caused by tendinopathies?
Are there any examples of successful multi-decade prevention interventions with pharmaceuticals?
Can headphones produce undesirable ultrasounds that can damage my hearing?
Is amyl nitrite used for sex?
How to ice a part of the body when falling asleep?
How can I improve my chances of a successful platelet donation?
Tips to improve the sleep during the night
What is solution of irritable bowel syndrome(IBS)? [Diarrhoea-predominant IBS]
What's the optimal dosage of zinc within 24 hours of onset of cold symptoms?
How to improve memorizing ability?
Does applying pressure on both sides of your head damage brain cells?
Swallowing mucus gaves me sore throat?
Where to find a medical alert system without monthly payment?
What is the mechanism by which diarrhea is triggered?
How does the injury classification system work?
broken bone heal time
how to get rid of a raised mole in my left thigh which is painful sometimes?
Why cancer is almost twice as likely in more developed countries compared with less developed countries?
Why can't I gain more weight?
Rubbing Alcohol and Vinegar
How do you know if you're pregnant while on birth control?
Metolar XR after Lis ASD surgery
Sharp sudden pain in torso?
Why did the UK ban phenmetrazine?
timing of mineral consumption, and absorption competition
Do green powders maintain nutritional values?
Is there a formulaic or other way of determining the relative/normative value of the daily nutrition requirements?
How to find out how advanced a hospital is for a specific speciality
Most common nutrient deficiencies for athletes (runners)
What is the clear liquid that builds up inside a blister?
How to get rid of erectile dysfunction?
Can brushing teeth to hard cause the gums to retract?
Does caffeine reduce mass gaining by accelerating metabolism?
Chance of getting sexual transmitted diseases
Poison Ivy or Spider Bite?
Baby aspirin interaction with other NSAIDs
Derive radiation exposure from DICOM files
Is it possible to tell if a person is awake or sleeping by capturing his finger print at that moment?
The effect of Wearing Contact Lenses during Working hours
Why does breathing stop during cardiac arrest?
Why is Lamisil Once (terbinafine film-forming solution) marketed for athlete's foot, but not for jock itch or ringworm?
How does a late term abortion work?
What is the evidence for the health effects of frying with olive oil
Can nasal congestion cause fatigue..?
UTI bacteria climbing up urine stream!
What is the latest evidence on underwear affecting sperm count?
How can I access my medical records in the United States?
Finding "Type of Service" code(s) for specific procedures/CPT codes
How does sensitivity on teeth heal?
Is it normal for a lady to experience blood after intercourse a month after her hymen was broken?
How effective is deviated septum surgical procedure?
Effect of Debrox with tubes in ears as a child?
Did my dentist lie to me?
Health implications of bean bag chairs
Can Steinert syndrome be developed passed the thirties?
Does Higher Eating Frequency Increase Metabolism?
Does milk really affect sleep?
Will my retainers ever become comfortable again? or do I need new ones?
Is it bad if I don't eat in the morning, as long as I eat enough?
Map of ragweed infested countries
Tetanus antibodies
Is there any benefit in seeking autism/Aspergers diagnosis as an adult?
Why don't gum abscesses heal on their own?
Is there any evidence that phytic acid in oats can be dangerous?
Can aluminum in pots with aluminum encapsulated base leak into food?
How many never leave the hospital?
What are "residual" diseases?
What is the medical difference between physical and mental sleep?
Most common diseases associated with low GGT
Recommendation for long-lasting (eg 1 week) airproof and waterproof plaster?
Why is Diarrhoea (or, Diarrhea) not classified as a Vector-borne disease?
How to reduce weight-caused man boobs (psuedogynaecomastia)?
Is it true if you don't wear sunglasses when it is sunny out, you will get cataracts when you're old?
How much tuna can I eat a week without running into mercury issues?
Myelin regeneration in Acute Disseminated Encephalomyelitis (Children)
Im buying BCAA's for building muscles but afraid of losing serotonin
How much water is too much?
What are the best hours to sleep?
Permanent stuffy nose...?
Parkinson's Disease and Pesticides
Calorie content of foods
Cough that decreases on lying on stomach
Do collagen supplements help ease some of the symtoms of Lupus?
Could refugees live off of oil and multivitamins (and maybe some protein)?
Subungual Hematoma
Arm exercises: when to alternate arms?
Eating fruit is not so healthy?
Difference in pain perception between women and men?
What percentage of the population benefits from getting their ears cleaned by a doctor?
Heart Attack Risk Score calculation
Any benefits (or harms) for hair removal (beyond possible aesthetic reasons)?
Is diarrhea acidic?
Could we cure HIV through transplantation of white blood cells resistant to HIV?
How do nuts fit into the ketogenic diet?
Normal resting heart rate and how to measure it
Are there any examples that gave a person new mental abililities after a head injury?
Vicryl suture not dissolving
How do sterile bandages stay sterile if the packaging can absorb and release air?
Does lemon burns the food in your stomach
Does a hot bath effect fertility in men?
Safe alternatives to painkillers/nsaid?
Insulin and cellular glucose capture
Water filter (expired)
Effectiveness of Plant Based Diet to losing weight
What are the long-term side effects of intramuscular oil injection?
Does tightening abdominal muscles reduce abdominal fat?
TReatment for open blisters
Is it safe to eat fruit with the skin having cleaned it only with water?
Preventing thrombosis during long distance travels
Air Cooler and Health Issues
Is it possible that paracetamol + ibuprofene is much better for fever than ibuprofene alone? If yes, how?
Occurrence rate of positional TEV vs clubfoot
Why does the WHO give sugar recommendations in terms of percentage of energy intake?
What is a good reference for the history of medicine?
Which is better for health tea, water tea or milk tea?
how does alcohol damage the brain?
What is the difference between Axon terminal and Synapses
My tooth hurts when I drink liquids?
Are Lupus patients typically good candidates for total ankle replacements?
Effective use of a mask for allergies, asthma and bronchitis?
When do you stop Minocycline/Spirnolactone prior to start of Accutane?
What is the relationship between hormones and proteins?
is there evidence that determines the appropriate amount of standing time in a day?
Thrombotic events and antiphospholipid syndrome
Is there a universal medical terms naming convention web resource?
Why does the use of quinolones increase the risk of tendinopathies?
why feel urge to urinate when riding a pirate ship
Does being tall increase the risk of tendinopathies?
What to do about a dental infection?
What is a "senior" tongue depressor?
what does this abnormality (arachnoid cyst) mean in a brain MRI?
Exercise vs Fasting: Which is better for weight loss?
Do we have vaccine against Adenovirus 36?
Does it help to add fiber to sugary foods?
Are there objective criteria to define if a diet is "healthy"?
Is it dangerous to eat bananas and eggs together?
Confused by blood pressure terms
What methods does the body have of regulating to UV exposure other than melanin production (tanning)?
Does the digestive disorders affect the location of aorta beat around navel?
Patient with knee injury / knee pain
Can HEPA air purifiers release allergens when particles inside the filter decompose / break apart?
Why is magnesium citrate the laxative a liquid and the supplement is a pill or powder?
Needing a resource for brain health
Antihypertensive as a treatment for Tourette's. (And Antihypotensive to make blood pressure normal?)
What is the evidence that we need to drink 8 glasses of water each day?
Long term medication and increased risk for CLL?
What is in energy drinks?
Weight increase after quitting smoking
Can I keep thinking during meditation?
Can the blood accumulated after stroke be cured?
Name of medicine specialty dealing with lactation
Can eye drops cure dry eyes?
What influences vaginal odor?
Is there scientific evidence to support the need to eat every 3-4 hours?
Are there a maximum number of times for surgical ablations on patients with Atrial Fibrillation?
Deep brain stimulation for Parkinson's Disease
Heart size growth after heart transplant in children?
ADD medication (Dexadrine) safe to drink with low-caffiene (Mountain Dew)?
Is there an objective answer to whether or not taking a multi-vitamin dietary supplement is beneficial to health?
Does Benadryl (=diphenhydramine) lead to tolerance? Can I use it to help with sleep?
Puncturing a vein vs. an artery
is saltwater bad or good for your skin?
Is one nit enough to produce a new generation of head lice?
Are low amounts of caffeine, e.g. Coke, bad for IBS? If so, advice on how IBS sufferers can get a burst of energy?
Bio identical cortisol and metformin
Are PCOS & endometriosis linked? How to know if menstrual pain is atypical to warrant testing?
Top medications to treat symptoms of Lupus?
Dataset for Tele-medicine Vital Signs
What is a definition of a clean tooth, or a dirty tooth?
If you are told you're going to have a heart attack in one month, what can you do now to prevent it?
Is there by any way to 'remotely' brush teeth
How good are snow goggles for UV protection?
Is it ok to use sterile eye drops every day
Is it possible to avoid a breast reduction surgery via exercise?
What's happening with the heart when you push your rectum really hard?
Can you measure insulin resistance?
What are the research-proven health benefits of Coconut Oil?
Dentist cavity preparation
Why aren't there any competitors in the market for epi-pens?
What is the actual reason behind intestinal gas?
Indications for surgery for Haglund's heel?
What is the substance that not all human are able to smell?
What is the field of medicine divided into? E.g. Anatomy and physiology
What are the best ways to increase fertility?
Is there a limit to nicotine tolerance?
Looking for studies about how blood pressure changes are perceived by our brain
Why do guys develop "abs" more easily than girls?
Why my father gaining weight even after eating less food per day for years
Is animal fat good to eat or avoid?
Database with diseases and symptoms?
Urine for Mouthwash
Is heart rate indicative of sleep phase?
Treatment of addiction
How good, and for how long, can endorphins really make you feel?
Can a temporary change in carbohydrate intake change weight?
Can thinking too much lead to brain damage?
Interesting data from stool/poop
life expectancy for cerebral palsy (spastic diplegia)?
Do physicians who also have an MBA or PhD provide better care?
Do big people age faster?
Infrared light therapy for menstrual pains?
A diabetic contact of herpes zoster patient
How to identify Axis and Atlas of cervical spine
Washing hands after going to the washroom to prevent epidemy
Why would the following nutritional scenario lead to hunger etc?
What factors influence the memorization in a young adult?
Is this description a tension headache?
Is eating spicy food bad for health?
Why does eye see moon glare?
Raspberry Ketone Dietary Supplement? Fat-burning? Legit?
How can caffeine cause nausea?
Where can one find a reliable information about health effects of sitting with one's back to a door
Are women the most fertile right after puberty
How to be relieved of pain with in-grown nails?
Is biking linked to erection- or fertility problems?
What is the best cooking oil for a person with ischemic heart disease?
What is the minimum exposure to a virus to acheive immunization?
What is the absorption rate of powder vitamin?
Are there any long-term effects of marijuana?
Is guarana more potent than ordinary coffee?
Acid-forming vs Acidic foods
How long do people remain conscious, on average, after massive trauma causing catastrophic internal bleeding?
Why does the package leaflet of Ferrograd C advise not to use in the first 13 weeks of Pregenancy
Is the blue light emitted by computer monitors deleterious for the human eyes?
Infrared burn of eye
What exercise should I do to be medically healthy?
Is all protein the same?
Coffee: Light Roast Medium Roast vs Dark Roast
How is the eye score interpreted?
High Quality Flu Shot Providers?
Can dog bites cause Echinococcosis?
Categorizing injuries under the Haddon Injury Control Model
Infectious risk associated with cat bites
When to take a blood test after a gout attack
Normal for menstruation blood to be brown/black at the start?
Will I lose weight following this diet?
Low protein intake role in thyroid disorders
Are there any issues with missing this hand tendon?
How are skills stored in the human brain?
How long of a time period are medications tested for?
OBGYN wants to insert IUD (Mirena) to treat my painful periods, but should I be worried by all the recent lawsuits?
Minimum Salt Intake
What is the correct way to insert the end of the enema tube?
Need succinct overview article about insulin resistance
Crohn's or Koch's disease
What diet/foods decrease IGF-1 and increase IGFBP-1?
Is it normal to experience headache while quitting smoking
Is it a good idea to use neosporin for opened blisters?
Dr. prescribed Ondansetron/Zofran for migraines & says it'll help with weight loss too. How effective is it for either (migraines/weight loss)?
Musculoskeletal vs. muscular disorders
What are the gait related involuntary muscular diseases?
Had Triple arthrodesis (reconstructive/bone fusions) surgeries 10 yrs ago, but now bad arthritis. Total Ankle Replacements the answer? Only 28. Help!
Efficacy of home radio frequency devices for skin treatment
If a patient has dentine hypersensitivity, can thermal stimuli damage the dentine?
Is early morning sunlight as good as evening sunlight for health?
What are Useful Resources and Practices that Help Managing Type-1 Diabetes?
What should be the position of feet while sleeping?
Benefits of low hemoglobin in high altitude populations
What can you learn from the parts of the name of a drug?
Correlation between gallbladder disease and pancreatitis
Potato and rice diet to prevent allergic reactions to calm down atopic eczema
NIPT test results given results of combined test (in pregnancy screenings)
Asthma: using bronchodilator vs waiting?
Baking Soda & Hydrogen Peroxide washes effective home remedies for yeast infections? Safe?
Are elevated platelet levels (yet, still anemic) a symptom of endometriosis? Connection?
Vitamin B food source
How long a certain food takes for making intestinal gas?
Healthy way to become numb
Risks of Caffeine Powder
Are effervescent tablets same as efficient as tablets?
Foods/Drinks to avoid before and during a flight
Can I donate a kidney later and recieve one now?
What Happened To All The Hiatal Hernia Centers?
is 1.319 IU/ML Helicobacter Pylori IGG normal?
What causes smelly feet?
Umbrella terms for field of vision unawareness blindness spectrum conditions?
Medical term for headbanging inability post-car-crash condition
Accelerated tumor growth after stopping prednisolone?
How is sunlight a Lupus trigger for some? What exactly about the sun often causes Lupus flare-ups?
When should I drink from the sea?
What are those white things in my juice & can it cause me any harm?
What is the best way to obtain pure drinking water in the U S?
can 5 alpha reductase inhibitor drugs work for life or do they lose effectivness
Do adult humans need to drink milk
Does male circumcision really damage sexual sensitivity for men?
Does excessive sugar intake cause diabetes?
Can I get infected again with the same cold?
Do eye doctors check for tunnel vision?
Is hair transplantation really efficient
B12 deficiency and insomnia
Vibrator side effects
How to read U.S. Dietary Guidelines Tables?
Drawbacks of sitting with one leg on a chair
How much weight can a person safely lose on a backpacking trip?
Monster Energy - SugarFree - vs coffee
Does Mirena IUD help with acne control too? Is it safe to take concurrently with Accutane?
What probiotics work for irritable bowel syndrome, according to Genome Medicine?
Why does fish have a lower minimum safe-cooking temperature?
Has anyone sucessfully gained weight?
How to fall asleep when your mind is "not ready"
Does prolonged use of VR headsets harm your vision?
Which medical specialist should be consulted for anus polyp?
Does long-term SSRI use cause any permanent changes in personality? Are there any quantitative/qualitative studies looking at this?
Does male ejaculation shortens life span?
Can fasting be used to reset the oral microbiome?
Is it possible to get a secondary infection following a flu shot
Bitten by a Hobo Spider. How serious? Going to off-hour clinic tomorrow, but should I go to the ER now?
Does maintaining your home's time zone, while travelling, enable you to evade jet lag?
Best way to heavy metal detox
Spirit's tincture from medial spirit (which includes Chlorhexidine)
What is the ratio when giving CPR
Vitamin C, when the best time to have?
Omega 3/6/9 versus Omega 3 supplements
Listening music relieves joint pain
Not in the face? Why is this warning on my lotion?
Is chicken treated with sodium triphosphate classified as processed meat?
Contraceptive and heart disease
Are water only fasts healthy? Can they cause headaches or other medical problems?
What is a "keep side" feature in a patient record?
How much time does it take for medical advances to be used in practice?
How long does Resalor keep before expiry?
Pop: How much is too much?
Swab tests reveals I have a staph infection. Can it tell if it's MRSA? Or is that a different test? If so, can that distinguish HA-MRSA & C-MRSA?
What does it mean if my urine test is positive for ketones, hemoglobin, and leukocytes?
Does Anemia equal poor circulation?
How much sugar is in my UHT Milk?
Blood donor restrictions (Mad Cow Disease) in Australia/France for people who lived in Britain, is it justified?
Can arthrogram detect shoulder anomalies that MRI can not?
￼How do diabetics manage their diet and meal planning?
How does a blind person react to hallucinogenic drugs
How can a marathon eater maintain their health?
Which foods are good for fat-burning?
How important is having an anti-reflection layer on a glass lens?
Is opening the chest cavity still considered dangerous to the spread\growth of disease?
Postconcussion symptoms: how long? Are they reversible? Treatment options?
Is eating dirt good?
Is eating straight sugar ok, as long as I eat it with fiber?
Ginger or garlic and common cold?
Any scientific evidence supporting positive effects from video games playing?
Is there a disease that involves progressive loss of feeling, a tremor, and muscle twitches?
Do all neurodegenerative diseases show up on an MRI scan?
Can pectus excavatum increase the risk of cardio vascular disease?
Does excercise increase body mass?
How common is the side-effect of "outbursts of words/sounds" for one taking Dexedrine for ADD?
How to solve the problem of dry lips
Squirting noise while sleeping and other non-reproducible times?
How to lose water weight? Or prevent water retention?
After a skin biopsy, is it preferable to use vaseline, polysporin, or neosporin?
How long do you have to take an SSRI for before PSSD becomes a risk?
How effective are kinesiotherapy tapes (e.g., RockTape) to treat a tendinopathy?
Does sleep hypnosis actually work for insomniacs?
Should a chiropractor be called if my neck is (moderately) out of alignment?
Can weak people use their feet when doing CPR?
How to clean out all the earwax buildup in ears from hearing-aids if hearing-impaired? Q-tips are unsafe, right?
How to overcome mental fatigue after long work?
List of Authors confirmed as ones with a conflict of interest
Does fasting improve your immune system even when you are already having some infection?
How to treat Dry-Mouth (side-effect of medication)?
Is the common cold deadly to a suppressed immune system?
Theoretically, are spots with brown spots inside them cancerous?
Had a skin biopsy of a suspicious mole (10 stitches) -- how to prevent ugly scar-tissue from forming? Make scar less noticeable?
Any physical benefits to acne? Does the oil keep skin from wrinkling & sagging in the future? Can it prevent razor-burn & dandruff now?
Should synthetic cloth materials be avoided?
Ultra Sound Gender Prediction Accuray
How to correct Pectus Excavatum without surgery?
Is it safe to bite into caffeine tablets?
Stomach ache after drinking tea
Is crunching sound in the neck normal?
How to request copies of CT-Scans, MRI, X-rays & ultrasound/endoscopic imagery from Dr.'s/Surgeons for personal records? Possible?
What is the process for an infertile woman to freeze her eggs for a future pregnancy either via IVF or surrogacy?
Would a regular ultrasound be able to differnciate a benign ovarian cyst from an ovarian tumor? Or is a Transvaginal ultrasound needed?
Safe and state-of-the art method of laser vision/eyesight correction/surgery?
Is eating fast food on regular basis really bad/harmful for health?
What are some examples of illnesses that require you to get up in the middle of the night?
Is it possible for a human to perform vaginal delivery without labor? Is there a name for such practice?
What type of food (herb, root) helps with sleep?
Appropriate way to deal with Personality Disorder in loved one?
I forgot if I have taken "X" vaccine. Can the re-vaccination cause problems?
International drug labeling guidelines
What is the difference between abnormal cells and cancerous cells?
Does a sugar-free diet really lead to more healthy state?
How to prevent sleepiness at study time?
Pain in knee joint
How to decide which painkiller to take?
What percentage of deaths in the U.S. are accompanied by an autopsy?
Too much sitting as bad as smoking?
Is is common/more likely for hearing-impaired & deaf individuals to have social anxiety disorders & panic attacks? Why or why not?
What are the health concerns with using a laptop on your lap?
What to do against high Light Sensitivity?
Does Blue light filters in smartphones really work?
World's decision to switch to LED lighting (to save $) cause more health problems? Migraines? Circadian-Rhythm? Seizures? Light-sensitivity?
How to prevent teeth-grinding at night & TMJ (Jaw) pain? Mouth-guard causes dry-mouth & restless sleep. Alternative treatments?
What are the differences between social anxiety and panic attacks in terms of symptoms?
Can applying a simple 3m plaster splint on a non-displaced elbow fracture be billed as surgery in NY?
Can drinking magnesium citrate cause tooth enamel erosion?
What can reduce physical symptoms of mental exhaustion, when you cannot remove the root cause?
Why do we get weaker/fatigued during and after a fever?
Any cure for epidermolysis bullosa?
Treatment for severe Pain
How to cure a dry eye
Why does a tense arm worsen flu shot soreness?
How can I tell if a fish bone is stuck in my throat?
Why is the exterior part of my left foot Toe is ALWAYS in pain
What are the food that can be eaten without much calories intake? (to combat hand-to-mouth pattern)
Does the use of salbutamol by a asthma sufferer significantly improve his sport performances?
How does nuclear/radiation dye improve the quality of my bones' medical-imagery? What is the purpose of a bone scan?
Why/How does the change in weather trigger arthritic pain and migraines?
Why don't most medical practitioners conduct research?
Why is a tonsillectomy (tonsil-removal) typically more painful the older you are? Are the the pain nerves more advanced?
Are afternoon naps healthy?
Why is blood glucose measured using molar concentration internationally?
What are the benefits of a fad diet?
Positive ANA test suggestive of Lupus/SLE, but is 1:160 still ambiguous?
Which cardiac chambers are enlarged in ventricular septal defect?
From a scientific point of view, is it possible to be a vegetarian and keep joints in a healthy state?
Why do some General Practioners not consider Fibromyalgia as a genuine, real auto-immune disorder?
Dentist says Dry-Mouth leads to bad breath (halitosis), gingivitis, tooth-decay, periodontal disease, etc. Why isn't Dry-Mouth diagnosed more often?
Research based help for premature ejaculation?
Allergic Reaction? Adderall + Welbutrin / Bupropion
Possible to build a tolerance for the sleep hormone melatonin?
Are there any long-term health benefits/ disadvantages of wearing socks, especially woolies?
Treatment for catarrh?
Any evidence that "burning off tastebuds" increases oral cancer risk?
Do taller/larger individuals have a greater risk of developing cancer because they have more cells that could go rogue?
How to know if it's exercise-induced asthma? Or if tight-chest & wheezing is due to being out-of-shape? Or combo?
Non-ionizing sound waves
Why is there a left ventricular volume overload in patients with Ventricular septal defect?
Are reoccuring cold sores, canker sores, & easy bruising symptoms of a poor immune system? Or just low on Vitamin C?
drinking natural diuretics for fluid recommendations
drinking too much natural diuretics
Why can't I remember things?
Wearing a corset
If compression socks increases the blood circulation and this is good for swelling, then how comes it is said ice is good for swelling?
Is saliva safe as a sexual lubricant for male masturbation?
cardiac arrest effects on blood pressure
What are the symptoms of salt poisoning?
Are bodybuffers efficient to relax muscles?
Why are taste and smell (and hearing a song from the 90's) such potent triggers for nostolgia? Benefits and Negatives of nostologia?
Are yawns and hiccups pscyhosomatically contagious or are they just reflexes/impulses?
Effects of Modafinil
How dangerous is it to eat the worms inside fruits?
Should eating before bedtime be avoided if someone wants to lose weight?
Do sensibility to hot, cold, sweet, acid foods/drinks or air mean different levels of tooth decay?
Why is 88% SpO2 considered a critical level?
How do I know if cider is hard or not?
How long does syrup actually last?
Why does hand lotion make me feel thirsty?
Does Crying often reduce body weight or become lean?
Does less sleep lead to weight loss?
What are the benefits of quick weight loss?
Mistakenly took Atarax
How many people, on average, floss on a regular basis?
Is frequent steaming of the face (like in a sauna) an effective way to open up skin pores and detox? Hydrogen Peroxide prevent acne?
Possible reason/s for increases in neutrophil, platelet, and WBC levels at the same time?
Is it possible to strengthen/tighten the LES (lower esophageal sphincter)?
Tourniquet application on a venous bleed
Limit of daily liquids - higher with electrolyte supplement?
Deafness and hearing aids and cochlear implants
What are effective and safe treatments to speed up the healing process of unsightly scabs?
Am I overweight? Bad self image...?
Unresponsiveness to cues
Prevent hair loss and best food for it?
Snoring while awake, or am I not awake...?
How long is stored tap water safe to be around (not drink)?
What medications (whether prescription or OTC) or home-remedies are used for stool-softeners or laxatives (to counteract constipation)?
Does putting a bit more stress on joints when young increase resilience when older?
Need to find a good analogy
Metalic Taste and Excessive Salivation before vomiting
What are some potential causes of idiopathic hypersomnia?
Is there any homeopathic solution for heredomacula degeneration
Can a pregnant woman in a coma still be able to give a vaginal birth? Will her body instinctively contract?
How sperm storage works in testicles?
Do hazel-colored eyes change colors (depending on surroundings) or is that an optical-illusion? Why is the hazel pigment so sensitive to light?
Why do pupils dilate when someone says a lie? Other physicial symptoms when someone is lying?
Is a pathological-liar a genuine behavior disorder? How is it different than a compulsive-liar, habitual-liar, and a sociopath?
Do some psychiatrists/psychologists still treat severe depression with electric-shock-therapy (ECT)?
Why are lower respiratory infections so prevalent in undeveloped countries?
Recommended foods for before surgery?
Why do I always sneeze and get watery eyes when I pluck my eyebrows? Is it a reflex/trigger? Nerves linked?
why do we need to keep a ratio between omega 3 and omega 6?
Clarification with a prescription for blood tests
What are the effects of storing drinking water in a copper container?
Is it true that broken bone will never recover/restore its previous strength?
Are maggots still used in traditional medicine to eat away the dead-skin (necrosis) when a patient has gangrene and needs an amputation?
How effective is the Graston Technique® to treat a tendinopathy?
Difficulty extracting blood
How does resting influence the recovery time of a common cold?
Why do only men have Adam's Apples? What is it? What function does it serve?
Low Insulin but Normal Blood sugar
Are leeches still used in modern medicine (for skin-grafts, finger-grafts, etc.)?
Are dimples and cleft-chins (aka dimple chins, butt chins) genetic?
Natural but scientific ways to improve memory and concentration
Increase vision clarity with eye exercices?
Can one learn whilst sleeping? Can one solidify a memory & study for exams by listening to recordings while asleep?
Does daily hair wash reduce body heat and cause hair loss?
What makes cooking tomatoes on copper unsafe?
Can Diflucan cause anal itching?
Vitamin C supplements before bed
Were the Salem Witch Trials caused by sociopaths, ergotism, hallucinations, or mass hysteria?
Why are chocolate and cheeses common triggers for migraines?
Are botox injections approved by the FDA to treat chronic migrraines?
Plasma concentrations Of Beta-Carotene and Retinol
Used the Differin XP/Adapalene Topical Gel on Acne on cheeks, but now I have a red dry, burning rash down my neck and on eyelids!
Do honey and cinnamon have anti-inflammatory elements in their biological makeup? What other foods do too?
Does cracking knuckles (or any other joints) lead to arthritis? Or is this a medical myth?
What are the physiologic indicators of keto-adaptation as it becomes our primary metabolism?
What Should Be The Precautions While taking Care of pneumonia patient?
Does sitting too much causes hip pain?
How long is pneumonia contagious for?
How to shave pubic hair and prevent razor burn and ingrown hair?
Knowing the root/cause of one's hypothyroidism? How to know if it's Hashimotos-Disease?
Safe to have fluoride in water-system for cavity prevention? Bleach/whiten teeth after or before fluoride treatments?
At what age (or what size) is safe to implement the Heimlich maneuver on a child if they are choking?
If evolution is effective, why do men still have nipples? In extreme situations, can fathers lactate?
Truth or myth to get white teeth?
Contradictory advice from doctor and packaging
Acne underneath skin
Can viruses be inherited?
Can hyperosmiacs (people w/super sonic smell) smell pheromones? How powerful is their sense of smell?
How to secrete more pheromones while in the presence of the opposite sex?
Is it true that pheromones can synchronize a household of women's menstruation cycles? How? Why? Who's cycle is dominant?
Cheap polarized sunglasses, good or bad?
Patients typically sedated during a colonoscopy?
When was congenital-analgesia (aka congenital insensitivity to pain), the inability to feel pain, clinically documented? How rare?
What is the safe temperature range for nylon sutures?
How to scratch an itchy throat
A nutritionally complete diet that respects W.H.O. standards?
Is it ok to not wash a contact lens?
How much blood can one lose (from internal hemoragging) and live prior to a blood transfusion?
Nutrition farmed vs wild salmon
Is it ok to have water when hungry?
Is OMEGA 3 ALA required in addition to EPA DHA?
What can cause foamy urine other than protein?
Butter vs Lard vs Palm oil
Can one candy bar per day be part of a healthy diet?
Dementia Nursing Home Fines?
Will the Fucidin Cream 2%, prescribed for impetigo on face, help clear-up pimples and zits too?
What is a better treatment combinet with omega 3 , for improoving studying performance and reducing anxiety?
Why cold on the back hurts more than cold in the front?
How can I quantify muscle tightness?
Is Acupressure as a treatment for nausea or motion-sickness a legit remedy? How does it work?
What type of exercises should a person do if he/she is suffering from osteoporosis?
What is the status of Ebola these days? Is it a pandemic or endemic?
How do epi-pens work? Are they specific per allergy? Epi-pen for latex allegery exist?
Why some people experience no side effects from a drug?
Trouble finding radial pulse in patients
What is alkaline food's actual impact on internal ph regulation?
Is Porn-Creep a medical condition? Addiction to pornography (for men) correlate to erectile dysfunction?
Identical twins have the same DNA and blood-types, right? But different fingerprints? Why is that? Same for clones?
Was "patient zero" a concept used in epidemiology before 1980s HIV investigation?
Why do so many people suffer from glossophobia (fear of public speaking)? How to overcome glossophobia?
Is flatulence/gas comprised of methane? Is it flammable? What about burps/belching?
Pimples: Causes and Cures?
Solution for a sinus problem
Does bubble tea have any health benefits?
Fever lower limit ( 99.0 °F (37.2 °C) at armpit)... is it universal?
Early Childhood Caries treatment
Any scientific evidence that consumption of the placenta is nutrious for a new mother? Does it prevent postpartum depression?
Could someone reasonably bleed out from a puncture wound on the front of the thigh?
Is there a vault somewhere that contains vials of ALL the diseases? Even the eradicated ones? (Like the Svalbard Global Seed Vault)?
Are massage creams containing paraben bad for health?
Intravenous Chameleon Injection
How to know when it's a migraine, tension, cluster, sinus, or rebound headache?
What happens during puberty that causes the deepening & squeaking/cracking (dysphonia) of a male's voice?
How common is Stockholm-Syndrome and/or Codependency Issues in Battered-Wife(Person)-Syndrome and/or other abusive relationships?
In drinking hot, warm, room temperature, or cold water - is water temperature proven to be connected with any health benefit?
Keeping balance with one eye covered
How to remove the yellow stains from my teeth?
What disease/s killed Mozart? Or was it poison?
If people can create an accelerated medical program that can be completed in just three years, what textbooks should they select in the curriculum?
How does auto-brewery-syndrome work exactly? Their bodies somehow produce alcohol without even consuming it? When was it discovered?
What is the function of goosebumps in human anatomy? It happens when it's cold, scary, or euphoric, but WHY?
what are the long and short term benefits of cold showers
Storing pills together
Why don't physicians systematically publish in open access venues?
Is it possible to fall asleep while swimming?
Exercise-Induced Asthma Daily Medication Use Short and Long Term Effects?
Is it true that alcohol is the only "drug" one can die from during a drug-withdrawal? What are the symptoms of the withdrawal?
Intoeing in older children
How effective is compression therapy to treat a tendinopathy?
What happens if a regular person is given osteoporosis medication (Bisphosphonates)?
has your body killed a cold virus before you experience any symptoms?
Does regular intake of (packaged) butter increase the risk of cancer?
How many different dialects of sign-language are there? And braille for the blind? Is it a different system for each language?
Dopamine deficit consequences for PD
How to calm down a friend experiencing a panic attack?
Lasik Operation Choice
What can cause mild irritation in my outer ear besides swimming?
What are the effects of smoking in the first week of pregnancy?
Can diapers cause Toxic-Shock-Syndrome (TSS) like tampons do?
What is the role of surgery when treating an overuse tendinitis?
Is there a difference between anti-anxiety and anti-depression drugs?
Can adults overcome rhotacism?
Is there a pattern of increased aggression/violent behaviors in hotter climates? Scientific Research? Mixed reviews
How long should it take for a woman to return to her pre pregnancy weight
Specialist to treat low Sodium
Does nose-breathing filter out pollutants?
What are the differences between blackheads and whiteheads? Different oils? Or different outcome?
Is it true that our earlobes and noses elongate because of gravity -- not necessareily cartilage growth?
How is myocarditis diagnosed?
Health effects of wearing ear plugs at night, ear phones during the day
Is there a neurological or scientific explanation for déjà vu?
Which suitable eye drop to choose for computer vision syndrome?
Surviving 30 days of 15 hour work shifts
Is there a survey on the effect of smoking mariujana to human health?
Are moving "ghosts" after waking up normal or it is sign of disorder?
Why is lactate dehydrogenase used to differentiate exudates from transudates?
How often are people vaccinated in the unlikely event of biological-germ-warfare (ex: anthrax and ricin)?
Is baking soda effective in absorbing hair grease ("dry wash") if one is unable to wash their hair w/shampoo for whatever reason?
Does ideal range pulse rate and blood pressure always indicate no serious illness
Is it recommended to drink water during meals?
Scientific Basis for Apple Watch Activity Rings
Should Neosporin never be used?
Why are we being advised to eat large breakfasts and small and early suppers?
Body acne (extreme condition)
Infants with Jaundice: How does phototherapy's blue lights break down bilirubin?
Using non steroid nasal drops
Which deteriorates hearing faster; treble or bass?
Nature vs. Nurture: Is there any truth behind an ethnicity being predisposed to alcoholism? Is it really in my ancestral genes?
Toxicity of carbon tetrachloride exaggerated?
What could cause pain in one's shoulder blade and collar bone?
Do children with Willam's Syndrome (WS) skip the the phase of "stranger-anxiety"?
How does robb(balm) relieve pain?
Chronic tonsillitis after tonsillectomy
Why does the scrotal sac contract when preparing to defecate?
Should I see a psychologist or a psychiatrist?
Disease and Conditions
Claustrophobia in the Pyramids of Giza: Does height play a role in who is more likely to suffer from Claustrophobia?
Does the rate of ethanol absorption into blood stream slow down as you drink more?
How bad is the pollution when living right on a road with heavy bus traffic?
Proportionate Dwarf, Little Person, or Short-Stature? Adult Female: 4'9"
What are the differences between laryngitis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), & whooping cough?
What are we putting on our faces!?! Why don't we have an agency like the FDA approving/monitoring the safety of cosmetics?
What topical anesthetics exist for the axillary area?
How long can you take tetracycline in the treatment of acne?
I've suddenly lost my voice (aphonia) due to illness (laryngitis?) -- how to get it back fast?! Speaking to a 1,000 ppl in 2 days. Eeek
What are the health effects of drinking 1 beer a day?
Have there been any tests of e-cigs vs cigarettes?
Are arsenic levels in poultry a health concern?
Current statistics about lethality of appendicitis
Do you really get better at digesting beans?
How to treat blood-shot eyes if I don't have eye-drops? Water good or bad idea?
Liquid in Lungs?
Effects of microdosing alcohol on liver performance and the ability to metabolize toxins
Is Bugleweed vitamin supposed to be black?
Chronic hiccups
What's the prevalence of pulsatile tinnitus?
Are most normal human beings capable of controlling laughter?
Does taking dramamine prevent your body from adapting to motion sickness
Is there a database for the drug formulation?
Does an infected dental nerve affect nose breahting?
Can pitted keratolysis consist of only one lesion?
Wide pushups vs narrow - what are the outcomes?
Do concept unique identifiers (CUIs) in UMLS have a hierarchy?
Can contagious disease transmitted via sharing things?
Effects of taking too much painkillers
Where are good places to find reference?
Does eyesight significantly vary from day-to-day?
What are the effects of sipping blood?
Does drinking water more than 10 liters per day has any benefit or side effect?
Are fizzy "Effervescnt C" drinks any better than Vitamin C pills?
Is it safe and beneficial to eat poached and cut fish bones?
Is being deficient in vitamin D a possible cause or factor for muscle tension?
Does consuming raw onion make you thirsty?
Conceptual differences between urgent, emergency, planned, unplanned, elective and acute care
How harmful would it be to the spine if you were sleeping on a soft rug for a prolonged period of time?
(Why) does hot water dry our skin more?
How does "water therapy" work to treat muscle tension?
Why i feel cold
Existence of injection administering certification?
CPAP refresh purchase
What layer of skin and approximate depth would this be?
How scientists determine how much sleep every particular individual needs?
How can I describe my eye weakness (disease) to a doctor?
How much reduction of blood flow in the soft tissues can result from stress?
Can an infection with toxoplasma gondii be cured with the current medical state of the art?
Are influenza vaccinations the same worldwide?
How do we know that our esophageal sphincters are malfunctioning in acid reflux without endoscopy?
is RADIO-SIGNAL Jammer safe for health?
dangers of keeping blood in a jar
What are the health impacts of soy lecithin?
Average Number of Sutures per E.R. visit
RSI mostly due to keyboard or mouse?
Can wearing a mask when sick help fight off infection?
Addiction to thinking hard
Mult-vitamin with more than 100% of daily recommended amount?
Does shaving causes the hair to grow faster?
Does drinking hot water reduces paunch?
Baby with ASD VSD PDA altogether
Immunity after a GI bug
Would doing Kegel exercise by hanging weight to penis is really effective?
Help reading an eyeglass prescription: What does "PL" or "PC" mean?
Plausibility of 30 gauge draw?
Penile glans amputation
I'm not sure, but might have something stuck in my ear
Gluten in beer or not?
Hemoglobin level is not increasing in blood - Why?
Child with -22 power, is it equal to blindness?
Bad Brain fog 15 min after eating but sugar test is negative
Decrease in mathematical creativity due to weed
What is the cheapest possible diet that will not cause severe irreversible damage to your health?
Why do female smokers often have creases above their lips?
Does amla (Indian gooseberry) contain lots of vitamin C?
Hearing some kind of screeching sound. Is it (not) normal?
Do these blood pressure readings make sense?
How a person with high eye pressure see? Would you give me pictures?
Is copay dependent on whether or not you actually see a doctor?
What is the best way to match a probiotic suppliment to desired strains?
How much Vitamin E is safe to take on long-term for a male young adult?
When did the physicians realize that knowledge of internal anatomy can help in healing the patient?
Law and Ethics - Refusing to treat intoxicated patients
Why do we sleep more in certain countries than in others?
Do proton pump inhibitors (PPI's) shut down all the proton pumps in all cells across our body system?
Weight loss during death
Why do I feel more tired when I sleep in?
Laser treatment & beard
What is the long term side effect of lying after eating?
How did I not get Mono?
What is the best free doctor practice management software?
The sugar/glucose is one point too high
How long is combined Meningoccocal ACWY vaccine effective for?
Flax seed vs supplements for omega-3
Is Near-infrared focused light safe for your eyes?
Mental health and the work place
Mechanism of Metformin in Lactic Acidosis
How do extended release tablets work?
Difference between Caffeine high dosages (800mg) and Adderal for ADHD?
Consequences of habitual overconsumption of water?
I need a psychologist ,i want to write him online
Does time in an incubator as a newborn have long lasting effects?
What is the mechanism by which paracetamol improves sleep?
Is a Chronic Disease Incurable?
How long does it take for a body to get rid of blood clots and bubbles inside a cannula?
What is the 80/20 for high blood pressure?
UK - Doctor's access to family info
Reliable sites that list the purine content of most foods for gout diet?
Amount of phytoestrogens in processed soy like tofu
Why do I get dizzy when I expect an user interface to scroll while it's lagging?
Is there any medical value when a care provider talk to his trauma patient?
Is it right to say that any syncope is a result of low perfusion to brain?
How to overcome addiction to sweet sugar foods?
To what extent can modern medicine heal this scarring?
Are end-of-life wishes perceived differently by children?
Can herpes spread if an infected (nonactive) person takes a bite of your burger?
pouring honey in nose for sinus infections
Long term effects of an allergy pill? Loratadine
Psychological aspects to time organisation
Why is this clinical difference between central and peripheral hemoglobincyanosis?
Rheumatoid arthritis and hormones
How to celebrate christmas with MS?
What is the average recovery time for cold and catarrh
Hemeatology vs Hematology
What could be the reason for difference in adverse effects profile between original and generic Clopidogrel?
If your brain tells you that you hear ringing in you ears, tininitus, why is it so difficult to tell it to stop?
What is the purpose of heelpieces?
Is there an official public list of US physicians?
Is it possible to Quit Porn and Masturbation?
Can pre-ejaculate cause pregnancy?
What can you observe from MRI noises?
Performing Valsalva maneuver with partly open airway?
How many people have been instantly killed by smoking?
Can the brain be trained to handle oxidative stress better?
Procoagulant salve/cream/gel?
Are fat drippings accounted for in the nutritional labels of meat?
Which Alcohol is fine with upset stomach?
Should we stop using aluminium foil in food preparation and storage?
My son doesn't feel cold
Can sperm fertilize an egg before reaching full maturity?
Is generic Cialis (Tadalafil) equivalent to Cialis?
Is it okay to miss one of vaccine (Pneumococcal conjugate vaccine) for infants?
I'm OK with chilis and any kind of oil. But I can't take any chili oil. Why?
Stop bewilder when go up
Very painful sex AND flaccid after foreplay
Would it be beneficial to see a psycologist even though I am mentally healthy right now?
Piece of leftover toenail on big toe, too small to remove
Is liquorice low FODMAP?
control anger with persons
Permanent saline-injection breast augmentation?
Mosquito repellent using vaporized camphor - Health Issues
How can I loosen tight Trapezius muscles?
Applying kajal in eye leads to dark circle?
Perfumes make me feel thirsty
Is kimchi low FODMAP?
Are systemwide treatment statistics collected in any countries?
Is kombucha low FODMAP?
Why does my nads tickle when going over bumps?
Digesting liquid food vs solid food equivalent
Which one has lower fats? Skim milk Vs. Cottage cheese
Teenagers sleeping patterns and parents actions (force or let-go)
Is it necessary to hydrate before doing a double red cell blood donation?
Can a woman 48 year old get pregnant
Is sex allowed during mononucleosis?
How often should I shower?
Head CT Scan Risks
how electromagnetic fields affect brain activity?
Sublingual Spray Protocol
How important foam mattresses for you health?
Does being infected protect one from further infection?
thyroid stimulating hormone levels and thyroid
Effects of eating too much salt
Impact of Various "Feminizing" Hormones on Metabolism
Late taking birth control pill
Can sweet lime and orange cause kidney stone?
Is it possible to spread cough even if I'm not coughing?
How accurately can a smart phone measure pulse oximetry?
Is having to remove glasses to read normal?
What if you avoid popping your joints entirely?
Can optic neuritis be recovered 100%?
Septic shock versus ordinary shock, symptoms?
Pancreatic mass biopsy results
Ketosis over extended period
Why do I wake up so many times in the middle of the night
Suffering from Gout problem need help?
What is the food with highest calorie per unit price that you can buy and eat regularly?
Can the cysteine from onions assimilated by the body?
Fading acne-hyperpigmentation
What happens to your stomach on extended IV fluid treatment?
Why doesn't food taste good to my mouth?
What is a T2 hyperintense focus in the subcortical white matter?
Does "Hot soup on a hot day keep you cool"?
Acid-reflux safe breath fresheners?
If someone has a bacterial throat infection (tonsillitis), can it be transmitted sexually (penetration)?
Is my ENT specialist ripping me off?
I am not a student of medicine but a research scientist in Algorithms. I wish to contribute to medicine and am looking for a starting point.
90 Day Diets for weight loss (Meal Planning) & Workouts
Does drinking water increase the risk of shock with an open wound?
Is "we are the only species drinking milk from other animals" a good argument against drinking milk?
When should I seek medical help for food poisoning?
Does paste of Licorice root, Burdock root and Dandelion root reverses Hairfall?
What is the least a human needs to survive and remain concious?
Sensitization and Energy Crisis in Myofascial Pain Syndrome
Diagnose angina (chest pain) by taking Nitroglycerin
How hazard is kitchen next to toilet
How does a skull mend after a surgery?
What can I do to minimize the chance of tooth pain?
Is unsealed meat unacceptable?
Eating fruits for Breakfast and Lunch
Eating egg shells: advantages v.s. disadvantages?
Effects of not sleeping at night
5mg tablet (finasteride) and 2mg finasteride tablet
What is the total prevalence percentage for pre-diabetics and diabetics for black race in the US?
Preventing diabetes mellitus
Caffeine's role in fat oxidation
What is the physical meaning of the following two ways of measuring dioptries wrt cylinders?
How a bite inside the mouth gets healed though mouth is always wet inside?
What to use for sore nostrils?
How can blood pressure be high but my pulse low?
Are medical units pertaining to blood-tests, etc. standard/universal? Or vary from country to country?
Nociceptor sensitization and ACh release
Health and magnetic influence of notebook
Can lips become bigger
Traumatic mydriasis (dilated pupil) information
Does exercise increase memory?
Can you thermoregulate a fever externally with e.g. an ice bath?
Why is it or isn't it smart for a healthy individual to perform auto-surgery in removing suspicious skin spots?
Need a primary care doctor: Internal medicine or family medicine?
Are color-blind and blind individuals able to dream in color?
What is the Success Rate of Global Postural Reeducaton for Treatment for Myelopathy
Quick way to determine if a medication is processed in the kidneys or liver?
What evidence does magnesium, zinc & melatonin help you sleep?
Do people from sunnier parts of the world show accelerated aging?
Medical professionals referring to 'left' and 'right': are they referring to my relative directions or theirs?
How about afterwork jogging after drinking a lot of caffee?
How exact do I need to be for Penicillin every 12 hours?
Research paper on living in areas with fresh air after living for more than 20 years in polluted area and impact on health
Is regular water incursion into the ear considered beneficial or harmful?
How serious is the antibiotic resistance problem?
Is there any test to identify bacteria?
Should I wash dental floss pick before passing on the next teeth?
Looking for Bipolar Disorder treatment method
Is it legal for my school to not have nutrition facts?
How can one prevent a mouth sore from worsening if caught early?
Why patting your head and rubbing your belly at the same time is considered difficult to be done?
Why do a follow-up colonoscopy?
Do hearing-impaired individuals need more sleep?
How energizing/effective are Turmeric supplements? They are often advertised on energy drinks
Does the time of day of sugar consumption matter?
One meal a day - meal planning
What causes body temperature to rise drastically after being injured?
are there open-source (non-copyrighted) medical knowledge-bases?
What are the functions of these parts of the brain (MRI)?
Is there ever a time when an appendicitis is not an emergency? Could it explain chronic pain in lower abdomen/pelvis?
If apply regular warm compress unto my scalp, will it mimic the use of topical vasodilators?
Can microneedling damage the buccal nerve if your skin is thin?
Heartbeat pulse strength vs Alcohol
Why doctors have different opinions and diagnosis for the same patient?
black circles on eyes
Which cookware is best from health perspective?
How/why is it possible for a body to produce gallstones -- yrs after gallbladder was removed?
Marijuana effects on body
How impartial is medical research?
How can bee pollen be organic?
Will my hair grow back?
Any known health hazards due to rusty metal on the inside of a microwave oven?
Do drop attacks reoccur?
Why is diarrhea often accompanied by sweat? What is the function of the sweat in this process?
Stevia Sweetener
Do surgical masks effectively protect me against passive smoking and off-gases from cars?
Rash on face, what is the most likely cause and best treatment?
Pealing lips problem
Can one be diagnosed with Lupus without the "Butterfly" rash ever occuring?
How to get to sleep half-an-hour / an hour earlier than the day before?
The exact difference between A1 and A2 milk
Is It OK to take vitamin tablets every day for long time?
When boiling/steaming spinach or kale, are the omega 3 oils boiled out?
Is one more susceptible to chronic pancreatitis if one's pancreas hemorrhaged during a single inexplicable acute pancreatitis event?
Why/how does stress sometimes cause a spike in WBC or even a fever?
Are cell phones still prohibited from the ER or other medical facilities? Why or why not?
How many mL of blood is typically drawn for a HIV blood test?
face skin cream
How Close to Fecal Matter is Unhealthy
Upper body exercises in limited space
long term effects of TB
How can I bypass the most expensive drug in the world which goes on sale and get cured?
Awkward: TWINS, but from DIFFERENT DADS? How rare is heteropaternal superfecundation (statistics)?
Chest pain accompanied with nausea
If alcohol and coffee are both diuretics -- why do so many intoxicated ppl drink coffee to sober up? Dehydration concern.
Afterload during Cardiac failure?
I Easily Gets Motion Sickness/Nausea/Vomit when riding a bus
Which infectious diseases only require a one-off intervention for treatment, cure or prevention?
Ketogenic Diet: Fatty Acid Ratios
Is vitamin D a very passive xenogenic factor to major depressive disorder?
can i lose weight just by dieting?
Will smoking about 10 cigarettes per year over about 50 years virtually do anything to your health?
The enamel of our teeth are softer/harder at various points in the day? Brushing after a meal harmful to enamel?
Can a woman tell which ovary, during ovulation, released the egg? Can she feel pain (due to follicle rupture) particular to one side?
What should be done if a person is stabbed?
Why does high blood pressure cause tinnitus?
How to reduce repetitive strain injury
Should a toddler drink milk if has congestion?
Brain shunt draining
Is stress linked to ulcers? What causes ulcers -- let alone bleeding ulcers?
How do I know I slipped a disc?
What is my eyesight
How to determine between a Baker's Cyst and a Deep-Vein-Thrombosis (DVT) behind knee?
How could Lyrica (pregabalin) cause hallucinations?
Nasal corticosteroids and hypertenstion
Some tips to become more talkative with any person
Sensitization and Ischaemia
What causes myalgia after strength training?
Is it harmful to write on yourself with pen ink?
What field of health science deals with optimizing health for an average healthy person
Does this diet make any sense?
Altitude Sickness & Brain Damage
How much nicotine is in tea and vegetables
What is an unbiased electrical search stimulus?
Affects of nicotine on the nerves
ICD-10 codes: required to go to most-granular level?
Why are neck and shoulder pain a common symptom of Computer Vision Syndrom (CVS)?
Can a small monitor + powerful reading glasses be a substitute for a large monitor with same resolution?
Why is it that when I yawn, I hardly hear anything
Is echolocation common among the blind? Or not so much? How to learn to echolocate?
Can I save road accident victims with my bare hands?
Check Lithium Related Side Effects Without Blood Test
Is there any truth behind violent & risky (suicidal) behavior occurring with lunar cycles, i.e. full moons? Why (if actually true)?
How to decide on travel to possible Zika zone while pregnant
Is the IQOS heat-not-burn cigarette safe?
What's the medical difference between a "Goose Egg" and a "Charley Horse"?
Catch a cold from the grass?
Does the tailbone (coccyx) serve a present function? A few people have been born with tail appendages, right?
Turmeric vs Ibuprofen
Patient safety culture
Contiuously wearing the same contact lens - ok?
calcific tendonitis in the shoulder - lavage treatment effectiveness
Why can not Myelin sheath be fully rebuilt?
Lactase quantity test?
How to clean ears with hydrogen peroxide?
Are tiny brown spots on a tooth a sign of tooth decay? If so, is there a way to stop it from spreading or is it too late? Is it a dead tooth?
Visualization of a game that you just played
White Fingernail?
Vascularization, good or bad for health/muscle growth
Chewing Nicorette Gum for only 30 min
Wearing condom during fellatio,
How does one effectively/safely clean-out or wash their belly button to prevent omphalolith-umbolith (navel stones)?
HOW and WHY does blushing occur when one is embarrassed? Linked to fight or flight primal instincts?
Prevalence rate of thyroid cancer
Can someone get addicted to codeine by taking a few tablets in a month?
Walking and running for venis varicose
How do surgeons select which fixation method to use?
How to measure body fitness
How can an oral antigen help meniere's syndrome?
Is drinking tap water safe in Île-de-France on a long term?
Cannot read from 20 metres away - even with glasses
Termination of possible early pregnancy
Is this a comminuted fracture?
How much water does a 30 year old male need to drink daily?
Which is better in general: fresh vegetables or frozen vegetables
Naturally dissolving kidney stone through daily activities, food and drinking habits
EverlyWell - legit?
Do transvaginal ultrasounds break the hymen if one is a virgin? Is it painful for a virgin?
What is the significance of the right lower node in a 12-lead electrocardiogram placement?
Why is Quark Naturally Fat Free
What caused J&J's Procrit to be so deadly?
Toxicity of Heated Honey
Dietary management for diarrhea
What exactly is fever?
How to know if a person has seizures?
Can constant exposure to static electricity affect the nervous system in any way?
Do all kinds of alcohol trigger the relapse response in alcoholics?
What's the Right Amount of Conditioner to Use for Thick, Male Hair?
Do we know of any vitamin or mineral deficiencies that cause an increase in appetite?
Can unpaid/unlicensed college interns edit medical charts in California?
Why is 2:1 ratio of EPA:DHA recommended
Is the macro-nutrient difference between white and brown rice really that significant?
What benefits for more EKG leads?
Scaphoid Fracture Explained in Layman's Term
Is Klippel Feil Syndrome hereditary? Recessive/Dominant? Liklihood of passing it to offspring?
Postherpetic neuralgia: Treat or suffer the pain (if you can suffer)?
Healthy practices: Bad smell in water bottle
How do I safely treat subungual hematoma? Tamarind seeds paste helps?
Resting heart rate is 40
Need help with Dementia Hackathon Idea (Professionals experienced with dealing with Dementia patients appreicated!)
Are there any reasonably-priced technology to measure any part of your body to help cut the pressure garment precisely
"Cuddle" Parties boost oxytocin? To what degree does it help with pain management and sleep?
Can processed cheese cause a thickening of toenails?
Why is there no triptan on the WHO's list of essential medicine?
Diet/guidelines for fatty liver condition
What are the health differences between pollen and honey?
Did I get Lateral pelvic tilt from left leg overuse?
False eyelashes: eye candy for onlookers or just eye candy for bacteria?
centric occlusion vs maximum intercuspation
Albuterol risks for long-term use
Is there literature or publications where I can find scientific explanation for muscle growth?
Does sausage-making inherently breed and hide bacteria?
Does the saliva of a person just recovered from an infectious disease help to cure another persons having the same disease?
Doing Sports while having Mono
How is PCOS officially diagnosed?
Suicide with no pain
Which kind of muscle has greatest resting metabolic rate; big muscle, or strong muscle?
What are the dangers of sitting on a public toilet seat?
Hyper Magnetism?
Term for noisy non-vocal/non-"wheezy" breathing on inhalation
How to grow nails fast?
Is prescription heroin (under Dr.'s supervision) in Canada, helping those addicted taper off of it?
The Common Cold - what does the name refer to?
My leg sometimes feels non-existent after I wake up
Why do I feel small stings all over my body in stress?
What's up with migraine auras? Why do they occur sometimes with migraines, but not always? What are they even?
Dealing with triangle puncture wounds
Getting thirsty often even consuming water often- why?
Do painkillers cure headaches or just stop us from feeling it?
What is the difference between stress and excitement?
Lipid test interval
What if we replace the DNA in stem cells with ours and we place the cells inside damaged organs to heal them?
Is tuberculosis without expectoration contagious?
Does gargling Hydrogen Peroxide or Listerine help combat cold/flu?
Opoid addiction telltale signs
What are the dangers of eating spoiled meat?
Isolating blood vessels and vasculature of the heart?
Intense heat, muscle spasms during and numbness after back stretch
How much of what Dr. Rhonda Patrick's advice is accepted science vs speculation about potential goodness?
Does High Fructose Corn Syrup show up in the sugar value on Nutrition Facts?
Weakness in a finger (pianist)
What does cavity look like on X ray?
Is there an immune deficiency disorder that fits this description?
Sweet Tooth: Healthier to brush before/after eating sweets? Fluoride protection effective if used right before?
Please say what my ecg means
What's this about Chemical-Warfare?! Nerve agents?! What's the difference between VX and Sarin?
Temperature effect on metal implant
Is it OK to mix liquid and powdered vitamins + supplements together?
Can marijuana help treat Crohn's Disease?
What will be the missing elements in this diet
Do fetuses' blood types ever cause Graft versus Host in the mother?
Considering obesity using BMI
Does Cholesterol Measurement vary throughout the day?
Is there any definitive prevention for tooth decay?
STarT Questionnaire Meaning
Should I stop, Obssessive Compulsive
Calculate U.S. life expectancy for 2025?
Is eating refregerated home cooked food daily bad for health?
What is the most effective thing that has worked for you in getting rid of acne (any kind)?
Is there a way to monitor the quality of healthcare and dental care I am receiving?
Peripherally active sympatholytics?
Leg apparently slightly shorter after femur surgery
Is Forgetting certain spellings a sign of Alzheimer's
What are the implications of extracting a canine tooth without an immediate implant?
What is "lax cardia"?
Urine analysis, the baking soda myth
What are the countries restricted for Workings as a TB diagnosed individual?
Why doctor wont put stethoscope stationary at one point?
For fallen arches - supportive or flat shoes
What happens when you take a whole monthly dose of zinc just once per month?
Can virus and bacteria survive in soda water? (carbonated water)
Why do non-sugary cereals contain twice the iron of sugary cereals?
Why aren't fixed retainers (metal wires) behind front row of teeth affected by the MRI's? Isn't it magnetic?
Do premiums count towards out of pocket maximum?
Importance of ethnicity for organ donor
What to do when an earthquake hits while inside a MRI?
After recovering from a cold, I always wake up with some phlegm in my throat
How do doctors decide on the duration of an antibiotic regimen?
What are my options to get tested for Aspergers as an adult?
Is there a syndrome which causes a child's body not to "age"?
Does moderate drinking cause damage to the liver?
Variety in Diet - Animals and Humans
What are the effects of long term benzodiazepines use?
on what metabolism depends
What nutrients can support an immune system to counteract intense workouts?
Is length a cause of alopecia?
Are aluminum kettles dangerous?
How to stop panic?
How dangerous are cracked teeth?
Harmful to eat meat from livestock/animals with high levels of cortisol (stress) hormone?
Can a hospital bill me based on my name and date of birth?
How is the workflow of physical examination's documentation in the USA exactly?
Pills as an alternativ for fruits
Rabies vaccination, two 3rds of the required course
Can people who are epileptic be more sensitive to heat exhaustion/heat stroke?
Are there scientific studies that support the daily usage of xylitol to prevent oral problems?
Can urinary tract infection be treated by inducing urination?
Dangers of having MRI, CT-scan, & X-ray within a seven day period?
How to make myself sleep on my side?
Epidermolysis bullosa and getting nails done
How does gallbladder removal affects fat digestion?
Non-surgical ways of removing ichor
What exactly are the health risks of using public swimming pools?
Who decides the "normal" values for blood count?
anyone give me a list of Healthy Foods to Crank Up my Sex Drive?
How to get six packs by doing exercise at home?
Effects of masturbation on Health
Walking while eating - choking?
What are the medications you definitely need to tell your dentist about?
Odd leg swelling
Is there a name for an irrational fear of food additives, food colouring, preservatives, etc?
How to keep the brain in an excited state?
Can Videogame physiotherapy help with dorsal hand pain?
Pasta VS Potatoe - Which is worse, and/or better for you
Soreness from not exercising
Does gliclazide increase occurrences of reactive hypoglycemia
Does photographic (eidetic) memory exist or is it a medical myth?
What practically "kills" the human brain without debilitating the person?
DICOM MRI images resolution
Are cremated ashes medically harmful to the living?
We add Sodium with salt but not Potassium
What happens if you use teeth-whitening strips too often?
Surgical masks - do they prevent the spread of disease?
To what extend can passive smoking be dangerous?
Understanding the weight difference between two brothers
Why saliva comes out of my mouth during sleeping?
Dental Braces : Urgent Advise Needed
Permanent damage from anti-inflammatory
Do US students take USMLE exams of the same content like IMG (foreign) doctors?
Which fruits loses less vitamins during a juice preparing?
Accidental hickeys: How long do hickeys last? How to prevent the development of them next time?
Taking pills A + B individually instead of 1 cold medication that has A + B + C + D, bad idea?
Is the second vaccine dose necessary if seroconversion occurred after the first dose?
Safe UV exposure time
Does physical stress on vagaus nerve cause depression?
How can I evaluate my sleeping habits based on a Fitbit Charge HR (or similar)?
What is the LD50 on once-a-day vitamins?
Survival Cannibalism: extreme starvation lead to pica disorder then to cannibalism? What is "edible"?
How to tell if someone is high on meth?
Which blood test results would most indicate further testing for cancer?
Isometric contraction in PNF
Is a taste test a reliable way to determine mineral deficiencies?
Should everyone take an annula flu vaccine?
As a patient, how can I help improve my counseling/therapy sessions?
Statistics of HDN on groups without risk factors
Is "HCL Challenge" a right way to test for Hypochlorhydria?
What's the difference between Vanishing Twin Syndrome & Fetus in Fetu?
Typical size for breast tumor at the beginning and at the end of radiotherapy treatment
Not taking bath or shower when sick
Why are the majority of patients with Edwards Syndrome females?
How do i lose fat and gain muscle at the same time?
Are all Infants' Aquatic Instincts lost after 7ish months? Can they be maintained if skills are utilized often?
Why do we need a rabies vaccine after exposure?
Effect of water consumption on rate of digestion
Reheating Dr. Green Agent X
Tested negative for TB and then tested positive for TB?
Im 14 and I can feel a lump in my left breast. Is this normal?
Reversal of excess fat in men by increase in testosterone
Cleaning to rid house of cat allergen after cat is gone
Which is better; Olive oil or Clarified butter(Ghee)?
Can I remove the dark skin under my eyes
What causes acne, and how do I get rid of it?
Low Resting Heart Rate but high bp
Why are medial epicondylopathies more effectively treated with open, traditional surgical procedures than with arthroscopies?
Why is such a low carb intake mandated for keto-adaptation?
Are there negative consequences of eating large amounts of fiber (if you feel fine with it)?
Why does a yeast infection burn?
Is there any cure for keloids?
Is their a way to train my body out of being allergic (to pollen)?
Is immunotherapy effective against allergies?
Sterile urine, but UTIs?
Are babies under 5th percentile mean they will be small forever?
Where do you even start going into the world of physical health?
Why are healthcare costs so inflated in the USA?
how long can H.Pylori last if not cured?
I'm afraid of going to dentist
Why are antiseptic creams effective for epistaxis?
Normal life with heavy weights?
How long after finishing meal will vitamins be well absorbed?
Why is it important to eat healthy food in a low-stress environment?
How long a phonocardiography (PCG) should be for diagnosis?
Why is there not enough research on heart stent and exercise?
Dealing with a lot of standing
Aphthous ulcer in pancreatic cancer
Do toilet bleach tablets prevent the spread of enteric diseases?
How does immunosuppressant affect immune system?
are fresh squeezed juices bad for the pancreas?
How much rice cakes is too much with regards to arsenic toxicity?
Chances of contracting hook worm in Canada?
Caffeine vs Nicotine addiction
Why is White flour not healthy?
Perfect Solution For Skin and Hair
Why people don't notice the normal blind spot "punctum caecum" in each eye?
Does the presence of a root on a skin cancer aid in identification?
We all know about natural anti inflammatory foods but how many broccoli is equivalent to 1 Tylenol?
I'm scared of certain celestial objects
Relationship between UPF/SPF and reduction in UV damage
Can juices fulfill requirement of water ?
What are the upsides of performing a laryngoscopy through the nose (a.k.a. nasolaryngoscopy) instead of a laryngoscopy through the mouth?
What are "sunset additives"?
laser hair reomval and varicose veins
The upside to hookworms? Possible treatment to asthma?
Acute tendonitis
BPH and anesthesia compatible?
Anorgasmia with SSRI and SNRI prescriptions
Should I take 9 year old Tylenol with codeine?
Why are anti-inflammatories prescribed for an epididymis inflammation?
What drugs can keep you awake for long time?
A medical notation which i could not understand
How can Cortisol be administered in gaseous form?
What are ibuprofen alternatives without the side effects
Why do nails on a chalkboard physically make us cringe?
Is Hemangioma treatable by medicine?
How to work 16 hours a day?
What is the indirect - direct bilirubin ratio in the blood in physiological conditions?
Which has lower rate of getting pregnant and/or a venereal dicease in condom vs pill?
Is sleeping 6 hours (or less) a day harmful for health?
Need help interpreting histology results (punch skin biopsy)
vigorous brushing a cause for dental issues or not?
Blue veins appearing on legs
Are eggs good or bad for iron incorporation?
Can a pet dog be a carrier of chickenpox?
How and where to test for organic mercury levels?
Can prescription lenses correct Chromatic Aberration?
Do humans have a loud sound avoidance reflex?
Dentures for my mother
Effect of acidic fruits on bone calcium
Correlation between carbonated drinks and IQ
How to use normalising gel, cleansing milk, toner and protein mask
For a purpose of a clinical study, what is considered to be a cardiovascular death?
Can you acquire an infection by inhaling bacteria and viruses?
Certain substances smell diffrent when sick
disorder of eye
Can I drink Weight Gainer after Workout and Whey before bed?
Is the yolk of the egg should not be eaten for bodybuilding?
Is Alien Hand Syndrome MORE common among those born with extra limbs and dactyls (fingers and toes)? Or not studied?
How do I realistically assess the risk of side effects with a drug?
What's the quickest and most effective way of removing food from the windpipe in an emergency room setting?
can I take pills before food?
Why does my nose run like a faucet when I'm outside in blustery wet weather?
Pills or what to do when you are emotional
Birth Control Pills. Abnormal Bleeding
What is the recommended dosage of 5000 mcg Vitamin B-12
How come when I drink water really fast I get nauseous
Is there an MRI proof of regenerated human intervertebral disc in the spine?
Has my history of body building made me permanently stronger? (Despite quitting years ago)
Period between Heart lub-dup sound S1 and S2
Wrist pain when bent back
Can eating more fats, carbohydrates and sugar improve mood?
Wearing an underware or not - which makes the hypersensitivity on your glans gone faster?
Seeing through objects
Can some adoptive mothers induce lactation to breastfeed their adoptive infants?
I think I just coughed a little blood, have been dry coughing for 2-3 days. What should I do?
Why can one not simply remove gallstones, not the whole gallbladder?
Can I get chickenpox from meeting someone who lives with someone else with chickenpox?
hip replacement - above titanium?
Is it safe to cease masturbation for good?
When getting injections after a dog bite, what to expect?
Why can biodegradable materials not increase limb length via surgery?
How similar/dissimilar are the requirements to be a registered nurse in America and Europe?
Can you be hyperthyroid even if levels are in Lab range
Is there any food restrictions after dog bite
Which is the best injection after dog bite in india
Can we Walk for few minutes during Glucose tolerance test?
Is a muscle still a muscle after years without usage?
I am totally new and I want to self-learn about nutrition and human health. Where should I start?
I went through surgery and IM nail was placed in my leg, removed fear of infection because the OP site refused to close completely,
Real dangers of CT Scan made only once at age of 31
Resources for human anatomy
What are some of the most extreme physiological effects associated with PTSD?
Which kind for filter to protect eyes from LED's blue light : UV(A), UV(B) or UV(C)?
How infectious is herpes?
Incidence of anisakidosis in Japan
Covariance matrix for Complete blood count
For painting/drawing models, what is the maximum exposure time and maximum light intensity of a spot shining in your eyes at a fixed position?
Side Effects of Monitoring Blood Stream for Weeks?
Why do my hair and scalp feel greasy and itchy until I shower?
Hot water burn management
Are there any negative health effects associated with breathing in air surrounding sulphur hot springs?
Which type of specialist should we see for bleeding and possible liver damage after alcohol withdrawal?
What is a Lymph Node Collection
Where can I find information about this deletion?
How common is it for women in their 20's to have a BRCA gene test conducted?
When not to apply pressure to bullet wound?
How to calculate nutrition fact?
Swallowed very little and porous plastic parts. Might it be dangerous?
Does taking antibiotics make you immune to virus?
Eating ice-cream for breakfast may improve mental performance & alertness? Legit?
How to improve your short term memory?
What are the reasons for the major decline in the rate of newly discovered antibiotics?
Can flatulence be a cause of sleeplessness?
What factors, beside blood-type, are considered a "good match" for organ transplants?
Do drugs that increase (or don't decrease) mortality during clinical studies still get approved and if so - why?
Why do my tears burn?
Can using moisturiser make acne worse?
Will a CT scan help monitor my Tibia recovery better than an Xray?
Is it safe to use extremely diluted H2O2 (< 0.1%) On eyes regularly?
Which type of bread is good for health?
Reddened in the face / red skin in the face
Herpes: would prophylaxis H202 3% or alchol 70% decrease risk of infection from exposure?
What are some of the risks associated with Septoplasty?
Is drinking 'radioactive carbon-14' safe?
Is Arcalion 200mg by Servier good for ADHD
Can trauma to a liver with mild fat accumulation result in death?
Does aerobic exercises increase the blood around the tendons that attach to the epicondyles at the elbow end of the humerus?
How to open my partially closed ear?
Travelling to country with endemic measels - Do I need MMR shot renewed?
Are marshmallows an effective remedy for sore throats?
Why don't people who get gastric bypass surgery starve to death?
Nootropics for epileptics
How to keep my brain active and alert in natural always
How fast can a common cold progress/develop into pneumonia?
What causes asymptomatic itching with rarely distributed rash?
Derivation of 175 in MDRD Equation
Bad Breath Problem
Use of fire retardants in fabric
Blood in urine without seeing it...?
How would oral medication be given to patient in ICU that can't swallow?
Keto diet and mouth odor
Nutrition Facts and Fatty acides
Healing progress of tibia fracture 8 weeks post surgery
How does coffee affect blood sugar levels?
MD-PhD vs DVM-PhD
Possible mucus come out of eye when blow nose?
Mammals instinctively lick their wounds. There are benefits and risks. If your immune system is healthy, is it wise to lick your wounds?
What is the differences between the professions and requirement of pathologist and biotechnologist?
Picking healthy ingredients for sandwich in Subway
Music/Sounds sound different after a night out
Dermatitis exfoliate the most possible etiology
What happened to this guy? (Graphic)
Is there a medical database with data (measured from patients) for research?
What is the difference between a percutaneous endoscopic procedure and a laparoscopic procedure?
What level of alcohol is dangerous for children
Dry red patches on face?
What type of liver is richest in Vitamin D?
Is it unhealthy to eat the oil in the food?
Unit of the daily recommended amount of calories
Book about Herbal Medicine for Diabetes
Can KCl (potassium chloride) salt substitute be used in a saline solution?
Is there any other alternative treatment in his case?
Droplet Contact or indirect physical contact
tomato puree - five a day
Sleep issues when sleeping on back
Contagiousness of lip herpes in the work environment?
How can I obtain "activated oxygen bleach"? I hear that it can help people to disinfect their laundry.​
Amaranth + Yogurt advisable in ayurveda?
Aloe Vera and Diabetes
Does consuming dairy make mucus thicker? Why?
Mercury fails to rise in thermometer
Nutritional Value / Beneficial Substances contained within Turmeric skin
Is it possible for the lungs and heart to work independently of one another?
How can you disinfect your laundry?
How can a bone marrow transplant from a donor of a different blood type not get rejected?
Does sleeping on one side affect cognitive development?
How do I recover from a torn wrist ligament?
Why do people lose their appetite while having a fever?
Why are obgyns generally hesitant to do VBAC (vaginal birth after cesarean sections) births? Do previous c-sections impose added risks?
Not losing visceral fat (beer belly)
Why sneezing occurs when suddenly exposed to bright lights?
Can caffeine be absorbed through the skin? Specifically, do caffeinated soaps boost energy?
What is the minimum energy needed to stay alive?
Taking Benadryl after Claritin
Can one contract Chagas Disease from the region near the Galapagos Islands?
Is it possible for a healthy person to drown in their sleep without waking up?
menorrhagia in early hyperthyroidism
Do bananas prevent cancer?
Condition of mucus coated trachea, but clear lungs?
What's the earliest possible ovulation day/ possibly pregnant
How to handle overthinking and being nervous all the time
Why do people infected with rabies have a fear of water?
Getting rid of sex drive
Ankylosing Spondylitis early diagnosis
Need some clarification on benign prostate hyperplasia (BPH)
Root canal therapy for diabetes patient?
Are cotton ear cleaners safe to clean the ear wax?
Meta analyses on vegetarian diet
How can I detect condom failure?
What does the pH of stomach have to be in order to heal gastritis/ulcers?
Right arm muscle cramps and inability to move or feel
Can it hurt you to eat a worm in a strawberry
What is the distal portion of the ribs?
Anti-PD1 in adjuvancy after resection of metastatic melanoma in Europe
When is guilt in depression considered psychotic?
Rehydrate & avoiding dehydration without excessive urination?
Is Adderall safe for someone who donated a kidney?
What are some better alternatives to HIV antibody test?
Physical sunscreen high SPF vs high active ingredient percentage
Why don't leave HIV infected people in aseptic environment until they're cured?
Why do legumes + grains make 'complete proteins'?
How does the heart rate change during REM and non-REM stages?
Best books for understanding pathophysiology
How to avoid gallstones?
Are there any non-injection methods of delivering long-acting insulin?
Reading radiology reports: What do two numbers separated by a slash mean?
Are there any insulin pumps which are attached for more than a few days?
Growing foetus in another woman's womb
How are performers able to "swallow" swords without harming their body?
Increase in lens power
What can extreme tinitis and other ear problems be related to?
rheumatoid arthritis and air conditioned environment
What can cause infertility in men?
Eradicating HIV
Any Drug working as " Anti Anaesthetic "?
Violent Shivering in Wounded and Incapacitated Patients
Is tetra pack milk safe to drink?
Why does sexual abuse have a different mental effect than physical abuse?
Various effects of prednisolone
What is the effect of diet on sleep allowances?
Is a caregiver allowed to pickup prescription medicine for elderly person living in assisted living center?
Severely dehydrated. Any "quick" way to fix that?
What might be the cause of this unexplained, prolonged groin pain symptom
Ipecac emetic still available?
GI bleeds in IV vs Oral steroids
Australia: Pulse oximeter for overnight sleep study
What makes mint feel painful?
Is there any evidence for the idea that eating too many nuts makes you allergic?
Is it true that brains can metabolize ketones?
Optimal length of music break to reduce long term risks of noise-induced hearing loss?
Can one have Sciatica without having the leg pain? Just lower back pain?
Is vigilance correlated to intelligence?
Is it safe to use magnesium hydroxide as an anti-perspirant?
Communication between Contour Next Link 2.4 and insulin pump MiniMed 640G
Does aspartame cause the body to absorb more sugar?
How does longhorn beef compare to other meats wrt a heart-healthy diet?
What is a PAINs (pan-assay interference compounds)? How do you prove that a compound is a PAIN? And IMPs (invalid metabolic compund)?
Is the "Clock Drawing Test" for encephalitis assessed in the same way as screening for dementia?
Foods that are salty but not fatty
gauge R&R of time varying data: how to discriminate between equipment variation and actual signal variation?
Can medicines which expired a month ago be consumed safely?
Can computers cause issues to retina?
What CGM systems don't require fingerstick calibration?
One sunburn peels after 2 days, another after 2 weeks. Why?
Why has the number of medication errors increased by 463% between 2010 and 2016 in the US?
Do women with polycystic overian syndrome is prone to have insomnia during motherhood?
Are there any significant differences between Triceba and Toujeo?
What is the best diet for healthy eyesight?
Ways to reverse a cavity before it goes rotten?
Medicine/drug to "get along" with difficult people?
Wrist Blood Pressure Monitor Accuracy?
To what extent does filling more prescriptions increase the number of medication errors?
What factors cause an unfit person to get out of breath faster?
How does a baby's skin appear normal after birth?
How long does it take for iron supplements to start improving energy levels? Is it instant or gradual?
Do artificial sweeteners increase risk of diabetes or hyperinsulinemia?
Amount of Bleeding from Wounded Lungs
What is cross-resistance against lice?
Wearing under corrected diopter diving mask (hyperopia)
Good "study" foods? Which foods imporve cognitive abilities, memory, concentration & overall mental performance?
Can my Girlfriend Get Pregnant 9 Days before her period?
At what daily dose does daily aspirin use become dangerous for a long-term user?
Is dental floss really effective? According to studies, it is not
What type of diet is effective at eliminating small intestinal bacterial overgrowth?
Glutamate substitute for ALS?
How do coroners/forensic scientists know if an assault occurred during one's life or post-mortem?
why is it not allowed to take aspirin based medicines before a day and after a week of cataract surgery?
Do concussions affect children more profoundly than adults?
Why does the calories from fat to total calories ratio not match the grams of fat to grams per serving ratio?
CRPS without constant pain
List of Organs by Vascular Density?
How long it takes to return to daily activities?
Do I have a disorder? (See description)
Are two cups of nescafe a day good for my health?
Do fiber pills interfere with prescrption medications?
Is eating too much cholesterol bad?
Leukemia this merciless desease
What is the estimated monetary benefit (or cost) of annual checkups?
Left pinky finger pain due to typing
Will my health insurance provider report my STD testing to my (policy holder) parents?
Why is acid reflux (allegedly) often confused with chest pain?
Any irreversible damage from not treating common cold right
Can I use take pills to prevent micronutrient deficiencies and not worry about my diet too much?
Can the repeated pulling of a particular muscle without time to fully heal in between injuries cause chronic pain?
I have a question regarding use of loop diuretics in hypertension
Why is Chlorprothixene not approved for use in the United States?
our head supposedly perfectly centered?
Getting rid of caffeine addiction
Branch of medicine that falls under scar removal
how does the immune system identify allergens? application: varenicline and lobeline
Feel my heart beating even when resting, happened after drinking
Do I need to get re-immunized for immunities received prior to contracting measles?
Intense headaches while ejaculating semen
Can Viagra cause a spontaneous erection?
Why do some medications have HCl?
How to check if condoms are good to use?
Genetically Modified Banana?
Minor feral cat scratch that bled 6 days ago. Rabies possibility?
Can a mosquito bite on different parts of the body react differently?
Why do vitamin supplements often have quantities way in excess of RDAs?
Are there health issues with gaining 24 pounds in one year if otherwise healthy?
What diseases can be cured by laughing?
Why does prosopagnosia (face blindness) only affect recognition of faces?
Question about pregnancy and epidural anesthesia: How can a woman give birth under anesthesia?
Is topical corticosteroid vasoconstriction temporary?
Why does sugar get such a bad rep?
How often can we pull an all-nighter until the body is irreversible damaged?
Should I "give in" to insomnia?
Are there any real-world application in a bone fracture detection program?
How can I make getting an IV easier?
Is it indeed forbidden to clean a rabies wound with alcohol?
What to eat when you are a skinny fat?
Data on "perfect use" vs "typical use" of contraceptives?
Gaining weight by eating mustard seeds
Why do I get bloated stomach when in office but not at home?
Effects of eating rice at dinner time
Fall Recovery Assist
Is skydiving from 4km dangerous for people who suffer from ear pain in planes?
Are there effects of chlorine on abrasions?
Name of septoplasty technique without nose tubes?
Switching hot and and cold water while taking bath
Impacted wisdom tooth
How do you know if someone's weight is too low to be a healthy person?
Can superficial injury and exercise elevate AST and LDH levels?
What do these blood tests mean in general and why do doctors ask for them before taking action?
Where can I find information about foods fatty acids?
Is stomach fat more "stubborn" than other body fat?
Opposite Venous Blood pH Readings In Groups Of Patients?
How serious is thyroid swelling while on medication for Graves Disease?
How low can you go?
Not reaching a calorie goal/putting weight on
Mental disorders - where to go?
How to avoid general weakness when taking antibiotics
Is a general vaccine against getting a cold possible?
How to loose weight as a 17 year old?
Downward Double-Vision
Basic CPR practice without a dummy
Can a healed fracture impact the structure of the sinus?
How much Vitamin D does the body produce if you are outdoors a whole summer day?
Improving skin color and shining through diet
Test UV protection on sunglasses
What is the risk of one-time small exposure to Roundup Weedkiller Spray?
Stomach cancer - as bad as it looks?
Does eating too much cocoa have harmful side effects?
Should I continue fasting if I have diarrhea?
Can a healthy baby / new born be carried longer when the weather is hot if carried skin to skin against its father's chest?
What would happen if you administered endothelin during a myocardial infarction?
Relationship between Helicobacter pylori and stomach acid
Shampoos that are supposed to help hair grow - how long should they be left in before rinsing?
Disclosing agent for showering?
Does the body adapt to recurring blunt force trauma?
Passing out after injections
Can carbonated water produce addiction in humans?
Should I still worry about my Omega-3 to Omega 6 ratio when I consume other anti-inflammatory foods with my meals?
When is it most effective to take a Tryptophan supplement?
Topical corticosteroids on penis vasoconstriction
Onion juice and hair regrowth
Why do people smoke? Everyone knows it is unhealthy
Blood Test Panel for weight loss in females
why don't babies drown in the womb?
What are basic checks to be done yearly
What kind of implant abutment is it?
Why is nutritionally complete food always powdered, and are there non powdered versions?
In-ear earphone to sleep
How to reduce fatigue after office?
Just learned the previous two owners of the house I bought died of cancer, should I be worried?
Combining lactose-free dairy and regular dairy
What's the correct way to sneeze?
Health Benefit of Social Nudity - Testicular Torsion Prevention?
Health Benefit of Social Nudity - Parasite Reduction?
Health Benefit of Social Nudity - Improvement of Homeostasis?
Should Ureaplasma Urealyticum be treated if it doesn't cause any symptoms?
HPV 51 positive male - how to avoid cancer?
How long can a fair skinned person be safely exposed to the sun without sunscreen?
What interval of time does A1C give blood sugar information about?
The most confusing concepts in weight loss
What exactly is a diuretic and its relationship to dehydration
What is the amount of caffeine in the human body over time?
Whose bite is worse for infection a cat's bite or a dogs?
Can anesthesia cause an addiction
Is Depo-Provera shot directly start working?
What's The Minimum Staffing/Logistics For Running A Hospital?
Are Depressions in the Skull Normal or At Least Okay
Are chiropractors the only professionals who will "adjust" the spine?
What is the physiological difference between people that can function on limited sleep, and other?
Lactase enzyme products and dental health
Can you eat nuts after brushing?
Is sugar in beverages worse than sugar in solid food (i.e. candy, chocolate) with respect to diabetes type 2
Which foods increase the brain activity?
Disadvantages of Running in Night after dinner
Does conscious sleep impair immunity?
Why does gas cause pain?
Which long-term effects can hypocortisolism have on behavior?
Brain performance suppliments
Are there any side effects of general anesthesia over local anesthesia?
Anorexia and drinking water
What is the name for an underdeveloped MCP joint in the thumb?
Any research on brain's processes involved in evil actions?
PCP and OEKO-TEX® Standard 100
How does the schedule for a vaccination in multiple injections work?
What are the reasons for developing the wrinkles in the eyes? Is sun exposure an important cause?
What is the failure rate of orthodontic treatments?
Is there disadvantages in staying idle with hunger?
Asthma without coughing, wheezing, or chest tightness?
Is there any disadantage in reduce belly fat by machines or by medical treatments
Resistance of Bacteria to Antibiotics after fall-back
Is Anilingus healthy?
Anatomy of Knee Locking That Heals in Weeks
What is the most advanced non-invasive technology these days for identifying clogged arteries?
Does my breast size decrease permanently after weight loss?
APC cells - autoreactivity
What is the meaning of T2 Nx Mx in HPE?
Vaccines and autoimmunity concerns
What is the significance of "patients zero" in infectious disease beyond epidemiology?
Is spotting considered a period?
Strange hair growth behavior
Caffeine tolerance
Does soaked oats lower glycemic index (GI) and does it chemically/biologically count as cooked?
Getting red spot after 3 days of Tb Skin test
Fact or Hoax : Unconventional method of saving human life from stroke?
Is it safe to eat uncooked (raw) oats
Keeping a heavily bleeding patient awake. Why?
How can I trust my doctor and what he said
What are the food behaviors of anorexic patients?
Circumvent death by hypothermia
Ejaculating while sleeping
can a person get infected by Hepatitis B while taking Hepatitis B vaccine
Is it a good idea to consume Soylent meal replacements (specifically containing potassium supplements)?
23andMe DNA Test is reliable?
Why am I feeling too weak that can’t stand up after seeing new syllabus before two days of exam?
Synthroid : 30 minutes to 1 hour before meal. What if person waits more than 1 hour
How long does it take for Vit D medications to show effect?
What foods can increase penis length and girth?
Scrotal swelling affecting a child
What is the difference between soda water and water?
Which treatment approaches for compulsive overeating are most effective?"
Lack of sex drive
Intubation with bag-mask ventilation after pneumothorax or tension pneumothorax
Correlation between blood pressure and cardiac output in the elderly
Is undermethylation considered a legitimate diagnosis?
Elderly Father Takes Prevacid for last 20 years, seems to do more harm, how to stop
Having sex with someone who's had many sexual partners,
signs your metabolism is slowing
What does "Primary Purpose: Treatment" mean in a clinical study?
Why consciousness is lost immediately when heart stops beating?
How to decide which kind of rice to prefer?
What is the pH of La Croix?
Platelet Rich Plasma Injections
Are there any risks about switching to a non-fluoride toothpaste?
Why White Blood cells are that important in defining infections
Normal high lymphocyte count in children
Ringing in ears
Why does fess Sinu-Cleanse say not to use if your nasal passages are completely blocked
What is the difference between cetylpyridinium chloride and alcohol?
Does birth control affect menstrual normality after stopping use in patients with PCOS?
Eight (wisdom) teeth extraction in Germany
Is is safe to re-use McDonalds Lego Happy Meal Cups?
Is there a health difference between equally lean red meat vs poultry?
What are the psychological effects for Munchausen by Proxy (MSBP) victims? Stockholm-Syndrome?
In what format does your practice send patient records to individuals who request it in electronic format?
How does metformin interact with nicotine?
Immune system & methylphenidate?
Is it a good idea to replace Sodium Chloride (NaCl) with Potassium Chloride (KCl) for everyday consumption?
How does one strengthen the muscle connected to the lower end of the scapula?
Are there no threats and only benefits for using hyperbaric oxygen therapy?
Interested in how these particular supplements work together
Will maximizing my ejaculation load help to increase my chances of becoming a father?
Urinating while excreting
Affect of raw and diluted sodium on human
Rodents falling from the ceiling at Chipotle restaurants, what to do?
Eating cherry tomatoes daily - Healthy?
Defibrillator from China
I've unprotected acceptive oral sex with 3 partners, two of which were from escort service. What are my chances to get some desease(s)?
Can I continue to eat a cereal my cat ate out of?
What are the health implications of using ethylene glycol to treat athletes foot (tinea pedis)
First aid for minor burns
Can amphetamines suppress reactivity to scratch testing (for immunotherapy)?
Any drug interactions between Ginkgo Biloba and psychotropics?
Hermaphrodites (born with both sets of genitalia): Do surgeons HAVE to perform surgery? How soon? Decision basis for which genitalia to keep?
Do our skin get normal after obese person lose weight?
Whatever happened to Tonsillitis?
Noogie = concussive force?
Is scalpel-free vasectomy safe and effective?
Is it possible for a syphilis test to be negative when a syphilis chancre is present?
Who are some of the world's most recognized experts on the tailbone/coccyx?
Is it possible to reach an orgasm without physical stimulation (masturbation)?
How common is CTE in normal adults?
What a heroin addict takes when there's no heroin available, in order to avoid abstinence syndrome?
Eliminating deafness
Is it impossible to impregnate a woman during her period, and in the few days after?
Carrots of other colors besides orange
Neutralize bile in stomach
Total Amount vs. Percentage of Nutrients
How much protein per 100g is considered "high protein"?
Can very tight glasses restrict blood flow to the brain?
Food Packaging Labels' Ingredient Statement Required To List Allergens?
Hospital says their blood test caused sepsis. How serious is this?
Options after exposure to ABS fumes
How bone of broken toe can be straightened without surgery?
Is there a mental disorder that causes people to do things in their sleep?
Why losing apetite is always a criteria when stomach pain happens
Should one retake the tetanus vaccination?
Will there never be a cure for cancer?
Snake bite & setting it on fire
Does free sugar intake before meals cause more adverse effects than after them?
Tattoo on person with hepatitis b
What specialty of doctor should one see for recurrent fungal skin infections?
Venous PO2 and anemic hypoxia
How do you estimate glucose and sucrose levels of a food product?
Anabolic Effects of Beta-Ecdysterone
Headphone usage with audiobooks
Is There Any Point In Getting Lab Tests Done If I Can't Find a Primary Care Physician?
Herbs that Would Relax the Mind but Not Decrease Blood Pressure?
How does donepezil impact the immune system?
How much T4 increase do you get per mcg of levothyroxine?
Do the health benefits of beetroot juice outweigh how rank it tastes?
Should all the stuff be thrown away when moving out from a house with mold?
What does CRP decreased result means within 2 months
Will an office chair that promotes better posture help with sleep apnea?
How can a person make his/her immune system stronger and prevent flu?
Protrusion or Extrusion?
What are the best foods for cutting calories?
Calories uptake and reduce
What's a patient's 'journey' (yuck) through A&E?
Time of day to go to the gym (cardio + weights), with regard to mental performance
Does C. Difficile disappear completely?
With orthotics, is there any objective way to know if your feet are being held in the right position?
Does frequent masturbation decrease testosterone levels in men?
Eye drops came to mouth through eyes
Is there a direct correlation between high testosterone level and weak immune system?
Does looking at a computer can be good for your eyes?
Does consuming Creatine harm the kidneys, or does it artificially elevate serum Creatinine?
How to get rid of insomnia naturally?
How can someone not working in the pharmacologic industry help find a solution for a medical problem without donating money and without waiting?
Reason behind testing blood when someone is suffering from Common cold and fever?
What is the definition of Suicidal Ideation?
On the mechanics of chickenpox immunity for newborns and breastmilk antibody transfer
For varicella zoster(chickenpox), when are vaccination / antiviral drugs effective?
Can a headache be caused solely by a smell?
High skin melanoma incidence in Australia and New Zeland
What are the long term effects of Dexedrine (for adult ADD)?
How can a BP goal be recommended, but not a diastolic or systolic goal?
Are there any drugs that provide erection without sexual stimulation?
Is my diet affecting my skin?
How to I overcome extreme anxiety without medication?
Mechanism of action (MOA) of Caffeine
Is it mandatory to for a blood pressure patient to take medicines throughout the life span?
Can individuals experience a 'pleasurable' form of psychosis?
Can a mucocele on the lip pop up and become a canker sore?
Is 2nd hand smoking worse than 1st hand smoking
What is the current standpoint on artificial sweeteners?
Has the calorie content of soda (in US) increased over the years?
What shots are not okay for someone with egg allergies?
Does my routine effect my health and age?
What should I check before taking protein supplements?
how soon after unprotected sex can side effects of getting pregnant occur?
Does taking medication lose hyperfocus on ADHD?
Homeopathic remedy for low testosterone?
How should I deal with my leg being tired at the fourth day after the overexertion?
What should do to reduce belly fat who sit in around 8-14 hours per day at office?
How to find other help when doctors can't help
Food calories by type and weight
What is the meaning of "WES" "LEG" or "CAD" written next to a prescription?
My mom is experiencing strong vertigo
How often should I clean my apartment?
Is our use of cooking oils responsible for the insufficient conversion of Omega-3 to EPA and DHA?
Is there any known link between cholecystitis (gall bladder inflammation) and breastfeeding?
Is it true that I can't consume citric foods while on Warfarin?
What are effective treatments for venous leak?
Is Ayurveda treatment effective for modern diseases?
Is viral keratitis contagious?
Mental disorders are documented in the DSM, how are other medical conditions documented?
Is corneal ulcer contagious?
Possible blood test after smoking weed
Are there any good studies on daily kcal intake?
Is it OK to use soap to clean penis?
Can cigarettes help trigger bowel movements?
Will hair that fall along with dandruff regrow?
Does fasting inhibit healing?
Can Spinal Alignment Cause Fatigue?
Does antacid increase intestinal and stomach ulcers?
Gallstones: risks of leaving untreated? Effective non-surgical treatments?
Can thrombolysis "cause" an embolism?
What is Immunotherapy for cancers?
Occasional medical tests and imageries
Can thyroid disease be reversed without using lifelong medicine?
References for comprehensive guideline for individualized vaccination schedules
can sleeping near a wifi router harm your health?
Does Dermatitis Herpatiformis have a differential diagnosis?
How do I determine reputable health information soon?
How to improve joint cartilage thickness
Effects of children's exposure to video-games
Can the morning after pill affect your body temperature?
Is Myopia Reversible/Curable?
Do lice survive on body parts other than the scalp?
Can low libido be a side-effect of schizoprenia medications?
Are some people more susceptible to dehydration than others?
Treatment Options for Fungal Diseases
How can post-shaving pimples be prevented?
What does the stability of blood test means for patient who have few pains in different parts of the body
What guarantees the benevolence of a doctor?
Have to constantly pick my nose in order to breathe normally
Walking as a healthy habit for the aged and my doctor's thoughts on it
Ice bath cryolipolysis?
Being drunk, how does vomiting help become responsive?
For how long drowsiness and intoxication last with Tramadol 50mg
Contagiousness and Survival of the Chlamydia trachomatis Bacterium
Why is nicotine gum so expensive?
Does the use of sunscreen inhibit Vitamin D production?
Reasons for tooth-base sensitivity?
What are some reliable and free basic online nutrition courses?
Why do some companies in the United States ask their employees not to share information regarding health plans?
Would a psychopath's grandiosity be outweighed by their manipulativeness?
Is there a name for wrinkling and skin peeling on a single fingertip?
Exercising a leg with a broken femur
I have painful/weak knees - which practitioner is best to see?
Can ear wax cause nasal congestion?
How long does it take for diarrhea to pass through the bowels?
Active ingredient of Durex Intense Orgasmic Gel that should cause arousal?
What happens if pus is not drained from an abscess?
Health risks of acrylic mouth guards
Antidepressant response post MAOI tachyphylaxis
Can semi-occlusive dressings be used to remove scars?
What should a vegetarian student cook in a foreign country
transdermal estrogen use sans progesterone & endometrial and breast cancer risk?
Relation between Cold & Mood
Is there any adverse effect to my feet if I wear running shoes all the time?
Why is thalidomide a current drug on the market?
Is Moderated Caffeine Good? (if so how much and how often)
How is the pain of Osteoarthritis related to Lunar movements?
How do you filter out Benzene?
Why are airplane pilots more likely to have skin cancer?
What are long term complications of mild to moderate leg length discrepancy?
Dietary Interactions that cause Constipation
Difference between H Pylori Breath Test and SIBO 24h PH Breath Test
Relationship between carbonated water intake and cavities?
Does cinnamon accelerate metabolism?
Can age affect how carbohydrates affects your energy level?
What triggers yawning for some people during physical activity
Can facial mass be increased?
How long can an allergic reaction last after exposure to an allergen?
Why do exercises for lower back pain concentrate on the abdominal musciles?
How long should one wait to eat after exercise
What would be the impact of taking a 1 cell thick slice down the middle of a person
Sleeping with the penis in the vagina
Safe way to increase salivation at night/during sleep
Any link between Cubital Tunnel Syndrome and "chronic" tendonitis?
Hearing with head upside down
Is it possible to have a negative skin test for tuberculosis and a positive QuantiFERON -TB Gold In-Tube Test?
Reference(s) describing various challenges of introducing artificial intelligence into medicine
Wound care specialist says “it has healed too much, now it can’t heal”
Do periodontal exams spread infection?
Long term side effects of Xolair
Is there a service that translates medical reports into everyday language?
Link between combat sports and mental health
What is the medical term for a scab?
Is there scientific evidence that low-carb diets enhance athletic and mental performance?
When is hand sanitizer appropriate/sufficient in place of warm water and soap?
Possible to whiten teeth beyond natural color without veneers?
Taking Blood Pressure Bilaterally -- Why?
By what mechanism does drinking liquids reduce the symptoms of a sore throat?
What might require a hand to be immobilized for a period of time?
Where can I find information about the 16:8 diet?
Why are parts of my teeth super white, but most yellow?
How to publish a new orthodontic technique/device?
In sepsis what therapies are used to reduce the over-reaction of the immune system?
Can you cure an allergy by repeatedly consuming the allergen?
Where I can find infomation about ALL diseases of human beings?
Diet influence on body blood circulation
Why patient has to be awake during cardiac catheterization?
Which criteria should one look at when purchasing an electric toothbrush?
Does 'vaping' affect your lungs?
Food which does not produce urea
Fat vs. Obesity
Differential diagnosis of swolen tonsils with exudates
Is there a reliable website about cosmetic science?
Any way to prevent lightheadedness when getting up?
Interaction of Trypsin or Chymotrypsin with alcohol
Should we all eat more Protein?
How fast can serum calcium, magnesium and potassium levels change?
Why does the price for a prescription drug fluctuate?
Clonazepam and pregnancy
Fact or Myth, Will too much smile cause wrinkles?
Is there a list of the most prominent textbooks in each field of medical expertise?
What are health benefits of DGL Licorice
How do I evaluate health benefits and health advertisements of products?
What are known health effects of smoking e-cigarettes
Type of Flu Shot for Person in Late 30s - Which Standard Dose Provides Most Protection?
What clinical studies demonstrated that CelGro improves tissue in-growth and repair for the rotator cuff tendon injuries?
Why do some people get purple stains on teeth from red wine, and some don’t?
A solution to autumn(fall)
Pregnancy and flying
Why should I avoid milk when on antibiotics?
How to discover allergies to certain foods?
What is the formula for the Smart Body Mass Index?
Acetaminophen after a heart attack
Is there a shampoo that does not contain SLS or cocamidopropyl betaine?
Recommendations for correct healing of a skin wound after removal of stitches?
Restoring vocal chords after tracheostomy?
Health benefits from giving blood?
Hazards of mouthwash?
Are "latex fruit intolerance/syndrome" and "histamine intolerance" related or otherwise two names for the same problem?
Eggs & heart health?
Are minerals in salts (e.g. Himalayan) overrated?
How to get rid of acne marks and scars?
The difference between ticks & fleas?
Hyponatremia and hypobicarbonatemia
Tinnitus caused due to random impulses?
What causes the long tiredness caused by the Infectious mononucleosis disease (by the Epstein-barrvirus)?
Differences between MD vs DO regarding computational research?
Is pasteurized or non-pasteurized milk healthier for an adult male in his early 40s?
Reaching Maximum Heart Rate during PE
Do computer lens have side effects?
Is nurse prescribing limited to PGD medication?
Hydrating before a fast day
Are canned/bottled foods acidified?
Does pepcin play a role in GERD/LPR?
What is the name of this disease, it's cause and cure?
How common are tics as a side-effect when taking Lamotrigine?
Why stomach ulcer need more than one antibiotic at the same time?
Would it be fair to say heart disease, diabetes (II), and Alzheimer's disease are all the same health issue expressed different ways?
Do seizures result from an excess of electrical current or electrical voltage in the brain?
Can a stomach endoscope miss a peptic ulcer
What is the life expectancy of a sperm in dried semen?
Can silicone plaster "Mepiform" be used for the atrophic scars?
CT Scans and Cancer Risk
Is it unhealthy to steam my eyes in order to cure Blepharitis?
What would you call the following type of injury?
Psychology knocks me down
Does it matter for metabolism at what time of day we eat?
Saturated and unsaturated fats, same compound in blood/cells?
Can posture affect the jaw position?
Insurance: deductible vs. coinsurance
What is the effect of sound frequency on hearing?
Skin under bulla hurt when in contact with water
Should fish oil supplements be taken with food?
What are the differences between Stratamed and Strataderm gels?
Why isn't there a larger effort to reverse and block the effects of androgens on skin?
What happens in an emergency room in this situation?
Does wrapping hot towel in neck to get rid of sore throat and cold?
What are the differences between Mepiform and Mepiderm silicone plasters/tapes?
what is really working solution for armpit sweat
Are essential amino acids for humans sythensized from plants only?
How long can vestibular neuritis last?
Maximum time for symptoms of pregnancy to show up?
What are some healthy food to eat in between meals when a person gets hungry?
How highly trained are paramedics in Hong Kong?
Relation between health and coffee
Does entraining gamma oscillations attenuate AD-related pathology in humans?
What works better in minimizing scars? Silicone plasters or silicone gels?
Detecting a tendinopathy by touching
What vitamins are useful for restoring the skin after an injury?
How can CPR breathing be made less off-putting
Can too much potassium from sports drinks be dangerous/lethal?
In what proportion of patients does a DVT progress to a PE?
Does less than 10% of donated used medical equipment ultimately becomes operational?
How much water weight is it normal to lose while sleeping?
What are the effects of swallowing own blood from nosebleeds?
How can I test myself if I suffer from RA in hands?
Is it normal to have high cholesterol after pregnancy?
What is the reason you can only take flucloxacillin on an empty stomach?
Infant dieting habits in natural setting
Is exercise at night dangerous?
Ischaemia and sensitization
Is a hyperventilation+hypoventilation breathing exercise (Wim Hof Method) more likely to prevent or promote cancer?
Teeth with removed nerves. Possible remineralization?
Prepare tea directly in water boiler - dangerous?
What education background is generally required in order to understand and study advanced topics in cancer?
What does B.D means in a Doctor's Prescription?
What can you infer from an unknown drug from its name
Relation between phlegm and hair loss
White, filling type of, tooth medication. What is it?
How to assist an epilepsy sufferer in convulsion?
What (if any) are the measurement units for neurotransmitters?
Do growth hormone intakes help heal a tendinopathy?
Is it dangerous to inhale agar-agar jelly
Risk related to dust/particles floating around when scrubbing macadam?
What foods should a pregnant woman eat and which foods should she avoid?
Is Type 2 Diabetes reversible?
Chagas disease: transmission
Does cannabidiol (CBD) help prevent or heal a tendinopathy?
Is it normal to sweat while walking (even when it's cold outside)
Alternatives to Talcum powder for personal hygiene?
Is it possible to deliberately get cancer?
Do the derivatives of cannabis have the same effect on the brain?
Why are two influenza vaccinations required for people under a certain age?
Can you die from severing your penis?
Can the active release technique help prevent or treat tendon injuries?
Does Clinical death experience and sleep paralysis experience the same? did anyone die due to sleep paralysis?
Could drug abuse possibly make eyes smaller?
Is it sufficient to wash utensils, which have touched chicken, with soapy water
Is exceeding the recommended time for ice application detrimental (delay healing) for soft tissue injuries?
What if you blocked every sweat gland in your body?
Is death due to drug-induced respiratory arrest painful?
Effects of hypophosphatemia on DNA
Danger from Environmental Radioactive pollution
Is combining silicone plasters and silicone gels for scars effective?
How the brain would recover by itself?
Laser treatment during pregnancy?
Are there detrimental health effects to drinking old tea?
Filtered water vs boiled water
Why do patients sometimes experience spasms during the acute phase of a tendinopathy? (spasms located near the injured tendon)
Does use of NSAIDs prolong recovery time from febrile illness?
What happens to the breast milk of a mother who doesn't nurse
Chagas disease: stages
Should I tolerate passive smoking?
Sensation of something tingling on head-hair - not itchy
How do drug companies know how to produce a generic drug?
Can the milk of a breastfeeding mother taking Ibuprofen make a baby sleepy?
How to lower SpO2?
Can you never have a dental cavity your entire life?
How does pulse oximetry work?
How fast is "too fast" for Uric stones?
Medical Images and workflow
Why did the FDA approve Biafine only in 2006?
When is HSV-1 most contagious?
Probiotic doses - comparing CFU measurements
Sleeping 6 hours discontinuously every day
How do you measure the amount of calories with unlabeled foods?
Risk of tooth decay from uncleaned night guards?
About contraception pills efficacy
Does adding water to drinks reduce their glycemic index?
Calcium and iron absorption
Is taking x-rays during a dental check-up harmful?
Which website's calorie intake threshold to believe?
Which part of the body has the most nerve receptors?
How often is "X times a day"?
By how much does former smoking reduce one's lifespan?
Getting rid of white spots on front teeth
What causes some lacerations to form hypertrophic scars?
Why do I feel dehydrated when I wake up very early?
Does efficacy of the flu vaccine change if received while sick with the common-cold?
Treatment Options of Tension Pneumothorax
Ulcerative Colitis Disease Activity
N Factor model for health profile similar to OCEAN
I have natural immunity to Hepatitis B. Do I pose risk to others?
Does it make sense to apply bio-oil products such as vitamin E (oil), Aloe vera, etc. on the scar to minimize scarring?
Does eating whole raw eggs lead to biotin deficiency?
What is the solution for Chikungunya?
What causes Diabetes mellitus type 2?
How many times in a lifetime a man can do laser vision/eyesight correction/surgery?
Does A Rapid Drop In Blood Sugar Correspond With A Rapid Drop Of Insulin?
Does eating/chewing honey help prevent gingivitis, periodontal disease and dental caries?
Diabetes Type 2 and Carrot Sugar
Which type of doctor to see when?
Are there any phase III clinical trials of probiotics?
Effect on Alertness of Nutrients
What is the coldest temperature a person could live in continuously?
How long is zinc sun block effective?
what is protection rate difference between cellular pentavac and acellular pentamaxim vaccination?
What is the dispersion of woman's ovulation day around the mean value which is 14th day?
My left and right eye have a consistent, clear difference in color perception. Why?
Peak effect of edible marijuana 11 hours after ingestion; how is it possible?1
What is sleep pressure?
Any meds to increase blood pressure?
How to determine at what percentage an organ is functioning vs. what is expected?
Sanity checking airplane advice re DVT: walk every hour, 2-3 hours? OK to sleep?
given heart rate data over 1year with 1Hz time res, what can we learn?
Silicone gel "Strataderm" or plant extracts cream "Cicatrix" effect against scars?
Blue cheese antibiotics
Is Congenital Vitamin K deficiency due to phenobarbital preventable
how to stop wrinkles on face when sleeping on stomach
What is the relationship between susceptibility to subclinical secondary immune response and susceptibility to colonization?
Drug to prevent sexual desire?
Does coughing make dry cough worse?
Can anyone get asthma?
Is it safer to take Naproxen once a day or twice a day?
Why are topical corticosteroids used in conjunction with an antiviral to treat herpes keratitis?
Can of soup with negative pressure (slightly implodes) on opening: Safe to eat?
Liver for iron deficiency anemia
Prevention of numb limbs caused by sleep posture
Misophonia and autism
Is there any way to increase self-burn calories rate?
Confusing thoughts/depression
pushing teeth by tongue to move it back disadvanatges
Why do people still get hungry if they're overweight
Do detection of Kidney cysts (PKD) at an early stage helps prevention of Kidney Failure?
Overfull ERs across the globe
Scoliossis exercises at Gym
How are Sensitivity/Specificity determined for tests in mental health?
GAD67 Effect on Sleep
Weight gain as a function of calorie intake minus calorie consumption
How to doctors test for eye damage from a solar eclipse?
Subaortic Valvular Membrane and Bloody Noses
Is simultaneous use of silicone gel and plaster against scar reasonable?
how to clean ex smokers lungs
What to do if someone breaks a bone?
What is the health effect of commuting by first a 40 minute car ride and then a 3 hour train ride?
Does a standing desk prevent the health issues with sitting?
Are there any guidelines for the indoor air quality exposure limits for newborns or infants?
"Copay with deductible" vs. "Copay after deductible"
What happens when a hemophiliac woman gets her period?
Seeing a nutritionist on Wednesday. Is there anything else I should ask about?
What vitamins or dietary supplements for internal taking are useful for injured skin?
Factors affecting the severity of an allergic reaction
What will happen if you keep running? What will eventually cause you to stop?
Why do drugs expire?
What is the effect on insulin sensitivity after sudden breaking of a low carb diet?
Nicotinic receptors stimulation
Effect of Long Pressure Cooking on Essential Nutrients
Feeling weird smell few days after pseudoephedrine
First degree burn pain not helped by aloe
Could the cerebral hypoxia caused by voluntarily hyperventilating for an hour ("breathwork") cause brain damage?
Is vitamin deficiency associated with hair loss?
Perfect nutrition with same meal every day?
Baking soda + xylitol, as replace for casual flouride toothpaste
Why is the cost estimate for the first head transplant 100 million USD?
Can I gain immunity against traveler's disease?
How often do ICD codes reflect the actual diagnosis in EHR?
My grey / white hairs disappeared - in some sense, is aging reversible?
Is drug-based liver damage usually traceable to free radical generation?
Does the use of bodybuffers stimulate tendon healing?
How does interferon beta 1-A help patients with MS?
Is dandruff bad?
What is a pain response when the feeling of pain isn't there?
In an emergency situation, how does the medical doctor determine that an unconscious patient is pregnant?
Are cheap sunglasses dangerous?
Does eating three to five whole eggs each day increase the level of blood cholesterol?
What's with anal sex and HIV?
What's the exact value of blood Ph and how is it corrected
How can one know whether an ICD-10 code is a routine diagnosis code?
Correct english term for an urgent referral
Why is Polycystic Kidney Disease(PKD) so difficult to be diagnosed?
Nutritional Guidelines
Does dipping something metal in alcohol sterilize it?
What if you eat meat with cancer?
Why do deep-friction treatments stimulate fibroblast activity and collagen production?
What are the symptoms of depression/ OCD / suicidal depression? How we can identify a person by his behavior?
Fibre <= carbs always true?
Is it possible to never grow a full beard
Why is treating hepatic vein injuries so difficult?
Why does a fever flucturate when sick?
Calculating sun exposure limit over changing UV index
can smoking ashwagandha have the same benefit as the power/pill form?
Is modern toothpaste acually bad?
Are there any apparent flaws in the methodology of Wilhelm et. al. 2016?
Does hair gel damage your hair?
How can genital herpes be transmitted even with a condom?
Is there some medicine that can safely and reliably cause mild nausea?
Is salt bad for kidneys?
How can a hospital not have enough resources to deal with serious trauma?
Can Asthma lead to a Cardiac Arrest and thus require CPR?
Insulin & break down of different nutrient groups
Anti-inflammatory : Cortisone vs. Ibuprofen
Why Dydrogesterone is no longer available in US? Why dienogest is not approved?
Why is South Korea's preventable trauma death rate so high?
Effectiveness of blue light filters for preventing delayed and decreased melatonin secretion?
Why is one only allowed to drink water from four hours in advance of an echo (ultrasonography)?
is there any succesful way to grow taller after age of seventeen
Can the foods you have been eating be detected through blood tests?
What substances are absorbed through skin when pores are open through heat?
Does vitamin E in liquid oil form help to fade scars?
Is there any way to help color blind people feel the true color like normal people?
How long does it take to die from drowning?
recovery expectations/timeline for ankle-joint osteosynthesis removal
During Caesarean section: What is the name of the instrument in which the scar is burned to close it?
Why I am lossing memory if I work hard?
Is it possible to keep reusing shop bough probiotics?
What keeps our organs in place?
What's important when getting an artificial sunlight lamp?
How many calories does it burn to regrow a liver?
What is the proper time to eat Vitamin B2 and B6?
When does a cut require medical attention?
Do pharmaceuticals which increase dopamine and norepinephrine levels in the brain significantly increase histamine levels?
How many paper abstracts are typically read when preparing a clinical systematic review?
Does 'Stockholm Syndrome' really exist?
Does being overly attentive to hygiene impair your immune system?
How precisely can a physiotherapist assess muscles tightness?
Is it safe to eat more Vitamin B than you need?
Measuring Blood Pressure at home
How can I prevent muscles from becoming tight?
What is the risk of HIV infection via insertive fellatio?
Early signs of cocaine addiction
Research On Chinese Medicinal Treatment For Anxiety?
Increase pre-biotics or reduce FODMAPs can these two postions be reconciled
Honey. Is it really alkaline forming?
Will gout finally make patella thinner and thinner if uric acid level has kept being high for long periods?
In medieval times, how were twins detected?
Does vitamin E in oil liquid form help to eliminate wrinkles on face?
Will flying potentially damage my ears further?
When should one stop CPR?
Diarrhea induced by Iron
What does fluoride toothpaste do to the dentin on the teeth?
Can Charcoal Toothpaste/Powder Whiten a Slight Fracture-Line on a Tooth?
Does research show that Metformin alleviates/mitigates Adult Acne in PCOS women?
How much is green tea really good against tooth decay?
How much damage is caused by smoking 2-3 cigarettes on a healthy body?
How long can a virus stay in the air for?
How come corn and cornflakes (which are 98%+ corn) have a drastically different glycemic index rating?
How to prevent and minimize whitening (albication) of the scar on face?
Fish Oil: How much is too much?
How should I account for a blood donation while couting calories/trying to lose weight?
What is it like to go under with Succinylcholine?
Is it true that measles vaccine lead to poor sexual potency for men?
Can Crizalk 250mg cause extreme forgetfulness?
What is the formula for calculating Body Water Percentage?
Hard water and cardiovascular problems
Can you get infections by washing your body with someone else's water?
Can drinking alcohol release stored caffeine?
Nicotine withdrawal’s effect on sleep rhythms?
What happens to a woman if she takes testosterone?
Can the body delay infections/sickness for important reasons?
Which type of protein supplement is better suited to promote skin healing?
Do's and dont's for rabies by dog bites
Sugar stops toothache
systemic absorption of chlorhexidine
Dangers of smoking hookah
Why not use epinephrine?
could catalepsy be caused by being beaten in the street?
Will donating bone marrow weaken a person's health?
Are synthetic vitamins from drugstores far less healthy and useful than those from natural products?
Can inadequate amount of water in body, affect CBC test results?
Are any 3D printed materials biocompatible (safe for implantation in the human body)?
Why vitamin D3 is deficient in children and the elderly?
Why is terbinafine hydrochloride cream OTC in the US whereas ciclopirox olamine cream isn't?
Too low level of HIV virus to be infectious?
Truth or fiction: Testing vitamins to take by holding them and assessing strength
Why are dentists special compared to other doctors?
Do beets dye your blood purple?
Playing badminton after tooth extraction
Can ear cancer occur?
How to REALLY treat fungal infection?
Is water flossing more efficient than string flossing to remove plaques from tooth surfaces?
Pine allergies is it possible?
What is the process called, when a doctor tries to figure out what is wrong with you?
How much of the following vitamins would result in a vitamin overdose?
Which one is more harmful for your kidneys, drinking more or less water?
Best Type of Specialist Who Performs Colonoscopies
Is the kids moon disease a skin cancer?
Is ASEA supplement useful against scars or it is a fake product?
Potential for sodium aluminosilicate to cause aluminium toxicity
Is injaculation different than retrograde ejaculation?
Is it healthy to be really petite
Difference between Contusion, Haemorrage and Hematoma?
Why are some people always warm/hot to touch even with normal core temp?
Mederma or Contractubex. What is better for still forming normotrophic scars?
Limited amount for drinking water?
Is canola oil good or bad as compared to other cooking oils?
Details for pre exposure prophylaxis for rabies
Is fibre an essential nutrient?
Is Smoking Cigars and Pipes the Same as Cigarettes?
Are allergies due to memory T cells for benign antigens?
Is "voluntary accommodation" common?
What is the most potent method of scar resurfacing?
Do drugs with the same chemical formula work identically?
Does vitamin D supplementation fully replace sun exposure to avoid vitamin D insufficiency?
Can performing "Yogasanas" regularly, help increase a person's existing height?
Why is swaddling good for your heath?
Are there serious downsides to nutritional supplements?
Can nasal irrigation help for chronic sinusitis?
Effect of training on air intake
Fish bone stuck in my throat
Does running help to get rid of a product put in the body by intramuscular injection?
How credible is negative result of allergic skin tests?
How to accurately monitor hair loss?
When is vitamin D released from fat?
How is it possible for someone to suffer repeated bouts of flu?
How can I avoid snoring when not sleeping at home?
Authoritative Source on Sleep Requirement
Name of Chinese health system - And any current practitioners in England
How long after withdrawing Finasteride hair loss starts again?
Is nutritional values difference between uncooked and cooked (in water) food only due to the additional water absorbed?
Location of olecranon
Longitudinal studies on: how attention to emotional stimuli develops from infancy to childhood?
Relationship between biological half-life and duration of action of a drug
Would showering with germicidal water be beneficial or harmful?
Difference in Size of male and female ribcage
Possible side effects of deer antler velvet
Operating principles of a ventilator in CPAP mode
Food safety and implications of cooked food left un-refridgerated
How effective is Oseltamivir when given before symptoms of flu appear?
What is the bioavailability of collagen?
Anisohypermetropic amblyopia
Is the appearance of food (as fresh or spoiled) a good guide to its actual condition?
Why do hemorrhoid medicines include moisturisers such as Witch's Hazel and Aloe Vera?
How low can you go on a low salt diet?
How to Simplify Patient Visual Info for Doctors
ABO blood type mismatch
Why does anybody still prescribe Citalopram with Escitalopram available (apart from price)?
Can an elevated TSH and normal T3 and T4 biologically cause fatigue?
How much does Bell Clapper's deformity increase the chance of testicular torsion?
Does yogurt contain any B vitamins?
Is dark chocolate, which is used in cooking, good for health?
Why are X-rays laterally inverted?
What is the tailbone for?
Drug abuse and hair loss
Are toxins being released when one sweats during sickness?
Allergy to Vicryl Sutures
How to properly clean a mouthguard (e.g., a nightguard)?
Is the interaction between alcohol and benzodiazepines additive or multiplicative?
What is "nervous eczema"?
What does "axonal features" mean?
How to properly clean a silicone earplug?
What is the difference between the AAO and the ABO?
How do blue light filtering lenses work? Is it possible that they could they negatively impact your vision?
Electromagnetic Light and Radio Pulses in Combination against Skin Conditions
Flickering/flashing in corner of eye and nausea when exposed to certain patterns
Is ibuprofen contra-indicated for a child with chicken pox?
Do we lose resistance to the common cold over time, or are we infected by a different cold each time?
How much Japanase dashi kombu seaweed broth can be consumed daily while not overdosing with iodine and keeping thyroid healthy?
Is it advisable for a healthy male in his early 40s to take the influenza vaccine?
What is the dynamic range on a film-based x-ray?
Magnesium gel vs magnesium oil
English-language term for "productive vasculitis"
It is possible to kill staph. aureus in tonsils with antibiotics or citricidal?
How does the abbreviation BID apply to medication dosing?
How to maintain hygiene of toothbrush
Is there evidence that humans should fast intermittently daily for 16 hours because it is healthy in general?
Does muscle really weigh more than fat?
Causes for elevated beta-HCG and AFP
Heat loss from extremities
How effective are digital blue-light filters for secretion of melatonin & getting to sleep?
Does stopping fever hinder the process of killing bacteria via fever?
How harmful is it to drink a mix of beverages?
Why do testosterone / anabolic steroid injection increase the risk of tendon rupture?
What really happens to the heart during cardiac arrest and why is an AED useful?
Heart Rate response to beta-blockers in elderly vs adults
Can a otherwise healthy person request a "do not resuscitate" order?
What can cause stomach issues in a vegetarian?
Red colors food and impact on stool colors
Does early exposure protect against developing allergies later on in life?
Vaginal fluid to heal cuts
Wishing to be dead without committing suicide
What Health Concerns Would a Quadruple Amputee Have?
Closed eyes in darkness vs. light
Does the 2011 Tsunami in Japan poses any health risks to Americans?
Why can't Jane give blood?
what is the bioavailability of ingested collagen?
Should I get my kids have pre-exposure rabies vaccination due to our cat
Can you experience withdrawal from amphetamines?
Chewing Over the Counter Pain Medication?
How can I learn to swallow pills without gagging?
What is the impact of electrolyte intake on weight loss?
Are any infectious diseases 100% fatal?
What increases Histamine in the body?
"AGE" meaning in the term AGE-associated autoantibodies?
What actually happens when one takes cold shower?
If pure caffeine is taken intravenously, will high dose cause nausea like it does when taken orally?
Why was 'strabismus' chosen to mean 'any misalignment of the eyes'?
How can people suffering from Ankylosing Spondylitis manage their weight
Can any wound be sutured?
Can you achieve nutritional requirements by consuming only organ meat?
Can Kidney stones cause painful ejaculation?
Does a man's ejaculation of semen decrease in volume, with age?
Aesthetics aside, is there a medical reason that acne should be treated?
What are the indications for ethanol?
Omega-3 does NOT improve cognitive abilities, memory, and brain function?
Why are the percentages next to carbohydrates and sugar not identical, while their amount in grams is?
Can acne bacteria become resistant to Clindamycin?
Are there physiological effects unique to the simultaneous consumption of alcohol and tobacco?
Are there different side effects between taking a pill and a syrup (the liquid version of the same pill)?
High pitch voices(female screams) hurt testicles
Building new muscle and effects on blood glucose absorption
How to note symptoms before visiting a doctor
Is it beneficial to keep using fluorised toothpaste after prolonged use?
What are the health benefits and risks of "radon therapy"?
What are some "evolutionary mishaps" in humans?
Replicated medicine by pharmacists
Natural treatment of chronic prostatitis - Does herbal medicines have side affects?‏
How is the total calculated for influenza vaccination coverage calculated?
What VR app that cure myopia?
Can your rectum atrophy after a long time of inactivity?
Should people with tachycardia avoid caffeine?
Is the 2017-2018 flu vaccine a "good match" for circulating influenza viruses?
Do side effects spoil blind studies?
How are participants in a clinical study of a new medication selected and monitored?
Withdrawal symptoms of pornography addiction
Rash development during ketogenic diet?
Differential diagnosis for a facial lesion?
What are the changes of diamine oxidase (DAO)-activity with different sex hormones?
Can repeated exposure to bee venom induce some allergy or worsen actual ones?
Does a cold or flu typically affect resting heart rate?
How to sterilize the human intestine using a safe method?
Is there evidence of benefit from the syringe- or vacuum-based tonsil washing procedure in chronic tonsillitis?
What is the effectiveness of the precordial thump?
Is cognitive behavioral therapy actually effective?
Foods that inhibit BACE1 protein
What happens to melatonin and the circadian rythm when one adopts biphasic sleep cycle?
Physical activity and blood pressure
Negative health effects of loneliness?
Heart Rate Versus Respiratory Rate
Are eggs good for heart health or bad?
Meaning of "shared familial confounding" in a study
Need to exhale while holding breath
Amount of sunlight and its effect on the eye sight
Why does an orthotic work instead of an exercise for hammertoe?
Are cigars less harmful than cigarettes?
In comparing the healthiness of shredded wheat and bran flakes, what are some pro/con considerations for each?
Why is the cost of health care so high?
How much food when taking vitamin supplements?
Definition of "prospective birth cohort study"
Olive oil - healthy as a substitute, or in its own right?
What would a surgeon write about a non-complicated scar in a post-surgery inspection report?
Is it better to tan for 10 minutes without sun protection or the equivalent x amount of minutes with sunscreen?
How to improve omega-3 fatty acid absorption?
Long-term health consequences of consistently repeated food comas?
Can acute liver failure be caused by an alcohol binge?
Is orange juice still healthy for me, if it's been opened and hasn't been refrigerated for an entire day?
Supplementing Iodine separately from antioxidants? (and separately from what else?)
Is it possible to "sleep" while aware and cognizant?
Eye Chart Lighting for Consistency?
Meatus acusticus externus
Construction of an extremely cheap and healthful diet
Pills in cold car overnight - still okay?
Is it dangerous for an old person to take pneumococcal vaccine (for pneumonia) twice within 2 years?
Quick question on disenfectants sprays and how some family members are using it
Can diabetes relieve symptoms of hemophilia?
Is it possible to have diabetes for about 9 months without knowing it?
How accurate is nutrition information on supplement tablets in the the UK?
What is the absorption rate of resveratrol supplements?
Is it safe to drink Monster Energy (or any energy drink) after paracetamol?
Is it possible to reduce stress by directly reducing cholestrol intake?
What should a GP do if a patient unilaterally discontinues the prescription of a specialist?
Why do Fiber Powders (to relieve Constipation) Emphasize Soluble Fiber rather than Insoluble Fiber
Can induced deafness cure tinnitus
What happens to the heart during cardiac arrest?
Does gender dysphoria qualify as a mental illness when talking to paramedics?
The next generation of contact lenses
Why is the Rotavirus vaccine can be given only until the age of 8 months and 0 days?
What's next after DMARD failure in rheumatoid arthritis?
When is PCP prophylaxis necessary in non-HIV patients?
What's the latest application of data on the twin cycle hypothesis?
Contraindications for administrating oxygen
Is a drug holiday off bisphosphonate therapy a valid strategy in the management of osteoporosis?
Does the Warburg effect have any relevance to the effective treatment of cancer with diet?
How does one manage sarcopenia as one ages?
Would using industrial carbon dioxide emissions to grow plants or algae pose a threat to public health?
Does ingesting nicotinamide riboside (NR) supplements have a deleterious effect on tendons?
Can spine misalignment be responsible for eye conditions?
Is targeted antimicrobial peptide mouthwash currently available anywhere (including experimentally)?
Should mixtures of antibiotics become standard practice to curb antibiotic resistance?
Do infected family members need to be treated with antibiotics at the same time?
Can a CT Scan (abdomen) help in to find out unhealthy mucosal lining in the small intestine
When to phlebotomize in Eisenmenger syndrome?
Upper Thoracic Pain with Coughing Sensation and Slight Nausea
Is it true that cold climate will make the conditions of prostatitis worse?
How does a typical electromyography result report look like?
Can any disease enhance Brain functioning instead of reducing it?
Do nutrition fact labels include the nutritional content of wasted (unreachable) food?
What effects can be expected for a 15-year old girl getting 4-5 hours of sleep per night?
Can chronic prostate be a risk factor of prostate cancer for patients?
Why can chronic prostatitis not be cured simply with antibiotics?
Is prostatitis a STD or Contagious disease?
Motor neuron diseases
Peripheral arterial disease and prophylaxis against venous thrombosis
Are there tables that compare deadly effects of various psychoactive drugs?
Efficiency of mercury in syphilis treatment
Can we live only on chocolate?
Which essential nutrient is the first that will cause debilitating illness if supply is insufficient
Combined consumption of green tea and cheese / meat
How common is Anaesthesia Awareness?
Does relighting a cigarette have a harsher effect on your health?
adequate exposure of the surgical field
Diagnosing by ruling things out
Elderberry seeds toxicity
Replacing bedding and underwear for hygienic reasons
To what degree does a Vitamin D course mitigate the effects of Primary Hyperparathyroidism?
Is the association between red meat and cancer caused by typically searing red meat?
Will regular consumption of Probiotics cause side effects?
Time gap between preparation and consumption for a salad
Relationship between sleep deprivation and itchiness
What resources are available to identify oral medication?
How does MEAT compare with RICE treatment to treat a tendinopathy (in terms of treatment efficiency)?
What does "standardized to x%" mean in resveratrol supplements?
What is Pramolan, is it an Opioid?
Why does caffeine raise your blood pressure when it's a diuretic?
How does cancer radiotherapy target only cancer cells?
Higher doses of a drug being less effective?
Does hyperbaric oxygen therapy help treat a tendinopathy in humans?
What is the name of the condition where your foot is much larger when standing than when sitting?
How much does aspirin affect blood clotting?
Do bearded faces age slower?
How feasible is the discovery of the organ „interstitium“ (opposed to it just being interstitial space)?
What is the benefit of effervescent tablets?
Can a colloid intravascular volume expander be used in chronic orthostatic hypotension?
Management of nail biting
is there thin cystoscope, thin to make less harm, used only for watching?
BPA in reciepts (cashier)
Why does the temporalis muscle tighten when we are under prolonged stress?
Should I wash the vegetables after disinfection?
Why doesn't the human body lower sebum production in patients with chronic acne?
What is the cause of flexion-induced muscle cramping?
Is autism a mental illness or a physical illness?
Can ultrasound gel be used as an internal lube?
Mental health vs mental illness
Why do you not need sun protection whe the UV index is 3?
How far away from a highway should I live to avoid negative health effects?
Factors Scientifically Shown to Affect Myopia
Looking for MRI file repository for Finite Element Modeling of ACL
Put a finger in it? When is it appropriate to stop a bleed with your finger?
How to diagnose myopia in a 2-year old?
Burning calories in bath
When working graveyard shifts, is it possible to sleep well and stay healthy?
Individual variation in food energy bio-availability
Does daily intake of hibiscus juice increases the risk of impotence in a male?
Is there statistics on self-harm in France?
Tinea Capitis ( Ringworm of the scalp) under a magnifying glass
Quantify third-hand smoke exposure risk
Does only the cumulative dose and not the dose rate matter for health effects of low-level radiation?
Are Soft Drinks dangerous for health?
Single antibiotic dose for infection prevention in teeth surgery: Bad idea?
Continuing effectiveness of anti-viral drugs after shingles outbreak
How to mesure body temperature correctly?
Should different muscles be stretched with different amounts of time?
Decayed tooth: what is the natural history if left untreated?
Is "instant oatmeal" as healthy as regular oatmeal?
Are apricot seeds safe to consume as food?
Which oil is healthiest for frying?
What is the mechanism of acute caffeine tolerance?
Why don't some people get bruises?
Is it actually advantageous to ration food?
What is the difference between these two respiratory terms?
What ingredient or substance makes paan addictive?
What are the effects is a person has a regular amount of Deep Sleep and REM sleep but a lot less Light Sleep?
Big difference between waking and resting heart rate
Supplementing potassium to get my 4.7g RDA - is it safe?
Is cold plasma safe?
Medical Record History
If we take magnesium supplements on an empty stomach, are we wasting it?
Is there a difference in the repair processes of slow twitch vs. fast twitch muscle?
Are there any official statements about soya based protein or are there just opinions and contradictory findings?
Fish oil for normal joint health: fact or fiction?
When should we sleep?
What is the medical term for paralysis while sleeping?
What diet should I eat to perform optimally, maximizing my alertness?
Numerical information about variables in prostate cancer data
Does wearing glasses while on the computer increase myopia?
How can we digest protein, fats and carbs at the same time?
Why HCL does not damage the walls of our stomach?
As of Apr. 2018, is topical benzyl peroxide considered to be carcinogenic?
Is Alzheimer's disease determined by genes or lifestyle and diet?
Why can't some people store magnesium very well even though they seem to live healthy?
Why are some viruses harder to make vaccines for?
Does "sodium" content on nutrition labels refer to the ion Na+ or to the full molecule NaCl?
How much time will take for receiving 1 bag blood?
Instrument facilitated leg lengthening?
Optimum / limit daily dose of Vitamin C?
Do simple carbohydrates affect skin quality?
Is constant street noise damaging health?
My fruit punch Gatorade has a new warning label saying that it is genetically engineered
What is the connection between health, exercise, and meditation?
Wouldn't it be optimal for a human to get all the vaccinations that exist?
Is there an antagonistic pair of muscles in the eye?
Immune system recovery from chemo
Gym and Eat less calories
What contagious diseases can be diagnosed by x-ray test on chest?
Maximum recommended daily intake of full fat milk for 12 year old?
Does the amount of bleeding from a wound have any effect on the risk of Tetanus?
Where would the food go if the the stomach and spleen are both taken away?
What is effect of wifi signal for the health?
Are there any herbal medicines that have been established to actually speed up or ease labor?
What exactly does "general practitioner" mean?
What Causes Stress Hives
How to deal with dehydrating medicine
Is it reasonable to put a crown on a baby tooth?
Best healthy lifestyle habits to reach old age with optimal health?
How do humans meet the brain’s glucose demand of 420kcal (105g sugar) per day on a healthy diet?
Are highly potent antihistamines create tolerance long term?
Any known values of density $(kgm^-3)$ of white and gray matter in the spinal cord (humans or pigs)?
What is a terminal or chronic illness? What is the difference between the two?
Is there evidence of sleep medication permanently damaging your ability to sleep?
Are autistic people more likely to have health problems related to poor sleep?
Why do surgeons wear blue aprons during surgeries?
What residues do Ecigarettes create?
Is cryotherapy contraindicated in sporting injuries or not?
Pneumothorax first aid
How do doctors deal with fear of blood?
How can I mitigate the risk of toxic compounds leeching from a water bottle?
A patient of jaundice can eat Oatmeal?
What's the best sleeping posture for humans?
Brown vs White rice
Chest pain and heart problems
Does melatonin supplementation affect depression?
What are the benefits of peanut butter, boiled peanut and toasted peanut?
Is a vaginal birth still medically preferable over a c-section?
Evidence for oxygen renewal during hands-only CPR
Do most People Actually Manage To Drink 2 Litres Of Water A Day?
Imazalil on citrus fruits
What are the differences of the US vaccine schedule compared to other countries?
Does ingesting nitric oxide capsules help treating a tendinopathy?
Do percussive massages help treating a tendinopathy?
Did I catch a cold from eating unwashed fruit?
Short duration of Cryotherapy
Would sharing patient data improve health Care?
Does caffeine boost adenosine buildup?
Why do teenagers produce their melatonin later than everyone else
Is this nutritional information wrong?
Can radiotherapy cause "chemo brain"?
What is a constipation remedy that doesn't give you a headache or raise your blood pressure?
Medicines in the fridge
Pain relating to Root Canal Treatment
Which one is better? Reading on a computer, on a tablet, or on paper?
Coffee for solving sleep problems?
Is hydrothorax considered as edema?
Normal Sleeping Heart Rate Range
Is there anything besides sodium to avoid to lower blood pressure?
Is it good for health to regularly do a nap and divide sleep into two?
Mechanism of retrograde propagation of arterial thrombi
Is it normal for it to take more than 3 weeks to get used to astigmatism correcting glasses?
Abnormal thyroid function and obesity - known links?
How much washing up liquid do we ingest per year and how harmful is it?
Evening lighting that doesn't work against sleep cycle
What procedures do dentists use for cleaning teeth, is there variation, and what is the rationale?
Why do some vaccines require periodical shot updates while others don't?
Patient suffering from X disease vs controls
Does boiling milk really make the nutrients in it less useful to the body when ingesting it?
How hot before someone gets heat exhaustion while running?
What is the difference between free sugars and non-free sugars, both chemically and medically?
Is there any reason why free sugar consumption should be limited to low amounts?
Petechiae vs purpura vs teleangiectasia
What makes rice gluten-free?
Soda / Pop alternatives to appease desire for super sugary drinks
Mid-20C paper on pain perception in undergraduate males
When did modern medicine begin?
Therapist vs Psychologist
Is it unhealthy to eat too much proteins?
Why is it that some medicines "may" cause a side effect?
Does a higher IQ influence the 'high' of weed?
How effective is a „wrong-way“ rescue blanket?
Why heart beats normal after AED?
Has finasteride been shown to cause erectile dysfunction?
Fibrin production from joint damage promotes arterial blockages?
Is there a natural way by which I can hold my erection for more than a hour? How do I maintain my erection after ejaculation?
Does this kind of pec fly reduce shoulder impingement?
What are the health benefits of coffee?
Lacrosse balls versus using one's own knee to loosen in calf muscles
Why does spot fat reduction doesn't work?
White color on clothes after sweating?
Which vessel could a pumping vessel in the left middle side of forehead be?
Are synthetic vitamins harmful?
Are supplements like Glucosamine permanent or temporary?
Good pain from a healing wound
Does Dextromethorphan actually suppress coughing?
What is an allergy?
What medical tests a man should take regularly to check for common health issues?
Digestion and absorption of large scale protein structures
Having a 2.4/5 Ghz wireless router next to us is healthy?
Drinking alcohol after tick-borne encephalitis vaccine
How much would a man 9'6" (3m) tall likely weigh?
Should you warm up even to potentially dangerous levels with a flu or cold?
Why do we sleep?
Why is HIV singled out from other STIs?
Will CRISPR/CAS9 be used to replace EPOA4 with EPOA3/2 in humans in vivo in the near future?
During the GMEP of 1955-1968: "malaria had been eliminated in 35 countries" versus "15 countries and one territory eliminated malaria"
Why can't one "catch up on" sleep?
How promising is the engineered bs-bnAb as an HIV-1 therapeutic intervention?
STI vs STD vs Sexually Transmitted Virus
Dealing with heat strokes
Does elevated potassium lead to elevated cortisol?
I am confused about this hot sauce nutrition label
Can you relieve the symptoms of sinusitis by creating a negative pressure using your lungs?
Is it known how often unvaccinated children are contagious with symptom free diseases?
Definition of a (food) calorie and burning food calories
Thumb RCL reconstruction - Abductor Pollicis Brevis vs Palmaris Longus
Are all salts equally bad for you?
ECT and retrograde amnesia
Why do we continue compressions after the first AED shock?
Why are certain drugs prescribed more often to either males or females?
Abnormal shrinkage of the eyeball
Vitamin supplements with a balanced diet
Intermittent Fasting: Why is exactly *zero* calories special?
Snomed codes vs ICD Codes
Gallbladder/Ulcer Pain
What methods are there to diagnose helminths?
Is benzoyl peroxide as body wash less effective than creams?
Why is Tradozone prescribed to aid with insomnia?
For reducing stress and improving health, is it better to spread out vacation days or take them contiguously?
Should we always eat something before taking pain killers?
How much body fluid required to actually transmit a sexually transmitted disease (STD)?
Is it advisable to wear UV protected swimsuit that covers arms and legs for skin protection to an outdoor swimming pool?
What is the current status of cancer-related research?
In the UK, what's the difference between Nurse Assistants and Healthcare Assistants?
Is Cow Milk unhealthy?
General Population Low Vitamin D Levels
Does calculus also prevent caries?
How to reduce the side effects of wearing contact lens?
Can Cheek bone grow bigger and wider in adulthood when you gain weight?
A healthy gluten- and lactose-free diets for a teenager
Sleeping and talking and it's effect on vocal chords
Should patients vary their own dosage when using injections for erectile dysfunction?
Complications and risks for combining multiple procedures
Could rectal prolapse and bloody masturbation in 4 year-old happen absent abuse?
Are aluminum profiles dangerous?
Why should we finish antibiotic treatments in order to prevent antibiotics resistance?
What diseases could be transmitted skin to skin (massage)?
Could a nerve agent be used recreationally?
Can "face pulling" or "bone pulling" really move/remodel bones in adults?
Are there reasons why fertility awareness methods of family planning are not widely promoted?
Based on the metrics of two glasses prescriptions, can I deduce values of an intermediary prescription
How well can we test for deadly reactions to a drug, like anesthetics for an operation?
Tooth enamel regeneration
What methods are there for individuals to help them remember if they have taken their medicine?
What are the definitions of Time to Peak, Cerebral Blood Flow and Mean Transit Time?
How can a significant increase in survival not be interpreted as a significant decrease in mortality?
Epidermis destruction after fish eating skin?
Does vaccination weaken the immune system ? Studies?
Do hydrocollator packs help treat a tendinosis?
Can Sour/Acidic Food reduce libido in men?
What is the relationship between cortisol and depression?
Why would blue food colouring turn green after "intestinal assistance"?
That famous Vivien Thomas suture - what was it?
why does having a bad cold make thinking harder
How does chlorhexidine cause discolouration in teeth?
Should I meet nutritional recommendations (for e.g., RDAs) daily?
Health risk associated with living close to a power line: Cancer risk & exposure to electromagnetic field
Ancel Keys and the 7 country study theories and/or evidence prior to 1961
Is fortifying nutrients in food dangerous?
What is the velocity of ejaculated semen and does it influence likelihood of fertilisation?
Is there science backing the claim that walking barefoot is healthier than walking with shoes?
Why are dogs only vaccinated once for rabies, while humans need follow-up treatment after being bitten, even with a previous vaccination?
Bacteria location in food poisoning?
Drinking fruit juice by blender is a risk for diabetes?
What is the link between elevated estrogen and lowered alkaline phosphatase?
Is this internet meme about the price of insulin true?
Are there any ways to check my water for Arsenic?
How reversible is prediabetes?
Why does urine analysis require "fresh" urine?
Can one combine depression and self discipline?
Menstruation and emergency contraceptives
Medical procedure to sever the brain's ability to communicate with the heart?
How does exercise improve health?
How are the parameters of an astigmatic lens prescription related to the geometry?
Alcohol NMDAR antagonism
Is having 3 whole eggs at breakfast harmful?
Is the increased intraocular pressure from playing wind instruments damaging to the eye?
How can breathing techniques lessen anxiety?
Interpreting a diagram of eyeball optics
Health risk of lead crystal?
Are raw eggs dangerous?
Why might excessive drinking produce a false hypercortisolism reading in a urinary free cortisol (UFC) test?
After traumatic injury, what are the red "chunks" a victim coughs up?
What ingredients in this list are causing my hands to get warm? (improve circulation to my fingers)
Where are less painful self-injection sites for sub-cutaneous injections?
Is it bad for skin to be naked so often?
Is cold temprature shock harmful for healthy people?
How bad is it to eat a mostly keto diet, but still eat carbs and sugars?
Can gynecomastia breast tissues be dissolved?
Transmission of helicobacter pylori
Clinical Papers Proving Benefits of Oil Pulling
Farts coming out of the mouth?
Can syphilis be transmitted by kissing the lips, licking the throat, touching vagina with finger?
Are prions only misfolded, or mutated as well?
After a dog bite, why are vaccines given in multiple injections rather than a single injection containing multiple vaccines?
Is there any cure for type 2 diabetes?
Is menstruation manageable?
Eyeglass prescription
Does your body break down dietary protein before muscle tissue on low-carb diets?
Can Onychomycosis be transferred to others in a saltwater pool?
Why isn't Tylenol safe?
Which of these vegetables are less bloating?
Reheated pasta GI difference
Anesthesia without amnesia?
Is Kiwi low or high fructose?
Is there any truth to the claim that pregnancy is somehow a health risk to women?
Do wrist supports promote healing for flexor carpi ulnaris tendinopathies?
Different types of nociceptors in muscle vs connective tissue?
Is it ineffective to drink cold water to cool down when you are warm?
How does breastfeeding protect the mother's bones?
Loperamide POM Medication
Does having blood vessels close to skin increase sensitivity to heat/cold?
Why do skin calluses not heal sometimes and remain tough until they fall off?
Is the Zimnitsky Urine Test used in the West at all? What tests are used instead?
How long would someone be able to live if they suddenly became allergic to water?
What are clinically advised methods to improve nocturnal respiration other than CPAP?
Rejected from my pap smear appointment, 3 months early from annual checkup for HPV
Is it possible to get cancer after taking iron supplement of 100mg for 4 days
health condition and chronic health conditions
Cold allergy is it possible?
How would I know whether I am lactose-intolerant? Are there any tests?
Why is Ebrantil (Urapidil) not FDA approved?
Enquiry on literature on level of alcohol consumption associated with onset of Alcohol Use Disorder
How is moistness balanced with avoiding overgranulisation, in wound care?
How accurate are blood count tests?
How to clean a second-hand electrical shaver to avoid infections?
Revealing a murderer based on a genetic condition
When trapped in an air pocket does breathing slowly prolong the amount of time you have?
Is bmi a good indicator of health
If I'm suspecting someone I know has an exceptionally good immune system - can this be tested somehow?
Why is it harder to get up when forced to wake up?
Effects of exposure to Solar/Lunar eclipse on Human body
What is asking patients whether they know the current day for?
What would cause a fat face but skinny body? Collagen?
Disinfectant spray in first aid kit for cycling and hiking?
Are babies turned upside down after birth?
Checking nutrition balance
How likely is it that when leukemia relapses it is resistant to treatment?
Term to cover polyps, benign and malignant growths
What evidence is there that not taking bipolar medications can damage your brain?
Dietary fibre and carbohydrates
Is replacing one meal a day with nuts bad for health in long term?
What happens when you eat carbs everyday?
Can removing a contraceptive implant cause secondary amenorrhea?
How is a beard dirtier than a toilet?
What brightness level of mobile/desktop/laptop we should keep for better eye care?
Do Job's tears help with Crohn Disease?
Online doctor consultation?
If EPR has better resolving power than NMR, why don't most MRI machines use EPR instead of NMR?
Can cholesterol be lowered too much?
Link between shaving body hair and weaker scalp hair
How much time takes it to get a diagnosis of borreliosis/lyme disease?
Why not getting rid of Toxoplasmosis pathogens completely?
How does poor sleep cause circles under one's eyes?
Is O positive male compatible (fertility wise) with AB positive female?
Are there more recent studies on the efficacy of Benzyl Peroxide Cleansers/Wash?:
How can we prevent inhaling or ingesting mites that live on everyone?
What are the health consequences, when mites that live on everyone enter your body?
How can 5% and 10% concentrations of benzoyl peroxide, be less effective than the 2.5%?
How can an epidural effect the labour and childbirth process?
Can one meet 100% of recommended daily intake without consuming too many calories?
a cure for gray hair is on the way?
Is there a correlation between arthritis and diastolic blood pressure?
What does “serum” precisely mean?
Why is there no toxoplasmosis vaccine?
Safety of radiation from baby monitor
What does it mean when a person loses her mind
Does giving blood lower blood pressure?
hair repigmentation and growth from secukinumab
Bitten by some insect
pancreas lifetime and diabetes
Touching Concrete while pouring by hands
Hangover starting too soon?
Is Pentasa an immunosuppressive drug?
What is the difference between "clinician" and "therapist"?
Would it possible for me to get tested for past viral infection after vaccination?
Is Pregnancy without Weight Gain or Distended Belly a Health Risk?
I poured out a bulging milk carton - am I in danger?
Why aren't children affected by pins and needles as much as adults?
Can taking escitalopram produce a false-positive result in a urinary metanephrine/normetanephrine test?
Are there time limits on when epidurals can be administered?
Can scopolamine really be given through the ear?
Does alcohol worsen the symptoms of benign prostate enlargement?
Read an article, aquire a disorder
Interval fasting - is it healthy?
Beyond correlation, why is Frank's sign significant or not?
Does high LH means I have PCOS?
Why could standard demineralized water be harmful?
How does removal of the testicles affect life expectancy?
Is there a long-term risk to sleeping in a hammock regularly?
Is this a working treatment for gray hair?
How accurate is bomb calorimeter for measuring nutritional calories of food?
How to deal with conflicting health advice?
Does staring at a screen for long periods of time cause myopia?
Why I should avoid to exercise after blood donation?
a successful melanocyte transplantation into the hair follicle?
Should I take plenty carbs?
Is there any data about the significance of a blood serotonine level test and links to depression or other psychiatric diseases, or simply mood?
Why do you end up high on the Bristol stool scale when you are hungover?
Cancer Life Expectancy
When is too much running bad for your health?
Are metamyelocytes typically present on blood tests?
How much caffeine intake a day is still safe for health?
What are these perfectly circular red shapes on the back of that person?
What diseases cause a rapid fall in hemoglobin count?
Why people wash their hands before dinner even if they eat with utensils and not hands?
Calories composition and weight loss
Drink Cold, Warm, or Hot water. Which one is better for constipation?
What approaches can I take to find out my blood type and Rhesus factor?
Is there a drug being developed for heart palpitations without arrhythmia?
is a prescription +1.00 diopter lens the same as over-the-counter lens in +1.00 magnifying glasses?
Dystonic Reaction and acute kidney failure
Vaccination boosters - is their precise timing important?
Is it possible for obesity to occur as a result of medical conditions and not just over-eating?
What are the long-term consequences of binge drinking?
Myopia advancing into Presbyopia and the Optics needed to correct them
What are those circles and lines I see when I squint at light?
How dangerous is it to microwave melamine?
Do shin injuries heal slower than similar injuries on other parts of the body?
Is Tourrettes considered a condition requiring medication?
How long does tendon stretching take to show a permanent improvement to mobility?
Is it possible to be allergic to corn but not popcorn?
NHS free prescriptions
Possibilities after stage IV melanoma diagnosis
Natural Remedies For Lower Muscarine?
What could cause a stroke soon after a lung transplant? Is it even known?
Can swimming causes eye floaters?
Can dental scaling cause gum recession
How much garlic is too much to keep you healthy?
Can getting enough high quality sleep cancel out the harmful effects of overtime work or not getting enough vacation?
What software are there to use on laptop for blood analysis and diagnosis?
Gestational vs Fetal age
Demodex control with antibiotics: why and how?
Does a cancer survivor have a higher than average risk of future cancer?
Antibiotics only if fractured?
Is it not healthy way to boil water in plastic electric kettle?
Do soft drinks cause cancer?
Can aphasia like symptoms be caused by something other than physical trauma to the brain?
Healthy Weight gain
Therapeutic dose as safe antioxidant, melatonin and diabetes
Does the liver produce less cholesterol if a person eats a lot of cholesterol?
What is the best pH of drinking water?
Does caffeine have any distinct biological effects to adrenaline?
Is it safe to store medicine/supplements in containers
Does a computer screen work as a lightbox?
Alternative Imaging Method for Renal Contrast Media
How many puffs of Salbutamol can be dangerous?
Can metabolism raising help us become thinner?
How does CD8 cells kills virus infected cells?
Why is Clostridium difficile toxin A + B outdated in snomed?
Why is it not possible to get HIV by touching a contaminated surface?
Does halving the quantity of an oil-based time-release intramuscular injection medicine also require halving the time between dosing?
Cardiovascular risk of light smoking
What type of edible mushrooms have been linked to curing Legionnaires Pneumonia?
7700 Kcal deficit per per kg weight loss, or just 3600 Kcal deficit per kg weight loss?
Sleep hygiene in a single-room living space
Where does Ibuprofen inhibit COX-1, and what is its MoA?
Can one be infected with Naegleria fowleri from Steam?
Is there a way to diagnose Male Pattern Baldness?
Does Nicotine cause Cancer?
Does increasing “allergy” histamine affect “wake” histamine? Do both respond to the same triggers?
How soon will a person die if they are hung upside down?
Calculate blood coming out from cut blood vessel per minute
Fluoride poisoning by toothpaste
Is it technically possible to replace aging body part and live forever?
Could genetically modified viruses cure genetic diseases?
Are there "good kinds" of pain?
Why is heparin gel not used or sold in the united states?
Dengue fever carrier
Why are there different perscriptions for glasses and contacts? Help me see eye to eye on this
What are the dangers of missing a dose and overdose?
Caffeine clearance range/distribution and what determines it
RAE vs IU in Vitamin descriptions
Can HIV patients get further infected by their own blood?
Did science backtrack regarding coffee causing dehydration?
What is the optimum application of petroleum jelly on a wound to help minimize scarring?
Food sanitation
How soon after an IUD removal, can a woman conceive?
What is the best way to prepare Ischnoderma Resinosum for the full medicinal benefits?
How wrist wearables count breaths?
Does the usage of PC muscle to achieve multiple orgasm in males cancels or transfers the ejacuation to the bludder?
Can a cliff-diving stint (misfired cannonball) that resulted in a tailbone injury cause fecal-incontinence too?
Research into links between degenerative diseases and childhood trauma
Is there a link between fibromyalgia and sugar intake?
Can Babesiosis be confused with Fibromyalgia?
Does Blood Testing give meaningful insights in Vitamin/Mineral Deficiency?
What are the effects of a totally removed eponychium?
Common to panic/have trouble breathing when an oxygen mask is placed over nose and mouth prior to surgery with anesthesia?
Why do opioids administered via IV cause pruritus?
Does playing wind instruments cause damage to the eyes overtime?
Can band-aids prevent or reduce acne scar formation?
Has the (in)famous J-shaped curve with regard to alcohol consumption and life expectancy been finally disproven?
Starch recommendation based on research
What are the factors that make veins easy for a blood test one day, and difficult the next?
What diet can be appropriate for a person with obesity, diabetes, hypertension and chronic kidney disease?
What is injected into the IV to wake a patient up from general anesthesia?
If a patient arrives at the ER unconscious and needs immediate surgery, will they be put under general anesthesia?
How does our brain get its Mg when we don't take Mg threonate which is the only form known to increase its levels?
What is the name of this medical item?
How does the med, Spironolactone, help with PCOS?
When using a Philips Sonicare toothbrush with pressure sensor, is it possible to cause gum damage when pushing too hard?
Online Genetic Test Repositories
Why can't we give blood within 8 days after taking an anti-inflammatory?
Can isometric exercises preserve independence in seniors with hip fractures?
Hernia repair with a mesh
How to calculate survivability of extremely harsh cold conditions?
Sleeping temperature when suffering from cold
Can voluntarily hyperventilating cause cerebral hypoxia, and therefore brain cell death (brain damage)?
How much vitamin C last in orange juice?
Empirically, do people who exercise less/more actually eat less/more, (and if so, to what degree)?
patient in traumatic cardiac arrest - trauma centre diversion
Does Nicotine Trigger a Relaxation Response?
Postpartum haemorrhages due to partial placenta detachment or tear
How are drugs distinguished between approval for pediatric use and not?
Examination: sonographic evaluation of abdomen and pelvis - report
Eczema and steroids: why do endogenous cortisol and exogenous cortisone/prednisone differ?
Why after 140 years, is the primary surgical treatment for gallstones to still just chop out the gallbladder?
Should antioxidants such as turmeric, resveratrol, glutathione, etc. be taken at bedtime, and if so, what explains it?
Air flossers vs. water flossers: which cleans teeth better?
Is there a name for a phobia of certain textures?
How do the symptoms of viral tonsillitis differ from bacterial tonsillitis
Is rabies virus infectious outside host?
Is ShockWave Therapy Useful For ED or not?
Has any recent research been done on using fevers as a cure?
Cancer treatment's effect on societal life expectancy
How effective is diacutaneous fibrolysis to treat an epicondylopathy?
Medical conditions that cause extremely youthful appearance into middle age and beyond?
Is there a way to measure allergy to tablet/pill ingredients?
How does Spironolactone affect fertility with women with PCOS? Does it improve fertility?
Does 'Sage Salvia officinalis' help reducing excessive hand sweating (palmar hyperidrosis)?
Are drugs not approved by the FDA allowed to be prescribed?
Are auditory hallucinations a side effect of Oxycodone? How long does Oxycodone stay in the body?
How is hereditary cancer risk estimated?
How do the MOAs differ that ACE-Inhibitors might not work, but Calcium Channel Blockers (CCB) do work
Is transcranial magnetic stimulation a medically proven treatment for major depressive disorder?
What is the best source for statistics on disability?
Arthropathic effects of trientine dihydrochloride treatment?
Necessity of break-the-glass for accessing patient electronic health records in emergency
How does total mg of medicines effect human body?
Where can I find the original brand names of every psychotropic medication?
Can strenuous or exhaustive exercises in old age weaken muscles like in post-polio syndrome?
Does the likelihood of spontaneous labour increase with every membrane sweep?
Is lipaemia the same as hyperlipidemia?
What is the name of term for series of studies for the same patient?
breathing in versus injecting mercury (the gas)
What is the blood pressure within the right ventricle?
What are the limits on the amount of pathogens that a body can be immune to at any given time?
Should ideal dietary fibre quantities relate to the amount of food one consumes?
Fever and severe headache without inflammation markers
What are normal values for EMG/nerve conduction studies?
Energy value from food: is it the maximum avail?
Can hyperventilation syndrome result in brain damage?
What flour is best for diabetic person?
What to do if someone mistakenly ingests food contraindicated by medication requirements?
If a person has lockjaw, what disease is he or she suffering from?
how do diabetics keep their kidney healthy?
Are juices healthy without using additional sweeteners and flavors as eating whole fruits and vegetables
News by ICD 10 code?
Do medical laboratories determine accuracies for their blood tests?
What is the significance of 1 second in calculations of PFTs
Ultrasound sniff test: why does lowering intrathoracic pressure collapse the subclavian vein?
Is it okay to reduce DHT in my body?
Puberty Blockers for Transgender Youth
What check is done to diagnose GERD?
Is drinking fresh fruit juice is same as eating fruits?
Is brown sugar better than white for diabetes?
Are closed plastic or wood blinds really not sufficient UVA protection?
Why can't surgeons operate on nerves?
What is Clinical Decision Support (CDS)?
How can one choose the proper pressure setting on a water flosser (e.g., Waterpik)?
Does consuming xylitol-containing products help prevent dental caries?
Can two different medications in the same bottle contaminate one another.
Which lab value skeleton diagrams are used to display results for CBC, Chemistry, coagulation panel, etc?
How do I tell my dermatologist that I took more Epuris than he prescribed, without offending him?
Is adrenaline a coctail of hormones, rather than one hormone?
Why medicine modelling is distributed on regular person's computers?
Does eating manuka honey help prevent acne?
Intra-atrial thrombosis epidemiology
Is it preferable to brush one's teeth before or 30-60 minutes after breakfast?
What specialty can diagnose Ehlers-Danlos syndromes?
How often is endoscopic ultrasound done to check for gallbladder disease?
Why is the M. supinator not an extensor of the Art. cubiti?
Is the sexual dysfunction from psychiatric medications such as SSRIs and lithium permanent or reversible?
Why does one have to use warm water with water flossers (e.g., Waterpik)?
Is there scientific evidence that spacing out vaccines have any positive effects?
Abbreviations URTI and GE in a doctor's diagnosis
Outcomes after uterine rupture
Risks for VBAC vs repeat Cesarean
Could lithium be considered alternative medicine historically?
Does tidal volume have any significance in a pulmonary function test?
What is the difference between “comorbidity” and “multimorbidity”?
Is swallowing a tiny amount of toothpaste unhealthy? If so, isn't spitting but not rinsing wrong advice?
It is well known that cigarette smoking makes Crohn's disease worse. Is it the nicotine or the toxins, or both?
Does tonsillectomy increase the incidence of bronchitis in asthmatics as compared to sufferers of chronic Tonsillitis
What's the difference between a fast heart rate during exercise, and a fast heart rate during an anxiety attack?
What causes the urge to urinate at a physiological level?
At what point would blood loss impede the ability to achieve an erection?
Is it possible for someone to develop Aspiration Pneumonia from standing in very heavy rain?
What is the mechanism behind the association between azathioprine use and a higher risk of developing lymphoma?
What is "stagnation in the prostate"?
How to communicate and apologise for a medical error
Eyelid thickness variation
Chikungunya joint pain
Lesion of the Nn. fibulares
Do humidifiers help cure the flu?
Immunity of indigenous tribe
Can common cold really be lethal?
What happens to flatulence gasses when you resist?
What UV intensity (watts per area) should be the maximum a light-skinned person should be exposed to?
Does eating fish help high blood pressure?
Can a minor burn influence blood/fecal test results?
Do NSAIDs "Relieve Pain" or is it a Byproduct?
Can tumor size (T) and presence of cancer in the lymph nodes (N) in patients with lung cancer be identified on the first visit?
Did the emergence of H1N1 flu in 2009 significantly increase overall spread of influenza in humans for future years?
Does sleeping at the same time at night provide health benefits?
To what degree does tactile stimulation affect muscle tone?
Does Möller’s omega-3 fish oil help to improve brain possibility and reduce hight hertbeate?
Standards for Electrocardiography and Photoplethysmography
Can radiosignals from Bluetooth-wristband have any impact on people health?
Can zinc (over)supplementation cause hypocalcemia?
Does vitamin D synthesis occur in indirect sunlight?
Inhaling pills possible?
Signs of Anoxia?
What are the benefits or drawbacks of my primary care physician having hospital admitting privileges?
Ultrasound: Why is the doppler angle setting supposed to be 60 degrees for arteries but 0 degrees for veins?
Lymph node swelling
Does walking daily causes knee joint damage?
how to deal with insomnia due to depression?
Race and bone marrow donor search
Can lumbar/sacral/thoracic spinal injury cause migraines?
What is Asperger‘s syndrome in relation to autism?
Consistency of fingerprint after an injury
Using farsighted glasses to counter nearsightedness?
does the hair grow if the scalp (skin) is some how ruptured and new scalp ( skin) is generated?
How can one product work both as a skin moisturizer and a soap?
Consistently high WBC, normal CRP in a post-cardiac arrest patient
Is there such a thing as "histamine liberators" and how do they work?
How to correctly use salicylic acid plasters against a plantar wart?
Do Elderly benefit from Vitamin D supplements?
Do UV-B emitting lamps for reptile pets produce vitamin-D in human skin?
The relation of weight loss speed and loose skin
What is the meaning of doubling of bioavailability?
Put kid upside down while doing Heimlich on her/him
Do fridges really keep things fresh?
Should one avoid consuming durians when drinking alcohol?
What advanced detection schemes can provide low cost screening for Latent Autoimmune Diabetes?
Do doxycycline and ciprofloxacin decrease each others effectiveness?
how to stop frequent nocturnal emission
Are collagen supplements of any use to help prevent or treat a tendinopathy?
Why is it recommended to record the highest peak flow result and not an arithmetic mean average?
Does marijuana inhibit cognitive functioning?
Can adults get new gut bacteria from external exposure?
Where can I find a (reasonably) reliable guide on supplements?
Are there side effects of listening to binaural sounds?
Can excessive Vitamin D cause insomnia or damage sleep patterns?
Reference request: Parkinson's disease book
Is there a limit to the duration of swishing with chlorhexidine oral rinse?
How to ensure that sex with a new partner will be safe for health?
Can tuberculosis be treated with obesity?
Why can’t asystole be shocked?
Is the difference between Medial v.s. Lateral Patellofemoral Pain Syndrome (PFPS) documented?
Does the same amount of calories have different result on people
What do these various descriptions mean in a dobutamine stress echocardiogam report?
Does "anti-inflammatory" = more aches/pain/soreness?
Does anaerobic exercise impair wound healing?
Why does one breaths out heavily in cold days but breathe in very easily?
How does the circulatory system know where to distribute oxygen and nutrients?
Food, recovered alcoholic and fallout
Why does bright light hurt much more with both eyes open?
What are "cryptic bacteria"?
Can (severe) hypothermia happen at ambient temperatures of about 10 °C?
What is the quantitative relationship between free T4 and TSH?
Are headphones with EMF measurement of 10,000 milligauss harmful to me?
How do I confirm death and the need for CPR?
Parts of the Brain
Where does fat go when you lose it?
Will treating minor infections with medication slow down or prevent anti body generation?
Are tourniquets only used to stop bloodflow?
Is it good/advisable to increase metabolism and subsequently the temperature of the body through the consumption of selected food items during fever
I always thought mouth breathing was a joke
Supersaturation vs Undersaturation of the Urine | Kidney Stones
Biochemistry of (tap water) iontophoresis?
Is Morton's toe curable without surgery?
Difference between having severe social anxiety and Social Anxiety Disorder
Accuracy of Ultrasound Imaging in Determining Nerve Issues
What are the expected variances of blood pressure readings on home monitors?
H. pylori-caused Bad Breath: how does it smell like?
What Is the full list of hormonal changes pre period?
What abbreviations for pill types are there, and what do they mean?
Why are non-flat counterforce braces supposed to work?
Is it possible to test for anomalous color vision on common screens?
What factors besides age and genetics influence the prevalence of Alzheimer's?
Why is some alcohol consumption healthier than no alcohol consumption?
Does circadian rhythm change depending on the movement of the sun or static all the year round?
Is lean non-hyperandrogenic polycystic ovary syndrome genetic?
Did Gary Taubes prove that cholesterol levels between 200 mg/dl and 240 mg/dl are normal and healthy?
Machine learning for medical image scanning
Blood pressure differs wildly, what values are correct?
CPR on injured person?
I can see LEDs blinking up to about 2kHz. Is this normal?
Is the drug's effectiveness directly proportional to the half life formula?
What does the intensity in an MR image represent?
Is there solid evidence, that antibiotics cause allergies?
Dextroamphetamine vs Dextroamphetamine Salt Combo
Can side effects on test drug be not fully disclosed and still ethical?
Is there any intelligence in heart?
Is daylight savings linked to heart attacks?
Hormone Definitions and Measurements
Is going to sleeping with socks beneficial or detrimental?
What makes an airport luggage scanner different from an X-ray scanner used in a hospital
The effects of heating and lighting using open flames on brain health?
Can you prevent skin tags?
Is reduced brain health really inevitable for those who can't use their legs even with upper body exercises?
How does cooling physically on the forehead help ease fever?
What is the difference between Meniere's disease and Meniere's syndrome?
Which conditions are associated with (multiple) food allergies?
What nutritional flaws are there in an amino-diet?
How many people are naturally immune to the chicken pox virus?
Bismuth subsalicylate (Pepto-Bismol) vs. Dimenhydrate (Gravol)
Self diagnosis expert system similar to easydiagnosis.com
What reference compares effectiveness of treatment by PA (Physician's Assistant) vs MD (Doctor of Medicine) providers for minor ailments?
Long term use of St Johns wort
Which impacts one's sleep more - waking up towards the beginning of a sleep cycle, or the end?
5G Radiation Dangerous?
What textbooks do medical students read to learn how to diagnose illnesses?
Is there any reason lean meats are easier to digest besides them having low fat?
Information on the FLUENTAL ® moderator/ shifter. How and who made it?
How does the "leucovorin rescue" work exactly? Why doesn't it make cancerous tumours grow?
Are there any other probabilities for an O blood typed kid other than O & O parents?
What study materials can a layperson use to gain a deeper understanding of lung cancer?
What could be the reasons(s) behind improved SENSE of "mobility" after sauna?
Could a high TSH level mean a problem with the pituitary gland?
Why can't one overdose on zinc by eating zinc-rich food such as oysters?
Streptococcus pyogenes mutation and recurrence
Isn't "epithelial carcinoma" a tautological term? Are there non-epithelial carcinomas?
The Ethics of extra treatment
What is the purpose of the "observation cohort" in a clinical trial?
Difference between Eisenmenger syndrome and ventricular septal defect
Are "data cut off" and "data lock" the same thing in a clinical trial?
How exactly is whole-wheat flour healthier than white flour?
How much variability is there in the potency of stimulates between different individuals?
Baby vs. Butterfly Needle
How else can a phlebotomist lessen my pain, on top of using a baby needle?
Meaning of "platinum sensitivity and primary PFI being repowered as prognostic factors"
How are surgical patients kept still while awake?
Is there a significant difference between Xhance vs generic (fluticasone propionate) nasal spray?
Does the administration of oxygen to ischaemic patients improve outcome?
Why is episodic use of infliximab associated with a higher incidence of antibody formation towards the drug?
Meaning of "central registration system" in Japanese clinical trials
Can a clinical trial involve patients not registered for it? A quote from a publication
How is "histologically invasive diameter" assessed in live patients?
Meaning of "Chest wall, Sp, Ps" in a description of tumor recurrence locations
Where might "Counter side Ax" be located? (Description of tumor location)
Does an hpv vaccination still make sense after age 26?
Can a medical student get an expedited certification as a paramedic?
Possible Threats from prolonged white noise exposure
What is the name for the symptom of mishearing words?
Why is the crescendo-decrescendo systolic murmur best heard at the cardiac base?
Does a wave of depolarization towards a positive electrode always result in positive deflection on ECG?
Exercise and Stress Hormones
What is the fetal viability of a full-term birth baby?
Do uteruses return to their original size after a full-term birth or are they slightly bigger than one that's never grown?
Does wearing UV blocking glasses worsen myopia in children?
What could be a reason for absence of near reflex in eyes
Exact wavelength of oxy/deoxy-hemoglobin absorption spectrum cross over in NIR region?
“There is a very strong correlation between consuming dairy products — such as milk — and acne, skin breakouts and aging.”
Effects of Garlic on Tacrolimus via CYP3A4
Definition of Prevalence
Why are thiopurine metabolites measured in units of pmol/8×10^8 RBCs?
Is there an explanation to why my stuffy nose seemingly disappears when I cover my nose while breathing?
Can the human brain be taught to recognize new body parts, and how?
Is there any medical evidence that one toothbrush shape is better than another?
Migraines and tryptophan
What are the official eye colors?
Why do doxycycline pills also contain lactose?
Lactulose and dental decay
Values of Body Hydration Values to calibrate the readings of Galvanic skin response sensor
Difference between acyanotic and cyanotic
Assessing protein bars with artificial sweeteners for diabetics type 2
What metric is used to measure estrogen levels?
What is the lower end of C02 exposure, where negative health effects of not enough C02 start?
Is tinnitus caused by brain damage?
Eye frame rate dropping when tired
Does increasing the size of a weight bar diameter help prevent tendinopathies?
Is there a browser for SNOMED CT that would support query by relationship?
Is the abbreviation"r/o" on a test report used in the declarative or imperative sense?
Is there a common standard to assess the safety of medical procedures?
Surgery of the hemorrhoid or other veins
How to avoid the diuretic effect of caffeine or green tea?
Skeletal muscle injury causes hypertrophy or atrophy?
Are citrus fruits bad for your teeth?
Does blood transfusion change one's behavior?
Any scientific evidence of "Breastfeeding Elimination Diet "?
Rising allergy and intolerance diagnosis rates
"Blood rushing to the head" during handstands: How is it regulated?
what is biological mass of rhinovirus in adult
Derivation of the relationship between snellen rows and diopters
Does an organ of a male donor work on a female patient?
Are long term sedatives used to treat suicidality?
Hospital department for patients with addictions?
How much sleep do adults actually need?
Father gets chickenpox, but doesn't infect his two children. How is this possible?
Bacterial growth inhibitors used in Deodorants
Why aren't fluoride mouthwashes with cetylpyridinium chloride labeled as both anticavity and antibacterial?
are female orgasmic gels usable for men
Hitler's physician Morrel prescribed a drug that contained e. coli -- was this unusual in those days?
Fentanyl causing direct damage to brain?
Does a single brain lobe (e.g. parietal lobe) heat more than others during processing tasks that are related to it?
Inspiratory and Expiratory Muscle Training
What disorder forbids eating raw, but still allow aburi (partially blow-torched or cooked), nigiri?
At what speed would an average adult human male bleed out, if their arm was amputated?
What percent of people in the United States are vaccinated against measles?
Is cupping therapy of any use to treat a tendinopathy?
Significantly reduced absorption of Ciprofloxacin with concurrently administered Sucralfate is utilized intentionally to treat Colitis?
Why wrong prescription glasses causes eye strain?
Does staying at home expedites recovery from infections?
Boiling vegetables for an hour and retention of their nutrients
How are drugs encapsidated?
Are there any studies that prove the effectiveness of saw palmetto for restoring hair in the bald places and stop hair fall?
How can a school be getting an epidemic of whooping cough if most of the students are vaccinated?
How long does it take to beat vitamin D deficiency
When is femtosecond laser recommend for cataracts?
Where does the powder spray from an asthma inhaler go?
All nighter: steady sleep schedule or sleepping in
Difference between hypovolemic shock and heart arrest caused by hypovolemia?
Is the number of push-ups a person can do a good risk estimate for heart attacks?
Are there any ways of preventing hereditary hair loss in people who have NOT YET shown signs of loss?
What are the risks associated with surgery required in Central Cord Syndrome?
How fatal is appendicitis?
Sleep apnea: Which is more reliable, a home sleep study or a lab sleep study?
Could an old person get arthritis in only one knuckle?
Barefoot walking nerves stimulation
Type II Diabetes (T2D) Remission with Age?
Are there any textbooks about sexual physiology and practices?
Is Jicama root safe to eat every day?
Why you can't take viagra more than once a day?
Why don't all teratogens warn against pregnancy?
Cause of distal convergence in anterior teeth
Do body composition analysers provide accurate readings or just estimates?
Can a Solid Bone-Like bone "extension" be used?
Earlier wake-up times in older people
Why oligohydramnios leads to hypoplasia of lung?
Why do some neurons live longer than others?
Why is it called Conscious Sedation?
How to assess the risk of "cardiac event" for a healthy runner?
What are the cause(s) of fibromyalgia?
Meaning of "at baseline" in "Detection of antibodies at baseline in schizophrenia or major depression"
Is there evidence you can increase penis length after puberty with hormones?
Cancer Drugs that Interfere with Glucose Uptake
What is the most modern strategy for treating middle ear infections in children?
What is the name of a condition where one cannot/can poorly perceive depth for objects moving towards them
Fatal adult-onset blood/vascular disorder
Ethics and concerns about feeding human placenta to humans?
Wrong prescription of artificial thyroid hormone
Why would someone have an anaphylactic reaction to intravenous saline?
Are vitamin C and desloratadine better absorbed when taken shortly after eating?
Meaning of "potential pharmacogenetic characterisation might also be evaluated so that these syndromes are treated at an earlier age."
How likely is the seasonal flu shot to protect you from a flu pandemics?
Does "400 mg orally twice daily" mean "800 mg of drug per day"?
Effect of turmeric/curcumin to block estrogen and hence reduce gynecomastia
Term for manufactured drug
What would happen to the body if the immune system failed to respond to a rhinovirus?
Does corrective eye surgery for affect the ability to focus similar to corrective lenses?
Does isotretinoin increase your chance of colds and flus?
Looking for an ECG anomaly detection tool
Defining CPT 88184 Flow cytometry 1st marker
What is the best method to get a non-student clinical rotation in the US?
How true is this article?
Why is the H2O molecule an antigen despite its tiny size and simplicity?
How reliable is MRI to diagnose ACL (anterior cruciate ligament rupture)?
What percentage of fillings performed today are done with mercury amalgam?
Is it safe to use olive oil to clean the ear wax?
Why don't we actively strugle to provide the highest LET particle radiation therapy, maybe with manganese, fluorine, nitrogen, iron, or osmium?
Foods/drugs/vitamins to avoid, or not avoid, for tardive dyskinesia
What is the difference of a physician specializing in cytology and a physician specializing in medical genetics?
Why does Melarsoprol have to be injected in glass syringes?
Is Myocarditis infectious?
Are death risks by cesarean deliveries higher in teenagers?
Is there any downside in combining the ingestion of NR and NMN supplements to increase one's level of NAD+?
Is vitamin B12 in supplements protected from stomach acid?
In what situations can vaccination lead to autism-like symptoms?
Inconsistencies in statin prescribing practices?
Best type of water to drink?
Is phototherapy (light therapy) of any use to treat a tendinopathy? If so, what is the optimal phototherapy treatment (session length, light type …)?
How common is it for local anesthesia to have no effect?
What is the difference between "mild degeneration of the muscular attachment of the gluteus medius" and "mild tendinosis of the left gluteus medius"?
Is an annual stomach x-ray (barium meal) an acceptable radiation risk for a resident of Japan?
Will cryolipolysis reduce fat cell's total number in human?
Do the most commonly detected pesticides on the EWG's Dirty Dozen expose only negligible risks to consumers?
Can finger bones get thicker from extreme use and pressure?
What fraction of people have a "Do Not Resuscitate" order?
Hypercapnic alarm - can it be triggered by smaller amounts of a gas other than CO2?
Can your finger bones grow thicker after extreme pressure or use?
Is there something like prosopagnosia (face blindness) for things that are not faces?
Use of injection containing both insulin and glucose
High lyphocytes count in blood test
Neurotransmitter distribution in the central nervous system (CNS)
Is it possible to approximate through medical imaging how old a tendinopathy is?
Varicella vaccine UK, benefits vs risk
Is 0.00 ng/ml a reasonable result for a drug screening?
Why is it not safe to drink heavy water?
How long it's recommended not to drink water (fluid) after eating?
What is "insulin resistance" and why is the word "resistance" used?
X is related posteriorly to Y
Does the body adapt to salmonella?
Why/does massaging the neck stimulates mucus/lymph production in the nose?
Colorectal Examinations
Nasal congestion or fever as a mechanism to combat infection
Are antibiotics and steroids' properties affected by high temperatures?
Are products of conception routinely re-assembled after a medical abortion?
Full Thickness Supraspinatus Tear
No firm evidence for restoration of gut bacteria by probiotics?
What would cause blindness to spread from one eye to another in case of trauma?
Few menstruation, dark color, irregular cycle, need treatment?
Do the screw holes in bones get fill in after get removed?
Might there be symptom-less cell damage from rapid hydration?
Is high blood pressure ever a symptom attributable solely to dehydration?
What is the correct way to use the pinch test for dehydration?
Has a guideline been set for the optimal pH level in the mouth?
Is there an inexpensive test (IE: perhaps a form of litmus paper?) for keeping tabs on oral pH at home?
Is there a convenient self test for Glaucoma?
How often is a microscope used
When leaded gasoline was prevalent why did more people not show acute lead poisoning?
Does the iliofemoral ligament prevent the hips from tilting during walking?
Has a correlation between sleep apnea and grinding of teeth been identified or ruled out?
Does the evidence show that handshakes during an office visit are safe?
Would an operating theater ringed with green plants increase infection risk or reduce it?
Have replacement anatomical parts with silver electroplating hit the market and do they eliminate infection concerns?
How would a newborn infant reflexively breathing react to rescue breaths administered correctly after birth?
Could sleep apena outcomes be improved by adding sensors to measure the location and movement of the jaw?
Might parasitic helminth infections be defeated with a specially designed "butt plug"?
What's the differences between the Herniated discs and Cervical spondylitis with cord/root compression?
Are Drug toxicity, Infectious toxic disease, Hypoxia & Malignancy all Acquired Metabolic Diseases?
Are there websites with clinical trial reports freely available for download?
Does some ingredient in coffee actually help the liver break down fibrosis?
Is there a classification code system for TB patients (registered for follow-up) in the West?
When internal hemorrhage occurs in an enclosed body cavity, is it possible to build up enough pressure to erupt through the skin?
Might calcium supplements be behind Granulomatosis With Polyangiitis (Wegener's)?
Why aren't other vaccines combined (like the MMR)?
Altered signal intensity lesion in frontal horn of right lateral ventricle in subependymal region without post contrast enhancement
Does vinegar rival alcohol in terms of the safety and effectiveness of hand washing?
Can/should environmental factors be assessed/exploited by geographic prevalence of disease for diagnosing/treating mysterious diseases?
Ritalin for treating lack of focus in Major Depression Disorder
Is general anesthesia safe for critical patients?
How does sleep affect anesthesia?
Why does the USDA not examine aliments for weighted mean nutrient reduction potential and weighted mean fat viscocity and divulge such information?
Frequency of drug side effect listed as "unknown"
Is transvaginal ultrasound the only imaging modality option for diagnosis of PCOS?
Is this a trick question about a fracture?
How do doctors differentiate between a viral infection and a bacteria infection
What scan is the best to see fatty deposits (atheromas) in the arteries?
Can taking high doses of iodine every day cause psychosis?
What are the minimum specifications for a dermascope?
Is smoking and exercising dangerous?
Emergent gastric ischemia
Meaning of "over-utilisation/degradation defects such as L-dopa methylation and neurodegeneration"
Risks of prolonged use of ultrasonic speakers
Which differential diagnosis can distinguish a tendinopathy at the gluteus minimus from a tendinopathy at the gluteus medius (trochanter insertion)?
Why do boys aged 4 to 8 use more nutritional supplements than girls in this Canada fact sheet?
Which nerve inflammation can affect vision other than the optical nerve itself?
How does a blood transfusion directly from one person to another through a line work?
What is the incidence and the prevalence of symptomatic and asymptomatic tendinopathies for the tendons in the buttock, thigh and iliac regions?
Application of acellular dermal matrix (ADM) and other external materials in transgender female's vaginoplasty
What does the prevalence of low potassium (hypokalemia) in 21% of hospital patients really tell us and how is it being addressed?
Does irregular eating patterns and frequent lack of hunger constitute an eating disorder?
How do you feed a starving person in a way that won't kill them?
Is a CT scan specific to an organ?
Studies on the efficacy of CBD to fight connective tissue inflammation
Can marigold extract be used in mosquito repellent ointment?
Do antibiotic-resistant bacteria present greater danger than related strains prior to development of antibiotics?
Since snoring can damage the nasal mechanism does snoring warrant CPAP intervention?
Overall, are postpartum home (not chlorinated) baths more harmful or hurtful to VAGINAL childbirth recovery?
Which hormonal treatments have been shown to be useful to prevent or treat tendinopathies?
"Disease X is allelic with disease Y" - what is the meaning of "allelic" here?
What is the medical consensus regarding the effect sugar consumption has on health?
Calibration sphere sizes for radiography
At what rate do extended-release tablets release the medication?
How much Vitamin A is in 1g of Fish Oil?
why are is the structure of valves different in the heart?
Where are good abdominal places for measuring SO2 and heart rate via reflective pulse oximeter?
Meaning of "sib of 20" in a by-patient case description table
Are blood pressure numbers recorded during an office visit really meaningful?
Chlorophyll supplements: metabolism of chlorophyll in the human body and proof for resulting health benefits?
Source for gluten content in foods
What is the likelihood of effective repair of septal perforations greater than 2 cm?
Is cannabidiol safe to treat depression of a patient with a schizoaffective disorder?
Does diffusion MRI (DWI & DTI) measure diffusion or osmosis?
tips before starting med school
Does the morphology of the insertion of the gluteus minimus to the greater trochanter impact the likelihood of being affected by a tendinopathy?
High dose radiation contamination — why is quarantine necessary?
Becoming immune against the common cold
Extended amenorrhea due to exercise - how to mitigate long-term damage?
How does one determine which textbook to start with when wanting to build knowledge in medical sciences?
Hairfall and male pattern baldness please help
How does someone get an STI if it has to be transmitted in the first place?
Is PCV13 effective if the suspension is not shaken prior to administration?
Why do gene therapies so often target rare disease?
What happens inside if someone eats a lot of rubbery non-poisonous wild mushrooms?
Does longer oil pulling than recommended 20 minutes bring any benefits?
Can a drug cause the same disease it is meant to cure?
Any randomized prospective trials to determine the efficacy of brushing (vs not) to prevent conditions such as dental caries?
Is being "healthy" an actual, overall provable term? Or is "healthy" just a loose assumption?
To what extent does the anatomic location of a tendon injury impact the recovery time?
Can circumcision cause childhood masturbation?
How many valves per distance are common in veins?
Any studies on the tradeoff between losing weight and being less stressful?
Fixing proclination (Overjet) due to long incisors.?
Forensic - Fingerprint patterns
Asymetrical face / cheeks (probably due to wisdom teeth removal)
Why are the estimates of obesity prevalence in England wildly different?
Vitamin Supplements Frequency
Tomato - from a dietary perspective, is it a fruit or vegitable
Why does pneumonia cause pulmonary embolism?
What cause eye cataract?
How to differentially diagnose continuing sciatic pain given this existing information?
Is it true that acid reflux is caused by low acid levels in stomach?
Are contraception effectiveness percentages per-user or per-use?
In contraceptive effectiveness ratings, are “typical use,” and “perfect use” self-reported?
What are "powered" vs "unpowered" samples in medical studies?
Can Telomers be tampered with using Nano technology?
How much and how fast a peripheral neuropathy can improve?
What treatments are available for dandruff/psoriasis
Custom harmless equalizer settings
Why can’t we just transplant donor organs into pigs to preserve them?
Are non-allergic, non-pathogenic rhinitis associated with fever?
Can an individual further aggravate a full tear of the gluteus minimus tendon (trochanter insertion)?
How to explain the theory of the influence of purine and alcohol on the incidence of risk for gout in light of contradictory evidence?
Must one take anticoagulants lifelong after stenting of deep veins with a non-thrombotic lesion?
Why do most drugs target G-protein receptors?
Treatments for Type 1 Diabetes specifically?
UK Accident and Emergency Roles
How can I preserve my stem cells?
How much does what you eat impact medication absorption?
What term is used to define long duration sexual intercourse addiction/hunger?
How much hazardous is cell site to our health?
Rashes from excess walnuts -- causing compound
What is the proper timing for dexamethasone injections to improve the healing of damaged tendons in humans?
location of injury occurence and are these injuries logical?
Do all Eye drops for dry eyes contain steriods?
Why do lower tooth extractions heal slower?
Why would ECT be done without anasthesia?
Why is it a bad idea to use uppers and downers simulatenously?
What is the longest kidney-exchange cycle yet?
4 Electrode vs 5 Electrode ECG
Is consuming fruits and veggies particularly high in fructose unhealthy?
Acceptable Macronutrient Distribution Range
If high cholesterol does not cause as atherosclerosis? Then what does?
Supplementing Iron: Everyday or Every other day?
What would a map of all possible diets look like?
Why does body movement still affect fractured bone when it is immobilized?
Why do optometrists "measure" your prescription with lenses orthogonal to the floor?
Why and how is it possible for one’s lungs to burst from breath-holding against a moderate decompression?
Is Intestinal or oral myiasis persistent?
How to share a cure?
Bone Demineralization in Situ
How does alcoholism technically (chemically) kill you?
How does a herniated spinal disk correct itself?
What is the mechanism for the appearance of metallic taste in the mouth when exposed to ion radiation?
Why are the ice packs always blue
Help me understand these descriptions of coal tar
Is cannabidiol (CBD) really an oil?
Understanding cancer
How often do I need to eat water-soluble vitamins?
Starvation with food
What is the situation with CBD mixed with alcohol?
How to calculate Metabolic Age statistically by using formula(without using weighing machine or any online calculators)?
How to make my lichen planus look worse to get rid of mandatory military service?
How to calculate Skeletal Muscle Ratio(%)(SMR%) statistically by using formula(without using weighing machine or any online calculators)?
Has tardive dyskinesia ever "gotten better?"
Can a radiology technician spot an emergency?
Do NSAIDs hamper herniated disc resorption?
Can there be advantages to polydactyly?
Scientific foundation of Mézières method
Why aspirin dose is reduced in gastric achlorydia?
Can consumption of large quantity of eggs (with yolks) be harmful for health?
Do people with higher metabolism walk faster?
Has any treatment based on applying exogenous BMP-2 to the wound site been shown to be useful to treat tendinopathies?
Does ecdysterone supplementation have any deleterious side effects?
Do potassium alum and ammonium alum have known negative effects on health?
What is the name of this medical practice?
How does Psoriasis change the biochemistry of blood?
Risk of HIV transmission during blood test?
What's the production cost of a typical gene therapy drug?
How much do our bodies heat up when we shiver?
Are all Type 2 diabetes effects caused by sugar levels?
Lyme disease and joint popping
HIV test for antigen p24
Can any external stents (or something like this) be used to solve aorto-venous conflict (May-Thurner syndrome)?
Does the special kind of diet really matter, when making a radical change?
Are homeopathy treated patients really experiencing "Placebo"?
Why is it suggested to avoid acid, but drink vinegar for acid reflux / GERD?
What’s keeping us from growing organs from stem cells?
What does JP mean after a medicine/compund name?
Is it ever beneficial to scratch something that itches?
How our brain discharge old CSF?
does eating beans cold modifies their nutritional profile?
Do alcohol-free mouthrinses have the same efficacy in terms of antiplaque and antigingivitis effect as mouthrinses that contain alcohol?
Atlas of pathology / morbid anatomy. Is there any?
What does a low serum creatinine indicate?
Studies on safety of different inert gases?
A question about clinical trials for different formulations
How often does the organic material of the brain change?
Ophthalmology: Less Ordinary Light-Protection Lenses
Risk level of formaldehyde inhalation
What treatments help decrease the percentage of immature type III collagen fibers following a tendon injury?
Does body recomposition cause the body to distribute fat differently?
What is the correlation between the convex acromion type and rotator cuff tears?
How can someone that is HIV positive not be contagious?
Breath-holding induced hypoxia and brain damage
Does ingesting creatine powder or capsules cause hair loss?
What is this study on the efficacy of tenocyte therapy?
What effect would a sperm containing XX have on a ovum and fetus?
What are the different ways,in which the stem cells can be transplanted to the hippocampus area of the brain?
How to calculate my "approximate" mortality rate while in ICU?
How important is the experience of the radiologist to diagnose a tendinopathy when reading an MRI?
Some clarity about HPV
What is the hardness degree of composite tooth filling on the Mohs scale?
Is ketosis gradual or "discrete"?
Is it possible to immunize against bacteria?
Are there risks to long term use of IUSs?
How accurate is the death of Caine in Menace II Society?
Are LEDs more harmful for our eyes than sunlight?
Pigmentation around mouth
Human body density statistics
Difference between mmol/l and mg/dl for blood glucose measurement
Are defibrillator leads actually clashed against each other?
Patient with pain in upper ear area
How is anaemia commonly diagnosed?
Is it safe to eat raw flour in Europe?
What oxygen saturation level causes fainting?
How has the research of the effects/benefits of yoga progressed since 2015?
Does a hormone PTSH exist?
Do you take whey protein supplements when you are sore or when you workout?
Cloves and potassium intake
How well established is the connection between insulin resistance and CVD?
Most probable causes of obesity
Does the delivery of BMP-12,-13,-14 (either in form of a gene or a protein) into an injured tendon help improve healing in humans?
What would a nearly-universal list of medical specialties look like
Safety of low dose testosterone therapy on biologically female individuals?
How much electromagnetic radiation applied to skin will cause pain?
Why is hydrocortisone mixed with clotrimazole in anti-fungal medication?
Mortality and when a protocol becomes statistically significant
Prozac, Ritalin and Valium..together
What things can trigger scintillating scotomas? Are they sometimes classified benign and not a reflection of a condition requiring further treatment?
Whether it is advisable to have bluetooth enabled devices for infants less than 2 years old?
Why does acne get worse during the first two weeks of treatment with isotretinoin?
Why would anyone use finasteride (propecia) over minoxidil (Rogaine) for hair loss?
Klebsiella pneumoniae and corticosteroids
Can antacids cause ear crystals (which can cause dizzines)?
Is any dietary fat excreted unmetabolised?
Longterm effects on DNA of aciclovir
Is it safe to reboil tap water?
How is blood cleared from the body after internal bleeding
Baked potato okay after sitting in the oven all night vs. Botulism or other risk?
Is Gestational diebetes common to all pregnant women? Can the unborn develop complications from mother with Gestational Diabetes?
What causes external lower leg to visibly pulse?
basil cancer on outer ear-tight glasses maybe the cause?
How do bacteria from feces cause food poisoning?
What is Pulse Wave Velocity, any benefit in measuring it?
Is it possible for a rainstorm to be SO heavy/violent, that staying out in it for too long could cause Secondary Drowning?
classical conditioning of glucose levels?
Helicobacter Pylori bacteria
Does premenstrual tension/stress persist after menopause?
If and why is McDonald's food considered extremely unhealthy?
How is choice made between coronary angioplasty and coronary artery bypass surgery
How can I find PET scan dataset about Alzheimer disease?
What are the complications of "an obese woman exercising to lose weight at primigravida pregnancy to prevent Large-for-gestational age" on fetus
Does astaxanthin help prevent or heal a tendinopathy?
How much magnesium can a person really consume without side effects?
Carbs Vs Fat - Which is better for weight loss
How does fluid temp impact glucose uptake in hypoglycemia?
Why am I not required to pay EOB?
Choice of foods and proportions for vegans
Do noise cancelling headphones make a lot of unheard noise?
What is the effect of still feeling a movement after doing this movement during the day called and what causes it?
DICOM SliceThickness proximity
What component of cigarette smoking is harmful to the bladder?
What is the probability of having a second pregnancy with IUGR?
Can Vitamin C and E supplements cure or manage Preeclampsia resulting from oxidative stress?
Why do age-related DNA transcription errors not manifest in children as readily as their parents?
When would estimates of renal function based on serum and urine measurements differ as greatly as one being normal and the other suggesting CKD 3b?
Is olive oil healthy in general, or only as a replacement for saturated fats?
Is it possible for a specific brand of a vaccine (for Leptospirosis in dogs) to cause hepatic side effects?
Is the wood of edible sumac poisonous?
Granuloma & it's possible fates?
How (un)suitable are veterinary products for human health?
Tips on identifying CVA patients
Barrett's esophagus (BO) and proton-pump inhibitors (PPIs)
Are there stem cell based treatment options for Hormone Receptor positive Breast cancer?
Transient duration for cholestorol medication
Is Alfa bag safe to use?
Publication on the contamination of used needels by addicts
Branch of medicine that systematically considers human enhancement and morphological modification
Publication on the virulence of diseases which are likely transfered by used needles from addicts
Are there beneficial compounds in cigarette smoke?
When is an MRI also an MRN?
How difficult is it to actually break someone's neck?
What is the difference between vasoconstriction and contractility?
Scopophobic or not
Can 50% white vinegar fumes harm a person in an enclosed environment?
High White blood cell count without fever
Please explain the algebraic reasoning in this textbook
Learn medicine online
Why does stroke cause insomnia?
I have desire in anal sex ,can my case be helped
How efficient is the human metabolism at converting macronutrients to fat
How safe is low frequency radiation in I.T. edge cases? (5G, etc)
What are the clinical importance of protein denaturation?
What is the "best" or most accurate way to measure bodily hydration?
Videos of surgery
Should I visit doctor if i have prediabetes
Is there a measure for the severity of adverse effects of a medication?
Does the arrangement of amino acids in a protein matter for nutrition?
When taking antibiotics, does every single germ have to die?
Can the neurological damage done by alcohol, specifically memory and cognitive performance, be reversed?
I want to try CBD
Does eating any kind of seafood lengthen the healing time of an injury?
What happens when you accidentally inhale smoke once?
Is it dangerous to administrate valproic acid to an adult with Autist Spectrum Disorder?
What can a lacunar stroke in a brain MRI be confused with?
