What scriptures describe Krishna hiding from Yashoda in Dadhipandan's yogurt pot?
Timeline of the battle of the ten kings in the Vedas
Why do God need relationship?
Looking for the Stuti (verses that praise) of Vedas and Upanishads
What is Dharma according to Veda or Upanishad?
What does hinduism say about exorcism
Relationship with Gods
Controversial topics over veg vs non veg and ceremonial sacrifices of animals
Which Vaishnava Sects consider Vaishnava Agama Sruti and which don't?
How many years are remaining in Kali Yuga?
Does being alive have a definition?
Is Krishna and Narayana both are same?
When Brahaman is formless how can we have description of this aspect in Vedas through Abhetha, Betha and kadaka sruthis?
What is the most authentic form of yoga?
How do Hindu scriptures define Ākāśa? Is it space or vacuum or something else?
When Shiva has five faces how does Subramanya have six faces?
When Vishnu himself with the form of Vridhrasura made Brindha lose chastity, how come Brahma alone cursed for entering Parvathi abode with 5 heads?
What are the qualities or attributes that differentiate Sanathana Dharma from other religious faiths?
Why Lord Rama was called Raghunath and when?
Why Lord Chaitanya leaves his incarnation in Puri dham?
Shri Krishna arpan mastu
The story and Principle of adding "shree" "श्री" before our sacred religious books?
How can you roll up space?
Can lost wealth be restored by reciting the kaarta virya arjuna mantra?
Does the soul remain at home for 10 days after death?
What is the meaning of "Swasti na Indro Vridhhashravaha..."?
Who is the Creator of all Energy and Sources in the Universe?
How did Aswathama get Narayanastra?
Is there any clue in Hinduism religion that depicts "Tree has life"?
How to preserve ancient Hindu culture and traditions in modern days?
Is there any verse or mantra to become opulent?
Is it compulsory to give name according to Rashi in Hinduism?
Making others feel good with words - Is it Punya Karma?
Is Maa Kali, Devi Durga, Maa Parvati, Maa Jagadhatri all are same?
Why man is mortal irrespective of good or bad activity?
Why eating rice is prohibited on Ekadashi?
Rubbing Vibuthi or Tilak off the forehead
What is the nature of this depiction? Which Gods are presented here?
What happened to the Vijaya bow after Karna's death?
Description obout Qualities of Human Mind and Advice for Mind , from Ancient Hinduism texts?
Does Hinduism allow chanting translated Vedic mantras?
Is the Lonar crater lake mentioned in Skanda Purana or Padma Purana?
How did Hanuman manage to survive after he got cursed?
Why doesn't Lord Krishna give Moksha to everyone?
Why Sanyasi (संन्यासी) shouldn't stay at a place for Long?
Krishna Driving Chariot Away While Fighting Karna
Why fight against adharma if everything is already planned?
The story behind Names of Hindu calender Months?
What do the scriptures say about Kali demon of Kaliyuga?
What is the origin of twelve Surya namaskar mantra?
What is the story of Jadbharat?
Wish to Circumambulate Around Mt. Kailash
Hindu Belief on Conception
Rituals after death
Did Karna really play dice with Duryodhana's wife, Bhanumati?
Where does Vyasa say this shlokha in the Mahabharata?
What is the story of Sage Dhaumya and his disciple Aruni?
Hindu view of fantastical creatures in scriptures
Manu Smriti as a source of controversy
Scriptural Explanation of the "Siddhis" of the "Yoga Sutras"
The Mysterious Origin of the Divine Sanskrit Language
Meat-eating and Hinduism
What is the significance of " Vratas" ( व्रत ) In Hinduism?
Nature of Aghora-Panth Yogis
What scriptures other than the Skanda Purana contain the Shuklambharadharam verse?
Triad of Mantra, Yantra, and Tantra
Did the story of Mahabharata start (and end) with a dog?
The Materialists and Naturalists
How Monsoon Season or Rainy Season (वर्षा ऋतू) has been described in Ancient scriptures of Hinduism?
What is the need of creation?
In trying to win Karna over to the Pandava side, did Krishna suggest that Draupadi would accept him as her sixth husband?
Garuda and Adi Sesha
Dates of Vedas and scriptures
Who was Dasharatha's second wife?
What is the exact dharma to be followed in case of a marriage outside the caste or religion?
"Chaitanya" (चैतन्य) and "Soul" (आत्मा) , Same or Different?
Krishna's role in game of dice
Who coined the word Hinduism?
Why does 'Yogakshema' word has different context in BG 2.45 and BG 9.22
Which characters in Mahabharata and Mahabharata war are fit in definition of 'Yoga'
Why did Vedvyasa mention his shishya Jaimini's opinion/saying in Brahma Sutra?
Guidelines inside any south Indian temple
Ancient sages or Rishis (ऋषी) and Locations of their hermitages (आश्रम)
What is the story of Lord Parashurama getting his axe from Lord Shiva?
English translation of Bharata Paryatanam by Kuttikrishna Marar?
What were Shri Krishna's sons doing during Mahabharat war?
Significance of lizard falls on our Human Body
Verses about homosexuality
Which all early Hindu scriptures contain references about Shri Radha?
Original sanskrit e-book of 'Tripura Rahasya'
What is the story of Sage Bhrigu testing Lord Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva?
What is the significance of cows in Hinduism?
What are the name of Hindu months based on Sun-god?
What is the story of Arjuna becoming depressed when lord Hanuman tested him?
Sangalpam for Dhakshyanam in USA?
How was the nature of rama in all phases of his life?
Are all religions the same or is just Hinduism engulfed in the myth of Sameness of all religions?
Story of Lord Brahmas Palace " Aparajita"?
Pithru karya and modern purohits
Pradikshinam of navagraha
Devshayani or Harishayani or Toli Ekadashi : Is there a Scriptural references?
How does Adishankaracharya Advaita explain concept of Avatar?
Beyond Satya loka ie. the end to separate existence?
What exact questions were asked to Shankaracharya by Mandan mishra's wife ubhaya bharti?
Is It true that Ravana and Mandodari never had a fight between them?
Why Shikhandi is named after Lord Shiva?
On Identity of Sage Valmiki
Hamsa Sandesha - a real incident or a fictional work?
Shree Ganesha and Sweet Dumplings (मोदक)?
When does a Mahadasha start for an individual?
Why didn't Lord Shiva realize that he was beheading his own son?
Everything is Yajna
Does Hinduism define superstition?
What is Sadhu? Is Any Parameters That Defines Them? Difference from Sajjan(good will person)
Which Scripture mentions the famous Shiva Tandava Stotram?
What is the difference between Sati and Jauhar?
Why is Thiruman Sacred?
Which is the favorite leaf of Lord Brahma?
Why do we people offer Prasad?
Time Frame to perform Homam
On use of contraceptive methods and enjoying sex-life without being kandarpa
God is created all the life of world
Monotheism and Hinduism
What is the proper way to do Shiva Pooja?
Does Shani Sade Sati really affects?
Bramhahatya / Brahma Hathi Dosham
What is the punishment for a person who is not Hindu?
Aesthetics in Hinduism
What is the Vedic Origin of Lord Shiva?
Is Shangri-La, Tibet will be called as Shambhala, Birth place of Lord Kalki?
Is every print of Shree Bhagavad-Gita the authentic one?
More information about the idea of Asvattha, the tree of transmigration found in Chapter 15 of Bhagavad Gita
What is the story of Somanath Jyotirlinga?
Why Lord Narasimha is worshipped during pradosha timings
Is tattoing alowed in hinduism?
Why is the state of shushupti (deep sleep) called prajnanaghana (mass of consciousness)?
What is the story of Mallikarjuna Jyotirlinga?
What are the similar characteristics of Swami Nammalwar and Jadabaratha?
What is the best way to solve Pollution problem on the name of God?
Comparison between Vishnu and Shiva?
Stories Of Yagnavalkya Rishi (याज्ञवल्क्य ऋषि)
Existence of Religion in India only
Translations for Vamadeva Samhita & Kapila Samhita required
What is the story of Mahakaleshwar Jyotirlinga?
What is significance of Shashtanga Namaskaram near Kodimaram/Dwajastambha/flagpole?
Why did moha (disillusion) arise in Arjuna only before the Kurukshetra war in Mahabharata but not the previous battles?
Were the mantras of the Isha Upanishad ever used in Yagnas?
Where can I read English/Hindi version of Mudgala Purana?
Aham Brahmasmi and Advaita Vedanta
What is the story of Kumara Swamy or Kartikeya taking the form of Subrahmanya (snake)?
Time to perform Sandhyavandanam
Commentary on Kena Upanishad besides Shankara's?
Materials to be avoided during Chatur Masa Vrata?
What is the story of Omkareshwar Jyotirlinga?
Are the texts of Magha Purana, Kartika Purana and Vaisakha Purana available in Sanskrit or English?
Babruvahana in Mahabarata
Why Gandhari remained blind-folded all her life
Why don't Sudras wear a sacred thread?
Relation between Bhrugu and Manu
What is the story of Vaidyanath Jyotirlinga?
What does Urdhva Pundra (Thirunamam) represent?
Different types of sacred fires from Vedic Period?
Meaning of Sadhana , Tapasya and Yoga (साधना ,तपस्या & योग)?
Please Explain The Number 108
Boons given to Ravana by Lord Shiva
What earthly events marks the end of Satya and Treta Yuga?
Sanskrit examples of Ghanapatha recitation?
Influence of the classical Upanishads on the belief of the maiority of contemporary Hindus
What is the source and origin of Shiv Panchaakshar Strotam?
What can be my first step in my transformation to Hinduism?
Why children born in Moola, Ashlesya, Jyeshta and Maga Nakshtras (stars) are considered inauspicious?
What is the story of Bheemshankar Jyotirlinga?
Yogam and Karnam
Are two Jnana-related Vedic hymns of Vamadeva ever used in Yagnas?
2-line quotes on aerodynamics or air
Swayambhuva form of Shivalinga
What is the story of Rameshwaram Jyotirlinga?
Pouring of Milk on Naga
Is the Vāmakeśvara Taṃtra available with English Translation or Sanskrit Text?
Who is this in the image and what are the objects held in the arms?
Is Euthanasia considered morally right?
What is the story of Nageshwar Jyotirlinga?
Do the gods incarnate as mythical creatures in other lokas?
Mudhal Alwargal
Where can I find a good translation of the Sulabha Janaka Samvada of the Mahabharata?
Does taking a dip in the Ganges River actually wash away your sins?
What is the story of the gods disappearing from the Earth?
What is the story of Kasi Vishwanatha Jyotirlinga?
Bhakti Parampara saints from South Indian states
Can we blow Conch?
What is the story of the son of Ravana who was a devotee of Narayana?
Definition of Bhagavan as per Vishnu Purana
What are the differences between the Indonesian Mahabharata and the Hindu Mahabharata?
Is breaking of glass and fire going off from lamps a bad omen?
will there be another influential pure devotee of Krishna in the remaining time of kali yuga?
Which chapter of Skanda Purana contains Guru Gita?
Where is the Vedic verse that says Indra has never fought for a single day?
What debate took place between Shree Yajnavalkya Rushi and his Guru Shree Uddalaka during the King Janakas sacrifice?
Why is Lord Shiva called indivisible, Ram & Ravan in Shivaay Trailer?
Why does Devaki forego Salvation?
What is the story of Trayambakeshwara Jyotirlinga?
What are the salient features of Rameswaram Shivalinga mentioned in Ramacharitmanas?
Means by which Devotion , Knowledge and Detachment, can be integrated together in the Kaliyuga
Kauravas Attaining Heaven
Why do Hindus cover their head?
What is the story of Kedarnath Jyotirlinga?
Spiritual significance of Goddess Lakshmi serving the Lotus feet of God Vishnu
Significance of House-warming (Griha pravesham) ceremony
Benefits of "Suryaopassna" (सूर्योपासना) or Sun worship described in Vedas and upanishdas?
What is the story of Ghushmeshwara Jyotirlinga?
Are there any proof of Moksha
Story of Kubera, the treasurer of the Gods
Was Rama a god?
Bhisma and the Boon of Ichcha Mrityu
Which scripture mention Lord Rama reached Ayodhya on Kaartika Amavasya (Deepawali) after 14 years of exile?
Mantra Rajapada Stotram
What is the connection between Kali and Kaliyug?
Amalanadhipiran
Varalakshmi Vratham
What is the importance of Bhrigu Kunda?
How did Arjuna get the celestial bow Gandiva?
What are some hymns composed by Kotpuli Nayanar?
Origin of कराग्रे वसते लक्ष्मीः (karaagre vasate lakshmi)
Yudhishthira got his brothers revived from death
Garuda and Lizard
Who will Kalki marry?
What are the details of the illustrious Bhishma's birth as the son of King Shantanu and Ganga?
What scriptures describe the UpAkarma dates calculation and performance details
Did People Know of Lord Krishna BEFORE He Was Born
Theertha Prasad and Sadari
Why is Lord Rama never mentioned in the Mahabharata?
Meaning of Namaste (Folded hands)
Satapatha Brahmana 10:4:2:23
Where does Srimad Bhagavatam book 10 describe Krishna's son Upashloka and Pancharatra initiation?
Which is an alternative deity that destroys obstacles?
What is the difference between living beings and dead matter according to scriptures?
What scriptures describe the love story of the sage Shyavashva Atreya?
What was the Guru Dakshina(Preceptorial fee) asked by Guru Dronacharya from the pupils on completion of their training?
How many Gods are In Hindu Culture?
Is it true that Sri Krishna's flute is still hidden somewhere in India?
What is the story Of River Narmada from Puranas and significance of Narmada Parikrama?
Was Parsvanatha, the 23rd tirthankara of Jainism, an avatar of Lord Shiva?
What were the good acts performed by Karna in the epic, Mahabharata?
What are the instructions by our scriptures on how to win a chaste wife with integrity?
Arjuna and Subhadra marriage
How does Ramanujacharya interpret a quote from Upavarsha's ancient Vritti?
Hanuman and the highest state of Sri Rama bhakti
Difference between 9 direction gods in Balinese Hinduism and other Hinduism
What is Prahlad Chanting
Why Durva grass is dear to Lord Ganesha
I want to know the reason behind lord Shiva wearing snake around his neck and how he got the third eye
God's photo kept in temple
Mahabaratha and Ramayana
Is it possible for one to have animal birth after human birth?
Can we keep Shiva Linga at home?
Importance and Worshiping of Tulasi-devi in every resident
Are dreams created by Jivatma or Paramatma?
Did Lord Krishna move around with four arms or two arms?
What does Brahma sutras say about Susupti state?
What can I do to reduce anger, greed, lust, fear and ego?
How did the Pandavas escape a death- trap at Varnavata?
Avatarams of God
Is Moksham guaranteed if have Phanchasamskaram done for me?
What are objections on Sabda Brahman school thought?
English translation of dhyana shloka (opening prayer) of Mahabharata?
Two different names of same gothras
Navagrahas directions
Why be so secretive in mentioning Devi Radharani's name in Srimad Bhagavatam
Is Kundalini Concept alien to Vaishnavism?
Thief turned into Alwar
Kungiliya Kalaya Nayanar
Arjuna is gifted Chakshushi by a Gandharva
Benefits of Varanamayiram
Has Kartikeya kill any other demons other than Tarakasura?
Atma and cells in the body
Swami Vivekananda Commentaries on Sita
What are the rules of philosophical debates in ancient India?
Upadesa Rathnamalai
Spiritual and Scientific rationale behind fasting
Aalavandar's Contribution
Non recital of Gayatri Mantra by Women and ringtones
Questions regarding Aiyadigal Kadavarkon Nayanar
What is the story of Sītā (wife of Rāma) killing Śatānana Rākṣasa?
Previous births of Lava and Kush
Sudarsana Homam
Why did Lord Krishna not help Abhimanyu in Mahabharata?
Lord Sarabeswara
Thousand Pillars Mantap in Ranganatha temple, Sri Rangam
Is there a name for a wrist mālā?
What is color of Purusha(jivatman) according to Brihadaranyaka Upanishad
Trilok is "three worlds" but what is Go Lok
Pushpaka Vimana
Core Messages of Ramayana and verses from Ramayana that one can refer, to enrich life in general
What are three Sharira and their relation to five Kosha?
What are the views of Vishishtadvaita on Nirguna Brahman?
Sahasra Mukhi (Thousand Faced) Raavana Killed by Sita
Is Vishnu present in the current time?
Love, fate and marriages
How do Sri Vaishnavas interpret the "Vedas are not Vedas" quote in the Brihadaranyaka Upanishad?
Are there any other Puranas that predict Adi Shanakaracharya besides the Bhavishya Purana?
Is Bala Tripurasundari the daughter Parvati?
Question By Yaksha To Yudhisthira
Varaha Jayanti : Is there any scriptural reference?
What are the different branches of Shaktism?
What Puranas cover the stories of Ganesh Chaturdhi Puja
What is the validity of Authoritativeness of vedas?
Arjuna seeks blessings of Goddess Durga
Can prarabdha be diluted by 1. Ram Nam Japam 2. Good Kriyaman Karma?
Why is Lord Ganesha depicted with a snake around his belly?
What form of Shiva is Shambhu in the Shakta worldview?
Which Scriptures mention "Chitrahuti" (चित्राहुति) or "Chitravati" procedure which we carry out before starting of our meals?
What is the origin of the Sloka "Mantraanaam Pallavo Vaaso..."?
How to brush off drishti by oneself?
where is the first reference of Krishna stealing clothes of gopis - esp. in mahabharat?
Dhakshinamurthi and Jupiter
Details about the verse: "Tvameva Mata Ca Pita Tvameva"?
Do i need to regret for my bad deeds or sins before undergoing Upanayana?
What are the different types of Lokas?
Applying Chandan on God statues
Is the image of eggs at temples offensive?
What were the ascetic austerities undertaken by Princess Amba to obtain a boon from Lord Shiva?
Mantra for better memory, concentration, brain-power
Thiru-Idangkazhi Nayanar's Hymns
Is it bad to undergo Upanayana ceremony for the first time?
Which are authentic Prakarana grantha of Adi Shankaracharya?
How we suffer by making others suffer?
Sadhana Bakthi and Bakthi Yoga
Is there any story of gods being forced to temporarily turn mortal?
Married Couples who doesn't have a child and they want to adopt a male or female baby
Atma's state after death
Are there any prophecies about self proclaimed God-men of Kali Yuga in scriptures?
How many human births does the soul take before it merges with the Almighty?
Are girls allowed to learn the Vedas?
Did Shri Rama and Shri Krishna kill all the adversaries
Can I please have a scriptural reference for Pitru Runa?
Do our scriptures declare that if God has to descend on earth then that place has to be somewhere in India?
What are Lord Shiva's Weaponry?
Why did Lord Krishna curse Ashwatthama?
What is the summary of the Ninth Canto of Devi Bhagavata Purana?
Is Devasena Shasti?
Who was sage Vasishth's most accomplished student?
What is that sloka which says Tirthas reside in our right ear?
Why don't we do complete 'Pradaxina' (Circumambulation) of Shivalingam?
Difference between Lord Rama and Lord Vishnu bows
How do Hindus decide which gods or goddesses to worship?
Are married women allowed to fast religiously(vrata)?
Why prabhupada refers Bramhan as non-dual(advaita) in his commentry on SB?
What is the origin of the shloka sādhūnāṃ darśanaṃ puṇyaṃ
What is the apex of adharma?
Conversion of Sattva, Rajas, Tamas
Married Couples Performing Penance
Origin of Sarveshaam Shanti Mantra
Vedarama's historical evidence in Hinduism
Do Hindus believe in reincarnation?
What is Sri Vaishnavism? What is the Vishishtadvaita?
Is Hinduism brought by Aryans or Dravidians to India?
Where is the Manipura Chakra located?
Gopuram and Kalasams
Which Puranas contain the story of Sri Kurmam temple?
Is there a list that describes which Chakras are located at which vertebrae?
What is the mythological significance of ritually giving water to sun after bathing?
Where does Rig Veda states about Cyclical Nature of Creation?
Translation of Valmiki Ramayana 3-53-25
How did Aswathama get rid the sin of killing Upapandavas and curse of Lord Krishna?
Why are chakra's frequently displayed as small points on the body and other times described as regions?
Why do some sources speak of the Sahasrara chakra and others of Saharara padma?
What is the mythological origin of Vastu?
Why "Panchagavya" is considered holy in Hinduism?
Which Puranas or scriptures contain the sloka purāṇaṃ sarva śāstrāṇāṃ
What is the origin of Brahma Sutras?
How did Arjuna get the Brahmasira astra?
Why are Apsaras always sent to distract sages?
What do Hindu scriptures say about river worship?
Why did Lord Rama need Lakshmana around all the time?
How true is the myth of Moola nakshtara effecting Father in law?
Are curses(saapa) effective in Kali Yuga?
Dosha Pariharam for pretha janma
What is the respective arrangement of Lord Vishnu's weapons in 24 Salagramas?
Giving Dhana and virushasanna benefits
How can a man completely get relieved of curses and sins?
Types of Dana (दान) a person should give during his lifetime
What consequences will a person face if he kills a Brahmin?
Reasons for attaining preta janma and how to get relieved
Difficulties one undergo when he is in pretha janma dosha
How to practice Kriya Yoga from Vaishnava perspective?
How did Hanuman's tail catch fire?
Which smṛtis (dharma śāstras) are to be followed in Kali-yuga?
Jataveda and Kravyada forms of Agni, the vedic God of fire
When should I start a fast (upavas)?
What is the story of Vasishta and Agastya's brother Matsya?
Why women are not allowed to attend Funerals
Why are Tirupati temple priests restricted from traveling overseas?
What is the legend of the Bāhudā river?
Hiranyagarbha Suktam and translation in English
Are ego and attachment evil qualities as per Vedas?
Who are the Visaraga Yogis condemned by the Vaikhanasas?
What happened to the asuras?
Why it is important to squat while performing achamana?
Is Dharma is equal to Religion?
What is the Adithya Hridhyam Stotra?
Which scripture describes six kalyana gunas (auspicious attributes) of Vishnu?
Can women do Pitru Tarpanam?
How is "Patriotism" seen from the Hindu Dharma perspective?
Bhagya Suktam and translation in English
"Karmanye vadhikaraste Ma Phaleshu Kadachana" Similar shlokas from Vedas and Upanishadas?
Why is Muruga also known as Thanikachalan?
What is the origin of Chandrashekhara Ashtakam?
What does Madhvacharya mean by the Jiva "half-entering" Brahman during fainting?
What is Rakshasa, were they only in Ram period and not any more?
Characteristics of Good & Bad Times
Why does the Jiva reside in Brahman during deep sleep?
What is Rama Rajya?
What scriptures describe the story of Pancha Mukha Anjaneya (five-faced Hanuman)?
What are the best resources for Vastu Shastra?
Individual Anjaneya photo
Hanuman and Bheema
Lord Krishna and Satyabhama
Lord Krishna and Balarama
Books on Datta Sampradaya
How common is it to combine aupAsana and vaishvadeva oblations in a single homa sitting?
What are the benefits of chanting the Shiva Mahimna Strotram?
How our body parts are classified as Vata,Pitta and Kapha Dosha in Aurveda?
Why do widows wear white sarees after their husband's death?
Is Lord satyanarayana avatar of Vishnu and mentioned in puranas?
What is the Yogic meaning of getting liberation by reaching Varanasi?
Jambavan's composition of slokam on Hanuman
What is "Trisuparna Suktam" from Vedas?
Vishnu and His mercy in His hands
Why Hanuman not considered a king even though his father was a king?
Is bribery a sin according to Hindu scripture? If yes, what is the punishment?
What is the source of the Sanskrit śloka that lists the four corner-stones of dharma?
What is the story of Vyuptakesha incarnation of Lord Shiva?
What is the Yogeshwara form of God Vishnu?
Why was vasuki used in Samudra Manthan great ocean Churning
Was Adi Shankaracharya defeated in debate by a Kashmiri panditani (scholar)?
Details about Nav Nag
Ramanujacharya and Ramayana
Pranavam's combination is A U M. What is the significance of this and who are the main actors of Aa Uu and Mm?
What Mleccha languages are used in the Vedas according to Purva Mimamsa?
What is Atiratra or Athirathram Yagna's?
How Rudra became Shiva in Vedas?
What is significance of Athi Rudra Mahayagnam?
How did Arjuna succeed in learning the method of using the Pashupatastra again?
Why did they invent Sanskrit as Veda language not any other script?
Did Swami Vivekananda eat fish and meat before he turned a sannyasi? Did he continue eating fish and meat after?
Swastika in Scriptures
What is Hinduism's view on porn?
Which Upanishad says that gods don't want humans to realise their true nature?
Can i offer worship/prayers in Shiva or Shakti temples after having meat and without bathing?
Who has written Madhurashtakam and what is its meaning?
Do any Deities, other than the Pancha Mahadevatas, have Swayambhu representations?
What does the statement 'Brahman is devoid of good and bad' mean?
What do the 10 heads of Ravana signify?
What does Kumbhakarna signify?
Is ॐ Gam Ganapataye Namaha correct, or ॐ Gan Ganapataye Namaha correct?
What happened to radha when she grew up?
Brahmotsavam in Tirupati only and not in other divyadesams
Story of Mookambika Temple from Puranas
Where is it mentioned in Ramayana that Shurpanakha lost her nose?
Rishi Bharadvaj's association to Saamveda
Why Matsya and Kurma Avatars are not worshiped like other avatars?
Vedic tradition of Samudrika Shastra
Mythological character in the Hindu newspaper logo
How many times has Shiva opened his 3rd eye?
What is Rasa Lila
When does the soul enter the body at birth?
What is "Agnihotra"?
Slokams for Navaratri first three days for durga, next three days for lakshmi and last 3 days for saraswathi
During Navratri can Lord Vishnu, Brahma and Shiva be prayed?
Mangalagiri Panakala (Panagam) Narasimha's miracle
Why did Arjuna shoot so many arrows when Bheeshma had already surrendered due to the presence of Shikhandi?
Naimisharanya in Puranas
What is the source of the legend of Vyāghrapāda?
The Karmic reason why Grandsire Bhishma had to spend the final days of his life on a Bed of Arrows
How many shlokhas are there in the Valmiki Ramayana?
Food Eaten in Ancient India
Significance of Bomma Golu
From where do priests get invocation(Avahana) and other Mantras related to Shirdi Sai Baba?
Worship of different gods by Hindus
Why and when does a Sadhu(Sanyasi) become Mauni(silent)?
Why is camphor shown to deities after archana?
Why is it required to visit a Temple?
Method of performing Panchopachār Pūjā
Why are tulsi leaves used while offering naivedya?
How did Samba, Krishna's son, get relieved from Curse of Krishna?
How to arrange the components of the ritualistic platter?
Which scriptures describe the importance of Sarva-pitru Amavasya or Mahalaya Amavasya?
Why are mango leaves kept in the kalash during puja ritual?
Why are puja articles arranged in specific five layers?
Why is a specific flower offered to a deity?
What is Vedic Dharma? and what is the origin of Vedas?
Why Padmavathi not stayed with Lord Venkateshwara swamy on Seven Hills in Tirumala instead stayed at Tiruchanoor?
Brahman and gods
What is Siddha Kunjika Stotra?
Are there any Variants in Samhita of Vedas?
Why did Rama tell Lakshmana that "your father" is dead and not "our father"?
In which year Sita was abducted by Ravana?
Word by word translation of Rig Veda
What happened to the Rama Setu after Ramayana?
Purva Mimansa and Vedanta commentaries on RV 10.129
Names of female scholars from Vaidic and Upanishadic times, or "Brahmavadinis"
Sudarshana Homam and its benefits
Why "Manasik Japa" is considered the best form of Japa?
Significance of death on Ganesh Chathurthi
Looking for the book that says Ramayana and Mahabharata took place lacs of years Before Christ
Various appellations of Arjuna and their significance
Kapaleeswara and Adikesava - Mylapore
Hindu deities and nearby cultures
After dying, why are Saints buried instead of burning?
What was the discussion between Narada muni and Yudhishtira about dharma?
How we can do pooja on Amavsya to please our pitras?
Do Vedas & Grihya sutras prescribe rules only for a Brahmin?
What are the benefits of reciting Durga Saptashati Devi Aparadha Kshamapana Stotram?
According to Hinduism, what do we carry into afterlife and next birth?
Why the "Karpuragauram karunavtaaram.." shloka is recited before any aarti?
A question on hiranyagarbha sukta
Reflection of "Yada yada hi dharmasya..." in Durga Saptashati?
Reciting of Sukthams
Is the Sankhya Darshana/Philosophy prior to Bhagavad Gita and Upanishads?
What are the benefits of undertaking a pilgrimage to Pushkar Tirtha?
What is the meaning of shrimad?
Why ulu dhvani(sound) is given?
Presence of children at the time of death of parents?
What sort of questions perplexed Arjuna before the start of the Mahabharata war
What's the importance of Turmeric in Indian Marriage and Husband in context?
What scriptures describe Shwetadvipa being underground with gates at Tirupati and other places?
Veiled Durga reference
What are the 32 auspicious traits of Narayana or Lord Vishnu?
Precedence in cremation rites
Can mantras help transfer energy miraculously to a person or object?
Does shambala village exists?
Who founded "Pushti mArga" and how is it different than "Vaishnavism"?
Uniqueness of darbha grass
Ramayana and Gayathri Mantra
Does Hinduism support the concept of "continued charity"?
Tulsi plant and watering it on sundays?
Which Purana has Shiva Ashtottara Stotram?
Lord Shiva and demon-king Jalandhara?
Number 13 and Number 8 really unlucky according to hinduism?
What are some online sources to get unabridged Hindu Scriptures or to learn Hinduism?
Reconcilling Vedas with existence of Rama, Krishna and related questions
Does Balarama ever regret killing Romaharshana?
Resurrection stories in Hindu scriptures?
Do Scriptures confirm about the "Swayambhu" nature of Shalagramas and Banalingas?
Is Lord Chaitanya and Nityananda Mahapravu both are same person?
Agastya's Palm Leaf Astrology
Slavery in Hinduism
What is use of suchi (शुची ) , sarva (शर्वा) , pranita (प्रणीता ) , prokshani ( प्रोक्षणी ) , sfaya (सफ्या) wood pieces in yajna?
How were all the arrows removed from Bhishma’s body, before the last rites (Antima Sanskara) were performed?
Is Karma different for accidental killing than intentional killing?
What do scriptures say about using swear or abusive words for cursing people?
Is Gana Kuta authentic as per texts?
Does the sect Sauram still exist?
Is this shlokha from the Garuda Purana? If so, which chapter?
What is Hinduism's stand on bestiality?
Why is Chandi Homa performed?
What is the reason behind Lord Krishna joining Pandavs instead of the Kauravs
Can I apply tilak to coconut with first finger is that badluck?
Where does the Advaitin commentator Anandagiri discuss the authenticity of Hindu stories?
What is the meaning of five elements(Pancha Bhootas) in Hinduism?
The "tricky truth" that was said by Yudhishtira on 15th day of kurukshetra war
Is appearance and divinity of Lord Chaitanya Mahaprabhu foretold in Garuda Purana?
Temple for Tri murthis and its significance
Pashupatvrat - Did all deities perform it? How to perform it? Any Pros and Cons?
Past life of Satyabhama
Does Veda has more than one Samhita regarding to Shakha?
Which incarnations of Vishnu has different skin colors?
Marriage separation rule in Hinduism?
Celebrating festival while menstruation
Why do we rely on god so much?
Small Carvings and statues in pillars in temples
Does chanting name of Krishna in Kali yuga gives you moksha?
Do generational curses exist in Hinduism?
Is Banlinga/Naramadeshwar Linga proscribed to keep at home? Why?
What do Scriptures say about doing Puja/Archanas in "Mleccha Deshas"?
Origin of sloka दर्शनादभ्रसादसि
Parents of Maha Vishnu
Did Yudhishthira lie more than once?
Was marrying brother's wife an accepted in the society of the Ramayana or pre-Ramayana era?
Does Hinduism prohibit talking while eating?
Did Balram really call Krishna "Munna"?
What are Vivartavada and Ajatavada?
Are Hindu scriptures limited to India?
How does Vishishtadvaita interpret "Brahma Ved Brahmaiva Bhavati"?
What scriptures say cranes can become pregnant without the involvement of males?
What is the meaning of "Vihitha Karma"?
Is Nityananda Prabhu incarnation of Lord Balarama?
Why did Hanuman burn the city of Lanka?
What ensures a human birth in the next life?
Why it is said if a black cat crosses your path you should not move ahead?
A doubt on Kalki avatar
Is Sufism a fusion of Hinduism and Islam?
What is the Birth date of Adi-Sankarācharya?
Why didn't Rāma leave his ring back in Ayodhya before setting out to the forest?
What is the need for hell when we also have to suffer the reactions of karma
Is Vrindavan Krishna different from Dvaraka Krishna?
Nigamantha Maha Desikan
Vidhi and Vidhan in Worship
Ramanujacharya's Brother
Why we put 'a' after each Hindu name?
Which Scriptures contain the verse "Arogyam bhaskarad ichcheth"?
Freedom from cycle of ( re-birth _ death_re-birth )
Who is Parangusa dasar and what are his salient features?
On reading stotrams from hand-written manuscripts
Sandhyavandanam during Asoucha period
How is Mount Kailash, the abode of Lord Shiva, described in Hindu scriptures?
Is the ritual of killing an animal as offering to Maa Kali correct?
Absence of names of days in scriptures. Why?
What is Adi Shesha's role during Kalki avatar?
Madhvacharya and Nigamanda Mahadesikan
What are the different methods of Aura cleaning?
Why is Ram lila popular in North India than South India?
Different ways to rectify Vasthu dosha?
Why did Hanuman fight his son?
Is there any verse in Vedas explaining Instantaneous Action at a distance
As per Hindu mythology or vaastu-shastra, is it lucky to keep a turtle as a pet?
Did Lord Rama reach Ayodhya after 20 days from Dusherra?
Recording of Vishnu Sahasranamam
How Are Azhwaars Vishishtadvaitas?
What place does a thing like prostitution occupy in the Hindu context?
What should be done on Datta Jayanti?
How to read Hindu Scriptures
Scriptures: 64 Arts and 14 Sciences
I live in North America - how can I live a pious life?
A question about blood sacrificial acts in Hinduism
Does one gain pāpa or puṇya by remaining neutral in a moral crisis?
What is the current status of the four varnas created by God?
How do almanacs predict future natural calamities?
Chanting Mantra for variety of Pooja's on different gods
Mechanism for Gravity according to Vedas
Is there any hierarchy for Devi's incarnations?
How is Ayyannar related to Shiva?
In Ramayana, why did Lakshman & Ram got hit with Naag Pash?
Did Krishna play flute ever post Gokul days?
What was the reward given by Sri Rama to Jatayu for fighting Ravana?
About Skanda Shasti Fasting
Why can't a boy born on Poonam/Purnima marry a girl born on the day of Amavasya?
English translations of Kavyalankara Sangraha by Udbhata Bhatta
Why are the Yavanas associated with the Greeks?
Is it true that kauravs got a place in heaven?
On verses, from major Hindu texts, similar in purport to those found in the Bhagawat Gita
What does the Hindu religion think of apostasy?
Can rituals like 'Tila tarpana' be performed on "Ratha sapthami" day?
What was the period when vedic scriptures were put in written form?
Translation and significance of sanskrit shloka---Shloka-Ardhena Pravakshyämi Yad-uktam Granthakotibhih
Why does Chinna Jeeyar Swami carry a bunch of sticks and a flag attached to them?
How can Narasimha & Vamana Avatars happen before Parashuram?
Why do Sannyasis avoid looking at women?
Astronomical explanation of twice setting of sun in Jayadratha episode
Dharma Shastras on Black Money, Corruption and paying Interest
Weapons selection by God Vishnu in his Dasavatara
Who are the authors of and what are the significances of "Eka Sloki Ramayana" , "Eka Sloki Bhagawatam" and the like?
Is there any planetary arrangement described for end of the world in Hindu scriptures?
Who is the Bhashyakara who pretended to criticize Pancharatra?
Why is shiva called khandakarnan?
Why does Lord Vishnu create water by penance, and then retire to sleep before beginning world drama every time before the creation of universe,
Are we encouraged to become a brahmin?
Is pranayam compulsory in Sandhyavandanam under any situation?
Bhagavad Geeta 4.14 - How can no work affect Krishna if everything is in Him and He is in everything?
Exact lyrics and meaning of the eulogy to Bhishma in Mahabharata
Sakadevan binds Lord Krishna
English translation of Krittivasi Ramayana
Who makes Hindu calendar? Is that authentic calendar or illusory calendar?
Appropriate time to do amavasya tharpanam in the below instance
Why some spiritual people become cynical?
"Sarva Dharman Parityejya Mamekam Sharanam Vraja..." in Shiva Gita?
What is Surya Sidhdhant? How Bhaskaracharya was the first to discover gravity, 500 years before Sir Isaac Newton?
Kalidasa on good and bad people
Hoarding wealth and resources
Does Purva Mimamsa believe that the law of Karma is intended to increase faith?
Reason behind Kashi Yatra in Indian Wedding
Does Ati Rudra Maha Yajna and Ekadash Rudram yield similar benefits?
Which are the books to be read for Spiritual and Physical pleasure?
Why are women and men asked to sit separate in religious gatherings?
How to get rid of Pitru Dosha?
Where do the Vedas discuss Yagnas only bearing fruit in the afterlife?
What is the relationship between cause and effect as enunciated in the Yoga Vasistha?
Results of doing pooja with vs without mana (interest/Mind)
Can we plant Peepal tree at home as a bonsai
Tripurāri pūrṇima festival story and its significance?
What were the actions of the illustrious Dronacharya, immediately before quitting his material body?
Benefits of lighting a lamp using different oils
Krishna on choosing between character and a secure future?
What is dharma as per Karna?
Why the events mentioned in Ramayana and Mahabaratha only occured in sub continent?
Anna Abhishekam to Lord Shiva on Full moon (Poornima thithi)
Why did surya not accept shani as his son?
Why is Lingam said to be the symbol of phallus(Penis)resting in the middle of a rimmed, disc-shaped yoni(Vagina)?
Any historical proof for places mentioned and incidents narrated in The Mahabharata?
Was Adi Shankaracharya’s Parakaya Pravesha to learn Kamashastra Dharmic?
What is Hinduism's view on abortion?
Jaimini's view on Krishna
Why auspicious things not performed in Aadi and Margashirsha?
Is OBE or Astral projection real ? is there any reference to it in any?
What are the Vibhutis of Lord Shiva as told in Mahabharata?
Tapping temples (on forehead) and worship of Mahaganapaty
Why Universe was unstable when Lord Brahma created it?
Can we get Parasara Bhattar's 171 Namavalis extracted from Vishnu sahasranamam?
Who are the other people in this Shiva picture?
Can a married woman take out her Mangala Sutra and keep it anywhere?
How important is the Bhagavad Gita when compared to other Hindu texts?
When should one shift focus from artha and kama to dharma?
What are offerings to shivalinga and what are fruits of it?
Which Purana mentions about Sati's death?
In which caste was Lord Krishna born into?
Negative Characterisitcs of Women - Ravana
Did Kuntī deliver Karṇa through her womb?
Why Dakshina is given to Guru?
Lighting of earthen lamps in evenings in Karthika month and in mornings in Margasisha month
Siva Purana - Kalavati, the daughter of King of Kasi
Will saying something in anger come true?
What sin is committed in pastlife or this life so that one has to undergo KemeDrum Yog? Any remedy?
Which Puranic Scriptures describes procedure of "Ashtanga Yoga"?
Sukthams with khilams from Rigveda?
By what prayer Arjuna prayed Lord Shiva while obtaining Pashupatastra?
Is Pitra Dosh in Kundali specific or densty specific?
Under What Circumstances Would Demon Be Given Nectar Churned from Ocean
Who is the Kshetrapala god who lives on the Pariyatra mountains?
Explanation of SrimadBhagwadGita verse 18.66
References to "purushartha" in vedas?
What has Virāṭa Parva pārāyaṇa got to do with rains?
Auditory sense detachment
Does Bhagavad Gita detest atheists?
What scriptures mention the "Vaikuntha-Kamalaja" form which is Half Vishnu & Half Lakshmi?
Manas Khanda, Sahyadri Khanda of Skanda Purana
Which Scriptures say that by chanting Lord's name during the time of one's death one can attain "Moksha"?
Who is the god Tvashtar?
What is Astrology and what are its benefits?
How did the Navagrahas come into existence?
Does the word "Indrajāla" (Indra's net) have any connection to the god Indra?
Did Kumarila Bhatta believe in Nishkama Karma as a valid means to Moksha?
When a lizard makes noise whatever we think may happen --Is it a myth or true?
If Mahabharata happened after Ramayana where were the descendants of Rama during Mahabharata?
What is the difference between Yantrik, Shastrokata(Vaidik\Puranik) and Tantrik ritual(vidhi)?
Similarities and differences in the four vedas
In any scripture, are there any records of climate change? Example with Solutions?
Is Tulasi a single jeeva or a class of jeevas or something else?
Regulative principles for sex life
Rules regarding Sutaka?
Since Mahābhārata happened after Rāmāyaṇa, why did Pāṇḍu kill a deer that was mating?
Mattapalli Lakshmi Narasimha
What scriptures mention chanting Runa Vimochana Narasimha Stotram relieves debts?
Why didn't Shiva take avatars like Maha Vishnu?
How many people participated and how many died In the Mahabharata War?
Do manuscripts of Rāmāyaṇa and Mahābhārata have footnotes in them?
Whose marriage happened first, Lord Shiva's or Lord Vishnu's?
Law determining changing of modes of material nature
How does a Jogi lead his life? Are "Yogi" and "Jogi" the same?
Mention of Liberation in Vedas
Is there any hymn or verse for not having any kind of good/bad dreams? How can one skip dreams or illusion?
Is sarpa worship and Naga worship different? What are the fruits of Snake worship?
Which scriptures talk about the Kurma avatar of Vishnu?
Are there non-ISKCONic translations of the Bhagavata Purana?
Who is the Vaishya Rishi Sankila?
Unity in Diversity concept in ancient Hindu scriptures?
Why do Sabarimala devotees wear Black clothes ?
What's the view of Hinduism on prostitution and premarital sex?
Is Badrinath actually in India?
Martyr concept in Hinduism
Authentic sources of history after the Mahabharat war
Why didn't Kṛṣṇa really prevent the Mahābhārata war? Did Kṛṣṇa classify the Kurukṣetra war as hiṁsā or ahiṁsā?
Did the 10th day or 11th day ceremony after the death of a close relative originate due to the Mahābhārata war?
Who among the Pāṇḍavas supported the main Kurukṣetra war and who didn't? What were their reasons?
If Rāma could sacrifice his kingdom to Bharata, why couldn't Yudhiṣṭhira do it for Duryodhana?
How can Jamuna river be in India when shastras say otherwise?
What is the view of Hinduism on "speaking lie" or "hiding things" among spouses?
Jyotisha-Shastra and prediction about death?
Which verses of the Sama Veda are not taken from the Rig Veda?
Did Draupadi want Karna as her sixth husband?
Who is called Arihant?
What is the meaning of 'adhikāra' in Hinduism? And who decides if someone has the 'adhikāra' to do or not to do something?
What is the ideal time to perform tharpanam?
Why and how do Hindus celebrate Christmas?
Is the "I / Me" beyond "Brahman"?
Immorality of the gods
What scriptures describe Vishnu's Mukta-damodara-bandana?
Who is Lohitang? What is his story?
Why it is believed that it will give positive effects only if it is Lord Shiva's own wish to perform Tandava and not of others?
Why five brothers of bride are invited in "chori/mandap" while marriage is going on and what ritual is performed for what results?
Is Kailāsa mansarovar actually in Tibet, China?
Bhagavad-Gita: As It Is - version without interruptions?
What are all the curses given by sage Durvasa?
What exactly is a leela (लीला)? Is there a scriptural definition of leela (लीला)?
What is the core message of the Bhagavad-gītā? What are some verses from Bhagavad-gītā that one can refer to, to enrich life in general?
Who is the 'certain brāhmaṇa of pious vows' in this conversation between Kṛṣṇa and Aśvatthāmā?
Ramayana - ravana and lakshman
Who is the current leader of Asuras?
What is the reason behind Gita favoring the SAtvika way over others?
Bhagavad Geeta 5.4 - Can one attain samādhi by practicing science?
In his lecture to Vāli, which Manu-smṛti verses is Rāma talking about?
Worship of Shree Ramanuja while he was in his body?
Do children accumulate karma? At what age are you responsible for your karma?
Is Rig-parisishta a real supplement rig veda?
What is the story behind this Vishnu - Muchukunda painting?
What is the location of Vishnu's sacred place of Mallakupa?
Should you consider your elder brother's wife who's younger to you as your sister or your mother?
Did sage Nara and Narayan still live even in 28th Dwapar Yuga?
Where does the Devi Bhagavata Mahapurana state that it is the best among the 18 main Puranas?
What are the valid and foolproof methods of determining whether a certain scripture is interpolated or not?
Ganga flows from Meru parvat but, where is Meru?
Should parents be worshipped before the gods?
Which king Janamejaya killed a Brahmin woman?
Did Lord Rama create or invent fire?
Are Hindu children meant to serve their parents forever whether they like them or not?
Is it true, only married people are cremated, non-married people are buried?
Do Yajurveda 40.9, Yajurveda 32.3 and Bhagavadgita 7.20 reject idol worship?
What is the story of Savitṛ deity?
Why Lord Chaitanya is called "noder nimai"?
Who do I bow down to the feet and who to the hand?
Why is Brahma referred as Viranchi in Scriptures?
Is it not obligatory for a householder to try begetting children?
Significance of five shikhas (tuft) during upanayanam
How did Swaminarayan bhagwan die?
Is taking interest from bank a sin?
In which hindu scripture, savitar(god of speed) is mentioned?
In the Kurukṣetra war, did anyone attempt to kill Kṛṣṇa and end the war instantly?
Status of world during first time lord came to create souls?
Is it a sin, if any hindu gets married with a person of other religion?
Which scriptures deal with rules for widows?
Is it sin to eat non veg in hindu religion.?
Why Lord Muruga is not worshiped in north india as much as he is in south india?
What is 'Kabir Sagar'?
Were Radha and Rukmini the same person?
What is duration of tithi according to Hindu panchang?
Why didn't Ravana use the Chandrahasa sword against Lord Rama?
Difference between Danam and Dharma?
Why is Shukra related to the Parashurama avatar of Vishnu in Jyotisha?
Is ramayana a history or an entertainment?
Is the ocean (sāgara) named after King Sagara or is it the other way round?
How to stop giving own creation to Shiva?
How was the relationship between Ashwatthama and Arjuna?
Do we take rebirth if we help others?
If Rama used Brahmastra on Ravana, why didn't Ravana turn to ashes?
Which Hindu Scriptures provides knowledge about Nagamani(Cobra Pearl)?
Does Kamban's Ramayana make mention of Skandha Purana?
Why did Goddess Lakshmi choose Lord Vishnu as her consort?
How should contrition (repentance for sins) be performed?
According to Hindu scriptures, should one buy a house or rent it?
Is Ayodhya's location true?
How can Kundala of Karna protect him in battle?
BG 14.8 - What is the source of the scriptural definition of "mode of ignorance"?
Correct gender version of Sanskrit name तेजस्वी or tejasvī
What boons did Ravana receive from Lord Brahma?
Why didn't Bhishma, Drona and Karna attain moksha? Why didn't they live with liberation as life's goal?
Why doesn't the description of Godavari river match with what the shastras tell us?
Did Karna's dāna really save his life?
BG 4.40 - What does Kṛṣṇa mean by saṁśayātmā (doubting mind)?
Why is Lord Shiva called NilaLohita?
What will be the next Yuga after Kali Yuga?
When did this Kali yuga start?
Female warriors in the Epics?
Are non-Hindus allowed inside Tirumala Veṅkaṭēśwara Temple? Do they need to sign a waiver?
Does ayurveda has medicine for cancer?
Is invincibility in a battle dharma or adharma?
Why low-caste people are not allowed inside some temples and homes?
Do the Four Elements shown in Avatar Airbender series have any basis in Hinduism?
When did Vibhishana stop being king of Lanka?
How do the Vedas survive during the dissolution of the Universe?
In her second boon, why does Kaikeyi say नव पञ्च च वर्षाणि (nine and five years) instead of चतुर्दश वर्षाणि (fourteen years)?
What was the memory/rivalry of Ravana with Bali's son Bana?
Which Smṛtis or dharma śāstras give a brāhmaṇa the adhikāra to fast unto death to collect his debt?
Can a Sudra become a Brahmin in 'this' birth?
Interpreting Bhagavad Gita verse 8.16
Who is Suvarchala? Is she wife or daughter of Sun God?
Do Vedas say about transition to Kali yuga?
What are some well-written and accurate Ramayana books based on Valmiki's original work?
What happened to Valmiki, after the Ramayana ended?
Historicity of the Bhagwa flag
Question about Swami Ayyappa and Mahishi's time period
Scriptural source for the Subhāṣita that says 'treat others' wives as your mother'
In the Mahābhārata, where does Vidura-gītā begin and end? What are its first and last verses?
Why treat Guest as God (अतिथिदेवो भव)?
When can one take Sannyasa?
Rules of achamana to be followed by the Sudras and the Strees(women)
When can a girl marry after performing Head torch/Last rites
In brief, what is the thematic outline of Rig Veda 10th Mandala?
After a plant dies, will its atma get a human birth directly?
Why are men who don't wear yajñopavītam asked to wear one during certain rituals?
Do our sins really burn away if we're reborn as animals or trees (i.e., other than human)?
What happens to one in afterlife who doesn't believe in God?
What is the reason behind Lord Kartikeya holding a rooster flag?
Are women allowed to wear rudrakshas?
Why is the description of Dwaraka not how shastras tell us?
Are Nishkama karma and Purusharthas opposed to each other?
In their old age, who should take care of Hindu parents who don't have any sons?
In the legend about Venkateswara,what is the relationship between Vedavati and Padmavati?
Is the object of Putrakāmeṣṭi only a son or a child of either gender?
kamajayi mudra and it's implications on celibacy
Which Shastras are more authoritative,the Smritis(Dharma Shastras) or the Puranas?
What is the physiological criterion for death?
What is the concept of Arudha Pada in Jyotisha?
Adi buddha and Gautama buddha, Which one is the real avatar of Lord vishnu?
What is the legend behind Mayureshwara?
Shadripu in Hindu texts
Did Goddess Vaisno Devi live without food during her 9 months stay in the cave in Ardhakuwari?
Who are chamunda and chandika?
Is Dramidacharya the same as Thirumazhisai Alwar?
Why shave hair after parents die?
Parents of Narada muni?
What is the story of Haridwar?
Question Regarding Shiva Linga?
Why couldn't or why didn't Lord Rama withdraw his Brahmastra when Arjuna could?
What is the origin of Kumbha Mela?
Who are Pancha brahmas' Lalita Devi sits on and Why are they called so?
Do Brahma, Vishnu and Maheshwara die?
Which scriptures define the science of Mudras? And what are they used for?
Who is YOGI (Sanyasi) in hinduism?
Map Om to Create, Maintain, Destroy
Why didn't Mārīca seek refuge in Rāma like Vibhīṣaṇa did?
Did Sītā and Draupadi wear maṅgalasūtra (मङ्गलसूत्र)? What's the origin of wearing maṅgalasūtra and toe rings?
Is Adi Shankaracharya's commentary on the Adhyatma Patala available online in English?
What's the origin of the verse "Mangalyam tantunanena mama jeevana hetuna...?"
When does universe merge back into the Supreme Brahman?
Is there a systematic theory to the symbolism in Hindu itihasas and puranas?
Untouchability during Ramayana or Mahabharata period
Which Purāṇas define the word "purāṇa" within their text?
Why Ganesha is covered with saffron(sindoor)?
Which world view prevailed during other yugas
What is the significance of fire in rituals?
Which Hindu scriptures discuss Kapāla Mokṣa?
Why is Lord Shiva called Pashupati? Who are the Pashus?
Did the ancient Hindu people knew the atom energy?
Is the Rama Setu pilgrimage "equally effective" for all pilgrims irrespective of their dwelling places?
From where Sheshnaag came?
Did Lord Buddha really not believe in God and the Vedas? If so, why?
Puranas besides Bhagavata & Devi-Bhagavata stating themselves as the foremost or best
What scriptures describe Ganesha having five hands?
Are Sudras not allowed to study any scriptures of Hindusim?
Scriptural reference for the story of a sage, hunter and a wild animal?
Why only Lord Vishnu incarnates on earth?
Worship of combined deities of "Krishna, Balarama, and Subhadra" as in Jagannath Puri?
What horoscope matching factors are necessary for a marriage?
What scriptures say Indra has right/authority to test sages with Kama, Krodha, lobha, Moha, Madha and Matsarya?
Why didn't Indrajit use Brahmastra against Rama and Lakshmana in the main war?
How will we know the end of first part of the Kali yuga?
What scriptures describe toads being found in the heart of solid rocks?
Why did Lord Hanuman bring two mountains from Himalayas?
Why Karna and Drona didn't use Brahmastra against Ghatotkacha?
How Universe has No beginning?
Bramhacharya and restriction on cosmetics
Did Yudhiṣṭhira sacrifice old women (female slaves) as part of his aśvamedha-yajña?
Colors of different varṇas: Is it their physical complexion or their qualities?
What are the Shabar mantras?
Meaning of the word 'Vyasa'
Is there the first birth of a jiva soul in the material world or not?
Who are the śaka purushas?
A Comprehensive book on Hinduism
Which shloka or scripture states that there are 33 crores of Hindu gods?
Rithambara Pragnya experienced by mathematician Ramanujan
Sanatana dharma or Hindu
Which Truth should be revealed and which should be hidden?
Did Draupadī cry when Arjuna brought Subhadrā home? What about Kauśalyā and Sumitra in Daśaratha's case?
What is the source of a mantra called Mahā saṃkalpaṃ?
Why take different avatar each time?
The Legend of Chessboard (Pala payasam story) of Ambalappuzha Sri Krishna Temple
Why Lord Krishna says he is Bhrigu in sages?
Reference to Ganesha's statement from Mahabharata ("The day I was born I made my first mistake")
Who was the solar dynasty king who was turned into a spider?
How people knew that RAM JANAM BOOMI is exactly at the same place where Babri Masjid Is?
Representation of number 0-9 in Sanskrit shloka
Procedure & rules to be followed while listening or narrating puranas?
According to Mahābhārata, did Bhīṣma ever marry or not?
Does Kumarila Bhatta say you're always reborn as the same species?
Remarriage in Sanātana Dharma
Was Hanuman ever shot in the leg by an arrow?
What is the source of this famous verse?
Description of seasons in Hindu Scriptures
If soul gets rebirth into another body, will pinda pradanam and shraddha rituals reach that soul?
A soul never does any karma, still carries Karma in afterlife?
Where is Vālmīki right now?
Why is Krishna depicted as a love maker?
Which Purva Mimamsa philosophers think Brahman is the soul of the Vedas?
If Lord Parashurama really cursed Karna, how could he launch Brahmastra on Arjuna twice?
Why did Rama try to kill an innocent deer just for its skin?
What To Learn From The Vedas?
Did the destruction of Daksha's sacrifice also happen in present Vaivasvata Manvantara?
Is Mahabharata the longest poem of the world?
Which scripture says that a sannyāsi can liberate 21 generations of ancestors without performing the śrāddha?
What are the rules for wearing Rudraksha bead
Confirming Original Rudraksh Bead
Which varna are 'Hindu' Buddhists part of?
Is the concept "numerology" based on Hindu Scriptures?In particular which Texts give the rules of how to relate the Navagrahas with the numbers?
Puranic reference for "Krishna is a tiny part of Lord Vishnu"
Why didn't Lord Krishna in His time just tell everyone that He's God so everyone could see God?
What are the purposes of Vishnu's Vyuha avatars?
Are there any avatars of Devi mentioned in Vedas but not in scriptures(e.g. puranas) and vice versa
What are the different paths of liberation which are recommended by the different sects of Hinduism?
What are the canonical texts in Hinduism for morality and ethics?
Why there are no new dieties?
Search old yoga text
Do any scriptures say you're not allowed to read multiple Shakhas of a Veda?
What are the purposes of Devi's five main forms from the Devi Bhagavata Purana?
Do piśācas' (ghosts) exist in temples or in our homes?
Who are the daughters of Lord Shiva? What are their stories?
Sources validating Rāvaṇa’s plan to build a staircase to heaven
How to identify the shannavathi (96) days of an year for tharpanam?
What are different types of sins and good acts and their karmic effects?
To save themselves from the Lākṣāgṛha (house of lac), did Pāṇḍavas kill an innocent niṣāda woman and her five children?
Is the Jallikattu festival connected to Hinduism? If so, what is its significance?
Did Shiva's army molest women during Daksha Yajna?
Why did Rāma kill Śambūka? And is Rāma justified in killing him without a second chance?
What is Vajroli Mudra?
Do people from Karnataka celebrate uttarayan festival?
When and why did Shiva take Arthanārīśvara form?
What is the "param dhama" that Lord Krishna refers to in Bhagavadgita
Why do Indians or Hindus celebrate Dev Deepavali?
What would be the varna of son born out of Ugra father & Kshatriya Woman?
Source of Ramayan and Mahabharath which were written originally
Why casteism is based on birth rather than present Gunas & Karmas?
Is Hinduism fundamentally monotheistic or polytheistic or somewhere in between?
Was Adi Shankaracharya a Shaiva or a Vaishnava? What were his views on Shiva and Vishnu?
Irawati Karve says "Vidura is the biological father of Yudhiṣṭhira". Is she right? Which Upaniṣadic story is she referring to?
Can mantra siddhi once gained be lost due to some reasons?
Srisaila Khandam - Skanda Purana
Do Nastika and Astika have direct translations in English?
Any examples where a Smriti has contradicted a Sruti statement?
Why is it said in Vedanta that you are not the doer of any action?
Concept of atoms and molecules in Hinduism
Do Hindus mourn the death of animals the same way they mourn their deceased relatives?
What scripture talks about Karṇa's third curse by Bhūdevī or Goddess of Earth?
What is the difference in the rituals per varna post upanayanam?
If we had a death in the family ( fathers brother ) can we still conduct prayer ... such as kavady.. etc
Nose piercing in Hinduism
Did Draupadī ridicule Duryodhana calling him 'Blind Son of a Blind Father?'
What is the source of "śāntākāraṃ bhujagaśayanaṃ padmanābhaṃ sureśaṃ" sloka of Lord Vishnu?
Is sanyāsaṃ prohibited in Kaliyuga?
Why do some Hindu sannyāsi names end in 'ānanda' e.g., Vivekānanda, Śivānanda etc?
What should a Hindu son do after the death of his father?
How is being loyal to one's wife same as celibacy?
Difference/Relation between Varna and Jati
Are there prohibitions regarding reading or hearing Garuda Purana and if yes which Scriptures mention them?
Prohibition on King's service?
What are all doctrines or philosophies discussed in Brahma Sutra?
Why should wife take approval from husband before starting a vrata?
Is there a way to know about my past life?
Why did Shiva cry and showed such grief when Sati died as he is a god and a god is free from all the Maya which is created by him?
What's the reason behind Venkateshwara's unusual urdhwapundra?
Why is Sanātana Dharma also sometimes called Ārṣa Dharma?
What is Spiritualism means in Hinduism?
Do any Purva Mimamsa philosophers agree with the Vedanta school's view of Arthavada?
How to worship a Bilva tree
Which Scripture tells the Complete Story of Lord Hanuman?
Why some deeds are experienced in hell and heaven and some in earth?
Following the exact Religious facts
What are the curses given to Ravana?
Is there scholarship on the history of Tarka sastra in North India?
Why reading Bhagvad Gita without Guru can be dangerous?
Manu 2.14 - Any examples of conflicts in Vedic texts? Is Manusmṛti itself a Vedic text?
Is it necessary for a soul to attain enlightenment in order to attain liberation after death?
How can Goddess Lakshmi appear before her creation
What is the relation between Akasha(आकाश) and Kālá(काल) in Advaita Vedanta?
What is Vigyana Bhairava Tantra?
what is significance of symbol U on forehead?
What is the correct source of this verse?
How do I remember "ब्रह्म"(Brahman) while working in office?
If we don't have a guru is it better not to read bhagavat gita or read it?
What are some Stories of Lord Shiva which show tremendous Love of him to his devotees?
Regent Kings/Queens in Hindu Mythology
Is it true that Madhvācārīs used to emboss their bodies with hot iron blocks?
Why Lord Shiva has two scorpions on his ears?
Where do Vedas state Universe being a projection in space-time?
What is significance of Thaipusam Festival?
Performing pooja to God and Goddess on the same day
Why was son of Rishabha famous? Rishabhanatha the first tirthankar
Are yetis for real? Do Himalayan yetis preserve bodies of sadhus who attain samadhi?
What to do if doctor says to eat non veg?
Why should one do his duty?
Which Hindu scriptures use the word Ārya and in what sense?
Who are allowed to put Akshathi on couple performing puja?
Why 8th Anuvaka of Sri Rudram is special and what are benefits of chanting it?
Worshipping lord Shani even when I have good Effects of Lord shani in my life
Why are there religious restrictions on women?
If Lord Ganesha is married then why is he worshipped as a bachelor.....?
Does anyone know about Sage Gritakoushik?
Is Dristhi (Evil Eye) Pottu,Photos and other activities are said in our scriptures?
Who are these yoginis?
What is Niyati?
What's the relationship between Durga and Shakti?
Sankalpam for Switzerland location
Which scriptures describe the chariot of Sun God?
How to pronounce ऋ in Rig Veda
How did Sudama die?
What is the story of Indra attacking Lord Shiva on his neck?
Did Adi Sankara follow untouchability?
What is the theory of creation of the universe as per agama/tantra section of Hinduism
Does Hindu scripture say anything about Third Eye visions?
What kingdom did pandavas have at the first place?
What are couplets called in Sanskrit?
Power of Dhritarashtra(धृतराष्ट्र)
Change in status of Lord Vishnu's wives according to Brahma vaivartha purana
Does Hinduism promotes violence against inter caste marriage
Source of the ₹ 10 million question on Mahābhārata
Panentheism & Hinduism
What is the real concept of brahmacharya?
Can anyone here tell me how a Sanskrit word changes if prefixed with प्र , वि, अ, परि ।
What is the difference beween śodaśākṣari and Pancādaśi mantras?
Punishing a couple to stop intercaste marriage is of which Karma(Good Or Bad)?
Is lust the most powerful among the shada ripus?
How does Vishishtadvaita interpret "One without a second"?
Did Rāma have Kuja doṣa? What about the Pāṇḍavas?
What do hindu scriptures say about life on MARS?
Who are the warriors that possessed Brahmashirastra other than Arjuna and Ashwatthama?
What happens to Lord Shiva's trishul during dissolution of universe?
What are the boons got by Kunti from Karna?
What is the story behind Karna and the Two golden Mountains?
What were the exact reasons of birth of all the Shivansh?
Why is a snake tied around the belly of lord Shri Ganesha
Concentration meditation vs awareness meditation
How should I do Tratak meditation myself safely at home? Does it have any side effects?
If we desire to live without desire will it be a desire?
Reason to take head bath after death rituals
My body was about to explode in sudarshan kriya (सुदर्शन क्रिया)?
How do Hindu kids see with their eyes closed?
Can Sanyasins perform Vedic rituals even after renunciation?
Birthday of Satyabhama
Did Swami Vivekananda speak about his enlightenment?
What is Unmanifest & what is Person? And what's the difference?
Who was it that really saved Draupadī's modesty?
What do scriptures say about animal testing for medical research?
Are there any references about Krishna eating meat?
Do Vedas allow sacrificing innocent animals in the name of GOD?
Why is Sankaracharya accused as Pracchana Bauddha (crypto-buddhist) by many Vedantins?
In Mahabharata does Krishna advise Arjuna to use Shikhandi as a shield against Bhishma?
What is Yajna, how it is different from Tapas?
Did Lord Rama ever claim Godhood or divinity himself?
Were Gaudapada's views closer to Madhyamaka Buddhism?
Is the story of Lord Satyanarayana mentioned in the Puranas?
Why is Durva grass offered to Lord Ganesha?
How could Lakṣmaṇa's mantra to kill Indrajit really work?
Did Shankara reject some doctrines of Atman or Brahman in order to reconcile Atman and Brahman?
Where does Ramayana state Ashwamedha Yajna is intended for worship of Lord Rudra?
Does the Atharvasiras derives this mantra from YajurVeda or quotes from other Veda?
What is Purusha Tattva, Prakriti Tattva & Stri Tattva?
Being in the peace state of mind is a kind of meditation?
Was the time temporarily stopped by Lord Krishna during Geeta upadesham?
Does Sri Rudram Hymn indicate Lord Shiva or It can be attributed to some other God also?
Where is the story of Dhritarashtra removing eyes of swan mentioned?
How to offer Naivedyam to Shriman Narayana
What is Guru parampara of Varkari sect
What Shruti source is SriKanthacharya quoting in this bhasya regarding efficacy of name 'Shiva'?
Why one should not sleep on Shiv-ratri?
whats the importance of Shodasi mantra in Sakteya sect?
What is the significance for a woman of seeing one's hair parting filled with Vibhuti (sacred ash ) during her marriage in her dreams?
According to Viśiṣṭādvaita, how does Ātman relate to Brahman?
Can I write or highlight verses from scriptures?
How do Vedic fire rituals like Yajnas and agnihotra help the environment?
What is the reason behind the differences between Samaveda Āvaṇi Aviṭṭam and other Āvaṇi Aviṭṭam (upAkarma)?
Is it adharma to give Dana without considering what we are giving and to whom we are giving?
How Lord Shiva got name as "PanchaMukhan" and when did he become Five faced?
Killed a dog puppy by accident , feelin uncomfortable please help me
Why is dakshina murthy suppressing the demon Apasmara and what is his story?
What is Soma? Is it a drink or a metaphor for spiritual bliss or both?
What is the meaning of 'Hara'?
Time measurement in Hindu Scriptues
Why Karna didn't give Dana according to scriptures?
Is Shankaracharya wrongly attributed as author to many hymns?
Was advaita scholar Sri Vidyaranya defeated by Sri Akshobhya Tirtha?
Why self realization doesn't imply omniscience?
What is Sankara Vedànta explanation of Sarvam Khalvidam Brahm?
What do Scriptures tells us about Kundalini?
Is it necessary that an enlightened man should possess Siddhis or special powers?
Is Muktika Upanishad genuine?
Did Swami Vivekananda believe in astrology?
On what basis Avataras are classified as Rudra Avatar & Vishnu Avatar?
What are the Yantras associated with Sri Vaishnava Sampradaya?
What do scriptures say about Irāvān (son of Arjuna) who married Mohini avatar?
Which text(s) detail the ethics of how to treat beings lower than Man?
What the Vedas say about marriages?
Why Vigyan Bhairav Tantra have a different story of enlightenment?
Why are there so many similarities between Zoroastrianism and Hinduism?
What is the difference between jeevatma and kaarana sareera
Do scriptures mention about Srimad Madhvacharya being an avatar of Lord Vayu?
Where can I get full (if not possible some selected) Samveda chants
Sanyasin initiation
What is the reason behind Sri Ahobila Mutt having two acharya parampara branches?
What are the different types of Yagya (Yajna) and what are their benefits?
Who are Naman and Murkalan as referred to in Thirumaalai Pasuram?
How did Rishis perform Tapasya (transcendental meditation) so that they heard Shruti/Veda?
Is Vishnu a Vedic deity ? Are there any mantras attributed to him?
Unedited works of Sayana on Veda
What is the significance of circumambulating the sacred fire by bride and groom in marriage?
Why is money offered to God as ₹101, 1001 etc. and not ₹ 100, 1000 etc?
Is it true that a person can only become Vaikhanasa by birth and not by Samskara?
Is there any significance of not having haircuts on Tuesdays and Fullmoon day?
Does Parjanya japa really bring rain?
Niṣedha padārthas (items prohibited from eating)
Will one get liberation, if at the time of death one doesn't remember God though the one has been remembering God throughout his life?
Is there a correspondence between Antahkarana and Chaturvyuha?
Ravan's Head Asymmetric?
Esoteric Hindu Religion?
What are some scientific facts described in Hindu scriptures?
What do scriptures say regarding Immigration & Emigration?
From where or whom did Swami Vivekananda take sanyasa?
Six Classical Schools in Hindu Philosophy
Can Jivatma take the position of Lord Rudra?
Eligiblity of Sāmagāna (सामगान​)
Dvādashānta in which direction from the tip of the nose?
What are the Hindu Code of Conduct (Ethics)?
What do scriptures say about lucid dreaming?
What is the actual reason behind Holi Celebration?
What are the names of conch shell ( shankh ) used by the warriors in Mahabharata?
According to the Vedas, what are the properties of time?
What is Shani's Vakra Drishti?
Reference of any god being brahmin (by caste)
Who is Tripura Sundari?
What does Hinduism say about Mental Disorders? How do we overcome them?
Rules for chanting Oṃ namo bhagavate Vāsudevāya
What are the main differences and similarities between the christian heaven and moksha
Vedas said about only 4 castes based on job. Then how these much castes came
Why did Shiva and Adishakti have to separate to create the universe?
Where are the Sanskrit texts of Upanishads referred by Dara Shikoh?
Are Shabar Mantras really auto-energised?
What to do when a vow has been broken by a person?
Does the Ramacharitamanas Prashnavali concept have any basis in Scriptures?
Is Vedic Vishnu the same as Puranic Vishnu?
If a brahmin has qualities of sudra should he be prohibited from duties of a brahmin?
How to position nandi statue in Hanuman temple?
Was sage Aitareya born out of Shudra woman?
If giving Dana to anyone is adharma then why temples give AnnaDana to anyone?
What Varna did Parashara's mother belong to?
Is it allowed to preserve a body in a temple's premises?
Between Daśaratha-Jātaka and Vālmīki Rāmāyaṇa which is older?
When did Mainda and Dvivida drink Amrita with the permission of Brahma?
Can it be precisely known exactly how much amount of Vedas has been lost?
What is the reason for Dwarka to be destroyed specifically by Flood?
forgiveness after understanding
Pandharpur Mahatmya, Importance of Pandharpur
Was Arjuna's Destiny Predetermined?
Correct pronunciation of Lord Savitr
Does any Scripture say women who are suffering period are untouchable by men or they cant go temple
Is Shanti Parva an interpolation in the Mahabharata?
What is Mantra? What is the criteria by which a word turns into mantra?
Significance of Chaitra Navratri?
Why Lord Krishna saved Arjuna from Vaishnava Astra?
Please help me identify these statues
Is taking revenge not a sin?
Sri Vaishnava Acharyas and BharaSamarpanam
Have there been any responses to Adi Shankaracharya's Purva Mimamsa Sutras interpretation?
Conditions for changing sacred thread?
All 108 Names of Maa Durga?
What does this verse of SB say about Multiverse?
Hevajra & Nairātmyā are Lord Siva & Ma Parvati respectively?
Why is Bhagwan incarnating as Kalki in this(particular) Kaliyuga?
Why is Ramayana known as Sharanagati Grantham?
Geological changes in Hindu Scriptures
What are the capabilities & incapabilities of Kaliyuga people comparing to people of other Yugas
What is significance of purple lotus in hands of Goddess Parvati?
How did Lord Shiva get his Damaru and leather for His Damaru?
Were women cursed with menstruation?
In which worship are these organs mentioned in YajurVeda offered to Lord Shiva?
Lord Shree Rama ruled his kingdom for 11000 years?
What are the spiritual benefits of worshipping God moon?
What are the spiritual benefits of worshipping goddess Gouri?
Looking to learn about Hinduism?
nyAsa on murti during prANa pratishthA
Each cell has a Jeevatma?
Why should not we pluck fragrant flowers for puja in the evening?
Is Shiva Sankalpa Suktam also a Khila Sukta of RigVeda?
Expiation for illicit sex
Question about Sarasvati, mother of Sarvabhauma
Is there specific timing or general rules to follow while lighting diyas?
Why does Hinduism advocate Kanya-Dan over Putra-Dan?
How did the Vedic Rishis chant Gayatri Mantra?
What is mAyA according to Sankara VedAnta? What are its characteristics?
Calculation of tithi
Sources to read about human body described in hinduism
What scriptures describe Vishnu riding a tortoise?
Why Hinduism does not force any rules like other religions?
About Life I have 3 question
Are there any proofs for followed sati pratha in any scripture
What is Dīkṣā (दीक्षा)?
Translation of Vishnu Dharma Purana
Why Shrirama often referred as Raghava after Raghu when before and after Raghu many illustrious kings have emerged?
What is the correct story of Sukha Brahmarishi?
What is the Balatibala Mahamantra which was taught to Rama by Sage Vishwamitra?
Does God love us?
Is Marriage with desire considered to be adharma?
Why did Adi Sankaracharya compare the color of Ishwara's eyes to that of monkey's nates?
What/Who is guru? Can it be a concept/idea/teachings or necessarily be a physical person?
Did big corporate organizations exist in Treta yuga and Dvapara yuga?
Devayana, Pitrayana and Progressive Salvation
What was the true reason behind the practice of Child Marriage?
How many times jeeva gets human birth?
If Bad Karma for Killing a Insect is Very Small then how Bhisma suffered Bed of Arrows for Piercing a Butterfly or a Snake?
What is astrological Devimana Ashtangam followed by the Shaktas?
Destiny vs Efforts
What exactly is meant in Sankara(Advaita) Vedanta when it says that Brahman is Nirguna(attributeless)?
Why cows are given so much importance in Vedas?
How does Advaita explain analogy of two birds on the tree(body)?
Why Maha Shivaratri won't fall on Karthika Masam?
Importance of worshipping Maha Meru or Sri Chakra
Do Sri Vaishnavas believe you should not eat food in the presence of others?
What is the origin of "Gudi Padwa"?
Which scriptures say that the Kings and Kshatriyas are allowed to hunt animals?
Does not performing the Garbhadana samskara result in Sudra progeny?
When Chaitra Navratri mahurat 2017 is starting - 28th or 29th
What was the exact philosophy of Swāmi Vivekānanda?
Does Karma punishment vary according to one's material nature and Ignorance?
What did Vishnu's incarnation Prithu say about being one with the Universe?
Is Goddess Brahmacharini an avatara of Mata Durga?
Was Guru Nanak's son a follower of the Hindu philosopher Nimbarka?
Why people play cards during Ugadhi?
What was the reason for Swami Vivekananda's Death?
Who was Barbarika?
Can a vow be taken back ?
Why self praise is considered equal to suicide?
Why Pregnant Sita sent to forest without any Mercy?
What are the teachings of Sri Jiddu Krishnamurti?
Can present day teachers be considered as Gurus?
Metrical restoration of Gayatri Mantra
Gurus that teach Attainment of Siddhis (super-powers)
What should I do if I already have a small metal Shivalinga?
Why are educational objects classified as being holy?
What herbs found on Earth give magical powers?
Why Yudhishtira is called Ajāta śatru (अजात शत्रु)?
Why do sanyasa scriptures degrade women?
Who is the 9th Shiva?
Why should we not face our backs towards god?
What was the reason behind carving Lord Ram's name on the boulders of Ram Setu Bridge?
What happened to Amaravati the city of devas?
Is God darkness or light?
Why didn't Lord Rama and Lord Krishna stop untouchability?
Who was Koushika (of Koushika gotra)?
What happens to the soul that attains Moksha during the pralaya?
Deadlock in Sankara's views?
Are there any mantra or mantras in Veda Samhitas that confirm that Vedas are apaurusheya?
Can married women do abishekam on shivalingam at home?
What magical powers are obtained from the Amalaka plant?
Nama Japa & the 12 Bhavas of astrology
What technique they used earlier to make idols stand for centuries
Is Kashyapa gotra same as Koushika gotra?
What scriptures describe scorpions born from cow dung?
Can imported flowers be used to decorate God?
Can the "supreme authority" of Veda be proved from Veda itself?
Why no one can climb Mount Kailash?
Is it necessary to worship of idols (ie. Lord Shiva's or Hanuman"s Idol) ? Can one worship of The God without idols?
How does the Ramanandi sect originate from the Sri Vaishnava Parampara?
regarding performing marriage of son within one year if death of father in law
Any references where varna/caste is determined independent of birth/parentage?
Is there any erroneous belief to worship of Shiva Linga?
What is meaning associated with the name Dasharatha?
I am devoted to God, but doubts keep on coming in my mind about existence of God. Please save me. I want real devotion.
Questions about the image of goddess Chhinnamasta?
How will God punish a person who deserts his wife?
Are the planets of our solar system ( like Brihaspati, Shukra, Chandra etc) Devas or the abodes of the respective Devas?
Is astrology even true? If it is true, then how these Grahas called Devata become dumb bodies of Moon, Star Sun, Mars etc
In which chapter of Brahmanda purana is Shri Lalita Sahasranama present?
Which scripture is the source of the verse "janmana jayate shudrah.. " (everyone is born a shudra)?
Karma Yoga in Workplace
What does it mean to see dead relatives in dreams
What happens if non-Dalit touches a Dalit?
Are the Sri Yantras that are devoid of color fillings defective?
Who are the Rashmi gods worshiped before a Yagna?
Online Garuda purana
Does Hinduism offer solution for each and every problem of human life?
How many mutts did Adi shankaracharya establish in his lifetime?
Are Hindus descendants of Surya and Chandra Vamshis?
Who are the Sri Vidya Gurus mentioned by Bhaskararaya?
When actually lord brahma shares the knowledge of vedas?
Why should i believe in vedas? Any scientific proof for the same?
Clarification about Ikshvaku lineage
Why Miracles do not occur in Kali Yuga?
Can ladies take head bath after dark?
Why is Gangotri so far from mount Kailash?
What scriptures describe worms born from honey?
Do Varnas have subcategories?
What is markathe? And why does King Vali calls Hanuman a markathe?
How to do Prana Prathishta of Maa Kali Idol?
What do the Snake Idols in Binded form Indicate?
How is Lord Shiva revealed in the Rig Veda?
Coming to marriages, Is it inter-caste or inter-varna not encouragable?
Where do the Vedas support democracy?
What's the meaning of these verses of 'The Horse' hymn in RigVeda?
Looking for some scriptural verses which say that Lord Ganesha is tarpanapriya (fond of tarpana)
What are 'Adi Granth' in Hinduism ? Is it a properly-defined technical term?
Why animals other than Goat, Chicken and pigs are not given as animal sacrfice?
How did the death of Karna happen?
Why did Shri Rama worship Shiva in Ramayana eventhough He is god?
Connection of Nammalwar's work with Sanskrit Vedas
Why is Sundara Kanda more glorified than other Kandas of Ramayana?
Believing our family ancestors
What scriptures describe the wearing of the Mangala Sutra?
Do the Vedas support the concept of a maiden choosing a husband for herself?
What scriptures describe medicines to remove wrinkles and grey hair?
Why Divine Mother's (Kali) tongue is out of mouth?
How many types of Vedas there ? And these are related to?
Since when Sai got added to Hindu Dharma
Who agrees with Kumarila Bhatta that the Chandogya Upanishad refers to magical powers?
Why hinduism did not get propagated to entire world?
Why there is a difference in rules and regulations of sanyasins?
Kalki -- Birth or Destruction
What is the significance of Marriage as per Sanatana dharma?
What is the reason behind hanuman's brahmacharya?
Reasons of enmity between planets?
What scriptures describe using Red Arsenic for invisibility?
What kind of scripture is Vyasa's BrahmaSutras technically?
What are the "Daśa bhāskara kṣetrās"?
Which mantra or shloka to be chanted while taking a bath?
Where do Vedas state that Destiny is the nature of Time?
Watering tulsi plant on sunday is not allowed?
When did Krishna and Arjuna meet for the first time?
Do PanchaMahaBhutas(five elements) get contaminated?
What is Definition of 'Dharma'
What is thirumuruga thirumangalya yagam?
Why are we named 12 days after birth?
Hindu astrology and the timing of birth
Are revenge and punishment allowed in hinduism?
Is 'Why is there suffering?' a valid question according to Advaita philosophy?
Why does the Todala Tantra describe worshiping Nilakantha as sinful?
Sri bhagavad ayya says "There is nothing to be done"
What is the Kanya region of Bharatavarsha, identified as the only residence of the four castes?
How does Viśiṣṭādvaita incorporate formless Brahman?
What is the scriptural definition of "Nitya Karma" for a non-initiate?
What scriptures describe the phenomenon of Fire Eclipses?
What is the exact definition of marriage in Hinduism?
How Lord venkateshwara and Shiva are different?
Who or What was Swami Vivekananda in his previous births? Why was he silent about his past lives?
How to reverse death?
How Vedas treat mathematics?
Is it possible, by any means, for a brahmin to perform nitya karmas or any rituals with sikha untied?
Can the bad effects of not performing Shradhha Paksha be avoided through Hari Nama?
What is Sri Vidya?
Death has a Theory?
Color of Krishna's Garud-dhwaj flag?
How is Tirumantiram 1st verse by Tirumular 'One Is Many' interpreted?
In Hindu culture, is it mandatory to bathe everyday?
How many types of Vaishnava Charama Shloka(s) exist?
Where is it mentioned about story and reason for women periods (menstruation) in our religious texts?
Were pandavas and kauravas reborn after their death?
Mythology geographic location of Indraloka.. Ravana and Mandodari nativity
What Shaivite sects are classified as the ingroup of Shaiva Siddhanta?
Why are Budha and Shukra friends?
What's the response to the Cārvāka thought on animal sacrifice in a yajña?
Relations with Cows?
Which scriptures describe Vināyaka as son of Nandi?
Were there any temples in Satya yuga?
What school of philosophy believes in an infinite number of Tattvas?
Is there a difference between Vedic Dharma and Hindu Dharma or Sanatan Dharma?
What is the significance of touching someones forehead
Who composed the Mahishasura Mardini stotram?
Does chanting Mahishasura Mardini stotram bestow occult powers?
What are differences between Dnyaneshwari and other Bhagavad Gita commentaries?
Who was Kohlaasura? How did Mother Lakshmi kill him?
Who is the current moon god, Soma son of Atri or Tvisiman son of Dharma?
Why Mahabharata battle is also called as Dharma Yuddha
In Hinduism, is it commanded to change clothes everyday?
Is Lord Bhairava same as Lord Shiva, or are they a little different? Is Bhairava a part incarnation or complete Shiva?
How to become materialistic from spiritual?
Bhagavad Gita was first recited to whom?
What scriptures describe night being caused by mount Meru?
Does Hinduism allow Guru-Shishya Marriage?
Are there explicit statements in the scriptures about the purpose of human life?
Who freed Rambha from Vishwamitra's curse?
Do grave sinners attain moksha if they remember Lord Vishnu?
Who is the swan avatar of Vishnu who taught the Vedas to Bramha?
Who are these goddesses?
What scriptures other than Dharma Sindhu say sins are stored in hair?
Liberation according to dual (Dvait) or semi dual (Vishishta Advait) schools is temporary?
Are there siddhas/yogis living today in Bharata ? Have any of you met one?
What is chitta ? How can we purify it to make our life and afterlife peaceful?
What is the reason behind Lord Rama's disappearance?
Which verse of Padma purana and Narasimha purana claims Chaitanya Mahaprabhu is Krishna/Vishnu Himself?
What is the significance of jyotirlinga?
What scriptures describe Vishwamitra and Vasishtha carrying the Earth?
Who are the beings above Para Shiva recognized by Tirumular?
Does Lord Shiva grant wishes?
Reference Books for Hindu/Indian Mythology, Culture & Philosophy?
Sources describing rituals for collecting herbs
"Akasam Lingamityahu..." which Purana is the source of this verse?
What are the symbolisms behind Lord Shiva speaking tantras and agamas to Devi?
Modern day dharma - parents vs wife?
Did Rama really call Buddha as a thief?
What is Shaktipata?
During what Yugas did Hiranyakashipu, Mahabali, and Ravana rule?
Why was Mother Saraswati so unfair with KumbhaKarna?
Is Kalki avatar a killer of Buddhist?
Origin of the ThiruNaamam(Exalted Name) of Lord Narayana as Achyuta
Why the name Bṛhadratha mentioned in Rig Veda 1.36.18? Does Bṛhadratha here mean legendary Bṛhadratha dynasty of Magadha?
Do the eight immortals (Including Lord Hanuman) still exist in Kaliyuga?
Sri Hayavadana Kavacham (alternately, Sri Hayagreeva Kavacham)
Where does Maharishi Bodhayana hails Sri Rudram 1.6 mantra as Kavacham (Armour)?
Who are the Vajin gods?
Is being a bystander considered as being a sin?
What does Hindu scripture say about the need for clothing?
What is the oldest hindu temple?
Why Shiva created the universe for Kshetrajñahah?
One's wife's or death of beloved ones can be the result of sins committed by ancestors?
Why does Hinduism not encourage converting people of other religion?
Which Hindu scripture contains the story of a desperate man hanging from a tree branch?
What is the story of Narasimha being born in the ocean?
Is nature a deity in Hinduism?
If ShriKrishna knew Karna and Arjuna are brothers, why did not he stop their fight?
Karma & Rebirth: If you're too attached to your pet and are reborn as that pet, what happens to your karma?
According to one thought "If you can't explain anything simply that means you don't understand it"
If Narayana is father of Kaama, then why should we disregard lust, sex, et cetera?
Does Adi Shankaracharya believe the existence of the soul requires scripture to establish?
Where are the main differences between ISKCON and Jiva Institute?
What arguments does Shabara's Mimamsa Sutra Bhashya take from the Brahma Sutras?
What scriptures describe Durvasa having three sons who promulgated Agamas?
Is that ethically correct if non-vegetarian to Tattoo god's pray or image on forearm
Do pashupata-shaivists have mathas?
Who are the "Pauranikas" who believed in 30 Tattvas and 8 Pramanas?
Who are all the Gurus of Abhinavagupta and what Paramparas did they come from?
Does Karma of our previous lives determine the lifetime of our present birth?
What is meant by varjyam? What are the consequences of born in it?
Basis of dividing Vedas
Is Lord Parashurama affected by Anger Rasa?
Why isn't Lord Venkateswara included in avatars of Lord Vishnu?
Do conjoined twins have same soul?
What is the symbolism of the two pools of water in this picture
How did Kripacharya become "Chiranjivi"?
Is there any relationship between Sat, Chit, Ananda, and the Three gunas Sattva, Rajas and Tamas?
According to Bhagvad Gita, Lord Krishna is the ultimate God. So why are there other beliefs in Hinduism?
Was Valmiki a Shudra by birth?
Forests mentioned in Hindu mythology
Who thinks the supreme Shiva's only forms are Nataraja, Dakshinamurthi, and Ardhanarishvara?
Who was the wife of Ghatotkacha
According to scriptures, from when is the foetus/embryo considered to be alive?
Examples of Varna migration in Hindu mythology?
Is it okay to Ignore Jananashucha from distant relative(but sapinda)
Is Karna described as a weak warrior in Hindu scripture?
Which Shaiva Agamas does Appayya Dikshitar consider anti-Vedic?
Mystery of Ancient Hindu Temples?
When does all water become impure as a result of sharing Indra's guilt of brahminicide?
Is killing infidels allowed in Hindu Scriptures?
Why Shudras are not allowed to have wealth?
Is Raavana a rakshasa or a brahmin and how he can be a king too?
Which scriptures describe Dadhichi hiding Kshatriya children from Parashurama?
Who is Sarasvati's daughter Kotara?
How to live our life?
Origin of Srisailam Hills
Is there any difference between religious books and religious tv serials?
Is Lord Shani Harmful ? OR a Friend?
Why are Hindu marriages done “Agni Sakshi” (fire as witness)
What surviving works of the Rudra Sampradayam are there before Vallabhacharya?
Yadava race destruction?
Why don't husbands change their dress code after wife's death like the women who wear white saree after husband's death?
Gulika and Mandi
What is offered during Arati and what they represent?
Should one always abide by his parents' will or can he go against it only if he is right?
Why suthak applies for different number of days in different casts?
Mentions of River Iravati(ऐरावती) which is from Myanmar(Burma)?
Vidya without a Physical Guru?
What happened to Kripa after Mahabharata War?
Why does Uma Samhita, Chapter 24 of Shiva Purana insult Women?
Kailāshpati Mahādeva is not the destroyer (one among Trinity)?
What is the difference between Mahadeva, Shiva, Shankar and Rudra?
Writing down the Vedas
SriVaishnava - propitiation rituals for the Pitrs - redemption for breaks
Gargeya Gotra / Gargi Gotra
What is the difference between Indra loka, Deva loka and Vaikuntha?
Does god know our thoughts? and is it a sin to have lustful thoughts?
Why are nava grahas in a temple placed such?
How are the Jyothirlingas formed in 12 places of India?
Does Atharva Veda 6.8.3 talk about Sun revolving around Earth?
What is the importance of Dhwajasthamba in any of the temples that we go?
What was the "Purpose" behind Shiva's banishing Brahma's worship?
Is flower falling from photo towards left side a bad omen?
Thirumangai alwar
Significant devotion of Gunaseela Maharishi
Are Mantras really Locked?
What parts of Utpaladeva's Ishwara Pratyabhijna Vivriti are available in English?
about caste system
Who is Krishna? Is it Draupadi or an avatar of Vishnu?
regarding some questions on souls
What type of thoughts are negative?and can these negative thoughts control our mind?
What does Hindu scripture say about World Turtle/World Elephant theory?
Who is the greatest personality for an individual?
Is everyone a Hindu?
Why pain and suffering?
Can I use Yoga for personal gain only?
Does Hinduism encourage incest?
How can Kubera give loan to Supreme God Vishnu/Venkateshwara?
Application of teachings of Mahabharata
Hindu scriptures say Sun moves in a Chariot pulled by horses. What does this mean?
Why Lord venkateshwara has a white spot on the chin?
Who agrees with Adi Shankaracharya on Smriti having no authority over the existence of objects?
Why in Hinduism, God is only for high caste?
Is Malayappa Swamy Vigraha Swambhu/Self Manifested
Are Hindu scriptures (itihasas) written from the winners' perspective?
Is there any advantage for a person dying as virgin?
I am seeing Lord Narayana in everything. What does this mean?
Can we wear Banalinga as pendant around our neck?
What is the chronological order of appearance of Jyotirlingas?
What is the difference between Prana and Akasha?
What is the difference between Meditation and Penance?
Is there a concept of parallel universes in Hinduism?
What does Hinduism say about blood donation?
What scriptures describe peacocks producing children through tears?
What are various ways, as per Scriptures, by which we lose our Punya:Good Merits?
Regarding some questions on Mahavatar Babaji
The Lord is tri-yuga?
Who started the practice of Sadagopam?
What Mantra should be chanted while wearing Five-faced Rudraksha?
What are the words of the Brahmasambandha Mantra of Pushti Marga?
How can a Chandala purify himself?
Why does Adi Shankaracharya say magical powers can only be obtained through the Vedas?
regarding some questions on upanayana
Why some Hindu Scriptures are against women?
What does "Baba" (बाबा) in the "Baba Nam Kevalam" mantra mean?
What is the context of an important Sutra from Sankarsha Kanda manuscripts?
Is Sachi(Indrani), Radha, the consort of Krishna?
Why Garuda Purana and Brihadaranyaka Upanishad ask to beat women?
Attaining the Post of Brahma
Did Chaitanya Mahaprabhu indeed say Mahavishnu was an incarnation of Krishna?
In the end of kaliyuga , Will people live only for 20 years and eat only non veg?
Will Lord Surya Die?
Who is the first man or woman born in this yuga or in any other yuga?
Can someone kill Rama or Ravaan or Krishna?
What is the alternate way to eliminate our Bad Karmas equal in doing Penance?
Do Heaven or Hell have Technologies​ like we have on Earth?
how will Kalki destroy all the bad people at the end of Kali Yuga
Secret behind great personalities' birth stories from Ramayana and Mahabharata? Are there any signs of them in Kaliyuga?
is there any mention of gem stones in puranas?
Which of the Yadavas survived the destruction of Yadavas at Prabhas?
What does Lord Shiva mean by saying that in Shaiva traditions Gurus are three?
Does hinduism also suggest shedding of karma and renunciation?
Authentication of Mahabharata character names
Can Sri Vidya Upasana be performed with multiple Gods/Godesses?
Embryology in the srimad bhagavatam?
Was Vishnu's Vyuha form Sankarshana a commentator on the Devata Kanda Sutras?
What are the shodashAdhAras the first six of which are the shatchakras?
Which scriptures describe swayambhu linga lakshanas (signs) and what are those?
Why Srimad Bhagavatam Canto 9 Chapter 14 insults women too much?
Is Avatar of Mohini a sign of support for homosexuality?
Can ghosts kill human according to hindu beliefs?
Why does Narayana take incarnation if He says- I dislike taking Avataara?
What is the meaning of Bhagavan as per Shiva Purana?
Is scolding or insulting someone a sin?
Is putting images of God in marriage invitation acceptable?
What is the meaning of the word VISHWA (world) in Hinduism
What is the meaning of Atharva Veda 6.77.1, 6.44.1, 13.1.6, 6.88.1?
Any verse in the Chaitanya Charitamrita where Chaitanya Mahaprabhu says that Srimad Bhagavatam is the greatest of all puranas?
What does Sri Caitanya Carita 2.15-16 mean?
What does it mean by sinful thoughts? What kind of thoughts are involved?
What is the last reference to 'Sanjay' - Dhritarashtra's narrator in Mahabharata?
Is there a Hindu Scripture that prescribes monogamy?
Do Vallabhacharya's followers believe he was originally a Gaudiya Vaishnava?
How did Advaitins Defend Attributeless brahman from Ramanuja's arguments?
Stories in Hindu scripture on drinking human blood
What is Nyaya Philosophy?
What is the Story behind Jambudweep?
Does Hindu morality come from scripture or is it the other way round?
How could Bharata and Shatrughna be incarnations of inanimate objects?
What is Lord Hanuman's weapon of choice from scriptures?
Why is Yajurveda classified as Krishna and Shukla?
What is the story of Kapila son of Prahlada?
Can anyone provide me all the verses of Buddha and their translations in the puranas?
Do the Charaka Samhita and the Sushruta Samhita forbid the consumption of any food?
Vishnu seducing Jalandhar's wife Vrinda: an act of injustice? Why?
Did Lord Vishnu have 3 wives?
How do non-vedanta darshanas deal with shruti statements about Brahman?
Kshatriyas and alcohol consumption
Do I commit a sin of greater degree when I kill a holy creature (say cow) instead of any other creature?
Who is Lord Shiva in religion that grew out of Hinduism?
Are there any Indian travellers who visited abroad for learning other cultures, faiths?
Is Laxman an avatar of Sheshnag?
If Human birth is so Auspicious and Rare, why does God let some people be born as - Lunatic, Autistic, Schizophrenic et cetera?
How can Ashwatthama be an incarnation of Lord Shiva?
If a Brahmin doesn't perform duties as per his varna, is he still called as brahmin?
Atimaharathi class of warrior: Was Parshurama one of the Atimaharathi?
How did sanatkumars reach Lord Vishnu's abode?
Which Acharyas believe in the two-Kapilas theory and which don't?
Was Bhagavad Gita a later interpolation?
Fourth Brâhmana - what is the Sanskrit word for "seized"?
Meaning of the " tri " in trishulam - Is it english or sanskrit?
Is the word "Gandharva" related to the conception of an embryo?
Why does Lord Jagannath suffer from fever?
Why do people shout "Govinda Govinda" during death rites whereas burial ground consists of lord shiva paintings?
What is the story of Prahlada being held hostage by the gods?
Is Kama good or bad for life
What is meant by "the world of the Manes"?
What are the three Shivalingas ( Itara, Bana and Swayambhu) mentioned in some Agama texts?
Is Lord Shiva clearly noted as Prathama Purusha in any Veda?
Can anyone suggest mantras for worshiping Mata Sita and Sri Radha Rani?
Ravana Brahmana or Asura?
What are the differences in the Brahma Vaivarta Purana and the Brahma Kaivarta Purana?
Is Atma the same as the body?
Does the Devi Bhagavatam say that Lakshmi and Saraswati are daughters of Parvati?
Description of Tripura (Three cities) which were destroyed by Shiva from puranas?
Where is the exact location of Patala-Loka?
How to increase one's ojas capacity ?
How someone can get any siddhi from Lord Hanuman?
Is there any no need of worshipping/ believing God for material benefits? & For liberation, is recommended but optional?
Is it written anywhere in Ramayana that Ravana failed to defeat Nivatakavacha and Kalakeyas?
What are the Twelve Hymns beginning with 'Aashu' whose Lord is Indra?
What was Chaitanya Mahaprabhu's opinion on Madhvacharya?
Advantage of Sankasta hara chaturthi
Does Geeta have gender and caste discrimination verses?
Why do Iyengar brides sit in father's lap during the wedding ceremony?
Are there any verses which pray for the birth of daughter in Vedas?
Book recommendation for Ashtavakra Gita with original shlokas
Which scriptures state Vishnu teaching principles of Vaishnavism to his four disciples?
Book recommendation for Mahabharata in Hindi
Who can be considered the better archer between Lord Rama and Arjuna?
What happens to the soul if a womb is aborted?
How is tantric sex, meat eating and alcohol consumption justified?
Why do some Hindu scriptures say sonless women must be abandoned?
Are there any handshake restrictions for Hindus?
What is Hinduism's view on gender-equality and feminism?
Why is this line " Worshipping thy lotus feet " present in all puranas?
How is the gotra determined
Do any scriptures say that Varna is determined by Rashi?
Was Chatur-ashram applicable for all the different castes?
Did Vishnuswami write a commentary on the Brahma Sutras?
What is the difference between Dakṣiṇācāra and Vamachara Tantrism?
What is the difference between Bhakti Yoga & Sharanagati?
Why did Ramakrishna Paramahamsa eat fish if he was Vishnu avatara?
Eligibility and Procedure for Saranagati
Does Govardhana Mutt accept the authenticity of Bharati Krishna Tirthaji's "Vedic Mathematics"?
How to perform the Candrayana Vrata?
Did Lord Rama break His promise to his mother Kausalya and if so why?
Do scriptures describe the effects of Brahmastra?
Why Devi Bhagavata Purana, being a Purana for feminine deity, insults women?
What happens between the transition of yugas?
Discrepancy in the timeline of compilation of the Srimad Bhagavatam and the Mahabharata
Why did Gandhari, a re-incarnation of Mati and a model wife, have to suffer so much?
How many Vedic hymns are attributed to Soma?
Where can I get the complete English translations of the Upapuranas?
Can you ever get trapped in samsara again after Moksha because of Karma?
How did King Kakudmi reach Brahma Loka with his daughter Revathi?
Avataravaada and vedanta, are there any contradiction?
What references are there to Vamana's ancient Tika on the Brahma Sutras?
What are the Vedas technically? How can Upanishads be called Vedas when some parts are neither revelations nor hymns dedicated to any specific deity?
Which Vishisthadvaita acharyas belonged to shakha of Shukla Yajurveda?
Are shudras allowed to take up sanyasa?
Who is commentator Pishacha on Brahma Sutras?
What did Lord Ram tried to Teach?
How Dronacharya (Royal Guru) died in Kurukshetra?
English / Indian references to temple Vimanas in relation to Flight
Why Manusmriti and Mahabharata say women are living lies?
Artificial intelligence in Hindu texts
Why Lord Ram is called Maryada Purshottam and Lord Krishna Purna Purshottam?
Similarities between Hindu and Greek Mythology
What scriptures describe Lokas and who goes to them after death?
Can electric cremation be considered as a valid substitute for the funeral pyre?
How Maharshi Vyasa knew all the story of Mahabharata?
What are some mantras which are dedicated to Lord Indra?
Pouring Water on Lord ganesha in the dream
Which Vedic verses describe Indra as Brahman?
Is it ok if I misspell the mantras as I am a beginner?
What form of Vishnu held Mandara at the top during the Churning of the Ocean?
What is the meaning of Vishnu maya in Tantrokta Devi Suktam?
Why one shouldn't read or watch 'Mahabharata' in the form of book or teleserial?
How many Lord Indra temples are there in India?
Was Kho Kho played during the times of Ramayana and Mahabharata?
Is there temple worship in the Vedas?
Is there any online Anukramanika (Index of Sages and deities) for Krishna Yajurveda?
Who was Srividya upasaka Sri Bhuvanananda Natha?
Do the Vedas themselves talk about the jnAna and karma kAnda?
What actually is the Daru Brahma In the idol of Lord Jagannath?
Doing "evil" or "good" after being self-realized wont affect such an "individual" because he is not bound to the illusion of the material, yes or no?
Did Lord Hanuman have any siblings?
Lost Sri Vaishanva Literature/Works
What are the duties of 6 sagun swarup of Narayan and 4 Nirgun Swarup
Who is Bhuma Purush?
Is it a sin to keep dust pan and broomstick together?
Did ancient Yogis float in the air and what is the method to do it?
Were the warriors who were killed in the Mahabharata war revived for one night?
Are sinful activities performed in dreams considered as sins?
How to identify saint/sage?
Interesting Question about Karma
Is it true that relatives or friends visit our home if crow make sound [caw]
Duty of a Shudra
What is story of Ati Varadar Swamy?
Sthala Purana of Varadaraja Perumal Kanchipuram
Which purana(s) mention story of GarudaAlwar carrying Tiruman mountain from Vaikuntha
What is Purva Mimansa Arthavada
Is Muhurtham not necessary in hinduism?
Does anyone know about Hera Panchami?
Ancient reference to Shankaracharya by name
Can we perform amavasya(new-moon day) tharpanam during the second day of amavasya?
Why Prince Ram did not head North when banished.?
Are Upanishad's really parts of the Vedas?
Why Kauravas had to deploy all their star warriors for Virata war and Virata war confusion?
Are the Vedas timeless?
Do any scripture tell us of Lord Vishnu giving boon to asuras?
From which scripture does Adi Shankara quote about Maheswara shaping name and forms of all beings from the words of Veda?
What are the after-effects of insulting gods/goddesses?
Lord Jagannath Rath Yatra 2017 all rituals with Date
Significance of chariots of Jagannath Rath Yatra?
Which activities are forbidden in Hinduism for women compared to men?
Hinduism and Buddhism
What are the impure substances from which prohibited food grows
Looking for scriptural source that introduce Brahmanas
Contradictions between Shiva Purana and Linga Purana
If child is not born even after several years of trying in marriage....is there anyway to escape from punnama hell?
Which Pancharatra text has controversial statements on Vedas?
Is stay in any of the narakas eternal?
Story of 2nd Mahabharata in Kali Yuga which was won by Evil forces?
What color clothes to use on altar for placing idol in Satyanarayana puja at home?
Which philosophy is the most popular in Hinduism?
What is the criteria for being a dvija? Is anyone who has undergone upanayana a dvija?
Fasting time with one time meal
What are the varnas (castes) of Lord Hanuman and Jambavan?
How to live a life according to our scripture?
Did Satyavati and Shantanu belong to same caste?
What is scriptural source of the verse whose translation is " Your head can be given, ..but the Shodashi Vidya of the Devi can not be given"?
Is the mirrored image Swastika forbidden or inauspicious?
Is the objective of vedas spiritual prosperity or material prosperity?
What is the reason behind ShaligrAma worship?
Things that we need to take care on Lord Hanuman's fast
Why Satyanarayan Puja is preferred for griha pravesh (house warming ceremony)?
Bipodtarini puja rituals
Do the Vedas order killing of the "sinner" who kills a cow?
How did Arjuna die in Mahabharata?
What is correct interpretation of Bhagavad gita 9:32?
I am looking for an accurate pictorial description of the so called Gokarna Mudra
What is the Story behind Niradri Bije?
Where did the Brahmastra, which Bhagwan Rama launched to dry up the sea, eventually fall?
Was Sage Vishvamitra self -realized when he fell for Menaka's beauty?
How many husbands are permitted to a woman (polyandry) in ancient history?
If Shiva Linga is worshiped in all yugas then what curse did Rishi Bhrigu give to Lord Shiva?
Why did Lord Krishna settle at Dwaraka?
What all should we do (which we are not doing) according to shastras?
Is software engineering a sudra's job?
Who is Adi Parashakthi? Is this the creator of the Trimurtis?
What is the objective of Shraddha for the departed?
Who was at Fault for Draupadi Vastraharan – Duryodhan Or Yudhishthir?
Do Vedas contain scientifically inaccurate verses?
What scripture contains the verse "Rupashabdavibhagacha"?
Why people worship shiv-ling?
How much effect do Jyotisha and the planets have in human life?
What was Muchukunda's next birth?
Is the placement of Jupiter (Guru) in the sixth house good or bad?
What is the actual meaning of " Karanguli nakhotpanna narayana dashakrutih" of Lalita Sahasranama?
Can a younger sibling marry before elder sibling in Hinduism?
What is the importance of 1st chapter in Bhagavad Gita?
Why did Arjuna not have any issues fighting with the Kurus in VirAta battle?
Is relationship between father and son eternal?
Which Hindu scripture talks about weapons and mythical objects? Please guide me with links to apt books
What is the difference between worshiping an idol or image and worshiping God?
Was Lord Muruga Guru to Lord Shiva and taught him the complete explanation of OM?
In which of his books did Bhaskara Raya say "kaulaat parataram nahi"?
Why they choose mentally disabled person to disguise as Kala Bhairava?
Is there any ancient story in which individuals are born in the opposite sex in the rebirth?
Which shloka explains this statement related to Shiva
Is mukthi possible from world's other than bhuloka(ie. From swarga and naraka)
Did Shabaraswami invent the Mimamsa theory of multiple omnipresent souls?
How has the Vedanta school refuted Mimamsa arguments for multiple omnipresent souls?
God will never give you a cross that you cannot carry
Temple rules and regulations
Who is Bagalamukhi?
Using Tamasic vegetables(Onion, Garlic mainly of significance here) in temples
What are all Rituals and Benefits of DEVSHAYANI EKADASHI?
Where can i get original versions of the Devi Bhagavata and Markandeya Puranas?
Components of Mind According to Hindu Scriptures?
iikArAnthaH shabda declension of nalinI
Do all Shaiva Siddhantins reject Vamachara practices as sinful?
Do any of Vaikhanasa text associate itself with Vedanta philosophy?
What is the actual definition of Vedanta?
According to Hinduism who is right about free will (Vivekananda or Chanakya)?
In the Vedas, does the word 'manuṣya' ever have a special meaning?
What is the difference between Narayana and Brahman?
What is punnama naraka? How souls will be liberated from that naraka?
Do we take Birth with Physical Body in Hell/Heaven?
Where are the cities of the of the gods?
Was Shukracharya a Brahmarishi?
What scripture does the Kamokarshit Mantra come from?
What does it mean by Not accepting Murti puja? And how to do it
Is moksha related to immortality?
How do the Vedas describe Moksha?
What is the need of temple in Hinduism?
What does hinduism say about oneness of god?
According to hindu religon who is the ultimate creator?
Why Lord Krishna didn't change the Rule when delivering justice to the 16000 princess but married them Himself?
When is Avani Avittam (Upakarma) this year?
Has lord Rama ever been defeated in battle?
What do theistic hindus think of charvaka philosophy and why?
Where does the Linga purana mention Lord Krishna giving veena to Narada muni?
Examples of human sacrifice in Hindu scripture
Which scripture says that Varaha was father of Narakasura
Is it true that many of the jaina tirthankaras were born in the lineage of lord rama
What are the four forms of Vishnu mentioned by Krishna in the Drona Parva?
Is the Varna told by Krishna is same as astrological Varna?
What are some famous military formations and strategies used in Mahabharata war at Kurukshetra?
Why is Sita worshiped well but not Draupadi?
What is/are the punishment(s) for corruption?
Exact relation between lord shiva and goddess Kali?
What is the source of the Panchakanya sloka?
Who is the daughter of Atri?
Why did Shiva cut off an elephant's head in violation of Ahimsa?
When and how to tie the shikha शिखा and scripture recommendations regarding it?
What are the beeja mantras and what is their significance in meditation?
Origin of Humans in Hinduism
Why did Ramanuja try to impose PAncharAtra mode of worship in all Vaishnava temples?
Why did Brahma create Universe?
Are parents also maya?
You are not the mind nor the body you are the ALL, but at the same time to be the all you have to be the mind and body, this is a paradox?
Why choose doing "good" when there is no ultimate good or evil?
Why was kidnapping such a prevalent custom of marrying women in ancient aryavarta?
Who actually were demons (Rakshash) and Danav mentioned in Ramayana, Mahabharata and other purans?
What is the difference between Eswaran and Sivaperuman?
Where can I get authentic translation of all four Vedas?
Durga Devi dream - meaning for woman?
What is the relation between Niti , Nyaya and Dharma?
Vivekananda said Brahmins ate beef, is this correct?
Why does Canto 4, Chapter 2 of Bhagavata Purana insult Shiva devotees?
Who gave veena to Narada muni?
Shaving the head of a baby outside of India
What are some of major Shiva temples in Karnataka?
Where do Vaishnava Scriptures declare Shiva as supreme god?
Is creation cosmic injustice?
Is Boon for Moksha grantable?
What happens to the devoted wife if her husband gets enlightenment?
Was Karna's soul possessed by Narakasura?
What is Kumarila Bhatta's view of the relation between Jivatma and Paramatma?
Which scripture contains the story of Mahidasa Aitareya?
Mythology war fought without any weapons?
Invisible places mentioned in stories?
Does Hinduism believe divorce and remarriage is moral?
Why did Karna fight under Drona when he too had labelled him as "half a Ratha"?
How was Vidura born, was it due to any curse?
Is Hanuman the first writer of Ramayana?
How to do meditation if I've got negative thoughts?
Is there any mention of law of motions in Hindu scriptures?
What are the three Arrows of Barbarika and how he got them?
Correct translation of Prati Sarga: Part III, 3.3.5-27 of Bhavishya Purana
English Translations of Hayagreeva Stotrams by Sri Vadiraja Teertha
After a meditator or yogi enters into samadhi state what should he concentrate at?
What is the significance or benefit of chanting Maha Mrityunjay Mantra?
What is the significance of long maalaa (garland) worn by Krishna Chaitanya?
Who was Sri Vidya guru Pujyasri Bhaskara Raya?
How come there are nearly 6 billion people but only few attain perfection(self realization)?
Did sage Narada call sage Durvasa a Donkey?
Incarnations of Vishnu after Kalki
How long have humans been on Earth?
About different ramayna by different authers and different thinking
Why most of places Lord Shiva visited during Earth tour belongs to places in Nepal and India?
Are there mantras that should be chanted by me for curing a person (not me)?
What was the real story of Bhima's oath about drinking DushAsana's blood? Are there other such instances in mythology?
How was Srirangam Ranganathaswamy temple wall constructed?
Why humans commit sins when you are around us Uddhava to Lord Krishna
Does Lord Narayana take incarnation to change era?
How to learn Sanskrit from scratch?
What is the Agni Savitra Vidya that Indra taught to sage Bharadvaja?
Alternative day for Upakarma when one misses it
What is the story of Durvasa having Payasa in Krishna's house?
Tamil dynasties in Ithihasa
Why does Gaudapada say the Uttarakurus cannot be proven by perception or inference?
What are the Panch Maha Paap?
What are the categories of papas in Hinduism?
Do plants have life?
Navagrahas with their consorts
Could reincarnation be intergalactic?
Did the Samkhya school believe that animal sacrifice is an easily remedied sin?
What is the substitute for sikhA for a sannyAsi who wants to perform Vedic rituals?
Marriage and moksha.
Nārada Muni Cursed by Prajāpati Dakṣa
Hasta Mudra done with the left hand affects the right side of the body and vice versa- I need a scriptural proof for this statement
The Bhumi Geetha
Hinduism sacred texts written outside India?
Are Tibet and Bhutan mentioned in Hindu texts?
What was varna of foot soldiers of Mahabharata war?
What script did Ganesha write the Mahabharata in?
Does prayer remove bad deeds of past lives?
Did the Samkhya school believe that destroying plants in Yagnas is a sin?
What do the guidelines of ancient scriptures say on "resource wastage"?
Why did Rudra fight against the devatas in the Tārakāmaya war?
Does Bhagavata Purana say moon has its own light?
Why there is not Hinduism in Europe, Africa, N.A, S.A, Australia?
What are the early sources of combinatorics in Hindu scripture?
Where are all the incidents mentioned by Dhritarashtra in the Mahabharata?
Questions regarding the number of verses in the Bhagavtam
Is the concept of "Holy Cow" found in the Vedic literature?
When and at what instance Dhruva Maharaj fight with Yakshas?
The Four Categories of Pralaya (Annihilation) and how it can be stopped?
Detailed history of Lord Vishwakarma
Why religious activities aren't suggested during absence of Venus?
The Supreme Lord Is Equal to Everyone but he became partial for Indra
Did Hanuman make promise to Vali's mother that he won't kill Vali?
Where is it mentioned about sister of Lord Shiva in religious texts?
What Lokas and Andas are destroyed during Naimittika and Prakrita Pralayas?
Did the Samkhya school discuss the danger of Yagna fires to surrounding wildlife?
What would be good books to read to learn the basics?
What is Ashta Kona Maharshi's contribution to Hinduism?
Do all Vedantic philosophies agree on the number of Pramanas?
Book recommendation for Vedas in Hindi
Why Lord Vishnu is mostly seen in resting or sleeping position?
What do Lord Vishnu and Lord Shiva do after 1 Kalpa when Brahmadev goes to sleep?
What are the good books available on all the Four Vedas in English
Why do Indian women wear Bichhia (Toe Rings)?
Scriptural reference in Hinduism about shortness of human lives
Do Advaitins believe that Vishnu appeared before Gaudapada?
Can Lingayats be considered as a part of Hinduism?
Who are the Sanat Kumaras?
What are the main differences between Valmiki Ramayana and Agastya Ramayana?
Who believes in 10 Pramanas?
Can Lord Vishnu help his devotees when He goes to deep sleep especially during the time of Chaturmas?
Plant and Vegetable kept against drishti dosham at house entrances
What are the verses of the Mahabharata on the apsara Tilottama?
What are the differences between the names Parashiva, Paramashiva, Rudra, Sadashiva and Shiva?
What did Ramakrishna Paramahamsa say about the Srimad Bhagavatam?
Is Taittireya Samhita of Yajurveda is a different book or a chapter of Yajurveda?
What are the Shaivite/Shakta arguments for gestures as a Pramana?
Did Vyasa and Baudhayana believe in 10 Pramanas and 8 Pramanas respectively?
Why did Ramanujacharya & Adi Shankaracharya never refer to the Srimad Bhagavatam in their works?
What is difference between living and non-living?
Can somebody be a Vaishnava and believe in Hari-Hara-abheda?
Is there a relation between Gadhi, the Kaushik incarnation of Indra and Ahalya?
Who was the wife of Kaushik who stopped the Sun from rising to save her husband's life?
Who is the earliest Advaitin to mention six Pramanas?
Do any of the biographies of Shri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa written by His direct disciples indicate He took fish or meat?
Role of Shatrughna in Ramayana?
Which scripture wrote the "Ganapathi Moola Mantra"?
Is the Dyaus mentioned in Vedas as Indra's father the same as the Vasu Dyaus?
How much was the population in Satya yuga?
Does Atharva Veda 12.1.17 says Earth is fixed?
Kshirasagara (the Ocean of Milk) where it comes from?
What is the reason behind considering number 12 as special?
Is Shakha-Bhed marriage prohibited? If yes then explain
Story of Sharangati
Vishwamitra & Indra were enemies so why does the Brahmarishi sing verses in praise of Indra?
How did Vishnu help Indra in killing Vritra?
Who were the seven rishis called Chitrashikhandins?
When exactly were the puranas were written?
Where is the verse ''sahasra-namnam punyanam... prayacchati'' found?
What is meaning of the Maruti-stotra composed by Ramdas swami?
Why do the gods look like human beings?
Why are the names of Lord Krishna and Lord Rama superior to the name of Lord Vishnu?
Apart from the Srimad Bhagavatam and the Brahma Vaivarta Purana, is Goloka Vrindavana mentioned anywhere?
"Protective Layers" according to Hindu Scriptures
How to celebrate Naag panchmi?
Where can I get the complete English translation of the Chaitanya Bhagavata?
Sanskrit and Sounds of Lord Shiva
Regarding some questions on date of composition of Puranas
Which Vedic verses depict Lord Shiva/Rudra as the Brahman?
How many English translations are there of the Srimad Bhagavad Gita apart from the ''The Bhagavad Gita As it is''?
What is the meaning behind Shiva with 26 heads and 52 hands?
Can someone recommend me some Vishnu bhajans in Hindi, Sanskrit or Bengali?
Why is the Vedic Indra so different from the Puranic Indra?
Was Indra born from his mother's side and did she die in child-birth?
Did Indra kill his father by throwing him down from heaven?
What is the story behind the Solah Somavara fast?
Origin of Ravana's name
Is there a punishment for breaking the vow of celibacy? If yes, what are the ways to clear the sin?
Why did Tvastar, the father of Vritra fashion the Vajra that killed his own son?
Why did Brihaspati establish Charvaka or materialistic philosophical Sect?
Can Lord Vishnu exhausts one's Karmic seeds according to Vishishta Advaita?
Do any Vedic verses depict Lord Vishnu to be supreme?
What is the expiation for indulging in sexual activities after upanayana?
How could Asuras get boons from God?
What are the causes of losing your caste?
Was it really Indra who killed Trishiras or was it someone called Trita?
Where does Yajurveda have "karpūragauraṁ karuṇāvatāraṁ....bhavaṁ bhavānīsahitaṁ namāmi" verse?
Is there any alternative to using honey in making Panchamrita?
Why did the life expansion(living for many year like 1000 years kept decreasing?
Which Vedic verses declare Lord Brahma as supreme?
Why Anuloma marriage is encouraged but Pratiloma marriage is discouraged?
Which warrior can be considered the reason for the death of Bhishma?
Why did the Pandavas sit quiet when Draupadi was being disrobed by Dushasana?
Did Ramanuja do a mass initiation of people at Srirangam?
How is Tapas performed?
Is there any ritual to offer black chandan to Lord Hanuman or Bhairav?
Why are there no more Alwars?
Where can I know about the eight forms of Lord Ganesh from Mudgala purana?
What is the reason behind restrictions during eclipses?
Did Lord Vishnu pray to Lord Ganesha? If yes, in which scripture is it written?
What is the meaning of the term ''Mayavadi''? Is the term mentioned in any of the scriptures?
Why are there no more Nayanars?
Circumstances sanctioning falsehoods
Unknown creature mentioned in the Hindu mythology?
What is the oldest surviving commentary on the Vaisheshika Sutras?
World is real even according to Advait Vedanta?
Identifying Varnas based on scriptural sources
Why did Indra steal a wheel from the chariot of Surya?
Who is Indra's friend Vrishakapi whom Shachi doesn't like?
Where in the Shiva Purana does Lord Shiva say " ekam prasamshati yastu sarvAneva prasamshati...."?
Is there any mention of "Scissors" in the Hindu literature?
Do any Hindu scriptures condemn magick? Is the practice of magick by Wiccans using Hindu deities legitimate?
What are the stories of creation in hindu scrpitures?
Where is it written that Ramakrishna Paramahamsa was an incarnation of Lord Vishnu?
Which scripture is the source of the verse "kalau śūdra sambhavaḥ"?
Who are the 24 avataras of Lord Vishnu according to the Srimad Bhagavatam?
What is the purpose of Lord Krishna favorite things?
What is the reason of creation according to Vishishta Advaita?
Gruhapravesam in a week after marriage
Which scriptures describe Vritra as an Asura?
Which places in India does the authentic "pitru vidhi" happen?
Which Geeta shlok says thus?
Are there any Mantras to bring rain?
What is Lord Vishnu's favourite food?
Is Prophet Muhhamad mentioned in the Bhavishya Puran? If he is mentioned is he presented as good or evil?
A drop in the ocean
Why demons take birth ? And they do not vanished as they do anything wrong?
Did Lord Vishnu fight battles in the company of Indra Deva?
Srivaishnava scriptures/acharyas mentioning Pandharpur
Where does Yajur Veda have Mantra Pushpam hymn?
Where can I read the complete ''Sri Ramakrishna: The Great Master'' (English) by Swami Saradananda?
Are there any non-ISKCONic translations of the Chaitanya Charitamrita in English?
What is the origin of Raksha Bandhan?
If Lord Krishna lives in Goloka Vrindavana where do the other avataras live?
What is the story of Dattatreya defending the Vedas?
If we are all Vishnu, where do the Thrimuurthulu live?
Which deities should be honored for their protection of waters?
What's the English transliteration of this Sanskrit mantra?
Did a devotee curse Lord Vishnu to turn into a stone?
Why all Hindus won't celebrate Hanuman Jayanti on same day?
What causes eternal soul to get embodied into a body and come into material world at all?
Which scripture explains Fire Walking practice in temples?
Who wrote the Shiva Stuti Sukta Malika, and does it still exist?
Difference between Kartavya and Dharma?
Are ALL devotees of Lord Shiva cursed by Rishi Bhrigu to follow anti-Vedic principles?
Was education free in ancient India?
What is source of the Saraswati sloka " Saraswati namastubhyam varade kamarupini..."?
Book recommendation for Srimad Valmiki Ramayana ( with commentary )
Why didn't Lord Ram try to prove Mother Sita's Purity but rather chose to exile her?
Which are the Five faces of Lord Shiva?
Is palmistry a part of astrology?
What is relation of Lord shiva/RUDRA with storms?
What are the names of the Kalpas as mentioned in Srimad Bhagavat Mahapurana or in any other scriptures?
Why Everyone should leave hometown before the lamp off?
is it ok to do Gayatri Japa during a Lunar Eclipse?
Need to know if Vishnu, Shiva or Indra stopped Vishwamitra's Tapasya(penance)
How did ancient Hindus identify the date and time of Eclipses?
How sexual relations with multiple partners affect us? What are after effects of promiscuity?
It is said that Lord Hanuman still lives on the earth, If it so where does he live?
Are pregnant women allowed to go to temples?
Are there Hindu scriptural references for "Simulation hypothesis" or the "theory of simulation"?
What is the History of Election/Voting system in Ancient India?
What is esoteric meaning behind eclipse timing?
Is Gita from Yogananda a translation or commentary?
Is Sanskrit considered divine language to those of the Hindu faith?
Recitation of Chandipath
What are the Nyaya-Vaisheshika arguments against sound as a vibration of air?
Why is only Earth (Prithvi) chosen for life of human beings?
Why do Hindus only count Umbra as the eclipse?
What Varna and caste would work of today's physicians and doctors be classified as according to duty of various varnas?
What liberation technique taught by Shree Ramana Maharshi?
What is the meaning of Indra?
What was the age of Hanuman when Bheema met him?
How does the Vishnuswami sect differ from the Pushtimarg sect in philosophies and practices?
What are the spiritual and ayurvedic benefits of fasting on Poornima (full moon)?
Pooja during Menstrual period, Hindu Brahmin
What are the Hindu beliefs on life after death?
Will Lord Kalki be aware that He is Vishnu avatara?
Who is a pasandi?
In which scripture, does Sage Narada ask for the boon that Lord Rama's name be the superior of all names?
In which year of exile did Hanuman meet Bhima?
Does anyone know the exact details of the first part of the Horse Sacrifice yagna?
Does nAma-japa also require dikshA (initiation)?
Soul evolution in Hinduism
Can God(s) get bored?
Who is Vratya mentioned in the Atharva Veda?
Examples showing effect of pronouncing the mantra's wrongly in Vedic text?
Which one is grammatically accurate krishna saranagati mantra?
Rama's play in Ramayana is true feeling?
Anecdote about KalidAsA
Hinduism as an Atheistic or Animistic / Pantheistic religion
Is Shiva self manifested or born? And if born who were His Parents?
Why does Ramanuja refer to the PAshupata sect as the sect of "Black faces"?
What's the difference among "Shiva" vs "Shankara" vs "Rudra"?
Were there toilets in ancient India i.e., during times of Ramayana and Mahabharata?
Why Devraj Indra was chosen as the king of the Devas?
Where can I read online the Vedanta Sutras along with commentaries of Ramanujacharya, Adi Shankaracharya and Madhvacharya in English?
What is ashtopachara and shodashopachara puja? And how to do it?
Apart from the Padma Purana, does any other Purana say that Adi Shankaracharya will teach mayavadi philosophy?
Where can I get books written by Brahmananda Saraswati?
Should we pray to Kubera a Yaksha?
Questions regarding rules of chanting Vedas
Is it "Bhagavad (भगवद्)" -- "GitA/Gitā (गीता)" or "Gita (गीत)"?
is temple in dwarka still visible
How to know What is the purpose of my life?
Do we get benefit to not take rice during the Gyaras day?
Can snakes suck venom from our body?
What is the earliest source available to the worship of Prana?
What is the story of the Thiruvalavendhai Varaha temple in Mahabalipuram?
Apart from the Bhavishyottara Purana, are there any Puranas that talk about Sage Tulsidas?
Where does Periyavachan Pillai discuss Mleccha devotees of Vishnu?
what is the significance of tulsi at homes?
What was the traditional attire for men and women in the Vedic period?
On what basis the sixteen Tithis are divided into five groups and why are the groups so called?
What's the significance of worshiping Shiva in the month of Shravan?
To whom the Durga suktam Of Rig veda is addressed To?
Who is vAk (the speech) in Rig Veda 10:125?
Is Tapioca/Sabudana suitable for consumption on ekadashi
Guru Goraksha Kimayagar
Sequence of weapons in Vishnu's hands
Where can I get the complete English translation of the Chaitanya Mangala?
Where can I get the complete English translations of the Sri Krishna Chaitanya Charitamritam & Sri Chaitanya Charitamritam Mahakavyam?
What are the key differences between Achintya Bheda Abheda and Vishishtadvaita?
Can food which are proven to increase sexual libido be considered "Tamasica"?
Why no one should perform any Puja if someone from their family suffering from Chicken Pox?
How do Sri Vaishnavas interpret Srimad Bhagavatam 10.14.14?
Why is Lord Vishnu's Avatar 'Narasimha' more popular in south Indian region?
Why Brahmins are supposed to offer Sandhya everyday?
When did Cows receive the boon of horns from Brahma & why did they want them?
What was Swami Vivekananda's view on Vedanta?
Is the Vamana deity in Thirukoilur considered an incarnation of Krishna?
What does the word "Tryambakam" mean in Vedas?
How did Lord Vishnu complete the curse of 100 years of separation from Mahaa Lakshmi?
In which chapter of the Mahabharatha the story of Bhisma giving five arrows to Duryodhana for killing the Pandavas is found?
Why do some Hindus say "ram ram" twice?
In which scriptures are the verses ''aham brahmasmi" and ''shivoham'' found?
Who were the witches whom Indra crushed to death?
Colour of Gods and Godesses
What are the qualities of a true Vaishnava?
Is Shankaracharya's Advaita Vedanta philosophy compatible with Vaishnavism?
How does the soul control the intellect (buddhi)?
Which Kshatriya and Vaishya communities continue to wear the Yajnopavitam today?
Who is Svayambhuva Manu's mother?
Did Hanuman undergo a surgery after he pierced his chest to show that Lord Ram was inside him?
Punishment in garuda-purana
Why are we getting punished in hell?
Who is a Shaivite or Shaiva? What are his/her supposed qualities?
What is the connection between Munitrayam and Swayamacharyas in Sri Vaishnavism?
What is the source of Uttara Gita
Do any scriptures condemn atheism?
What is the age limit of getting a yajnopavita for various castes?
Is it a sin to chant mantras without initiation?
What is the definition of sin according to Hinduism?
Who is Ishwar according to Advait Vedanta - Lord Shiva or Vishnu?
Which are the crimes in which people becomes ghost and for how much time?
What is the varna of a Kayastha?
Can a son of a Vratya initiate?
Did Indra kill his step-mother Danu, the mother of Danavs?
Is Hinduism anti-foreigner?
How can Advaita Vedanta's Nirguna Brahman even exist?
Who has written Bhagvat Geeta?
Does the Devi Bhagavatam mention in which Kalpa was it written?
Where can I read Muvāyirappaṭi Guruparamparāprabhāva in English?
Which is the oldest known reference to a 7 day week in Hindu scriptures?
What is the origin of Shukracharya gotra?
Who said this "suta putra" quote about Karna and what does it mean?
Who is Kalakanja?
Question about the lokas
Meaning & Information about Shiva Shiva Shiva Shambho
Physical appearance of various Gods for worship
When Brahma's day ends and a new day starts does the previous day repeat itself?
Did people in other Yugas live on any other planet(s)?
Why did BORI excise the Vyāsa-Gaṇeśa conversation from its critical edition of the Mahābhārata?
How difficult or rare is it to get human life?
How did Lord Shiva create Veerbhadra and Mahakali
Is Ganesha created based on Gautama Buddha?
Why do they put a hole behind some Ganesha idols?
Why is onion forbidden in every fast?
How to meditate lying down
How can one know their dharma?
Does Bhagavad Gita Sloka 17.23 refer to Brahmanas or Brahmins?
How much of Vedic Mathematics is related to Veda?
How can we explain the 'vardan (boon)' of 'amaratva (immortality)'?
If Goddess Sita is the daughter of Bhumi Devi, then how can we say Lord Ram is an Incarnation of Lord Vishnu?
Can Sannyasis accept meat as bhiksha?
Where can I read Manusmriti along with all its commentaries in English?
About depiction of gods
How to wash away sin after unconsciously consuming non-vegetarian food?
Why householders are advised not to worship fierce forms of Kali?
English translation of the Brahmavaivarta Purana
Who is mother Durga, why was she prayed by all gods including Vishnu to be reborn as Parvathi?
Is "Dera Sacha Sauda" part of Hinduism or a different religion?
How do Brahma and Saraswati die?
How was Radhaji born? What are the names of her father and mother?
Is Radha really a Hindu goddess or not?
Chance of Ravana to win the war against Ram
Were there originally 64 Jyotirlingas in the world?
How many Rudras have been actually born?
Why did sage bringi only worship shiva
How does Avyakta turn into Vyakta
The yuga's- their repetition
Is Hanuman the 11th Rudra?
Is their an association between Chhinnamasta & Indra and/or Vairochan Buddha?
What happened to Hanuman's son Makardhwaja after he became the king of Patala?
Can a woman take the deeksha for mudra (applied on daily basis just like men - but only on hands and face) after or before menopause?
Who can be considered a better warrior Arjuna or karan in mahabharata?
What is time interval between the death of the old Brahma and the birth of a new Brahma?
Where in the Rāmāyaṇa does this quote appear? Who said this?
In which scriptures can we find the original stories of the Mahavidyas?
What is the philosophical comparison between non-dualism of Vedanta and Agama?
Is Sambhoga (sex) the need of the body or soul as per Vedas?
Are there any scriptural references of the trinity "Brahma, Vishnu, Mahesh(Shiva)" as depicted in popular culture?
Was matsya of Lord brahma transferred to Lord vishnu?
What are the various scientific proofs that Ramayana and Mahabharata describe real events in history and are not just mythical tales?
Murti Sthapana - why, what and when to do
Can the mantra Om Namah Shivaya be chanted as a general prayer to Shiva?
Which were the Holidays in ancient Indian culture?
Is there a Darshana/Philosophy based on Agamas?
What is the etymology of the word Satagopuram
Who are the parents of Devi Lakshmi?
Why Lord Vishnu made Devi Lakshmi his consort?
The Mahabharata we have today belongs to which Kalpa?
Why Manikkavasagar isn't usually included in the Nayanars list?
Are any English translations of the Parashar Samhita available online?
Why did Lord Parshurama kill the Kshatriya kings?
Was/is there such a thing as Yoga Sleep as an initiation ritual?
As per scriptures at what part of the head one should tie the sikha? at the back or at the top of it?
Does anyone know the name of this goddess?
As per which scriptures worshiping two Shiva Lingas in one house is not considered good?
What is the relation between Dash Mahavidyas and Dashavatar?
Why was Vidura silent on Lakshagraha?
Why does the Mahabharata mention Lakshmi as the consort of Dharma?
Why is suicide criticized in scriptures when it is part of the prarabdha?
Is the hierarchy of scriptures discussed in any scripture or in the works of Acharyas?
What is the correct way of doing meditation?
Would someone in their 20s be admitted into a Veda Patashala to start learning the vedas afresh?
Story of Agastya Rishi correcting balance of the earth
Are the 10 Mahavidyas an expansion of Goddess Sati or that of Goddess Shakambhari?
Why did Swami Vivekananda remain unmarried?
Music Covers of stotras
Is there any goddess named Pataal Bhairavi?
Why did Indra marry Shachi, the daughter of an Asura?
Is Vishnu the incarnation of Krishna or the other way around, according to the Geetha?
What is the order of the present Varah Kalpa n Brahma's life?
Which Darshana ShAstras were available during the Krita and TretA yugas?
Is there any detailed description of Virat(universal) form of Vishnu?
What are the expected rituals to perform during Sorha Sraddha(सोह्र श्राद्ध)?
What is "Brahm" in "Brahmacharya"? How does it relate to celibacy?
What work does God do daily?
What is more important Self Realization or Responsibilities towards family?
Why should i read any Purana which is not Sattva, like the Bhavishya Parva/Purana?
Under what circumstances god take an incarnation?
Are there more than one origins of Ma Kali?
How does Hindu life make different from any other religion?
According to Vedas which one is a better guide - Mann or Budhdhi?
According to Ramakrishna Paramahamsa and Swami Vivekananda, which is more important in attaining moksha- Bhakti or Jnana?
What do the Nyaya Sutras say about the existence of God?
Is it true that Jayadratha had split personality disorder?
How can Karna, the son of a god, be associated with the origin of Pitri Paksh?
Vishnu distresses Indra by pointing out not only his, but Brahma's mortality as well. Is Vishnu likewise, a mortal position?
Is Lord Vishnu symbolic for time?
How do we know that Lord Ganesha wrote the Mahabharata?
Are there any signs (or lakshnas) that determine the ItihAsha scriptures?
What is the difference between Devas and Asuras?
What is the Suryakanta gem that produces fire from sunlight?
What is the difference between Nyaya and Vaisheshika?
What is the story of the origin of Sraadha ritual?
Where can I find the complete English translation of the Vishnusmriti and Naradasmriti along with commentaries if possible?
Why sons of Lord Shiva & Devi Parvati are only worshipped?
How do we define who is a Close relative
Was the Avadhut and Yogi Lord Dattatreya married & did he have a son?
About Devas and Asuras
Giving Alms (Donation/charity) with the intention of getting merit will give me merit?
What is the real story of Cheraman Perumal who witnessed the splitting of moon?
How do Advaitins interpret Bhagavad Gita 7.24?
Is there any rule in Shastras for women to be kanyas even after marriage
What herbs take away the burning power of fire?
Who was sage Harita, the son of Bhrigu?
What was the name of 'Hindustan' before 'Bharat'?
What scripture has the story of the death of Yama and the creation of the night?
Every hindu is associated to Kuldevi and Kuldev. What is the purpose of it?
How the Gotra of a woman is changed during marriage?
Vanshaj of great Hindu Rishi Munis?
Chronological orders of dynasties and kings after Mahabharata as per Puranas
Why did the Vaisheshika school believe 100 quadrillion is the largest number?
Why do Hindu festivals fall on different dates every year?
Did Lord Krishna really consume alcohol?
Why Mata given more importance than Pita?
Is it forbidden in any scripture for Vaishnavas to refrain from non-vegetarian and stimulant foods?
Can somebody provide the Parjanya sukta with English translation?
Did Indra kill Virochan in the Tārakāmaya War?
Where did Lord Shiva's trident come from?
Death of a worker on the site during construction- should the house warming ceremony be postponed?
What scriptures describe the Videha and Prakritilaya states of the Yoga school?
Are all Vedas and Puranas written by humans only?
Why was Indra afraid of Himalaya's devotion to Shiva?
What is the difference between -- "Hypnotism" and "Divya Drushti" granted to Arjuna by Krishna?
Is it a fact that the city of Shimla is named after Goddess Shyamala?
Why Bhishma had to suffer the most in MahaBharat war?
Why there are numerous contradictions about origin of universe and other creations in Hinduism?
What scriptures describe Draupadi being the reincarnation of Ketaki?
What is the story of the Pishacha who overheard the Bhagavad Gita?
Can I have Gangadhareshwara Idol (not the Linga) to perform Abhyanjana, Abhisheka and pura?
What scriptures describe swans separating milk from water?
When Hindus buy milk are they required to only buy milk from cows that are not sent to be slaughtered?
Is kartikeya married or unmarried? Why is he not worshipped widely even after he had always protected mankind from evil powers?
Are other religions just an illusion to end kaliyuga?
Are the Vedic Gods Prajapati and Brahma the same?
Does seeing the same dream several times indicate something?
What scriptures describe the story of the frog princess?
What is the favorite oblation to matha kaalratri?
Who is Mata Parvati's daughter?
What are the signs of spiritual awakening?
The symbol for 'OM' ॐ
Who is the Rishi who cut off his own hands for stealing?
How is Ganga related to Lord Shiva?
What scriptures describe sage Vamadeva attaining Moksha?
Is there any god / deity for the mathematics?
Who are the Vishwedevas?
Is the Uttara Kanda of the Srimad Valmiki Ramayana interpolated?
According to Hinduism,what is Atman?
What are the views of Achintya Bheda Abheda on Nirguna Brahman?
What scriptures describe Vyasa's son Shuka creating a duplicate of himself?
Does GOD know future because of kalpa cycle?
how many years does it take to summon any god?(approx years)
Does Atman hear, speak, taste and see after we die?
Where is the island called Ramaniyak (mentioned in the story of Garuda) located?
Is there a good book in English on Divya Prabhandam?
SaptRishi mantras used in rishi homam
Who performs the actions of the senses?
Why Mitra and Varuna devas are also called Rudras In Rig veda book 5 hymn 70?
What is the Karma and what karma a human should do to be a perfect?
Can Atma be good or bad?
Why is lord Ganesh also called Ekdant, Char Bhuja Dhari?
What were the names given to countries like Mesopotamia, Egypt (ancient) at the time of the Mahabharatha war?
Is Atma both the Witness and Non-Witness of existence?
Why do we wear different colors on different days of Navratri?
The Actual Process & Reason Of Performing Kanya Puja during Navratra?
Why own head of Ganesh ji was not joined to make him alive instead of elephant's head?
Is "Democracy" naturally in accordance of "Dharma" (righteousness)?
Is the story of Kaka Bhusundi mentioned in any puranas?
Where can I find Atma within me?
What are some good books to read on life, death, afterlife, etc in Hinduism?
Why did Lord Jagannatha become a beggar and why His wife Lakshmi did not help him?
Do any Acharyas support a return to Hindu monarchy?
What is the overall take of Hinduism on menstruation?
Do subtle and causal bodies have sense organs like ears, eyes, etc..?
Have any Hindu philosophers attempted to solve the Riddle of Epicurus?
Is every being a God?
Why did Brahma ask Vyasa to write Mahabarata?
What is the lifetime of parvati and present age of her?
According to Hinduism, who am I?
What scriptures describe Parashurama as an Avesha Avatara of Vishnu?
We say Siya Ram and Radheshyam why we say Shiv Parvati why don't we say Parvati Shiv?
Which Upanishadic verse says that the very object of pleasure/beauty will turn into a object of pain or frustration?
"Once Yogi, Twice Bhogi, Thrice Rogi" -- What should be the number of meals per day?
Who are Rishi Asita and Devala?
What are the eight defects or handicaps in Ashtavakra?
According to Dvaita philosophy, why is Paramatma worshiped?
Sixteen Principles of Material Creation
What does Hinduism say about twin birth?
What were the banners of famous warriors from the Mahabharata?
What does Vallabhacharya's Shuddhadvaita Vedanta say about Nirguna Brahman?
Ravana's great-grandfather was Brahma?
Is Advaita moksha different from attaining Vaikuntha?
If every word of the Veda is eternal, then how does it have historical references?
If God is both omniscient and omnibenevolent, then, why do we need to pray?
If Brahman is unattached, why does It remain attached to a devotee?
For what reasons do prayers go unanswered?
Can unenlightened person initiate people?
Before Aruna, who was the Sun God's charioteer?
Did Sri Rama visit Hatya Haran teertha (Prabhaskar Teertha) to purify himself?
Kamba Ramayana with English Commentary
What is the Guru Parampara of the Samkhya philosopher Ishwara Krishna?
If the Purva Mimamsa school doesn't accept the corporeality of the Devas, then how does it explain their actions?
Who came first among our supreme gods
Vedic age of earth
According to Dvaita philosophy , is Parmatma involved in Karma?
Significance of number 7 as per Vedas
What is the origin of the story where Vishnu disguises himself as a boy and gives Indra a lesson on impermanence?
The Prapancha (Universe) is very very huge
If I pray to Ravana or some Devil ,then will Krishna steady my faith in him?
What happens to non-Hindus in the afterlife?
Is Parmatma the fire or the heat of the fire?
Is perpetual virginity or remaining unmarried superior to marriage?
Do any Hindu deities take onion and garlic?
Apart from Divya Prabandam scriptural references to Thiruthangal Nindra Narayana Perumal Temple
What is difference between Nagas and sadhu?
Logistics in Kurukshetra war
Was Krishna both Jivatma and Paramatma?
Every decision is the decision of the soul before birth?
Is meat offered to Goddess Kali only for restricting the sense gratification of meat-eaters as Srila Prabhupada claims?
Can the Yajnopavitam be ever removed after once the person has initiated?
What did the royal families wear during Ramayana and Mahabharata era?
Why was Hindu scripture written in poetry format rather than descriptive text?
Is bitter gourd permitted to be used in Devi alankar?
What commentaries on the Samkhya Karika are available in English?
What is the most recent reference to wild Sharabhas existing?
Did any Samkhya philosophers believe in a different Prakriti for each Purusha?
What is the story of Kubera being cursed to turn into an elephant?
What is Karna Guru?
Who was sage Lomasa?
Is the Svetavaraha Kalpa and the Padma Kalpa the same?
Did Vedavyasa ever write his own commentary on the Brahma Sutras?
Did Krishna ever suffer due to separation from beloved or due to unwanted circumstances?
What is the story of the Asura Dhanvi attaining the position of Indra?
Will Bali become the King of heaven?
Is applying sindoor compulsory after marriage?
Is Goloka mentioned in the Srimad Devi Bhagavatam? If yes, what does it say?
What are some scriptures that talk about maha kalpa?
What is the story of Indra putting everyone to sleep?
What are some atheist teachings and arguments in Hinduism?
How does one interpret the Brahma Sutras, when the Sutras by themselves are vague?
If there is a conflict between Pratyaksha pramana and Sruti, which one takes precedence according to Vishishtadvaita Vedanta?
If Parmatma is within me then can I pray to myself?
Is it not possible that Lord Kalki may have already taken incarnation in the past kaliyuga?
Where does the Valmiki Ramayana state that Lord Rama killed Ravana in the month of April/May?
How is the calculation of papa and punya is being done
Where are God's lab and God's own thesis written on whole universe development?
Who was Sanjaya?
Is their any Stotra, Stava, Stuti, et cetera for Mohini?
Classification of Mahapuranas on the three Gunas Sat, Rajas and Tamas
Why all avatars are not equally popular and famous?
Who are the real parents of Sita?
Why is there no patent system in Hinduism Scriptures in ancient time?
How to give Prayaschitta Arghya?
Could anyone locate where the Devi Purana contains the following verse about Chaitanya Mahaprabhu?
What is the oldest scripture that mentions horoscope?
What was hanuman doing with sugreev on the mountain?
What exactly is explanation of Hindus when they perform idol worship?
What does Vishishtadvaitins mean when they say Lord Vishnu is antaryami?
Did Ramakrishna Paramahamsa accept Jesus Christ as the begotten son of God?
What were the reasons for suffering of Lord Rama and Devi Sita?
Why is Lord Hanuman also referred as "Bajaranga Bali"?
What scriptures say that Prana Pratishtha is removed by a Chandala's touch?
Did the Purva Mimamsa school think the Devas have no intelligence?
Why two Rakshasa idols are kept near the main idol of Govindaraja Temple, Tirupati?
Which scriptures or Vedic hymns declare the Sun as the Supreme God (Brahman)?
If Lord Krishna is the father and mother of this Universe then why are we so different?
Do Saptarishi exist in today's time?
Is there an end to suffering?
How do I calculate Nakshatram manually?
References of Sage Lagadh in scriptures and/or oral tradition
Is there a scriptural basis for the celebration of Kojagari Purnima?
These lines of Ramcharitmanas belong to which descent (Kanda) of the book?
Which of the Divyadesam Sthala are presided by Vishnu's Varaha AvatAram?
Is heaven a place of extreme happiness? If yes, how to solve the paradox of experiencing hell in heaven?
Is it necessary to practice rituals to attain God?
What is the Prayachitta for not doing Sandhyavandanam regularly?
Did Arjuna really lose his powers after departure of Shri Krishna?
Will I (Psycho-Physical 'I') cease to exist after death or moksha?
Why are only 3 pramanas accepted in Vishishtadvaita?
Why the main festivals are in chaturmas if god is sleeping in that period?
In Hinduism, is God both good and evil?
Where in Matsya Purana the following verse about Chaitanya Mahaprabhu located?
Why Mundan (Chudakarma) is done in first and third year of life in Hindusim?
Will someone be punished again after death after once being already punished on the earth?
Which scriptures mention about Sutak dosha (various prohibitions on child birth)?
Are all God same fundamentally?
Who did Indra receive a prophecy from in a golden ship?
What are views on Laughter, as per Scriptures?
Why to ring bell while entering temples?
Forgiveness of SIN
What does Vishishtadvaita Vedanta say about hallucinations?
Why did Nigamananda Paramahansa say Adi Shankaracharya's teachings were Chaitanya Mahaprabhu's path?
Name of the Demon who can finish the Mahabharatha in just a second?
How to overcome maya?
Why the year of the gods are taken as divine years for yuga calculations?
Suitable Kali Mata Mantra for those facing tough times
Does following line states Brahma repeats same incidents everyday?
Which is the oldest scriptural reference for Diwali?
What is the definition of Nirguna Brahman according to Dvaitadvaita & Dvaita?
According to Dvaita philosophy,what are the duties of Vaishnava in Vaikuntha?
According to Dvaita philosophy, how does a Jivatma view another Jivatma in Vaikuntha?
How do I know what is the right kind of work for me?
What all Hindu scriptures advocate The Golden Rule? And what is the oldest Hindu scripture to advocate it?
Who says this verse in the Mahābhārata and in what context?
What scripture describes the story of Vishnu's boon to Shatarupa?
Is each of the 18 Mahapurans related to a different Kalpa?
Name of mythical horse
Are Vedic Gods Tvashtar And Vishwakarma the same?
According to Dvaita theory why did the Paramatma populate the earth?
What did Hindu's call themselves before 'Hindu'?
Gambling in Mahabharata
What do Hindu scriptures say about gambling?
Why Priest give flowers and again take them back with money?
Where in Vedas it is written that Vedas are incomplete without Ithihas and Puranas?
How many kalpas ago was Sati born?
Is the etymology of the name Yudhishthira correct?
What is the difference between Rajasuya Yajna and Ashwamedha Yajna?
Did Krishna ever prayed to another God like Brahma or Shiva?
According to Dvaita philosophy, is Vishnu the only God?
What do vedas say about Eclipses
What boon did Lord Vishnu give to Dhruva?
Why Lord vishnu praises and lauds Indra deva s majesty according to Rig veda?
Is this a real sloka?
When did the Mahabharata war take place?
Where is the exact date of start of kaliyug mentioned?
Excerpt from Mahabharata?
How do Vaishnavas interpret the Maha Mrityunjaya Mantra?
Is reincarnation or rebirth mentioned in the Vedas (Samhitas)?
Which one God have more maximum names? Krishna or Shiva?
Is Vrindavan in India the same village which is described in Bhagavatam?
Merit through Charity Vs Gifts
Is it written in our Shastras about abstinence from some acts on certain days
According to Advaita philosophy, is the Absolute Brahman formless?
Where are the Vyuha lokas located?
If my father doesn't study the Veda, does this make me ineligible to learn Vedas?
According Advaita philosophy, can the formless Absolute Brahman see, speak, hear and smell?
For what and why Bhishma took pratigna (oath) in Mahabharata
Why does Parashara say to keep a black cat and precious stones in home?
Anomaly in birth chart of Sri Rama? Kindly clarify
What is Sapta Vidha Anupapatti? who has written that work?
Has any Advaita Acharya or scholar resolved/answered/refuted Sapta Vidha Anupapatti?
Which Puranas are considered to be as authoritative as Prasthanatrayi in Vishishtadvaita?
Is caste system only for humans?
Did Lord Krishna stop the knowledge of Divya-astras from coming to Kali-yuga?
Are there any philosophical differences between Gaudiya Math and ISKCON?
Who is (are) the physician(s) of Gods / Devas?
In which scripture does Lord Hanuman say that Advaita, Dvaita and Vishishtadvaita are all valid philosophies?
Which scriptures portray Lord Ganesha to be the supreme God?
What is the definition of Sati Nari in kaliyug?
Is amrita or legend of samudra manthan mentioned in Vedic scriptures?
Do any scripture portrays Lord Kartikeya (Murugan) to be the Supreme God?
Do the Vedas mention Yugas?
Battle of Krishna and Shiva
Did the Vaisheshika school believe Yogis can see atoms?
Why are crackers used on Diwali?
Where in the Padma Purana are these verses located?
What Bhagavad-Gita says about responding to those who hurt you?
Can we wear lord Shiva locket around our neck?
What are the etymologies and literal meanings of the words (kṣatriya, śūdra, etc.) used to indicate one's varṇa?
According to Sri Vaishnavism, what happens to someone who worships someone other than Lord Vishnu as Brahman?
What defines the Vedanta school?
What is relationship between Akasha (space) and Shabda (sound) according to Veda?
Did the term "blind support" originate from Mahabharata?
Why do Devas stop people from attaining Brahma Vidya?
Why can't sudras read vedas according to smritis?
How two brothers Bali and Sugriv become enemy to each other?
Why am I being held accountable for my karma in this or next life?
If Devas and Rishis are self-realized, then why do they act contrary to it?
Who was Namuchi?
In the Bhagavadgītā, what are some objections to its proposed solutions to the paradox of action?
What's the difference between Veda, Purana, upanishad, Smritis, Granth?
Are there any Vedic/Hinduism scriptures which talk about intelligence completely?
What is proper meaning of HAR and HARI
Translation of Rig Veda 1.160.4 (Earth supported by pillars)
Who is Uma Goddess ? is it name of Parvati or a different Devi like Sati
Can a saint who is not in physical plane be called a Guru?
Why Goddess Durga was worshiped on dusshera?
what is practical application of non doership?
Balinese Hinduism symbology
Why did Shri Krishna show his power to everyone
Is it true Mahamrityunjaya mantra is not dedicated to Lord Shiva?
Is this true that Gods can not make their own food?
How come Tvasta did a Yajna to kill Indra by praising Indra Himself?
Where is Subrahmanya Sahasranamam mentioned in the Skanda Purana?
Kali yuga according to the Mahabaratha
According to Hinduism, which is better way of living: Nishkama Karma or Nishkarmata (Akarma)?
Why does the Bhagavata Purana say Vyasa incarnated before Rama?
What is the means of attaining Moksha according to the different Astika schools?
Who were the Carvakas?
Who brought up Vidura?
In which year did Varahamihira write his Brihat Samhita?
I want detail explanation about Goddess Maa Chinnamastika?
What happens after death according to Vedic samhitas?
Artificial Limb Transplant ( Prothesis) in Rig-Veda?
Why is the Milky Way called aryamṇáḥ pánthāḥ?
Did Ravana have knowledge about Rama being an avatar of Vishnu?
What is chronological timeline (in Manvantara and Mahayuga) of Lord Vishnu incarnations?
Why some sentences written in Sanskrita are called Mantra (Powerful)?
Avoiding the company of persons who are not spiritually advanced
Why our rishish followed grihastya ashrama but acharyas sanays asharama
Value of Yojana in Sayana's commentary on Rig Veda
Why namaskara with open hands in panchakaccha?
Who coined the word Ayanamsa?
In which agamas/Puranas the 10 mahavidyas are mentioned?
Which is the most ancient scripture?
Procedure to make God(s) our Guru
What are the eight forms (Ashtamurti) of Lord Shiva?
Is someone paying for meat assigned same sin as the one bringing it home?
Why did gods follow rule of Hinduism?
How to make a Yantra work?
Charity For Anscestors
What is the actual name of these mysterious goddesses?
Story of Bhujyu
Bhasma-Aarti at Mahakaleshwar temple Ujjain
Which is the correct Panchdasi mantra of Goddess Lalita?
What are 36 kinds of weapons & tactics of the war?
What is the difference between Lord Vishnu and Lord Krishna
What scriptures mention correlation between Kailasa and Sahasrara?
What happens to Indrani?
Why is the knowledge of Bhagavad Gita secret and confidential?
What's difference between graha and loka?
Are there any critical analyses of Hindu myths?
Who is Soma Natha?
Does Vachaspati Mishra's depiction of Vishnu's marriage have a scriptural basis?
Which was the ancient time when gods and men used to dwell together on the earth?
Which was the red sea that the Pandavs visited on their journey to attain Swarga?
Cross-cousin marriage and hinduism
Do we always worship only one god?
What are the names of adityas and saptarshi?
Was there ever a time when I was not there?
Why do the Krodhavasas take away the merits of people with dogs?
Why Dattatreya is shown surrounded by 4 dogs and cow?
Who should be responsible to protect the Cows from various atrocities?
Is Vinayaka an individual or a position like Indra?
Why God (Viraat Purush) created Devatas to enjoy and Humans to suffer?
How come Ramanujacharya's Sri Bhashya does not mention Islam?
Where can I read Sridhara Swami's commentary on the Srimad Bhagavatam online?
Ganesha's broken tusk. Is it the right or left one
Why is the Karma Kand portion of the Vedas larger than the Jnana Kand?
Nuclear family vs Joint family
Krishna's presence in Puranas
Why Krishna advised Arjun to worship other Devas and attain powers?
What are the original forms of Mahakali,Mahalakshmi and Mahasaraswati?
Is this version of "Samnō miṭra" legitimate? What does it mean?
Is there a scriptural basis for the story where Viṣṇu refuses to marry a disabled woman?
Queries on Sri Lalita Sahasranaam Phalsruti
Difference between sage Narayan and Brahman Narayana?
Can Asuras or Rakshasas be summoned by any ritual?
How did Hanuman get the 8-Siddhis and 9-Nidhis?
Why it is considered good to see ones own palms after waking up in the morning?
Difference between Bhuvaneswari and Lalitha devi & their location
Nitya Karma and Pooja Book
Could any one describe what is maya?
How do Advaitins justify that Nirguna Brahman is superior to Saguna Brahman?
Number of people killed during the Mahabharata war
Where was Ashwatthama when Pandavas spread the false news of his death?
Oneness of different Indian philosophical thoughts
How was nudity treated in Hinduism
what is the story of Krishanu the archer?
Could anyone tell me what verse is being recited in the video?
Who are some great devotees of Lord Ganesha from the scriptures?
Why is Bauddha Darshana considered Nastika in Sanatan Dharma (Hinduism)?
Proper way to dispose ashes of yagna
what is the thithi, nakshatra, lunar month details of Adi Shankara's birth as documented by any mutt?
According to Hinduism, when does a day start?
What is the meaning of the word 'Hayagarddabhi',used as a name of lord Shiva?
Why do we bury dead body of a Sannyasi rather than burn it?
Is reaching to next kalpa is common for some persons?
Relation of Sage Vashist with Puskar of Rajastan
Availability of 'Panchvinsh Brahman' online
Who is Ratri devi? Is she same or different from Devi Kaali?
Why should temples be closed during an eclipse?
What is measurement unit of life's duration used by Brahma?
What's the meaning of the mentioned mantras
Why did India lose to foreign invaders?
'Dream' of Lord Shiva
Is Goddess Kali ever represented in the form of a child?
Is Surdarshan Chakra mentioned In Vedic literature?
According to Advaita philosophy,what are the conditions for attaining Moksha?
Were Nayanars foretold in any of the Hindu scriptures?
Who killed Banasura - Lord Krishna or Devi?
King Kedar of Satya Yuga
Where can I read the Pancharatra Agamas online in English?
Are these claims about Puri Jagannath Temple really true?
why do we not worship Brahma, the creator of the universe
What is the earliest Hindu work refuting Mleccha religions or philosophies?
What's the meaning & relevance of LIC logo "yogakshemam vahamyaham"?
Does there exist a complete English translation of Narasimha Tapaniya Upanishad?
Why does my Hindu Temple ring its bell so loud for so long?
What are the similarities and differences between Purushamedha Yagna and Sarvamedha Yagna?
What is the definition of Yudhishtira Saka and when does it start with respect to the Mahabharata war?
Who was Swayamprabha?
How do different Astika schools prove the existence of God?
Was Bhishma Dyaus-incarnate or 1/8th of all Vasus?
Why was Garuda cursed by Swayamprabha to lose his wings?
Are there 2 pindi's in vaishno devi for darshan?
What is the correct ending of this Shani Sloka?
What does Parayan(पारायण) mean? and how to do it?
Lord Krishna is the only supreme God in the Srimad Bhagavatam but in the Vedas Lord Narayana is supreme. Why?
How to practice meditation to increase Ojas capacity?
Which Scriptures say Shiva is easily pleased than rest of Gods?
Is it true Lord Shiva had incarnations too?
How many Brahma Sutras are there?
What do we know of the lives of Parvati's sisters Ekaparna & Ekapatala?
How are onions and garlic to be considered as non vegetarian food?
Does one eye of Lord Shiva always remain open?
How do Dvaitins interpret the Brahma Sutras where it says Brahman is the material cause of the universe?
How do different Vedantic philosophies prove the existence of the soul?
Was Madhvacharya influenced by Islam or another Abrahamic religion?
Did the Purva Mimamsa school believe that Brahman exists?
Why was Chaitanya Mahaprabhu an eka-dandi sanyasi despite being a Gaudiya Vaishnava?
Are 'Magh' and 'Ang' tribes of RigVeda?
What is the correct birth story of Chakshush Manu of the 6th Manvantar?
Who is the wife of Prabhas & the mother of Vishwakarma?
What are the various forms of Vishnu according to Pancharatra?
What is Pratyaksha PramANa to be precise?
Can anyone provide me the English transliteration of the famous hymn sung by Lord Indra to Mother Lakshmi in the Vishnu Purana?
Any prayaschitta for people who have beaten up their parents?
Is Shalagram worship forbidden to non-Brahmins?
In which text Om mangalam Bhagavan vishnu mantra is found?
Looking for that passage or verse from Ramayana where Rama acknowldeges the power of Bhakti
Who is Jatukarnya the officiating priest for Vyasa?
Does the Mahabharata contain the quote "When is peace not peace?"
Are the 3 gunas mentioned in the Vedas?
Has Suhagraat (1st consummation of husband & wife) & honeymoon been mentioned in the sciprtures?
Are Ramayan and Mahabharat parabols?
How many times Yudhistir's coronation happened and when in the Mahabharata?
What is Madhvacharya's argument against Brahman being the material cause of the universe?
What is the size of the soul according to the different Astika schools?
Which scriptures describe the concept of "Shadjanma Pashu"?
Is Vaikuntha or Brahman the supreme abode of Vishnu per Vishnu Purana?
Can someone give translation to Arya Durga Ashtakam?
Have the Baudhayana Grihya Sutras ever been translated into English?
Are there any scriptures that portray Lord Rama to be the source of all incarnations including Lord Vishnu?
Is Krishna the source of Vishnu or other way round?
Are Yakshinis succubi?
What do scriptures say about greed & corruption?
Are there any reasons to maintain spiritual practices very secret?
How do non-advaitians interpret Bhagavata Purana 12.5.11?
Which deity should be prayed or which mantra can be recited, while flying in an aircraft?
Were there "Awards" during ancient times?
What is the scriptural definition of scripture (shAshtra)?
Is it possible to present an unified form of hinduism keeping RigVeda as a single source?
Will god punish the people , who think vulgar / bad about god?
How do Purva Mimamsa followers explain the etymology of the caste word "Brahmana"?
What was the traditional justification for why Chandalas were not allowed in temples?
Is Bhagavan Krishna's sister a Nityasuri?
What is the role of Grief according to Hinduism?
What does the word 'Asura' mean in the Vedas?
Are there exams after studying the Vedas? Does the Guru make sure the student can properly pronounce the Vedas?
What are the order & duties of the children born from intermixing/hybridisation of 4 classes?
Is burning bamboo sticks really prohibited in Hinduism?
What are the astrological combinations in a horoscope that predict the subject will be atheistically inclined?
Is it true that Kripa is in Himalayas?
What is this (Yogic) posture called?
Why did Indra flee after slaying Vritra and why did he cook dog meat?
What are some early exemplars of thought experiments in Hindu scriptures?
Did Rāmānuja abandon his wife? If yes, on what grounds?
What do the different Astika schools think the Universe is made of?
Padmavathy consort of Lord Venkateshwara - Who was She?
Is it true that, as per Vastu ShAstra, the pujA room should only be placed on the ground floor and not on the upper floors?
Who is Eeshan/Ishvara refered to in Soundaraya Lahari?
Does maya in Advaita necessarily mean unreal?
Why Agni is called 'twice born' in Rigveda?
What scriptures did people follow before Dwapara Yuga?
Which Tantric scripture classifies the Agamas into SAttvic, RAjasic and TAmasic categories?
How are logical fallacies identified in Hindu philosophical debates? Do they have specific names?
Please describe the meaning of and the mantras associated with the Parashurama Yantra
Does anyone know the name of demons who got the boon from shiva to forever sing his prayers and stay in shiva's ears?
What is the worshipping place of Hayagriva mentioned in Yuddha Kanda?
Is the Karma theory falsifiable? Is there an accurate definition of the Karma theory?
What is the original name for "O bull like heir of Bharata"?
Did any of the warriors of the Mahabharata suffer from PTSD?
Hindu god and goddess
What food is forbidden on Ekadashis?
What are some Hindu organizations open to converts
If the Vedas say human lifespan is 100 years, how can humans live for thousands of years in previous yugas?
Whose incarnation was Sri NimbArka?
Was Daitya king Bali present during the Samudra Manthan? If so then how was it possible? Please check the details
Mounds of earth with saris
Why is Devi Ambika called Lord Shiva's sister in Yajurveda?
What are the Eight Treasures of Kubera?
Who is Āsuri Brāhmaṇa and why did Lord Kapila exposit sāṅkhya to the same?
What is the prayaschitta for failing to keep an Ekadashi fast?
Is there any mention of boon deadlock in scriptures?
Which scripture talks about avatara of Srimad VallabhAcharya?
Why did rAmAnuja abandon his first guru?
Which scripture explains Sapta padi mantra used in Hindu marriage?
Is "cow" a concept or does it refer to just one species of milk-producing bovine animals?
Is the practice of killing a cow for a guest (गोघ्न | goghna) still followed?
Why Ram used a duplicate Sita in Ramayan?
A question regarding the positions of Agni and Sowmya Tirthas on our palms
What was the age of Sita at the time of marriage?
How to please Lord Shiva to get grace?
Who is kAlAgni Rudra?
sharaNAgati and anugraham in Viśiṣṭādvaita
One who attains Vishnu, for him Siva is everything - What does this mean?
Acharya Sambandham in Sri-Vaishnavam
What is the meaning of Samkhya?
What actually is Vishvaroop Darshan?
Did sports/athletics games and competitions exist in mythological and ancient India?
Are Yaksa, Raksasa, Pisacas demoniac forces that manifest according to 3 planes of existance?
How did Ravan get 10 heads? What are the names of those heads?
What is the context of Adi Shankara's statement "Woman is the gateway to hell" found in his work Prashnottari?
How does Karma theory explain premature deliveries and the death of infants?
What is the authentic life story of Ramanuja?
What are the doctrines of Pratyabhijna school?
What are the major schools of Kashmir Shaivism?
Is any way to attempt to prove God futile? How much this quote is in line with Hindu philosophies?
What is the complete shloka on marriage ages written in new Vishvnath temple, Varanasi
Are the one lakh+ slokas of the KulArnava Tantram really lost or are they still extant under some other titles?
Do any Hindu scriptures say that Hinduism is not a religion but simply a way of life?
Really Long Breath intake while meditation
Whose avatar was Sri RAghavendra Swami?
Whose avatar was Sri akkalkot swami?
Whose avatar was saint Jnaneshwar?
Do Hindu scriptures give advice on how to stay present or mindful as one goes about doing regular day to day activities?
How do different Astika schools prove the existence of the soul?
What scriptural verse proves (or disproves) that water is as pure as the container in which it's stored?
Which are these so-called Garuda scriptures, by mastering which, one can digest even poison?
Is it true that Lord Shiva's description is different in Vedas?
How can one believe one won't be born again having attained Vaikuntha?
How did the Purva Mimamsa school explain Gotras?
Who will hold the next God titles?
What is the sanskrit name for the "Star of David"?
Does Rig Veda anywhere say that Vishnu is the mightiest?
Whose avatar was SripAda Srivallabha?
Whose avatar was Sri Eknath?
Where in scriptures is found the story of Lord Shiva punishing one crore Gods and Goddesses?
What is the meaning of Ram or Rama?
What are the seven rays of the sun?
What is the meaning of Gayatri Mantra?
Whose avatar was tembe swAmi?
Whose avatar was Sri nAmdev?
What are the stories of Mhasoba and Khandoba?
Does Rig Veda talk about Vishnu using weapons?
Have Sri Vaishnava acharyas endorsed the concept of "tamasa purana"s?
Do we have a Trishati Namavali for Varahi?
What is the significance of Panchastavi hymn?
What are the granthas written by Sri SomAnanda nAtha?
Is there an online version of jayadratha-yAmala?
Whose avatar was Sri Vedanta Desikan?
Are triguNas related to paramANu (sub-atomic particles)?
Why is human life limited according to Hinduism?
What was the age of Sita in chronological order?
How do Thenkalais support the notion that the Divya Prabandhams are equivalent to the Sanskrit Vedas?
Do any of the Vaishnava Agamas recommend any Vedantic philosophies like Vishishtha Advaita or any other?
Are women forbidden to recite the Chandipath?
Why is there a fight amongst Sri Vaishnavas regarding "namam" of Lord Venkateshwara?
Praying original mantra vs praying with the meaning of mantra in different languages
Does Narasimha Avatara occur in Vishnu Purana?
What did Adi ShankarAchArya say about Param Shiva?
Did Adi Shankara's philosophy somewhat change in his last years or after writing Brahma Sutras?
Madhusudana Saraswati on Chaitanya Mahaprabhu
what are the smallest and the largest unit of measurement of time used in vedic calculation and universe creation?
How does the garuDa purANa extol Lord Shiva as supreme almighty?
Is the notion of sattvik, tamasic and rajasic puranas genuine?
On what grounds did RAmAnuja wished to accept KAnchipurNa as a guru?
what does Gangavataranam show regarding what Vaishnavas call "Vishnu paratvam"?
What is the story of Sri VadirAja tirtha?
Planning Bhoomi pooja after death of My father's elder brother
Vedic Chanting Rudram - Beginning verses?
What Dharma forces Lakshman to leave his wife and accompany Lord Rama?
I'm looking for some places where traditional Vedic Chanting books can be bought from
Description of Ram Setu
What is dharmic science behind legends about brick walls flying
What are the commentaries available on LalitA SahasranAma?
Why is Lord Vishnu referred to as Upendra in the Vedas?
Is each of Vishnu's 1000 names from the sahasranama of equal potency?
Is Indra the chief god of the Vedas?
What is to be done with meat of sacrificed animal in vedic yajna?
When was Ramayan written before or after it happened?
Who has written Mahabharat epic?
Is it possible to work without passion?
Do vaishnavites believe in pranava mantra or is it an "anya devata" of sorts?
Can a Mleccha become a Brahmana or Kshatriya or Vaishya or Shudra?
Is meat Rajasik or Tamasik?
Did Adi Shankara say anything about the Ishvara Gita?
What does Atharva Veda 14.1.20 say?
does the soul go somewhere when we deep sleep?
Which scripture gives oldest refrence to samudra mathanam (churning of ocean)
What is the importance of knot in sacred thread ceremony?
Why Arjun called as Parth, not the other sons of Kunthi aka Prutha?
What curse did Earth, Water, and Trees get by taking Indra's sin of Brahmahatya of Viśvarūpa upon themselves?
Is Lord Jagannath an incarnation of Vishnu?
What are some hymns elaborating and explaining about dasas in rig-veda?
Who are these tribes mentioned in Hindu scriptures?
Are there temples where the deity is simply called "Vishnu"?
Among Hindu Kings who fought invaders how many were Siva worshipers?
Who was acharya SrirAm Sharma?
Can I do exercise and dumbbells at home during swami ayappa diksha?
What are Char Dham?
What are the different sampradayams (traditions) followed by the mutts established by Adi Shankara?
Did Lord Rama's wife Devi Sita belong to Nepal? In which place did she stay during pregnancy?
Resources to learn about Hinduism for an ex muslim who has been agnostic for about 10 years
Do Hindu scriptures prescribe how dead bodies can be preserved for centuries?
Why goodness is taught and hailed?
What are the arguments given by some scholars that the Vishnu Puranas are Tamasic?
What are the arguments given by non Sri Vaishnava schools that the Pancharatra Agamas are non-Vedic?
Who are the nAthas of nAth sampradAya?
What is the story of Maharishi Patanjali?
What is the yoga of Sri VallalAr?
What are the teachings of Sri Gorakhnath?
What are the miracles associated with Sri TirugnAna-sambandar?
What is the significance of amritaghateshwara temple?
Does Lord Shiva do tandava dance in joy too?
How many days after marriage can a man touch his wife?
Do Hindu scriptures say anywhere something to the effect that vaishnavites are God's chosen people?
What is the mahAtmya of Pandharpur?
What are the teachings of saint JanA bAi?
Good and Evil and Reincarnation
Why did Mandana Mishra defend the Sphotavada theory of language?
How are the lunar race and solar race originated?
Is there any mantra that addresses the Saptarishi?
Is Srikantha regarded as an incarnation?
Which Shaivite sects are dualistic?
How can one increase bhakti?
Which texts talk about alchemy?
Is Dhruva portrayed as a devotee of Prajapati Brahma in any texts?
What Vedanta philosophy is followed by Varkari Vaishnavas?
How does Prana and Apana fuse outside the body?
Can I as an atheist still be Hindu?
Why did rAmAnuja disobey his guru?
What does the term in "the playing fields" as used in the Bhagadavida Gita really mean?
Is chanting without concentration effective?
Do the Vedas say that Indra can grant moksha?
Who/What were the sources that Valmiki referred to when compiling his Ramayan
Is Indra of the Vedas the rain god Indra?
Is it a sin for a girl if she marries after puberty?
Which puranas contain the story of the contest between Ganesha and Kartikeya for vighnadhipatyam?
Who is Goddess Hri?
Does Rig Veda 3.30.4 say the Earth is immoveable?
What are the letter of alphabets (varnas) associated with each of the Seven Chakras?
Which verses for god indra in vedas mention him as friend of all human beings?
What is the story behind the name of Indrajit?
What does Padma Purana I.43.128b-133b say?
Do any verses in the Vedas declare Agni to be the Highest Brahman?
Hindu traditional book about people skills, making friends and influencing people
Is Sharanagati (jiva soul's self surrender to the Lord) based on Sruti?
Should one regard deities as Superior and Inferior as per Adi Shankara?
Why does Lord Shiva apply ash on His body?
Why do we give shankha dhwani at the beginning of the pray?
Do Vedas mention Suryavanshi kings or are they focused only on Chandravanshis?
Did Krishna marry Rukmini at age of 8?
In what ways vedas give equal respect to women?
Are there any eulogies and prayers to Brahma?
Why was rAmAnuja refused initiation for 17 times?
What's the source and rest of the verse 'dhanam mūlam idaṃ jagat' (money forms root of this world)?
Which is responsible behind worldly relation?
How to perform Pashupat Vrata as per Vedas?
Why lord Ram used Brahmastra to kill Hanuman but failed?
Can someone suggest/ point me towards various Sakhas of Asvalayana Grihya sutras, Rigveda?
What is the full story of a falcon stealing the soma from heaven in vedas?
What is the meaning of Brahmarakshasa?
What is the story of Mandodari after Ravana's death?
How to do the Hindu meditation for enlightenment and samadhi?
Do Vedas talk about avataras?
Why is skanda worship more in south india rather than north india?
Are women allowed to undergo upanayana?
Who is this? Is it Nrihingha Dev?
What did Arjun see in the Vishwaroop of lord Krishna?
What is the prayaschitta (atonement) for a Brahmin for accidentally killing a cat?
What are the important texts/scriptures of VisistAdvaita Vedanta?
Is it true? chanting mantra without moving lips and tongue gives more effect?
Is mudgal puran with english translation available?
Is Sri Kurma an avatar of Lord BrahmA (Prajapati)?
Color of Yagnopvaita (Janeu)
Who is Vijayavalli, wife of the Sudarshana Chakra?
What is soma mentioned in vedas?
How not to displease Lord Hanuman
What is the story of Indra being turned into an elephant by Saraswati?
What was Shankara's stand on Bhairava Agamas?
What is the speciality of mAdhyandina shAkhA?
Can one purchase a flat after marriage of girl child in the family? Are there any restrictions?
What do Vedas say about non-sacrificial killing of animals?
What is the life story of Sri Lakulisha?
Unknowingly Did Full Pradakshina in Vetakkorumakan Temple
What is the story of sage AshvalAyana?
Is there a shrAddha ceremony as per agama? (if any)
Are some richas in Rigveda dedicated to Vishnu from Adityas and not from Trinity?
Why Kalki Avatar will come at the end of the yuga not in between like all other Avatars of Vishnu?
What will happen to Hanuman and the other Chiranjivis after the end of the Kali Yuga?
Does a Sannyasi have a caste? Or it gets dissolved upon taking Sannyasa?
Which is the Gomanta mountain, to which Krishna & Balaram fled?
Why certain impurities (related to birth/death) are considered to be as ever lasting in a Sannyasi's life?
What is Arya really?
why no epic is there in Kaliyuga like Ramayan and Mahabharat?
Does Shatapatha BrAhmaNa explicitly mention about leelas of Lord Vishnu?
What is the difference between Shankara's Advaita and the Advaita of Kashmir Shaivism?
Why did God Shiva drink kalkut or halahal but not any other God(s) or Goddess(es)?
Are there any incarnations of adi shakti between sati and parvati?
Is god shiva immortal?
For what reason did Dasharatha marry three women?
How many years did Lord Vishnu's human incarnations live for?
How do the scriptures describe some of the key features of Avataras?
Does any doctrine/philosophy believe that Jiva emerges from (and merges into) Brahman?
Which verses in the Vedas describe humans as the same as Pashus?
What is tapasya? How it is done? Are Samadhi ,Sadhana and Tapasya the same thing?
After-life transmission of spiritual power (Shakthi)
Looking for Sri Kalki's stotram to Lord Shiva in Sanskrit
How did Bhadra conceive children from the corpse of her husband?
What is the meaning of Hare Krishna Hare Krishna Krishna Krishna Hare Hare ...?
Do kalpas and manvantars have existence in vedas?
What is the story of the seven young male figures shown in Tirupati's inner Gopuram?
Why "Rama" Nama is called Taraka mantra?
Why did god make few people look beautiful and others ugly?
Are there any surviving poems from Thirumazhisai Alwar's disciple Kanikannan?
How many wives did Arjun have?
Was there a battle between lord Krishna and Arjun in Mahabharat?
Views of Hinduism on self pleasure?
How does Hinduism believe they should treat those inside and outside of their cultural frame?
Are Vaishyas mentioned in the Vedas?
Where did Ravan go after his death by lord Ram?
Is it true that positive energy resides at the main entrance [door] of a house?
Why did Lakshmi become Bhrigu's daughter Vedavalli?
When and how did lord Krishna bring back six brothers, sons of Devaki who were killed by Kamsa?
Which 299 animals were sacrificed in the Ashwamedha besides the Horse?
Is hetuvāda now a derogatory term? In what context did Rāmāyaṇa and Mahābhārata use the word?
Was there any warrior who never used celestial wepons?
What is the story and purpose of Lord Vishnu's Vaikuntha avatara?
Do children get contaminated by touching menstruating women?
Is Sanvi one of the other names of goddess Lakshmi?
Who is my ancestor?
How was Jatayu able to fight with Ravana?
Is there any scriptures written that who does not offer anything to god before daily activities is a thief?
What is the story of Gandharva Pushpadanta?
What were the special powers of MeghanAda?
Which type of ritual is aarati?
What is the definition of sorrow according to Sri Krishna, what are the main reasons of sorrow?
What is the purpose of Sankalpam?
What is the definition of Veda?
Aren't girls allowed to have twin-braid hairstyle?
What is vedAdi?
What scriptures talk against tapta mudrAnkana practice?
What is the location of Bharata Varsha (khanda)?
Which scripture has the following verse about Sri Vishwamitra?
Any examples of remarried widows (punarbhū) in Hindu scripture?
What are the main reasons of Arjuna for not wanting to fight the Mahabharata war initially?
What is discipline according to Bhagavat Gita?
How listening to and reading Bhagvat Gita or the Puranas can remove sins?
What is the importance of bull in the Vedas?
Why does geeta call vedas as traigunya vishaya?
What are graha and Nakshatras?
Do any scriptures say that women must worship God instead of their husbands and become self-dependent?
Who were the kings (other than Arjuna) killed by Lord Parashurama?
Did Adi Shankara say that women and low castes cannot attain moksha?
What is the story of Narasimha in the Varadaraja Perumal temple?
What are the flowery words of vedas mentioned in geeta?
Should Prajapati (Lord Brahma) be regarded as a Supreme Self or a Transmigrating Jiva?
Moksha in the Vedas (excluding the Upanishads)
Which Vishnu temples do Thailakappu at irregular times?
What did lord Krishna describe about Kali Yug?
Finding a local temple in USA
Clarification about Saptarshis of Vaivasvat Manvantar
Did Shakuni hate both the Pandavas and the Kauravas?
Are there any blasphemy laws in the dharma śāstras?
Is there any scriptural basis for this astrologer's claims that the character of a woman depends on the timing of her first menstruation?
In what scenarios, is adultery not punishable?
Which commentator interprets Gaudapada's word Chitta as Chaitanya?
What are the three mistakes made by Duryodhana in the kurukshetra war?
Which scripture mentions Vasishth praying to Tantrik Goddess Tara?
Significance of the bed time mantra
What happiness/joy God gets, when we humans pray him?
What is the actual definition for karma in Hinduism?
when hiranyaksha dipped earth in water (ocean) how to know that ocean existed out of ocean. actually out of earth there is no ocean
Which scriptures describe about Bhima and Hanuman's Gada (club or blunt mace)?
Was one of Uyyakondar's shishyas a relative of Nathamuni?
Discrepancy in Valmiki Ramayana
Was Krishna's son Pradyumna a rebirth of Kama or of Sanatkumar?
Vedic verses connecting Gunas and Varnas
Did Nala Maharaja had other special abilities besides cooking?
Who are Nala and Nila in Ramayan?
In Hindu mythology why all eight immortals are male?
Difference between sins removal
who is God Aryaman in vedas?
Is there any mention of geeta before sankara bhashya?
Do non-Advaita Vedanta philosophies also believe that buddhi is part of Prakruti/Pradhana?
Do any of the darshanas believe that Buddhi is the Self?
Why do different Lokas have different velocities of time?
How did lord Rama reach Rameshwaram?
Why called Navagraha?
Was Valmiki (writer of Ramayana) 24th Vyasa?
What is the role of dogs in Hinduism?
Presence of therianthropes, chimera and other mythical creatures in Hinduism
Are Vedanta Sutras post Buddhist origin?
In what text(s) is the Naga gayatri mantra found?
Did lord Krishna took Avatar when sons of Shatrughna were king of Mathura?
Is the Star of Bethlehem mentioned in Hindu scripture?
When and why did Duryodhan give sweet kheer mixed with poison to Bhima?
Why did Drona become Kaurava's and Paandava's Guru?
What does "Avatar of Kali Yuga" and "Avatar of Dwapara Yuga" mean?
Are shudras allowed to wander near sacrifices?
Sri Rama and squirrel.. where did this story originate?
What is navamundi asana and its significance?
How the original name of "Jai Samhita" changed to "Mahabharat"?
Why does the Pancharatra Agamas contradict the Vedanta Sutras?
What is Śuka's birth-based varṇa? Is his biological mother literally a parrot or a human named Ghṛtācī or he had no mother at all?
What is the difference between Shrimad Bhagavatam and Bhagavad Gita?
Which verses from Gita were referred by J Robert Oppenheimer (the father of atomic bomb)?
What are all the changes the earth will suffer from during the Kali-Yuga?
Can Vaishnavas join the Natha Sampradaya?
Why did Sugriva send his forces to four directions for searching of Sita mata?
Where do the Vedas describe dreaming of a black-skinned man?
Do Vedas say that devatas are mantra-baddha?
Is only Bhagvad Gita being used in the Indian courts for taking oath? Why?
What substances cause prophetic dreams?
What is the lineage of Yajnavalkya, the guru of Janaka?
Is there any Sarvo Sapa Vimochana Mantra for all type of Curse?
What are the qualities a good astrologer should possess? Who is true Astrologer according to Jyotisha texts?
Does Yajna purify air?
What are some of the famous shlokas that glorify parents?
Is there accumulation of karma when you act only according to your swadharma?
Which is correct name Krushna or Krishna?
What plants/fungi mentioned in our scriptures are known to be mind-altering?
What was the scene of Lord MahAdeva's marriage?
What should one choose according to scriptures between thoughtless mind and mind filled with the thoughts of God?
What are the differences between Vaikuntha loka and Goloka?
Is it true that all animals and plants could talk in Satya Yug? then why not in Kaliyuga?
Why no one ever tried to stop Indra from disturbing penance?
How many types of marriages are there according to Hindusim?
Do Camel and Moose carry any significance when dreamt of, as per Hinduism?
Does Basavanna reject the Vedas outrightly in any of his works?
What is the connection between vāstu śāstra and the varṇa system?
Did Vivekananda prophesy he would die before the age of 40? Why didn't he prolong his life through yoga?
What is the importance of Goddess Radha in Shaktism?
Mahavishnu's Avataaras
The way we are praying God is it correct?
Who are "they" in BG 16.8? Atheists? Cārvākas? Vaiśeṣikas?
In search of Tantra Practitioners
Are there any temples exclusively for women?
What are the arguments by Bharat and Javali to lord Rama when they come to Shri Ram to return Ayodhya?
Who is Kevat who helped Lord Rama and sita to cross a river
Why did the ancient Indians name Mars as "Angaraka"?
Are Uranus, Neptune and Pluto mentioned in any scripture?
What was Yukteshwar Giri's opinion on meat-eating?
What do scriptures say about silk?
Did lord Shri Ram, Laxman and Sita ever face dangerous wild animals during their exile in forests?
Is angirasa kalpa available?
Is shaving or hair cutting not allowed for both the father and his children on the same day?
Which scripture say any woman having intercourse with 5 different men is a prostitute?
Why should god bless us & fulfil our wishes?
What is the legend behind Siddhivinayak?
Which sect did Ramakrishna's family belong to?
Does the Swaminarayan sect truly not differentiate between Shiva and Vishnu?
Who is Parmeshvara, Ishwara & VAsudeva? What is the difference among them?
Which Gita verses did Rajinikanth refer, while announcing his entry into politics?
Were Nara-Narayana cursed by Sage Durvasa?
Who did incarnate as AchArya Abhinavgupta?
What are the duties of Dvija-Bandhus?
Where can I find the commentary on nAtya shAstra (abhinavabharati)?
Why is sadaari not placed for new borns?
Dwadakshari vs. Ashtakshari mantra of Sriman Narayana
What are the views of different sects of Hinduism on Vedas?
Which Rakhasa has taken away Sita mata before surpanakha meet them?
Was Ramanujacharya aware of His divinity?
How could Hanuman change his form to human to meet lord Rama while he forgot about his powers?
Is Guru Nanak's advent present in any scripture?
What is name of tiger in vedic-age? Is he present in rig-veda?
Did Sita come to see lord Rama and Laxman when they were lying on the battle field?
Is Hanuman really 'Hanumat' in Sanskrit Ramayana?
What is the meaning of Brahman & Vasudeva?
Why and when is Lord Ganesha worshiped with his wives?
What is the source for poet Kambar's description of Rama's physical features in Kamba Ramayanam?
What happened to the Vanara Sena who had died in the Ramayana war?
What's the purpose of creation of the universe?
Who are the demonic beings called Yatudhanas?
Is Vishwamitra also a creator of a new Universe like Brahma?
What do hindus think about parbrahm or brahman/parabrahm? Why don't they directly pray to parbrahm?
A question on chronology of Muktika Canon
Why Indra should be respected after looking at his affairs?
Who are the parents of Indra and Brahma mentioned by Basava?
What is the Life span of Hindu gods
Can Lord Brahma give moksha? Can jivas enter Satyaloka after death?
Is Jagadguru Ramanandacharya considered an incarnation?
How to find out correct Sri Yantra?
Is there any mention on number of sleeping hours in texts?
Dharmic role of wife in marriage
What are the basic rules for Nirahara Samyama?
What was the shakta lineage of Sri RAmakrishna?
What are the miracles associated with Sri Trailanga Swami?
Is pranking bad act according to Hinduism?
Who killed Ahiravan or Mahiravan?
Why do some Advaitins wear an Urdhva Pundra made of ash?
Bhishma ekadashi festival
Why Hindu Gods never appeared anywhere else on this Earth like America, Japan, China, African continents, Middle east before christ B. C. era?
What is the life story and miracles associated with Sri ShyAmAcharan lAhiri (mahAshaya)?
What is the difference between Lord Ayyappa and Sri Dharma Sastha?
Does Hinduism view homosexuality as a karmic punishment?
What are the duties of an ideal husband as per Hinduism?
What is the story of Sage Suta?
What are the prerequisites to get initiated in Shaiva or Shakta Agamas?
Is there any difference between Advaita philosophy of Adi Shankaracharya and the Advaita philosophy of Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan?
Where can I get the Vishnu Purana with Ramanujacharya's commentary in English online?
Where is lord Shiva mentioned as guru (teacher) of saptarshis?
What is the description of Varanasi in scriptures?
What is the meaning/definition of the word Shudra?
How many commentaries have there been of the Vishnu Purana?
How many commentaries are there of the Srimad Bhagavatam?
Is Prabhu Jagatbandhu considered a reincarnation of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu?
Who is the Rakshasa named Ravani in Ramayan?
Is concept brahman mentioned anywhere in Valmiki Ramayana?
How do you know death is near for a person as per scriptures? Is there any reference?
Who is Arjuna, who had captured Ravana at Narmada river?
Why Karn Chhedan sanskar is required?
What happened to the Pushpak chariot taken by lord Rama?
Were the sons of Draupadi incarnations of Vishwedevas?
Is it true that Navagrahas should be worshiped after offering prayers to other Gods at temples?
Do the Vedas say anything about Bhakti?
Where in Mahabharata is found the story of Vashishta trying to commit suicide in Sutlej river?
Why Arjuna did not attain moksha/mukti despite the upadesha of GeetA?
What is the esoteric meaning of BG 4.29?
KalaSarpa Dosha - A Myth or Reality in Astrology?
What are the big battles that took place in Hindu mythology
What is the story of the Naga Padmanabha dragging the chariot of Surya?
Name of Ravana's brothers and his sons killed in the Ramayana war?
Nine gates of a human body?
Impurities that were part of our body
Why did Ghosha's personal prayer become part of RigVeda?
Where can I read Guthartha Dipika of Madhusudana Saraswati online, in English?
Where can I read Sridhara Swami's commentary on the Bhagavad Gita online in English?
How many ekadashi are there in a year?
Men are treated as god for women or both treated as same according to hinduism?
What is the story of Indra, Kutsa & the Gandharva?
What are the effects if rituals after death are not performed at all?
How can we see the god in kaliyuga?
Sectarian Upanishads - Sruti or Smriti?
What is cosmic light referred to as?
How can subhuman treatment of a person be justified because he was "born" in a particular varna?
Which verses from scriptures describe Hanuman as Sankata Mochan?
Do the Vedas claim that Moon is farther from the Earth than the Sun?
How does Lord Shiva makes people realize of their wrong did?
Scriptures about Atmosphere
Do any scriptures describe fish to be vegetarian/Sattvic?
Was Goddess Gayatri really a cowherdess?
What are vatsalya bhava, madhura bhava and sakhya bhava described in the scriptures?
Can hindu men wear an earing to work?
What is role of Lord Hanuman in Mahabaratha?
Gods and their current life style
Why were the Mandehas cursed to try to eat the Sun every day?
Is initiation/diksha carried over to the next birth?
vaiShNava-s and food
What is Sahaja Pranayam?
Any scriptures says that a baby when in mothers womb can also hear sound?
Mentions of Barbarik or Yalambar in Mahabharata
What is Sri Ganesh Gita?
Who created this shloka? "kar charan krutam va kayajm karmajm va"
Who was Akritavrana, the follower & witness of Parshurama's actions?
Which deities should not be worshiped in the house and why?
According to Advaita philosophy , what is the meaning of word Dharma?
Different hair dos & bhakti style of Krishna bhakts and Shiva bhakts?
What is the meaning of word Sanskara?
Can an astrologer himself cast the Prasna Kundali for one of his own questions?
makara sankrAnti and sun's rAshi
Who is Kutsa and how did Indra beat him?
Can I still get 'Vinayaka Vijayam' by LIFCO somewhere in TamilNadu?
Did Ramakrishna Paramahamsa say that bathing in the Ganga does not wash away sins?
What scriptures describe Shiva whispering Rama's name to those who die in Kashi?
What are the names of 8 Prahars of a day?
How many types of Achara or Acharana are there?
Which Purusartha should be achieved in which Ashrama?
Which scriptures are available for Artha and Kama?
Where Epics and Puranas are mentioned as 5th Veda?
Will he be considered as Guru on teaching spiritual/meditation practices?
Clarification about Kunti's statement on harlot
Is Balrama (Baldeva) mentioned somewhere as VAsudeva (Vaasudeva)?
What Shakta-like Shaivite sect did Adi Shankaracharya defeat in a debate?
What is the story of Sage Shaunaka?
What is the significance of Lord Hanuman on flags?
Does God fight?
For how long did Ratnakar did penance to become Valmiki the great sage?
Karma .. a case study ..
Did all rishis keep uncut hair (kesh) coiled on top of their heads ? what was its significance?
What is the association between earth and the fire element?
What is the correct procedure to chant Narasimha 32 letters maha mantra?
My daughter wants to know what's with 12, 21, 48, 108 numbers
What was the actual reason for Krishna to kill washerman?
To which kingdoms did kings supporting Duryodhan belong?
What and how many forms of Spirit (आत्मा) are considered?
Clarification needed on sign/constellation Makara (Capricorn)
Why did Rama construct bridge to Lanka?
Why Hanuman is not visible to us?
What is Fullness and Emptyness (void) according to the Vedas?
What is the origin of this Saraswati prayer found in various Stotras & Stutis?
What is the Sutaka period for the death of the mentioned family members?
On what occasions can sacred thread be worn around the neck like garland?
Who all have the authority to blow the conchshell?
What type of flute did Krishna use?
What are the Vaishnava sampradAyas that are based on vAmAchara?
What happened to wives of Lord Krishna after he left?
Are these verses really present in the Skanda Purana?
Was Rishi Agastya the uncle of Ravana?
Are relatable worlds and peoples mentioned in scripture?
Mantras/prayers to be chanted by parent for the well being of children
What was the name of the form of Devi before Lalitha Devi?
Are Merkaba and Sri Yantra the same thing?
Lord of Happiness Venkateshwara, Godess Mahalakshmi devi and Lord of Wealth Kuberan
What is the relationship between Rig Veda and Sama Veda?
Vedas and their philosophy
What does a Dove symbolize?
Was the Akshay Patra ever used before Mahabharat?
Reference of scientific principle of multi verse in the Hindu mythology
English translation of Ganesh Sahasranam
Does the concept of multiverse exist in vedas?
Name of Ballia on Raja Bali and his yagna
Did Lahiri Mahasaya defeat Swami Dayanand Saraswati in a debate in Kashi?
Why Shri Krishna referred Arjuna as conqueror of wealth?
Is the Madhyandina Shakha of the Brihadaranyaka Upanishad available in English?
What is the need of a priest in Vedas?
What is the difference between these four types of Brahmanas?
Is there any story in scriptures about the origin of peacocks?
What is the source of mantra: Om Shreem Shree Dharaya Trailokya Mohanaya namaha?
On what basis vritra is referred to as a snake/dragon?
According to vedanta what causes a person to wake up from Sushupti state?
Is Chitragupt of Yamlok mentioned in any scriptures?
Did Swami Chinmayananda and Srila Prabhupada ever participate in a debate against each other?
Should we study or not study on Saraswati Puja?
Puranas about Brahma of the trimurti
Where can I read the Bhagavad Gita with the commentary of Vishwanath Chakravarti Thakura in English in a PDF version?
Who's going to hell?
Are not Shri and Lakshmi name of one goddess?
Gods granting immortality
What kind of purifactory rite is mentioned in ayodhya kanda which uses "aiNeyaM mamsa" antelope meat?
Does varna mean color?
Is Vishnu one of the names of Vamana?
Does Dhrupad has its origin from sAmaveda?
In Jyotish, is there a chain of predecessors in planetary realm?
Why is Sita mata also known as Vaidehi?
Shunya (nothingness) vs Purna (fullness) -- How to reconcile the seemingly contradictive statements in Uttara Gita?
is proselytization into hindu-dharma consistent with bhagavad gita?
What is the significance of Trinath Mela, where the three supreme gods are worshipped?
Why is god said to be giver of good times and good things when our own Karma created it?
What is the story behind the origin of rAga mAlkauns?
Were the holy names "Raam" , "Hari" and others originally used for Brahman?
How much of the Vedas exist as of present?
When do 'Chiranjeevi's die?
Is Adi Shankaracharya's Kena Upanishad Vakya Bhashya available in English?
What is the meaning of Saraswati?
Mahabharata and its pre-divisions
Is there any temple where deities are Brahma, Vishnu and Maheshwara?
Is there a concept of Triple Goddess in Hinduism according to stages of life?
Is there any significance of flying Eagle touching head?
Why no temple dedicated to Chhatrapati Shivaji?
Does anyone have the link to Lakulisa Pasupatha Sutras
Is it mandatory to follow one Marga?
Why deities are called asuras in rig-veda why it became a symbol of demons in post-rigvedic period?
Real or virtual banayan tree?
Why are graves called samadhi?
Is the proto-indo-european hypothesis consistent with the apaurusheyatva of vedas?
Development of Man's form along with God's Avatar
Is it fine to consume Sattvic food prepared more than 3 hours ago?
Who are the Ribhus?
Who are the Chatur Bhaginyadinis mentioned by Adi Shankaracharya?
Who is Aja Ekapada and why is this form of Lord Shiva very rare in Hinduism?
What are the major differences between the Critical edition of Mahabharatha and the Kumbhakonam edition?
what is the reason behind the snake with several gods and goddess
Is it a bad omen to see snakes chasing you in dreams?
Please provide all the scripture references where Hare Krishna Maha mantra is mentioned except Kalisantarana Upanishad?
What are the scriptures that describe about Lord Shiva?
Is the feeling of "Deja Vu", a glimpse of self realization?
What does other sects & acharyas believe in Bhagavad Gita 7.19 Sloka except Vasinava Acharayas or Sects?
If mother dies within 12 months of father's death, when the final ritual will happen for father & mother?
Soma and Vajapeya Yagnas
Is there any mention of the previous or next Sri Brahma (the creator) in the Puranas or Ithihasas?
What is meant by one Deva day in human terms
What is the percentage of vaishnavite temples that have anya-devata worship?
What are some of the devotional works by Madhusudan Saraswati?
Are badrayana and ved vyas the same person?
Does a soul have any gender?
Is the Padmanabhaswamy idol at Trivandrum represented as worshipping Siva linga?
What is the difference between Bhagavan and Devata?
On what basis is a soul born as male or female?
Who had the sacred knowledge of Bhagavat Gita before Arjuna?
Who is the Rig Vedic god Manyu who resembles Indra?
Which scriptures mention Kartikeya as the elder brother of Ganesha?
Is there any mention of a fountain of youth in the Purans?
Is Indra not included in twelve Adityas?
Why was lord Krishna driving Arjuna's chariot in Mahabharat war?
What could be the reasons for someone falling down from spiritual life?
What is Yoga according to Bhagavad Gita?
What does the story "Gajendra Moksha" depict?
What is the meaning of verse 2.5.13 from Srimad Bhagavatham?
Why do nakshatras have both a presiding deity and a ruling planet(graha)?
What does the expression "kalpa bheda" mean?
What will happen to a youth who wants to enjoy life as well as continuing spiritual efforts?
When and how did Arjuna's Chariot bursts into flames?
How could everything happens is for good only?
Which famous quotes are wrongly attributed to Bhagavad Gita?
According to vedanta from where does jivaatma originates?
Which verses in Vedas and Upanishads can be used to prove that Brahman is sagunam?
Is Agni and Vayu great because RigVeda eulogized them or are they not great because they're subject to ego in Kenopanishad?
Do birth marks signify anything?
Why is Bhagavad Gita the only the Granth whose jayanti (birthday) being celebrated?
What are the rules mentioned in vedas for people?
Japa Sankalpam for Australia ( Melbourne)
Where I can find the English translation of Sayana's commentary on entire Vedas?
what are the legends behind durga puja/kali puja/navaratri/dushera?
Was Ravana a vegetarian?
What does the Vaishnavite Tilaka mean when worn by Vishnu?
Did Bhishma vow to make Krishna pick up arms?
Is there any Texts in Hinduism that mentions the existence of different universes(multiverse)?
What is the meaning of Kalki purana 4.15
Why would lord Kalki accept an offering in which an animal is killed?
Lord Kalki's wife
Was Vijnanabhiksu a Vaishnavite scholar?
How many commentaries are there on the Purva Mimamsa Sutras?
Did Urmila Really Sleep for Fourteen Years?
Why some hindu gods don't have facial hair?
Why does Krishna suck his toe while lying on a Banyan leaf?
Did Feng Shui originate from Hinduism?
Why were Ravana and Bali (the Asura not Vanara) enemies when Bali's daughter was married to Ravan's brother Kumbhakarna?
In which verse number of Gita, Krishna tells about sankhya yoga?
Is there any mentions about the benefits of using crystals in any Hindu Scriptures?
What are all astrological information about sun?
What classes of scripture are claimed to be apaurusheya?
Where from human came first?
Why did Lord Krishna ask girls to raise their hands when they came out nude from the pond to get back their costumes stolen by Krishna?
Is panini's work "jambavati vijayam" fully lost?
Where can I get complete information about Yugal Maha mantra?
Can somebody explain the Samkhya theory of creation in a clear and concise manner?
How Yoga and Samkhya school of Hindu philosophy are related?
To whom devi Radha rani was married?
Where can I find the English translation of the Vedas?
Why is food smelt by a cow impure when cow's dung and urine is used for purification rites?
Are som rasa and Madhu different kind of juices (alcohol?) or are they the same thing?
What is the best way to start learning the Upanishads for beginners and in what order?
What is keelakam in Mantra Nyasa
What are the right rituals & food for Maha Shivaratri fast?
Where is the injunction to do Sandhyavandanam found in the Vedas?
Are there any Madhwa temples famous for their architecture/history/popularity with devotees?
Why did Vaidya raj Sushen heal Lakshmana but never heal Surpanakha (who had her nose and ears cut off), in Ramayana?
How many Brahmanas and Aranyakas are there in the Vedas?
About the Ram setu bridge on a floating stones
How many commentaries have there been of the Nyaya Sutras?
Are the four Kumars incarnations of Lord Vishnu or Shiva?
Is it worth learning the Vedas in the absence of a Guru?
What proportion of Vishnu temples do not follow any vaishnavite sampradaya and if they do they don't follow any vaishnavite agamas?
Manthra of Asthras
What is the Shaka tree after which Saka Dvip has been named?
Did Madhwas squat on an ancient Siva temple at Kudupu?
Is any scriptures says that, Without chanting the names of the God, we are all living dead?
If one simply needs to understand the Supreme Personality of Godhead,then why many people dedicate their lives in the studying of the Vedas?
Is Brahma Kumaris considered as a part of Hinduism?
Why does Hindus add "Darbha Grass" to every food during moon eclipse?
is the Hindu sect you are born into considered your svadharma?
Can I have more than one Guru?
Can yantras be used a remedies for Doshas in horoscopes and nakshatras?
Which scriptures apart from the Pancharatra Agamas mention the Pancha Samskara ritual?
When was the earliest that the Gaudiya Vaishnavas reversed the order of "Rama" and "Krishna" in their mantra?
What if by mistake prasad is discarded by someone?
What is anAhata nAda?
How to chant Shatru samhara mantra dedicated to God Murugan?
What are the mantras using which Kak Bhushundi survived the Pralaya?
Is the reconvering of Hindus through "ghar wapsi" (homecoming) based on scripture?
How to recover from lost caste status after crossing an ocean?
Where can I read the Ishvaragitabhashya of Vijnanabhiksu online in English?
Are children born to Hindus abroad caste Hindus?
How does Vijnanabhiksu accept Samkhya despite being a theist?
What are the basic requirements to be a Hindu or to be identified as a part of Sanathana Dharma?
Have any Hindu acharyas commented on the amendability of Dharma Shastras?
Which biography of Sri Ramakrishna mentions the visit of a Ramanandi Vaishnava to the Dakshineshwar Temple?
Is there hasta khechari mudrA?
What does the recitation at the beginning of this sukta say? (RV I.32)
Clarification on loosing caste due to Samudrolanghana (sea voyage)?
What were the 7 previous births of Brahmarishi Vasishtha?
Is the language of all the four Vedas similar or is there difference in language of the four Vedas too?
Is the Kaliyugada Kalpataru available online?
What is the language used by deities in their Yugas?
How many old scriptures i.e, original purana scripts are available besides Ramayana and Bhagavatam right now undamaged?
Who gave the flute (murali) to lord Krishna?
What are the characteristics of a human being?
How many people have written commentaries on Brahma Sutras?
Odd way of doing Antim Sanskar ?
Can bad Karma gained by misunderstanding?
Can evil eyes affect innocents?
What are all the reasons for which gods/Devas are depicted as fighting each other?
do temple deities acquire power from devotees?
What are the main theological differences between Hinduism and Jainism?
Death of a great grandmother from paternal side, and marriage of a great granddaughter (a female offspring)
Why is the Sanctum Sanctorum called Garbha Griha?
Did Lord Rama or Lord Krishna ever convince any Rakshasa?
What is the story about Shri Krishna lifting Govardhan Giri to save the villagers from heavy rain?
Why do Advaitins strive to realize Brahman if only Brahman exists?
Is Karma good or bad, dependent on intent or result?
Did Adi Shankaracharya steal ideas from Buddhist philosopher Nagarjuna?
How come Vyasa rejected Panchratra Agamas in Vedanta Sutras yet referred back to Bhagavad Gita which is also considered to be a Panchratra scripture?
Source of drushayate anen iti darshanam,
How do Hindus regard the Baphomet?
Was Laxman Kumara named after Lakshmana?
What was the name of Ashrama of sage Valmiki?
Where did Tantra originate?
Is there a list of corresponding hymns between the Rig and Sama Vedas?
Does praying to God help attain that which is not present in our destiny
Where can I get the Bhavishya Purana in PDF format?
which hindu sect's sectarian literature places itself having more authority than veda
Do Hindus think two Sikh clans are descended from Lava and Kusha?
Who was the Guru of lord Krishna?
Why are Tantras used in fierce ways? To whom they are unaffected?
Was Goswami Tulsidas a reconciler of Advaita and Vishishtadvaita?
What is the story of the King Nipata?
which traditions call god by derogatory terms to express love?
Is Lord Ganesha considered same as the ultimate truth and reality (Brahman)?
What do the scriptures say about inter-caste marriage?
How do I rectify swear (kasam) I took of my parents in anger?
Which hindu scriptures support the (modern) concept of manifesation
Who killed Sudama (son of Karna)?
If two kings perform a sacrifice which yields victory, and fight each other, who wins?
Were there any schools of Shaiva, Shakti, or Tantric philosophy that advocated human sacrifice?
Vedic Age and Hindu Timeline
Are Govinda Bhagavatpada and Maharishi Patanjali considered incarnations of Sheshnaga?
is "shastric evidence" acceptable for events that allegedly happened after India developed a historical tradition?
Why did Krishna give Garuda's brother legs in Thiruthangal?
how many different names of Karna are mentioned in Mahabharata?
Which scripture is the source of this mantra- "Achyutananda Govindaya Namaha"?
According to Shri Krishna, who can be trusted as our true friend?
if mantra is misspell (wrong pronunciation )then it will turn into bad effect?
Do Rigveda samhita mention himalyas and mount-kailasha?
What is the story and significance of Dashashwamedh Ghat?
Which scriptures describe Abhimanyu's marriage?
What is the story of the Lakshmi Narayana statue in Srivilliputhur?
How do Advaitins counter the rebuttal of Ramanujacharya on Advaita Vedanta in His commentary on Bhagavad Gita 2.12?
for gods that are worshiped in both north and south india are their faces depicted similarly in the two areas?
Goddess Parvathi hiding the sun
Is Advaita's Nirguna Brahman same as Madhyamaka's "emptiness of emptiness"?
Varaha Avatar and Swetha Varaha
How many sages are referred to in the badrayana vyasa's Brahma sutras?
Does God really exist or Its just psychological concept
Can I say my Dharma is Karma?
Where can I find the Gayatri mantra commonly used?
Do Hindu gods have an atman?
Where in Mahabharata is panini the grammarian mentioned?
What's that which make something insentient and other sentient?
Are any boons/curses issued in Rig Veda?
Clarification on Ramcharitmanas 6.61, 1.195, 1.190
Difference between meditation buzzing & Tinnitus?
Book recommendation for koormayoga
Do all Hindu schools of thought believe that bathing at holy places helps clear sins?
Can families that have been Vratyas for 3 generations or more perform the Vratyastoma ritual?
Is it mandatory to have Mantra Diksha to get moksha?
Does kirtana of lord's name erase the yet-unmanifested effects of sanchita karma?
What is the relation of Surya & Yama with Agni?
A few questions on homosexuality and hinduism
Can someone explain the philosophy of avibhagadvaita?
What is the actual relationship between Brahma and saraswati?
What is the difference between red-blue rudra and the karpur gauram shankar rudra?
Did Ramanuja or Shankara mention the sattvic-rajsic-tamasic purana dichotomy in their works?
How are trees sharing Indra's guilt?
What is the prayaschitta for chanting the Gayatri Mantra without initiation?
What is the story of son of Indra in the form of a crow was punished by lord Rama?
Navagraha & incense
How do Neo-Vedantists intepret Vedanta Sutras 1.3.38?
Do Vedanta Sutras contradict Vedas on whether mantras can be heard by Shudras?
Does rig-vedic Mitra occur in post rig-vedic works, especially epics and puranas?
Any good book about ayurveda?
If Brahma granted Vibhishana immortality then why did no Rakshasas consider him the king and leader?
What is the reason of reverberations in the mind?
Which rig Vedic verses are repeated in atharva Veda?
Why is the language of avesta and Vedas similar?
How can people overcome a Guru's curse?
What are the other ways of giving birth to children (or full-fledged adults) in Hindu scriptures?
Is Varaha worshiped mostly in South India?
Is there a scriptural statement anywhere elevating Rig Veda Samhita over the rest of Shruti?
Do 'stray thoughts' incur karma?
Shraddha Ritual - On Pindadaan and its offering locations
How can Lord rama consume meat without sacrificing it to the dieties first?
What is the distinction between yoga as Astika vs Nastika?
Who becomes a Brahmin?
Why do Brahmacharis who break the vow of celibacy need to sacrifice a donkey as atonement?
What are the differences among Hath Yoga vs Kriya Yoga vs Raja Yoga?
Which mantras of Krishna and Vishnu does not require initiation and does not have any rules to follow?
Are Trideva creator themselves or only corporeal of God(Ishwar)
Who are the parents of Lord Shiva?
why didn't rishis write down vedic verses as and when they were revealed to them?
What should we believe in- Karma or Fortune?
How many puranas are there and is there any full list mentioned in any of the scriptures
in which verse of gita, has krishna declared that he is shiva, vishnu, brahma, devi & supreme
According to Sri Ramakrishna and Swami Vivekananda, can multiple religions be followed at the same time?
Why does Sri Ramakrishna say that Saguna Brahman is real despite being an Advaitin?
Which scriptures declare the supremacy of devotees over God?
Who sees through the lens of mAyA?
Is devi lakshmi called wife of Lord vishnu in Rig Veda khillani sukta?
Hanuman Chest Writing
Are Lakshmi and Mahalakshmi different goddesses?
What reasoning does Chinna Jeeyar offer when he says Rama never worshiped Shiva in Ramayana?
What is the story of Shankchood? Was he an incarnation of Lord Vishnu?
Where did the notion that cows are sacred originate from?
Is Nirguna Brahman in Vishishtadvaita formless/impersonal?
Why do we worship Devas? Because they are immortal etc., ?
What is Samudra-manthan?
What is the procedure for Agnishtoma ritual that leads to Heaven?
Is there any clean procedure by mantra (Sudhhi Mantra) for Mala of Rudraksha?
If Kartavirya Arjuna could invade lanka and capture Ravana, without any help from a army (according to Vayu Puran) then why couldn't Rama do the same?
Is there mention of zoroaster or avesta in any of the puranas?
Why Devas are worshiped by humans? Where all are one Brahman?
Japa of 111 beads in Kaliyuga​?
What is the basis to say Rama didn't worship Shiva when his mother clearly did?
How do I meditate using Hindu scriptures?
Lord Shiva as Hatkeshwara in Hinduism scriptures?
does any scripture say valmiki's ramayana is the most authoritative among all Ramayanas?
Description of 7 bhumikas of Patañjala Yoga Sutras
Why Ganga-snan(bath in Ganga) remove all sin that you have done?
What is the Vedic/Puranik meaning of 'Graha' and 'Nakshatra'
Commentary on Vishnu Sahasranamam
Who are the Ātivāhikas who guide the soul to heaven or hell?
Who is nighasa? Was he a worshiper of lord shiva?
Is Shiva father of Devi Manasa/Bishahari?
Are there different recensions of valmiki ramayana?
Is this verse of mahabharata found in the BORI critical edition of Mahabharata?
Why Guru mantra is given in right ear?
Did Ramanuja comment on Brahma Vaivarta Purana?
Why is Uttara kanda of valmiki ramayana not repeated in retelling of ramayana in Mahabharata?
Return journey of Rama and sand Lingam at Rameswaram
What is Chidambara Rahasyam?
What is dharma for Mlecchas according to Hinduism?
Is there a Vedic yajna that can grant wishes?
What is the story of Pushkaravarta clouds that cause Pralaya?
Are patala and other "-tala" places different planets altogether?
What is the reason for metaphors relating to liquor being so frequently used in Hindu holy books?
Why did Vishnu need to incarnate as the son of Jamadagni to defeat Sahastrarjuna? Why not just kill him himself (using his true form)?
Source and location and authenticity of below mentioned verses about a weapon of Mahabaratha
What are days I can have an oil massage (abhyangana snana) on head or on body?
Are Yazidis of Iraq related to Hinduism?
Do scriptures record changes in the practice of Hinduism?
Did the influence of Jains reduce animal sacrifice in Hinduism?
Are rituals for worshipping shivlinga necessary to please Lord Shiva?
What does Krishna mean when he says falsehood may be uttered on the occasion of enjoying a woman?
Authentic text of Surya Siddhanta English Translation
Do any scriptures describe Hanuman to be an incarnation of Vayu?
Apart from living beings, does Paramatma exist in atoms of non living material world also?
Was/is there animal sacrifice at dakshineshwar?
Do scriptures talk about performing samskaras for non Hindus?
do Hindu scriptures talk about which relatives you may marry?
When was the expression "Sanatana Dharma" first used and what does it mean?
How are rishis not able to control anger despite doing meditation?
Are there ways to count tithis that differs from traditional astrology?
Which upanishad contains the laxmi gayatri mantra?
How many days Sutak should be followed by an unmarried granddaughter, on the death of grandfather's brother's wife?
What are all the Vishnu avatar from current Mahayuga according to scriptures?
does any scripture say worship must be in Sanskrit?
Was Satī (sahagamana) limited one particular varṇa (kṣatriya)? Was it also applicable to brāhmaṇa and other women?
What was the nakshatra and gotra of Ravana?
What's the meaning of Sūrya Maṇḍala Stōtram?
if Ghatotkacha had survived the war would he have been an heir to the throne?
Does Shaiva or Shakta Agama believe the Dashavatar of lord Vishnu
Did Vishnu ever use his mace Kaumodaki?
Is the naivedyam ritual mentioned in the Vedas?
Do all Vedic mantras start with "hari om"?
What do the Vedas say about caste?
Is Shiva Rahasya book authentic?
What is Holika Dahan timings?
Do any scriptures apart from the Brahmavaivarta Purana forbid sannyasa?
Ketu in 12th House
How did the powers of Gods change from Rig Veda to the puranas?
Are animals depicted as talking in Rig Veda outside of mandala X?
Some questions on Sri Vishnu ji ..
Under what guna is Maya categorised?
What is the difference: Tapas (तपस्) vs Yajna (यज्ञ)?
Do Hindu scriptures talk about how to handle conflicts between prescriptions in scripture and the secular law of the land?
Why did Hanuman not talk to Mandodari? How did he find out she is not Seetha?
Did Krishna interact with any foxes in Vrindavana?
Is meat eating outside of yajnas considered sin for Varnas like kshatriyas and sudras too?
Is there Vigyan Bhairav Tantra in Hindi available online?
According to advaita vedanta how can a formless entity/god do Lila?
Is the mind a product of maya?
Is meditation the only technique for self-realization?
Will Adi shakti be born again in the near future or has been born in past ? If yes ,then when ? What do we know about these incarnations?
Mentions of intercaste marriage in ManuSmriti or Manu Dharma
Mentions of the metal Mercury in Scriptures (other than in Ayurveda and Siddha and related books)
How could Satyaki have defeated Karna so many times?
Does the Vishishtadvaita school accept the Kaivalyopanishat? What is its status?
Do Sankhya and Yoga differ on number of Purushas?
Is there a known English translation or Commentary on the Agastya Shakti Sutras
What is the meaning of mAyA mentioned in the Rudram?
According to srimad bhagvatam and Vishnu purana is saguna brahman superior to nirguna brahman?
What to do with a damaged Bilva tree at home?
How & Why did Shukracharya become the guru of Daityas?
Is Sage Panini related to Panis?
On what grounds do Srivaishnava jeeyars retain sacred thread?
Is every atom of this universe a representation of Maha Vishnu?
Was Rama Avatar a result of four different curses?
Why didn't Bhishma choose to end his own life?
Is Mahabharat War plans available in online?
Does anyone know which chapter (of Mahabharatha) the story of Barbarika is mentioned?
What is the punishment for simply being an atheist and not committing blasphemy?
Do scriptures say anything about amalgamating practices of other religions into Hinduism?
Are there any Gods who are girls?
How did Tulukka Nachiyar become Ranganatha's consort at Srirangam temple?
Notions of Duality in Vedas/Puranas
Do hindu sects have doctrines as to whether or not other sects can provide liberation?
Is there a punishment in hell for people who are converted to other religions?
What's the source of the story that involves hijras (transgenders) and Rāma?
Which scriptures talk about avataras and kalas?
Why do Srivaishnavas not give shiva related names to their children?
What do the scriptures say about the eight generals of Lord Rama?
Why was Yudhishtira accompanied by a dog during the ending stages of his life?
Would Karna have become the heir to the throne if he survived the war?
Why is rebirth considered as a curse?
Chanting Devi Mahathyam (Durga Saptashati)
What is the location of Vaidyanath Jyotirlinga?
What is the story of Kameshwar Temple (Karon) ,Ballia?
What is the view of different dharma shastras on domestic violence against women?
Does this statement of Chinna jeeyar have a scriptural basis?
Is consuming food with left hand considered bad?
Does Siva say anywhere in the Ramayana that Rama is Vishnu or Brahman?
Did Lord Vishnu trick Tulasi into having sex with him in her previous birth?
Do the scriptures mandate that the devotee regularly visit a temple?
What are the different theories related to Ramayana?
Has Swami Vivekananda discussed regarding the refutation of Yoga Darshana in Vedanta Sutras?
What is the source of "thoughts": Mann(mind), Buddhi(intellect), Atma(the Self)?
How did Vishnu become Shaligrama Stone?
Does srimad bhagvatam and Vishnu puranas mention shaligram worship or tulasi-jalandhar myth?
What is the significance of reading Sundar KAnd daily at morning?
Why is the queen required to sleep next to the dead horse at the end of Aśvamedha Yajña?
Why Vishnu/Rama are called asuras in Vedas?
How is the mantra pronounced for Vishnu?
is the tradition of invoking Ganesa at the beginning of pujas and undertakings in real life known in North India also?
What do Sri Vaishnavas and Nimbarkites say regarding impersonal/formless/Nirakara Brahman?
Why are we under Maya and Avidya if we are Brahman?
Why is Holi not much known in Southern India?
Is this citation of Anthony De Mello correct?
Is Krishna's famous argument for the mahabharata war correct?
Is there any shloka against public display of affection for humans in Kaliyuga?
Is there evidence of Samudrika Shastra being used for selection of kings/spouses et al?
Where to find the full story of King Muchukunda?
Sect which holds only a particular hymns of Vedas as canonical, rest as not Then whether that sect is fully valid hindu/sanatani sect?
does any scripture say different castes should draw water from different wells?
is there a scriptural basis for using silver vessels to avoid caste/sub-caste ritual pollution?
What do you do during Brahma muhurta? What is your sadhana like?
How many verses are there in Sri TantrAloka?
Source of the Shloka Yad bhavam tad bhavathi
Under which circumstances physical punishment to wife is allowed?
Do the Vedas have 'commandments' similar to the bible? (E.g., does it forbid murder?)
What is story behind Shiva burnt kamadeva (Manmadha) to ashes?
Does Holi celebration have a link to the Narasimha avatar?
The importance of "Harichandra" for the human last funeral ceremony
Is there a reference to Muslims, Parsis and Christians in Hindu scripture?
Is Bhavishya Purana authentic?
Do Agama shastras say anything about how small/big temples can be?
Is Shiva depicted as fighting mounted on Nandi in his bull form?
Why did Shakuni refer Yudhishtira as older than him in age?
What is Vaijayanti Mala?
Was Kartavirya Arjuna cursed to be forgotten under the shadow of the Pandava prince Arjuna?
Are any of Vishnu and his avataras' great deeds not connected with war?
What are the instances where Lord Shiva was found laughing?
Does Vallabhacharya ever mention Chaitanya Mahaprabhu in any of his works?
Is it allowed to hug/touch the main idol at a temple?
Which scripture or literature describes Lord Shiva burnt the Tripuras(three cities) with smile only?
Was Acharya Abhinavgupta initiated in Vedanta as well?
Who would be most responsible for realigning my perception so that I can be more grateful?
In any of the works of Adi Shankaracharya is it mentioned that any deity apart from Sriman Narayana to be supreme/Saguna Brahman/Ishwara?
Did Adi Shankaracharya really believe in Hari-Hara abheda?
What does Shiva's third eye signify?
Do idols that receive worship in temples lose power over time and have to be re-energized?
What are the causes of losing prana-pratishtha in a deity?
Does the Matsya Purana forbid one to read Rajasika and Tamasika Puranas?
Who was the sage who asked his disciples to guard his wife while he was away?
What was the value of trillion during Mahabharata time as population of Yadavas is mentioned as 30 trillion+ in SB 10.90.42?
What are the 101 clans of Yadavas?
What are the different types of Shariras (bodies) and their Tatvas?
What is Paramahamsa Vishwananda's stance on homosexuality?
Manu 3.271 - Which translators/commentators interpret 'gavyena' as beef (cow meat)?
Why did all Uppandavas (Abhimanyu, Ghatotkach and all other children of Pandavas) die in the Kurukshetra war?
Are there traditions outside of South India of devotees merging with God and disappearing?
Why do Gods interact with just humans and not animals?
Why did they hit coconut on dead Jayendra Saraswathi's head?
How is Buddhism's "Shunyata" (void / Nothingness) interpreted in Hinduism to represent God?
Is Nandi's face depicted as Vānara in any scripture other than Vālmiki Rāmāyana?
What events in mahabharata can be explained only if Krishna was God?
What is the significance of applying chandan on forehead?
What does Krishna say in Bhagavad Gita about his relationships to the Tri-murtis?
Which scripture describes Lord Shiva as īśaḿ (ईशं) ? Is it one of the form of Lord Shiva?
Are pancharatra agamas followed outside the South (not counting Southern transplants)?
Was there an encounter between Ravana and Ikshvaku king Māndhātā?
What are the salient features of krama tradition of Kashmir Shaivism?
What are the principle texts/Scriptures of Trika or Kashmir Shaivism?
was Vishnu beheaded in Shatapatha Brahmana?
What did Rajneesh/Osho mean by "all enlightened beings are navel-centered"?
As Duryodhana's Senapati did Bhishma carry out treachery and/or dereliction of duty by commission and/or omission?
What was Swami Vivekananda's stance on animal sacrifices?
Does vaishnavism accept that Hari and Hara are the selves of each other?
How does Advaita interpret the devatas to the Isha Upanishad mantras?
Can advaita's nirguna brahman speak?
example of bhakt relation/love to God/Goddess,where God/Goddess is the feminine beloved/premika
Why does Adi shankaracharya think that self cannot perceive a relation between itself and avidya?
Is libido in men greater than women? Or is it the other way round?
Is Trika system mentioned in Shakta scriptures? What they say about it?
While praying, who are allowed to touch/caress "Shiva Linga", the sacred phallus?
Is the name Kabeer mentioned in the Vedas ? Is Kabeer Das a god According to the Vedas?
Why do some people see Sankhya as the highest truth?
Why is sage Krishna DvaipAyana known as Veda VyAsa & what is his relation with Beas river?
What is the Gita verse for "Worshipping demigods fulfils material desires, but for Moksha, one should worship Me."
Who are the seers of narayana suktam and sri rudram/shat rudriyam respectively?
Story where Puloman was killed by Indrani's future husband Indra?
How does Arya Samaj intepret Brihadaranyaka Upanishad 2.3.1?
Define marriage in Hinduism
English translation of Mahabharata
How safe it is to perform Das Mahavidya anushthanas or sadhanas?
What are some good modern interpretations of the Mahabharata?
What is the story of the one-eyed demon Kabandha in Ramayan?
What are the vedic references for swarga?
Is it necessary for devotees to have idols at home?
How is the ritual of Vratyastoma performed?
Does listening to Hanuman Chalisa every day give the same benefits as chanting the Hanuman Chalisa?
in Gita whether Krishna says that 'Gita is Krishna himself'
What does it feel like to be god-realized?
Vaisheshik does not consider Shabda as pramana, then how they hold veda as valid and reliable source for knowledge
How did Ashwatthama pray to and invoke Lord Shiva on the last night of the war?
What are the events when Lord Shiva and Lord Krishna met?
What is the story of Narad's birth to a maid?
Are there instances wherein a God/Goddess met his/her incarnation?
What are some of the famous patriotric hymns/verses about Bharatavarsha found in Hindu scriptures?
Why do we need to worship nirguna brahman?
Are Gods permitted to become non-vegetarians in their mortal form?
What mantra should students follow before any examination?
Can a kanyakubja brahmin and saryupareen brahmin marry? If not, why so?
Where do ramanuja and shankara quote the sutras from devata kanda sutras?
What is the difference between Avatar and Saint or Mahakshatriya?
Why would Lord Vishnu try to kill himself in the Narada Purana?
Can anyone who had food at annual pithru/bhathru ritual cermony function visit other person's house?
Which puranas/upapuranas mention about marriage between Brahma and Saraswati?
How and why was the first ever thought generated?
Which purana states the story of Neela Devi lending hair to Lord Vishnu for covering scar?
Does gender change during reincarnation in Hinduism?
Where is the next incarnation of Caitanya Mahaprabhu supposed to be born? And where is that written?
Do followers of Vivekananda now accept Darwin's Theory of Evolution?
Are Gandharvs related to Gandhar?
Can anyone recommend a great Rig Veda with transliteration?
What are the different names of Brahma as per scriptures?
Did Appayya Dikshitar believe in Hari-Hara abheda?
Is Ashwatthama still alive
How has Hinduism spread & existing in Russia?
Did Vinata have any doubts about the outcome of her bet with Kadru in the Mahabharata?
What are different symbolic representations behind lingam?
Death of persons by God
Is Atman really Brahman?
Are the Vedanta Sutras Smriti or Shruti?
What does Narada mean by when he says "those Asuras.......who sprang from Vishnu"?
What is the significance of Lord Ayyappa's sitting posture?
Where do Baudhyana dharma sutras mention Ganapati?
Why do some temples show Balarama as 8th avatar of vishnu
What are the four Quarters of Purusha as per Purusha Sukta?
Where in the Rigveda do I find the hyms dedicated to Brihaspati?
What is the story of revelation of Shiva sutras to sage Sri Vasugupta?
How to celebrate birthdays as per Panchanga if births had taken place in Adhika Masa?
Is there a stotra for worship of Brahma?
Which scripture mention about sexual relationships in heavenly lokas?
How can everybody attain Moksha if the new descendents are always born & certain Karma-s are always lingering?
What are the recommended remedies for childless couples who are eager?
Is the word "Mleccha" mentioned in the Vedas?
Where do the Puranas describe Krishna fighting suitors after marrying Nagnajiti?
Scriptural basis for importance of astrological predictions
Why did Gods ask Mucukunda to help and lead them in their battle?
Has any human ever consumed Amrit?
Which Vedic verses describe Saraswati as wife of Brahma?
Have any Hindu scholars/commentators touched on the topic of relationship between Brahma and saraswati?
What are the limitations of the Jivatma after death?
Where is the mention of Jain tirthankars in Yajurveda?
What is the difference between Veerashaivism and Lingayatism?
Using Om Tat Sat mantra in daily life
Is there any chapter/Scripture in Bhagavad Geeta that specifically talks about sutak (Death)
Is there any mention in the scriptures that every God has to have a temple of his/her own?
Are Gods punished for their mortal sins?
Do the scriptures support adapting to different times?
How was manu born according to Vedas?
Where is it written that Kshatriyas are eligible to eat meat?
What are some divine miracles that Basavanna supposedly performed?
What are some of the miracles asscoiated with Sripad Madhvacharya?
What are some of the miracles associated with Srikantha Sivacharya?
What are the guidelines on child adoption?
Sleeping Position - Avoiding Mirrors
Do women face problem in conceiving if she wears rudraksh, does rudraksh has negative effect for women?
Is the Purusha Suktam of the Yajurveda dedicated to Lord Aditya(Surya)
Why does Sankhya consider Prakriti as the root cause?
How far does the Swadhisthana chakra extend?
What is the difference between Swarga and Moksha?
Is Tulasi offered to Shiva?
Can people wear iron ring even when they already have good effect of Lord Shani in their lives?
Was there a resentment among the shishyas of Adi Shankara about writing a commentary on Shankara Bhashya?
Which scripture mention coronation of Rama on the very first day of Chaitra Navratri?
Why did Ghatotkach have to die in the Mahabharata?
'Whatever happens, happens for good, is this verse found In any scriptures?
What was Swami Vivekananda's opinion on the Mimamsa School?
Why did god create us even though he knew that we will partake in adharma?
Is "The Law Of attraction" found In Hindu Scriptures?
Do the Mimamsa Sutras of Jaimini and the Samkhya Sutras of Kapila explicity reject the existence of a creator?
Does Bhagwat Puran mention that Lord Krishna was born to annihilate Kshatriyas?
Is there any influence of time on Brahman?
Where Lord Shiva used to reside during the time when the Himalaya did not exist?
in which sect of hinduism manusmriti is canonical text?
Who prescribed sanjivani when Lakshmana became unconscious?
Which recension of Mahābhārata did K M Ganguli use for his translation?
What is non-Brahman said in Devi Atharvashirsha?
What is the principle behind Hindu deities having more than two hands and more than one head?
How did Bhishma Pitamaha know the Vishnu Sahasranama?
Why adharma rises after each avathar of lord vishnu?
वर्ष • (varṣ) according to ramayana
How did adharma begin?
What are the various etymological derivations for the word "Upanishad"?
History behind Mahishasura Mardini Stotram?
Which Hindu Scriptures contain post Mahabharata historical events?
What are the counter-arguments within Hinduism against the Satī (sahamaraṇa) system?
Did Lord Rama worship Devi Ambika?
What are the counter-arguments within Hinduism(scriptures) against the Birth based Varna and Caste system?
Where does this shloka appear in Mahabharata? "Janami dharmam na cha me pravrttih..."
How does the Karnataka's Lingayat community worship differently compared to other Shiva Linga devotees?
What is meaning of the word Mimamsa etymologically?
The battle between the gods and demons led by Tarakasur
When did untouchability start?
In which scriptures are found the rituals for Sannyasa initiation?
Who compiled Pandava Gita and what is the earliest reference to it?
Is there a difference between the concepts explained in Shandilya and Narada Bhakti Sutras
What is Vivekananda's / his disciples' / Ramakrishna Math's stance on homosexuality?
English translation of the Navagraha Kavacham?
Vedic management about finance
What should I read, Where should I start, and in What sequence - when reading Hindu religious books?
Are the three laws of motion (which is attributted to Sir Isaac Newton) really present in the Vaisheshika Sutras of Kanada?
What are the characteristics of kerala mAntrikam?
Have the nayanar shaiva saints of Tamil nadu wrote poems on lord shiva's sons?
What is the significance of wearing the namam on the forehead?
What was the incident of Sri Raamakrishna having the vision of god at maNikarNikA ghat?
What is the Swayamacharya lineage of Srimushnam Andavan?
What is "kaal sarpa dosha/yoga"? What are the solutions?
where in Shiva purana, it is mentioned that "Shiva" is formless God, and "Shankara" is the form which dwells in Mount Kailsha
Which scriptures contain information about Stri Rajya?
intolerance -- as per hindu scriptures, tolerance of the intolerant person or ideology is right action or not?
Why are the lives of Nakula and Sahadeva often neglected?
What is the concept of ritam as per the vedas?
What is the basis for the classification of scriptures as vyava harika pramanya and tattvika pramanya?
What is the story of Prahlada being slain by Indra?
From where did krishna chaitanya take sanyasa?
What events in Vālmīki Rāmāyaṇa can be explained only if Rāma was a God?
Why did krishna chaitanya criticise his own sanyasa sampradaya?
Smarta tradition comes under which darshan among the Shad Darshanas?
Did Vivekananda say "God does not create man in his image; man creates God in his image"?
Can we sleep while fasting on Ekadashi?
How many souls are there in our universe?
Where did sage Kapil reside?
What is the story of demoness who used to attract shadows and killed by Lord Hanuman?
Daily practice of a Kundalini yogi
How is the first choghadiya decided?
Any connection between Brahmastra and Brahmadanda?
A priest died inside the temple beside the valmiki sage idol
Is there any hindu sect which does not believe in rebirth?
Sri Rudram Laghunyasam
Death Time for Grandmother
What is the life story of Srimati ubhaya bhArati?
How does Swami Vivekananda intepret the Brahma Sutras' criticism of the Yoga school?
Etymology of Sringa
What is the use of chanting the sahasranamam everyday?
Daily rituals to be performed by a Sudra according to Hindu dharma
How did Chandra (moon) get a Rabbit Mark on it?
Is it stated explicitly anywhere in the Mahabharata that a progressively adharmic War made Ashwatthama a monster?
Marrying people born on new moon day (amāvāsyā)?
How does Dayananda Saraswati explain the Purusha Sukta of the Rigveda?
What are the similarities between Svabhavika Bhedabheda Vedanta and Advaita Vedanta philosophies?
Lord krishna is in tenth dimension
as per different sects/philosophies, what was the order of creation/projection for ex: say- nirguna brahman-> aum-> ishwara -> maya-> ..... ->manu
First four verses of each Vedas
Did the Ancient Indian Rishis keep Shikha?
What are the main texts of pAshupata shaivism?
Did Indra or Rama kill Trisiras?
Are there any references to domestication of cattle in Hindu scriptures?
When did Holi start being celebrated?
Where do I find this Advait (non dual) philosophical quote by Nammalvar?
Why are Alvars associated with Vishishtadvaita?
why are Nayanars associated with Shaiva Siddhanta?
What is the view of Vedanta sect on yoga and sankhya?
Who were the main disciples of Sri Lakulisha?
Why is it believed Brahma Sutras were written by Rishi Ved Vyasa?
How best to approach the Mahabharata?
What is the story of Manavala Mamunigal's ancestor Gomadathalwan?
The Varna system and capitalism
Is there a BORI critical edition of Rigveda available online?
Mentioning of firearms or cannons in Hinduism Scriptures?
Were Rama and Lakshmana the only humans who fought in the Ramayana war?
do Hindu scriptures say anywhere that one varna is higher or lower than another?
Did Ravana's boon of invulnerability include the trimurtis?
Detachment and non fruitful actions
Do shastras sanction displaying idols of Hindu Gods as landscaping?
Was Pillai Lokacharya a descendant of Ramanujacharya's sister?
What are Bhuvanas?
Which scriptures describe the 22nd Jain Tirthankara Neminath?
Have there been instances of rivalry between Brahmins and Kshatriyas?
Does any Hindu scripture say anything to the effect "all men (and women) are created equal in dignity and rights"?
On which day devi Parvati was born?
Is there any online translation of grhya and shrauta sutras?
What were the Buddha's agreements and disagreements with Hinduism?
Do scriptures define what a "sect" (सम्प्रदाय ) is?
Were there sacraments to convert non-arya and arya but non-kshatriya kings to kshatriyas?
What is the view of shankara vedantins on kundalini yoga?
Is "Personality of Godhead" a Hindu term?
How to assess the value of the teaching of Samkhya Karika?
Is there any definition for gods?
Can a Hindu eat with a non Hindu?
Did chekitana survive the Mahabharata war?
Who were the Vedic composers (qualitatively)?
Did Lord Rama win as a king but fail as a husband? Why or why not?
Is there a concept of "Satan" in Hinduism?
Does the pumsavana seemanta ritual pray for a male child?
Does the body parts of Devi Sati get cremated?
How Nachiketa got the Enlightenment by the lord Yamaraj?
VirAja Homa Mantra of Maha Narayana Upanishad
In the marriage function the couples to see the sky for vashistar and arundathi stars?
What is the meaning of penance?
Which gods do Vaishnavites believe are only positions attained by Jivas due to Karmaphala?
Are there contemporaneous or near-contemporaneous accounts of the embalming of Ramanuja's body?
A question about kāla
Among castes eligible to wear yagnopavitam, do different castes/sub-castes wear different kinds of Yagyopavitam?
What is the story of Panduranga and is he an incarnation of Lord Vishnu or devotee?
What is Hinduism's stand on "circumcision"?
Names of 33 Gods and their Jobs (including goddesses)?
Do Agama shastras prescribe rules regarding parivara-devatas?
Do scriptures allow embalmmemt as an alternative to dispose of Hindu dead bodies?
Which of Vishnu's incarnations have been declared supreme at least in one scripture?
Does the narrator of Ramayana appear in Ramayana?
Does any work say 'Vishnuraham' - I am Vishnu like there is 'Shivoham' - I am Shiva?
Do scriptures prescribe what dues must be paid to the dead?
What is Hinduism's view on veganism?
Did Valmiki address Rama as the the supreme being when he spoke to him personally in the Uttara Kanda?
What is the true meaning of the shlok Dharmo Rakshati Rakshitah?
Third eye of Lord Narasimha
What are the arguments of vedanta sutras against pAshupata sect?
How our great Maharishis did a concentration lots of time?
What is positive thinking? How is it developed?
Non fruitful actions
Do ISKCON versions of Hindu scriptures qualify as Hindu scripture?
Are/were there Hindu sects whose sectarian practices include martial arts?
Different souls part of same Supreme soul?
Are there temples where Vishwaksena is the main deity?
Do any sects other than Sri-Vaishnavas worship Viswaksena?
Did Bhima kill the Vikarna(brother of Duryodhana) in the battle of Kurukshetra or not?
Where did Ramanujacharya's statue of Varadaraja come from?
Is K.M. Ganguli's translation of the Anu Gita in line with other Mahabharata translators?
Are devas stars?
Do stars come back to the exact same positions after completion of the axial precession cycle?
Is nampaduvan's oath based on scripture?
What is the story of maga zarasabdha in bhavishya purana?
Is capital punishment allowed in hinduism for abuse?
What are signs of mantra siddhi?
What word from Hindu scripture translates to "demi-god"?
Does ISKCON consider itself an Astika Sampradaya?
what is the background behind the killing of Sisupala?
Does scripture say that widows are inauspicious?
Does Drona also tell Pandavas how to kill him?
Why did Lord Krishna stay at Vidura's house instead of Duryodhana's house when he had gone for an alliance with Kauravas?
Is there any connection between Vishnu and Rudra in Rigveda?
When Bhairava destroyed the creation of Brahman mere with the great laughter?
Where does Vaduga Nambi call two other shishyas of Ramanujacharya double-minded?
What is the life story and miracles associated with kanakadasa?
Does Krishna claim identity with Vishnu as supreme being in Bhagavad Gita?
Whom & how to worship to develop fearless or fierce instincts?
Are there any influences of other religion on Hinduism?
Lalita hridaya with English meaning
If all my sufferings are due to my previous life's karma I did, then what is the evidence that in my previous life I did bad karma?
Where does Krishna criticize Arjuna's indifference to Draupadi's disrobing?
What scriptures describe a Gopi dying upon hearing Krishna's flute?
In which scripture does Hanuman fight with Balarama?
Does the 48 day mandala vratam of Ayyappa devotees have a scriptural basis?
Is the notion that the supreme being doesn't touch material energy a Hindu one?
Bharanyasam versus samashrayanam - dos and donts
Is the "Ishanya" direction connected with Siva?
Is any weapon worshiped besides Sudarsana Chakra?
Were/are there Hindu schools of thought that don't believe in Karma?
How many sampradaya are there of lord ram?
Why did Lord Hanuman stop the path of Bhima during the exile of Pandavas in Mahabharata?
Is Soma Really a drink Or a Metaphor For Vedic Immortality?
Who Given Weapons to Gods?
What is the current status of Gaudiya Math?
Is it permissible to deny the authority of Manusmriti?
Were the harsher punishments laid out in smṛtis actually carried out or they merely served as a deterrent?
In which scripture do Aditi and Diti occur the earliest?
Do any sects that do not subscribe to advaita believe in the concept of Maya?
Is there a scriptural basis for Out-of-India hypothesis?
Is Kaal Bhairava Ashtakam inauthentic work of Adi Shankar?
in yoga , Isvara(God) has been defined as पुरुषविशेष(SpecialSelf). What does that mean- Is it creator God or not?
How many years did Pandavas rule the Hastinapur after winning the battle of Kurukshetra?
Can a Brahmin shave off his mustache on his daughter's engagement,or marriage?
What are the 28 yugas of Lord Vitthala?
What does it mean when it's said that an entire Vedic Sukta was revealed to the Saptarishis?
How does Swami Vivekananda's psychological theory of Varna interpret Gita verses 4.13, 18.41-47?
Which hindu sects, if any, don't accept the following well-known upanishadic mahavakyas?
Are there finer classifications than the 4-varna/guna classification in scripture?
Who are the Kimkaras?
What is the oldest text on Gandharva Veda?
Is there any explicit writing by Swami Vivekananda on his psychological theory of Varna?
Is there any shloka in scriptures, which says "justice for all"
Why did Aadi Shankaracharya accept the Sanyasashram in his childhood?
Are there any references for claims that "purush sukta in Rigveda" is an interpolation?
Did Samba participate in Mahabharata war against lord Krishna's wishes?
How to identify the person who asks for Dana deserve or not?
Other than ISKCON, who are Vaishnavites?
What are the best authoritative articles on mantra shashtra online?
Are Gods present in Materialistic form?
Was the boar killed by Lord Indra in Brahmanas same as Lord Varaha?
Is the Arthashastra of Chanakya same as the Upa Veda Arthashastra?
Which scripture claims to be essence of all Aranyakas?
Why is Lakshmana not considered an incarnation of Vishnu?
What are the significances of various ornaments worn by a wife after marriage?
In which section of the Brahmanda Purana, is the advent of Swaminarayan supposedly predicted?
What is the main reason behind praying to animals like mice, monkeys and cows?
If Hinduism is not the same as Sanatana Dharma, in what way are they different?
Reference for "Dayanand Saraswati rejected Brahmanas (of Vedas) and Aranyakas (of Vedas) and Upanishads"
What is the benefit of attending Kumbh Mela?
Is Mahamaham connected with kumbh mela?
what is the religious significance of the nine yards saree?
Is Brahmo Samaj still functional?
Are the ancient commentator Dramidacharya's descendants Sri Vaishnavas?
Is there any verse or historical evidence suggesting that manusmriti is more authoritative than other smritis?
Are the upanishads later to the puranas?
Why did Lord Balarama not took a participation at any side of in the Kurukshetra Battle in Mahabharata?
What was the debate where Ramanandi tradition defeated Ramanuja tradition in 1921 Ujjain Kumbh mela?
Why should we conduct a yajna according to the Mimamsa Sutra?
Which scriptures talk about Kalachakra?
Do any non-vaishnavite scriptures say well-known Gods are only positions attained by Jivas?
Which scripture says Parvati is Vishnu's sister?
Do any Vaishnavite Puranas glorify Siva in places?
In which verse of Shukla YajurVeda is Om Namah Shivaya mantra present?
Is the daughter of Brahma in shatpatha brahmana Sandhya the nymph or saraswati?
Did Vishnu become Bali's doorkeeper?
Who else besides Vishnu achieves the "paramam padam" in Rig Veda?
Why did Yudhishthira claim Karna never fled from the battlefield when Karna has fled from the battlefield multiple times?
Whether Chhaya Sita / Maya sita is mentioned in valmiki ramayan or in which scripture first?
Which shloka of which mandala of Rigveda - are part of Rigvedic "samhita"?
Is the Parashurama avatara still active?
Does Kunti pray to Krishna to always give her troubles so that she would always remember him?
What is the story of chokha mela?
Is the notion of "Godhead" opposed to Vaishnavite theology?
In which scripture (if any) is Krishna called "ranchor"?
What is mahAnubhAv panth?
Are any Hindu scriptures in Pali?
Is there any mention of the Mahamrityunjay Mantra in the Puranas?
Are there any half-man half-beast creatures in Rig Veda?
How does Sonadanda's characterization of a Brahmin agree or disagree with other definitions in scripture?
How long did Bhishma live, after He fell asleep in the arrow in Mahabharata?
Did the armies in Ramayana and Mahabharata have medical corps?
How do I prove casteism is not an inherent part of Hinduism?
Are there sects that explicitly deny caste/varna/jati and do not practice it in real life?
Reference of Pancha Bhoota inside human Body according to Hindu Scriptures
Do Agama Shastras talk about materials that can be used for making idols?
Pancha Navaratri
How many ways are there to realize self?
Gods and demons (Indra and Diti)
when is the first unequivocal reference to Narasimha, the avatara of Vishnu?
Did Vishnu carry out incarnations because of Bhrigu's curse?
Is the mahamrityunjaya mantra the same mantra given by Shiva to Shukracharya to revive the dead?
Shankaracharya installed sri chakra in which temples?
Are the scriptures aware of the existence of other religions in Kali Yuga?
What is the exact motive of the "yagya" which is done by Rishi-munis?
Can vairagya (dispassion) and mudita(gladness) co-exist?
Tarpana mantras and their literal meaning word by word
Did Lord Rama recite Hanuman Kavacham before fighting Ravana?
Did anyone receive boons from Vishnu and turned out to be bad and had to be punished by other Gods?
Did Ajamila go to swarga or attain moksha?
According to guṇa-based varṇa system, can a Christian or Muslim be also a brāhmaṇa, kṣatriya, etc?
What are some popular names of Vishnu which are also the names of Shiva in the Shiva Sahasranama?
According to guṇa-based varṇa system, at what age can one be certified a brāhmaṇa, kṣatriya, etc?
What are the rituals to be performed for a dead kitten at our house?
Does the state of Moksha differ for different sects?
Stotra for improving self-confidence, self esteem and overcoming anxitey
Which Vaishnavite sects claim all Gods in Rig Veda refer ultimately to Vishnu and what are their arguments?
What are some well known personalities who belonged to multiple sects simultaneously?
If I consider only Isha upanishad as infallible canonical pramana , and none others; then i am scripturally valid hindu/sanatani or not?
Are buffaloes sacred?
Is there is difference between 'upanishad embedded' and 'upanishad attached'?
Are there cities / kingdoms that occur in both Ramayana and Mahabharata?
Do all vaishnavite sects impose diet restrictions?
Does Rig Veda declare Gods to be immortal?
Why did Lord Rama perform an Ashwamedha Yajna?
Which scripture mentions Lord Parshurama was born on Akshaya Tritiya?
What are the dwelling places of Sri Lakshmi Devi?
What is the beeja mantra for kuber?
How did Saraswati end up as "wife" of Brahma?
Does the word "Brahman" occur in the Rig Veda to denote the impersonal supreme principle?
Relation of Rahu in 12th house and Liberation/Moksha
Why did Shree Krishna have 16108 wives if Kshatriyas are only eligible to take a maximum of three wives?
Which work of Basavanna contains this statement?
Which text deals with shulini durga?
Sub-castes within lingayatism?
Does Kundalini Shakti once awakened cures all major disorders of mind and body?
Why everyone give importance to one's own duties?
Are there deities worshiped today who do not appear in any canonical scriptures?
Who is considered Hindu?
Has Siva spoken in favor of the varnashrama system?
Is untouchability discussed in the Vedas?
Astrological signs and śūdra-like nature
Did Lava and Kusha found cities in Pakistan?
How should a devotee respond to bigotry towards his or her ishta?
Is the story of vamana's promise to aditi found in Vedas?
Is taking Ganga's name at the time of death another way to attain liberation from rebirth?
Will non-vegetarians won't get liberation?
Do Vedas mention the various people holding the title of Manu?
What was said by swami Vivekananda about Hinduism in Chicago Speech?
Menstruation myth in Hindu culture
Are enlightened beings necessarily omniscient?
Are Brahma, Hiranyagarbha, Prajapati and Manu manifestations of the same God?
Where is Sri Rudram Hymn present in the Vedas? I know it's in Krishna YajurVeda. Is it present In Shukula YajurVeda also?
In which all scriptures Om Namah Shivaya mantra is present?
Tonsuring story of Neela Devi giving her hair to Lord Vishnu
Is hiding one's caste a punishable offense?
Where can one learn Chandas through english?
Is it true that lord Vishnu gave his own eye to lord Shiva?
What is the prakAra-prakAri (attribute-substance) relationship between Brahman and Jiva in Vishishtadvaita?
Do scriptures say how to detect someone claimimg a false varna identity?
What is the meaning of Ramayana?
Why is lord Vishnu taking many avatars while Parashurama is presnt?
What are the symbolisms associated with the fingers of the hands?
Did Sri Ramanuja convert atheists?
Did the Rig Vedic Aryas consider any tribes friendly?
Does the concept of enlightenment apply to sects which only believe in Bhakti?
Did anyone besides Vishnu or Krishna use a Chakra as a weapon?
How was lord Krishna born?
How many sons did Ravana have?
Does God really care about us?
How many Gods are there according to Vedas? Also, give me the characteristics of God by which the Uniqueness of God is established
Why was Vedanta Desikan's other uncle initiated by Pillai Lokacharya's father?
Can someone provide non-ISKCON online resources for Krishna-related scriptures?
what is the meaning of Sage?
Does Vishnu's Padma or Lotus flower have a name?
What is MANN and whom we say I (main).
How many days Lord Krishna stayed at Sandipani's ashram?
Does any principal upanishad advocate devotion to a personal God?
Which is the earliest scripture to describe physical attributes of Vishnu?
Were horses killed in the ashvamedh performed by Lord rama?
Does this parable of Ramakrishna Paramahamsa have a scriptural basis?
When was the last interaction between Pandavas and Krishna?
Is there any connection between lakshmi-narsimha and sri chakra
What parts of Krishna's life do Bhagavatam, Mahabharata and Hari Vamsa cover?
Does Manusmriti go against Vedas?
Did Krishna show evidence of being God in the Mahabharata after the war was over?
Was Shiva a minor god during Vedic times?
Is the concept of sin (papa) developed in Rig Veda?
Are different parts of the human body considered more/less auspicious?
What is Mindedness(chitt ekaagrata) based on Hinduism?
Searching for Brahmopanishad
when is the Trimurti referred to first?
Why did lord Shiva defeat Arjuna in Mahabharata?
What is the story of Vishwakarma creating the Saunanda mace used by Balrama?
How can Purusha be God when he was sacrificed to bring about creation?
How king Janaka attained perfection through karma-yoga?
Is Akshata used in North India?
Is the North Indian custom of the bride kicking over a pot of rice on first entering the in-laws' house based on scripture?
Which scripture talks about Vidhata Purush?
Siva sankalpa mantra meanings
Asthi visarjan of one's father when one's mother is alive
Can the time lapsed from Ramayana to Mahabharata be inferred from scriptures?
Are BG 8.23 - 8.26 interpolations?
What requirements (if any) of being a Hindu apply to Sannyasis?
Shaivism or Shivaism?
What was the reason behind the clash between Vashishtha and Vishwamitra?
Who is the Lord of Obstacles - Vighnaraj?
Why Ashvatthama tried to kill Pareekshit while he was in the womb of his mother?
What is `Kashmir Series of texts and studies`?
Cause of Evil, as per Theistic Vedanta?
Is the notion of Bhishma preferring Arjuna's bed of arrows to pillows brought in by Duryodhana authentic?
Does Srimad Bhagawatam make use of Alwar poetry?
Can Sanyasa be given to non-Hindus?
Are Hindu scriptures pro- or anti-dowry?
What scriptures describe Shiva discussing selling salt in the Banasura story?
Do some people have more Grace of God and some have less?
What is the story of Devakulya who was transformed into Ganga?
What is the difference between Jijnashu and Jnani Bhaktas mentioned in Bhagavad Gita?
What is the origin of Ganga?
Was the Vedic commentator Sayana a Vaishnava?
Which scripture does Pillai Lokacharya reference in which Shiva enjoins his devotees to offer human sacrifice?
Can we make every Ekadashi fast as Nirjalaa ekadashi?
Which scriptures mention Siva beheading Brahma?
Do Gods inherit sins committed by their avataras?
Can the list of Divyadesams be added to or subtracted from?
Were Periyalwar and Andal reborn as cowherds?
Which schools prior to the Gautam Buddha gave the finite size of the atma (आत्मा )?
What is full story of shravan kumar?
What is the meaning of Narayana?
What is Prashtantrayi?
What is the story of Vishnu incarnating as a mango tree in the Dandaka forest?
What is the geneology of Krishna Dvaipayana Vyasa?
What are the five kind of offerings and vedic hymns Srimad Bhagavatham is referring to?
How shall a foreigner develop their practice of Sanātana Dharma?
Are Shiva & Vishnu etymologically connected?
What do scriptures say about Lake Manasarovar?
Is the verse about Rāmāyaṇa containing 24,000 ślokas present in the critical edition?
When Narasimha swamy incarnated? on Trayodashi or Chaturdasi day?
Which scripture has the story of the prostitute and the Sannyasi?
Is there any constraint on the size of Vastu-purusha for Vastu Shanti?
What translations of Rig Veda (preferably into English) other than Griffith's are online?
Where do the Brahma Sutras say number is not a quality?
Is it a sin to alter or tamper with scriptures?
Which are the seven rivers of the Saptasindhu?
Can anyone please provide me the procedure for Narasimha Puja, in English? (Not Lakshmi Narasimha)
What is the meaning of "Aum"?
How nature is able to know the coming dangers?
Can Sandhyavandanam be performed on grandparent's tavasam day?
If Ramayana is much older than Mahabharata, then why don't we find any character in Mahabharata discussing Lord Rama or worshipping him?
Is Narasimha versus Hiranyakashipu divine retribution versus human rage?
How regional is Hinduism?
Why are parts of Rig Veda repeated in the other Vedas?
What are the Scriptural Recitals During Shukravara Chandramaulishwara Puja?
Is Naath Sampradaya on the verge of extinction?
How did Hastinapuri empire collapse?
Danu is the predecessor of the race of Danavas (demons)
Should one give up Moha?
Origin of the name of Lord Balaji
Was Krishna himself a stithpragya purusha?
Short vedic mantras to thank surya, vaayu, prithvi, aakash, agni and jal?
Is there any Hindu spiritual principle that causes many Hindus to oppose the Aryan Migration Theory?
Who was Ved-Vyasa?
Does the word for tonsure "neelalu" come from the legend about "Neela Devi" giving her hair to Lord Vishnu?
Should śiṣya (disciple) blindly believe whatever the guru says? How should he resolve his cognitive dissonance?
What are the legends of Narasih Mehta?
Did Krishna warn Bhishma not to interrupt any actions of Kauravas and Pandavas during the game of dice?
How to worship Dvārapāla?
Why did Duryodhan go to heaven?
What are benefits of samvada sookta?
Who should perform shraddha/funeral ceremony of a married women whose husband is still alive
Shall we name our girl children after the name of rivers?
Why do we need to do Three time praying(trikal sandhya)
Why did Ganga kill seven sons immediately after birth? What is the reason behind this?
What is the difference between Yaksha & Gandharvas?
Where do I find Jnanagarbha stotra?
What mantras are given in Vinayaka samhita of sama Veda?
Sayan Panchangam based solely on movement of Sun
Sahadeva knew future events in Mahabharata. How many times did he use this knowledge in Mahabharata?
Did Krishna stay in touch with Pandavas after the war?
Why did Veda vyasa use agni mantras of rigveda for Durga suktam?
How exactly did Swami Vivekananda die?
How various 'Kavach Stotras' from Hindu Puranas can protect women from suffering molestation and other severe crimes?
How can we identify a self realized person?
What texts/books deal with Hindu demonology?
Parting gifts given by temple
Was Ramakrishna Paramhansa an avatar of Vishnu?
What is the Vedic concept of universe creation?
if there is difference of opinion between purana and gita and dharmashashtras(like: manusmriti etc), which will take more precedence?
Is Shiva gita same as Ishvara Gita?
Is it ok to paint Hindu deities even though you are another faith
How can agama be treated as shruti?
What are steps for following gyan yoga or gyan marga?
What are the main differences between different subsects of shaivism?
Why should a girl leave her home after marriage?
Why did Bhishma go to bring Amba, Ambika and Ambalika from Kashi without the invitation of Hastinapura in swayamvar?
Who is narada muni and who is father and mother of narada muni ?
Astrology for only normal humans not for disabled persons and animals in the earth
Are leather products forbidden in fasts?
Guidance to read and understand Hinduism
Is it true that God himself came to saint Ekanatha's house to do his work?
What led Bhishma Pitamah to arrow bed in Mahabharat battle?
What is the position of Women in the Vedic era?
Please identify temple in this photo
Is Duryodhana awarded as leader of Rakshashas by Lord Shiva?
What chapters of Mahabharata deal with Dharma?
What is the Guru Parampara of Suddhadvaita?
What was the story behind the Wealth rain(dhan varsha) of Kuber?
Which Hindu scriptures discuss the Sati practice?
When to start tarpanam
Is there a meditation on nimitta or animitta?
Where was Yudhisthira's Rajasuya?
What does Lord Shiva mean when he says there are 5 gurus in Vaishnava tradition?
Why did Shri Krishna vow not to take weapons in hand during the Mahabharata war?
What are the steps for following Bhakti Yoga?
Any particular god or goddess for sports?
Whats the chanting benefits difference between shuddha pandashi, saubhagya panchdashi, laghu shodashi and mahashodashi?
What was the chat between Lord Krishna and Arjuna in Kurukshetra when Yudhishthira insulted Arjuna's Gandiva?
Do all species have soul?
Do scriptures specify how animals should be killed during the sacrifice?
Which mantra in sri vidya school is most suitable for manifesting wealth?
Do farmers have the right to kill pests?
Do different forms of life have different value?
Karna in Kurukshetra war with Arjuna
What are the age limits for an Agamic initiation? Can a very old person be initiated as well?
What is the story of Satyaki?
What is the story of Saindhava trying to Kidnap Draupadi Matha?
What is the story of Kichak and Draupadi?
What is the consequence of performing deity worship using stale flowers?
How exactly do we define devotion?
What is the actual birthplace of Sita ji according to scriptures?
Are idols only imagination or someone had really seen God(s)
Scriptural reference to say Lord Vishnu and Parvati devi are same
Which Ocean did samudra manthan took place in?
What is the story of Shakambari devi?
Names of Brahmavadinis in our puranas and vedas
Why is Surya referred to as Martanda?
Does anybody have the complete Sanskrit version of Jayatirtha's Padyamala?
Did people in Mahabharat era worshipped Lord Ram?
Is Goddess Mahakali stated to be superior to Lord Vishnu in Sruti?
What remedies are mentioned for a Dwija missing Trikala sandhya vandanam?
Where in Padma Purana the following verse about parampara is located?
Please, can anyone give me the exact source of ṛte jñānānna muktih?
What is the source for the famous conversation between Adi Shankara and Chandala
What are the differences in teachings between Yoga Vasista, Ashtavakra Gita, and Vivekachudamani?
What is the story behind the famous Shiva linga of Amarnath, India?
What is about in book Bhamati?
Is this life cycle never ending one?
Karmic result of a gay man marrying a straight woman fraudulently
What is the dharma behind Lord Vishnu in killing of sage Bhrigu's wife?
According to scriptures, how Bana lingas are formed in Narmada river bed?
one possible meaning of name Ramchandra?
When you see snake in your dream?
How can one save Sanatana Dharma?
Is underage sex for pleasure considered bad?
What are steps for following karma yoga (in all aspects of life)?
What is the meaning of Karni Mata's description as a woman with a head in her hand?
Is Panduranga the name of Lord Shiva?
What is the story of the first Acharya of Ramanujacharya's Matham in Melkote?
How can I find and purchase the Vedas in original Sanskrit?
Who is the guru/master for an astrology/prasangam in hinduism/puranas on earth
What is the meaning of "san/sam" in Sanskrit?
Donating money or food to beggars, and its karmic results
In which book the story of Adi Shankara entering the king's body is mentioned first?
What is the lineage of kings in Bharata after Mahabharata war until recent day?
What is the story of Lord Krishna's Panchajanya conch?
How to find defect in a Shiva linga or a Vigraham or a Shaligram
How many rebirths does a soul go through?
Is there any mention of Amrit falling at different places after quarrel between Dev and Daityas
Was Ravana not able to lift Pinaka aka 'The Shiva Dhanush'?
Is Rajo guna the reason for allowing kings to have multiple wives?
The Oracle said that the eighth son of Devaki would kill Kansa, then why did he kill seven sons?
Why did Pundalika order Lord Krishna to stand on the stone?
What does hinduism says about saving money
Can dharma śāstras be suspended during emergencies?
Which scripture was first to identify Buddha as an avatar of Lord Vishnu?
Sita's reply to Maha Sati Anasuya-Advice on Stri-Dharma
What is the punishment for watching porn
Was there any fight between Bheeshma and Lord Hanuman being mentioned anywhere in Mahabharata?
Gayatri mantras of Sri Vishnu's weapons
Does Hinduism allow siblings to have their marriages at the same time?
How to thank god in sanskrit/hindi in Sanatan Dharm?
Is a neutral person in a religious war equal to enemy, according to GITA?
Why Bhishma wrote Vishnu Sahasranama stotram?
Why Sita had ornaments with her during her stay in Exile
Will my present identity as Dheeraj survive after Moksha?
What are Manda Bhakti, Madyama Bhakti and Uttama Bhakti?
Does a men wishing a goddess as his wife is a sin?
Are husband and wife, associated/affected by each others' sins?
Where is the bridge that was built between Sri Lanka and India in the epic Ramayana?
Where do purva and Uttara mimamsa sutras claim that Vedas are eternal?
How was Pandava deceit sanctioned?
Was Śatānanda the son of Gautama or Indra?
What did humans do that Brahma took away their divinity?
Is "Vishishtadvaita" a scriptural term? Is there any instance where it is used in scriptures?
Is there any God/Deity of Electricity?
Where in scriptures it is written that those who die in Varanasi will never return to this material world?
Did Sri Krishna show His universal form in Dhritarashtra's court?
What does Hinduism say on Evolution and inception of mankind?
How do gods decide when to incarnate and when to assume a human form bypassing the birthing process?
What is Ahalyā's birth name?
Is the 6th section/Putramantha Brahmana of Brihadaranyaka Upanishad shruti?
Why did Sita go to the forest with Rama?
Is years in all eras(yugas) calculation related to any increment of sins on earth?
Who is the headless god in this picture?
Did Krishna get defeated in any war during his lifetime?
What is the military count of the army mentioned in devI mahaAtmayam?
Is Sati meeting with Rama a form of time travel?
What types of [non-intimate] friendly touches are allowed with other women?
Who finally had Pushpak Viman in the end?
Which mantras should be chanted for Agnihotra more than aahuti?
Swa-dharma of Sri Rama and queen Kaikeyi's boons
Source of the Sanskrit shloka- Om Sarva Mangala Mangalye
Can Brahmin be a teacher on any other topics other than Vedas
What's the correct translation for this sloka which is used for Ghanta Puja
Information on list of Sri Vishnu's weapons requested
Does Kalpa coincide with age of Sun?
Why we are not allowed to touch anything after having haircut?
Can we tell meaning of mantras in other languages instead of Sanskrit in Homam,Sandhyavandhanam,etc?
VASTU for newly constructed flat
What is the purpose of paada pooja and paada saranam of the elders and what are its advantages?
Reason for no female incarnations without accompanying male gods?
Significance of Karnavedha?
Is dhrishti discussed any time in hinduism?
Who coined the term 'Jambudvipa' and 'Bharat' for India as a country?
Who are the parents of lord Sai Baba?
Why kANsya(Brass/Bronze) is prohibited in ghanta(bell) pooja?
What are duties and goals of a Brahmin and how should he behave?
Is it true that the next life depends on our thoughts while dying?
Which scripture contains the story of Lord Venkateswara?
Is the verse about Indra forcing himself upon Ahalyā present in the Critical Edition of Rāmāyaṇa?
Why is Sai Baba worshipped on Thursdays in particular
Worshipping Lord Sharabha in Tantra
If some of the early Alwars used to consider Venkateswara as Shiva and Vishnu both then what's the proof of it?
Is Shiva lingam mentioned in Vedas?
Which characters of Vālmīki Rāmāyaṇa are also mentioned in the Vedas?
Which characters of Mahābhārata are also mentioned in the Vedas?
Linguistic connection between Rudra and Marudgaṇa
Is Sai Baba an incarnation? If so, of Shiva, Vishnu or Rama?
What does "Om Sai Ram" mean?
Is Sai Baba a Hindu lord or a Muslim?
What is Gaṇeśa's birth name?
Who are the Havirdhanas mentioned in RIgveda?
How concept of Moksha and Amar (Immortality) can exists together?
Who is Gajasura whose head is attached to Lord Ganesha?
From where the lyrics is taken for the following song? Shri Radhe Sharanam Mamah
Was there a process of impeachment if a king was found to be in violation of dharma?
When did Vishnu destroy trident of Shiva?
Does yajur Veda samhita also use asura in positive context?
Source of Sanskrit shloka - Yadetaddhṛdayaṃ Tava Tadastu Hṛdayaṃ Mama
Significance of weapons in Vishnu's Chaturvyuha avatars
Vedanta and Kundalini
Was Seeta ji born as a blessing from Shiva?
How can Wind, Sun and Fire be living beings?
Where can I read Vijnanabhiksu's commentary on Yoga Sutras?
What are the key responsibilities of a Hindu?
Is Om namah shivaya mantra in Atharva Veda , SamaVeda or RigVeda?
Is sexual activity by *devadasi* sanctioned in Hinduism?
What scripture descibes the story of Goddess Kalikrishna?
How is the all pervading God said to reside in the Daharakasha?
Are Brahmins allowed to cross the sea (means foreign countries like America,Australia,etc)?
In the Gita, the Lord said the soul does nothing. Then who does?
Can one worship Lord Shiva after smoking weed?
Why is Indra known as Vaikuntha in some Rigvedic verses?
Is there any stotra for worship of Nagaraja (Adishesha or Vasuki)?
In which war of devas and asuras did Yaduvamsis participate?
What is the oldest scripture which explains how a temple should be built?
What was the name of the Sage in the story narrated by Sita?
How do gods/devatas procreate?
Which is pronouncement of Lord mentioned in Vivekachudamani?
Why the act of accepting gifts at sacred places (Tirthas) is considered a bad Karma?
What is Hinduism's view of marital rape?
Who records Karma of all living beings?
Which text describes 16th secret syllable of sri vidya?
Is Sanskrit a normal Language or It is a must to know language to reach god?
What are the details of Karna’s fight with king Jarasandha?
Why Nirjala Ekadashi is also known as Bhima Ekadashi?
Did saraswati/savitri slay vritra or vetra according to rigveda?
English or Telugu translation of Narasimha Purana
What are some of the good and bad omens?
Which goddess (Ishta devi/Kula devi) sits legs folded & holding shiva linga?
Any online link for sri vidya related strotra (bala, lalita etc) with english meaning?
Why did god create humans according to hinduism?
Source of Sanskrit shloka - Avidyayamantare Vartamanah Svayam Dhirah Panditam-manyamanah
Do any scriptures besides the Atharva Veda mention anything about Bhang or marijuana?
Story of a blue-eyed mongoose that came on completion of the Ashvamedha Yajna of king Yudhishthira?
Did Chaitanya ever meet Parashurama?
Does Ramayana mention Seeta performing sandhyAvandanam?
Does rAmAyaNa mention women chanting vedic mantras?
What were the boons given by Goddess Durga to prince Yudhishthira?
Was Buddha a Hindu?
Which is the oldest of all Purāṇas?
Scriptural sources for different classification & types of mantra and their science
Different methodologies for teaching to students and their sources
What are the different sources that describe vedangas or limbs of the vedas?
Scriptural sources for how to chant vedic mantras and other things involved
Marici (Mareechi), in Jainism and Hinduism. Are they the same?
Origin of Dhanvantari's maha mantra and moola mantra
What is the intention of the following Rigvedic verse to the Spirit
Is it possible for us to see the subtle body?
What is the mantra for Shiva and Parvati equivalent to "SITA RAM" and "RADHA KRISHNA"?
What is the punishment given for using filthy and vulgar language towards women
What scriptures describe Radha defeating Harshana and Marshana?
Have any acharyas commented on taking a dip in sacred but infected rivers?
Can someone provide a link to verses and their respective English translation of Brihad-Jabala & Bhasma-jabala Upanishad
Do one needs to follow his own Dharma Sutra or all Dharma Sutras?
Can anyone suggest mantras for worshipping Goddess Parvati?
How to find Sutra, Shakha and Pravaras
What is the origin of the Roga Nivaran Stotra?
What is "twelve fingers" in Pranavayu?
What is the Laghunyasam recited before Sri Rudram? What does it symbolize and represent?
Why does Devi Mantras contain the name of the Demons She slayed?
What was samkhya's criticism on vedanta?
Which scripture mention an encounter between Ravana and Ikshvaku king Raghu?
What does it mean to see dead relatives in dreams?
In brahmachayra what do I do with pent up sexual energy?
Different explanations of chitta & manas. Which one is true as per vedanta?
Which scripture provides details about Suka?
Did tulsidas translate Ramayan without knowing vedic sanskrit?
Where can one find online the 15 tithi khadagmalas which are chanted as per tithi?
What is the story of the woman who lifted a mountain?
Is the Bindu chakra realization way forgotten now?
Who is devi in devi suktam?
Who is Ritu mentioned in this Rigvedic verse?
Has there been any figure in the scriptures which travelled back in time?
Is Moksha compulsorily given to every died people by their family?
What is the moral stance towards milking of animals/cows?
What is the purpose of sending a soul to Svarga or Narka?
Need clarification on the analogy of dream in Advaita
Are there scriptural references that rebirth is not possible if lineage is finished?
Beeja mantra meaning
Shraddha performance by host (himself)
Is Vayu identical to Pavan in Dvaita philosophy?
Sri Ramanujacharya’s advice on why example of Kaliyan(the snake) should be emulated in preference to Kshatrabandhu’s
Rituals at Rameswaram before going to Varanasi
Blowing Nose as Pranayama
Which scripture or book is the origin of the Surya Namaskara asanas?
Does Hinduism have any significance of herbs like brahmi and ashwagandha?
Identifying a Hindu Goddess
Why is thread ceremony not performed for girls?
Where did Vivekananda say "Anything against science is not religion?"
History of Chyavana Rishi, Ashvini kumaras, and Chayavanprash
Does Valmiki ramayan says Ram was god or an incarnation?
What makes Varanasi so special?
Dana(Donation) to beggars at temples
Person who dies on Ekadashi, never goes to hell?
Did prince Yudhishthira obtain boons from Yama for successful completion of Agyatvaas?
Who is the Rishi Lamagayana, relative of Agni’s wife Svaha?
Do any other scriptures tell the story of Goddess Aranyani mentioned in Vedas?
Did Dhritarashtra arrest Shakuni and his family?
Quote of Swami Vivekananda on selfishness
Do any scriptures of Hinduism force people to follow the religion?
What is sankalpa seva listed in many temples' seva list?
Do our parents in this birth will be our parents in every birth? Does this cycle revolves?
Krishna and Ganesha activities
What can one do to enjoy death or the dying process?
Why doesn't the holiness of Ganga spread to all the cities on its bank?
How does God/Goddess choose their vehicle?
Why is Hanuman considered as a partial avatara of Lord Shiva as opposed to a full avatara?
Has Shiva Linga worship been diluted over time from the real to the unreal?
Scripture showing ways to summon Gandharva, Yaksha and Kinnar
Is there any prerequisite for practicing Pranayama?
What is the source of "Bootha hitha yathartha bashanameva satyam"?
Soul separation and diversification
How is reciting Rigveda swara (udatta anudatta swarita) different from Yajurveda?
What is the story of Kalanemi who was reborn as Kamsa?
If liberation does not lead back to bondage, how can time be cyclic?
How to pray to Lord Narayana?
Shiva Linga realization within the body
Meaning of Urdhwaretam in Narayana Sukta
Is Lord Narayana omniscient and omnipotent?
What are the various attributes or qualities of Lord Narayana as per the scriptures?
What is the physical location of the chakras?
Why did lord Shiva choose Mount Kailash (earth) as his abode?
Which Guru is to be worshipped on the Guru Purnima day by a disciple who's having multiple Gurus?
Kundalini - the serpent in the bowl
How to calculate time of birth for annual prediction
Are Vedas re-revealed every mahayuga, manvantara or kalpa?
What does Hinduism say about organ donation?
Why does Prakirti / MahaKundalini Shakti descend from her blissful state into worldly phenomena?
What is the punishment for abusing god?
How Ekadashi is performed in Shiva Temples?
How does the mudra connect the the little red snake with the Bindu
What are the details of the story of Indra giving the Crest-jewel(chudamani) to king Janka?
Which scripture says Shiva first created Brahma-Vishnu and delegated rest of the creation to them?
Tatpurusha in Gayathri Mantra
The 100 Kauravs were incarnations of Asuras but what about their sister?
Are there famous deities/gods or spiritual supremo, who had a daughter?
Was Dhrishtadyumna the rebirth of Ekalavya to take revenge on Dronacharya?
Difference between giving curse and taking revenge
Brahmarandhra and the Jewel in the crown is it myth or is it real?
Are religions (generally) inducing fear in humans in the name of hell to make them believe in God?
Who are the Rajpurohits?
Who were the gurus of Brihaspati and Sukracharya?
What happens to the Syamantaka Jewel(श्यामन्तक मणि) after Krishna leaves the material world?
Is Guru-Shishya relation carry forward across multiple births?
Can a Kshatriya man marry Vaishya woman?
If Draupadi (of Mahabharata) was dark skinned why does Krishna call her a fair skinned woman?
Why did Maharishi Maitreya curse Duryodhana?
How do Sri Vaishnavas and Gaudiya Vaishnavas interpret a certain Advaitic line in Bhagavatam 1.1.1
Why do sages and saints curse others?
What is the story of Indra restoring the vitality of Shashvati's husband?
Which scriptures say that Tulsi leaves should not be chewed?
Krishna marrying sixteen thousand royal maidens
How were the physical characteristics in the Mahabharata?
Who are these Vedic goddesses mentioned as spouses of Devas?
What do these Mahabharatha shlokas mean and which part of the epic do they come from?
Can Vishnu's multiple avatars exist at the same time on earth?
How is birth time rectification done in astrology?
What is the connection between Vidura from Mahabharata & Rishi Atri?
Importance of using ḍamaru-hasta and trident in Lord Shiva
Did Maa Saraswati help manthara convince Kaikayi?
Why should a sister get married first before brother in a family? what does hinduism and shastras say about this?
In Mahabharat who were Dhitrashtra & Pandu incarnations of?
What do dharma shastras say about women inheritance?
Shani dev's gaze impact in improper washing legs with water
How worship will help to merge with brahman?
Why God is not coming to finish the PAAPIS any more?
When the Sun was lost?
Why is Mandukya Upanishad considerd to be the most important among all Upanishads?
Reason for friendship between Indra and Takshaka
Is me and my body seperate?
Is Lord Krishna from South of India since lot of Kshatriya Yadav families were from the South?
What is the meaning of "renunciation of fruit/result of actions"?
Are there any unhealthy situations for Pandavas or Krishna in Mahabaratha?
Is Purusha = Jeeva Atma as per Samkhya?
Does Vishnu love or not love?
How does alberuni's translation of patanjali's yoga sutras differ from traditional yoga sutras?
What do we mean by pure consciousness when we address Brahman?
Why can't we enter heaven with our physical body?
Has Balaram ever reincarnated in this world?
What is the story of Vasishtha's sister?
What is the symbolic meaning of the multiple serpent heads of Sheshanaga?
Where does Vishwamitra's parallel creation of constellations of stars and galaxies exist?
What is the difference between Thirunadu and Paramapadam in Sri Vaishnavism?
What is the Soul’s journey after death
What is the importance of fate line in our hands?
Do Vedas mention about Chaturvarna?
In the lectures by Swami Vivekananda on "Raja Yoga", Why is there no mention of 'Ajna'?
What does a lizard crawling up from left foot and climb down from the same foot(man) on thursday night around 10 pm signify?
Does Devi Bhagavata Purana asserts that Sita was Mandodari and Ravana's Daughter?
Is Indra being a temporary post described in Vedas?
Why God Shiva used trident on Kashyapa's son? and why could not he save his own son (Ganesha) from curse?
What exactly is Sat & Asat?
Sources of Krishna's mantra
Sita- Avatar of Lakshmi goddess or next birth of a pious woman?
How does the quality of "Tamas" viz. "ignorance", affect Moksha/Liberation?
What is the significance of bride leading the groom during Saptapadi?
Is Hong-Sau an ancient Sanskrit mantra?
How can bhagwan hear me?
Has Lord Krishna ever reincarnated or appeared in his ethereal body in this phenomenal world?
Why did Ikshvaku king Anaranya curse Ravana ?
Did Ravana ever attack the Ikshvaku king Dasharatha?
What is the true meaning of mat-karma in the Bhagavad Gita?
Can I change my sect?
How to do Prana Pratishtana of Shiv Lingam?
Mahamrityunjaya mantra pronounciation
What is the difference/relation between Chitta and Manas
Is there any permenant hell in Hinduism?
Mantras and prayers in hindi(or other) language
Why in Aashadamaasa and Dhanurmaas no auspicious things happens?
Are all human beings capable of self-control?
What separates the Avatar from Atman and Paramatman
How does the Yogi Remember his previous births?
Do gods and fairies not blink?
Is the goddess Bhumi the Maya of Atman
What is Arka Vivaha?
Are Gods conscious of their own existence?
I want puranas in TRANSLITERATED format.transliteration of Sanskrit into roman script
What are the most accepted and authentic Hindu texts across the different traditions?
Which Veda verse Narendra Modi referred in relation to Paris climate treaty?
Why the Mangalsutra thread should not be changed during the period of pregnancy?
Nadamunigal’s contribution to Thiruvaimozhi
Significance of Guru poornima
Idols of God and various phases
Do any Vaishnav sect believe in Jivan Mukti?
Which scripture says Krishna Dwaipayana Vyasa was born on Asad Purnima?
Did Brahman split into multiple souls?
How have other translators translated RV4.17.16 hymn besides Griffith?
What is karma vipakam in hinduism.
Which practice existed during the reign of Lord Rama, either Kanyasulkam or Varakatnam(Dowry)?
What do the Vedas say is the relation or difference between Ishwar and Brahman?
Do the Vedas teach that Brahman is a conscious being?
How are ashtaka-shrAddha and preta-shraddha performed?
What is vaamadevya vrata?
How can the cycle of creation and destruction be eternal if it relies on manifestations that must have originated from Brahman in the past?
Sri Vishnu Sahasranama bhashyam
Which Mahabharata verse does Swami Vivekananda refer to show earliest humans were Brahmins and they denigrated to lower varnas as time progressed?
Did Kunti explicitly tell Pandavas to marry Draupadi?
Becoming free from all sins by listening slokas
Why does Manu Smriti declare temple priests as sinful?
Clarification on Arjun's statement on Bhima's marriage?
The name of the Golden egg that is filled with Ananda
Thrivikrama Avatar
What are the different types of Ananda
What are the herbs that arose three ages before the gods?
Did Lord Shiva first teach Tripura rahasya to Lord Vishnu or his avatar Dattatreya?
Why did Prabhupada make objectionable comments on women in SB 4.25.41 purport?
Are only the hymns of the Vedas considered apaurusheya, or are the Upanishads considered apaurusheya as well?
Why did Krishna punish Yudhishthira for lying after telling him to lie?
How does the concept of reincarnation fit in with heaven and hell?
Goloka and Nirguna Braman
What is the significance of Astrology in Hinduism
Where is Hiranyagarbha?
Does SB 4.25.41 give a hint to the thing that women like men who are expert in rape?
Who is the daughter of Surya mentioned in Rig Veda 10.85?
Madhura Kavi Alwar
Want to know after death
Is there a concept of demonic possession in Hinduism?
What are the "Three Worlds" referred to in the Bhagavad Gita 3.22?
Details on Nava vidha Bhakti
Where does Adi Shankaracharya explain the meanings of "Shruti" and "Smriti"?
Ramanuja and Chellapillai
What body part of goddess Sati fell on Dakshineswar Kali temple and Kalighat Kali temple?
One mantra for praising all deities of three Lokas
Usage of Silk in Worship
Any rules for drinking water?
In Vaishnavism, are other Gods enlightened?
How to consider Lord Dakshinmurthy as my Guru?
How samskaras are manifested as per Vedanta philosophy?
The gods and goddesses of the Universe
Hiranyagarbha and Nirguna Brahman
Roadmap to learning Hinduism?
Shri Vyaasa-virachitam Navagraha-stotram
Kali yuga-- Are there solutions to reduce the difficulty of Kali?
Why is Yoga called union when it is the mind that actually dissolves?
How has been the religious exchange among India and the West after Vivekananda's Chicago speech?
English translation of Madhva Bhashya on Mandukya Upanishad
Who is vaivasvata manu (Manu of present manavantara)?
Time and Hinduism
Pithru dosha affecting children and grand children?
What is the way to Liberation: direct communication with lord Krishna or the reading scriptures?
Does Pithru Tharpana in both Kasi & Rameswaram reduces evil effects of the doer?
Is the Divine Body of Krishna beyond Nirguna and Saguna?
Are punishments mentioned in Garuda Purana real or just myths to create fear in humans?
What is the difference between Mukti and Moksha
How does one unite Bindu, Prakriti and Kundalini?
What is the difference between Cit in the word Sat- Cit- Ananda and Purusha?
Does the individual soul actually feel pleasure or pain?
Is Velukkudi Krishnan from a Swayamacharya lineage?
Sannyasa after death
Source of the Ganesha shloka, "Srikantho Mathulo Yasya"
How do Spiritual Masters,Yogis Avatars and Demons transcend the veil of death and appear in the here and now?
What is the correct translation, context & interpretation of a verse, which demeans women?
Swami Nikamanda Maha Desikar
In Hinduism Moksha is the name for eternal freedom. Is there a name for its opposite eternal bondage?
What is the difference between Nirvikalpa Samadi and Moksha?
How did my existence is in place at first? Why am there as me and not as anyone?
Is it true that Vishnu has not only 10 avatars but 24?
Did our scriptures mention any avatar that Parabrahma has taken?
What is called for those who have not realized their Saguna or Nirguna bodies?
What is the story of Shiva fighting Rama and Hanuman?
Who is Hari? Is it the only entity named before OM?
Is Paramahansa the vahana to the promised land?
What scriptures talk of difference in leaving the body consciously and unconsciously which is death?
How does one get initiated into Sri Vaishnavism?
Six aspects of surrender mentioned in Pancharatra texts?
Ganapati Shodasa Nama Stotram source
Please help me understand the below passage from Rig veda
Do followers of dvaita really believe that advaitins are "deceitful demons"?
Does hindu scripture discuss south india, dravida desa and languages?
Whose skull is in Siva’s necklace that Virabhadra mentioned to Narsimha?
What is the difference and connection between Atman and Nirguna Brahman
Does a little failure in mental celibacy completely break my brahmacharya
Where does the story of “World Tree” or “Knowledge Tree” come in hindu scriptures?
Is it true that the total number of souls remains constant as per Bhagavad Gita?
Is lord ram depicted of 2 arms or 4 in ram raksha stotra?
How powerful is Vishnu Sahasranama according our ancient texts?
At Hindu temples outside India, do people have to go barefoot outside on the grounds?
Who was the Brahmin's wife in Atharva Veda hymn that was abducted and restored?
Norse mythology and hindu scriptures
Do scriptures mention Indra's age when he destroyed Shambhara?
How are the River, Vimana and Sthala Vruksha appropriately associated with respective temples?
On whom does Lord Rudra meditating in Kailash? Any reference to scriptures about it?
Garuda [Big Thiruvadi] and Hanuman [Small Thiruvadi]
Anyone know significance of 18 in path to God?
Who is the goddess depicted as "Bharat Mata" & why is she having Indian tricolor flag?
What is the significance of number 3?
Except for baudhyana dharma sutras which other dharma sastras talk about loss of caste due to sea voyage?
What is the etymology reason for the swarupa order in the construction of the word "Sat-chit-ananda"?
Which Vishnu takes 10 avatars? Maha-Vishnu or Garbhodakasayi Vishnu who is among Tridev?
Is Agathyar (Agastya) from Ramayana same as the one who lived in Tamil Nadu 5000 years back?
why is Matsya Vibhava of Vishnu-Narayana also referred to as Ekasrngatanu?
Who is this King Bhavya who lived on the banks of Indus?
Indra and Vritra – The Tale of the Vajrayudha
Hanuman and Sagarollanghana
Which one is the true version of the many Ramayanas out there?
Was the Atharva Veda compiled at the time of King Parikshit?
How could drupada send his son drishtadyumna to learn warfare from drona inspite of their rivalry and enmity between their kingdoms as well ?
Was Lord Hanuman born in Sumeru? Where is that place? Is it renamed recently?
What is Kaivalya Moksha?
Was there any Rishi/Sant/Saint by the name of Maadan?
Are we in Kali-Yuga-Sandhi period, not proper Kali Yuga yet?
Is liberation for mind or Atman?
What are the 7 continents as per Hindu Cosmology?
From which dimension of existence did Matsya take the Sapatarishis? And to where?
What is the significance of hand imprint of the departed soul in ash of cow dung set in a plate in a locked room overnight, after Garud Puran?
Kshira Samudra- The Milk Ocean
Beyond the manifestation of Time
Is there any Hindu god associated with muscle/muscle strength?
What do our scriptures say about naming a child?
What is the meaning of Para?
What happens to deities at the end of their life cycle?
What is the meaning of Shivaaya?
What is the meaning of this Atharva Veda hymn on bottle-gourd, drums and camel?
Are there any instances where Putra Kameshti Yajna really worked?
What are first step towards starting tapasya ? What scripture describe Tapasya at best and it's methodology?
How to make kundali from DOB and Time without Internet
Difference Between Puran vs Granth
What is meaning of churnabhishekam?
Why do we use bananas and coconuts as offerings while praying?
Does each of us have a causal body within us?
In which Kalpa did Markendya's story take place?
Any English translation for the Atharva Veda Sukta 20.136?
Is the influence of current materialistic nature a feature of this Kaliyuga?
What is the meaning of Rig Vedic 'Jishnu' in scripture?
Keeping Andal picture or Photo
Who are these learned rishis mentioned in the Mahabharat?
Are curses applicable on descendants?
Does any scripture say or imply observer is observed?
What is the story behind Satya Narayana form of Vishnu?
Vedanta and Vishnu correlation
Harihara literature
Were the Pandavas's of submissive nature?
How does Dhyaneshwar's nondualism differ from Adi Shankaracharya's philosophy?
Is Varahi Devi Trishati available? I want soft copy
What is the ultimate destination for souls in Bhagavad Gita?
Are there any curse associated with Padmanabhaswamy temple & Sabrimala of Kerala, India?
What are the 16 impurities (ashuddhi) in a human body?
How many types of intelligence or dimension of mind?
What scriptures describe Parashara asking for Moksha for everyone?
What are the names of Lord Srinivasa residing in the seven hills of Tirupathi?
Sarasvatii - a goddess or a river first?
Agama and Purana cosmology
How a devotee of God leaves his body for Moksha?
Importance of Bhairav in Kul
Mentioning of Rakhi in Mahabharata
What is the story of Indra going to Nara-Narayana Rishis for aid, as mentioned in Mahabharata?
What is the difference between Sun and Sun God?
In what manner, we are qualitatively one with God/Krishna?
What is significance of ASHTAMI ?(waning Moon Ashtami)
Pran Pratishta 's life scale in Deity's idol or statue and Scriptures of Pran Pratishta mantras
Who were Varasikha and Abhyavartin Cayamana?
How can a person increase Shraddha (faith) in Hindu scriptures and gods?
What is a definition of being a Hindu and can one be a Hindu without being a particular caste?
Have there been any non-Vedantic commentaries on the Bhagavad Gita?
Connection between Vedas, Upanishads and Puranas
Does mahabharata mention conflict between shungas and indo greeks?
Are there other interpretations of RV I.154 that confirm or refute Jiva Goswami's interpretation that the Supreme Abode of Vishnu is actually Goloka?
When does a soul lose its memory of its previous birth?
What is exact meaning of UTPATTI(उत्पत्ती), STITHI(स्तिथी) AND LAYA(लय)
Flowers offered to God
Meaning of mantra chanted before tantrik puja
How do Rakshasas look? Physical appearance of Rakshasas?
What were the salient features of Ekayana Vaishnavism (Kashmiri Vaishnavism)?
Do any Sampradayas apart from the Sri Vaishnava Sampradaya differentiate between Sharanagati and Bhakti Yoga?
Any descriptions of the chariot of Soma and Pushan?
Is sneezing before commencing work considered a good or bad omen?
Do scriptures allow men to perform last rites for relatives that are still alive?
What was the previous life of lord Krishna?
What is the proof that I will not suffer after attaining Moksha / liberation?
What is the difference between Preta (Ghost) and Bhuta (Spirit)?
Who is the divine horse Dadhikras mentioned in the Rigveda?
What is the significance of seeing Lord Vishnu, Lakshmi and Shiva together in a dream?
Importance of Bhrigu Bindu in one's horoscope
Who is the mother-in-law of Surya?
Why is Shukracharya connected with Venus & Brihaspati with Jupiter?
Is Kaivalya only way for Soul to go back to it's original nature of infinity?
What exactly is the story of the Aditya called Bhaag/Bhaga?
Interpretation of Shivadvaitha
Phrases like "Reflection of the real self" and "Space inside the pot", are they simply theories?
Are these Rigvedic hymns talking about equality of all men or equality among a class of gods?
Was Maya Danav actually the son of Vishwakarma?
What is the source of "Vriyate iti Varnaha?"
Could be that the dates and timeline of 4 yugas got changed when puranas were passed down orally?
How does ramayana mention atharva veda and brahma priest?
What is the belief behind god attaining human form?
Is devotion of Lord Hanuman is equal to devotion of Lord Shiva?
Did Ramanujacharya or Nimbarkacharya meet Vyasa?
How to decide whether a food is non veg or veg?
What is the difference among Shruti, Smriti and Purana traditions?
Do any other scriptures mention Brahma Tirtha, bathing where non-Brahmins become Brahmins?
Vishnu's avataras
Are any stories available for the sons of Sarama that serve Yama?
How can we lead a life without attachments?
How can all deities be equal when the Bhagavad Gita says the opposite?
How is bodily complexion determined from the horoscope of the native?
How do we reconcile Rama vs. Ravana and Krishna/Arjuna vs. Karna scenarios?
Why peacock is the Vahana of Lord Karthik?
In non-dualism does Atman reincarnate or transmigrate?
Why Hindus worship Cow?
How long does it take for an atma to take rebirth?
How was Vishwarupa, the son of Tvashtar related to Asuras?
Are these rituals really done in Ashvamedha as per Brahmanas? Is the translation correct?
Where can I find the sadhana for the Vidyadharas?
Whether in mahabharat itself(not in purana), krishna is depicted as makhan chor(stealing butter)?
In Mahabaratha, Sahadevan is a great astrologist but How he missed out Karnan
Arishadvargas - references in Vedas
Why Avani Avittam (Upakarma) festival is performed? What's its history?
How can the formless assume a form(incarnation)?
Why did Gandhari curse Sri Krishna?
What did Bhishma do when he was on the bed of arrows?
What is the proper method of disposing deity idols which are broken?
What is the significance of tying a string of lemon and chillies?
Why do Hindus say "Radhe Krishna"?
Definition of love in Hinduism
What's the story of Bhasmasura in which Lord Vishnu came as a Brahmin and Mohini?
Prohibitions on Brahmins regarding reading Bhagavad Gita
Why Gayatri mantra is widely recited by non-bramhins nowadays which was once the stronghold of only the brahmins?
Did Krishna stop time while preaching the Gita to Arjuna?
Why is Indra referred to as 'Sahasraksha' in Valmiki Ramayana?
Shastra and Astra
Did Vedanta Desikan perform Samashrayanam for Vidyaranya?
Shri Krushna's revelation of his real identity
What caused Lord Shiva to test Lord Brahma and Lord Vishnu?
Which direction should one face while doing Sayam Sandhyavandanam?
If I born as male in this life can my soul transmigrate and became female in next life?
Neglect of Lava/Kusa by Rama
In Pratibimba Vada, which is the jivatman? The original or the reflected?
Do our scriptures give way to reduce or cross over Prarabdha Karma?
Prefixing "Om" or "Jai" before mantra. What is the difference?
Which period did Lord Vishnu descend to Tirupathi as Venkateshwara?
Why the period of early morning (brahma muhurta or amrut wela) important?
A Time Bomb placed in Patal lok
Is it okay to use rudraksha Mala that's used for wearing to use to chant Gayatri Mantra?
What is the chronological order of different KALPA?
What is actual difference between Pranan and Prana?
Shri Ganesha's cloth color
Questions regarding Jewellery of Mother Sita according to Valmiki Ramayana
About sphatik Mala
Do we have scriptural reference on Ashta Bhairava incarnations?
Why and how did Vishwamitra obtain a Brahmin body?
Is there a chance for divine forces to get into common man's body and make do things?
Order of Vishnu Avatars
Does Bhagavad Gita state that "... Atmaa discards old bodies and assumes new bodies"?
Did Vedanta Desikan debate Tuvarapati Kavalar?
What are physical equivalents of buddhi, mann, chitta, ahamkara in the human brain?
How did Ashoka Vana remain unaffected by the fire?
Cloth, flower along with Kalash falling from the altar during Ganesha Puja - is this a good or bad omen?
How does the process of rational thinking using buddhi look like?
What is the meaning of the term "Svadharma"?
What kind of body do ghosts have?
How does manu smriti has mentions of tribes which were not present at the time of manu?
What are the origins/geneology of various mleccha tribes?
Do any versions of Ramayana talk about Mata Sita swallowing Lakshmana up?
Can anyone control Krishna?
Are there any hidden Vedantic or any other philosophical teachings in the stories of Mahabharata?
Instances of a rishi's curse being nullified by another boon/curse?
Any other slokas suggesting drinking of cow urine
Why oil is offered to Lord Hanuman on Saturday?
Where or Which Vedic Text's says "Vikriti Evam Prakriti"?
What is the purpose of Navnath?
Are there any English translations of Madhva's and Ramanuja's Gita Bhasya?
What is the significance of wearing the sacred thread?
How to establish myself in the knowledge of the true self (Advaita)?
How to reconcile prāyaścitta (expiation) involving death with suicide (itself a big sin)?
Did Lingodbhava incident take place twice in this Kalpa?
What do Hindu scriptures say about the shape of the Earth?
Why worship, respect and do pradikshna for Rahu and Ketu?
While praying to Lord Narayana, is it necessary to pray aloud, or can we pray silently through our thoughts?
What are some of the important qualities or gunas of Lord Narayana?
In which scripture originally 'ahiṃsā sarvathā sarvadā sarvabhutānāḥ manabhīdroha' sentence was written?
We’re kept from our goal not by obstacles, but by a clear path to a lesser goal
What is the relevance of "Dharmo Rakshati Rakshitah" in Kaliyuga? How is it justified now?
Why Indra is not worshiped in general regular worship?
Are all Samadhis are required in order OR can be practiced irrespective of each other?
Did Bhaktivinod Thakur explicitly employ the term 'apasampradaya' to describe unorthodox Vaishnavas?
Who were the two priests of Asuras (not Shukracharya)?
Which scripture mentions Vishwakarma made the idols at Jagannatha?
What is the final message conveyed by Shvetashvatara Upanishad?
Why does chandogya upanishad use kannada-telugu words?
Who was the wife of Manu who was sacrificed by the priests of the Asuras?
Where is causal body in this analogy used by Swami Sarvapriyananda?
Have Devas like Indra, Agni, Varun ever done tapasya in order to counter attack Asuras?
What is meant by hridaya or heart?
Why did Lord Krishna pick up the Govardhan Hill only with his little finger?
Can the mantras for Saturn/Shani, Rahu and Mars/Mangal be chanted together in a sequence?
How much time has been passed of current Brahma's life span?
Karunya Pitru Tharpana
What is the story of the three previous Agnis who passed away?
Various names of Lord Subrahmanya
Why Lord Shiva is in tapasya?
What is the Patra and Mukha mentioned in Isha Upanishad?
Guidance about visiting temples after a 13th day of death of any family member
Which scriptures mention the Garbhodakshayi and Karanodakshayi forms of Lord Vishnu?
Did Prabhupada believe in Flat earth theory?
Is Astral projection evil?
Is consuming non vegetarian food allowed in case of survival?
Does every universe has different events?
Origin of Naam Traya Mantra
What are different Vadas associated with different philosophies?
On what basis do Hindu philosophies say Atman exist?
Before taking Samadhi Dnyaneshwar did follow Ashtangyoga?
Awakening of Kundalini is possible without mentor/guru?
Who is the 'messenger' of Asuras and what is his story?
SB 5.25.12 - Does bhūgolam mean earth or the universe?
What is the importance and concept behind Masik Shivratri?
gender neutral sanskrit word for "Putra"
Who was Parâvasu the former Hotri for Asuras?
What scriptures say about sraddha (श्राद्ध) during pitru paksha for untimely deaths?
What are the different stories in different scriptures regarding birth and loss off head of Lord Vinayaka?
Guru Dattatreya Parayan
decision about 'tithi' (e.g. pornima, pratipada, etc.)
Who is the Rishi Hiranyastupa of the family of Angiras?
When Goddess Parvati was the daughter of sage Bhrigu?
What is the Vishishtadvaitin equivalent to "Brahma Satyam Jagat Mithya Jeevo Brahmaiva Naparah"?
Mother of Sita in Ramayana
What was the purpose of the Kurukshetra war of Mahabharata?
How to find the lunar day for Pitru Paksha Shraddha?
Which is this stotra?
Who is Samyuka Barhaspatya?
Where is the meeting of Rama and Hanuman in their childhood mentioned?
What are the qualities of Brahman according to Upanishads?
Are there any legitimate reasons for initiating war?
Seeking two prayers from Rig Veda
Does nyaya or vaisheshikha school accept pratibhashik and paramarthik realities?
What is the story behind the legendary temple of the virgin Goddess, Kanya Kumari?
Are Pramanas mentioned in the Vedas?
How can Brahman possibly be devoid of qualities?
Why were the Saptarishis prevented from having relations with their wives?
Can I chant these stotras without initiation?
Indra's name as Shatakratu
What is 'dhuni', is it mere burning firewood?
What is Kayakalpa?
Good reason to plant Bodhi Tree (peepal) at home
Which scripture mentions the prohibitions on food consumption in Chaturmas?
Shani's good and bad effects when he is placed in various houses
Didn't the Sati practice exist in India?
Is there any negative impact of wearing various Rudrakshas combined?
Difference between old and new temple of Yadagiri gutta
Can a person before upanayana perform anga nyasa and kara nyasa?
What is shastras recommended way of raising a child?
Can I follow bhagwat Gita while expecting materialistic enjoyment?
What are the legends associated with Kānwar Yātrā (कांवड़ यात्रा) and which scriptures mention them?
Does god have a mind? If yes, it is an exception for God that body and mind are temporary, only Atma /Brahman is the permanent?
Why Lord Ayyappa Vratam or Mandalam is done only in few months?
Ramakrishna prostrating before a prostitute?
What is the role of Lord Narayana in our lives? What impact does he have on our lives?
Is Lakshmi Narasimha Temple, Mangalagiri one of the eight sacred places of Lord Vishnu in India?
Marriage tradition of brushing the grooms legs, hands, shoulders and head
What is the significance of Apana Mudra?
Why did Krishna and Rama even care about what others think about him?
Which are the 118 worlds as described in Fifteen verses of Wisdom?
Do any scriptures mention what would happen if temple restrictions are not followed?
What to chant before taking and consuming prasad?
Is it a sin if one leaves his wife and children and take sannyasam?
In which Kalpa/Manvantar did the gods became immortal for the FIRST time?
What is the origin of humans in Hinduism or Sanatana Dharma?
Everything is a thought then why does this present moment feel so real?
Scripture for Ashwini Mudra
Does BIBI Nanchari has any scriptural evidence?
Are there any popular works attributed to Govinda Bhagvatpada?
Does Krishna advocate the use of astrology?
Slokas about discipline in Mahabaratha
Where can I find Hiranyagarbha Samhita?
If Vyasa is Vishnu's Incarnation, Will Ashvatthama who's the next Vyasa, will he be considered as Vishnu's Incarnation?
Which are those 400 words of Veda not known or understood to even Yaska?
Is the story of Sita's banishment present in any scriptures other than Valmiki Ramayana?
Which time for buying online should be considered as muhurtha?
How do Shaivas view and interpret the Ramayana and Mahabharata?
Does Mimasa philosophy believe in Ithihasa and Puranas?
What does Hinduism say about castrating bulls?
Mentions of bacteria, viruses, or microbes in Hindu scripture?
Who are these deities mentioned in the Shatapatha Brahmana?
Is it true that in the battle of Mahabharata, the Son of Lord Krishna fought from the Kaurava side?
Is Padma Purāṇa the source of this verse on Ṛṇānubandha (relationship due to one's past deeds)?
What is the meaning of Tamil saying "Begin with Ganesa and end up with Anjaneya"
If everything is based on Karma, does one’s blessings have any effect on someone’s life?
Why is Garba performed?
On what basis/definition/Minimum Parameters the Sikhism is considered as a separate religion than that of Hinduism?
Why is it considered compulsory for brahmins to perform sandhyavandanam?
Requirements for wearing Tilak
How does Nirguna Brahman manifests into Saguna Brahman?
What are the salient features and differences between advaita, dvaita, and vishistadvaita philosophies?
why is 'Klim' beejakshara used in krishna mantra (even though it's goddess Shakti's mantra)?
Ambika, the sister of Rudra?
How many son(s) and daughter(s) did Lord Krishna had?
What is the significance of Gomutra?
What is the meaning and interpretation of Bhagavad Gita 4.11?
How are gods and goddesses such as Shiva and Shakti seen in the Vaishnava sampradayas?
Dating the Battle of Ten Kings relative to the Ramayana and Mahabharata
Who are the seven mothers who taught Agni?
Where does the Sri Vaishnava Acharya Ghatikasatham Ammal discuss Radha?
How to maintain perfect Brahmacharya while sleeping?
Conflicting idea about Karma in Bhagavad Gita?
How to understand the concept of bodily diseases through Vedanta?
What is the difference between prayer and worship?
Are there any references to simple prayers to Lord Vishnu in the scriptures?
Are there any references to Niralambopanishat and SukaRahasyopanishat prior to Adi Shankaracharya?
Can I easily find the God in kalyug
Is there a connection between the Navadurga and the Dashmahavidya?
Taking an oath in hindu religion
Shlokas from Bhagwata Purana especially for Kaliyuga
Those who do certain things will undergo the same
Are there any scriptures which talk about Mantra Diskha?
Which verse of taittiriya brAhmana talks of extinguishing agnihotra fire as sinful?
Which mimAmsa texts consider looking at sanyasins as sinful?
Is there a mention of Nava-Durga in Vedic scriptures?
Does Bhagavad Gita say anything about whether a person should eat Vegetarian or Non Vegetarian food?
Actions performed during Devi Paksha affects the individual tremendously?
What was the dialogue (debate) between YajnaMurti and Ramanujacharya?
How is being born on Nag Panchami beneficial?
What does the term "Adhikarika Purusha" mean?
What does the word Shambhu mean?
What is meaning of Sarvabhuteshu (सर्वभूतेषु )
What do sciptures say about partial fasts in Kaliyuga?
English translation/interpretation of text given in photo.
Earliest reference of any astrologer (jyotisi) in Rig Veda
Who is Vata mentioned in this Sama Veda Verse?
Does the Kaundinyasa/Kaundinya Gotra derive it's lineage from Buddha's disciple Kodanna?
Who is Vena, the possible inspiration for Phoenix?
Is there any mythological/scriptural reference linking Periyachi with Narasimha
What is the Purāṇa Saṃhitā? Is there an English translation of it?
References to Zoroastrianism in Hindu scripture?
What is the story of Rishi Shakti?
Is there a curse associated with misuse of Tantra?
What was the Self-enlightenment which was got by Nachiketa?
Does the fragmental Atman travels?
Are all poojas performed for god or can they be done for good/bad spirits also?
is there any relation between Sperm and Human Soul?
Are there any restrictions on consumption of alcohol on special occasions
Which schools of Indian philosophy consider the Vedas to be apauruṣeya (authorless) and which don't?
how can I start Tantra sAdhnA? which all are the scriptures I need to study to have in-depth knowledge?
Why was Shishupala born with three eyes and four arms?
Was Kumārila Bhaṭṭa the first to argue that the Vedas were apauruṣeya (authorless)?
Does Arjuna ever ask Krishna to prove Himself?
What is the source of Sat Chit Ananda mantra?
Can Grahas be influenced willingly?
Can you provide quotes from scriptures which equate Lord Narayana with the Param Brahman or Supreme God?
Why have we celebrated Dussehra today instead of tomorrow?
What's difference between Rishi, Rajarishi, Maha Rishi, Brahma Rishi and Saptarishi?
Nasta Moha in Bhagavad Gita
Age of sanatan dharma till today
As per Hindu scriptures does lord Śiva explicitly claim himself to be a deity that has to be worshiped?
Sanskrit Names of Naivedyams
Physical presence of Krishna at multiple places at same time
Complete Stotra of Shiva
Is the EXACT same creation repeated in every Kalpa?
What are the eleven senses of Lord Brahma
Did Rama know that he was God?
If rituals are performed imperfectly, then do they have effect?
Why Kumarila Bhatta sacrificed his life?
Which gods are Vaishnavas allowed to pray to or worship?
Scriptural basis for Draupadi's decision of denying Karna
Do any biographies of Sri Chaitanya Mahaprabhu mention Him to be the founder of the Durga Puja tradition in Odisha?
Why Casteism is there in Hinduism?
What is the meaning of various honorific prefixes with "Sri"?
Who was Rishi Etesha and why was he racing with Surya?
How did lord Rama perform penance for Ravana after killing him?
Why did God made mind so hard to control?
How do we clear our debts?
What are the benefits of visiting temples?
Is it possible for the power of the deity in a temple to get diminished for whatever reason?
What are the benefits of chanting gayatri mantra?
Did Krishna ever talk beyond the four caste system?
Can I read Bhagavata Purana? If yes, what are the procedures and rules to be followed?
Bhagvatam and planet moon
Which Hindu god should be prayed to in order to get good health?
Bhagvatam and planet Earth
What is the meaning of dharma?
What is a broad summary of the differences and similarities between Bhaktic and Vedantic Hinduism?
How and where can i get the original version of Shiva Mahapurana?
What are the main differences between pranotthana and kundalini?
What is the precise definition of prayer in Hinduism?
Does kalpa bheda explanation for reconciling different narrative in puranas have scriptural basis?
Is Brahman (as described by Adi Shankara) mentioned in the vedas?
How can one try to preserve his semen and make it raise to head (ojas)?
Is it a sin to allow reforms to Hinduism?
About this Goddess -Skull Cup and Paasam in HER hands
Scriptural definitions for caste, Varna, class and tribe
Do the Devas not actually eat or drink?
How/where Vedic chants are written down
Online version of Vedas, Puranas, Sutras, and Shastras in Devanagari/Sanskrit
Who is offering prayers in Isha Upanishad and to whom?
Is complete Srimad Bhagavatam not available since total verse count is not 18000?
What is the importance of Kartik month?
Did Ravana write any books?
How Caitanya Mahaprabhu and Swaminarayan are viewed in the Srivaishnava Sect
Why was Lord Krishna in a confusion about who his parents were if he is almighty?
Do Vaishnavism and Shaivism differ on whether all souls ultimately achieve liberation (moksha)?
How many wives did Yudhishthira have?
When did Duryodhana know that Karna is Kunti's son?
What food is suggested for Yogi?
Honey on Shivling
Is it possible to get the accurate translation of Vigyan Bhairav Tantra in English?
How did Bhishma pitamaha got the ichchamrityu boon?
How does the god Shiva changed to Lingam idols
What is the story of Vijaya bow?
Does Uddhava belong to Yadu Dynasty and if so why did he not die because of sage's curse on the dynasty?
What are Bhujanga stotrams?
Is this a form of meditation?
What are the benefits of doing sandhyavandanam?
Who is the goddess Ahoi worshipped on Ahoi Ashtami?
Lakshmi as Brighu's daughter
Why japa samarpan is done in right hand of devi n left hand hand of guru?
Why is Karna so obsessed with freeing his chariot from earth?
Conversation between the Krishna and Karna
What does Vashishta mean by the term "self extinction"?
How do Vaishnavas interpret this verse from Padma Purana which seems to supports system of worship of five deities?
Did women menstruate before they partook Indra's sin?
When did Shaivism start?
Jaya and Vijaya - why 3 or 7 births?
Attributes of God according to Madhva and Shankara
Why did Vishnu incarnate as Buddha after delivering Gita?
What is a prayer by a Vaishnava saint in honour of Lord Shiva?
How did Karna become the king of Anga?
Who is the commentator on Yogasutras Swami Vivekananda talking about?
Was Lord Ram under Maya's influence when he wanted to confirm if Shri Bharat still wishes to continue as King?
What does dharma as a goal mean in purusartha?
In which scripture does the Shiva Mahimna stotra occur?
Did Sri Chaitanya Mahaprabhu also write a Shivashtakam?
What are the basis behind the concept of communication with God?
What are Vasanas?
Keeping Deities/God photos in everywhere in home
ShoDaSa bAhu NrsiMhASTkam
Depicting Mahabharata (and other scriptures) misleadingly
Which rules are not applicable for Ganga river?
How to get a Boon From Shiva
Why Black clothes are not permissible while going to worship our Kulaswamini Ashapuri Devi?
What is the foundation behind the concept of prayer in Hinduism?
Saying Sanskrit Stotram with incorrect pronunciations?
In which Purana the story of Madhyandina Maharshi appears?
Is Hinduism one continuous stream of thought over time?
Can we touch the shivling to spread the contents of the offering like curd or ghee around it while doing Abhishek?
Visiting other temples after visiting Sri Kalahasti Temple
Mahabharata Parsurama's curse
Is cooked or uncooked rice offered in rudrabhishek? If so, which one?
How did the Gods of hindu pantheon come into being?
How does Vedanta (Uttara Mimamsa) school prove their Astikya (Existence of God) using Shabda pramana?
Who was the writer of the Vishnu Sahasranamam?
What is the Hindu(mainly Vedantic) opinion of lying to do good in the world?
Is Brahman sentient in Advaita Vedanta?
Relation between Laxmi poojan and returning of Lord Rama on the same day
Which Manusmṛti verses were written exclusively for vaiśyas and śūdras?
Reference to China in Manusmṛti?
Are current day bathes considered as original bathes in Hinduism?
Fraternal Polyandry in Mahabharata,The Reasoning?
How do Female sadhus cope up with their period?
Is there a text explaining the full story of Lord Parasurama?
Why oil is offered to Lord Hanuman's feet?
Why "Margasheersha" month is auspicious?
What would please Lord Hanuman more - chanting Hanuman Chalisa or chanting Rama naam?
Is there a critical edition of Bhāgavata Purāṇa?
Is reading pirated books a sin?
Nyasa etc for Lalita Sahasranama
Where can I find Tara Trishati?
On what basis Pushpadanta states that chanting his Shiva Mahimna Stotram is greater than Spiritual initiation, austerities, etc?
South Indian Vaishnava temple tradition of blessing with a conical cap (kirita)
When does gods like Shani stop aging?
What is the message that Lord Krishna giving to us stealing butter?
Science of dice in ancient Hinduism scriptures
Temple bell : Animal horn for ringing
Can one study during morning twilight for acquiring any branch of knowledge
What is the mudra to be used when performing Achamanam?
Where can I find a sanskrit text version of Sri Chaitanya Mahaprabhu's Shivashtakam?
How to use the charms mentioned in the Atharva Veda?
What are the bows of the warriors of the Mahabharata?
Can I pour water on the shivling for abhishek as many times as I want?
Vaataakarshanashtra (वाताकर्षणास्त्र - a weapon which removes air or O2 from atmosphere)
Did Shankaracharya establish the "shanmatha" and the "panchayatana puja" systems?
Where can I find a good comparitive study of the prasthana trayi commentaries?
What is the result of worshipping Lord Sri Nityananda Rama Chandra Prabhu only/exclusively?
Which verse of Vālmīki Rāmāyaṇa is Devdutt Pattanaik referring to?
Can anyone explain about lord Ayyappa irumudi kattu?
Religion and expanding universe
Scriptual reference for causes of being born in the Kaliyuga
Was every human a Vaishnava in Satya yuga?
What is the symbolic meaning behind the siva-sakthi triangle?
Are the symptoms of 4 yugas visible on higher planetary systems?
During which period Vishnu incarnated as Matsya to save vedas?
Which scripture is Devdutt Patnaik referring to when he says "Yagna is not a contract. Devata has no obligation"
Which verse in Ramayana is Devdutt Patnaik referring here?
Which scripture is Zakir Naik referring to here?
Which Dharma Shastra books is Devdutt Patnaik referring to here?
What is my religion?
Who is this Persian-looking man in the Samudra Manthan?
Does number of souls increase?
Did Lord Vishnu build Sri Jagannath Temple situated at Puri?
Why water is considered as an indispensable commodity in a charity ritual?
How to obtain original sanskrit literature on Samaveda Sandhyavandana?
What are the ill-effects of having Mangalik Dosha?
What is the Guru Parampara of Kashmiri Shaivism?
Did Lord Rama Take Birth in Chaturbhuja Form?
What are the rules associated with the ritual of kshoura/kshavaram (shaving of hair)? And do these differ between sampradayas?
Is liberation possible only through a human birth?
Did Rama tell lie while departure from Ayodhya
The two definitions of soul. Which one is true?
Using hypnotism as a mean to access past or future lives?
Scripture to learn about manas, chitta, ahamkar and buddhi in detail?
Since "india" is Bharat, what is the scriptural term for Indian?
Where can we find the description of how Maharaja Parikshith (as a baby) was saved by Sri Krishna?
What is Anumana Pramana to be precise?
Exact References of number of wives of krishna in mahabharat?
How have traditional Vedic commentators intepreted Rig-Veda 1.164.46?
What do smritis say about giving away one's own children to someone else?
Can Sanyasis be rulers according to scriptures?
Who is Shankhayana?
In a family, does the birth of a son vs daughter, signify anything with respect to Pitru-s (ancestors)?
What is the history behind celebrating Tulsi Vivah?
Are there any Puranas that corresponds to a Kalpa where Brahma creates Vishnu?
Is there other technique which Lord Krishna has given in Gita to keep our mind steady?
Does kanyadaan have a Vedic sanction?
Are there any instances in scriptures of husband & wife separated AND remarried, because of reasons accepted by shastras?
Which all sects accept three forms of Vishnu as described in Satvata Tantra?
In which Yuga did Shiva destroy Tripura?
Any Vedantic messages from Karma Kanda of Vedas?
What are the different sampradayas under the "shanmatha" branches?
What is our relationship with God as per vishistadvaita?
Is it Sanatan Dharma OR Sanatan Dharam?
Divide & Conquer in scriptures?
What restrictions should we follow when visiting temples?
Does God know about all our actions and also whatever we talk?
Where can I find the side by side compilation of the vedic verses and their tamil counterparts from Nalayira Divya Prabhandham?
Where can I find side by side compilation of Vedanta Sutras and the corresponding verses from Srimad Bhagavatam?
Inconsistency in the number of people died in Kurukshera war
Situating a Figure of the Goddess Uma in a Bedroom
What are the principal differences on siddhanta basics, and details, between tradional vedantists and neo-vedantists?
How does mantra japa lead to samadhi?
What is the difference between a sloka and a mantra?
Which varnas do they belong to?
Why is Jarasandha considered so bad?
Why is the death of Abhimanyu considered unfair?
What do the scriptures say about the qualities of an ideal bride?
What is meaning of "vaarchnam" in siddha kunjika stotram?
What are some of the most logical and rational Hindu text?
What is the proper procedure to light the puja lamp in the altar?
Why only water is used to give Arghya to Sun (Surya)?
How should a verse be translated exactly using Ghanaapaathi?
When were the Vedas classified into four?
Is there an English translation of the book Shri Shiva Tattva Rahasya?
What are the exact interpretations of four Mahavakyas by Dvaita, Vishishtadvaita and Advaita?
What is the source of "Dharmecha Arthecha Kamecha Naathicharami" verse?
What exactly is dehi according to advaita and vaishnava school?
What is the name of the Yajna which is capable of curing diseases?
What are the regulations related to food for sanyaasis?
Which is the earliest reference to Upavedas?
What is the philosophy of brahmakumaris?
Why is Ramayana called the adi-kavya (first poem) and not Rig Veda?
Are any Vishnu Purana commentaries available?
What are nigamas, agamas, tantras and yamalas?
Do people get birth even they are (almost) eligible for Moksha
Who was the guru of Chanakya?
What is the source of the verse "Ajnanta-jnapanam sastram"?
Last name of Shree Ram and Shree Krishna?
What does mayavad and tattvavad mean?
On what basis are puranas named?
What is Shiva doing in this picture from a temple?
Does the person become Krishna once he attains moksha?
Can a Sudra attain higher caste according to Manusmriti?
Are the upanishads later to the Vedas?
How old was Drona?
Do Shaktas and Shaivas have independent sects or they think themselves to be under Advaita?
Is there a variation of Madhurashtakam with Mathura in it?
How to do penance?
Is it true that sin will attach only if commits in Kaliyuga?
On what basis Vedas, Upanishads etc. are named?
How can we easily identify the 'meter' in vedic scriptures?
Which is the Shaiva Itihasa that Linga Purana is talking about?
What is the order of the importance of Hindu texts?
Is reading Srila Prabhupada's books the same as carrying out the process of Sravanam?
Can scriptures ever be properly translated into English or any other languages?
Is Kalki an avatar of Vishnu?
What is the right/actual way to begin veda parayana?
Where is this statement "Destiny determines the consequences...." found?
On what basis are 4 mahavakyas chosen?
What is angamardana yoga system?
Can any caste from Hindu become madhwa or vaishnava
According to Hindu scriptures, what are some of the great sins that God never forgives?
What is the difference between Yajna and Havana?
Is Brahman androgynous?
On what basis is Krishna claimed to be source of Vishnu?
What are the 10 doors of the Dharma?
Cremation rituals for cows after death?
Is it sin to sleep with a prostitute before marriage being a shudra?
What is the deep meaning of this quote?
What is the correct translation of the Mahabharata verse mentioning Drona's age?
Difference between Palankarta and Palanhaara
Truthfulness of Satya Harischandra
God Shiva's Beeja Mantra
Why is it called Karna with such a name instead of Vasushena in Ranbhoomi?
How many akshouhinis were killed by Arjuna?
What is the reason behind closing the village/street/agrahara temple in case of a death in the nearby area?
Did Bhishma (or any other characters in Itihasas) know he was born on earth due to a curse?
From which scripture is the concept of Shuddha Sattva from?
Are there any temples for Mohini avatar?
What is the difference between consciousness and matter?
Who is the rakshasa Alambusha?
Why is Isha upanishad in two recensions?
What is the explanation given for souls who are currently living in animal bodies?
Do Advaitins believe in two types of Purushas?
What kind of 'Paapa' results in losing an organ of the body?
Are dogs allowed in Lokas like Kailasha and Vaikuntha?
Performing Pooja, japa etc during wife's monthly period
Do Gurukulas and Vedic Patashalas censor sexual topics in the scripture for students who are kids?
Which lines of Mahābhāṣya of Patañjali say that Vedas had 1131 śākhās (recensions)?
What is the meaning of demon names: yAtudAnAs and AtatAyins?
Why doesn't Lord Shiva have a crown?
"Cows are sacred" & at the same time "It's only a sinful soul which gets born as an animal" - How to deal with this apparent contradiction?
Rakshasa sleeping habits
Does the liberated human (Jivan Mukta) has the same knowledge as brahman?
Is there a process of initiation in the sampradaya of Adi Sankaracharya for common people who are not or don't intend to become sanyaasis?
What are various types of Snanam (bathing)?
Is there any reference that Krishna was connected to Brahman while speaking Gita?
Is the Jiva completely dependent on Lord Vishnu for his protection?
How do you get a name (apart from birth) in the scriptures?
Is there a Hindu equivalent of the Buddhist Dukkha?
What are the Prajapatya, Chandrayana, and Krcchra penances?
What is Virahatya (Killing of a hero)?
Why do Vedas have śākhās? Are all of them apauruṣeyā?
Does God(specifically Lord Vishnu) grant us whatever we righteously desire and pray for?
What is the meaning of Tri-sapta in Atharva-veda?
How is kainkarya or concept of divine service in the state of moksha justified?
Shankara's Gita Bhasya says that the Self transmigrates. Is this true?
Which is the oldest written preserved version of Mahabharata?
Did Sayanacharya believe in the authority of Ithihas and Puranas?
Does any Hindu scripture or work of any Acharya talk about sex education?
Do Neo-Vedantins support LGBT pride?
Is there any scriptural reference that women should take bath before preparing the food?
Right to seek alms and live
Can aatmakaaraka be considered while match making
On what basis do Hindu philosophies say Sabda Pramana is infallible?
Why is Lanka king Dashanan titled as Ravana?
Breaks in Brahmacharya
Is Neo-Vedanta a sect of Hinduism?
Is Neo-Vedanta a modern modification of Hinduism?
Can someone give me the translation of this Mantra?
“Everything is predetermined” - Ramana Maharishi. Can someone please provide an explanation or sources which delve into this further?
Are Brahmins who eat fish fallen Brahmins?
Gunas and Gods worshipped by persons of the Guna
Do the Nagas ever try to conquer the 3 worlds?
On which side of the body should we lay while sleeping and why?
Why does Vishnu Purana refer to Vrishasena as King of Anga?
Is there life on the other 8 planets according to Hindu scripture?
How naga sadhus reach to kumba mela place?
Why did Shree Ram shoot the arrow at the deer when asked by Sita mata?
Why is Sadari placed on the palms of Vishwa Brahmins?
Kurinji Andavar Temple
How to calculate Planet Transists?
What is Vishnu's body made of according to Vaishnavism and Advaita?
Guarding of women's quarter in the later Vedic and Puranic eras
At which point in time did Hinduism begin to embrace vegetarianism exactly?
Are women allowed to read Vedas? Are any religious text not meant to be read by women?
Does Rahu actually cause solar eclipses, or does the Moon?
Was Sridhara Swami an Advaitan or a Vaishnava?
Permanent hell in Hinduism
What is the meaning of Atharva veda 4:34:2?
If there is a contradiction between Pratyaksha Pramana and Sabda Pramana, which one is more authoritative according to Advaita and Dvaita Vedanta?
Why are the techniques of kriya yoga a secret while it is mentioned in Gita?
Are any new writings in the sukta form created recently?
Was Adi-Shankara initiated into Kriya Yoga?
Will the scriptural statements about continuous creation be falsified upon liberation of all as per Advaita?
Will the scriptural statements about continuous creation be falsified upon liberation of all as per Vaishnavism?
Are there any prescribed Mantras, Stotras, techniques, etc that can help to inhibit sexual tendencies?
What happens to the spiritual progress achieved in this life after death?
Bhagadatta punishing Naraka and Mura
Is the Sage Brihaspati associated with water?
Who is the first well known saint to mention Radha in his works?
What is the true meaning of saranagathi and how to perform it?
Is it true that Ghatotkacha had the Ravana bow as well as demons from the Ravana clan?
What happened to Radha after Krishna left Vrindavana?
Is the Harivamsha a canonical text as part of the Mahabharatha?
Kakah krishna pikah krishna.. Where this verse comes from?
What does scriptures say about dealing with family conflicts from an Advaitic point of view?
How was the succession sequence of the Sudarshana Chakra among the avatars of Vishnu?
Is Advaita Vedanta the teaching of Advait Mat?
Are Manu and Brahmā the same entity?
Does Parashara smriti allow eating non-vegetarian food?
Does Bhishma know past, present and future?
Can't Shudras read the Bhagavad Gita?
karma vs. Divine Grace
To whom does the illusion belong?
How can the rishi Rishyasringa have sons / relatives rakshasa?
Chariot of Yudhishthira never touched the ground while moving?
Why is Lord Shiva identified as Mahadeva?
What scripture does the sloka 'deho devAlayaH proktaH..' come from?
What are the names of the 48 followers of Ramanujacharya?
What is the minimum eligibility to see an Yaksha?
Hinduism and dreams: Does Hinduism say anything about what causes dreams?
Does Law of Karma act on its own or are there any sentient beings which implement it?
Does Lord Vishnu really look like as shown in images?
Is bathing at night a good custom (sadhachara)?
Is the Virata war an interpolation according to BORI scholars?
Is there any mention about Nala in Vedas?
Does the Skanda Purana classify Puranas into Sattva and Tamas?
Dvaita / Vishishtadvaita versus Kulamarga / Vāmamārga
Did Parashurama give Sudarsana chakra to Krishna?
Is turiya the ultimate state?
Why is Narada called brahmachari if he is married?
Bondage of jiva according to Sri Vaishnava Sampradaya
What is "Das Mahābhārata Und Seine Theile" about? Is there an English translation of the same?
For how many manvantaras did Prithu rule the Earth?
A question of no of times chanting?
Why did Ravana abduct lord Rama's mother Kausalya?
Gayatri mantra mudras?
How many available smriti are there in total?
How many wives did Ravana have?
How many upanishads were there traditionally?
How do Vishishtadvaitins interpret this passage from the Vishnu Purana?
How are animals killed in the Soma Yajna?
Why don't the Vanaras use weapons?
How does Brahman or Atman witness?
Can skill be transferred in less time?
How have traditional Vedic commentators interpreted Shukla Yajurveda 26.2?
Is it true that Vyasa only narrated the War of Kurukshetra and the Ashvamedha conquest of Arjuna?
Which scripture talks about killing baby cows in sacrifices?
Do the Devas and Pitrs like eating meat?
Was there a fight between Lord Hanuman and Lord Parasuram?
Can any one recite Gayatri Mantra
Where can I find an English translation of the Taittiriya Shakha of the Krishna Yajur Veda?
Is it true that Hanuman stays while preaching Ramayana?
What are the enjoyments in heaven?
Is married person eligible to practice Raja Yoga?
Shankaracharya said that ultimately even law of Karma is not right. Is there a scriptural reference where he says this?
Are name and form sat or asat?
Mool mantra Vs Astothram
Does the time spent in Samadhi and waking up from Samadhi depend on the person's will?
How can there be two individual selves in advaita?
What is initiation of Mantra?
What is the significance of bathing in the kaveri river during the thula month?
Does the mere sight or darshan of the deity in a Vishnu temple wash away all sins?
Rig Veda as the origin of modern numerical system
Historical evidence for time period of Nathamuni
Does Vishnu like animal sacrifices?
What are the benefits of chanting the names of Lord Vishnu?
Where is it mentioned that chanting Krishna is more powerful than chanting Rama's name?
Chowdeshwari Devi's mantra shakti used by the king for daily rituals?
What is the expiation for saying lie(s)?
Who are these women mentioned in the Hiranyakeshin Grihya sutras?
Is tantra sadhana always restricted?
What are the occupations of brothers of a king?
Does Tantrik, avaidik, or agamic animal sacrifice have any scriptural authority?
What do we gain from chanting the names of Lord Shiva?
What versions describe Arjuna blinding Bhagadatta?
In which yuga was lord Dattatreya born?
What is a ratha, atiratha and maharatha?
Why did Ram give up Sita instead of the throne?
Division of activities in a day according to Rama
What does the term embodied mean?
Is chanting “OM” naam japa or mantra japa?
How to know if someone is a Deva or an incarnation of a Deva?
What happens when mantra initiation is done by an ineligible guru?
What is the source that describes the devatas for each Navagraha and Nakshatra?
Is there any mention of consuming egg in any sastra or puran?
Is supreme brahman male or female? Does He have a gender?
Are there any animal sacrifices specifically for Vishnu?
Do the Vedas allow Shudras to do undergo Upanayanam or perform Yajnas?
Is the Rig Veda Purusha Suktam hymn an interpolation?
Differences in explanation for this verse "Yato vā imāni bhutāni jāyante" which describe the parabrahman
Is it allowed to eat non vegetarian food while doing Raja Yoga?
What prayaschitta can be done when last rites are not performed for the departed soul?
How do non-Advaitin defend Advaitin argument that difference need not be taught in scripture?
Vegetarianism amongst Bengali Vaishnavas
Way of offering prayer to the Supreme
What are the outcomes of Kaivalya and Sayujya mokshas according to Gaudiya Vaishnavas?
What does Sanatana Dharma say regarding shaving pubic and anus hair?
How to have faith and devotion again?
Does Hinduism give preference to scriptural injunctions over own logical thought in day to day activities?
Different tilakas
Was Shaktism prevalent in the Vedic times?
Do gods and goddesses know all languages?
How do Naishtika Brahmacharis and Smartha Sanyasis repay the Deva and Pitru debts(ऋण)?
Why are Vedas regarded as Apaurusheya (authorless/ not created by anyone)?
How many different Chandas are there in the Vedas?
Explaining the supreme secret of Bhagvad Gita
According to scriptures is it allowed to keep Tulasi inside home?
Are Rama and Krishna anywhere mentioned in sruti?
Diet directives (meals how many times in a day) for Brahmans in ancient era
What is the initiation process for the Dvaita sampradaya? In what aspects does it differ from the Panchasamskara done by Srivaishnavas?
What is the eligibility for reciting shiva sahasranama stotram?
What is the significance or reason behind repeating a word in a row multiple times in a stotram?
Does the subtle body carry the prana airs after the death of the physical vessel?
What are the philosophical differences between the Vivarana and Bhamati schools of Advaita Vedanta?
Has any Acharya or Pontiff of any monastery commented his opinions on theory of Darwinian evolution?
Is setting a goal useless if Bhagavad Gita says to work without expecting the rewards?
How do the stories of Prahlada and Hanuman show invisible effects of visible causes?
Does God want us to be subservient to him?
What is the Ekayana sect criticized by Pillai Lokacharya's father?
Has there been any commentary on "Soundarya Lahari" by any scholar from Sri Shankaracharya's lineage?
Are there advaitic verses in bhagavatam?
Is Everything by the prakriti is done in regards to the Purusha? why with regards to purusha and what is the need of Purusha?
Does the Samkhya Darshana describe 24 tattva belonging only to human state or to all other conscious states?
Why did Ramakrishna marry Sarada Devi when he had no intention of leading a married life?
Is it allowed(good karma) to marry many wives as practiced by Hindu gods?
Goddesses with skull-cup in one hand
Difference between Naishtika Brahmacharya and Sanyasa
About Goddess Ashvaroodha Devi
Are there details of the fight between Chitrangada and the gandharva with the same name?
Is there a commentary for this verse in the Gautama Dharma Sutras?
From where is "Niranjano nirakara, eko devo Maheswara" mantra taken from?
Was Shukla Yajurveda unknown to Vedavyasa?
Is it a sin to have sex with promiscuous, unmarried women?
Do the Karma Kanda of Vedas themselves anywhere say performing rituals won't give us liberation?
What does the first stanza of the Aswhamedha sacrifice mean?
Is the Battle of 10 kings mentioned in the Puranas or Itihasas?
Is there any commentary on the Battle of 10 kings mentioned in the Rig Veda?
When doing Ajna meditation, what should I visualize?
Significance of number 960 on a Brahmanic stone marker and number 1020 on a Vaishnavite monument?
How many stages are there in Samadhi? Does Patanjali yoga sutras mention different stages of Samadhi?
Is it true that the sixth period of king is pattabhishekam(Crowning)?
Do individual persons have corresponding mudras according to body Constitution?
What are the details of Lord Mahadeva's SarvaMedha yajna?
Does wearing a ring affect you?
What scriptures say about left arm twitching / quivering / throbbing?
How is praying different from begging?
What is Natal chart and where it has been mentioned?
There were other kingdoms that supported Duryodhana in Kurukshetra apart from those that are popularly known?
Does Vedic karma yield fruit in foreign countries? Will it give adverse results?
Difference between Naaga and Sarpa
According to Gita , how can a person do repentance if he/she cannot fulfill the promise (mannat)
Was Radha aunt of Krishna?
Who is the deity of the Purusha Suktam according to different schools?
Are the Brahmanas, Aranyakas, and Upanishads revealed texts, or are they composed?
Is there any mention of Brahman in the Samhitas of any of the 4 Vedas?
Are there references to Mesopotamia in Hindu scripture?
Regarding Devas and freewill
Sanskrit verses & English translations of references of Rama and Krishna from the Primary Vedas
What do Hindu scriptures say about Doppelgängers?
How do Devas from deva loka help us humans in bhuloka?
Is the roudra weapon really the same weapon as the pashupata weapon?
How are offerings communicated from Agni to other gods?
Has there been any mention of withdrawal of maya sarees by Krishna in any version of Mahabharata?
Which Śruti texts explicitly state that varna is based on birth?
What exactly are incarnations according to Sri Vaishnavism?
Who was the first śūdra to be born or appear on Earth?
Who is King Yavana mentioned in Anushasana Parva of Mahabharat?
Do Devas have sukshma sharira?
How do the traditional Vedic commentators interpret VajraSuchika Upanishad?
Did Adi Shankaracharya accept equality of 5 major gods in his works?
How do non-advaitins interpret these passages of bhagavatam?
How to identify the different stages of experience in meditation?
What is the meaning of RashmimAlA Mantras
Who was the asura Bala?
What is Jarasandha's military force according to BORI's Harivamsa?
What is pancha angni yajna in agnihotra?
How was the behavior of Agni before he was cursed by Bhrigu?
Do Sruti texts mention either or both of birth-based varna and guna-based varna?
Why the Gayatri mantra is different in some words given to a Brahmin and Kshatriya?
What is the Shini kingdom?
Why does the Apsara Menaka keep abandoning her children?
Why was Parikshit chosen as the successor of Yudhishthira?
What is the agama/tantra being followed at the Sri Krishna temple at Guruvayur in Kerala?
Can one sit in a Yogic posture (Asana) when not performing spiritual activities like meditation?
How is Purusha Sukta revealed in Samaveda?
Ethics of Advaita Vedanta
What are the three forms not explicitly mentioned in the Shanti Parva of Mahbharat?
What does Hinduism say about lying? Is lying ever permissible?
Are Apsaras promiscuous women for the enjoyment of the inhabitants of heaven?
Are there Acharyas who talk about Krishna offering Droupadi to Karna as a wife?
Which Hindu episode does this Khmer relief from Beng Mealea show?
Is nagas in temple related to Kundalini?
Where exactly is Shiva Gita found?
What is meant by Chira kaala Brahmacharitwa?
Is akshaya(अक्षय) used as substitute of thousands (numbers) any where?
How did the life of Vishwamitra end on this Earth?
What are the benefits of offering Water to the Surya Dev (sun) in morning?
Events indicating Kali yuga
Why Shri Krishna did karma when He spoke against it in 2.21?
What is the expiation for accidentally killing a cat?
Do scriptures allow Hindus to marry foreigners?
Does Pillai Lokacharya’s commentary on the Gadya Trayam still exist?
Does Atalashanti prakarana of Mandukya Upanishad contradict/demolish karma siddhanta?
Did Sahadeva have the knowledge of past, present and the future?
What is the meaning of this shloka and in what context it was written?
Sadhya gods from Purusha Sukta vs other references
What is the purpose of Maa Baglamukhi Yantra?
Are children of Brahmin parents also Brahmin by caste?
What is Ayyavazhi religion and what are their beliefs?
Who has the authority to change the procedure for vedic rituals and under what circumstances?
In Advaita, is jiva the same as subtle body?
Is Hatha Yoga Pradipika an authentic hindu text?
Festivals observed on basis of solar cycle
What are the characteristics of a bona-fide Sampradaya?
Does Neo-Vedanta reject Dharma Shastras? If so, why?
Did Vyasa himself name the chapters and Skandas of puranas/itihasas?
What is Turīyasandhyā mentioned in Devi Atharvashirsha?
Why do we acquire Karma only in human birth and not in higher births such as Demi gods, etc?
Why the three levels of reality of Advaita Vedanta are not mentioned in any scriptures?
Which Pancharatra text describes Yogam?
Did Valmiki ever meet Lord Rama prior to the Ashwamedha?
Does Hinduism permit having sex with female slaves?
Who killed Shakuni?
Earth and pancha bootha
Is this verse from the Brihaspati Smriti telling to kill rape victims?
Did Ramanujacharya perform Sharanagati in Madhurantakam?
How to worship in temples? Please explain in context of human body as temple
Is this an interpolation in the Manusmriti?
Does Narada Maharishi permit having sex with prostitutes and promiscuous girls? Need commentary
Which Dharma Sutras are valid according to Sri Vaishnavas?
Who was the author of the Manusmriti?
Where is this verse from in the Vedas about the Manusmriti?
Meaning of Salilā (सलिला)
Which shloka describes human qualities?
Where can I read the works of Bellamkonda Ramaraya Kavindrulu online?
Are there any verses which say Vishnu is source of all avatars?
Some queries about initiation into Vadakalai Sri Vaishnavism
Is it a sin for a man to have sex with women who aren't his wife(s)?
What is meant by Lord Vishnu as protector?
Is Adi Shankaracharya partial avatar of Siva?
Does Hinduism permit kings to act tyrannical?
What's the difference between reflection and reflecting medium in advaita?
What is the agama being followed by the Sri Nataraja temple in Chidambaram and why is it different from other Shiva temples?
Is an Upapurana less authoritative than a Mahapurana?
Can a person be a guru for his own wife?
Where do scriptures or commentaries say that shlokas have to be interpreted as per context, time, place and situation?
Are they referencing a gregorian calendar or some Hindu calendar?
Did Lord Vishnu speak in support of birth-based or conduct-based varna?
Does neo-Vedanta cater to a Western audience?
Do scriptures say about authentic living person(s) for Hinduism for current time?
Do the official Shankaracharya Peethams recognize the validity of Neo-Vedanta?
What are the differences between goddess and female human beings?
Tripura Rahasya. What is the general opinion?
Is sannyasa a Vedic way of life? Is it recommended by the Vedas, the ten authentic Upanishads or Grhyasutras?
Where does the Nilamata Purana sanction consumption of alcohol?
Manusmriti says Sama Veda is impure, whereas Krishna says he is Sama Veda of all the Vedas
Were theses verses mentioned in Vaisheshika Darshan?
Is phalashruti applicable to people who read translated versions?
What are the names of current heads of peethams formed by Adi Shankaracharya in India?
Do humans breathe 21600 times in a day according to the Yoga sastra?
Who coined the term "neo-vedanta?"
What does this statement mean in the Atri Smriti about the Devas enjoying girls?
When was the Sarasvata Kalpa?
What's the source of this verse (yuktiyuktaṃ vaco grāhyaṃ bālād api śukād api)?
How Sri Ramanujacharya interpret Aham Brahmasmi?
Who are the red complexioned and yellow complexioned avataras mentioned in Srimad Bhagavatam?
How much region can be controlled by performing Rajasuya?
Why viradha said that he should be buried in a Pit?
What is the form of Srikalika?
Who are the pseudo-advaitins referred to by Shringeri Acharya? Does Adi Shankara state characteristics of true advaitins?
Need help identifying Hindu Goddess
Is growing bamboo at home considered inauspicious?
Why each word of Srimad Bhagavad Gita is considered to be so important?
When did Sri Krishna worship Goddess Durga?
Why do some Vaishnavas not consider Radha as Sati or the Mother of the world & mention Her only as the Hladini shakti?
What exactly is meant by Harernamaiva Kevalam
What is the position of the Tantras among the holy scriptures?
Why called Akala Bodhana
What is the Yoga shastra of Dattatreya?
What is Vyasa's exact stand on the tetrad of Divine Manifestation?
How to reconcile the lakshanas of a siddha from the Vedanta and the tantras?
Is initiation of tantrik mantras of many people together in a hall permitted by the scriptures?
Is Draupadi the daughter of Nala and Damayanti in her previous life?
Were our scriptural recommendation of vanaprastha and sannyasa compulsory or voluntary?
Metre(s) in Mahabharata
Are there Pan-Indian Hindu festivals dedicated to Vishnu or Narayana?
Many versions of Ithihasa and Puranas, which versions can be true?
What is the meaning of the "...........vidmahe....Dhimahi....prachodayat" formula?
Regarding Impurities in the Nâdis before starting Hatha Yoga
Why do Hindu women put Sindoor on her forehead?
Where exactly is Ashtavakra Gita found?
Godavari and Ramayana
Did Agni refuse to burn Sati at the Daksha Yagna?
Where can I read Prabodha Sudhakara of Adi Shankara in English?
What does "belief in the Vedas" actually mean?
Was the "yawning weapon" used in the Banasura war used on any other occasion in any scripture?
Are there any sudra or outcaste seers in Vedas?
Are there any scriptures which say man is distraction for woman?
What is phalashruti for Bala Kanda parayana of Valmiki Ramayana
Can a lady undergoing menstruation period do yoga?
Which weapon did a lot of actual damage from a single use?
Who is referred to as kakutstha?
What are the legends behind Vaikuntha Chaturdashi?
Is anti-Brahminism a sin according to scriptures?
What is the first name (Adi Naam) of Lord Vishnu?
Are grooming/dress rules prescribed for Brahmins?
What is the relationship between Vishnu and Narayana according to different Vaishnavite sects?
Is everything in the universe conscious according to Hinduism?
Why did Yudhishthira give 2,640,000 female slaves to Brahmanas?
Which scripture are these verses from?
Manu Smriti contradicts Bhagavad Gita on qualities of women?
What are the rules for wearing the Sikha?
Is this a list of saptarshis?
Who is Goddess Nirrti?
Why does the Bhagavata Purana say the first Pararddha is already over when it is narrating the events of the Padma Kalpa?
What are the earliest commentaries available on Sri Devi Bhagavatam and from which sampradaya?
What is the source of this sloka where Vyasa apologises to God for making three errors while writing the Srimad Bhagavatam?
Is the Big Dipper or Ursa Major constellation connected with the Saptarshis?
Did Swami Vivekananda believe the Vedas were composed or Apaurusheya?
Does Moksha Dharma Parva contain this alleged quotation from it?
Five bhavas as explained by Sri Ramakrishna
What do ancient Hindu acharyas say about accepting the authority of Shruti but denying the authority of Smriti?
Urdhva Pundra for follower of Advaita Philosophy
Why do Srivaishnavas consider sayujya to be highest of all liberations?
Why does Bhagavan Krishna use the phrase "other deities" in Gita (7.20)?
Are the names "balarama, baladeva, balabhadra" used interchangeably?
Are the forehead markings worn by different sects prescribed in scripture?
How many Puranas have critical editions?
Does Krishna say in the Bhagavad Gita that he alone can grant liberation?
Need corresponding Sanskrit verses for the following Skanda Purana verses
Did Swami Vivekananda ever claim he was self-realized?
Are there complaints in the scriptures about the iniquties of the caste system?
How is the date of Aryabhata calculated?
How come Ravana didn't fight the Daityas?
What is the order of cremation rights?
Scriptures other than the Hata Yoga Pradipika containing asanas
Where can I find Vishnu Yamala?
Why is Kubera called dhanadena?
Did Vishnu ever appear as two purnavatharas at same time?
how did lord Vitthal help saint Chokhamela?
Will I get Moksha if I commit suicide?
How do we know whether the BORI people are qualified (to do what they do) and what are their methods?
Which saints or Yogis from history are recorded to have done Parakaya Pravesha successfully?
Who are the speakers of the other gitas?
Is it a wife's duty to have sex after marriage?
What is the position of different Vaishnavite sects regarding the Advaitic definition of Nirguna Brahman?
What is Straishuya karma and how to perform it?
Why Dronacharya demanded to make King Drupada prisoner in his Guru Dakshina?
Why should Kubera(a Yaksha) worshipped, when real goddess of wealth is Shri Laxmi?
Why did Shishupala and his supporters thought Krishna would take away Rukmini?
Were all human avataras of God Kshatriya or Brahmin?
Is this an authentic Hindu yagna?
What's the difference between nirguna brahman of Advaitins and impersonal brahman of Gaudiyas?
Is Vyāsa being the compiler/divider/arranger of Vedas recorded anywhere in the Vedas themselves?
What is the original Hare Krishna mahamantra
Who divided/rearranged the brāhmaṇas, āraṇyakas and upaniṣads?
What is the scriptural basis for eternal hell as Madhvas believes?
Where is written that name of Lord Vishnu or Venkateswara is Balaji?
Do the idols of gods and goddesses need to be made of same colour?
What scriptures discuss Krishna's time in relation to the Yuga Sandhi periods?
Why do Indians(Hindus) follow God though most of them haven't read holy books like Geeta?
Does she/he should leave noble/Good works or stop praying God because there is no output in doing noble/good works and praying the God?
What is the meaning of below verses from Vishnu yamala and are similar verses found in any other tantras?
What are references for Rama's abode in Vaikuntha region?
Balance of strength between Asuras and Devas
Could anybody learn the secrets of celestial weapons?
In which scripture does the word "Bhagavan" appear first?
Do the scriptures talk about procedures that a Brahmin has to do before eating food?
Were there multiple Adi-Shankaras as claimed by some people?
When will Lord Kalki appear and where is Shambal?
Does Manusmriti (or similar works) prescribe punishments for Brahmins who propagate scripture to the undeserving?
Does goddess Lalita have her own loka?
What are the activities of Lalita devi in Mani dvipa?
Are there sects that prohibit their women from uttering "Om"?
What is the present time in Hinduism?
Was Swami Vivekananda a Kshatriya?
Is the formless Krishna supreme?
Are Brahmavadini women allowed to marry and have sex?
How come Vedantic Sampradayas today don't allow women to become Brahmavadinis?
Should Hindu politicians support Brahmins according to scriptures?
Is anti-Brahminism a symptom of Kali Yuga?
Did Lopamudra ever receive Upanayana?
Why is it ordained that Shudras should serve the Dvijas, and especially Brahmanas, as their foremost duty?
Are there Shankaracharyas outside of Adi-Shankara's direct lineage?
Who were the custodians of scripture in different eras?
Who was the earliest Sudra king?
Can commoners attain Moksha without needing to be born as a Brahmin?
Was Nathamuni originally an Ekadandi Sanyasi?
What's the proof that God exists?
There are injustice in this world. Innocent animals and birds are put to death. Poor and weak people are tortured. Is God happy with this world?
Which deity is to be invoked (or appeased) first in a Vedic ritual?
Which philosophy does devi bhagavatam teach?
A Question Regarding the Rishyadinyasa of the Sri Sri Ramakrishna- Puja-Paddhati
Does Gita say bhakti is topmost in any verses?
Does Bhagavad Gita reinforce the caste system?
Can a Vaishnava saint give Shakti mantra mantra initiation to any one or vice versa?
Did Drona help Ekalavya after taking guru-dakshina?
Are anthropomorphic features of Krishna referred to during the preaching of the Gita?
Karma for the very first birth
Is the "narayanam namaskrtya" benedictory initial stanza present in the critical editions of the Mahabharata?
Why did Vinda and Anuvinda share Avanti?
Is there a collective term for all entities that incur Karma?
Where are drona and shiva used as meters, what other meters are there similarly?
What is the location of this verse from Skanda Purana?
What is the object to be attained according to Gita?
Are different ways of salutation (pranaam) just cultural or prescribed in scripture?
how to realize that a person got mantra siddhi
What are the differences between the Jaya version and the main Mahabharata?
Are there rules how Hindus should be named?
Why is the Rig Veda Samhita important?
What does this Rig Veda verse mean about the fivefold human race?
Not counting Purusha Sukta, what castes are mentioned in Rig Veda?
Which chapters of Bhagavad Gita should be read for Shanti of the departed ancestors?
Why does nirguna brahman manifest only in 5 forms?
Who was the king who argued with Adi Shankaracharya using karma siddantha (law of karma)?
Are there English translations of Upanishad bhAshyas from dvaita and vishishtha advaita perspectives?
Surya Arghya ingredients mentioned in Ramayan and other scriptures?
Is Kushagni Pravesa a punishment mentioned in scripture?
What is the relative importance of the six Darshanas in the practice of different sects today?
Which is the earliest scripture to use the word "varna" to denote caste?
When and how did the system of adimai kaavu begin in ancient Kerala?
Do any temples allow donations via e-Hundis?
Does Hinduism have a notion of proportionate punishment?
What happens to the soul of a person who died unnaturally in an accident?
Does scripture say that scripture should not be written down?
What is ashtagandha, where is it mentioned in the scriptures?
Is there more than one interpretation of "twice born"?
Why do temples prohibit clicking photos of idols?
Is Rama a Jagadguru?
Is the Manusmriti written to favor a particular class of the society?
How do mantras works?
Are scriptures like Manu-smriti Veda-viruddha?
Do different castes have different Karmic outcomes for the same action?
What does Rajas mean?
Is Vishvaksena mentioned in any major scriptures?
Does Vishnu maintain a standing army?
Does scripture describe the origin of Mlecchas and outcastes?
Are the followers of Vaikhanasa Agama considered as Sri Vaishnavas?
Is this euphemism from scripture?
For those who support guna-based or behavior-based caste theory, how do you determine someone's guna?
My question is that why Modern spiritual person kept hair long?
Do Gaudiyas consider Allah and Jehovah also as "Supreme Personality of Godhead"?
What is the Shiva Stuti?
What is Aruna Prashna?
Did Sudras have Varnashrama Dharma as opposed to Varna Dharma only?
Are there two gauri Kunds?
Correct Trayakshar Mrityunjaya mantra
Can woman give diksha to others as per scriptures?
Are some verses of Manu Smriti added later?
is there any mantra equal to whole Lalita sahasranama?
Do dharma sastras allow woman to be diksha guru?
Gaudiya vaishnava on maayavaada
Is it the responsibility of the dvija castes to teach the fourth varna righteous conduct?
What is the real meaning of "Kanyadhana"
What are various subsects of Shankara Advaita school?
What were similarities and differences between Shankara and Madhusudhana saraswati Advaita?
Who narrated each of the major 18 Puranas?
What Guna is our current Kalpa, the Sveta Varaha Kalpa?
Do Itihāsas other than Bhagawat Geetā talk about the three Gunas?
What are main differences between madhva and gaudiya school?
How much dharma shastras can be applied in practical life?
Does the Saura Purana foretell the appearance of Madhvacharya?
Which Puranas say Kalki will be born in Tamil Nadu?
Is changing or altering rituals allowed in Hinduism?
Why does the Srimad-Bhagavatam say that mumkshus reject worsipping of the fierce forms of God?
How is Ishtadevata determined according to the SPIRITUAL SCRIPTURES (NOT ASTROLOGY)
What is the source of this sloka which is prohibiting keeping pets at home?
The difference between the mind and the Atman in Advaita Vedanta
Is "Tamas" always something negative?
Was Duryodhana a better mace-fighter than Bhima?
Did Bhima have the strength of 10000 elephants?
Pranava pronunciation
How many times was Dwaraka invaded in the absence of Krishna as narrated in the Mahabharata or other puranas?
Do non-advaitic vaishnavite sects have the concept of Samadhi?
What exactly is the role of the Puranas in the Sanatana Dharma?
Are there instances in Hinduism where Dharma is cited to both support and oppose an act?
How come Shukadeva did not undergo Upanayanam?
Is the Sattva-Rajas-Tamas classification considered important in Advaita?
Do the three Gunas apply only in the materialistic plane?
What are the 10 Vishnu incarnations of Devi Lalitha?
Which came first, dharma śāstras and smṛtis or the people that followed them?
What Sadhana or karmas did Swami Vivekananda do?
Are Shudras and women more fortunate than Brahmanas according to the Vishnu Purana?
Why do we not find any image of Durga/Kali/Shakti image in renowned Sri Vishnu/Krishna temples?
What scriptures describing holding breath for hours before chanting the Sahasrakshi Mantra?
What is the REAL MEANING of cutting Maa Kali by sword of Jnana by Sri Ramakrishna during Advaita Sadhana?
Does Garuda Purana suggest cremation ritual should be done only by son of same gotra excluding son born of inter caste marriage?
Does progeny born out of varNa-SaMkara (intermixing of classes) also derive gotra from father?
Do incarnations of Vishnu age?
Can a groom touch the feet of the bride during marriage?
Do scriptures allow to worship idol of acharya?
Are there scriptural citations denigrating old age?
Which book do Vaishnavas give more importance of the two Vishnu Purana and Srimad Bhagavatam and why?
Do other scriptures have different interpretations of Maya from the Tantric interpretation?
Does Dharma reduces from one mahayuga to another mahayuga?
Which denomination do majority of contemporary Hindus adhere to?
Which scriptures mention Dhyana Mantras of the sixty-four Yoginis?
What is the reason behind tonsuring?
Is dark skin considered beautiful in Hindu scriptures?
Do the long term actions of Avataras survive the end of the respective Avataras?
In saptha vyasanalu, "speaking rudely" is also there or not
Why are Hindus vegetarian? What is the real meaning of the word 'mamsah' (मांसः) or meat?
What scriptures describe Kapila, Panchashikha, and Durvasa carrying Sanyasi staffs?
Why did Dronacharya not become a guru of Ekalavya?
Gopis' views on Sri Krishna stealing their cloths
Can Vaishnavas worship other Gods(anya devata)?
What exactly is shuddha sattva according to vaishnavism?
Are there any Gaudiya Vaishnava commentaries on the Upanishads?
What is the status Of Rudra's alleged delusion by Krishna?
Is there any name customarily associated with Siva/Rudra that Vaishnavites would not claim also applies to Vishnu?
Did Ramakrishna Paramahamsa say that he was an incarnation of Vishnu?
What was the lifestyle of Gaudapada?
Why are Daityas Sattvic according to the Manusmriti?
How do Advatins classify Vaikuntha and other lokas according to their philosophy?
Are there scriptural citations denigrating eating during war?
Are there any Shaiva or Shakta refutations that "Narayana" is a proper noun?
Is the term "demigod" necessary to translate the name of any entity in Hinduism to English?
Does Sri Ramanuja or Sri Vedanta Desika say that Narayana is a proper noun?
How does Hinduism explain extinction of species?
Is Sri Vaishnavism the only Vaishnavite sect that claims "Narayana" is a proper noun that can ONLY denote Vishnu?
How do Shaivas and Shaktas interpret the Vishnu Gayatri mantra?
What citations from non-sectarian Shruti and/or the Itihasas claim that Vishnu is the antaryami of all the other Gods?
What is meant by 'kala sarpa'?
Scriptural references for the family goddess of Indian famous mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan
Can one teleport to another Earth?
What is the Birth date of Gautama Buddha according to PuRAnas and ItihAsas?
Apparently good yagnya by Daksha
What is the theme of Brahma Sutras?
Which one of Vedas has referred to Dhyanalinga consecrated by Sadhguru?
Does any scripture proclaim Shirdi Sai to be an incarnation of Lord Dattatreya?
What is the function organized on reaching 60 years of age?
Where can I get Sai Gita online?
Does Hindu scripture have statements approximating "you can't step into the same river twice"?
Which primary scriptures (that are not commentaries or disputations) cite other scriptures?
Was there a caste called "dog cookers"?
Can forgetfulness be considered as a sin?
Understanding the Dosha calculation
What is the nearest Hindu term for "numinous"?
who is Audulomi who appears in Brahmasutras?
Is it possible for the Vedas to have been authored?
What are all the empirical observations made by Kaṇāda in his Vaiśeṣika Sūtras?
What is the meaning/context of Rig Veda 10.149.1?
Is the argument that "Narayana" can only denote Vishnu correct?
Where is Pitru Loka among the 14 lokas?
How exactly did the killing of Abhimanyu violate the agreed-upon rules of war?
Is Yoga Vasistha accepted by non-advaitins?
Is the "Bhaja Govindam" prayer attributed to Adi Sankara only a Bhakti text?
What's Kashmir Shaivism view/interpretation on the Vedas?
What are the differences between Dvaitadvaita of Sri Nimbarkacharya and Achintya Bheda Abheda of Sri Chaitanya?
Who is the companion of Lord Vishnu?
How to get Saakshatkaram of lord Sri Lakshmi Narayana?
What texts are non-brahmins allowed to read?
What scriptures describe making statues of Muktas?
Why does Matsya Purana say Ramayana has 525000 verses?
What are the meaning of the names: Rudra, Maruth, Vasu?
Are we already at infinite time?
Can I melt my thirumangalyam and can i get done newly
Why does Vishnu sleep for 1000 years?
How can Vishnu sleep on Adi Sesha when Adi Sesha does not exist?
Why should prasad offered to a shivling not be consumed?
Are the different timings of day dominated by particular guna?
Which texts are Brahmins allowed to read?
What are some good books to read for understanding philosophy and life of Ramakrishna?
Does this statement about Smartas have scriptural authority?
Is the sannyasa lineage of Sri Adi Shankara Vedic or tantric?
What is the relation of Vasant Panchami with Goddess Saraswati?
Is Lakshmi Devi two handed or four handed according to this dhyanamantra?
What's the Sanskrit word for maintaining distance with relatives of the deceased?
Does the notion of people being in temporary non-sacred or polluted status exist outside the South?
Rama and Sita in the Vedas
Good book on Shiva Purana in Kannada/English
Which world is converted into vast ocean by Vishnu?
Is there an inherent relation between varna and skin color?
Why do people put warm clothes on idol in winter?
Which scriptures talk about Garbha daana, Pumsavana, Seemontonnayana Samskars?
Is Yog Vasistha authentic scripture?
Does "untouchability" have any place in Hinduism?
Ancient rishis were married, was sanyasa invented by Buddhists and Jains?
Do clones have souls?
Lord Shiva and Lord Vishnu
does all three bodies cease to exist in turiya?
What is this verse in Garbha Upanishad trying to say?
How are jivas (linga/sookshma sharirs) created as per Advaita?
What are the expansions of Lord Sri Krishna from the gaudiya vaishnava (ISKCON) point of view?
Is there any mentions in scriptures about the usage of gemstones in astrology and their relationships with the navgrahas?
How is the exaltation degree and the exaltation rashi determined for a graha?
How did Vidura die in the Mahabharata?
What scriptures describe Mahabali stealing Vishnu’s crown and Garuda giving it to Krishna?
Why do people perform rites and meditate if its a hindrance?
Where is this statement cited by Satadushani found in scripture?
Will there be ill-effects from universally disseminating scripture to non-Dvijas?
Are Dvijas allowed to read translations of the Vedas done by Mlecchas (Westerners)?
Do the founders of various Vaishnavite sects describe reaching transcendent states of being after which they became teachers?
How do initiates of monastic orders that enjoin lifelong celibacy deal with this requirement?
What are the dates of Subala and Mudgala Upanishads?
Why date of any "Hindu festival" changes every year?
Which scripture contains the event of Shiva beheading Vinayaka?
According to ISKCON, what is the difference between Brahmavada and Mayavada?
Where I can find Gita-mahatmya in original devanagari script (7 slokas in Devanagari script) from Introduction to Bhagavad-gita of Srila Prabhupada
Is Baskala Shaka of Rig veda Authentic?
Did Ramakrishna say that he will take birth again?
Which is the most authentic english translation of Manu Smriti?
If some preacher utters ill words about some other preacher or saint, can he be treated as Adhikari to preach the Sanatana Dharma?
What is the difference between Avatar(Incarnation) and Punarjanma(Rebirth)?
Does Shri Vaishnava sannyasa rules restrict their monks to enter into Shiva temples?
Is there any example for 'divide and conquer' strategy in Hindu scriptures for solving a problem?
When did Vaishnavites start wearing Urdhva Pundram?
Where is the account of Ramanuja recovering the Melkote idol from the Delhi Sultan originally recorded?
Did the great Vedic scholar Sayanacharya reincarnate as Max Muller who propagated Aryan Invasion Theory?
Did Bhima drink the blood of Duhsasana in the Mahabharata war?
Is "Tamasi" a name of Durga?
How do the Sanskrit epics mark a turning point to Hinduism?
Did Max Müller say any positive things about India and Hinduism?
Can a Hindu declare as false scripturally-based beliefs of other Hindus?
Is it the dharma of Rakshasas to be evil?
Does SriVaishnavite scripture claim Lakshmi's superiority over Parvati and Saraswati?
How much Tapas should one do for Indra to send down an Apsara for him?
Which lineage (vamsa) does Rama belong to? Surya or Ikshvaku or Raghu?
Did RamaKrishna bless Rupa Goswami in his previous life?
Is there any instance of Shiva showing his vishwaroopa in the Mahabharata?
Does Vaishnavite scripture extol the superiority of Garuda over the vahanas of other Gods?
How do Apsaras look? What are their physical characteristics and physical appearance?
What is meant by Karika bhasya?
Which is the oldest commentary on any of the scriptures?
Do gods feel uncomfortable when they approach human bodies?
Did Ramanuja compose any devotional works?
Bramhatya dosh and it's remedies
Which Vaishnavite sects have the concept of "Nitya Suri"?
Did Max Müller actually distort Hindu scriptures in his translations?
Can firm calendar dates be assigned to scriptures and events described in them?
Where did Rakshasas live during the time of the Ramayana?
Do the demons ever try to conquer Brahma loka or Shiva loka?
To whom we contact to do Samashrayanam?
Which tantric books illustrate Chakras, nadis, deities in body of purusha?
Is the practice of bringing an idol to a temple to be sanctified and then taking it home sanctioned?
Was Gaudiya Vaishnavism influenced by Madhwa's teachings?
Did Shiva ever give back the power all the other Gods gave him to destroy the Tripuras?
Did Chaitanya Mahaprabhu author a commentary on the Brahma Sutras in Prakashananda Math?
Do Gaudiya vaishnavas accept classification of puranas based on gunas?
What is the punishment for those who discriminate on basis of birth?
What are the views of Gaudiya Vaishnavism on Adi Shankaracharya?
What happens to the soul when someone commit suicide?
Is Brahmaputra the only river with masculine name?
Is there a tradition that girls shouldn't be named after rivers?
Does the Mahabharata give reasons why Duryodhana went to heaven?
Does the Skanda Purana accept Rama as the full incarnation of Vishnu?
Hindu Calendar vs Gregorian Calendar
Are mythologies real (historical) or merely allegorical?
Is time taveling possible according to Hinduism?
Reuniting in After Life for unnatural death
How many verses are there in the Mukhya Upanishads?
How and when did Karna came to know that he was a kshatriya?
Did Adi Shankaracharya really try to make people'Bhagavad-vimukhi' as claimed the Gaudiya Vaishnavas?
In Kali Yuga, how do devas get havir bhaaga, since yagnas are rarely performed?
Who committed more acts of Adharma in the Mahabharata war?
What is the basis for Vaishampayana's claim that the Saraswati became invisible because of her contempt for Sudras and Abhiras?
Is judging a person blindly a sin?
Vaisheshika’s conception of motion
Discrepancy in the Manusmriti regarding Devas being fond of alcohol just like the Yakshas, Rakshasas, and Pisachas?
How does it rain in Foreign countries, like the Amazon rain forest, than in India, when no one there performs yajnas for the Devas?
Does any scripture predict the Muslim invasion of India?
How pure were the castes at the time Manu-Smriti was written?
What is the supernatural race called the "Uraga"?
Are Suparnas an intelligent supernatural species?
Do any commentators interpret "from yajña arises rain" in BG 3.14 allegorically i.e., not involving a physical sacrifice, fire and smoke?
Do good people cause rain regardless of Yagnas?
What stanzas in Vyasa Mahabharata convey that Sri Krishna held Bhishma as adharmic or protecting adharma?
Was Drishtadyumna invincible and not slayable until he had killed Drona?
Question about Mother Parvati and Maa Tara?
Is auspicious place for marriage as important as auspicious time?
How do I convert into Brahmin when I am already a converted Hindu?
What does it mean by Vidura entering Yudhishthira’ body?
Why the name 'Salagrama' shila?
What does Sri Ramanuja mean by saying "Pasupati-Mata' is 'Anadaraniya'?
What is the basis of this image of Goddess Kali?
Did Duryodhana plan Rajasuya to establish Dharma?
Do Hindu scriptures allow the use of weapons of mass destruction like the Brahmastra to annihilate the civilian population of a foreign country?
Has any Asura or Rakshasa destroyed a city with an Astra, like the Brahmastra?
Has the army of Vaikuntha under the command of Vishvaksena ever fought alongside the Devas or humans in wars against Asuras and Rakshasas?
What are all the incidents mentioned in the scriptures where Asuras have tried to destroy the Earth?
Do the armies of the Asuras and Rakshasas ally with the Mleccha kingdoms in their attacks on the Vedic civilization?
Multiple Narakasura's in scriptures
Does the notion of the earth as a planet within the Solar System exist in scripture?
Is it a sin for a human to kill innocent Rakshasas, Asuras, Pisachas, or Nagas?
What do the scriptures mention about sleeping postures and mattresses?
Is the birth time of Swami Vivekananda available?
Which words are used by Pandavas to address Dhritarashtra and Gandhari?
Source of Ramayana Mantra
Did Swami Vivekananda worship a personal deity?
In garbha upanishad, in what way the seven types of colors were classified? And what are the significant of it?
Where did the following name of Vishnu has been taken from?
Do Bali Hindus eat beef and pork?
Why are all mantras still in Sanskrit only even after the emergence of local languages?
Who are the 33 koti devas ? Does the word 'koti' mean type(category) or crore (number)?
In which talk/scripture Swami Vivekananda tells to keep telling yourself that you are Brahman?
Who is actually learning? Is it Atman or me?
Does Shiva have avataras?
What are the 18 bhavas in which Sri Ramakrishna was siddha?
Why according to Vyasadeva, Shaiva-mata is inconsistent with the Vedas?
What is the structure of Skanda Purana?
Why did the direct disciples of Mahaprabhu not accept any relation with the Madhva Sect?
Resources to Astronomical references in Hinduism
Does the incident of Shankara meeting a Chandala prove that Shankara never had realization?
Who are five Acharyas between Gaudapada and Adi Shankaracharya mentioned by Vidyaranya?
Where did Thirumangai Alwar meet Narasimha?
Are some of the words from Vedas still untranslatable?
What scripture or text is the source of this verse on living on others money such as a woman's wealth?
Under which school does the teachings of Brahma Kumaris fall under?
History of Brahmin's diet
As per hinduism, does life span of human depends on his respiratory breaths?
Is worship of Lord Hanuman associated with Vaishnavism or Shaivism?
Which avatar of Vishnu took place in the twenty first yuga?
What exactly do we mean by the term 'deep meditation'?
How does Vedanta Desikan interpret Ramanujacharya’s statement about Brihaspati’s brother Samvarta?
What daily practices (achara - anushtana) should a brahmana follow?
What are the philosophical differences between Vishishtadvaita Vedanta and Shivadvaita Vedanta?
What is the list of things needed for Vedic marriage?
What are the sources of Shubhashitani (sanskrit sayings/proverbs)?
Green Tara and Parvati
Marriage within the brahmin shakhas
List of female Vedic seers (rishkAs)
Complete biography/hagiography of Ramanujacharya
Which Sri Vaishnava Acharya drew this world map based on the Mahabharata?
12 Major battles between the Devas and Danavas
Who was the last Brahma-Vadini as per scriptures before the current Kaliyuga?
What was the population of India in the age of Lord Krishna?
How many times solar eclipse have occured during mahabharata war?
Scriptural basis for the spirit of the term 'Daridra-Narayana' coined by Swami Vivekananda
Can somebody provide authentic description of fifty-one Shaktipeethas?
Is Dwarapalaga in Shiva temples is Nataraja?
74 simhasana-adhipathi established by Sri Ramanuja-acharya?
What does Shiva purana says about Shiva wear tiger skin and hold a trishul with damru?
How many kaliyugas completed till now and every kaliyuga kalki will come?
Where to read about Lord Dhanvantari?
Smritis for Brahma-Vadinis
How does giving up food and water help yogis?
Is Dharma unreal in Vedanta?
Which Mleccha race do Thenkalais think Thirumangai Alwar was descended from?
What is the relation of Aditi and Daksha?
Why Devi Para-Shakti is not shown with three eyes in many parts of India?
How was Mahisasura, the demon killed by Mahalakshmi, (Mother Goddess) born?
What is the difference between Mantra-Siddhi and Bhagavat-Praapti?
How to perform penance to Lord Indra?
Any work of Madhwacharya or his disciples says Ramanuja was a demon?
What are the differences in the teachings of Gaudapada,Nagarjuna and Yajnavalkya?
Is there any relation between Kolasura killed by Devi and Kola-viddhangshi mentioned in Devi Mahatmya?
Is everything fixed and I (as a limited individual) am not the doer in spite of Heisenberg's uncertainty?
How are the object and the subject one and the same?
What are the characteristics of the 4 Yugas?
Does bad karma done in God's consciousness have consequences?
Who would be the survivors after end of Kali Yuga?
Can complete pure souls exist in Kali Yuga?
What is deva year?
Bad Karma and Moksha
What are the different concepts of Maya available in different scriptures and different sects?
Quotes on Srimad Bhagavat Purana
Sri Keyuravati of krama tradition
Which sadhana can make one omniscient?
Concept of Brahman according to different commentators of the Brahma-Sutra
Origin of Bajrang Baan
Is love and marriage all part of Destiny?
Which Sri Vaishnava works discuss Parashara’s Sharanagati for all Jivas?
What is the account of Vishnu and Brahma not being able to eat and creating a demi-god to "eat"?
Can one change their destiny from which is there in astrological predictions?
What are the names of necessary Vratas after marriage?
What are the unique contributions of Sri Madvacharya?
Which Vaishnava theories are based on Gopâlatâpini Upanishad?
What kind of position (importance) does Chaitanya Mahaprabhu enjoy in the sect called Gaudiya Vaishnavism?
What is Surya Kriya? What is its significance? How it is different from other related practices?
What are the different hasta (hand-postures) which Sri Vishnu holds in temples?
Why does the Sudarshana Chakra resemble a tantric yantra in this image?
Why is the holding of Chakra different in different images of Vishnu
Does Sita mention that she is a pativrata?
Does Kshatriya Dharma allow the sacking and pillaging of a country after it has been conquered, or the slaughter of its citizens during a conquest?
Which one of these two mantras is more powerful?
What is the significance of PAsha and Ankusha?
How did YogaNarasimha come into being
what are kalaas of arka, soma, bahni
Are women considered spoils of war according to Kshatriya Dharma?
Do the followers of Vivekananda believe that all religions are equal?
Is there a reference to Puranas in the Atharvaveda?
Some questions about Brahman
What is the reason behind the death of Jada Bharatha's father?
Which scriptures discuss purusha avatars?
What is the birth-place of Sri Chaitanyadeva?
Does the Srimad Bhagavatam say the Earth is flat?
Scripture(s) saying not to look at the sun during his rising and setting time
Is Krishna the only avatar among dashavatara who had more than one wife?
Which Veda Shaka, Gotra etc, will a person should follow after he was converted into Brahmin, Kshatriya or Vaishya?
Is a chakra a supernatural invisible thing, or a symbol for something natural?
Which name came earlier, Bharata or Bharati?
Age of River Vaigai
In Which Upanishad Can I Find The Story of the Creation of the Universe by Brahman?
What is the difference between the Vedas and the Puranas?
How do the followers of Vivekananda reconcile the contradictions in all religions when they believe all religions are equal or true?
What manuscript is this illustration from?
Where can I find Nilavanti Granth in Hindi/English Translation?
Have Hindu Philosophers attempted to solve problem of improbability of a creator him/her/it being more complex?
Who are the dark-coloured inhabitants in this Rig Veda verse?
What is the postion of Lord Shiva as per Srimad-Bhagavatam
Why did Varuna Deva want a human sacrificed to him?
Did Arjuna conquer Russia and where are the Nishkuta and white mountains?
Can one look at the rising and setting sun during Sandhyavandanam?
How does Sri Madhvacharya interpret Srimad-Bhagavatam 12.5.11?
Who is the Rama in the Harekrishna Mahamantra?
What Sri Vaishnava works discuss Dasharatha's Sharanagati to Parashurama?
Matsya Avatar in Satya Yuga?
Do Kshatriyas have to abide by the Dharmic rules of engagement when fighting enemies who do not abide by the same rules of engagement in battle?
Where in the Mahabharata does Krishna discuss Archa forms of Vishnu?
What is the Guru-parampara of Sri Ramakrishna's Vedanta-sadhana?
Did Sri Lokenath Brahmachari meet Sri Trailanga Swami at all?
How could Sri Rama communicate with the monkeys?
Why did parshuram curse stotras? Why Gita, Vishnu Sahasranama and Chandika Saptashathi among some more are free form all dosha?
Why Urvashi has given Arjuna the curse of being impotent?
Why does ISKCON translate bhagavan as 'Supreme Personality of Godhead' and others as demigod?
Ramayana of how many mahayugas are available now?
Can Rakshasas do Yajnas?
Why Lord Krishna's feet became vulnerable?
What is the name of Vishnu incarnation who performed the Meenakshi Sundareshwarar Kalyanam?
How much punya does Kanya Dana give?
What is difference between achintya and anirvachaniya?
Did Sri Ramakrishna learn the mantra 'Jiva-seva' from Sri Trailanga Swami?
Was Bhairavi yogeswari, the Tantra-Guru of Sri Ramakrishna, a disciple of Sri Trailanga Swami?
Do these rituals in the Brihadaranyaka Upanishad to bear children give fruition in this lifetime?
How come we can't see supernatural creatures in today's time?
Can Kshatriyas teach Brahmanas some Brahma Vidyas?
Why did Drona and Kripa, who were Brahmanas, fight in the Mahabharata war?
How Hanumanji being a monkey learned the Vedas?
Did the practice of polygamy in ancient India have the effect of preventing other men from getting married?
Are Advaita and Karma theory completely contradictory?
Punya shloko Nalo Raja meaning
Books by Sri PanchAnan Bhattacharya
Who are Paramahamsa-Sanyasis?
What are the contributions of all seven disciples of Adiyogi?
Do the followers of Ramakrishna Mission consider bible and quran to be authentic and holy?
What are the different pillars of Hinduism?
Does Ramakrishna Mission consider itself a Hindu organisation?
Are there instances of considering any Goddess as a female lover?
Is there any relation between ISKCON and Sri Narasingha Chaitanya Ashrama?
Which incident connects Paramahansa Yogananda with Swami Vivekananda?
What is the difference between Mantra-Diksha and Mantra-Chaitanya?
Why should one not whisper in Nandi's ears?
Sankaracharya's philosophical 'Sarvagnapeetha' event at Kashmir
Since Kaliyuga itself feels like hell (naraka), do souls still go to hell after death?
Hanuman panchakavacha in any scripture
Does ISKCON identify itself as a Hindu organization?
Did anyone ever receive Lord Shiva's Trishul as a boon?
Who decided to include only three particular texts in the group called "Prasthanatrayi"?
What is Bhuta Yajna?
Does Srimad-Bhagavatam glorify the Jnana-marga?
How can Brahman be the 'Anga-jyoti' of Sri Krishna?
Who killed the demon Hayagriva and when?
How does Shri Adi Shankaracharya or any Advaiti establish anumana as pramana, as the whole world is Mithyatmaka and is Maya?
Why did the Devas let Brihaspati be their guru even though he had sex with his brothers' wives?
On chastity of gods
Can a person of one caste have friends of another caste?
What are the varnas of Vashishta and Arundhati?
Can a human being become God and live forever?
Previous indra's scripturical evidence?
Who is NityA Devi Goddess
Why are Vishnu and Narayana mentioned as separate deities in Tantra?
Which scripture is the source of Naama-Aparaadha?
What is the source of this sloka mentioning gravity?
What is the difference between Devata, Upadevata and Apadevata?
What was the story of sage Kandu killing a cow following his father's words?
What is the significance of the Asana for doing Japa or Sadhana?
Does ISKCON advocate birth-based caste-system or guṇa-based? And on what basis?
How did Mahaprabhu Sri Chaitanya leave His physical body?
Was there any relation between Sri Trailanga Swami and Sri Shyamacharan Lahiri?
Can a brahmin eat meat according to shastras
How could Sri Sitaramdas Omkarnath accept Advaita Vedanta being in the Ramanandi-sect?
According to Advaita, what is the difference between Ishwara and Brahman?
What is the difference between Samadhi and Samapatti?
Is it true that at Tarapith, bhoga is first offered to Bamakhepa and then to Tara Maa?
Did Swami Vivekananda meet Sri Bamakhepa?
Conversion from Hinduism to other religions
To which caste do people from the Vishwakarma community belong?
Who was the sadhu from whom Tenali rama received the mantra?
How do the Hindu scriptures explain spiritual communication through a medium?
How to convert a given Vikram Samvat date into corresponding Gregorian Date?
Is getting promotion using influence dharma or adharma?
Do expiation(prayaschitta) in scriptures work for a person who do sin with the help of the corresponding expiation?
Does every Lords including Lord Shiva worship each other in different scriptures? Why?
Tripurasur was actually Mohammad
What work on Sharanagati did Thirukannamangai Andan compose?
Do demons (Asuras, Rakshasas, Pisachas, Nagas, etc) reveal false religions to humans according to Hindu scriptures?
Is 'Kali the Mother' a full repesentation of Swamiji's views on the Mother Goddess?
Significance and meaning of Krom bija mantra
What do the scriptures mention about Cleansing of Bodies before conception?
Why the rituals pertaining to birth, upanayan, marriage and death are different among the Hindus?
Can Sri Vaishnava Brahmanas offer meat to Vishnu and eat it as Prasadam?
How many prominent and most accepted commentaries are there on the Bhagavad-Gita?
Is Sachi the name of a position or person?
Are brahmins allowed to drink alcohol?
Was Krishnadeva Raya initiated into Vaishnavism?
Is it against dharma if a single son is following brahmacharya? Can an only son be a brahmachari even if he's not a sannyasi?
What are eight Asthakas of Rigveda?
What are ashtapathi, panchapathi and tarangi in bhajans?
What is the significance of bathing in river in Hinduism?
Can Moksha be achieved through Bhakti towards a physical object?
How does Shri Shankar's Advaita answer Shri Ramanuja's Tirodhan-Anuppatti?
How does Advaita answer the Seven-Anuppatti of Ramanujacharya
Mention of Siva cursing Saudasa(Somadatta) in Skanda Purana
Who's vishwedeva and what's his role?
What passages of Adi Shankaracharya’s Brahmasutra Bhashya does Sudarshana Suri cite?
How knowledge of weapons (shastra) शस्त्र got lost?
Previous births of Indrajit and Meghavāhana
What exactly are the 3 level Satya of Advaita?
Why Does Torture Exist?
Difference between srIvidyA upAsanA in Vedanta and in Tantra?
How is punishment and enjoyment possible in hell and heaven without body?
How exactly Moksha is considered eternal?
Are there any substitutes for Panchamakara?
Who is "Umayah" and "Devi" in the following mantra?
What are the various combinations of Rudraksha and their affects on humans?
Does Yama, the son of Sun god is the first human died?
How do I find a spiritual Guru for this particular Indra sadhana?
Why does Devi Bhagavatam say some Agamas as tamasic?
Why does Devi Bhagavatam classify Vedanta as sattvic?
Did Yajnavalkya commit Brahmahatya by killing a Brahmana?
Where can I read Prasthana Trayi from Satya Sai school?
Whats the basic reason behind placement of these deities?
Who is this God in the picture?
What is Gayatri Sadhana? How it is different from Gayatri mantra japa? What's its significance?
Where can I read Shakta Agamas online in English?
Ancient hindu Meditation books
Rigveda verse after nocturnal emission in manusmriti
What are the meanings given by Satya Sai to various names of Arjuna?
Where does Devi Bhagavatam say followers of Vaishnava Agamas go to hell?
What is expiation for breaking Hanuman vrat?
In Mahabharata, were people aware of Krishna's Reality?
Asura’s interaction with Maya
ISKCON's Bhagavad-Gita vs Other Bhagavad-Gitas
What is the difference between Maya, Mahamaya and Yogamaya?
Which God is known as God of Silence?
Meaning of Bhartrihari verse on Brahma and a swan's ability to separate milk from the water
Does Lord Indra protect the Aryan, Vedic civilization from attacks by Mleccha armies?
Did Sai baba of Shirdi mention anywhere that he will born again?
Which is more powerful Prakruti or Purusha?
What is the earliest reference to the “yo vapyetam” verse of the Katha Upanishad?
Were there any incarnations of Lord Shiva?
PRAVARA & SUTHRA - RIG-VED- JAMADAGNI GOTRA
Power of mental thought?
About UcchistaGanapathi and why its regarded as highest Ganesha form
Importance of Chinnamasta Sadhana
What scriptures describe these four types of living beings?
From which Gayatri Mantra is this part taken?
How did Vrishbhanu (father of Radha) life end? What happened to him?
Who is Ayan ghosh in Dwapara yuga?
Lord Rama's path to exile from Ayodhya in today's India
Can someone explain this Mudra being done by Ramakrishna Paramhansa in Samadhi?
Did Bhishma attain Swarga or Vaikuntha?
Where in the hindu sacred texts does it say animals do not create new karma?
Why Lord Shiva consume Kanjaa or some other drugs?
What are Sai Mahavakyas?
Where can I find Sahasranama Stotrams of Sri RamaKrishna, Shirdi Sai and Satya Sai Baba?
Raja/Hatha yogi or yoginis mukthi should be through brahmarandhra?
Why is Vishnu's skin colour mentioned as both white and blue in the Vishnu-sahasranaama?
Who should do Antim Sanskar (funeral rites) of married woman?
What is the story of Sathya Sai meeting Swami Vivekananda in his next life?
Why is the Gita called "GitA" instead of 'Gitah' or 'Gitam'?
Which scripture is the source of the following sloka?
Are "antarAtmA" (inner self) and "antaryAmI" (inner controller) the same in vedAnta?
Did Sanjaya and Barbarika see Krishna's universal form?
Has Adi Shankaracharya quoted Baudhayana Vritti in his commentary on Brahma Sutras?
How to pray to Brahman?
Is intelligence an innate quality of Brahmanas?
Was Shankara a bhakta of Saguna Brahman Narayana or did he consider Nirguna Brahman to be supreme?
Is Manda another name for Saturn (Shani)?
What does Adi Shankara mean with "reflection"
Days of week by names of planets?
Should Stotras and Mantras be recited aloud?
How old is the Bhagavad Gita?
What was Mahaprabhu's view on taking sannyasa?
What are some good books (in English) about or by Nigamananda Paramhamsa?
How far is Brahmaloka from our Earth?
The iconography of Shrinathji
Meeting of Sri Krishnaprema and Sri Ramana Maharshi
What is the difference between the Adi Sankar's concept of Ishvara and Krishnaprem's concept of Ishvara?
Which Sri Vaishnava Acharya called Nammalwar Dirgha Chintayanti?
Number and Types of Gotras
Is it a sin for Rakshasas, Pisachas, and Asuras to kill humans?
How does Mother Parvati change Her form to Mother Sati?
How many son(s) and daughter(s) did Vibhisana and Indrajit have?
What was Sri Adi Sankaracharya's role in the history of the Jagannath temple at Puri?
Which temple was built first at Puri?
Does anyone know the details of the 'great festival of Dogs' (Kukur-Mahotsava)?
Who are the (Sixteen?) Mothers referred to by Sri Adi Sankaracharya?
How does the Vaishnava commentators interpret 'NAda-Upasana' prescribed in Srimad-Bhagavatam?
Lagna Gayatri mantra
What scriptures describe the world’s population in earlier Yugas?
Why is Lord Jagannath shown as the Buddha Avatara in Puri?
Why does ISKCON images depict Mahaprabhu with sikha, sutra, kanthimala and tilakas?
How many Kalpas are there in total?
To which Kalpa does the Ithihasas fall into?
How is Heaven described in Hindu scriptures?
What is the "Golden Age" of 10,000 years in Kaliyuga?
Why should not we hang our ancestral (dead) photos near with God's photo?
Why did Hiranyakashyap make Prahlad sit on Holika's lap and burn
What ancient texts talk about tantra?
Where can I get the works of Jayatirtha and Vyasatirtha in English translation?
Came across this Yantra in a museum very recently. Which Devi's Yantra is this?
Jatayu's fight with indra
Is anti-Brahminism a quality of Asuras and Rakshasas?
Where to get the dhyana-Mantras of the eight Devis associated with Sri Yantra?
What is the difference between Dhyana Mantra and Mantra?
Is there any mention to avoid non vegetarian food on every Hindu festival?
Does time to awake kundalini depend on the sins of the individual?
Did Swami Vivekananda talk about errors or inconsitencies or prakshiptas in Hindu scriptures?
Are the birds called chatakas and chakoras mentioned in our scriptures?
How many and who heard Gita from Lord Krishna?
Where can we get the Nyaya Sutras along with their commentaries in English translation?
Why (and more importantly how) does Brihaspati always win?
How was the Moon created according to Veda/Puranas/Upanishads?
Did Rama see all women as his mother?
What does dream about killing birds who are attacking you signify?
From what tantric book is this illustration from?
Are people really punished for their bad deeds?
Why do women observe Holika vrata?
Why is 6th Chapter of 2nd Canto of the ISKCON Bhagavatam named "Purushasukta confirmed"?
What is the position of Lord Vishnu as per Shiva Purana?
Did Lakshmi exist before Kshir Sagar manthan?
Does Rakshasas belongs to human species?
Is preaching recommended or mandatory to a temple priest?
Hindus observe Nava Ratris twice in a year. What is the logic and theory behind the same?
Did Swami Prabhupada reject Advaita?
Gayatri mantra for Lagna
Which is the Taraka Brahma Nama for kaliyuga as per scriptures?
Whose Idol is this?
What is the overall role of Yantras? Are they used in Vedic ways of worship also?
What is Sarvato-Bhadra-Mandala?
Why do Brahmins have such surnames?
How does karma protect everyone?
Was there really a caste system in vedic period as it is perceived today by many?
On the existence of the gods and the relevance of prayer
What is the correct method to follow in chanting Hare Krishna Mahamantra?
Why Lord Shiva called as Samvatsarakara?
Classification of yoga in Hinduism
How do Sri Vaishnavas interpret this Sutra of the Apastamba Dharma Sutras?
Do Advaitin Sannyasis bathe daily?
What a son should do for his father's soul after 10 years of his death?
Who is the god Latavya worshiped by Madhwas?
Hiranyakashipu told everyone to worship himself as God, was he correct according to advaita?
Who is Hiranygarbha and what is the meaning of it?
What is the origin of Bhumihars?
How do Sri Vaishnava Acharyas interpret this verse from the Kaushitaki Upanishad?
Why is Nrisimha not a fierce form of God?
Is Cat the vahana of Devi Shasthi according to any scripture?
What is implied by the Tribhanga form of God or Goddess?
What is the scope of the injunction "One shall not look at a naked woman"?
Is there any easy technique written in Bhagavad GITA to control lust?
Alternative translations to Manusmriti 4.53
Is killing of a scorpion or snake not himsa according to the scriptures?
How to understand essence of mind (Thought) is consciousness in vedanta?
Why is Lord Kartikeya called 'Devasenapati'?
How long a day in brahmaloka releative to bhuloka
Is it a mental sin to think of killing other people, or fantasize about killing, or simulate the killing of other humans?
What are the positions of planets at the beginning of every Yuga (age)?
Where does Vedanta Desikan lament not being a priest in the Varadaraja Perumal temple?
What is the source of the different forms of Lord Narasimha?
What is the difference between sAdhAarA diksHA and nirAdhArA diksHA?
What are the important texts of Gaudiya Vaishnavism?
Was Rukmini at Vrindavan when she was young?
Goddess Kaali as Shri Krishna
Did Swami Vivekananda idealize Ekalavya for modern students?
What is the significance of the ghata-sthapana in the puja?
What is the reason of this two Shivas under Kali?
How to identify if one is enlightened or not? and what is enlightenment?
What is the difference between Sanyaas and Vairagya?
Has any Hindu scholar who upheld birth based Varna system refuted Assalayana Sutta?
Is there any relation between Trailanga Swami and Kulandai Swami?
How does Madhvacharya interpret Bhagavad Gita sloka 18.66?
According to Sri Vaishnavism, whenever there is a conflict between prapanna duties and non-prapanna duties, which takes precedence?
Why is the Virata Parva of the Mahabharata is read during the srAddha ceremony?
Are Mundaka and Mandukya Upanishads one and the same?
What's exact "ShukropAsita Mrityunjaya Mantra"?
Shiva and Brahma's severed head
What is source of this form of Mahaprabhu?
What does the demon kali staying in gold mean?
Did Vivekananda do prayaschitta to atone for his sin of eating meat as a sannyasi?
King Parikshit & Kali Yuga
What are the factors that determine the next birth? Between karma and last thoughts before death, which one is more relevant?
Is washing clothes in Ganga not allowed?
Why do we perform this ritual at someone's death bed?
Do scriptures give a method to recognize a truly self-realized person/jivanmukta?
What are sat Sandarbhas? What is the content of each sandarbha?
Days recommended for head bath for a women?
Physical exercise/activity importance in Hindu texts
Is the concept of karma fair or unfair?
A description of technology during Kalki's birth
What is scope of arthavada in Hindu scriptures?
Request to identify swastika motif/yantra seen at temple in Hawalbagh, Almora
How to identify a doomed horoscope(Jatakam)
Who is this Devi?
What does this symbol mean?
What is the significance of this form of Sri Krishna at Udupi?
Why did SriSailapurna say Sri Ramanuja's brother that Lord Shiva is 'Lila-dveshi'?
Can Sri Krishna be called 'a person'?
What is the pramanya of the Naalayira Divya Prabhandham?
How do Sri Vaishnavas know that the Alwars were incarnations of Nitya Suris?
According to advaitins, which brahma sutra says that the world is mithya?
Do the official Advaita Shankaracharya Peethams reject the teachings of Vivekananda as heretical?
Which scriptures describe the Dupahariya flower?
New to Hinduism
Did 'Cinema Songs' exist during Hiranyakshipu's time?
Did Prahlada think that the worldly people are 'fools and rascals'?
What was Prahlada's age when his father was killed?
What could be preventing Krishna to advance to the Middle West states?
Can anyone explain the meaning of Ramraksha strotra?
How can I stop thoughts when meditating?
What are the details of this process of identifying a thief in the scriptures?
Why is the idol of a lizard kept in front of the Divine Mother at Dakshineswar?
What does the snake on the body of Srinathji signify?
Why are currency notes kept in the hand of Varanasi Annapurna?
Are lokas the same as multiple dimensions?
Can someone explain the creation and evolution of mankind as per our Sanatan Dharma (starting from the first Maanvantar)?
Difference between Archna and pooja
How did the Dvaitavadi Vaishnavas explain the brahma sutra that says Pancharatra is wrong?
What kind of scripture is the Naradiyakalpam?
Is Rajiv Malhotra right in saying concepts of papa, atma, etc have no equivalent in other religions
Is there any proof that none of our ancient rishis were unmarried or left their families?
Is there any scriptural injunction that says leaving wife and family for attaining God-realisation is a sin?
Is there any scriptural injuctions that says leaving 'Agni-seva' is a sin in kaliyuga?
Do Vadakalai Sri Vaishnavas believe that liberated souls do not have the power of creating any universe?
Is a bachelor or a widower person Godless according to the vedic scriptures?
Did Sri Chaitanyadev ever convert any Muslim to a Vaishnava?
Where Padma Purana says that a parrot can learn to chant the Hare Krishna maha mantra?
What makes one 'Jagad-Guru'?
Who are called Yavanas?
Remain conscious while dying?
Why are some brahmins called Dwija or twice born?
How Does Hindu Dharma Differ from Other Religions?
When were women allowed to have multiple husbands without sin?
What is the name of Yoga Nidra Wakeup Conch?
What is the scriptural logic behind the equality of 'Naama' and 'Naami'?
Guru Shishya relationship
Why was Varna formalised?
Where did sage Bhrigu do penance?
A question regarding the 'pranama-mantra' of 'Prabhupada'
How did shiva get the name Trikagni kaala?
Was Nityananda Mahaprabhu a non-vegeterian?
Mention of "Bhagavan" in Upanishads
What is the full form of this sloka?
Who is invoked in gayatri mantra?
Does any scripture say that a 'Jivanmukta' never suffers from disease?
Why do Lord Vishnu's incarnations worship Lord Shiva?
Is the rivalry between Sugriva and Vali overdramatic?
Shiva and Mohini
Why Gaudiya Vaishnavas don't accept Advaita when Chaitanya Mahaprabhu accepted Sridhara Svami?
Does the fruit of Mantra Japa automatically go to Indra if Japa Samarpana Mantra is not chanted?
The iconography of Laddu Gopal's soles
What is the full form of the following sloka?
A question on Kali-Puja
Books on Brahma Sutras
Can yantra and mantra work without diksha from guru?
What is the history of this Kali form of Lord Shyama-sundara?
How to do sankalpa from Singapore?
How does advaita defend against this argument?
Meat and fish eating in the Vedas
Why did Swami Vivekananda say that Dvaita, Vishistadvaita and Advaita are all correct?
which mantra(s) should be chanted before going to sleep and awake from morning?
Is it necessary to read the Mahatmya in Bhagavad-Gita?
Where did Ravana keep his Mulabala forces?
What is the position of Durga in Gaudiya Vaishnavism?
How is the Antim Sanskar of unmarried hindu Women done?
According to Hindu scripture where is the center of universe?
Is alleged claim that Chaitanya Mahaprabhu was from a Shakta family have any basis in authentic biographies?
What is the relation between Light (Suryadevta) and Air (Vayu)?
How did the concept of 'Sect' arise in Sanatana Dharma?
Sahadev method of prediction
Forms of Paramatma in Sri Vaishnavism
Suggestions for Hindu books regarding political philosophy
How many times Krishna called Arjuna with different names? And what are those names?
Kechari Mudra and Khechari vidhya going beyond placing the tongue in the nasopharynx (10th gate)
Is Astrology considered scientific?
What is the story of origin of Yoga?
Have Hindu philosophies dealt with subjective vs. objective pramana (evidence)?
Is religion different from science ? Especially when it comes to falsifiability of claims?
What was the reason of birth of chaitanya mahaprabhu?
How to reduce Tamasic qualities?
How does one know that how many births he/she is yet to take? And is his/her present level of conciousness?
In need of Atharva Veda books translated by Dr Tulsi Ram
Which Mission is implied by the purport of Gita 10.42?
Is there any commentary of Brahma Sutras 1/3/38-39 that does not recommend physical torture of the sudras?
Why does god exist?
Why does Brahman not grant moksha to all according to uttara-mimamsa?
What is the source of rAmachandra having a green colored form?
Should we remove gemstone while sleeping? Any other situation where we should remove it?
What is the scriptural source of the DHYANA SLOKA of Sri Padmanabha Swami?
What is the source of this symbol?
Why Ramcharitmanas received more popularity than Valmiki Ramayana?
Can I worship Krishna to fullfill my material desires?
What is Spirituality? What is a Spiritual path?
The three gates of hell: Lust, anger and greed. What are they? & Why are they bad?
Is there any commentary available on Kutashlokas (VyasRahsya) of Mahabharata?
Is it necessary to follow all the instructions from Gita?
Is there any avatar supposed to be born between the death of Krishna and the birth of Kalki?
what is Samayachara? (I have read it in relation to 'Shri Vidya')
Whom do I worship?
What scripture says “the Pranava is the highest letter”?
SB 10.88: Why does Supreme lord's devotees lives in poverty?
Will god get angry if I start worshiping another god?
Has the neo-Vedanta school written a commentary on the Brahma Sutras?
Is it a sin for promiscuous, unmarried women to have sex with many men?
Where is the concept of Prapatti/Saranagati mentioned in the mukhya upanishads, as per the Sri Vaishnava interpretation?
Is it possible for someone to perform prapatti or sharanAgati for those who have died?
If a bramhachari breaks his vow
What are the 132 types of upachaara?
Is Bhagavad-Gita an Upanishad according to the scriptures?
Clay Sanskrit Library and Mahabharata
What is implied by the word 'Desika'
Are there mentions in Hinduism about instruments which allows one to know others thoughts and influence them? And is it sinful?
Can one learn to fight by doing tapasya? Is there any proof that tapasya will actually work?
How could King Janaka study Bhagavad-Gita?
Did Krishna say in Bhagavad Gita "I am in every living being"
Following Your Passion/ Dreams against Hinduism?
Belief In God or Knowledge Of God. Which is better?
Is the BORI Critical Edition of the Mahabharata the most authentic?
What is Adi Shankara referring to when he says "He has Vajra marks on his feet"?
Jada Samadhi , Jeeva samadhi and Siddha vithai does this lead to jnana and moksha?
What does Lord Rama wear?
Is Bhagavad Gita a success manual?
Why are Yama or Agni or Matarishvan not worshipped even though they are Forms of the Supreme God?
Does the concept of ahimsa make knowing and/or influencing thoughts, emotions and feelings of others paapam?
Who are the Samaneans?
What is the name of the power which allows one to know future in dreams?
Is it necessary to do meditation on God?
Why is there a Bheem temple in Gorakhnath Mandir ,Gorakhpur?
Why is Goddess Kali depicted as standing on Shiva with her tongue out?
Karma-Stimulus Paradox
What is Swecchachara?
What actions make Pitru कुपित (angry)?
Is the word &/or notion of "jāti" found in the Vedas?
Does any scripture mention that forms of God or Goddess are symbolic?
What scriptures describe the Rishi Shalihotra cutting the wings off of horses?
What is the position of Lord Vishnu in the different 'Vaishnava' sects?
How does Sri Ramanujacharya explain this part of the Vishnu-Purana?
How do advaitins defend argument against scriptural eternity?
What are the three types of languages of the scriptures?
What is the Significance of 'paadaseva' of Sri Vishnu?
Bharat bringing sandals of Lord Rama
Does the transliteration of 'Dravidian' exist in Hindu scripture? Does 'Dravida' refer to a Geographical area or an ethnic group?
What is the purpose of Karma Yoga? Is it mandatory for everyone to do?
Do any scriptures talk about Shastradhari Sannyasis?
What is the proof or argument for reality of brahman in advaita vedanta?
In which language(Lipi) are the Vedas written?
Does bacteria and virus have souls in them?
Sri Rudram and other mantras in Pada Patha
Am I allowed to enjoy work while following the path of Karma Yoga?
Six Hindu philosophical systems and Puranas
Is there any Dharmic idea of unity on the basis of religion? Did the Aryans themselves treat Sanatana Dharma as a religion?
Sankhya yoga - Bhagvat Gita
Alternative to "rest in peace" (RIP)
Where is Bhagavad Gita referred to as Hari Gita?
Is crossing the ocean (Samudrollanghana) a taboo in Hinduism?
Who compiled Saptasloki Gita and Chatuhsloki Bhagavata?
Some daily-life hacks to always keep remembrance of God / Isht Devta or Devi
Did Lord Ram visit this place during his exile?
Does Hindus believe that one can see god after death as per Advaitha?
Where can I get Paramata Bhanga by Vedanta Desikan?
Does Yamunacharya consider Brahman as vibhuti of Vishnu?
Which form of God is referred to as 'Hari'?
How to get motivated to work if you follow Gita chapter 2, verse 47
Can any one achieve anything in this world?
What does nirguna stand for in SB 10.88.5?
Where can I find a reference to all the avatars of Mahadev?
What is the scriptural reference of the 'Dadhivamana' Form of Vishnu?
What is the difference between Dakshina Kali and Guhya Kali?
What is the source of the following sloka?
What is the difference between Panchanana(Shiva) and Panchananda?
Difference between meditating in padmasana Vs shavasana?
Why does the Gayatri Mantra NOT end with OM except in Bengal?
Can one know what he was in his previous life?
Is spiritual realization of advaitin real?
Is this how we measure our spiritual level?
Do our scriptures talk about life span of Tridev?
What is the difference between Avadhuta and Jivanmukta?
Who is teacher of Lord Ganesha?
Is work worship?
Are the eight directions and their deities associated with eight orifices of body?
Which verse from Padma Purana states that life originated from the aquatics?
When did the worship of Sri Radha start?
Should we worship God according to our ability?
Correct procedure of giving Arghya to Surya according to our scriptures?
Was Sri Krishna's vishwaroopam seen by anyone before the Gita Upadesha?
Can realized advaitins be called atheists?
Does Lord Krishna approve propagation of the Gita worldwide?
Were the native people of Lanka, Tamilians?
How is the term so'ham interpreted by different schools?
How is the Visvarupa of Lord Shiva different from the Visvarupa of Lord Krishna?
How to reconcile the two sayings of the scriptures?
Who is the first commentator Vishvesvara on Gopala Tapani upanishad?
What are prerequisites for inquiry into brahman?
Why did the gopi-s suffer so much after Knowing God so closely?
English or Hindi translation of Vyasa Smriti
Who are these first commentators on Bhagavata?
What are the names of the saints mentioned in the Bhaktamal?
Is there any writing in the scriptures that tell us how the caste system went from fluid to rigid?
Is this statement supported or contradicted by the scriptures?
Sthala Purana of the Thiruneermalai Temple
Which of the six Darshanas are atheistic?
Are there any Puranas that are no more extant but known well?
Does any yogic siddhi let a human to be simultaneously present at two different places physically?
Why is Sri Krishna not worshipped as father?
How are these contradictory statements of Vishnu Purana harmonized?
Guru Tattva in Vaiṣnavism
Significance of dreaming of shivji
How many Saptrishis have been mentioned in scriptures? Which Yuga did they belong too?
Does Gita support doctrine of eternal samsara?
What makes Durvasa a monk?
Did Lord Rama really worship Lord Ranganatha?
How do Advaitins explain the meaning of the verse "naikātmatāṁ me spṛhayanti" in Srimad Bhagvatam 3.25.34?
Do these Garuda Purana verses say that Karma is supreme and acts on all?
What is and where is story of Ahobila Nava Narasimhas found?
Where is the story of Yashoda's complaining not witnessing Krishna's marriages found?
What's the significance of the name Panchashikha?
Are there any Shaiva groups?
"Tvaṣṭṛ" and "Tvaṣṭā"
Can one learn the Upanishads (Jnana Kanda) without learning Karma Kanda of Vedas?
For normal people, is a guru needed or recommended to get Raja Yoga?
Is there anything in our scriptures where it says something similar to "As a man thinketh in his heart, so is he"
Is Maricha a yogi?
Does anyone have access to bheedaa panchanga from 'Dashavidyaa Rahasya' of Rudrayaamala Tantra
How many indra are there till now?
Is Shiva Purana authentic?
where is free will located?Is it located in ahamkara or mind?
Which of the Hindu texts mostly concern with scientific studies of the past?
Just like there is a Shiva Purana and Vishnu Purana, is there a Purana praising Brahma?
In which scripture does the Sun named Gabhasti appear
How to reconcile?
Ariṣṭhā and Pradhā
What would be the Sankalpa Mantras if Tarpana should be performed in Bangkok?
Who is the author of Tantra sastras?
if Brahman has no attributes like mind,memory.Then how he created universe?
Which is the Purana Brihat Samhita depicted in?
Why do we worship Lord Hanuman on these weekdays?
How does one contemplate his identity with Lord Shiva?
Any root scriptural basis or notions for Preaching & Conversion to Sanatana Dharma - Eternal way? Like Matthew 28:19?
What is the source of "ārādhanānāṁ sarveṣāṁ viṣṇor ārādhanaṁ param" (of all methods of worship, Viṣṇu worship is the topmost)?
What is Shri Venkateshwara Mangalasasana stotram recited for?
Which scriptures say that "Durga Devi is ignorant about Spiritual Life"?
Why is Dhoomaavatii not to be worshipped in Kali yuga?
What is the purpose of life? Is it all about being happy or being useful to others?
Is there any mention of Swastika in Vedic mathematics?
Vedic Temples on Earth's Magnetic Lines
How can an unmarried person repay their debt to parents and ancestors?
In the painting shown who is the person standing on stairs in front of the throne?
Want to know about Sri Pavhari Baba
Sri Ramakrishna Paramhansa's death
Why has God created material system/universe?
Permanent sutak on festivals
Why are different forms of Vishnu to be remembered while doing different types of work in the Vishnu Shodasanama Stotra?
What are the objections raised by Radhagovinda Nath against the teachings of Srila Bhaktivinoda Thakura?
How would dualistic schools of Vedanta (Vishistadvaitha and Dvaita) debate with a Buddhist?
How many shakas of Vedas are not extant now?
Side effects of Initiation by a Guru?
Does anyone have access to the texts or manuscripts of the Parameswara Tantram and the Vadavanaliya Tantram?
What is Sri Chaitanya's Shiksastakam?
What does "vinyasa" mean?
What is difference between Trinity Vishnu, Shiva and 12 Aditya Vishnu and 11Rudra Shiva?
Has any Vedantin criticized this teaching of the Buddha?
Where do souls stay until they reincarnate?
Does guru get good karma of disciple?
How is Vishnu remote controlled by Devi Bhagavati?
Hindu views on biological evolution
Is this verse supported or contradicted by any other scripture?
Lakshmi mantra translation
What to do when scriptures go against conscience?
Are Dharma sutras different from Dharma Shastra?
Why do seeing Devas, Yaksas, Raksasas, Gandharvas is obstruction to an yogi?
Did Mandodari marry Vibhishana after Ravana was killed?
Can a married man wanting to maintain brahmacharya engage in sex for just sensual pleasure instead of progeny?
Where in the Vedas do we find : 'aharahah sandhyAm upAsita'?
Which verse(s) from the Srimad Bhagavatam was/were quoted by Acharya Abhinavagupta in his commentary on the Bhagavad-Gita?
Does the Kalika Purana identify itself as "Srimad Bhagavatam"?
Is Navagraha Stotra (Japakusuma-sankasham...) an independent work of Maharshi Vyasa or part of any scriptures?
Is Rama a Naishtika Brahmachari?
What is Tri-Pushkara dosha and what are its remedies?
Who compiled the 'Bharata-Savitri'?
Why is moksha difficult to attain?
Effects of Hawan/Yajna on health
Are there verses from scriptures which list 24 tattvas according to Sankhya Darshana?
Do we have any preaching or works of Lord Parashurama?
What are sacrifices done on new moon and full moon where a part is thrown for Rakshasas?
Who is Thyagaraja?
What is meant by askalitha brahmacharya?
English translation of Ṣaḍviṃṡa Brāhmaṇa attached to the Sāmaveda
How exactly is the Indra-Ahalyā affair narrated in Ṣaḍviṃṡa Brāhmaṇa?
How exactly does creation happen for Dwaithis?
What is the story of Kali the demon?
sanskrit mantras and reading doubt?
What does three steps of Vamana avataar symbolize?
What does Sun obstructing the path of liberation mean?
What is the historical origin of Yoga?
What is the historical origin of Bhakti?
Does Tantra say cow is sacred animal?
What are the differences between Sri Vaishnavism and Kashmiri Shaivism?
Is it permissible to transgress scriptural injunctions when they are against your conscience?
Origin and meaning of the Saraswathi slokha
Do Dvaitins, Vishistadvaitins and Achintya-Bheda-Abheda-vaadins consider the dream world as real?
Views of ISKCON giving importance on Bhakti Yoga
Is BG 16.23 referring to Vedas or dharma śāstras?
Is levirate marriage allowed in Hinduism?
Which scripture contains sri datta stavam?
In Bhagavad gIta, why does Krishna talk about his opinions?
Were there religious wars in Hinduism itself? As it was the case for Christian between Catholics and Protestants?
What is the meaning of mahavakya and how was/is it used?
What is the Dvaitha world view?
What was the logic Bhairavi gave in support of her claim that Ramakrishna was an avatar?
When avatar concept got introduced in Hinduism?
Why vibheeshana did not choose to be neutral?
What is the status of Gods other than Vishnu in Dwaita?
What are the consequences for the mangalik people born in Atiganda yoga?
When paramatma can control souls why does he need various weapons?
Is the quote "Don't let others lead you, decide your own path" really from the Vedas?
Hinduism about sex before marriage?
What is ShiroVrata (a vow of holding fire on head)?
Where is the word 'Bhagavad Gita' found?
Where is the verse "ami sarvatmanayam atrapi srimad dasarathatmajah" found?
Two conflicting thoughts among hindus in recent days?
Way of beheading before consuming meat
In which purana is vamana's boon that bali would be indra in next manvantara is mentioned
Who were the people that thought Śaṅkarācārya was the author of Bhagavad-gītā?
Do Gods help us in controlling desires?
How to identify correct readings in scripture in case of ambiguity?
What other yoga scriptures has kak bushundi or bhushundi maharaj gifted to mankind?
What is the varna of Adrusyanti (Shakti's wife)
Why do we offer milk to Lord Shiv's shrine only in Shravan month?
Is there any English translation of Vivekachudamani bhashya by Shri Chandrashekara Mahaswamigal?
Why did lord Rama take help of Sugriva?
Why does SB 9.10.9 say that it was Rāma (and not Lakṣmaṇa) that disfigured Śūrpaṇakhā?
What is the oldest version of Ramayana?
Do scriptures classify nightfall as sin?
Do RV 8.33.19 and 10.85.30 suggest women should wear a veil in the presence of men?
How to hear Anahata sound during meditation?
What is the meaning of 33 koti in reference to Hindu gods?
What is the meaning of Katha(कठ) in Katha Upanishad?
Timelines of Ramayana, Mahabharata, Vedas, and Upanishads
Pouring of water on 'shivalingam'
What is Paramapadam? Is it different from Vaikunta?
History and philosophy of Krishna sects
History and philosophy of Rama sects
The third eye of lord shiva
Do sages have unlimited time vision?
What is origin, purpose and future of whole system of everything so called known and so called unknown?
Where is the verse "rakshasah kalim ashritya" found?
lower self to higher self
According to Dvaita, are there puranic examples where Ishwara(God) or anyone(Sages and Saints) who has turned anybody's Jeevatma into Jada?
What is the meaning of the verse which Tirumazhisai alwar reminded to the Brahmins?
Hinduism v. Buddhism
Will other family member be punished for the sins of another family member
Which biographies of Sri Chaitanya Mahaprabhu is it stated that His Sankirtana movement will spread throughout the world one day?
Are Brahmacharis(male) allowed to grow hair(and facial hair)?
Scriptural basis for Ramakrishna's claim about 'inner nerve of memory' (medhā nāḍī)
What is the most confidential knowledge in Bhagavad-Gita spoken in BG 18.64?
Does tapasya remove even dhatus?
What are Atipurana. What are the names of these Purana?
Any scripture describes five types of Brahmins?
Why is Shiva and Parvati depicted with their children but not Vishnu and Lakshmi?
Garuda Sannidhi in Kanchipuram Varadaraja Temple
Do vedas says that Ishwar is shapeless / formless?
Where is the verse "harer nama harer nama....gatir anyatha" found?
Where is the full story of Radha Krishna?
About meditation for memory and concentration
How did Swami Dayananda Saraswati get the title of 'Maharshi'?
How to meditate keeping shiva in breath and mind and as my beloved?
Is it okay to keep a nataraja statue at Northeast corner of the house?
Which god is responsible for smarana in humans?
What is the reference for the following from Bhagavad geeta?
When can karmaphal transfers from one person to another person?
Death formalities done under wrong Gotra
Influence of Samkhya on other darshanas
Visiting Tirtha Kshetras during Asaucha
What siddhis are achieved when one attains turiya?
Was Vamana a giant when he put his foot on Bali?
Did Adi Shankaracharya establish Sringeri Peetam after destroying an existing Buddhist monastery?
Does Valmiki Ramayana or Vyasa Mahabharata or Srimad Baghavatham contain the names of ten incarnations(dashavatharas only)?
How did some Jain Bunts became administrators of Hindu Temples?
What is the story of Grihpati avatar of Lord Shiva?
Ability to give 'Shraap' (curse) is a type of Siddhi or what?
How to become a Hindu?
Which chapter in Skanda Purana contains the greatness of Ramayana?
Does Samadhi mean that the soul never gets reincarnated?
Is a devotee of lord Hanuman required to maintain his chastity?
What are all the titles conferred to Ramanujacharya?
What is the meanaing of the word Saraswathi?
Who or what attains moksha?
Which are the sub sects and shakas are Non-Brahmins in Sri Vaishnava community?
What can we eat and what we can't eat during Mother Lakshmi's fast?
Is moksha only for the current universe or for forever?
Are there yajnas that can be done to increase the quality of life and happiness of all people?
Who were the sons of Varuna killed by Ravana?
What are the arguments of Purva Mimansa that says Brahmanas are Apaurusheya?
Is Thenkalai Iyengar sect really Brahmin?
What happens to the soul that attained liberation? Is it ever reborn again?
What will happen if everyone gets liberation (moksha)?
In purana, any incident boy marrying girl older than him?
Marrying older women allowed in Hinduism?
What are sattva, rajas and tamas?
Substitute to Madi Clothes
How did the rishis know what the gods looked like?
Does Rig Veda 10.59.7 talk about rebirth?
How Yantras were designed?
Is any name of Vishnu Siva?
Why ignorance/believing causes suffering?
Is there an English translation of "Sarvartha Siddhi" by Vedanta Desika?
Do Hindu scriptures mention researchers or scientists?
Aren't Rakshasas known for uncontrollable passions, lust, greed and deceit?
Does god forgive those who are not aware of hindu traditions?
Is there any meaning for the name Nala?
What are the prayers of Kunti to demi-gods for begetting children?
Is mleccha entirely different from Hindu classification?
What is anuloma viloma pranayama?
What does the atomic nature of mind mean in Nyaya sutras?
What is the name of consort for Narasimha avatar?
Why third eye is vertically placed?
What is the story of Samaveda Shakas destroyed by Indra?
Is there any English or Hindi translation of Charanavyuha of Shaunaka available?
Is it true that there were roadside trees in Ayodhya according to Valmiki Ramayana?
Subrahmanya Shodasa Nama Stotram from Skanda Purana
Why did ravana send his warriors one by one?
Is there an English translation of Shri Vidyaranya's Sarva darshana sangraha online?
What kind of effects does mantra japa have on our bodies?
Did Adi Shankara persecute Buddhists in Nagarjunakonda?
Why is Halahala Poison the one that came out of Churning of Ocean depicted in Blue in Shiva's throat?
Mudras in Danda Pranam Namaskar
Who is Goddess Tvarita?
Where is the story of Radha being born blind found?
Where are the stories of Chandravali and Ayan found?
Why didn't anyone ask for infinite wishes for a boon?
Views on puranas as texts to be taken literally or metaphorically?
Did Bhimasena laugh at Duryodhana infront of Vasudeva?
Does Vedas describes about Rudra wear tiger skin and crescent moon or holds trishul & damru?
Is there any relation or similarity between Rudra & Indra?
Which puran describes about the curse of kashyap rishi by which Shiva had to behead his son?
Distance from earth to heaven
How Vidarbha from scriptures is same as current Vidarbha?
Meaning of manor layam
Do anyone has infinite tapas Shakti (power) other than Brahman?
Advaita vedanta texts recommendations
Is there a scripture that refers to the circumambulation (kora/parikrama) around Mt Kailash?
Bhagavad Gita for Kids
Which are the methodologies for interpreting Vedas?
Why is there such a stark contradiction in Vedic hymns and many Puranic stories?
Are there any mantras that does not need any guru initiation but gives siddhi?
What all are the parameters needed for getting a mantra siddhi?
Which calender is correct ? Poornimantha (month ending with poornima) or Amantha (month ending with Amavasya)?
Who is RakthaChamundi Devi
Raavana's dress code during abduction
How to restore bhakti after you stopped praying for a long time?
Who wrote Ravana kaviyam?
What is ajivika?
Who are aryan? where do they come from?
What is the exact scriptural meaning of Shraddha?
Chamunda mantra chanting benefits
What was Adi shankara s view on Puranas?
Which are the characteristics of brAhmaNas?
Avatars of Garuda
Can I trim / shave my own head being a Brahmin?
English translation of Garga Samhita on Krishna
Proper response when we pray, but outcomes are negative?
Why aren't all works whose authors are not known regarded as authorless (apauruṣeyā)?
How do English translators of Vedas interpret the Vedas?
Need to know the verse numbers from Padma purana
What is the description of Radha's birth from Garga Samhita?
Was Maareecha's taking form of a deer in Ramayana an interpolated story?
Did Parashurama perform any expiation for killing his mother?
What is the name of the person who reconciled a line from Rudram to dakshinamurthy and Adi Shankaracharya?
Availability of English translations for commentaries of Gautama Dharmasūtra
Scriptures about announcement of possessing mantra siddhi
Currently how many types of peethas are there in India?
What significance (if any) does 21st June have for Yoga?
How many years have passed since the start of the current kalpa?
Advaita Epistemology
Why do most of the people visit India to achieve high spiritual state or for becoming great?
who is Goddess TArA
16 Names of Lord Vishnu
Why different gotra marriage is not practiced in North India fully?
When exactly do we use different mudras?
Question on Hindus marrying non-hindus
Why Lakshmana did not tell the name of Ravana to Hanuman even he knows?
How did Hanuman know that Ravana abducted Sita?
Was the Ivory image of Lion-human found in Germany indicating Narasimha?
Where all gods left?
Birth Rashi of Lord Rama
What is the earliest reference of three truths doctrines found among Advaitin's literature?
Which flowers & leaves ought to be offered to Lord Shiva?
On what basis do some people claim Krishna is really the only ultimate God?
Are Ursa Major and Ursa Minor associated with Jambavan and Jambavati astrologically?
Who was Arishtanemi?
Maa Tara Tarapith prayers and chants in Sanskrit
Is taking deeksha important in current situation or time?
What is the scenario when Shiva consumed halahal (poison) as per Shiva purana
Every Brahmin does aachman (purification) in the name of Vishnu. Then on whose name shukracharya will do so (aachman)?
If Sati's body was fully burned, then how 51 shaktipeeth came into existence?
What scriptures describe the layers of the Earth mentioned by Engalalwan?
Naivedyam / offering of food
Was the name mArIcha (मारीच), a demon in Raamayana, adopted from the word marīcikā (मरीचिका)?
Can gods appear to a turiya person
Is it possible to travel to different Lokas in turiya?
Questions on thoughts of Jealousy, Lust and Anger.......do they ever stop and where are they stored?
Does Lord Krishna tell about Kundalini?
Where do I find the authentic information about Ganesha Yantra?
Bringing metals into home on Saturday
Experiences of pregnant mothers in the scriptures who had notable children
Who is the first person to quote verses from Uttara Khanda of Padma Purana targeting Shankara and his philosophy?
Is English translation of Baskala Shaka available?
Did Pandavas ever participate in sex only for sensual pleasure?
Is Parakaya Pravesha mentioned in Mahabharata?
Kurukulla : The Hindu Version
What are the details of vanaspativijñāna (botany) in Atharva Veda?
Neela Saraswathi and Nila Devi
What is the name of sandipani muni's wife?
Which texts mention Patanjali other than Yoga Sutras? Which scriptures mention that Patanjali is an incarnation of Shesha?
Do Vedas support the practice of Satī?
Why agni is known as jaatavedas?
Why did gopis spend their time with Sri Krishna?
How to become spiritual?
Was Bhishma really not aware about the difference between Dharma and tradition?
Do Vedas describe about Rudra riding on a black chariot driven by red horses, about wearing golden jewellery and holding pinaka bow and deadly arrows?
When Shiva & Parvati had met for first time and what was the situation?
Why is Sri Krishna called as Kalamanika?
Does Shankara teach to renounce one's own duties?
I want to get a permanent tatto on my body. Is it sacred in Hinduism or not?
Why is Shiva, Hanuman, Gayatri are shown with 5 heads, but not Vishnu or Durga?
What form of Vishnu were the scholars referring to while saying he is adorned with four earrings?
Where is it mentioned that Lord Krishna is 16 kalas but Lord Ram is 12 kalas, when both are same?
Why Bala Parameswari not included in Dasamahavidyas
How old is "Om Jai Jagdish Hare"? What are the original lyrics?
Relationship between waking state and dreaming state?
Do the reason or consequences behind bad dream of killing snake mentioned in scriptures?
Can the 4,000 years old mural etched into the Darband-i-Belula cliff, Iraq be linked to Sri Rama and Sri Hanuman?
How can a brahmin attain powers in Kaliyuga similar to the Trikala Gnana brahmarshi's or Saptharishi's in other yugas?
Can a Mleccha/Uninitiated person chant 'Om Namaḥ Śivāya'?
Looking for mentions in our scriptures of leading life with practicality even if it means breaking sacred principles written in the holy scriptures
Why are Kshatriyas allowed to eat meat and other castes aren't?
What was the relationship between Ravan and Tadaka?
Does Swami Vivekananda belong to Shankara parampara?
Relation between Chamunda and Kali
Where are Karmas stored?
Was Lalitōpākhyānam not included in the Vāyu or in the Baṅgabāsi edition of the Brahmāṇḍa Purāṇa originally?
Reconsecration of deities
Is Sandhyavandanam different for each vedic line/shakha brahmin?
What makes a person a Hindu?
Is there any English translation available for Tattvartha Deepa Nibandha?
After how many days should an engagement or marriage be organised after the demise of a family member?
How do dvaitins interpret this verse from Bhagavad Gita?
Can atma enter into other living jivas?
What scriptures describe Vaishampayana making Janamejaya interested with a single verse?
Can i chant nama of lord Rama without initiation?
Scriptural mentions of the ability of other people to influence your life trajectory by being envious of you, what is the remedy?
What does the Vedic literature speak about pre-marital sex and sexual abstinence?
Where from I get Ribhu Gita?
Did even wisest persons, who followed Dharma in Mahabharata had false beliefs about castes?
Was Lord Shiva/Rudra compared with a tiger or a lion in both the Vedas and the puranas?
What are some recommended books and resources to biography and teaching of Sri Aurobindo?
Does the word Purusha occur in the Rig Veda other than Purusha Suktam?
What is the effect of emission of of Gamma/Delta brain waves during meditation?
What is the reason behind the demand of only 5 villages?
Prana in hands while meditating?
What is dhatu roop for हासिषु
Does earth have chakras as well?
Is good or bad absolute or relative? does it change over time?
According to scriptures, is postmortem of the human body appropriate after death?
Why Rudra was described as a physician or a surgeon as per Vedas?
Is Karma done in swarga valid?
How is Kṛṣṇa Yajurveda saṃhita different from Śukla Yajurveda?
Did Sāyaṇa commentate on Śukla Yajurveda?
Is Śukla Yajurveda 26.2 also present in Kṛṣṇa Yajurveda?
Where can I find yoga vashishta in pdf format?
What can we do so that all of us can increase own spiritual progress?
What are the names of Yamunacharya's disciples?
Why is an 'a' added at the end to names of Hindu gods and holy books?
What is the story of Lord Vishnu hiding himself in roots of plants?
Books recommended to learn about atheist and/or agnostic schools of Sanatana Dharma in details
Books recommended for learning about all of the different branches of Sanatana philosophy in brief
What is the significance of Ashadi Ekadashi?
Is there any non-Advaita interpretation of Yoga Vasistha?
What are the names of yamanchuryas Discplies
Did Karna fail in Draupadi swayamvar?
How many discplies really there with ramanjurchurya sage
Why did Sri Krishna say he is Usanas among seers?
Did Karna really used inappropriate words for Draupadi in dice game?
Effect of moon on ocean tides
Who is responsible for the creation of Earth, Lord Shiva or Adhishakti?
Is beef a tamo bhakshanam?
Where we can get unabridged puranas?
In a conflict between Guru and Shastra, what should be precedent?
What is the 'prAchinAgra Kusha' ? Does it loosely indicate the ice age?
Why does Lord Vishnu also wear Yajnopaveeta in temples?
Should Eclipses be considered as an auspicious and divine event or as an inauspicious occurrence?
English Transliteration of Vedas and Upanishads
Actual meaning of विद्युद in Mahabharata shloka
Attitude towards other devatas
Arrangement of Horses in Arjuna's chariot
Tharpanam on the Grahanam day
Did Dhritarashtra really give death punishment to Arjuna?
Does Yamunacharya think that Shruti doesn't take precedence over Smriti?
Does Yamunacharya not believe in the hierarchy of pramanas?
Size of the Battlefield of Kurukshetra
Hindu astronomy mapping with western astronomy
Gayatri mantra mental recitation
Why do some souls remain on earth after leaving the body after death?
Does each universe has different Veda?
How to know the traditions to follow for events?
Liberated souls come back
Primary weapon of kalki
Who gave Vajra or thunderbolt to Indra - Dadhichi or Usana?
Who will be target of Kalki?
Was Brihaspati mentioned in Rig Veda and Usana mentioned in Rig Veda and Bhagavadgita the same person?
What is the story of the scene carved on wood?
As per Hinduism, where can married lady wear Sindoor?
Do entire countries suffer punishment for their sins?
Who is Jambavan an incarnation of?
Is the purported "Buddhist Cosmology" found in the Vedas?
What is the scriptural source of the dhyana sloka of Lord Shiva given below?
Did Karna think that it was adharma to not appoint Duryodhana as king of Hastinapura?
Did arjuna violate the celibacy clause in his 12 year exile?
Can I keep a small murti of lord hanuman in my room
Is Vishnudharmottara the second part of Vishnu Purana?
Prayaschitta (regret) Mantra when one breaks fasting during Shravana month?
Did Shri Krishna point out wrong actions of Yudhisthira to Pandavas at any point of time in Mahabharata?
Are the Mahapuranas 18 in number? Cause I found 19
The strongest warrior of all time in the time of Mahabharatha
Urdhva pundra on utsavar of Lord Vishnu
Do the Gorkha people from Nepal have their ancestral origin in the people who were once the part of Gorakhnath's army?
Why "Radha-Krishna" and not "Krishna-Radha"
Might awareness link to quantum entanglement in such a manner
What is the life span of the people who are living in lower planetary systems (from Atala to Patala lokas)?
Is "dharmosmat kuladaivatam" from the Shastras?
Did Pandavas really complete their ajnatavasa?
Reading books on Puranas
Is there any description regarding the Kanwar Yatra in our holy books?
Contradictions between Ramayana and Aitareya Brahmana while describing about Shunahshepa
Is the law of karma violated when entire countries get punished for the evil actions of certain individuals?
Is subdivision of hindusim mentioned anywhere in vedas?
Is the statement 'Gods love the mysterious' also found in the Vedic Samhitas?
Why Krishna wanted to support Pandavas even when both Pandavas and Karuavas were wrong in dice game?
Is there any link between Indra and Subrahmanya (Skanda)?
In which scriptures that Hindu Number counting system is completely written?
Is it adharma for a daasi to be stripped by her swami?
What is prayaschitta for breaking the promise made to Lord Shiva?
Which purana mentions about the war & conversations between Shiva & Shani?
Source of the story Mrigari - The Hunter and Narada?
Where else is the movement of living entity within the womb is narrated apart from Bhagavata?
Who was mother of Subhadra? Rohini or Yashoda?
Where do I find Devotional Sanskrit Stotra Sung in praise of Lord Kartikeya from?
Is a similar statement on 10th topic of a purana from Bhagavata found in any other purana?
What is Advaita?
Can we skip fast if we aren't counting?
At what age did Arjuna recieve the knowledge of Srimad BhagavadGita from Sri Krishna?
What is the main reason behind pleasing lord Hanuman on tuesday?
Who was the Rishi Katyayan who became father of Goddess Katyayini?
Did Nakula and Sahadeva really treat Karna after donating his armour?
Bride Marriage after death of her grandmother
What can a king do to prevent Rudra from destroying his kingdom and people?
What is the significance of Deep Amavasya?
Is it okay to dispose a dog's dead body in the river?
How Balram reached Yashoda's house in Vrindavan?
Are there any dedicated Scriptures, that explain these various weapons, vyuhs and war tactics in details?
To whom is the advaita guru parampara shloka attributed to?
How did Satyavati die and how old was she at the time?
Were Krishna and Vyasa able to see (not imagine) future?
Brahmanda and Pindanda
How can married woman wearing mangalsutra can also wear rudraksha mala?
can a person marry more than one person
Did Sugreeva have a child?
Why Bheeshma being an Avatara of Ashtavasu and pious with his karma had to die in a tragic way?
Can we infer śatakratu शतक्रतु as a person with a wisdom in 100 ways?
The name of Ganesha's mouse
Bhagwan Shiva worship
Adi Shankaracharya's biography
What predictions of Bhavisya Purana have come true yet?
Did Arjuna, Drona, Bhishma and Ashvatthama kill any foot soldiers during the Mahabharata war thereby breaking one of the rules?
Would justice, punishment accomplishment and dharma establishment take place irrespective of which side Krishna fought for and which side won?
Can someone translate this Navagraha shloka and tell me what verseform this is?
Why is jagat mithya as per advaita?
Can anyone help me find this verse in the Atharva Veda?
Where can I learn about Hinduism?
Mythology vs itihasa?
Should we restrict drunk people to enter the temple?
Are both pleasure experienced by a rapist and the pain by the victim the result of their previous karma?
Is there such things as guru disciple curses? Or curses in general in Hinduism?
What were the reasons for adding "ôm" at end in Subrahmanyôm?
Why is Manavala Mamunigal covered with a hood of Adi Shesha?
Why do we put water around plate before eating in the process Chitrahuti (चित्राहुति) Or "Chitravati"?
Powers of Hanuman, made forgotten or Locked up?
Where to perfrom the Sandhyavandhanam and subsequent Japam
Why did Sanat Kumar gave Curse to Dawarpaala since they were just doing their job?
Is Kausika Bhashya on Vedas available in English?
How powerful was Brahmastra?
Procedure to initiate Brahmastra?
Which is the correct counting while breathing for Prāṇāyāma in Rajayoga?
Did Lord Vishnu have any avatar in other parts of world as well?
Which Vedic verses say that human life-span is about 100 years?
Can anyone throw light on ancient weights and measures mentioned in Hinduism scriptures?
Avatars of past manvantara
Can somebody be happy?
Can Brahmins atone for the sin of drinking liquor through other means than suicide?
How did Hindu scholars determine that North America is Kraunchadvipa?
Is it possible to convey the message through telepathy?
How did ancient Hindu scholars interpret the continent theory of Hindu scripture?
What text/scripture does this commonly propagated verse appear in - 'aaputrasya gatir nasti svargo naivaca naivaca'?
Wherein the Shatapatha Brahmana it was mentioned about 8.64 lakh alphabets in Vedas?
What's the consequence of breaking fast after ekadashi parana?
Why did Purusha Sukta from Rig Veda contain mention about Yajur and Sama Vedas?
Idols/Murti positions
Do the followers of the Ekayana Shakha still exist?
Is the pranava - om - mentioned in Vedas?
Who is Madhavi, performer of Sharanagati?
What was the opinion of Kumarila and Prabhakara about the Puranas?
What scripture is Manavala Mamunigal referencing where the Devas do Sharanagati after being defeated by the Asuras?
What was the opinion of Swami Dayanand Saraswati about the Purva Mimamsa?
Which species are Urdhvochhishta, Ardhochhishta and Ubhayochhishta?
Did Yajnavalkya have discussion with Sita's father or with some other Janaka?
Who are the demons killed by Lord Balarama?
What are the instances where Krishna promised that he would return to Vrindavan?
Do the days of forbidding non vegetarian food depends on the time of birth?
How can dualists belong to dashanami Sampradaya?
What is the the mantra being chanted in this video?
Do any vedic verses depict Lord Shiva to be supreme?
How to Give Painting of Baby Lord Krishna
Do Ushas and Kavya Usanas indicate one and the same epithet?
What is the difference between desire and papa and punya?
Snakes with multiple heads
I have intrusive thoughts about God
What are the texts associated with the six Vedangas?
Is there a second to me? Are you (seperate from me) real?
Why Lord Krishna didn't celebrate Deepavali?
How many verses are there in extant Vishnu Purana?
What is the spatial status of Jeevatma according to Dwaitha Vedanta?
Where can I get English or Kannada translation of Khandanatraya of Shri Madhwacharya?
What are the different sub schools of Advaitha?
Is faceless rudraksha powerful than all faced ones?
Has any ancient or medieval Vedic scholar refuted the guna-based varna theory?
Wood Carving of Garuda and Hanuman
What was the name of the first Vaishya?
In what context is the word Bhavin(भाविन) used in Hindu scriptures?
What scriptures describe laxer rules for accepting shishyas in the Kali Yuga?
What is asana siddhi and its importance based on vedic srutis or smritis
How should I start learning vedas?
Are the rituals, puja methods, dieties artis mentioned anywhere in Hindu scriptures?
What are the 14 layers of the mind
Why is Janmashtami celebrated on 2 dates in some parts of India?
Why did Ekalavya become Lord Krishna's arch rival? Was he punished because he was a Shudra?
According to Valmiki Ramayana, was Hanuman a human being or a monkey (vanara)?
Udyoga Parva - Mahabharata BORI edition with the footnotes
Romantic love in Hinduism?
How long did Vamana take for his second step? Any Scriptural references
Which Hindu scripture is saying that sun does not rise or set?
Identify this sanskrit mantra?
Why is Janmashtami always celebrated in the evening?
Is it possible that we can re-born in the era of Krishna again?
Why didn't Mohini recognise Rahu while distributing Amrita?
Why is Sri Krishna idol turned towards a window in Udupi temple?
Does this mantra in Rig Veda VII.76.4 indicate that earlier mandals were heard in ancient period?
Have anyone seen golden arch at Gandi Kshetra?
Can we use conch shell (shankh) during the worship of Lord Shiva?
Why is it marked as duplicate?
Did Kamsa have any children?
What scriptures describe juice coming from Ganesha's cheeks covering Kailash?
How Grahas were made and assigned their task
What do Sri Vaishnava commentaries say about Dasharatha's use of "śrīmān"?
In which yuga the Parasurama killed kshetriyas?
Meanings for the names HAHA and HUHU
Do Rama's sacrifical posts still exist in Ayodhya?
What rules do Devas have to follow? Do human dharma shastras apply to them?
How can one be born as a Daitya, Danava, or Naga?
How does one attain the specific heavenly realms situated above Earth?
Which are seven Hotā mentioned in Śiva Saṅkalpa Sūkta?
What is the necessity for a karmic loop?
Narakasura story through various Vishnu avatars
Tulsi mala rules before wearing around neck
Shukracharya the Guru of Asuras
Where to buy the four Vedas in Sanskrit without commentary or translation?
Where to buy hardcover Guru Granth in original text/languages?
Which scripture classifies the 18 mahapuranas based on the three gunas (sattva, tamas and rajas)?
fulfilling vow before wish gets fulfilled?
Is there any written evidence in Mahabharata why Krishna supported Pandavas in war?
How can an author be so creative at the time of Mahabharata?
What does linga literally mean in Shiva Linga?
Is getting punished or getting rewarded is decided by God when we do something?
Is Krishna still alive?
Is there any temple where Shiva is worshipped in the form of a pillar without pedestal?
On the status of other religions, between the sages of Advaita and the scriptures
Is marriage preferred between the people having mars in 1st house and 2nd houses?
Why did Lord Rama pray to Goddess Durga?
Are nadis mentioned in yoga physical?
What is the difference between a stotra, stava, stuti, sukta and mantra?
Which yajna was performed by Prajapati Daksha?
Which scripture talks about chakras (energy centers) in present in human?
What are the symptoms for kundalini awakening?
What is Ganesh Chaturthi/ Ganesh Utsav idol worship size according to shastra and Dharma
The yogic or tantric significance of devi mahatmya
Dyana Yog Vs Karma/Bhakti Yog
Which Yagya To Perform When Wife Is Pregnant?
What was the diet of ancient kshatriyas like? How much meat did they eat?
Context and meaning for a rig veda slokha
Who are the 11 rudras which are mentioned in Vedas?
Avastha calculation first syllable value of name
