Former definitions of MKS units
What came first? The Schrödinger equation or commutation relation between $p$ and $x$
Biographical articles on Newton and Galileo by physicist or historian
How was difference in water pressure perceived in ancient cultures or the middle ages?
When was the diving bell invented?
Development of the symbol for the complement of the set B in A
How old is the idea of effector islands in fungi?
How were irrational numbers that are not constructible accepted by mathematicians?
What vaccines did infants receive in late nineteenth century England?
Nowadays I see a distinct "line" dividing people working in Mathematics and the Physical Sciences. Why?
Historical milestones in experimental "verification" that light is a electromagnetic phenomenum
When did people start viewing a matrix as a linear transformation between two vector spaces?
Sources of early modern atomic theory of matter?
Sophie Germain and the outlook on science
Who discovered the topological proof of Nielsen-Schreier theorem?
The first meaningful theorem about convex sets
On Einstein's proof of the so-called Pythagorean theorem
Who was the first to prove the Boltzman H-theorem for the Landau kinetic equation?
What was the motivation for Minkowski spacetime before special relativity?
Who was first to prove the Boltzman H-theorem for the Landau kinetic equation?
Who discovered the singular cup product?
Who said $\pi$ is a constant since it is not even a real number?
Who gave mathematical expression for torque?
Are there items similar to the Pythagorean cup?
What is the origin of the distinction between assignable and inassignable number?
Was the concept of zero ever developed without relation to positional number systems?
Who defined group representation in the modern way?
Etymology of "power" (math.)
How did Källén get his name attached to $x^2 + y^2 + z^2 - 2 x y -2 x z- 2 y z$?
Sum of like powers in real numbers
How did Maxwell conclude that $\frac{\partial\bf E}{\partial t}$ was necessary to complete $c^2\nabla \times \bf B= \frac{\bf J}{\epsilon_0}\;?$
First mention of modes of vibration in mechanics
Why are US Bonds measured in '32nd' ticks?
How and when did we discover the role of the brain?
When were problem sets included in Science/math textbooks?
Did anybody consider the product of the principal curvatures before Gauss?
Where did the divide and conquer method for radix conversion come from?
Who discovered diamagnetism first?
Who discovered paramagnetism first?
Origin of the word "vector"
Who discovered integer triangles with one angle trisecting another?
What theories/sub-fields have developed out of ethnography?
Visualizing algebra before Descartes
Separability and second countability is the same thing to Halmos
Did Newton and Leibniz lack rigour?
When or why & who originated this puzzle, $0.999... = 1$
Mutual induction in electromagnetic wave theory
Cartesian coordinate system in Newton's work
Different models for the development of mathematics: Latin versus butterfly
When and who was the first mathematicians to prove rigorously that $\sqrt[3]{2}$ was impossible number?
Debauches of indices: Translation request
Who invented the Leibnitz notation $\frac{d^2y}{dx^2}$ for the *second* derivative?
Historical development of power series
Did Darwin ever express his views on eugenics?
The first of Fermat's last theorem
What is the most ancient milestone of mathematical reasoning or mathematical knowledge?
Is Gauss the first who introduced congruences?
Attitude towards mathematics throughout History
Reviel Netz's views on geometric algebra
What is the history of the energy concept and its measurement?
Why does Aristotle write 'astrology' when Plato writes 'astronomy'?
Historical interpretation of symmetries required by Principle of Relativity
How much mathematics did Van Leeuwenhoek know, and did he use mathematics in this fabrication of lenses?
Who introduced the creation and annihilation operators for the harmonic oscillator?
Did Hilbert really have dyscalculia?
The relationship between Euler and Lagrange
Symbolism in illustration for a book by Riccati
Was the idea of encoding meta-mathematics into arithmetic in the air when Gödel proved incompleteness theorems?
Introduction of the Gravitational constant
Where did Master equations come from, and why are there so many of them?
What were the applications of ellipses before elliptical orbits were discovered?
Why doesn't Morse code try to achieve more compression?
How is Laugwitz's work on Cauchy viewed by historians?
What are the earliest mentions of Prime Numbers?
How was Leonardo of Pisa's book liber abbaci distributed?
What is the most mature observational science?
When was the twin paradox first formulated?
How did chemists figure out atomic weights, when hydrogen, etc., were first discovered?
Who are the mathematicians Cammaille and Schouder, mentioned by Heisenberg when recalling mathematicians who died during the Second World War?
Did Daniel Bernoulli state van der Waals equation?
How did Planck derive the black body radiation formula without using the Bose statistics?
Darwin's theory of evolution quote?
Who first developed the idea of conservation of information in physics?
Who determined the temperature of the Sun first?
History of sine function
How did artillery and physics co-evolve during 1400-1700?
Was Carl Linnaeus the first one to group humans and other apes together?
What is the history of moment generating functions, and the more general characteristic functions?
What was the longest delay between prediction and confirmation of a theory?
Example of abstract math theory that was later found to be applicable to physical world?
Determining the temperature of a remote star by using the black body radiation formula
If the lens wasn't discovered/invented what current technologies wouldn't be possible
What ever happened to the methylphenidate synthesiser and his family?
What is the origin of the use of "g" for a Riemannian metric?
Was the word 'gravity' an invention of Newton?
Who was first to observe or detect photons in the double slit experiment, and how did they do that?
Need information about the history of the Hotelling and Bodewig method
First use of curly braces to denote a set?
History of $0 \in \mathbb N$.
In explaining photoelectric effect, why is photon quantized and not energy levels of electrons?
What is the original source for Gelfand's problem on leading digits of the powers of 2?
Assessing TB mortality due to M. bovis vs M. tuberculosis infections in pre-19th century England?
Simple proofs/derivations replaced by complex ones?
Origin of use of "quotient" to describe structures induced by equivalence classes
How many computers are there?
Did Einstein really say: "If I were wrong, it would only take one."
What were the problems that necessitated the introduction of the sine and cosine functions, and how long ago were they introduced?
What is the origin of "ortho-," "meta-," "para-," in chemistry?
What are the major flaws of the “caloric” theory of heat?
Why did Lagrange say that Cauchy should learn Classics before mathematics?
Why is the space of sections of $E$ called $\Gamma(E)$?
Who did create the notions of acid, base, and salt first?
Is Kline right that Cauchy believed that continuous functions must be differentiable?
Old perception of the sunset: the sun is going ABOVE the horizen. does anyone heard such a thing?
Before the IAU, what was the international governing body for naming astronomical bodies?
Did wave optics anticipate quantum mechanics?
Who was the first scientist who calculated with physical quantities?
Who convinced Churchill to fund Needham's trip to China in 1942?
Who discovered total internal reflection?
Who attached Buniakovsky's name to the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality?
Why wasn't probability developed in ancient Greece?
How were atomic weights originally measured?
How did Planck Calculate the Planck Constant?
How/why was the Gaussian function invented?
Have there been accurate alternative clocks/ways to tell time?
Why are stolen mathematical results attributed to the thief?
Source of Laurent Schwartz's quote about lobster and math
Did Feynman develop QED based on Stueckelberg's manuscript?
Who do I blame for non-Euclidean geometry?
What is the difference between chemico-chemists and physico-chemists according to Van't Hoff?
After Archimedes's *Sand Reckoner*, who considered very large numbers?
Was ibn Sina the only Muslim physician who influenced modern medicine?
Why did Einstein develop General Relativity?
Classic mathematics books by British mathematicians
Which came first, Coulomb's law or Gauss's law?
How did the exponential map of Riemannian geometry get its name?
How did "one-to-one" come to be used to refer to injective functions?
Two articles of Poincaré
What did Dijkstra think about Monte Carlo algorithms?
Name and history of probabilistic non-inevitability paradox?
Origin of Textbook Argument for Displacement Current as Generalization of Ampere's Law
How did the exterior product get its symbol?
Was "Kepler's third law" deduced from the Galilean moons, or from planetary motion?
How did Newton and Kepler (actually) do it?
When was the earliest use of log-log plots to demonstrate power-law behavior?
Who is Hræðraford, the "learned clerk" "writing in modern chemical Latin"?
Edward Lorenz and sensitivity to initial conditions
Who introduced the Green function method into quantum mechanics?
What is the origin of the Collatz conjecture?
Have humans gotten better at the methods of science over time?
light rays and wave fronts
What made Einstein believe (or know) that time was affected by speed and gravity?
Do the titles starting with "On the ..." have a historical tradition?
How did Stern-Gerlach experiment change the concept of space quantization and electron spin?
An English copy of One Hundred Authors Against Einstein?
Why did the APA require a NDA from DSM-5 task force members?
Which book gives a thorough understanding on the scientific environment of antiquity?
What is the original source for Abel's quote about Gauss:"He is like the fox, who effaces his tracks in the sand with his tail"?
What were Gauss's contributions to capillarity?
Who was the first to say "Shut up and calculate!"?
Did Maxwell invent the Maxwell's wheel?
What would have been the popular textbook to learn mechanics in the 19 th century?
What Is the Origin of the Twin Primes Conjecture?
Did Leibniz use infinite numbers?
When was the measurement problem solved?
How did scientists plot complicated graphs in the 19th century?
Could the incompleteness theorems have been proved by Tarski if Gödel had not proved them first?
How did the bra-ket notation become mainstream in quantum mechanics?
Who wrote down the first differential equation?
What kind of mathematical education did Leibniz have?
Why make fields have momentum and energy? (or, the importance of conservation laws)
Hilbert's problems
What was the first programming language that implemented hash maps / dictionaries as a base type?
Whence originates the use of the nabla (∇) for a connection or covariant derivative?
How the law of inertia got discovered?
How did Galileo discover the law of inertia?
Was metallurgy of Zinc first started in India?
What was the first journal to have Feynman Diagrams?
Was the Principia ever used as a textbook of physics for the people wanting to learn?
When did Europe start accurately predicting solar and lunar eclipses?
Who developed Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM) and applied it to machine learning?
What is the origin of "an algebra" as in vector space with multiplication?
Making your mark by age 30?
History of elementary proof of Fermat's last theorem for $x^3 + y^3 = z^3 $
How were particle physics calculations done before Feynman diagrams?
Is the "ques­tions that can’t be an­swered over an­swers that can’t be ques­tioned" quote by Feynman authentic?
Translations of Luca Pacioli's Summa de arithmetica
"Goofy ideas" of Harry Nyquist?
What is the origin of the "virtual particle pair" metaphor for vacuum fluctuations?
Do we have any idea on how Newton developed his method of fluxions?
How did Lorentz transformations get their modern definition?
Any modern translations of famous math papers?
Is there an explicit description of Landis-Petrovskiĭ's mistake in their "solution" to Hilbert's 16th problem?
What did Kurt Gödel mean by nonstandard analysis being "the analysis of the future"?
Is there a Martin Gardner's article archive available online?
Where was the Banach-Mazur Theorem originally published?
What questions led Cayley to the definition of matrix multiplication?
Early discoveries combining groups and geometry?
The origins of complex differentiation/integration
Is it true that Stephen Hawking got the computer with his wheelchair by coincidence?
History of Plato's formula for generating pythagorean triples
Why choose symbol $\sum$ to be the summation operator in maths?
Where did the idea of modularization come from?
What role did meteors and comets play in early astronomy?
Why is harmonic oscillator creation operator called "a-dagger", $a^\dagger$?
How did Galileo know that objects rolling down a ramp was an accurate model for free fall?
Who was first to differentiate between prime and irreducible elements?
Why is the Michelson–Morley experiment so much more famous than its rivals?
Who gets credit for the real numbers?
Who coined kernel in mathematics?
Ludwig Boltzmann: life and work
Kronecker vs Cantor who won?
How did egyptian mathematical fractions evolve in antiquity?
Why do so many electronic equipment work on the same or close frequencies?
Did Kronecker attribute immutable origin to the integers?
Classification of experimentally-determined physics laws?
How was physics taught in the past (e.g., in the 19th century)?
How was Hardy tricked into creating the Hardy-Weinberg Equilibrium
Did Maupertuis ask how a particle knows to follow the path of stationary action?
Claims of mathematical breakthroughs while in an altered state of consciousness?
Why did it take so long for Jensen's inequality?
What were the scientific principles of Gauss's photometer?
What are epicycles, deferents, eccentrics, equants, etc.?
Who invented the exponential ansatz for linear differential equations with constant coefficients?
What manuscript is depicted in the HSM advertisement?
Is Leibnizian calculus embeddable in first order logic?
Abbreviated Notation for Groups, Rings and Fields
What is rationale or history for using the symbol $\partial{U}$ to represent surface boundary?
Eulers identity history
About left / right Inverses
What is the history of linear vs logarithmic scales?
Did du Bois-Reymond invent the diagonal argument before Cantor?
Where did John Wallis get the idea for $\infty$?
Cauchy's real line and math philosophy till XIX
What came first: pythagoras number or pythagorean fields?
Why didn't Einstein's Nobel Prize mention relativity theory?
Who discovered quanta first, Planck or Einstein?
When is considered the birth of nonlinear optics?
What is meant by higher order infinitesimals in the works of Galileo and Cavalieri
How exactly did Hertz's experiments confirm Maxwell's theory?
What did Einstein learn in his university E&M courses?
What was taught in 19th century European electricity and/or magnetism courses?
Biography on Georg Cantor
Did Emil du Bois-Reymond's 1872 lecture on the limits of science influence his brother Paul du Bois-Reymond's 1875 invention of the diagonal argument?
mathematics was recreated on a foundation of number concepts rather than geometrical ones
Was there any name for electrical sparks before 'electric' and its related terms were invented?
Was Fermat's last theorem ever a Conjecture?
Who said “Either you speak maths or you speak nonsense?”
Was there ever a proposal for Metric time
Is the symbol $e$ for the base of natural logarithm honoring Euler?
Did Leibniz interpret his determinant as a volume function?
Did Leibniz sketch a design for a machine capable of solving a system of linear equations?
Origin of the Riemann-Lebesgue lemma
Was $1+2+3+\cdots=-\frac{1}{12}$ in Ramanujan's letter?
What was the topological constant which Gauss derived in the context of his investigations in electromagnetism and knot theory?
Serendipitous discoveries in Mathematics and Computer Science
History of cubit - Galilei, Kopernik, Newton
When was the inverse relationship between tangents and quadrature/area first identified?
Who derived $\int_{0}^{\infty} \mathrm{e}^{-x^2}\, dx = \frac{\sqrt \pi}{2}$?
Felix Klein and the mean value theorem
The rule of the Pythogoreans
Max Planck's reaction to Einstein's 1905 STR Paper
What were Leibniz's concrete contributions to the life sciences?
Is the name of German company Siemens related to the unit of conductance?
Poincaré and magnetic field
Did Turing know of Babbage's work?
Historically accurate alternatives to "Men of Mathematics"?
How did Leibniz's prototypes of a yaw system and a braking mechanism (for windmills) work?
Why do we often minimize in optimization?
Euler's first proof of $e^{ix}=\cos(x)+i\sin(x)$
What are some greatest blunders from the great minds from science?
What are some of the most complete genealogies of scientific and mathematical subject areas?
Galileo's pendulum and any references
Who did first use the Method of Characteristics
How did Albert Einstein predict the existence of gravitational waves?
What innovations did Leibniz introduce in his design of the fountain of the Herrenhausen Gardens?
History of the definition of Injective & Surjective Function
Why Doesn't Einstein Get More Credit for Being the Father of Quantum Mechanics?
Who was the first to prove the mean value theorem?
Why are Bose-Einstein Condensates (BECs) named after Bose and Einstein?
Which ancient mathematician was opposed to "application" of math?
What did Einstein contribute to Special Relativity that hadn't already been done by Lorentz in 1904 and Poincaré in 1905?
Are there primitive Pythagoras triplets (in integers), being with all the terms as powerful numbers?
What is Ptolemy holding in his picture on Wikipedia?
What are the earliest known accounts of the demarcation problem (science versus pseudo science)?
history of backpropagation
First evaluation of $\sum_{n \geq 1} 1/n^2$ by Fourier series
Has correlation led to major discoveries?
Did Bolzano conclude that $| \mathbb R | \ne | \mathbb N|$?
Was Anaximander the first who described that the clouds and rain were formed by evaporation of the oceans?
What was Gödel's proof that errors in U.S. constitution could allow the U.S. to become a fascist dictatorship?
Diagrams in early Mathematical Paper Publication
Why do undergraduate texts insist on graphing price as a function of demand?
Original Statement and Proof of Chebyshev’s $\vartheta(x) \sim x$
When was the Fermat number $F_{32}$ shown to be composite?
Are there any memorial of Marcel Riesz in Lund?
What's a good resource for some of mathematics greatest controversies and debates?
Euler's paper for the theorem $ e^{i\theta} = \cos(\theta) + i\sin(\theta) $?
History of species identification before 1930
Were matrix theory and functional analysis well-known to physicists before the invention of matrix mechanics?
Was there any atomic model(s) that came between Bohr's and the actual beginning of Quantum Mechanics in early 20s?
Atomic models in the 1910's and early 1920's
Why were nature, natural science, physics, medicine all considered the same subject and so defined with the same noun?
Was Einstein original formula E =1/2 m c^2?
Was Newton aware his theory of gravity had flaws?
History of the quadrature of curvelinear figures prior to the middle ages
Which is the first reference using the terminology "Chinese Remainder Theorem" for this theorem?
History of the derivative/tangent of a curve
Where in Gauss's works does he derive "Gauss's Law"?
Based on what criteria one could say Leibniz "invented" the differential calculus?
Madhava and $\pi$
How did Newton prove the generalised binomial theorem?
When was brehmsstrahlung discovered?
Grothendieck and Elementary Topos
on the classification of singular points
When did mathematicians first use the contrapositive form to prove a conditional statement?
Sine of .72 and pi
What is the origin of the term "ordinary differential equations"?
Straight line is the shortest of curves, who proved?
At what point did Einstein realise that gravity was curvature of spacetime?
Origin of Klein's $j$-invariant
Does anyone know the physics student who passed a quantum mechanics oral exam without taking quantum mechanics?
Origin of "Spline" word
Jacobi's product for the discriminant
Is there any reason why Hilbert's problems are ordered in the way they are?
In the scholastic challenges of renaissance Italy, what restrictions were considered appropriate regarding the incumbent's choice of subject?
Why is Maxwell and not Ampère credited for unifying electricity and magnetism?
Why were light bulbs traditionally marketed based on power consumption rather than light output?
Why is one of Maxwell's equations named after Ampère? Who first named it after Ampère?
Was interpretivism always considered scientific by part of the people?
Is it true that Johannes Kepler thought that the earth was hollow?
Who discovered L'Hôpital's rule?
Looking for source of foods associated with specific humors
Lise Meitner's contribution to this experimental apparatus and research effort?
Why were the first steam engines “atmospheric engines”
why was the hairy ball theorem important
when did polynomial coefficient matching start for solving equations?
Who discovered the magnetic vector potential, $\vec{A}$?
Introduction of $\imath$ and $\jmath$ notations for the imaginary unit
What are the origins of the study of symmetry as a subject in itself?
Debate between relationship of philosophy of mathematics and physics
Are there fields of science that became more successful after becoming less clearly understood?
What major areas of mathematics have been abandoned?
Origins and history of branched covering
What is the last physics paper or book written in Latin?
Hidden agenda of the Galileo trial?
What were standard university texts in algebra in the mid 19th century?
Who is Father Bertet (correspondent of John Collins)?
Where did Rayleigh derive the ultraviolet catastrophe?
If Einstein was a genious why didn't he discover the BOhr's atom model and Schroedinger equation
Who first discovered and produced an alternating current?
When was the convention for the indefinite integral $\int\frac{1}{x}dx$ changed?
Did Grothendieck really say that he felt "clumsy, even oafish, wandering painfully up an arduous track"?
First mention of Fundamental Theorem of Arithmetic
What is the history of electric current and resistance?
What happened to the meter bars?
How could John Dalton hypothesised his atomic theory based on his experimental observations?
How could the people of the past be sure that a * b = b * a?
How did Newton guess that the answer to the 3-dimensional "kissing problem" is 12?
Who was the first scientist to suggest that objects can keep moving without applied force?
What is know about Grothendieck's capacity of work?
Did Newton find the trajectory of a body moving in uniform gravity under the quadratic resistance law (the ballistic problem)?
When did the estimates of planetary distances made between Ptolemy and Copernicus produce the pattern suggesting heliocentrism?
Who first defined the "equal-delta" or "delta over equal" ($\triangleq$) symbol?
What is Hensel's lemma a lemma for?
Who first identified the group structure of an elliptic curve?
What is the most ancient civilization that used base-16 (hexadecimal) number system?
How did newton APPROXIMATE THE AREA UNDER THESE PARTICULAR CURVES
Why do so many books attach such importance to Newton's solution to the problem of orthogonal trajectories?
What were Hilbert's weekly 1933 lectures on "matters of general intellectual interest" about?
Years to Learn to Build an IC
History of complex analysis
Was the Vigenère cipher broken many years before Kasiski?
How was Einstein led to make a contact with Differential Geometry for his theory of General Relativity?
When and why did powers come to be called 'exponents'?
Where can I find the original presentation of the proof, due to Grothendieck, of the $\bar\partial$-Poincaré lemma?
What did Jacobi, who lived before Riemann, have to do with the equation and theorem named after him in Riemannian geometry?
Abraham's electromagnetism book and its story
Did Archimedes make use of a Pappus chain according to the Book of Lemmas?
Why do we use brackets for function parameters?
How many languages did historically well-known mathematicians master?
Did Gödel consider himself primarily a philosopher who is interested in mathematics (instead of the other way round)?
What are the precursors and postcursors to discovery/invention of zero?
Are there any accounts of famous Mathematicians/Scientists and their dogs, or any pets in general?
Is there any significance to Newton's theorem on decaying orbits in book 2 of his Principia?
How did Grothendieck encounter and adopt the categorical language?
Did Albert Einstein write a computer program?
How was Newton's classification of cubic curves completed?
How did Russell arrive at the paradox demonstrating the inconsistency of naive set theory?
Who discovered the Jordan normal form?
Einstein's readings of popular sciences as a kid
Who was first to integrate Newton's equations of motion to derive the conservation laws for mechanical energy and momentum?
Who invented the term “Coulomb logarithm”?
How did USA became world leader in STEM?
How was Riemann's essay on the foundations of geometry misjudged by Russell?
Did F. P. Ramsey complete a graduate degree?
Why isn't "thermodynamics" replaced with "thermostatics"?
Where did the notion of the product in a category first appear?
What is the etymology behind sine, cosine, tangent, etc.?
Did Newton find geodesics on curved surfaces in Principia?
What color were Emmy Noether's eyes?
First to enumerate integer partitions?
Was Joseph Priestley describing fundamental interactions in the 18th century?
Which paper/book did d'Alembert publish his essay on the theory of winds in?
Was Isaac Newton the first person to articulate the scientific method in Europe?
Are there objective measures for comparing Crelle's Journal to the Annalen circa 1908?
Explanation of the three peaks in Google ngram for 'syphilis'
Who invented the gradient?
Were integrals really called solution curves (or vice versa)?
Why do English volume units use base 2?
What did it historically mean in physics for something to "exist"?
Which physicist defended the Superconducting Super Collider?
What time era were waves introduced a mathematical treatment?
What were the earliest “unpleasant” consequences of the Axiom of Choice (and its negation) to be deduced?
How was the spontaneous symmetry breaking introduced and how did it lead to the Higgs mechanism?
Who first treated sets of objects as mathematical objects in their own right?
Galois Biography References
Why the thermoelectric figure of merit is denoted "ZT"?
Why didn't Germany succeed in building a nuclear bomb in second world war?
Why did the ancient Greek count 1 in case of perfect numbers but not otherwise
Why Saytzeff and Zaitsev Rules are named differently?
Who was the Northern California pioneer of genetics?
Ramanujan's Method for solving cubic, quartic, quintic
Seeking anecdote on Emmy Noether and possibly Emil Artin
Harm of nature vs nurture debate?
Did Cauchy forget or lose mathematical papers aside from Abel's and Galois's?
What is the name of the identity $\frac{1}{2}\mathbf{\nabla (u \cdot u) = u \times (\nabla \times u ) + (u \cdot \nabla)u}$ and who derived it?
Who introduced the notation $y|_{x=a}$?
Different sign conventions in thermodynamics different for physics and chemistry
Latin academic positions
History of the word "scales" in graphing
What were the inconsistent classes identified by Ernst Schröder?
Why did mathematicians have a hard time accepting Euclid's 5th postulate as a postulate?
Is there any complete works of Abel, Lagrange, Jacobi and Gauss translated into English?
Did Isaac Newton derive the expression for the speed of water waves in both shallow water and deep water approximations?
What enabled the spread of virtual reality systems?
How much had the rise of drons been connected with the study of birds?
Why couldn't Huygens explain diffraction using his principle?
What did ancient near eastern protoscience believe about germination?
Publishing the Principia
Where did the terminology "characteristic" of a field originate?
Extracting a Square Root and Cube Root Notation
What is the relationship between constructivism and object oriented programming?
How did Einstein arrive at his field equations without the Bianchi identities or variational formulation?
Why don't geologists adopt Alfred Wegener as the founder of Continental Drift
Who first wrote down the spin-orbit coupling term in the atom?
What was Karl Weierstrass referring to?
Who first proved the "Cantor-Heine theorem" on uniform continuity?
What is the first effect demonstrating the importance (or existence) of quantum coherence?
Was Alexis Clairaut the first to discover Clairaut's theorem for the variation of gravity on spheroids?
Galileo's Discussion of Uniform Motion
Who invented or discovered the hyperbolic numbers?
When was the electronvolt first introduced?
Where was the word "pencil" first used in (projective) geometry and what is the reason behind this curious name?
What was the major influence of Francis Bacon on the development of modern science?
Did Bruns establish that the 3 body problem has no non-trivial conservation laws?
Who first introduced the longhand square-rooting method into European mathematics?
What was the best approximation of π known to ancient Babylonians?
Creation Science
Grassmann Formula
Why is pure mathematics important? More generally, why do some scientists deal with inaplicable notions?
Study of embryos
Who was the first to invent the induction motor?
Why does Newton claim : "Plato is my friend — Aristotle is my friend — but my greatest friend is truth."?
History of Foundation of Mathematics
What is the history of using $i$/$\iota$ as the imaginary unit?
With what microscope and pollen was the Browinian motion discovered?
Who originated the biological senses of palindrome and pseudopalindrome?
Did light bulb companies commission Planck to study black body radiation?
Poincare Quote Regarding Instability
Why there are there no known Roman mathematicans from the Roman Empire?
Who discovered the normal mode decomposition of coupled oscillators?
Carnot and Entropy
When was the quantization of spin discovered?
Why Edward Turner Bennett died early
Which version of the St Petersburg paradox is the original one?
Did Einstein ever refer to the coordinate speed/velocity of light?
proofs of mathematical claims in the 16th, 17th and 18th cent
Poincare's last geometric theorem
How did Kepler make his discovery?
When did Gauss introduce "Gauss's planetary equations"?
Grey Walter and Norbert Wiener Regarding Holism
Are the works of J.E. Littlewood in ballistics stored somewhere?
When did people notice the special shapes of snowflakes, and when did they start to study them?
Is reference cited by Rene Descarte available?
Who discovered the fixed point iteration method?
source of "logistic growth"?
Were there any famous Asian philosophers who were also mathematicians?
Gauss fundamental form in differential geometry : use of dot products
How did Gauss arrived at the formula for the circumference of circle in hyperbolic geometry?
How much does Mathematics change in a generation?
How were Millennium Problems chosen? (according to what criteria)
Reference for "Auszug aus einem Briefe von L. Kronecker an R. Dedekind"
When did mathematician start to draw figures from equation?
Kakutani's Lemma
Electromagnetic constants and the speed of light
What is Galileo's opinion of Kepler's work?
Coordinate axis - Why the name "axis"?
What is the connection between Lamarck's Mediterranean mussel and the province of Gallia?
reference need about History of prime number development
Does Gauss own two “Theorema”?
How exactly was the principle of conservation of energy discovered?
How exactly was the principle of conservation of energy discovered?
Is scientific consensus ever significantly wrong?
Works of mathematician François Viète
The origin of Renormalization Group
What is the history of the science about butter, margarine, and health?
looking for specific book about renaissance physics
"Cycles" to "Hertz": Why the shift circa 1970?
How did the Arabs determine the longitudes of cities?
How did Newton come up with the formula for gravity?
How did Newton come up with his formula?
How important were serendipitous scientific discoveries (objectively)?
Where does the name eigenvalue come from?
Did the ancient Chinese know the earth is a sphere?
What did Tim-Berners Lee mean with "HTTP also allows index search" in his paper "World wide web: The Information Univesrse"?
Taylor's Theorem and Newton's Method of Divided Differences
When did the Bayer designation Gamma Sagittarii become Gamma1 & Gamma2 Sagittarii?
Inscriptions on a 16th century 3-dimensional permutahedron sundial?
What navigation instrument did Leibniz develop?
How did 19th century scientists estimate the age of the Earth
Who was the first person to describe the turbulence in mathematical terms?
Were ratios of incommensurable magnitudes interpreted as irrational numbers prior to Fibonacci?
When was the quantization of spin discovered?
When was the mechanism behind seasons on Earth discovered
Measurable cardinals and the fundamental theorem
What was the need for Lorentz transformation in pre-relativity period?
Looking for an online version of Archimedes' "The Method" (in Greek)
What was the appeal of numerical analysis before computers?
Can Numerology be said to be the precursor of Number Theory?
Day-to-day tasks of human computers, à la Hidden Figures movie
Essential basic geometrical discoveries still possible in our era?
Origin of diagrammatics illustrating the relation between cumulants and moments?
Is there an archive of Andre Weil's papers?
Which event involving Marie Curie is being referenced here?
When was it discovered that the Earth wasn't round?
Analysis vs Synthesis in Greek Mathematics
Are there examples of influential scientific articles first rejected and later proved to be valid?
How did people explain color before the splitting of white light was discovered?
Why did I learn to write the base of the logarithm differently from the rest of the world?
Literary works authored by mathematicians
How did people count seconds before clocks were invented?
Who invented the divisibility symbol and why is it backwards?
Why are canonical coordinates canonical?
At what point in the history of medicine did doctors start having a net positive effect?
Who introduced the partition function?
First appearance of the sine function
Who is Donald L. Webb
Famous scientists in the Nazi party
Newton , Binomial Series and Power Series , and James Gregory
Did Clifford introduce the "Clifford torus", and for what purpose?
Why are rings called rings?
What were the most important discoveries of Galileo about mechanics?
Why are capacitors and inductors called that way?
Why was brood parasitism known about in the middle ages?
Who came up with the link between the spectrum of an operator and the poles of a meromorphic function?
English translation of Parisian Alfonsine tables (1400s)?
A knot cannot be tied in 4-dimensions, but when was this conjectured and proven?
Verification of Navier's theory of structures
What are the origins of Galileo's paradox?
Motivation for the development of modern linear algebra
First use of litte $o_p$ (little $o$ in probability) notation?
How did physicists explain colors before quantum mechanics?
What is the etymology of lower case p as the operator for the negative of the common logarithm?
Old textbooks on statistical mechanics
How many professors can read Latin in 1950 and 2000?
Raymond Cattell and History of Personality Traits Prior 1947
When William Herschel discovered Uranus, who else at the time had a comparable telescope?
What was Liouville's contribution to Liouville's theorem?
Most known teachers of specific branch of Science
Why did Nikolai Luzin almost commit suicide?
Entscheidungsproblem vs. Unvollständigkeitssatz
When were self-locking doors invented and when did they become commonplace?
Evaluating the Mehrtens hypothesis concerning Felix Klein
How is "soul" meant to be understood in the context of the "Soul Theorem"
Did Kepler arrive at his planetary laws based on Mars's orbit alone?
Einstein already used the idea of time orientation when formulating General Relativity?
Why is the SI prefix k- lower case?
How much contribution did John Nash make to proving Riemann Hypothesis?
Taking less than a minute to solve a problem within 10% which was stated in less than 10 seconds?
Why did Einstein get a better hearing in Goettingen than Berlin?
Binet-Cauchy or Cauchy-Binet?
Related concept for this equation?
When was it first discovered (or comprehended) that air has weight?
Is there Any scientific law has proven wrong?
When was the function arrow notation $x \mapsto y$ first used?
Why do we say "Matrices" and "Vertices", but "Complexes" rather than "Complices"?
Who first noticed violation of aufbau principle of elements like Cr, Cu, Pd, Au, and how?
What was the motivation of studying Diophantine equations?
What was Einstein's reasoning to conclude particles follows geodesics through spacetime?
Carnap's last theory Of probability
What can be inferred about the eyesight of early astronomers from their recorded observations?
Length of the year in Aztec/Maya calendar
Scalar mechanics
What are some good (and reasonably academic) books on 18th and 19th century British mathematics?
History of XY model - Plane Rotator model
What is the history of angle quintisection (division into five equal parts)?
Beware the Ides of March!
Jakob or Jacob Bernoulli?
How did people describe the frequency of a wave before Hertz?
How important was the prediction of Neptune in 1846 for the Oxford evolution debate?
History of mechanics
Is the symbol for set membership $\in$ derived from greek letter $\epsilon$?
Hellenistic mechanics
Why is the action from the principle of least action traditionally denoted $S$?
Why $x_a$ (or $x_o$) and not $a_x$? (conventions for algebraic quantities)
What did Millikan expect to find when he tried to disprove the photoelectric effect, but proved it instead?
How Einstein got the first idea for special relativity?
Are there any famous mathematicians who did regular physical workouts?
Earliest concrete example of a binary / digital computing device
Who invented/discovered the scalar potential?
Who wrote down the equations governing gravity in a field language for the first time?
Did English ever use a third (1/60 of a second) for measuring time?
What is the history of why electrical circuit diagrams list positive as the direction of electron flow?
What was the origin of the Seven Bridges of Königsberg problem before Euler?
Was Nimatron the first AI?
When did the British science take off?
How and when did the Titius-Bode rule first become known as a "law"?
When was the British Flag Theorem discovered or proven?
Why are étale morphisms called "étale"?
History of the fock space based quantization of fields
Why is the term "kernel" used in algebra?
Instances of the use and application of mathematics in Ancient Greece
Why was the question of the nature of light limited to the wave theory or the particle one ?
Who is the philosopher Feynman cites as saying that existence of science requires the same conditions to produce the same results?
Why isn't the ${\gamma}^5$ matrix not called ${\gamma}^4$?
Did Isaac Newton make astronomical observations?
Why did Arago in 1810 not assume that the refraction angle is independant on the light speed?
How did the publication feat of Einstein's four 1905 Annus Mirabilis papers get through peer review?
How were double integrals calculated before Fubini's Theorem?
Did Turing invent the imitation game? Did he name it?
When was the idea of exponents generalized from "repeated multiplication"?
First appearance of the timelike cylinder spacetime
who was the first to discover the Hamilton principle of classical physics?
When was the geological timescale determined by radiometric dating?
Francis Crick and the usefulness of "genes" as compared to molecular biochemistry
Were complex number first considered of limited usefulness?
Books or articles criticizing Benoit Mandelbrot? (fractals)
Old square bracket notation for units
What is the first usage of the term "Adjoint" and why was this word chosen?
Origin of the latitude 36 of Eratosthenes
Did Gauss see the analogy between number-theoretic concepts and knots?
How did Lie groups work their way into the Standard Model of Particle Physics
Why do we write $E=mc^2$ and not $E=c^2 m$?
Is there evidence for mathematics in Sub-Saharan Africa before modern times?
Is the article reporting the first cell phone still around?
Fraenkel's appointment at Göttingen
Who has invented this enumeration of all objects of thought?
Has mathematicians read/reacted to speculative realism, specifically to philosophy of Quentin Meillassoux?
History of the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus
Why did Einstein oppose quantum uncertainity?
Why not proton volt instead of $eV$?
Biographies on 20th Century physicists
Who first wrote down $S^6$'s standard almost complex structure? And who first proved that it is not integrable?
Euler's works after blindness
Was an expanding universe proposed before Edwin Hubble's observations?
What did the ratio of two magnitudes mean to ancient Greek mathematicians?
Who is the Westphal behind the Mohr-Westphal specific gravity balance? And how exactly did he improve on Mohr?
Notational change with Integrals
Did Fraenkel's article on $Number$ for Klein's volume on Gauss discuss set theory?
What is the origin of the terminology 'spin up/down'?
how did people build temples and buildings in the ancient times without knowing newton's law?
Why did Gauss recommend Janos Bolyai to find the volume of a tetrahedron in hyperbolic geometry?
Why did Tesla disagree with Einstein?
Grothendieck and Gaussian integral
What's the origin of the concept of the five senses?
When was a partition of unity discovered?
How was proton determined to be a common component of all atoms?
Was the pre-special relativity discussion a hot topic in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century?
Modification of Newtonian Gravity based on Maxwell's Theory
Was Rutherford's atomic model questioned at the time?
Why can Perrin's study of Brownian motion demonstrate the existence of atoms
What results for $1 + 2 + 3 + ...$ are known?
Books on recent developments of abstract mathematics
Are there overproportionately many clergymen in mathematics?
Has Bolzano's opinion about the irrelevance of an infinite bijection ever found supporters?
Instances of suppression of scientific ideas
"Tension" between Electromagnetism and Newton's laws
Which problems led Newton to three laws of motion?
Determination of planetary mass and radius
Historical knowledge of Distance of Earth from Sun
How did Newton explain his interference rings without wave optics?
What insight of Watson and Crick was missed by Franklin?
Did Poincaré say that set theory is a disease?
Where did Borel stress that $\mathbb{Q}$ being effectively enumerable by $\mathbb{N}$ is not about its size?
What was Einstein's contribution to the Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen (EPR) paper?
Where did Galileo say "All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered. The point is to discover them."?
Did Karl Popper argue against Bayesian inference?
Who first had the idea to study surfaces via rings of functions, as in algebraic geometry?
History of Magnetism before the Hubbard model
Material models of Riemann surfaces
How did Dedekind arrive at the completeness of real numbers?
Did the ancient Greeks have zero in their number system?
History of molecular constituency and structure
History of the invention ZERO
Letter of Egorov to Lusin
When did people realize that the determinant of a matrix is actually the volume of a parallelepiped?
When did error propagation become prominent in physics?
Best books/papers on Newton and his mathematical physics
During the development of QFT was this theory actually used to build any invention like the MRI?
Riemann surfaces and covering
Is this quote from James Gleick about the Manhattan project accurate?
Why was the discovery of Radium worth a Nobel prize?
Who first considered the $f$ in $f(x)$ as an object in itself, and who decided to call it a function?
Thomson's discovery of the electrical deflection of the cathode ray
Why didn't Einstein win a second Nobel Prize, for relativity?
Lobachevsky and the University of Kazan
Michelson and Morley questions
Origin of battery symbol?
In what sense did J.J. Thompson split the atom?
Why is time represented on the vertical axis in space-time diagrams?
Who first discovered that the specific heat of gas decreases with temperature?
Where are the mirrors of the historic telescopes today?
How has it been discovered that water consists of acid and base?
How could Huygens have solved the tautochrone problem before Newton's theory of gravity and equations of motion?
Did people consider energy quantization of nonlinear oscillators after Planck?
What results did C. F. Gauss add to Euler’s dioptrics?
On a paper by Georg Pick
How or where did the Wright brothers develop the expertise to formulate quadratic equations to design their first propeller?
Plato's chemical formula for water
Are there well-known mathematicians who shared Arnold's view about mathematics as natural science?
Did Kronecker say that set theory is not mathematics?
Absolute space and time before Newton
Was Newton aware of a nascent inverse function theorem?
The ancient concept of Finite Space
Einstein and the concept of decoherence
What exactly did Poincaré mean by 'simply connected'?
Who first suggested, contra the central dogma, that "junk" DNA may perform epigenetic functions?
Is there any history into the methodology that Balmer used for the spectral line formula?
Einstein's confusion about Stern-Gerlach
Did Gauss know the residues theorem in complex analysis in 1811?
Who said that theory of probability was not mathematics?
Who was Puppe of the Puppe sequence?
Why did pre-17th century mathematics mostly came from Italy but later mathematics came from France Germany and England?
Is the prime notation for derivatives $f'$ due to Euler?
Earliest presentation of a 3-D permutahedron?
Why is differentiation under the integral sign named Feynman's trick?
Which mathematician first proved the laws of arithmetic?
How much did Arabic and Persian scholars contribute to physics and mathematics?
What was C.F Gauss's work on the problem of the volume of tetrahedron in hyperbolic geometry?
Why do we learn little about Mendeleev when compared to other science figures?
History of measuring the mass of the Earth
Is there any evidence supporting this claim about Cassini and his ovals?
Stern-Gerlach: oven, or filament?
Summary of Gauss's contributions to differential geometry, conformal mappings, and geodesy
First appearance of Hadamard's lemma on smooth functions
Why didn't Einstein try to include the strong and weak forces in his attempts at a unified theory?
Why is Mendeleev credited with the discovery of the periodic table much more often than Meyer?
History of the origins and development of problems of finding maximum and minimum values of quantities
Did Gauss know Jacobi's four squares theorem?
Who first proved Rota' conjecture
Has the modern logic negation $\lnot$ been adapted from Frege's Begriffsschrift?
Fields of Study Introduced by Leonhard Euler
How did heliocentrism survive after Galileo's sentencing?
Did Leibniz also design analog computers?
Why and who was the first to denote the square root operation in fractional form as $1/2$
Who gave you infinitesimal epsilon?
What was the mechanical principle of Leibniz's "integraph"?
Etymology of 'qubit'; is there any relation to cubits?
Cryptography in Japan before Meiji
Who classified plane isometries first?
Who first proposed the "colour" charge?
Metaphors and analogies used by physicists and science communicators in history?
How did Eratosthenes knew the exact time of the day?
Where was it first proved that the cardinality of the continuum equals the cardinality of the power set of the naturals?
First use of the term and principle of dynamic pressure — Daniel Bernoulli?
Tri-nary processor?
Did Aristotle suggest that different kinds of sound might travel at different speeds?
When was the speed of sound first "correctly" calculated?
Where does the habit of calling the elements of a projective Hilbert space "rays" originate from?
What was Zermelo's _reception_ of von Neumann's definition of ordinal numbers?
To constructivists, is "mind" more than a convenient synonym for "algorithm"?
How common were death and mutilation among chemists 1750-1950?
Citation of Brouwer needed
Why is the letter $\vec{r}$ used for position?
Can a straight line be produced in nature?
Did Turing ever mention Protagoras regarding the Imitation Game?
Where does the name "geometric sequence" come from?
Great physicists with no mentors
The physical significance of $\sqrt{-1}$ prior to Einstein
Why were people in sixteenth century interested in solving the cubic?
Why is Dirichlet's L-function called "L-function"?
Was the word "function" used in mathematics prior to Leibniz?
How would land "mount steadily in a continuous rise" if there was no difference between center of gravity and magnitude, according to Copernicus
How Copernicus figured out that it took 7 parts of water and 1 part earth until the entire Earth was submersed in water
Tools of the trade: were early scientists and mathematicians really "writing with feathers using light from burning animal fat?"
How did Archimedes arrive at his principle in his time?
Kepler's position with respect to Tycho Brahe's world system?
Did Cantor knew the work of Paul du Bois-Reymond (the original inventor of the diagonal argument proof method in mathematics)?
Story of Grothendieck's Prime Number
who calculated for the first time the volume of a cylinder? How?
Was Gauss aware of the non-euclidean implications of his work on moduler forms?
When did Grace Murray Hopper say "The wonderful thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from?"
Did Russia have their own discoveries in the development of semiconductors and the semiconductor industry?
How did people realize they could do logic with electronics?
Who was the first to prove that $\pi$ was a real number?
Time for big results to become widely recognized in the scientific community
Why was 0 0 0 chosen to be the start of the calendar?
Journals of the early 20th century
Information about a statement of Zermelo required
Paul Erdos' quote "Mathematics is not yet ready for such problems"
Equation for the conservation of vis viva
Name of a XIXth-century German scientist from the University of Berlin
What are other ancient encyclopaedic texts like Pliny's “Naturalis Historia” that were available in medieval times?
How important were reprints of scientific articles in scientific practice and communications before the copier, the computer and the internet?
Where and how did scientists of the 18th and 19th century learn foreign languages?
History of the arithmetic mean
What did Farcas Bolyai write to his son?
What are early examples of the rare notational convention to make the sign of the real number represented by a letter depend on the typography?
Does the word 'science' mean what's been found so far, or the way that human discovers unknown?
What is the name of this numeral system?
How did people calculate the zeros of the Bessel functions before the electronic computer?
How effective were pre-thermometer devices in e.g. detecting fever?
What did William Harvey think the stroke volume of a heart was?
Did Kepler influence Fermat?
Who coined the term “machine learning”?
Good book on history of mechanics
Allegations of Newton's untruthfulness
Basic Theorems in Topology: Who proved them first?
Has Alphonse Pyramus de Candolle's "Géographie botanique raisonné" ever been translated into German or English?
How was Mendel's work rediscovered after 45 years of forgotten?
Where did block matrix multiplication appear?
What topological ideas did Gauss introduce to his student Möbius?
How did Newton & Raphson's version of the N-R method differ?
F. Schoblik's announced ''ausführliche Darstellung": a lost wrong proof of the Four Color Theorem?
What motivated Green to develop his theorem in order to calculate work for a non conservative vector field?
What is the origin of the term "involution" used in Hamiltonian mechanics
Were people in the ancient or medieval times aware of how exactly a solar year is equal to a lunar year?
Whence “homomorphism”, “homomorphic”?
Is it known where Eratosthenes first heard of the "well of Syene"?
Philipp Lenard and the Curies
Books on scientific method for laymen
When did William (Bill) Burke, who discovered the first actual bug, live and die?
How did Newcomen's Atmospheric Engine lift water above the 10.3m vacuum limit?
A 'third way' to consistency (besides Dedekind's and Gentzen's)? Hilbert's 'unverstanden' 1904 Heidelberg ICM proposal for consistency proofs
What did Lobachevsky do?
Set Theory, onto and into their relation to spoken language definitions
Name of the Gamma function
First use of the term/name "curved exponential family"?
Why did Einstein turn his back on a probabilistic universe?
Did someone refer to a "plague of indices" in tensor calculus?
Source: quote about problem solving
How does human design the first ruler?
Who used "Tabellenstatistik" as a derogatory term in the history of biogeography?
Examples of abstract proofs that turned out to be false
When $1$ wasn't really a number in Greece
What defines the 'name' of a score i.e. gamma, kappa etc
Was Riddell's formula really so late?
What is the remarkable configuration of directions at 51° N?
When and why did the 'spiky star' appear as an image in art and science?
The Pedagogy of Physics -- Bob and Alice?
How did the snifting valve in Newcomen's steam engine work?
History of Arithmetic and Geometric Inequality
How was stellar parallax tested by Tycho Brahe?
Examples of when the development of math notation accelerated progress in math research?
When did people start accepting $\mathbf{R}^{2}$ as "the plane"?
Mathematicians with a history of conjecturing a lot
What/When was the first radio nav system capable of triangulating your position?
What is the earliest attested mention of the fact that a parallelepiped in Euclidean 3-space can be decomposed into six tetrahedra?
When Was Kaluza-Klein Theory Appreciated?
Why is $\eta$ used in $\eta$-conversion?
History of Galois Theory after Galois
Invariance principle for stability in the sense of Lyapunov
Why were the SI-unit prefixes chosen to be a multiple power of 3?
Mathematics motivated by quantum mechanics
Is it thought that Maxwell used Green's Theorem to derive his equations?
To what extent were the scientists involved in the Manhattan project aware of the goals?
(Co)Homology: From topology to the rest of mathematics?
Before the discovery of the neutron, how did scientists explain standard atomic weights?
What are the paradoxes of which Russell is talking about in the following?
origin of the terms "domain" and "range"?
How was the "train on 70% of data" convention established?
Why is it called the butterfly effect?
How did crude oil pipelines work before WW2?
Origin of the terminology “trace operator” related to boundary-value problems for PDEs
Discovery of kinetic gas theory
Gauss's proofs of quadratic reciprocity
What is a vortex?
Historical occurrences of mathematicians substituting terms for $x$ in the denominator of $\mathrm{d}y/\mathrm{d}x$?
Why was in 1584 the eclipse of the moon used to calculate the width of the Atlantic ocean rather than just using the Sun itself?
First descriptions of ultrastatic spacetimes?
Difficulty in Understanding Newton's Principia
Was it a major cultural event when Van Leeuwenhoek discovered unseen animals under the microscope?
Why did Euclid Avoid Using the 5th Postulate?
Original Text of Legendre on Elliptic Functions
When was double-paned glass first invented and used for insulation?
Who was the first to use the term field in physics?
Why was modern science and mathematics a European phenomenon?
When was sealevel discovered?
Who are considered the last true polymaths of math and science
18th and 19th century skeptics of imaginary numbers?
Has Chinese Remainder Theorem ever been used by Chinese military?
how sophisticated was Egyptian and Babylonian mathematics compared to the Greeks
Has anybody of famous physists thought nuclear weapons was impossible?
What were the precursor works to Copernicus Heliocentrism?
Why was Kronecker dissatisfied with Cantor's submitted paper?
English translation of Heisenberg's papers
Kepler's genius, How?
Is this the largest delta precision achieved in any Physics measurement?
Contribution of non-western mathematics to modern mathematics
So how much did Mileva Maric contribute to Einstein's work?
How did Newton write his equations?
Study of path from science to technology
Was knowledge derived from the scientific method required to build commercial steam engines?
History of PDE's in the 19th Century
Who was the first individual that used the word "torus" to refer to $\mathbb{S}^{1} \times \mathbb{S}^{1}$?
What is the (economic, social) value of STEM archives?
Origins of the Equals Signs
The earliest definition of number
On Units of Arc
A basic mistake by Cayley
When did astronomy first discover that the stars are bigger than the moon?
Origin of operators in quantum mechanics
How much do Marx's theories of sociology influence modern Western sociology?
Famous messy scientists
How did ancient people describe the Doppler effect?
What was the boat-carried nuclear bomb envisaged by the Einstein–Szilárd letter?
Motivation of Continuous Functions
Motivation of Infinite Series
What are Philolaos' “even-odd” numbers?
Who did enunciate each postulate of modern Quantum Mechanics
\mathbb versus \mathbf
$\frac{dy}{dx}$ versus $\frac{{\mathrm d}y}{{\mathrm d}x}$
Why was there so much technological advancement in the 1980s?
Timeline of mathematical foundation?
Variants in graphical presentation of real and complex numbers
Is Spivak right in what he says about Galileo?
Why was F. W. Lanchester's first aeronautical paper rejected by the Physical Society?
Books that we can know when which theorem was discovered by whom
History of mesoscopic physics
Why were the Nobel Prize in Physics not awarded in 1916, 1931, 1934, 1940, 1941, and 1942?
Why is an inch (in the English Imperial system of measure) as long as it is?
How did Euler stumble on this proof?
Are there any records that show how Hilbert came to "invent" or "discover" Hilbert spaces?
What is the name given to the principle that guides mathematical conventions like the product of two negative numbers is positive
History of Braids
Math development and under-appreciation of Maxwell's Equations
Who knows Frank Irvin?
When did usage of the word polynomial become standard?
Looking for books on the history of chemistry?
How did Aristotle influence Euclid?
Could scientists of Newton's time have explored the limits of his laws of motion?
Did Gauss's expression for the differential of the hyperbolic volume of the tetrahedron agree with later results?
The Origin of the Jacobian
Why was China slow to recognise the sphericity of Earth?
History of PDE's in the 19th Century 2
About Sobolev Inequalities
Who invented/discovered angular momentum?
Who really discovered/invented the Hooke's law?
How to derive from Gauss's result on the volume of orthoscheme tetrahedron the formulas of Lobachevsky and Bolay?
Why is the Digamma function always denoted with the letter "psi"?
Major private labs that did physics research in the USA
About Sobolev inequalities
Lord Kelvin's wonderful prediction
What has Einstein actually written about the chronology of his discoveries?
What are some of the oldest unsolved problems in mathematics?
A question on Gauss' "Vicimus GEGAN"
How come so many laws were not discovered by people they are named after?
First appearance of causality issues
What was the impact on science and philosophy of the discovery that the Milkyway is not the whole Universe?
When was $e$ first observed to not be a Liouville number?
Galileo and normal distribution discovery
Canonical examples of successful scientists giving detailed advice about doing science/mathematics?
Invalid mathematical proof that was considered valid for the longest period of time?
Dirichlet integral's history
Biographies comparing the personal and professional lives of various influential scientists/mathematicians?
Photon interpretation of G.I. Taylor's diffraction of feeble light
Why did it take an army of physicists, working on a huge complex, so long to produce a working nuclear device, while it seems so easy in theory?
Where can I find Descartes' account of the rainbow?
Why second-order logic?
Are there any undergraduate research/internship opportunities in math/science education/history?
Instances of alternative notation being used for the trigonometric functions?
Gentzen and computer science
How did Gauss overcome the problem of curvature of sunlight rays when he developed his heliotrope?
Who originally derived the general force law equation of force between current elements?
gauss' opinion on de moivre's theorem
What is the correct statement of Cauchy’s erroneous theorem on continuity?
Capacitance or capacity?
How did Ptolemy calculate the distance to the moon
Did the Mayan's really predict the solar eclipse?
How did scientists thought about human motivation before the term willpower came into fashion?
Does Lakatos' argument in favour of 'informal mathematics' hold up in most cases?
Interpretation of $W$ in Boltzmann's entropy formula
When were the concepts of pure and applied Mathematics introduced?
Seeking sources: Catholic church and the development of mathematics
The original paper by Kutta
Did Gödel know about Turing degrees in 1946?
Whose value of the distance to the Moon did Newton use?
What did Westinghouse use for power to drive Tesla's generators during the 1892 World's Fair
Why is the Brayton cycle also known as the Joule cycle? What was Joule's contribution?
Did Euler ever write $f(x)$, with parentheses?
Has Euclid stated Cauchy's theorem?
When did the name “Boltzmann constant” prevail, and how?
Nature of Fermat's friend Lalouvère's activities as censor?
Was Babylonian Mathematics as sophisticated as Greek mathematics?
Who was the first known mathematician to graph an equation?
Who first proved that $f_{xy} = f_{yx}$?
How was geometry with 3 dimensions discovered/invented?
Why is there some doubt whether or not Gauss saw the pseudosphere as the embodiment of hyperbolic geometry?
Who assigned the name "work" to the quantity $\int F\,{\rm d}r$?
When did the use of complex numbers become widespread in physics?
Who posed the separable quotient problem (and when)?
When were mathematical conjectures first formulated and communicated?
What explanations are there for this strong spike in the use of 'angular momentum' in the 1960s?
Did Gauss anticipate Kirchhoff's diffraction formulation in 1836?
Arithmetic mean - who, when?
Corpuscular theory of light and Double slit experiment
What was Lipschitz's original motivation for the introduction of Lipschitz continuity?
Notation for conditional probability
What is the most number of digits of a mathematical transcendental constant that have been required for a real computation?
Laplace's characterization of Gauss as "a super-terrestrial spirit in a human body"
Seeking numbers of German mathematics professors in 1890
Did Euclid formulate his definitions/postulates/common before or after writing all his theorems?
What did Fermat do as a lawyer?
Why is the angular momentum written as JJ in quantum mechanics?
Who are "analysts" and "synthesists" in mathematics?
Nomizu's structural approach to differential geometry
When did statistics become an integral part of physics?
Who was the first person to give a definition of the scientific method?
What is the origin of French/Burmester's curves?
Invention of matrix symbols
Source of cartoon lampooning Felix Klein
First appearance of tensor product symbol $\otimes$
What did the typical German student know before reading/studying Courant's Calculus when it was published?
Is there a formal distinction between potential and actual infinities?
What was the significance of Eisenstein's discovery of invariants?
What is the international standing of Italian mathematics?
How did Milikan know that oil drops would acquire only few electron charges?
Who coined the term "iff" for "if and only if"?
Did Maxwell discover the distribution of velocities in a gas during an exam set by Stokes?
Did anything significant happened in 1960s that involve neutron?
Why didn't Euclid's Elements treat conic sections?
What is the work of al-Khwārizmī for algorithms?
Introduction of magnetic vector potential
What astronomical reason led to the creation of the trigonometric sine and cosine?
Who Invented The Number Line?
Was Hilbert ambivalent about set theory?
Why was yellow bile/choler believed to cause anger?
Why was excess of blood believed to cause cheerfulness, hopefulness?
Details of Hilbert's proof of the continuum hypothesis
How did Born come up with the Canonical Commutation relation ($\hat X \hat P-\hat P\hat X=i\hbar$)?
Was Newton's method of finding derivatives of his fluents based on applying the chain rule?
Query re Physics-related quote about the amount of energy in water
Where can I find the list of problems from the (Chinese) "Nine Chapters on Mathematical Art"?
Does an English translation of Bombelli's L'Algebra exist?
Wavelength definition of the metre
Who influenced Gauss in his abstract approach to mathematics?
Resistor color code
Doctrine of the sterilazio magna
What caused or contributed to Euclid's Elements and Synthetic Geometry falling into disfavor?
How was the focus/directrix property of conic sections discovered?
Speed of light in aether
Why is the azimuthal quantum number so named?
Description of the Monte Carlo roulette wheel in 1913
How were variables used and understood in (particularly) 19th century maths?
Why is kinetic energy denoted by the letter $T$ in quantum mechanics?
When did the mediant ("freshman sum") of two fractions first appear in mathematics?
First appearance of the product symbol ($\Pi$)
When was this projective property of an ellipse's directrix known?
What triggered the general relativity renaissance?
Definitions of continuity pre-Dedekind
Compass and straightedge: why?
Endorsers of the method of well-ordering reported by Hausdorff?
Why is distance sometimes abbreviated S?
The Principia Mathematica's missing chapters
What was Euler's first language?
What equation is Stephen Hawking most noted for?
Alligation - when and why did it disappear?
Who coined the term "degenerate star"?
Historical values of the index of refraction of air
Origin of heat kernel regularization
Whether Euclid considered squares to be rectangles
What is the reason behind the decline of Indian Physics?
How was the sum of squares formula discovered by Archimedes?
What is the origin of q-calculus notation?
Did Einstein get inspired by projective geometry?
What did the Greeks call the “trial and error” reasoning process?
What is the first instance in which Mendeleev published a long-form table as compared with his 8-column table of 1869?
Who was the first to use the "does not exist" sign ∄?
Who invented the term "Kuhn loss"?
Good book on the history of introductory physics (upto first year college)
Did Galileo really see Galilean Moons?
Does war speed up technological advancements and research?
Which were the first PhD thesis in Mathematics and Physics?
What is the history of how a neutron moderator is chosen in nuclear chain reactions?
Who was first to recognize the link between (synthetic) elliptic geometry and geometry on the sphere?
The Original Proofs of The Stable Manifold Theorem
References about the the development of the concept of mechanical work
When did architects first become aware of the usefulness of the catenary arch?
Straightedge and compass
Did Euler or did D'Alembert incorporate initial conditions into the solution to the 1D wave equation?
Who first noted the connection between Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle and the Fourier Transform?
How scientifically valid were Galileo's heliocentric arguments?
Who helped Watson and Crick discover DNA?
When did people realize that the eye was a lens?
Pauli's first paper about the spin
Suggestions for hosting a Scientific Salon of Paris in Émilie du Châtelet's time
Is this Einstein rejection letter fake?
discrepancy between Rømer and Fahrenheit scale
Earliest known usage of letter gamma "Γ" for reducible representation in group theory
Looking for Cantor's correspondence
Historical development of role of astrology in medicine?
How did Lagrange get his equation (the so-called Euler-Lagrange equation)
In a popular anecdote, who took 20 minutes to decide that a thing was obvious?
How did Wittgenstein fulfill eligibility requirements for a PhD in philosophy without having a Bachelor's degree in philosophy?
When was the square of negative numbers specified?
When did mechanical tower clocks start being used?
When did spring-driven clocks start being used?
Did Indian astronomers realize the sphericity of the earth independently of the Greeks?
Summary of Gauss's work on geodesic lines on ellipsoid
Why couldn’t the Burgess B Clock built in 1974 be built in 1775 by Harrison?
Did Zermelo in 1914 miss the fact that there are only countably many finite strings?
When it was discovered that cubic equations always have roots?
What were Gauss's results on the attraction of homogenous ellipsoids in his paper from 1813?
How did Pauli come to the Pauli exclusion principle?
What evidence is there that the Babylonians used the Babylonain method of estimating square roots?
What was Lebesgue's original definition of a measurable set?
Do astronomers still use decimal time?
Who first derived $a =v^2/r$
Notation for fiber bundles - why E for total space?
Has science fiction ever caused scientists to do real research?
Was Captain Cook’s voyage to observe the transit of Venus going to enable better ship navigation at the time?
Poincaré and the baker: was the anecdote true?
D'Alembertian symbol $\Box$
When did set theory throw off theology?
Who was (were) the first mathematician(s) who did not doubt the empty set?
Textbook on the History of General Relativity
Mathematics PhD dissertations that opened a new field of research
Was a regular heptagon ever constructed by ancient Greeks?
How was the idea of observation error introduced?
A Peculiar Quote from an Engineer
How was invented quadratic equation?
Who was the first to understand the concept of outer-space?
Was carbon dioxide also called carbonic acid historically?
Who coined the term ''Born's rule''?
Who introduced moments of a random variable first?
Indiana Pi Bill: Other attempts to establish mathematical truth by legislative fiat?
Who proved the monotone convergence theorem for the Lebesgue integral?
Why are microcanonical, canonical and macrocanonical ensembles called that way?
Riemann's moduli and Dedekind's modules: any connection?
Was Paul Cohen a student or assistant of Gödel?
How many digits of Pi did the old Egyptians know?
Who discovered the Virial Theorem?
When did people first become concerned about mercury in fish?
when were dot product and cross product discovered ? Also, was quaternions discovered before or after this?
Who first invented the programmable digital computer?
Who coined the term "uniform" as in "uniform distribution"?
What is history behind Smith-Volterra-Cantor sets?
Are there any records of the history for the development of speculum alloy?
Einstein really didn't "accept" quantum mechanics?
Who extended the Euclidean algorithm to derive the Bezout identity?
Who first described the fundamental group as the group of deck transformations?
What was Pauling's Claim about Vitamin C
How was the Antikythera Mechanism moved?
What were 12 year old Pitts' objections to Principia Mathematica?
When was the Server Side Include feature of web servers first made available?
Who first noticed that the radiation pressure formula $p=U/c$ agreed with $E=pc$ from special relativity?
Reference Request: Books on the work of Imre Lakatos
What field will we be remembered for developing?
mathematicians attempts at proving Euclid postulate
What is Newman's "infinite number of curves"?
Author of a review in *Mercure de France*
How influential was the Kerala school to European development in Calculus?
Was Aristotle first to talk about gravity?
Is there an anthology of classic papers on electricity?
What is Peirce doing in this pre-Chi-squared example?
When were adversarial techniques first used in machine learning?
What were the early uses of differential equations for modeling chemical reactions?
Is there an analog of Ginga style in mathematics?
Where did Fermi get the U235 for the first nuclear pile?
Did the B reactor at Hanford make use of U235 without having U238 enriched ?
Why was Beaumont's steam engine not replicated for about 100 years?
How's Helmholtz correct that "Whoever in the pursuit of science, seeks after immediate practical utility may rest assured that he seeks in vain"?
Oldest example of (intentional) PID control
When did the concept of temperature first arise?
Priority on lemniscate of Gerono?
How old is the Pythagorean Theorem?
Translation of Gauss' Disquisitiones Arithmeticae
Who decided on the convention for ordinal multiplication?
On the creation of analytical geometry
In history of algebra, who was the first to add one equation to another equation?
Did Richard Feynman ever meet Stephen Hawking or comment on Hawking radiation?
What is the history and motivation for the (d-1,1) notation used to describe a field theory?
Why the concept of energy was that lately established?
First appearance of the term sinus cardinalis
When was it first noticed, or demonstrated, that radioactive material became warm?
Was there an intentional purge of all audio recordings of Alan Turing?
Who was this man (who is not Bruno Pontecorvo)?
Did Aristotle note that ships disappear over the horizon hull-first?
Where does the letter S in "$S$-units" and in localization $S^{-1} R$ come from?
What was Gauss's theoretical work related to his invention of the "Double-Gauss lens"?
Is Gauss's electrodynamics law for inertial motion correct at all?
Why Mendel's experiments didn't draw attention until 20th century?
Help translate from German a quote by Hermann Weyl in Space Time Matter
On the birthdate of Gotthold Eisenstein
What did Albert Einstein mean by "psychical entities"?
Several questions about Gauss's contributions to electromagnetism
Why was Courant's "Methods of Mathematical Physics" suppressed, by the Germans, during WW2?
When was relativistic mass first observed?
Why did Noether's theorem take so long to show up?
Foundational crises in non-Western historical mathematical communities
Historically how it was discovered that we need fields to describe matter?
Law of the Unconscious Statistician - history of the term?
What were the first practical applications of Newton's mechanics on engine design?
Notation $n=efr$ in algebraic number theory
Do these trigonometric identities belong to Antonio Cagnoli?
Can we identify Paul Benacerraf in these photos
Statistical Power as a Microscope Metaphor
Origin of the smooth but nowhere real analytic function built with dyadic rationals
Query 31 in Newton's opticks and the second law of thermodynamics
Coverage of a topic by scientific research through time
Historical evidence for claim that we use base 10 because of the number of fingers
Etymology of Some Terms Used in Ratio and Proportion in Old Algebra Textbooks
Was the telegraph system of 1859 powered by AC or DC and how extensive was it?
Sphericity of Earth from lunar eclipses - is Aristotle's argument valid?
Checking a Godel quote on *Principia Mathematica*
Did Srinivasa Ramanujan have a surviving sibling?
The Greeks did not discover "a single scientific law"
What are some good metrics for intellectual progress (of all sorts)?
Who did say that anyone who discover a new particle should be fined instead of receiving a prize?
From a historical perspective why is beta decay associated with an anti neutrino instead of a neutrino?
Who discovered the expansion for factorial as a successive difference of integers?
History of group theory character tables (as used in physics and chemistry)
When, and by whom was the Schwarzschild metric first taken to be valid for all radii greater than zero?
Where to find a list of laurates of the Volta prize?
Failures in math
Why statistical moments are called moments?
Question about Gauss's contributions to the theory of electric circuits
Gauss's anticipation of quaternions and their relation to congruences
What was the aperture of the first Galileo's telescope?
What inspired Nicholson to break water into hydrogen and oxygen with electricity?
What are the modern connections of the Pentagramma Mirificum studied by Gauss?
Reference - Schwarz's Proof of Clairaut's Theorem
When was Euler's log-sine integral first computed by real methods?
Did amateurs ever produce important proofs or similar?
What does the "G" for the similitude groups stand for?
Was the equivalence of mass-energy referred to the rest or kinetic mass?
The Discovery of Atoms
English Literature/Medicine-18th Century Childbirth- Anyone know anything about the tools or process?
Could someone have discovered the moons of Jupiter before Galileo?
Dirichlet's Proof of the Convergence of Fourier Series
Quantitative measures of rise and decline of scientific fields over time (beyond number of publications)
Was annihilation considered in 1905?
What is the modern interpretation of Gauss's "Summatorische Function"?
What is the origin of "law of excluded middle"?
Reference for Math-Physics history book
Whereabouts of oldest extant source for Apollonius’ *Conics*, Books I - IV
Was the United Kingdom the only faction in the Second World War that used Operations Research?
historical examples of "pseudoscience" becoming "science"
It is believed by many that Galois penned down his ideas in a letter to his friend the day before his
Who first solved the two-body problem in 3D?
What mathematical techniques Gauss used in order to tessellate the unit disk?
When and why did people stopped using "natural philosophy" term and started using "science"?
History of hypergeometric equation
How did people believe Aristotle's law of gravity for so long?
How old might Emmy Noether be in this picture?
Popper on Marx, Freud and Darwin
Who introduced passive/active gravitational mass?
What was the main language in science/mathematics before 1850
What is the etymology of the term "mode" in statistics?
Who determined whether surfaces between magnetic poles attract/repel or whether the poles' volumes do?
Who first came up with the idea that heavenly laws and earthly laws should be the same?
Existence of Pythagoras Resources
How did the terms "center" and "centralizer" come up in group theory?
Kronecker's aphorism
What work did Hideki Yukawa do during the Second World War?
Origin of Compactness
How did people in pre-Ampere period deduce this?
How many active mathematicians were there in Euler's time?
Who originated the concept of making the point dimensionless?
Strange pattern in Math Genealogy
experimental evidence of fusion
Was English mathematics behind Europe by many years because of Newton's notation?
What was the main language in science/mathematics between 1850 and 1950 and beyond
In the old days, how did chemists trap and measure gases?
Books on the history of influential Treatises on Calculus and Analysis
Precision of Ancient/Medieval Astronomy (wrt Eclipses)
When was the energy of the electron first measured?
When was the nine point conic discovered?
Where does the prefix "super" from "supersymmetry" come from?
Why is the amount of charge needed to generate 1 unit of electric flux, called permittivity?
Mathematics development can sometimes **exceed** the practical needs, right?
Question about Leibniz's "characteristic numbers" and propositional logic
Did Sommerfeld derive or measure the fine structure constant the first time he introduced it?
What does Rousseau mean by "Baroco des Logiciens"?
who was the "nabob" Truesdell thinking of?
Who coined the term "immune system"?
Example of: Two researchers working on the same question but get opposite conclusions
How did the integer degrees angles counting being first adopted in geometry and mathematics?
Why were extremely accurate sundials necessary in India?
When was the first appearance of the abbreviation RSA?
Did Einstein say "We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used to create them"?
Were there proofs of the Lebesgue Differentiation Theorem without using maximal functions?
"Species" and "terms" meaning polynomials and monomials
Did Nikolai Luzin plagiarize?
Why did Schrödinger choose a cat for his thought experiment?
What is the origin of "normal" in normal coordinates and normal modes?
Gregory's integration of $\sec\theta$
A portrait of Bombelli
Did Cyrano de Bergerac's space ship have retro-rockets?
What is the purpose of Gauss in his letter to János Bolyai when he mentioned "howling Boeotians"?
Cantor's fortune
Real effects long thought to be coincidences
How to understand `After quantum mechanics, nature itself suddenly became linear`?
Who solved the particle-in-a-box model first?
How did early scientists know if a current was changing direction? (AC vs. DC)
An english translation of Cauchy's "Cours d'Analyse"
Pythagorean and the number 17
Concept of electric flux
When and why did $\frac{dy}{dx}$ become $\frac{d}{dx}y$?
Why is umbral calculus not used more widely?
In which 1644 publication did Pietro Mengoli first pose the Basel Problem?
Are there historical origins of "robotic" voices seen in earlier sci fi movies?
Jordan's Paper on the Jordan Canonical Form
Who solved the quantum harmonic oscillator
When and why was inversive geometry created/studied?
Origins of molecular orbital diagrams?
Is there anything written by Newton's roommate Wilkins about him?
Where is the Foucault pendulum in Mainz?
Max Planck and energy quantization idea
Distinguishability of particles in statistical mechanics
History of the Gauss Circle Problem
Who correctly first explained the reason why you can see certain constellations only in certain seasons?
About the quantum mechanical relation $\:qp-pq= \mathrm{i}\hbar I\:$
Who discovered Bremsstrahlung?
Doubt regarding "Two New Science" by Galileo Galilei
Planck's quantization idea
Centroid in Babylonian Mathematics
Where did Pi come from?
Degenerate States in Quantum Mechanics
Metre definition using a seconds pendulum
Why did "cold fusion" come to mean Fleischmann-Pons fusion instead of μCF?
How was the term speed treated in the 16 and 17 century?
English equivalent for a German idiom concerning integration
Did Euclid consider circle segments as another magnitude?
Why didn't Euclid try to assign numbers to lengths?
Grand Prix in Mathematics of the French Academy of Sciences
On what basis did Kennedy think that humans could land on the moon so quickly?
Does anybody know the history of how Peter Gustav Lejeune Dirichlet came up with the “nowhere continuous” Dirichlet function?
Lengths as equivalence classes
Really confused about the history of logic / proofs / etc
Several questions about Gauss's mathematical conception of braids
Was Newton's successful calculation of precession of equinoxes a fluke?
Did Eudoxus really set out to partition irrationals (Dedekind cuts) with rationals or was that a mere side effect we perceive through our modern POV?
What brought about the need for real analysis and formal logic in recent years?
Was 360 considered a magic number, possibly?
Is there any historical mention of Richard Feynman being aware of multiverse theories of cosmology?
What are some good books that interweave the history of math and art from renaissance onward?
Has anything survived of the work of alleged science journalist and medical doctor 'Adolph Klein', allegedly born 1829 in Merseburg?
What was the relation between Euclid's points and Democritus' atoms?
Has the standard of mathematical proofs changed over time?
Who used the symbol $S_n$ for "rotation reflection" as a symmetry operation?
Original document of the Gaussian integral
Earliest drawings of the plots of trigonometric functions
Were the ancient Greeks aware of the "topology" of (Euclidean) space?
Does any extant Greek text prove that the area of an inscribed regular polygon increases with the number of sides?
Meaning of passages by Gauss on the "convergence of expansions (in infinite series) of the (elliptical) equation of the center"?
Name of the paper that suffered a famous editor mistake
What was the old system of using right circular cones to solve problems about circles in the plane?
Origin of the coulomb and ampere
Explanation of Gauss's late fragments dealing with "the conformal image of the ellipse"
Why did Euclid define "a unit" instead of "the unit"?
Did Ludwig Boltzmann read Albert Einstein's publication published on Brownian motion one year before Boltzmann passed away?
How did Romans do multiplications?
What pythagorean table looked like?
What are natural science concepts that were once thought the same, but grew to be distinguished?
Why do we call Chinese monoid "Chinese"? Why not "American"?
Irrational numbers math in old Roman age
What motivated the choice of the word "model" in model theory?
Modern Views on Pythagoras
How widespread was the belief that the earth is round in Europe until the Renaissance?
What are some good references elucidating the discovery/creation of Fourier Series?
Who first proved Fubini's theorem for abstract measure spaces?
First discussion of radial/volume excess in General Relativity
Why is Riemann's dissertation (from 1851) considered a turning point in the history of the theory of conformal mappings?
Origin of Gauss-Newton method
Clairaut's proposed correction (reported as "D'Alembert's, Clairaut's and Euler's corrections") to the Newtonian inverse-square law of gravity
Notation for Christoffel symbols
Was Lorentz aware of Le Sage theory?
What if we measure a physical constant to higher accuracy?
Lomonsov gravity vs liberal-relativistic gravity
What are historical applications of geometry to measuring distances beyond human reach?
Biographical informations on Igor Ado
Did Michel Rolle say that the calculus is "a collection of ingenious fallacies"?
How did people figure out the formula for mechanical work, and related it to energy?
How was gravity explained in Ancient Greek and Roman times?
Why was the idea of anti-particles having negative mass abandoned?
Why do mathematicians call ~ 'twiddle'?
Pop-sci books that were publicly influential but based on weak science
How did people measure electric charge at the time of Coulomb?
Who came up with a number of the theoretical plates equation?
How did ancients differenciate between inner and outer planets?
How was the historical definition of the meter used in practice?
Questions about the history of proofs of the divergence theorem
If John Michell was more well known, would he rank above Isaac Newton in the history of science?
Why are permutations ($_nP_r$) called differently in non-English languages ("variations" in German)?
Big list: things used before they were named
How did Reginald Fessenden realize that spark-gaps could generate waves and the modulation of those waves with voice?
Why is the H theorem called the big Eta theorem?
Level of maths of engineers in the Industrial Revolution
Did Galois make use of the concept of a basis?
mathematical development
Who was the first scientist to develop the concept and mathematical formula of string theory?
Who was L. Aubry?
What geometric results were first proven by assuming all real numbers are rational?
Who was the first person who emphasis the importance of proof?
The exhausting Greek fear of infinity
Heat Capacity versus Fourier's Law
who proved discrete spectrum of Laplace-Beltrami on compact Riemannian manifolds?
Was further research done about the invention of Algebra?
Why are partial derivatives necessary when deriving the equation for a vibrating string?
When were polynomial equations first factored?
What is the story behind the recently discovered gear fragment of Olbia?
What is the intuition behind Brahmagupta’s rule for multiplying negative numbers?
What is the relationship between the word "kernel" that means nullspace and the "kernel" of an integral transform?
Rocket & drag equation?
What was Newton's view of theory of matter?
How was it discovered how many electrons are in one coulomb?
Was "peasant multiplication" ever used as the predominant method of multiplication?
Gentzen systems and natural deduction
Was the value of the mole invented or discovered in chemistry?
Historic misidentification of transuranium elements?
How close was Hooke to developing a comprehensive system of gravity?
Euclid’s Proposition I.3 overused?
How did the modern understanding of Galois theory come about?
What were the 3 critical experiments and the argument given by Ampère which helped in determining the magnetic field made by electric current?
Origin of arcminutes, arcseconds, "arcthirds," "arcfourths," etc
Why are X and Y commonly used as mathematical placeholders?
Original paper of Gauss on his method of quadrature
Who came up with R for the universal gas constant?
General Relativity, General Covariance and Equivalence Principle
How did the early chemists make a connection between gram formula weight with 1 mole and Avogadro's number?
How did Quetelet discover that the body mass is proportional to the squared height?
How did Ruffini discover his method of polynomial division?
Did Galileo state the principle of equivalence in full generality?
Egyptian number system?
Science about population interaction with ecosystems?
Who came up with a formula expressing the sign function in terms of the absolute value?
How did the proofs of uniqueness of additive inverses originate historically?
Why is differentiation under the integral sign named the Leibniz rule?
Where did the story about Newcomb observing Benford’s Law come from?
How did scientists (or researchers ) discover prograde and retrograde burns?
Discovery of the Power Series Form of the Exponential Function
How did Huygens derive the conservation law for of kinetic energy?
What new physics was discovered or needed as a result of the Manhattan Project?
The Hahn-Kolmogorov Extension Theorem
When was the term "corollary" first used in proofs?
What algebra problem did Serge Lang give to calculus students?
Did Einstein want to reduce general relativity to elementary mathematics?
Origin of the expression “Fundamental theorem of Algebra”
How did Newton and Leibniz interpret the integral?
Charge concept before discovery of electron
Why is the problem of demarcation important in the history of science?
Did Maxwell originally write his equations using quaternions?
How did the early chemists determine the atomic weight of hydrogen?
Where the term elasticity (of a function) come from?
Riemann's Contribution to Integration
Examples of when the professional scientists or mathematicians were wrong, but the nonprofessionals were right?
The Integral as a Uniform Limit of Step Functions
Frege alluded to a logic algorithm?
Reference request concerning an alleged Jewish contribution to the early theory of light refraction, and to the first geometry textbook in Europe
At what point did Calculus become a required field of study for aspiring scientists?
Did the author of Alice in Wonderland make any substantial original discoveries in mathematics?
Did the French ever use the decimal time in science?
How did Peano prove his existence theorem without Ascoli's theorem?
What are some references that Lev Landau was atheist?
Who associated the sharp, principal, diffuse, fundamental spectral terms with electron's momentum?
Is there any relation of the word "normal" with a subgroup being normal?
Where is the first reference to the "Z combinator", a call-by-value fix-point combinator?
Cauchy's Integral Theorem Motivation
High voltage / current sources in 19th century cathode ray experiments
Who discovered fluid visocity?
What was the scientific explanation of earthquakes in the 18th century?
Resources for handwritten scientific notes?
How on Earth did Ampere come up with Ampere's circuital law?
Earliest Instances of a Slope/Direction Field for a First-Order ODE
What were the smallest numbers encountered in history?
Why does the US keep survey miles and feet?
Could someone explain Vives logical notation?
What's the relationship between Aristotle's theory of elements and motion and geometry?
What are some of the earliest mentions of scientific "cranks"?
Mathematical analysis vs. Practical genius
In the world before thermometers did people use freezing points as a sort of proto-thermometer?
How did Eratosthenes determine that Alexandria and Syene were on the same meridian?
When and how did usage of the term Centigrade give way to Celsius? Are/were they in fact numerically identical?
Why is electric dipole moment represented by “p”?
Is it a historical coincidence that relative atomic weights by chemical methods and mass spectrometry are very close?
Does the story about Thales and the heights of pyramids illustrate that Thales did not know of AAA triangle similarity?
Courant (1943) and History of Finite Element Method
Earliest Known reference to a female scientist?
Communication using mathematical notation among people of different languages
Where does the word ``sine'' (as in $\sin x$) come from?
How did Maxwell fall short of Einstein?
Duality while studying properties of an ensemble
Why didn't John von Neumann win the Turing Award, Fields Medal or Nobel Prize?
Who first proved that only primes of the form $4k+1$ divide odd integers of the form $n^2+1$?
What did scientists think was the function of breathing before the discovery of atmospheric gases?
Overflow behavior in turn counters of Odhner-style arithmometers
Origin of the Heaviside function?
The "Universal Information Society" of the XIX century?
What experiments led to the sign of the electron's charge?
Who developed The Fundamental Theorem of Curves
Which book covers topology historically?
When did the research field of Astrophysics begin?
Did the Idea of Universal Gravitation predate Newton?
Origin of "bootstrapping" in mathematical logic
Why didn't Lorentz conclude that no object can go faster than light?
Why are there 24 hours in a day?
Examples of papers co-authored by parent/child, or siblings
Is it the 'd' or 'D' operator?
How could "Law of Reciprocal Proportions" be formulated before "Law of Definite Proportions"?
How - Historically- René Descartes works affect the invention of calculus?
What is the earliest instance of the use of an algorithm to solve problems?
How did early physicists experimentally assign electronic transitions in atoms?
What technologies were used before JavaScript?
Is there a name for the idea that the limitations on the accuracy of a model depend on the point of view of the observer?
Who did the drawings in Hilbert's and Cohn-Vossen's "Anschauliche Geometrie"?
In left- or right-rotation for arrays, where did those conventions for the directions come from?
Looking for references to an experiment on the evaporation rate of water in sunlight
Does the “O” in the google doodle for Olga Ladyzhenskaya have anything to do with her work?
How was the notion of the metacenter of a floating body discovered?
Has a stereotypical "mad scientist" ever made a significant discovery?
Can anybody identify an appropriate radio for this game?
What calculation did Halley or anyone else do to estimate the effects of Jupiter and Saturn on Halley's comet's return in 1758/9?
What theorem of Sophus Lie on the number of geometries is H. Poincaré referring to?
Did old Crookes Radiometers ever have a pair of terminals?
Who achieved the analytic continuation of the Gamma function?
Did the death of Archimedes mark the turning point of the golden age of Greek science
Is the anecdote about Niels Bohr keeping a horseshoe on his door true?
Was multivariable calculus particularly prominent in Italy?
Can we fairly assess Ada Lovelace's talent for mathematics?
Did Cambridge change their BSc policy for Ramanujan?
How long would it have taken Cole to multiply the factors of $M_{67}$ on a blackboard?
Which is the physical interpretation of the "strange" constant $e \cdot c/ 4 \pi$?
Why does Michael Stifel's version of Pascal's Triangle look the way it does?
What made Euclid/Heron define line as a length without breadth and point as that with no part?
Remarkable numerical calculations before electronic computers
History of various definitions of topology
Is Newton going to be the new Aristotle?
Where to find some early discussions of the Equinox(es)?
How long has the order of priority of arithmetical operations been widely taught in high schools?
Why was the 'differential entropy' from information theory so named?
Which kinds of academic revolutions has philosophy of science indentified so far and when?
Meaning of a cryptic sentence by Gauss on "the mobility of figures in the hyperbolic plane"
Who are the top mathematicians who were ignored due to their unconventional approach?
Does anyone know articles or books about what the notion of difficulty in science, especially physics?
What's that on Euler's head? Does the head covering shown in Emanuel Handmann 1753 painting signify scholarship?
Did Bohr comment on Bohm's interpretation of quantum mechanics?
How did Einstein know the Avogadro Number?
What is the origin of Arabic numerals
Why is there little scholarship devoted to Book II of Newton's Principia?
The minimax theorem from 1928 to 1956
How did Cassini measure the "Cassini state" of the Moon? What measurements were made; what did the data look like?
Old geometry terminology
How was the value of the electron's spin ($\pm \frac{\hbar}{2}$) first determined?
Who are credited for angle transformation formulae and law of sines in trignometry
Was there early opposition to Newton's mechanics?
Who is credited for formalising the theory of isomorphisms?
Equivalence principle before Einstein
Origin and use of the adjective "improper" in mathematics
What is the origin of the four cardinal directions (North, East, South, and West)?
Using paper of known density to calculate area under a curve
How did philosophers and scientists in the 18th century view mathematical explanation?
History of a contour integral method for summing series
What actually led Feynman to the path integral formulation of quantum mechanics?
Who introduced concept of capacitance matrix
Introduction of shape parameters in the formulation of probability distribution
When did the term "order" come into use as the highest exponent in an expansion?
Were notable physicists great at math or computing?
When were vectors invented?
The convention for speakers to refer to themselves at the board with a single initial
What was the structure of first course in sociology?
What are some good books on history of mathematical thought?
Apparent contradiction in Copernicus' Commentariolus
Material on the History of Mathematical Spaces
Bainbridge's test of mass-energy equivalence
Where did Ptolemy compare the Earth to the distance of fixed stars?
When did people start to state and justify properties of arithmetical operations?
Mellin's original paper on his transform
How was Lagrange appointed professor of mathematics so early?
Hydrogen electrode and its electrode potential
Influence of Poincaré on Julia and Fatou
How did the obelus ÷ come to stand for division?
What were the typical ways students were taught the elements when it remained the prime textbook of mathematics?
When Indian mathematicians learn of Euclid's Elements?
When did stoichiometry begin to be taught in U.S. high schools?
How is the word kernel associated with distributions?
Why is the representation of the direction of the x and y axes in two dimensions different than in three dimensions?
How was it discovered in the 19th century that electric or magnetic forces were not instantaneous?
What is the origin of Zodiac (Kaalachakra) signs?
When was 4D space "conceived of"?
Refraction in Newton's Corpuscular Theory of Light
Why would Margaret Hamilton and her team at NASA print the code on paper?
What is the status of the three crises in the history of mathematics?
What was the notion of limit that Newton used?
Does Galileo's method of tracing a parabola actually work?
What are the references for Riemann's discussion of gravity?
What was Isaac Newton's contribution to optics?
Where can I find sources for Gergonne's research on the fundamental relations among classes?
$[\operatorname{Cos}(x)+i\operatorname{Sin}(x)]\cdot[\operatorname{Cos}(y)+i\operatorname{Sin}(y)]=\operatorname{Cos}(x+y)+i\operatorname{Sin}(x+y)$
Who introduced cylindrical coordinates?
Did knowledge of astronomy spread among Indo-European civilizations in antiquity?
When and why was the symbol w introduced for biological fitness
How was logarithm discovered?
What animals or plants were used to illustrate ideas of physics?
Usage of reverse side of circular slide rule
Robert Boyle discovery of electricity
Is using ~ for “approximately equal” a relic of the typewriter and ASCII era?
Charles du fay experiment
Why is Robinson arithmetic "Q"?
How did Henry Cavendish deduce the inverse square law in electrostatics from his experiment in 1772?
Electric spark discovery
Kite experiment
Water conductivity discovery
Who first "depressed" the cubic equation?
Feynman story: providing two different explanations for the same phenomenon
How did Francis Hauksbee know that mercury would glow in his electrostatic generator?
Euler's Derivation of Euler's Method for ODEs
Who changed $i$ to $j$ in electronics?
When did trigonometry move away from treating chord as primitive?
Notable theories on the far side of the moon pre 1959
History behind the word pressure
Galileo discovery of vacuum
Where in Gauss's nachlass did he pose the problem of connectedness of a surface?
What does it mean by "d-ism of Leibniz" and "dotage of Newton" in simple English?
Is it true Einstein doubted relativity near the end of his life?
What are the great works of Richard Phillips Feynman?
I am searching for a book of this form and content, is there any?
Torricellis invention of barometer
How has the estimate of the number of stars in the universe changed over time?
Which is the earliest written record of hexagonal tesselation of the plane?
Why did Schrödinger write a letter to Einstein “apologizing profusely for his duplicity”?
Who were the other European astronomers who identified new stars around the time of Tycho Brahe?
Which physicist is this quote attributed to?
How did Newton measure forces in his experiments to establish the laws of motion?
Did John von Neumann ever go to any Nordic Country? Did Eugene Paul Wigner ever go to any other Nordic Country apart from Sweden?
Why is the meaning of "linear" different in school and college use?
Who first defined polynomials as sequences?
Were tables of square roots ever in use?
Who coined the term random variable?
How were negative numbers first used in physics?
Was the continuum hypothesis commonly believed to be independent before Cohen's proof?
Are there any sources of mathematicians talking about their research methods?
Discovery of Suction pump
Ctesibius discovery of compressed air
The relationship between solvability of ruler and compass problems and solvability of algebraic equations by radicals
What triggered jesuits' ban on infinitesimals in 1632?
Was Lord Kelvin at any point a proponent of vitalism?
What are the principles of historiography of science?
Entry in Gauss' Mathematisches Tagebuch (Mathematical Diary)
When and how did the notion/idea of physical constant emerge?
Are Wheeler's It from Bit/Participatory Universe and the Multiverse related?
Who came up with the convolution theorem?
Did Ludwig Boltzmann ever go to Copenhagen or any other part of Denmark?
How did the use of the word "origin" become commonplace in geometry?
The origin of F=ma
Did Newton already have F= ma (or equivalent) before finding his gravity equations?
What if Newton's bucket had been a sphere?
What are some of the unsolved mathematical problems posed and stated clearly prior to the year 1900?
What was Havil's source for the statement that G.H. Hardy would offer his Savillian chair to whoever could prove irrational?
Several questions about Gauss's contributions to observational astronomy
Why are "join" and "meet" named as they are?
Logarithm tables vs multiplication tables
Great scientists with chaotic private lives
Source of claim that Leibniz discovered separation of variables for ODEs in 1691?
Source for Felix Klein quote about curves
On the Origin of the Concept of Aliasing & the Discrete Fourier Transform Frequency Axis
Were ancients really so bad at computations before Arab numerals?
Circular reasoning in Eratosthenes's measurement of the Earth's circumference
First occurrence of the Bloch sphere in the scientific literature
Were people aware of the "mistakes" in Euclid's Elements before the start of the formalization of Mathematics?
How did Newton come up with mass terms in his gravitation formula and then what led to a confusion between inertial and gravitational mass?
Who discovered Maxwell-Faraday equation, $\nabla\times E=-\frac{\partial B}{\partial t}$? Was it Maxwell or Neumann?
Looking for a specific story about young Stephen Hawking
Invention of the SI unit of plane angle:Radian
Who all scientists made a mark in the world despite their disabilities?
What was the problem that led to Calculus discovery
Source for this story about EInstein learning algebra from his uncle
How did J. J. Thomson establish the particle nature of the electron?
Was there a more intuitive early proof of the generalized mean value theorem?
What was this experiment tainted by the observer effect?
Difference between Perrin's and J. J. Thomson's experiment
How did Gibbs discover Gibbs entropy?
Does Heliocentrism predate Copernicus?
Is there any general difference between British, French and German mathematicians?
When/Why did Septagon change to Heptagon?
On the history of Haar measure
What is the idea behind the naming of the term "displacement current" in electromagnetism?
Who invented the gradient descent algorithm?
Why was Indicial equations named so?
Is there a biography of Robert Risch?
How was this equation for pi derived by Ramanujan?
Did physicist David Bohm ever propose the existence of a multiverse?
Foucault pendulum historical question
On Trigonometric Methods Available to Aristarchus
Did Wheeler ever propose the existence of a multiverse containing parallel simultaneous universes?
Conventional orientation of axes in scientific plots
Textbooks used by Oliver Heaviside
Where in Gauss's nachlass apears his sketch of a geometric proof for the biquadratic reciprocity law?
I want to know the source of why Archimedes' broken chord theorem is Archimedes good
Dimension of the candela unit: What does J stand for?
Origin of mechanical work before work energy theorem
What did people mean by the term Force in earlier times?
Where did the notation for dimensions of a quantity come from?
How did Bishop Francis Godwin Know About Mass and Gravity Pre-Newton?
Reference Request: Did Descartes leave solving the quintic as an exercise to his readers?
Did the principles of celestial mechanics affect the development of electromagnetism?
What is the origin of the Chinese Stick Multiplication method?
Two questions about Gauss's contributions to capillarity and the calculus of variations
Did Wheeler accept Carter's anthropic principle-based multiverse?
What is Poincare's "Fourth Geometry"?
How did Hardy and Littlewood formulate the k-tuple conjecture?
Did anyone with formal medical education become a known theoretical physicist?
Asymptotically Periodic Potentials
Did Isaac Barrow also discover the other thing about the inverse relation between area and tangent?
Reference for history of physics with description of mathematical models
Origin of the "law of quadratic reciprocity"
How did Milton Babitt teach math at Princeton and research math, without an undergraduate degree in math?
Does anyone know of any examples of the Magnus effect in a real battle?
How did Hagoromo Fulltouch chalk gain so much popularity among mathematicians in the West?
Where did the false "equal transit-time" explanation of lift originate from?
Why is Einstein-Hilbert action called Einstein-Hilbert action?
Did Ostrogradsky dismiss Lobachevsky's book on non-Euclidean geometry "because the world is obviously Euclidean"?
Why was 'ordinate' adopted to signify y-coordinate?
When was it found that a function could be decomposed as a sum of even and odd functions?
Did Werner Heisenberg ever agree or propose the existence of some kind of multiverse?
Why 1 was source of numbers even though ancient Greeks knew about irrational number?
Reference Request: Comment about Contradictions Proof Method Related to John G. Thompson
Feynman's statement about the importance of basic science
Newton's calculus and the binomial theorem
I can't comprehend the sentence in Euclid Elements
First Proof Done By Negation
What was the "libration of Pallas" that Gauss studied, when Pallas is not a moon of Jupiter?
Did Paul Dirac believe in multiple universes?
Earliest use of the word 'polytropic' to describe an equation of state or process
From where the so-named "elastica problem" is coming from?
