How do I approach the issue of someone reading what's on my phone when I'm on public transportation with them?
How best to address a former teacher
How to notifiy cleaning personnel that they've "missed a spot"
Housemates, setting boundaries early
How can I convince my teacher that I'm still suffering from mental illness, despite him insisting I'm over it?
Why do men rise when a woman leaves the room?
How to tactfully give someone a chance to leave without compromising the conversation
How to deal with someone secretly taking pictures of you
How to respond to questions that make one uncomfortable?
How to handle friends who never invite?
How do I gently communicate to someone online that I'm not open to supporting them?
How do I kindly stop my friends from hanging in my room too much?
How should I interrupt a long monologue during an argument?
How do I ask for a receipt without implying distrust?
My brother is very unhygienic but claims that he is healthy
How do I elegantly discard a friend?
How do I isolate a group of my friends from a group of theirs
How to tell someone not to start a business?
How to tell someone believing in pseudoscience & conspiracy theories is wrong without making them feel stupid/upset?
How to talk to grandma about money she promised me
How to approach my brother about reading what's on my screen?
How to handle an unreasonably hostile individual when avoiding them/the situation is not an option?
My brother messes up his life (and those of other family members) by doing nothing. How to have a talk with him about this?
How to talk to a person not sticking to the rules of a secret santa and disappointing the receiver of their gift?
How can I communicate my frustration about very good but not perfect grades to my student friends?
How can I set expectations with roommates/housemates a year into the arrangement, and make sure we hold each other to it?
Letting a stranger know I may have dinged their car?
How can I tell my boss that the informational inaccuracies aren't my fault without sounding whiny?
How to talk to my parents when they are the ones causing the problem?
How to get a close relative to stop disrespecting LGBT people in random conversations without starting any argument/fight?
Uncomfortable With Neighbor Mowing Our Lawn
How do I caution my brother about getting married two weeks after meeting someone?
How can I recognise that I am teasing someone too much without verbal feedback from that person?
How to show interest in getting to know others while still protecting yourself
How do I tell my close-ones that I don't appreciate it when they say I look like a bird?
Girlfriend's sister's boyfriend talking excessively to my girlfriend
How to respond when someone tells you about their failure
How to stop someone from complaining about a third person in front of you without sounding rude?
How do I uninvite a friend from building a PC because I decided to invite others?
How to invite a coworker I'm romantically interested in to a dinner party without sounding like I have an agenda?
How to get confrontational brother to respect my life choices
How to convince my parents I'm happy with my social life?
How can I tell someone to talk to a professional instead of me without seeming dismissive?
Dismissing a stranger asking for help without being dismissive of their possible situation?
How do I constructively address my co-worker's accusation that I don't see her as a "real person?"
How do I properly apologize to a good friend and let them know that I did not actually want them to move to another city?
How do I deal with someone who makes more of my disabilities than I do?
How to re-engage someone whom I think might not remember me?
Invitation for dinner refused with a strange reason
How to Handle Openly Hostile Strangers On the Subway?
How to deal with a good friend and a girlfriend that do not get on
How to prevent a coworker from engaging inappropriate talk about personal finances?
How to comfort someone in pain from a mild injury?
How do I decline a friend wanting to become roommates?
Mom accuses dad of cheating
How to tactfully ask someone to adjust their shirt for a photo?
Telling people that feeding bread to ducks is harmful
How do I rebut my Dad's political Facebook posts that are factually untrue and offensive, without destroying a fragile relationship?
How can I tell my classmates I'm not ok with their teasing?
How to Invite shy acquaintance to a talk without her friend?
How Do You Stop Overthinking About A Romantic Interest?
How do I reduce noise in a co-working space?
How to tell someone I'm uninterested in them romantically?
Best way to give coworker chance to share personal (religious) information with me that I already heard from someone else?
How do I ask someone to be my roommate?
How to Build a Friendship with a Private Instructor
How to communicate a non-dangerous mental illness to others?
Should I let my wife's little brother win at chess?
How can I ask a friend co-worker to stop sending an embarrassing emoji without offending him?
Dealing with what I perceive as unreasonable demands from spouse
How can I explain to others that I'm not comfortable with the word 'queer'?
How to tell a close friend and partner in business that I'm seeing his ex-girlfriend?
How to ask to pay for products from a friend's shop rather than accepting them as gifts without being rude?
How to sooth relationship between roommate and my sister (who lives with us)?
How can I tell if an old friend has interest in me?
Conversing with a Conversation Hog
How to help my mother work through extreme anxieties?
How can I go out to lunch with a friend's partner with him not feeling betrayed?
How can I try to have my mom help me understand why she won't accept a sincere apology?
Is it considered rude to not shake hands when wishing a group of people Happy Christmas and the like?
My dog and I offended a new neighbor. How do we make it right?
Is "Can you come to the game on Saturday?" a question or a request?
How to refuse to shake hands without offending the other party?
Conventions for small talk in Germany as a non-German English speaker
Friend gets mad and hangs up on me
Win over a girl who is going through a break up
How to react to clerks mocking me in the grocery store?
How to handle finding out your friends are getting together without you?
How to enjoy working in a team?
How to deal with bullies who are teacher's pets?
How do I encourage my family to talk more and watch tv less when I'm visiting?
How can I get someone to stop paying for my meal?
Alternative to "you look tired"
How do I communicate to my husband that I don't like oral sex?
My girlfriend told me that she has some feeling for her colleague. What should I do?
How to clearly express an idea in a group without confusing listeners?
How do I tell my parents "I don't want to go to church" over the holidays?
How to Disengage From Complaining Co-Worker
How to respond to elderly relatives who say things like “if I’m still here next year...”?
How to ask parents to stop commenting about my weight?
How can I tell my aunt that I won't be 'Santa' next year
How would I help a person who is bored of everything to start being a little more productive?
How can I explain to my partner that my online interactions are important to me to reduce their frustration when I talk about them?
How could I determine if one simply could not or also would not like to go on a date?
How prevent repetitions of the same story?
How to apologize for not sending gifts to every member of the family this Christmas
How to get my coworkers and family to respect my hobby
Girlfriend, vegetarianism and me not wanting to change
How soon after Christmas should I give a gift?
Communicating during sex when my partner doesn't like direct questions?
How to ask out a German girl in the college?
How to tell friends that they are welcome without their kids?
How to communicate I'm not interested in any relationship other than friendship?
Needing quiet time, but not wanting to offend or cause "problems"
When having two visitors over, how to communicate a desire to spend more one-on-one time with only one of them?
A friend gifted me a relatively expensive present, what present is appropriate for me to give him back
Should I overlook a family member ogling my wife, or confront them in hopes it will stop?
How do I improve the quality and smoothness of my reactions in social interactions, without having actual conversations?
How best to tell a parent I wish to stop tutoring her son?
How to miss my own stag/bachelor party?
How should I handle awkward workplace situation?
How to effectively communicate to my mother that she sometimes suppresses me even if she doesn't realize it?
How to tell a girl that I want to "try" date her
Reply to an email that does not necessarily need an answer
Is it socially acceptable to dismiss a compliment?
If you rely on your partner to do something, how do you ask them to do it better?
What does not initiating and not asking questions back mean?
What's the average comforting time after breakups?
How do I help my "online" friend who suffers from depression and anxiety?
How to handle my girlfriend finding out about my second apartment?
How to ask a coworker you like if he plans to attend your dinner party without making him feel pressured
How can I convince my family to go out without me?
How to find friends as a programmer (teenager)?
Dealing with sexual comments from customers
Coworker scans my body. How to best tell him to stop?
How to ask someone how their diet is going
Is it rude to not ask for a reason first when receiving a gift (chocolate) from a colleague?
Correcting non-native speakers’ language
Asking for Raise after training and certifications
How to handle degrading neighbour / acquaintance couples?
How to handle friends who don't get along anymore?
How can I discuss payment for therapy with my mother without discussing the specifics of my mental health?
How can I work with my friend to determine how much money he owes me?
How can I convince my brother to take up programming?
How to ask a new friend about his sexuality?
How to explain your future goals in an evaluation interview?
Roommate dating man I have a crush on
How to find out if my friend is ignoring me or if I have the wrong contact info?
How should I handle the situation when I caught my student cheating in examination?
How can I try and make people want to do things with me and talk to me?
How do I schedule an event with multiple people?
How do you choose holiday gifts for relatives
How can I get my upstairs neighbors to stop stomping on my ceiling?
How do I negotiate more "Man" time for myself without offending my partner?
Is a verbal response that directly expresses anger always the wrong choice?
How to tell friend/roommate/landlord that I am looking for other places to live?
Is it rude to ignore everybody else in a chatroom and only talk with one person?
How to ask people to speak softer?
How to tell my office mates stop talking when I am working?
How to I tell my roomate he needs to shower more often?
Can you help me to stop workplace bullying?
How can I help my Significant Other to overcome his fear particularly when I don't understand it?
How to deal with comments about my likes and dislikes
How to gently turn down a female coworker who asked for a sperm donation?
Alternative for "What's the worst thing that can happen" (dealing with anxiety)
How to stop people from touching me without having to freak out at them
How should I communicate with someone who ignores sound advice from people who make her feel bad
How do I deal with a client who doesn't respect me?
How to tell people I'm not their tech support?
How should someone apologize when both parties were wrong?
Tips on reassuring partner with bad experiences with previous partners
How to politely ask someone not to spread personal information?
How to deal with a noisy neighbor you're on friendly terms with?
How do I explain to my coworkers I'm not 'facebooking'?
Responding to being told to "smile" by a stranger?
How do I find out if I'm invited to a party?
Is it OK to be honest with guys viewing an apartment to rent?
Dating with EBV/mono
How best to offer practical assistance?
How do I say my goodbye to a female coworker?
How do I anticipate whether using the expression "of color" will be received favourably or not?
Writing supply conditions that define customer's deadline
How do appreciate people's creations that take very little effort
How to nicely remind someone to reply to an important message without being rude?
Which salutation should I use in email, in which not the owner of the email replies?
How to insist (and convince) on a course of action when you are not in a position of power
Best way to tell a new friend I'd like to date her
How can I offer priority seat to a plus sized lady that I assume is pregnant?
How to tactfully chase your case manager who became ill?
How to tell a colleague to not drink water from my bottle
Avoiding unnecessary touches from doctors
How to deal with a suite mate who gossips about me within the first few days of move-in
What's the etiquette for posting a webcomic on your site?
How to restore harmony between my family and my wife or is it necessary?
How to respond when someone that doesn't know my age invites me to something I can't do
What are sensible dating precautions to avoid accusations of sexual harassment?
How to handle being interrupted
How do I deal with a coworker who unplugs my monitor because I didn't turn it off?
How do you communicate efficiently with someone who is stuttering?
How to tell a co-worker that I feel sorry for something I did
How do I communicate with someone who addresses me in a more meaningful way than I'm comfortable with?
When looking for shared living accommodation, how to ask if room can be locked?
How do I politely explain to my neighbour that I don't feel comfortable being alone with her in her house while my kids play?
Refusing gifts from an estranged relative
What are some examples of / what makes a good small talk question?
Friend in a group behaving a bit strange, how to distance myself without being too forward?
What do I do when I'm meeting a girl that likes me for the last time
How to address awful smells from the flat above
How to react when your flirt gives the same respond like you did
How can I convey to a friend that the way she chews is incredibly loud and uncomfortable?
Dealing with a friend trying to get me a girlfriend
How to stop my ex wife from pressuring relationship between our son and my new partner
How can I keep a conversation on topic with a person who rambles?
Dealing with a friend who takes everything seriously
How to tell a friend that his indifference is hurting my feelings?
How can I deal with my cousin spreading the false perception that my current girlfriend is his ex-girlfriend?
How do I politely tell people that I don't have an answer to their personal question?
How to tell someone they're not welcome at an event you organise
How do I effectively get people to look past my age when considering my abilities, if they know how old I am?
How to stop an unofficial housemate from leaving cigarette ends in our plates and cups?
Stopping a relationship with a good friend because It's too overwhelming and new for me
How to explain that it upsets me to see people kill insects?
How to politely interrupt recruiters who keep cold-calling me during my work hours?
How do I pitch a message for a Fraternity Election?
How do I stress that having children is not an option when picking a date?
How can I tell people that I’m not interested in donating to their charity?
How to find out if my colleague has already had their baby and if everything is well?
How do I ask someone to stop changing your plans?
How to communicate to coworkers that I am not comfortable with celebratory hugs
How can I politely ask my date to not use her phone unnecessarily during dinner, without ruining the night out?
How to tell a colleague to take care of how he looks
Friend's BF tends to get hammered, how do I politely address that I don't want his behavior to get out of hand at the campsite?
How should I tell someone about a potential medical issue?
How to tell my mother she needs permanent home help?
how does one jump-start a social life in the face of abusers who are making it impossible to socialize within your tightest circle?
Reminding lecturer to reply to previous email I sent
Planned to move into shared house but not allowed when someone alleged I made them uncomfortable (adults)
Why does a man pay for the first date with a woman?
Suggestions on how to constructively discuss mundane issues with spouse?
How to react when my girlfriend allows others to insult me to her?
How to invite terminal ill / very sick friends to a party?
How to ask/find out if people are interested in LGBT dating/relationships?
Should I explain myself while apologizing?
How to find out how my father would like us to decide for him with regard to medical treatment?
How to tell an older colleague that they are not superior to me?
How do I politely tell my coworker he can do the work himself?
Neighbors have loud doorstep exchanges in middle of the night
How to approach an inevitable breakup after sudden death in partner's family?
New friend put us in awkward position
How to gracefully usher people out of my office at the conclusion of an appointment?
How do I ask why they think I was being creepy?
How to ask my partner not to postpone chores?
How can I help my father understand our dog's needs?
How to break contact with a headhunter?
How to tell a roommate to stop using stuff around the apartment that does not belong to him?
How to ask people to be more straightforward?
How to tell flatmate to remove her pets, since it's not allowed?
Stepmother wants me to sign for life insurance without consulting a lawyer, how do I tell her that I will only do this after talking to one?
How can I convince my partner to accept my best friend instead of wanting to break up?
Politely telling someone a claim they shared on social media is false?
Asking a girl whether she would like to dance with me
How to communicate with a friend I've known online for eight years?
Is there any research showing whether sandwich feedbacks are more effective than other forms of feedback?
How can I convincingly communicate to a friend that I don't have a 'personal' mobile number?
How should I continue to have contact with this girl online?
Discussing going to a therapist and seeing my father
Means of expressing sympathy and understanding without saying "I know"
How to remark politely that you are not an idiot, just not fluent on english language?
Apologizing to an old roommate
How to deal with (male) friends mocking me about my weight choices
How to tell my classmates that I don't want to sit in the back row
How to deal with coworkers making comments on my dietary/lifestyle choices
How to react to a friend who contacts me after long time intervals but does not respond after I reply and keeps the attitude for multiple times
How do I gently reject an indecent proposal?
How do I tell a potential partner about my autism?
How should household chores be split for non-parent, different work-hour couples?
Is this a good way (with respect to time) to disclose an STD to a potential partner?
How to tell a date I really enjoyed our dates so far and I would like to go on another, when I might have offended her?
How to say no to people asking for charity without feeling bad about it?
How to deal with a huge misunderstanding and an angry ex-girlfriend?
How do I effectively fix a situation in which I personally insulted a friend out of anger?
How to deal with unruly children that aren't yours?
How to talk to best friend about broken trust?
How to say "No" without any hesitation and discomfort
Dealing with ex-girlfriend suicide threat
How to talk to parents who undermine tutoring
I'm a bibimbap heretic - can I eat my food the way I want without coming off as disrespectful?
How to tell roommate about planning to live with someone else
How to gracefully accept an implied/indirect compliment?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I do not need to eat more?
How to ask future roommate to leave room?
How do I tell the classmates I sat next to that I swapped seats?
Saying 'Yes' while initiating a telephonic or messaging conversation
How can I ask my girlfriend to share the cost of our dates rather than having to always pay for them myself?
How to contact a girl whose number I got from somebody else?
How to deal with neighbors making accusations but won't hear me out?
How do I ask my fiancée if she likes oral sex?
With whom to make eye contact during a conversation with 3 people?
How can I communicate my expectations regarding scheduling a meet-up with someone?
How to deal with a super perfectionist classmate?
How can I apologize to a professional for being rude in an email?
How can I politely tell parents of kids to stop playing with my son's toys/equipment to give him and his friends a chance?
My sister has an alcohol and drug addiction. How can I get people to stop asking me about her?
How to communicate with neighbour with banging door without making her uncomfortable
How to tell a "friend" to stop pretending to flirt with my girlfriend?
Apologize to a semi-romantic friend without implying a desire to get together after my break up
"Stole" my friend's excitement about a personal project - how to deal with the fallout
How to deal with a jealous girlfriend?
Responding to my mom's remarks about my love life when she refuses to accept/acknowledge it
How to talk to someone about being chronically late - not to fix it, just to get more accurate ETAs?
How do I tell a friend I can't afford her wedding?
How to approach Co-Worker who seems to avoid talking to me?
Should I change my attitude or way of talking based on the group conversation I have?
How to let tech support subtly know that I am proficient without showing off?
How to ask someone to stop behaving in a certain way in public that makes me uncomfortable
How do I recognize false praises?
How do I express affection and appreciation for a dear friend with low self esteem?
How to elicit a response from a colleague about his feelings for me without affecting work environment?
Persuade community staff to be more lenient on unwritten "rules" about hot tub
How to deal with constantly negative roommate?
How to prepare my girlfriend for the break-up?
Improving teacher-student relationship
How best to come out to socially conservative (and religious) family members?
How to express emotional support from out of the blue without sounding creepy?
How do I tell someone that a cultural practice is unsanitary and they should stop?
How do I tell someone that I don't want to be friends?
How to establish boundaries with a neighbour who breaches basic privacy?
How to deal with distracting siblings?
Nice way to offer flowers for a girl I "just" met?
Stop and prevent unwanted conversation with a stranger
How do I tell my friend that his behaviour is odd?
How to respond to a flat-earther?
How to Wear Headcovering In Public
How to prompt a stranger for a dance while out with my dancing companion?
Sister in law influences wife
How to handle people stressing me by standing too close in a line (and other similar circumstances)?
Should I have gotten up for my sister?
How do I communicate to a stubborn group that I'm well-intentioned?
Approach a coworker-friend about being nicer to his friends
How to significantly reduce my hairstylist's tip, without upsetting her?
How to politely inform university accommodation housekeeping that their morning chats are waking me up?
How to tell my usual plumber their service isn’t needed any more?
How to bond with my parents when I'm not especially open
Talking to mom about her health state
How to adjust to a new country and its culture when people make you feel like an outsider
How do I convince someone formalities between internet friends aren't necessary over a casual, informal text chat?
How can I drop out of a band without offending the band leader?
How to keep my relationship with my mother intact after moving across country
How to tell a friend I won't pay them for a favor they did for me?
How to tell someone you don't remember an important event that happened?
How can I best let my once-close friend know that I think our friendship is over--if at all?
How do my wife and I get her mother to stop buying stuff for us?
How to convince my sister to talk to our family about her plans (or lack of)?
How do I or my husband tell my mother in law she smells?
How do I approach telling my date that I won't lend her money?
How to persuade a close acquaintance to seek/try out psychotherapy?
How to get to know someone who doesn't use social media frequently?
How do I tell my date that I am very disappointed at his behavior?
Asking an ex-girlfriend out to coffee, now that she's married and has a child
Interested in learning a foreign language and need to practice with natives, how do I not make them feel like I am using them as free tutors?
How would one explain to a friend that even if they're accepted to a University, it's probably not a good idea to attend?
How to politely end old friendships?
How arrange for a private meeting to 'reveal' my suicide attempt to a group of old friends
How to properly reject an intimate suggestion?
How to stop a colleague from talking to me about work when I'm on my lunch break?
Losing interest in girl I date because too slow dating
Aggressive, cursing, unpredictable neighbor causing fear in community
How to get out of another group's interpersonal problems without hurting their feelings
How do I tactfully approach both polyamorous partners to talk about their expectations about the future?
Approach a friend's lack of sleep
How can I convince my boss without knowing every detail?
Comforting a friend who misses a social event for medical reasons
How do I tactfully ask a close friend out?
How do I discuss a previous relationship with my girlfriend?
How can one stop dubious advances of a married former partner without hurting them a lot?
Girlfriend won't let me pay for her. How can I approach the situation?
How do I get someone to call me by the name I prefer?
Balance between caring and clinginess
When should I tell others that I'm divorced/separated?
How to politely notify in an online conversation that I am a woman?
How to gently make non-English speakers aware that their lack of communication makes a multiplayer videogame frustrating for all?
How do I ask for "forgiveness" after asking a good friend's ex out?
How do I tell my parents I don't enjoy their company?
How to/Should I ask a friend about their close relative who died (not recently)?
How do I tell my mother that I'm an atheist?
How to deal with a teacher who bullies me?
Trust issues with live-in girlfriend
How to non-verbally communicate that I am listening?
How to ask an employer to relieve me earlier than my notice period?
How can I stop acquaintances from reposting my photos on social media without credit to me?
How to tell my friend his novel's ending is too predictable but he should keep writing it?
How to communicate feelings and then stop communication with distant girlfriend?
Convincing superstitious people
How to stop dad from telling the same jokes again and again?
What to answer to a compliment when you don't understand the intention
How do I handle strangers who want to "borrow" a cigarette and give nothing in return?
How can I gracefully decline a ride from a friend?
How to convey who will be asked to join my wife and me in the delivery room without causing offense?
How to respond to a friend insulting her own racial group?
How do I deal with two toxic people in my online "ring of friends"?
How to not feel weird when buying girl clothes as a teen boy
How to clarify things with my team members as they think I am delaying projects being a procrastinator?
How to remain gender ambiguous online?
Had coffee with a girl, what now?
How can I find out what surprise my wife wants?
Locking up around workmen
How to deal with someone who is yelling in order to give the impression that they are right?
How to deal with racism in shops and restaurants?
How to politely decline painting requests from co-workers?
How to stop someone in a wheelchair from calling in paramedics for minor accidents?
How can I communicate that failure to follow through on commitments bothers me?
How to act with a grieving person at a party?
How to ask cashier out for date
How to avoid a friend's birthday party?
How should I tell my band-members I'm out?
How do I politely ask my friend for a refund on unused rent?
How to handle two friends talking to me at the same time?
How to deny food in the pool as a lifeguard
How to talk to a girl who's sitting next to me but wearing headphones?
How can I tell my wife that her fears and mistrust are hurting us?
How to determine if someone is busy or just doesn't want to spend time with me?
How to approach friend acting strangely after we decided to move house?
How to tell partner we need boundaries?
How to ask someone not to lie?
How can I politely end a conversation started at a nightclub?
How can I politely ask someone to call me? (As opposed to me calling them)
How to respond to co-worker who suggest you may be gay?
How do I ask my Dad to finance my computer?
How can I stand by my SO when she stresses out in an aggressive way?
How to voice my concerns to a friend with mental health issues?
How to discuss that I have codependent behavior?
how do I get back in touch with my estranged mother?
How do I tell my roommate that he has a smelly feet?
Awkwardly passing someone on a long empty road?
How can I switch a conversation from a language to another?
How should I deal with my friend's anger issues?
Re-Marriage of my father to his ex-Wife A-K-A my step mom
Conversation with a person who is stressed out because of a facial tic
How to get our families and friends to get in better contact with us or cope with the situation
Dad wants me to invite his mother to my wedding. How to push it back?
How to ask a friend to do professional work?
How to convince my friend to let me invite her ex to our birthday party?
How to ask ex to not be too personal
How can I save my friend from tilting?
How can I "chill" about my position on game rules without looking like I'm just "taking my ball and going home"?
Father wants me to give him my work number and I don't want to
Greeting others as someone with clammy hands
Hard to have productive political discussion with significant other
Boyfriend always responds "I didn't mean to" when he gets feedback
I have bad ADHD and Social Anxiety, and I'm consistently annoying to other people despite it consistently yielding bad results. How do I stop?
How do I treat my friends to something without it being awkward?
Flatmate stresses me, how do I deal with him?
How do I deal with persistent and ill-behaved neighborhood children who are always coming over?
How do I politely ask my wife to stop buying shoes?
How can I recover from an accusation of racism at work?
A birthday greeting
How to communicate that offered reward is not quite fair
How to prevent misunderstandings about food with hungry people?
How to convince parents I'm trustworthy?
How to decline giving personal information until you recieved some in return
If I want a child to stop a behavior, should I talk directly to the child or to the parents?
Best way to talk about my doubts with my girlfriend.
How to deal with someone who ignores your lack of knowledge?
How to switch conversation from language to language in peers?
How can I tell someone I don't like the way they speak?
How do you politely tell someone they smell bad?
Polite way to request more "elbow room" in open-plan office?
Secrets spreading via the "don't tell anyone, but..." phenomenon
How to convey to a person that I am not interested in talking to him?
Dreamt of another girl, want to tell my girlfriend, but how without getting smited?
How can I tell my friend her boyfriend is (allegedly) a rapist?
Two friends and their wedlocked affair
How can I alleviate someone's upset feelings when I'm not getting a concept they're explaining?
How to improve my ways when teaching my wife
How do I tell therapist that something is a big issue to me, even though culturally it's not?
How do I tell my significant other that she does not have to support her abusive father?
How to better share personal details with my mum?
How to tactfully acknowledge a woman on Women's Day?
How can I advise my friend to respond to subtle sexism in a professional environment?
How to communicate support to someone who is emotionally disconnected?
Saying not interested to business offers in a group setting
Can my sister convey to her womanizer boss by her body language and general behavior that she is not 'available' for an 'office romance'?
Want to request an ex-boss to be my mentor. Would it be a good thing to do?
Acknowledge someone's presence without encouraging conversation
How to avoid short answers when talking to my family?
Offering to ride along with women when it's dark
How to handle malicious false statements by someone in your peer group
How to react to accidentally calling someone the wrong name
Is it unreasonable to feel uncomfortable when my Girlfriend frequently talks to her ex?
How do I tactfully ask a flight attendant what's going on if I know my plane has a problem?
How do I tell a roommate I'm not renewing his lease?
How to make clear that somebody has to take the first step in asking for money
How to handle my girlfriend's parents' attitude to asking her for money?
Giving a solution when I am the least expected one
How to tactfully ask a housemate to leave
How to convince friends to assist me in telling a friend that we will be continuing with a group activity without him?
How to resolve an argument about to occur in the workplace?
How to politely repel negative suggestive comments about the work morale or atmosphere?
What can I do when classmates don’t stop recording me after I ask them to stop?
How to politely deflect questions about awkward scars?
What is the best way to begin a discussion around a compromise for our wedding location with my fiancée?
How do I answer the question "why are you vegan?" honestly, without making them resent me?
How to help a friend think about the impact of her actions when I am losing my patience?
As a woman, how to avoid angry stares from other people's wives or girlfriends
How do I tell a friend I don't want to play their game anymore, but invite them to mine
How to ask for a wish from a woman?
How to politely inform a friend that you already have a "best friend"?
How to convince people I don't want to attend an event?
How to inform a friend who has anxiety that you don't dislike them
How to let someone know he hurt me without spreading negative feelings
How to decline a polite but insincere request
My fiancée is addicted to a "free-to-play" (pay-to-win) game
My mom won't let me handle my money, what can I say?
How to check the veracity of a rumor about a relationship?
How to tell an overweight person that the hike will be too hard?
Dealing with coworker who is excessively self-deprecating
How to convince a girlfriend I have not been unfaithful
Politeness vs. conciseness in writing emails
How to create a more engaging online conversation with a friend?
Resident landlord set up webcam in front of door
How do I tell someone that something is not my responsibility anymore?
How to get out of being a free taxi for your Mam?
How can I communicate to friends and family that I don't want a specific type of birthday gift?
What's the best way to talk to/meet a woman when you're an introvert who is nerdy/geeky type person?
Communicating my (one-sided) exclusivity without pressuring
Dealing with colleagues who think single women as being always available
I dreamed you did so and so. Why did you do that? - How to react?
How to apologise for how you said something without going back on the content
How to tell my uncle I don’t want to see his turtles at his turtle farm?
Winning too many games at game night - how can I keep it fun for everyone?
How can I respond to well-meaning comments at the gym?
How can I convince my significant other that $1000 per night is too much for a hotel?
How to get along with a parent that has painfully different views & values?
Comforting a gender-fluid partner experiencing dysphoria
Whether to Initiate Contact With Barista
How to deal with people who are aggressive when providing/denying help with problems?
Saying no to frequent but trivial favors
How to convince a family member to stop victimizing themselves?
How can I politely refuse to help classmates with their work?
How to convey interest while someone tries to engage me in small talk?
How to deal with rude interruptions in a seminar?
Wife does not work but wants “own” money/allowance
How can I suggest to someone that he may potentially be colourblind?
How can I convey to someone that the way she communicates is awkward without upsetting her?
How might it be appropriate to ask someone to back up a claim they make in conversation?
How do I talk to a work friend about their constant no-shows for catch-ups?
How can I let my girlfriend know that her insults are hurting my feelings and ask her to stop?
How to use Social Penetration Theory to increase closeness with someone who doesn't normally talk about their feelings
How to aproach the subject of intimacy with an ex?
How to helpfully react to a male coworker's sexual comment about a woman
How to tell friend I won’t go to school for weeks?
Convincing Neighbors to Train Barking Dogs
Is it ok to video a TV reporter without their consent?
How do I avoid meeting an acquaintance that comes to visit every few months?
How to deal with someone who doesn't learn?
how as a third person can I deal with a friend that was in an abusive relationship?
As a PhD student, how can I politely tell Masters students that I don't have time to help them
How can I tell my parents I want to drop out of college?
How do I connect with people over texting?
How to politely tell landlord "you don't have to remind me for rent"
Very moody gf not helping in household
How can I tell a friend that their self-published book needs editing?
What is a good replacement for social contact when giving up smoking?
How can I address a man talking inappropriately about women?
How to act out of concern for safety in group setting with an individual showing aggressive tendencies?
How to recover from being falsely seen as a racist?
What to do when a friend's close relative dies?
How to respond to a person asking for payment after they were non-responsive for 6 months?
Witnessed a woman being abused (groped) in a nightclub
Gift giving avoidance when individual has been avoiding me
How can I give a friend a present I brought her some time after her birthday?
How to shut someone up while being only moderately offensive when they incessantly criticize my house?
How can I tell someone who's in a vulnerable state the truth?
How to get out of family affairs
How can I tactfully convince someone not to repeat something I already know?
How to stop people from looking at my mouth when we're having a conversation?
Get team member to participate in project
How could I talk to a coworker about my feeling of being left out by the team?
How can I help a close person that is toxic seek professional help?
My significant other has stuff from a past relationship that is also part of his work
How can I say I am an outstanding leader without sounding arrogant?
How do I clarify that the gift someone gave me is mine when they are asking for it back?
How do you deal with someone who's pushing you without explaining yourself?
How to ask someone not to use a voice that irritates me?
How can I explain to someone that they are not being bullied, that instead he is bullying?
How can I tell my friend I don't feel comfortable dancing at her wedding?
Politely paying back a loan that turned into a gift?
How to ask for honest opinion of my teammates
How to politely tell someone in a professional setting to stop using lazy English in his e-mails
Methods of resolving highly emotional conflicts
How can I know whether a female house guest is interested in more than a friendly visit?
How to handle people at a nearby table talking too loud?
How to deal with Friends With Strict Parents?
How to establish boundaries with a roommate without confrontation?
How to avoid looking/sounding unfriendly when I don't speak the same language as everyone at work?
What is the current etiquette in the US and UK regarding a man holding doors for female companions?
How to ask a tourist outfitter about their competitor's products
Someone keeps bugging me to come in for a job interview. How to politely decline?
How can I scold my juniors without annoying them?
How to tell a girl she can't "raid" with us due to previous bad performance?
Negotiations on returns
How to refuse politely to play with someone as a streamer
How to deal with a friend who is "throwing" online games
Is it possible to rekindle someone who lost his spark?
Help required for approaching a crush after awkward scenario
How to stop people talking to you while using the bathroom
How to get roommates to speak same language
Ask coworker out on casual retail job
Talking to best friend after a little fight
How to win a game without hurting someone
Reject a close friend interested in dating me?
Should I tell someone exactly what to say?
How to find out whether I should stop and chat with the person that salutes me on the street?
Always put down
Trying to limit toxic relationship with family but keep getting dragged back in
How to tell a trans couple that their overly romantic behaviour makes you uncomfortable, without coming across transphobic?
How avoid a question about women being loyal housewives?
How do I deal with people trying to convince me to wear makeup?
How to get housemates to be quieter when video-chatting?
How to ask someone on a date when dating isn't usual in your culture?
How can I convince my neighbour to stop feeding my cat (I've already asked twice)?
How to make amends for an (unexpected) embarrassing situation?
How to ask something personal to someone you have not seen for a while?
How do I tell someone I recently met that I am in a relationship?
My family is ridiculing me because I didn't graduate university
How to tell a coworker to dress more appropriately for the office
How do I get someone to stop liking/spamming memes?
How can I avoid the awkwardness of a returning player who wears a low-cut shirt?
How can I politely interrupt someone on the phone when I have questions about what they're saying?
Appropriate Birthday Message for Best Friend
How to convince the other party that I'm not going to do "the right thing" as the alternative matters more to me
how do I break up with my girlfriend who has 2 children and emotionally depends on me?
How to tell a colleague to wash?
How do I answer a question about not enjoying a party without revealing sensitive information
How to Approach Friends about Vacation Costs
How do I convince my friends to play a game more competitively?
I have a crush on a coworker but won't act on it, how can I tell my boyfriend about it and that I'll remain faithful?
How to approach someone about possibly not attending an event without offending?
Maintaining honesty while being comforting in response to insecurity about relationship?
How to tactfully refuse outsiders to stay in your home
How do I interact with people who don't understand that I don't want to share personal information
How can I reach a compromise with my girlfriend on sleeping hours?
How do I communicate gracefully to coworkers that they are accidentally misgendering me?
How to clarify questions to professors without seeming condescending?
How to express curiosity politely?
On an argument with a girlfriend; what can I do as a partner that is the best course of action?
Socializing at workplace
How to resolve conflict over differing sources of truth?
How do I become closer with my brother? He feels like a complete stranger
Is it possible to talk politics while knowing little about politics?
Awkward end of conversation
How to explain my friend that my gaming is not interfering with my life and I enjoy it?
How can I transition a conversation about Taylor ham, with a girl, into other topics
How to distance yourself from someone that is growing overly attached
How to approach talking to a group of girls as a guy without being awkward?
How can I give out my telephone number to my neighbors without implying anything?
How can I be more persuasive when assuring people that I am perfectly fine and healthy?
Etiquette question regarding conveying enthusiasm in email communications - used in academic settings
How to reinitiate conversations online with stranger taking long to answer my mail
How to politely deal with white people wanting to talk to me about racism/race issues
How to deal with depression privately and how to let my family know about it?
How to approach discussion with wife about a possible "emotional affair"
How can I tactfully ask someone to reread an email?
How to minimize embarrassment when I ask a question but they nod and smile?
How can I tactfully approach not wanting to read someone's unpublished/self-published book?
How to tell driving instructor that I want to change instructors?
How can I take issue with inappropriate statements without offending people?
How do I encourage/nudge people to critically analyze my arguments in a discussion?
How to avoid sitting with friends during an exam
How do I tell my best friend that her brother sexually harassed me and that I don't want to hang out with her when he's around anymore?
Ex-girlfriend is obsessing about me, how to stop the madness?
How can I decline an invitation from someone who is only asking because she feels sorry for me?
How to politely deal with smoking, within range of my window, in a block of flats?
How to tell if you're being too clingy or inviting yourself unnecessarily?
How do I politely indicate that I want to go home?
How do I follow through after setting a boundary for a friend who throws loud parties at my place?
How can I tactfully refuse to switch seats on flights?
How do you know if you're worthy of friendship?
How to let someone know you can't talk about a subject on the phone because someone can overhear?
How do I tell a relative that I don't want them to spend their vacations in my house
How do I talk to my partner about them going to the doctor?
How can I tactfully tell my ex-superior that I don't owe him anything?
How to introduce a serious/difficult discussion in a first time phone call?
How to be there for my Dad when facing bad news?
How to deal with moody friend?
How To Respond to Rude Cashier?
Trying to reconnect with childhood friend
Friend wants rare vinyl record collection back after 7 years
How can I reintroduce myself in an email to someone I met a year ago without risking offending them?
How do I get people to stop excessively calling me on the phone without alienating them
What is the etiquette for responding to "Don't worry about it" with something you are sorry about
Is there a Russian etiquette on declining offers of food when visiting someone?
How to talk to family member about their spending?
Rebuffing a former friend's (now a convicted criminal) attempts to restore friendship
How do I politely decline a request for a contract marriage?
How to be firm on what I need without causing offense?
How to make getting to know someone less artificial?
How can I politely find out the gender of a potential roommate via email?
How can I improve my teacher-student relationship with a professor that ignores me?
Establishing expectations with my parents about visiting after I give birth
How to reply to "Drive/Travel Safe"?
How do I handle unsuitable requests for endorsement of jobs/internships applicants?
Friend is having a hard time, but resists emotional support
What’s the best way to decline sharing my WiFi network with neighbours?
How to ask if people are gambling for "real money" with leaving possibility not to join?
How to deal with people ganging up on me when they have complaints?
How to gently tell people NOT to use a nickname for me
How do I tell my roommate that I feel treated unfairly by their SO?
How do I approach telling someone that they are not invited to an event that I am having?
How to hide panic attacks?
How can I question someone without being offensive?
In non-violent communication, what to do when "I feel..." statements fail?
How to respond to a family member wanting to commit suicide after their partner has committed suicide?
How to advise someone that I've thrown away a project they were helping me with, without offending them?
How to deal with my boyfriend’s mother without affecting my relationship with him?
Are there any ways to avoid unwanted approaches when not wearing a wedding ring?
How can I ask (or determine) if someone on the phone is human without offending them?
How to ask a landlord to install air conditioning?
How to tell whether someone would like to have my painting, without imposing a gift on them?
How to ask a co-worker to sneeze into their elbow?
How can I ask if something's free, without looking stingy?
How to coach underperforming, anxious coworker in an IT position?
How can I tactfully ask a stranger to cover mouth when coughing?
Dealing with long-time friends that only reach out when they need something from me?
How to ask roommates not to use so much of common spaces for personal meetings
How to effectively give out a last warning?
How to politely ask someone why they didn't say hi back?
How to make an adult aware that commenting on their rude behaviour is not necessarily bullying?
How do I correct the grammar of another person if they claim to be speaking my language for practice?
How do I approach maintaining a friendship with someone I used to date, who now has a significant other?
How can I be more convincing when it comes to my words?
How to deal with strong political disagreements with my sensitive girlfriend?
A group of friends did something wrong, how to tell them without exaggerating, but still defending my position?
How to peacefuly deal with a loud religious group
How to get my stuff back from my ex-girlfriend?
Deal with noisy people in a classroom in absence of adult supervision
How do I tell a woman that her pants have a menstruation stain?
How to convince a founder it's time to let go of their "power?"
How to best approach sibling about showering & brush teeth at an earlier time, or elsewhere in Jack & Jill setting as to not wake me up?
How to tell someone to be quiet immediately while listening to an announcement?
How To Have Better Outcome After Speaking on the Phone
How to make friends in an online math community (AoPS)
How do I ask classmates to stop asking me to hang out?
I'm worried my neighbour drinks alcohol while driving, should I confront him?
How to interact with a senior colleague who does not reply to my greetings?
How to deal with disruptive people in the cinema
How to ask somone to remove a picture from social media that you look bad in
What are the effects of using a verbal tic in informal speech?
How to respond to "What happened to your face?"
How do I convince my Mom I’m not inviting my brother to someone else’s bachelor party?
How to maximise the chance an ex will return money I leant her
How can I ask a friend what his address is without raising suspicion about a gift I'll send them?
How to contact to partner after breakup who does not want to talk
Gentle way of asking for feedback after the first casual date?
Bringing up concerns when it's hard to address them in the moment
Politely requesting the office lights remain on?
Was it inappropriate for me to wear a qipao as a formal dress?
How to deal with intimidating people?
How can I encourage discussion of sensitive topics with my girlfriend?
How to convince my girlfriend to be open about the discussion of political topics
How to politely tell a friend that I want to hang out with her, but not invite others?
How can I accommodate my in-laws in a hotel without making them feel uncomfortable about me paying for the room?
How to convey seriousness in conditions when giving money to brother
How to tactfully refuse to provide academic help?
How to get out of visiting family as often without any hard feelings?
How do I deal with people being overly forward on the bus?
Asking landlord to stop letting himself in the house
How to stop a friend from being "touchy-feely" towards me?
How to kill off my DnD character, without upsetting the Dungeon Master who has invested time into creating his backstory?
How do I respond to someone apologizing for coughing/yawning?
How to start/keep conversations in professional conferences?
How can I make it clear that I do not mind doing the other thing after a discussion?
How to influence a friend to stop escalating conflicts?
Dealing with friends are attempting to recruit me for a job
Is reflective listening appropriate for text messages? Is there a better alternative?
My mother does not approve of my boyfriend and she is not getting past it
How to tell my GF I'm willing to listen her, but leaving her the option to say no?
How can I politely inform my grandmother that I cannot provide my mother's contact information
How to say hello without asking "how are you going?"
How to ask why I was not included without causing a scene?
Co-worker is too aggressively trying to make friends
How to get rid of an unwanted gift from in-laws without hurting feelings?
How do I react when a girl says she is wearing something and wants you to look but you don't want to be weird
Responding to inappropriate personal questions at an interview?
How to tactfully encourage my girlfriend to support the value of men when with friends who make misandristic comments?
etiquette in dealing with long cold war
Tact and Diplomacy when speaking about religious beliefs
How can I tactfully on a conflict-avoidance way, inform memorably a group of feminists some of their arguments affect our community because misandry?
How do I steer the conversation with my Mom away from the same few topics we always discuss?
How to suggest to friend that he should clean up after himself in another's home
Can I quote a private message in a public post?
How do I effectively explain to my colleagues that they should wish me a happy birthday on a different date?
How to tell colleague she is mumbling?
Unsure of how to handle upcoming high school reunion after being collectively ghosted
When is it rude to speak a language that other people around do not understand?
How do I make my friend feel that I care for her?
How can I tactfully ask doctors if their equipment have been cleaned?
How to bring back the old friendships, after I could not keep in touch with friends for a few years?
How can I be more assertive when telling my family that I don't want to marry?
How to respond to "empty compliments" after many years of playing along?
How to politely say 'I have a prior appointment' to a friend inviting me to a meaningful event, without going into details?
How do I ask for an espresso if there's a good chance they don't know how to make it?
my facebook-addicted friend is ghosting me
How to ask people not to send me voicemails via text messaging apps
Is it passive agressive to just write "ok" after an deleted message?
Politely rejecting unwanted attention at a nightclub.
How to enforce a "No Shoes" policy in my apartment?
How to deal with my ex who told me to never talk to him again but still texts me?
How can I cancel an appointment politely?
How do I talk to my friend without offending her?
How could I convince women that I'm not trying to flirt with them but that I just want them to join a friendship group?
How can I effectively tell people that their defensiveness over me bringing up an issue is part of the issue?
How to make clear that I'm not being passive-aggressive and that accusing me of that is hurtful
How can I politely ask a person why they did something, without coming across as being angry or expecting an apology?
How to help a friend who has faced several personal, related problems in a short timespan
How can I tactfully refuse to let someone cut in line?
Not having to explain my reasons for wanting to keep my last name
How can I explain to my parents my decision to live in co-ed housing next year?
How to politely notify someone that they are not using proper car safety (possibly against the law)?
How do I prevent people from thinking my deformity disables me?
How to 'be heard' when discussing problems within a relationship
How to deal with clingy mother pushing me to use social media?
How to politely inform others that I don't drink?
How to deal with a boyfriend's coworker that make you jealous?
Communicating with someone who has stern and intense facial expressions
How to ask a parent to help with something they disagree with fundamentally?
How to inform my parents that I didn't like their less than desireable response to my good news?
How to tell my professor that I don't understand the class and that I want office hours?
What kind of birthday gift is appropriate for a recent friend?
How to address a someone who is constantly offended on my behalf
How should I ask a roommate who's planning to move out before their lease is up to continue paying their portion of the utilities?
How to ask my old boss who started his own company for a job
How should I construct an inquiry to clarify dubious comment about my appearance?
How can I deal with my toxic mother?
Declining helping with a (personal) project
How can I tell my roommates I don't want to live with them anymore
How can I have a relationship with my mother when I stand in moral opposition to what she believes?
Is it a bad idea to tell people that I could be a manipulative jerk if I wanted to?
How to quickly remove yourself from a homophobic conversation?
How do I tactfully defuse a wrathful person unpacking anger on weaker target?
How can I tactfully interrupt a customer service representative over the phone?
Requesting someone to give up their seat to me on public transport if I have an invisible disability?
How can I extend an olive branch, but also reinforce that another's behavior is not okay?
How to politely renege on an offer for a room?
How to confess severe mistakes to family?
Appropriate response when someone announces pregnancy?
How to avoid lack of respect due to perceived youth / lack of experience
Bad work results from voluntary co-worker
How to discuss girlfriend's weight loss plans?
How can I explain something to someone who doesn't want to hear it?
Is it rude to wear headphones around the office?
How to introduce metamours without causing awkwardness?
Should I always keep calm no matter how others violate me?
How to "Read a room" and quickly perform an assessment of the mood, group dynamics or tension?
Is using profanity only around some people considered two faced?
Getting yelled at by (adult) roommate
How to deal with brother-in-law drinking and smoking way too much?
In a polyamorous relationship, how to go about telling "I love you" to new partner?
How do I make my criticism constructive?
How can I convey that i am interested in other job descriptions without making me sound disinterested in a particular one?
What is the "Interpersonal Theory of Depression"?
How to interpret another couple's 'farewell ritual'?
How can I say I want to be left alone without having to explain myself or lie about it?
How do you greet people you barely know?
How can I deny a request from the mother of my girlfriend to tag along on our road trip?
How to make my mum stop making disparaging comments about my appearance?
Is it impolite to exchange a dialogue via text in a professional environment?
How can I wait in line for the bathroom without crowding people as they exit?
How to communicate to a new coworker that I am not comfortable being touched?
How to imply that the gift is meant for the two of us
Merging a chore schedule
How to answer why I didn't join a party, I was not invited to?
How to explain that hanging-out like before is difficult because of university obligations
How can I convey my sympathy to friends who have recently told me they can't have children while avoiding hurting them?
How can we tell people to stop suggesting adoption?
Telling mother about miscarriage
How do I deal with my girlfriends anxiety affecting my relationship with my friends
How to discuss why someone suddenly made plans without me?
How to know whether or not to say hi to someone?
How do I convince my father to use his cell phone?
A stranger keeps calling and is confused that my phone number is his friend's old phone number
How to politely request we don't eat out for lunch on my first day at new job?
Friend of a friend trying to coerce me to quit smoking
Help my mother to understand my choice when it comes to having children
How can I set emotional boundaries with a friend who is going through a difficult time without leaving them feeling abandoned
How to shut down regionalist remarks from coworkers and friends without being rude?
How to rebuff probing questions when introducing my girlfriend to acquaintances as a friend?
What is the proper etiquette for making ones presence known non-verbally?
Discussing misuse of my partner's pronouns with their best friend?
How to ask coworker to go slower so I can learn how to do it
Does over smiling falls under girlish in India?
How can I decline someone's business card with tact?
How can I avoid coming across as condescending when telling a coworker I can't work on an issue right now?
How to tell a person who is interested in me that a relationship is not an option?
How to handle unexpected expenses during a road trip?
How do I effectively convey my inability to attend an event?
How do I tell line jumpers that I was waiting in line?
How can I amicably end a friendship with a needy friend?
Dementia: How to cut off useless advice to a caregiver from well meaning people?
How to mend relations with someone I realize I have been mean to for four years?
How to handle the person touching repeatedly after multiple warnings?
Etiquette for a person who has already queued once
How to handle a partner trying to control whom I follow on instagram?
Long-Term Relationship and 'a specific hobby'
Relationship with alcoholic cross country?
How do I tactfully refuse to donate money?
Do I say 'You're Welcome' to a thank you message that would normally not require an answer?
Right way to ask a colleague not to slam the door
How can I ask my supervisor to be more helpful?
How do I prevent awkwardness between a former romantic interest and myself?
How to tell my girlfriend, my friends and relatives that I might have alexithymia, without making it sound like an excuse?
How to approach daycare provider about reduced days?
How do I stop prompting a co-worker to go to lunch?
Coping with different spending philosophies in a marriage
How to politely ask someone where they got the stated information from?
What's the proper etiquette to be relocated from table at a restaurant?
How to convince father to accept decision without holding a grudge later on?
How to deal with a friend mocking my family?
How to tell boss about pregnancy?
How to apologize to a friend who blocked me?
How to deal with situations where Asian girls don't like me (Asian male) but want to talk with White guy I'm with?
How to avoid participating in a team-building trip without causing bad feelings for coworkers?
Can somebody give me some advice on this long distance relationship?
How can I politely get the attention of a coworker who is listening to music?
How to introduce yourself to a friend of a friend?
How can I tell people not to take clippings in my community garden plots?
How to avoid explaining science to strangers
How to talk about limits/boundaries with regards to BDSM requests from my girlfriend?
How do I avoid giving off "creepy" vibes in a group exercise class?
How to endure a long trip with a friend I've drifted apart from?
How to stop classmate from bullying me
How to avoid same demands over and over again from landlady
How to tell neighbour: "no problem, but you should not do it again"
How can I better moderate my speaking volume in conference calls?
Resolving a conflict resulting from a disagreement of how a situation was handled
Asking people to step up in a volunteer organization
How do I convince my boss to stop spreading hoaxes all the time?
Requesting time off to attend a Pride event
How to answer on question about hobby which is not something I like?
How to decline a help request (which suggests that I must do all his job)
How to politely communicate to a friend I don't want to host him at my place any more?
How to get out of a dysfunctional living situation with irregular circumstances?
Procedure/Etiquette for No-Call No-Show Coworker
How to politely ask a coworker not to disturb me when I have headphones on
How can I check the time on my smartphone without looking self-important?
Boyfriend anger expression issues - "If I can't have it, you can't either"
How to inconspicuously distance myself from an unwanted friendship at work
Keeping a potential music teacher a possibility for future learning?
How can I tell someone that I am glad to be leaving them without sounding petty?
How can I tell someone that possibly unwanted body skin is showing?
I'm 24 with a 4-year-old son. How to handle uncomfortable questions from people?
How do I nicely tell a colleague to start listening
How to be a good host of a party?
How can I tell if family members consider my unvaccinated kids a threat?
How can I let people know that I don't want to be touched?
How to politely turn down roommate offer for awkward reason
How can I have a conversation with my wife to be ensured of her faithfulness?
I sent an email about an urgent message, but want to call instead. How to correct?
How do I avoid strange questions because of a flag?
How can I explain to a parent that my decision to not have children isn't an accusation that they've been bad parents to me?
How can I play the devil's advocate in politics without being attacked?
How can I enforce a mutually agreed upon boundary set with my friend?
Elevator awkwardness, collegue makes self deprecating comment
Does the way that someone signs an email change how I should address them?
How to avoid endless corporate evening pubs but still have nice relationship with the colleagues?
Grocery store line etiquette
How to handle accidential baldness in a professional environment?
I'm literal; how can I understand what is meant?
How to politely pay back money?
What's a good strategy to handle not wanting to talk much during a road trip?
Engage wife in comforting son
How do I convince my parents that I'm doing my best in class?
How to discuss bad communication with team leader?
How to avoid being played by a coworker?
How can I tactfully ask someone to wash their hands when going to the bathroom?
Appropriate wait time before re-sending RSVP request?
How to inform guests when you don't have enough food for everyone?
How can I tell my girlfriend to deal with her anxiety?
Responding to people questioning my single status?
Can I make a plus one I didn't invite feel welcome while still being honest?
How to suggest someone to find a hobby without offending them?
How to stop partner talking?
How can I handle my father challenging everything I say?
How to respond to "Where are you?" as the only question
How can I reassure others that I'm not offended by their teasing?
What questions should I ask in a Truth or Dare game?
How to appreciate someone who is showing interest towards me?
Personal Space, Boundaries and a "Hands Off" policy
How to nudge girlfriend to find something meaningful during her summer holidays?
How can I ask my girlfriend to split gas money for a long trip?
How can I ask a guest to order within my budget at a restaurant?
Duties of a "Plus One"
Why do people cross their arms when I talk?
How to set personal hygiene standards with my boyfriend?
How do I ask my friends to be more self-sufficient?
Childhood friend wants to get a "best friends" tattoo but I do not think it is a good idea
How do I politely convince my elders that the external-knowledge tools of my generation are respectable?
Strange interactions with a relative/coworker preemptively deflecting blame
How can I convince a doctor to wash her hands, and not just use hand sanitizer?
What can someone with introversion and/or social anxiety do to maximise the benefits of attending networking events?
How can I tell my mom that I found more beer in my brother's room while I was snooping?
Consoling a close relative post-break-up
How to talk to a friend claiming to go on a rampage?
Is there something that screams 'virgin' about me?
How do I politely tell someone I don't want them to meet a friend with me?
How to be friends with a man, but not with his wife
How to deal with discussions about finances with SO without it escalating?
Saying "No" to my brother's demand without causing an argument
How to react to a conversation where a friend is indirectly revealed as trans/fluid
How to tell my boss about his lack of hygiene
How to deal with a coworker who constantly double check all I say?
How to politely reject a rude advice giver at the gym that won't take it well anyways
How to throw out the group mentor in a proper way?
Relationship - dealing with different views about spending money (who should pay for what)
How can a girl maintain friendship with guys after they're married?
While in a bad mood, how to tell others I should be left alone?
How can I get interested in other people?
How do I tell my parents I won't be able to help them?
How to tell my team that they are doing their work in the wrong / poor way?
Is it rude to ask professors age?
How to add emotion to your conversation?
How to establish boundaries with parent who is always negative
How to ask a casual acquaintance for phone number without being awkward?
How do I make amends with someone I was unfairly upset with?
How do I respond to a former co-worker asking for help with his resume?
How to tell a student in same school I want to get to know him?
How to phase someone out of my life
Close relative refuses to acknowledge being deeply in debt
How can I convey to my technologically inept parents that my IT job is mentally draining
How to appear more relaxed and less reserved during job interviews?
What is the typical expectation for a gift to a male neighbour on his 60th birthday?
How to clearly understand and be understood by a friend who speaks English as a second language
My mother taunt me everytime she wants oppose my opinion
How to stop being invited to girlfriend's family vacations?
How can I invite my daughter's friends over without being odd?
Issue an apology over inappropriate email
How to keep passengers off the phone
How do I tell my close friend that I don't need the advice he gives me? He always patronizes in every conversation!
How do I tell between compliments and 'ball' jokes while juggling?
How do I explain to extended family/acquaintances that my husband has high-functioning Autism, and has particular habits?
How can I decline an invitation and then go without them?
How do I respond to "you're welcome" when I didn't say "thank you"?
How can I help my partner learn to have deeper conversations?
How can I tell my closest online friend that I'm actually male?
How to frame a big favor?
How to deal with someone who is critical of my perceived lack of work?
Asking guys to quit shouting in a bar
Confronting girlfriend about sending me conversations with other guys
How to refuse an invitation without offending good friends?
Re-establishing friendship long after fight
How to respond to a stranger's compliments on my themed t-shirt when I am unfamiliar with the theme?
How to manage people's reactions when someone is potentially dying of an overdose?
How to tell a lady that she is doing wrong by inviting/feeding street dogs?
How can I ensure people know 'What happens on the pitch stays on the pitch"
How to ask a girl for a relationship
Dealing with people who do not see things that happened in the past as 'Past is Past'
How to end a work conversation on the phone?
How do I stay friends with two people who are angry at one another?
How to interact with people who are indifferent to information security?
Asking a romantic interest about her relationship status
How do I deal with accents and my audio processing issues without annoying people?
How to not be a part of self centered conversations?
How can I diplomatically ask my neighbor to move his/her patio off my garage wall to stop damp
How do I cope with a girlfriend who got feelings for another person but is not in love with?
My boyfriend thinks we are in contact too much but I don't and I don't know how to express this to him without upsetting/annoying him
Girlfriend feels she distracts me with her texts, any good way to prove otherwise?
How do I tell my friends that I want to be included in activities beyond our gaming sessions without alienating them?
How do I protest my child's suspension without "poisoning the well"?
How to approach a person that has stood me up several times?
How to handle a social media response that is factually wrong
Is it too intrusive to ask about a customer's success with a product?
How can I resolve a conflict between two people who want to avoid causing any inconvenience, when this is inevitable?
Parents found out I'd bought herbal cigarettes. How could I have parents regain trust in me?
How do I apologize to a successful friend for feeling bad about their success?
I'm in a committed relationship and I'm being hit on in the workplace - how do I stop it without bringing it to HR?
How can I disprove a statement that self-validates when I try to disprove it?
How do you ask friends to visit a dispensary without looking like a junkie?
How to approach a friend about depression?
How do I make friends in high school, a place where people casually swear a lot, when I'm easily offended?
How to handle wife wanting inheritance when I have none
How to handle an appearance-obsessed sister-in-law?
How to get coworkers to stop asking me questions about my personal life?
How to ask my SO if they are ok with me paying for their flight?
How can I tell my friend to stop telling me so many details on a subject?
How to maintain healthy conversation with a partner long term
How to address a detail of an idea without appearing to shoot it down?
What to say to steer passive-aggressive narcissist parent(s) away from saying guilt-tripping statements to me or other people?
What are some good strategies for interrupting coworkers with more important information?
How can I properly express my true academic and career ambitions to my father?
How to tell employees that I don't mean my insults seriously?
How can I properly refuse my mother's help?
How should I approach the subject of offering to clean a relative's home for them?
How can I ask a new date to not smoke around me?
Motivate Highschoolers in my Tech Startup
How to dispel the awkwardness after getting promotion and now managing my peer who vied for the same job?
How should I present the idea of doing repairs and minor renovations to my landlord?
Work supervisor expects platitudes in response to his pleasantries, even when I'm miserable
Frequently rebuffed when trying to initiate or join a conversation
How to handle girlfriends past / social media usage?
How can I ask my husband about his work progress without him becoming defensive?
How to have dinner without romance involved
How do I politely decline a lunch invitation from a friend's family?
How to ask about someone's gender?
How to get across to flatmates the reason behind not wanting to live with them again?
Responding to self deprecating jokes I can't relate to
How to avoid time managemet conflicts with my partner?
How do I tell my sisters not to befriend a toxic friend?
Same Gender Friends-with-Benefits
How do I recover from my loss of voice\confidence after being put on spot?
How to let acquaintances know I'm not interested in them romantically
How should I approach a situation were I said something wrong and somebody else reported it?
How to talk to a one night stand about her potential breast lumps issues?
How can I get my mom to accept me being introverted?
How do I tell a love interest I'm probably too old for her?
How to respond when people ask for treat (or party) but doesn't really want it?
How can I safely talk with my sister about her health?
How to signal unavailability for a romantic or sexual relationship without elaborating on relationship status or personally rejecting someone?
How to apologise for not recognising someone
How to explain that we are not comfortable with a new boyfriend staying at our house?
How to tell someone to remove his plagiarism
How can I request something in writing, if the other person resists with "Don't you trust me?"?
How to stop friends from coming in my holiday house?
Asking a girl you love (without being rude) to be your girlfriend when you're married
How to convince my wife that my best friend and I are just friends?
How to respond to a gossiping friend?
How to switch conversations in mother tongue/native language to English at office
As a student, how can I negotiate appropriate sleeping arrangements with strangers for an academic conference?
How to tell my roommates that I want to move out ASAP when they say they rely on my rent?
Friend owes me money - not giving it back
How can a girl ask a heavily tattooed, tall man who jumped the line, to get in line?
How can I handle a co-worker awkwardly forcing herself into conversations?
Should I tell potential business partners that I am working on other projects as well?
How to tell my SO I am ashamed of people seeing us together
Talking to boyfriend about his close female friends
How to set boundaries to a younger sister who wants to live in my house?
How to respond to "I can't do anything without my morning coffee"
How to be friendly with new team members
How to approach a narcissist parent about their unkind and unreasonable treatment of a sibling?
Roommate Upset I Woke Him Up
Grandpa has dementia, how to include him in conversation?
How to tell family Dr I am content helping my dad who has multiple health issues
How/whether to let people know I don't like receiving flowers?
How do I handle being seated at an unacceptable table at busy restaurant?
How to get to know a service staff without interrupting her work?
How to get my wife to remember to say "please"
How can I tactfully discuss the intentions of an online acquaintance before meeting?
Do people really care about handshakes? Is there statistics on it?
How to Handle Judgmental Sibling
How to tell an artist friend that their art has been getting worse if they think otherwise
How can I explain to a friend's child that I don't like sleepovers without parents?
How to ask my local baker if he is always selling freshly baked bread
How to ask a store clerk to leave you alone without being rude?
How can I try to get my coworkers to stop their jokes on LGBTQ+ people
How to tell a classmate I don’t want to give him a contact for an internship?
How to find out if my text messages are appreciated?
Helping a 26 years old friend who has never dated anyone
How can I tactfully become a passive Member?
How do I help my girlfriend open up?
How do I deal with coworkers messing with me because of my shyness?
On a date, if I give a woman flowers, what does she do with them?
How to Approach Platonic Crush?
How to deal with my girlfriend closing up when we have a problem?
How to reject a friend who comes only when he needs help without being rude
How to handle being accosted by shop staff when walking past store?
I slapped my 8 year old cousin. What was a better way to handle the situation?
How to make my friend realize he is a toxic person and he really has to change?
Neighbor unhappy with the fact I asked his kids to return our toys
How to give constructive feedback to a restaurant owner when they ask after a meal?
How to negotiate with landlady in a shared home who flat out says "no"?
How to ask a friend to stop lying?
Polite way to ask how to pronounce name with sounds outside local language?
How to tactfully turn down demands from a demanding friend?
How can I talk to my brother about spanking his child?
How to tell girlfriend that I don't like hypothetical and silly questions?
Request for a telephone interview
How can I tell my parents I'd like to help them financially after getting a very well paid job?
How to ask a coworker if (and why) they don't like me?
What is the etiquette about how/when to Stop Conversation with other matches when dating online?
How to cope with a partner having different opinions and way of thinking in arguments
Friend asking for a job referral but doesn't have the skills
What to do about parent suspecting another of a crime?
How do I handle staying at friend's apartment in which the bathroom offers insufficient privacy?
How to tell someone you don't trust that you are going to stick with written communication
I don't know what to talk about with people that are not my close friends
How do I respond to someone saying "thanks for waiting" after a long wait I wasn't okay with?
How to deal with a person that's not able to argue based on facts
How to make people understand that I am working in a part of my vast domain
Friend keeps gifting exipred items. How to politely bring it up?
How can I make my parents (and parents-in-law) accept that I don't want to have children?
How to let go of a relationship without offending the other person?
How do I reject helping my neighbour who constantly asks me for little favours?
How do I tactfully ask for my hotel room to be cleaned more thoroughly?
How can I encouragingly critique my budding photography friend?
How do I distance myself from a coworker/friend?
I offered to help neighbor, how to discuss compensation?
Should I try to react to behind-the-back insults in my partner's minority outreach program?
Making brand new friends without coming across as needy
How can I communicate that I am getting frustrated when people tell me their problems?
My boyfriend has issues with his parents, how do I support him without ending up in his parents bad books?
Getting along with group of friends after quitting smoking hookah?
Is it fair or appropriate to travel with single members of the opposite sex?
Encouraging bystanders to step up
How do I get a friend's attention in a polite way when they're wearing headphones?
How to develop friendship without money?
Is adding “let me know if anything is unclear” to an e-mail really necessary or is it redundant?
How to politely ask a coworker to turn down the volume on their notifications?
How to avoid conflict refusing to honor kid naming traditions
How to handle situations which demands odd behavior
Letting roommates know I put up with them more than they put up with me
How to communicate to my girlfriend that I'd like to talk more without coming across as desperate, needy, or clingy
How to ask the girl I am dating if she likes me?
How to inform someone that you stumbled upon private information publicly available on their personal site?
How to ask my boyfriend's family if it bothers them that I'm coming along
How to address colleagues to stop talking about politics?
How can my wife have her cake if I won't eat it too?
How to greet someone in a long corridor
My mother and girlfriend hates each other. What can I do?
Etiquette of sharing food at workplace?
I got a job, how should I pay for my girlfriend?
What should I do to maintain a long-distance relationship?
Deal with an introvert person
Giving notice via the phone
How to interact with someone whose close friend group seems to dislike you?
How to talk to my brother-in-law about my concerns about his intent to propose to his girlfriend?
Offering free food to random people as a kind gesture, without being condescending or strange
How do I motivate my partner to study a certain field?
Addressing arrogant attitude from a coworker as a teamleader
Neighbours yelled at my wife for "telling their kids off"
Household chores in long distance relationship
Disproving false beliefs of an acquaintance which may be dangerous or affect our relationships
Reclaiming my desk fan when the office I lent it to is also really hot
How to handle dissatisfaction with not sharing problems
Using my own training plan without upsetting stubborn trainer
Managing and motivating a collaborator
Complimenting a female co-worker without coming across as flirting?
How to deal with someone who always feels treated disrespectfully?
How to deal with an employer who doesn't know what he wants
My boss is a micromanager and I resent him, maybe even hate him
How to help a friend through a rough breakup when his actions are testing the limits of my patience?
Attending the 9/11 Memorial next month - how to interact with families that lost loved ones?
How to deal with someone who belittles you in social situations
How to ask if I can use a rewards/points card at a paid lunch?
My girlfriend wants me to parent her?
How do I help my girlfriend defend herself against manipulative parents?
How to help/advise a separated couple find an agreeable solution that does the least harm to their child during their turmoil?
How to talk to friend about changing his behaviour towards his girlfriend?
How do I make it known to a group of friends that I need a little more patience to communicate with?
How to tactfully communicate with ex-boyfriend about my personal choices?
Is it acceptable to violate table manners in public due to my disability?
How to approach a random person that appears to be interested in you?
How do I bring up one-sided sex to my sexually inexperienced girlfriend without pressuring her into anything?
Dealing with small crimes as a volunteer
Relationship with a friend's ex-girlfriend
How do I help someone that has really low self esteem and gets crippled by failure?
How can I decline to help my teacher with their personal IT problem?
How do I send money as wedding gift
How to decline eating food at a restaurant?
How to continue a friendship after my friend told me she's jealous of me?
How to talk to someone about work after their significant other passed away
Dealing with freedom problems with SO
How to talk about my comfortable lifestyle without sounding like I'm bragging?
How to press to receive updates without sounding obnoxious?
How do I politely turn down a costume party invitation because I am too embarrassed to wear a costume?
How do I help break the ice between Alice and Bob after past drama?
How to express worries about lifestyle without being perceived as denigrating?
How to ask estate agents to postpone property visit?
(ex)friend scammed me and is trying to discredit me in group of friends. How can I proactivley let them know what happened?
How to answer a technical question without sounding patronizing
Dining etiquette
How (not?) to talk with moms
How to improve a relationship with my mother?
How to establish boundaries in a friendship when the friend does not understand, while preserving mutual friend group
How to encourage my significant other to enter a competition?
How to initiate discussions with partner involving previous infidelity?
How do I inform my neighbor about not cutting grass on my side of the lawn?
How should I talk to my neighbors about using leaf blowers?
Giving a lot of money to someone as a donation
How to act more politely despite of beng mixed up?
How to tell my wife about a (possibly romantic) relationship with another woman?
How do I convince my sister that her boyfriend who helped her a lot is not good as a life partner?
Etiquette when riding a taxi in Germany?
Responding to people who assume that I know certain things because of my dressing
How can I steer my depressed / low self esteem friend away from belittling herself on unrelated topics
How rude is "ladies first rule" in USA?
How to address fallout from my meltdowns and to avoid ruining social relationships
Helping a friend who will likely die without help, but refuses help?
How to talk to my sister about not spending as much time with her?
How can I let my team leader know she is appreciated
Roommate says she won't/can't take out trash. How to ask for compensation?
Ask a girl whether she would like to come back to a hotel with me on a night out without being creepy
How can I convey to my dad that I like that he buys me things, but sometimes they are just not my taste?
Breaking up well
How do I get a second opinion without offending my longtime dentist?
Friendly co worker suddenly distant/rude because of different views
How can I get across "Stop making fun of the way I talk!"
Handling surprise birthday which is not a surprise anymore
Politely replying to a friend to not have a conversation about past incidents
How do I help my girlfriend get out of this dangerous situation with her parents?
Politely recommend budget help to a friend who owes me money?
What to tell family who ask about a friend I had a falling out with?
How to recommend meditation to someone with anxiety?
How can I prevent people from touching my laptop screen with their finger?
How to help my friend accept criticism?
How to convince my band members to play different songs?
How to tell students to not ask questions
How can I (an introvert) convey to extroverts that I need time to rest/recover after talking?
How to argue with father who denies everything and makes illogical arguments?
Asking out an intern at close of internship
How to convey (non-awkwardly) that its my birthday?
How can I talk with my friend about her burn out problems when I disagree with some things she says?
How can an English teacher tell their student that the student is dyslexic?
How to use emojis of different skin tone in Slack's reactions?
How can I ask a stranger who I'd be living with if he believes in weird things?
Asking family members to respect my space
How can I encourage my boyfriend to stand up to his friends?
Declining to do exercises I think are unsafe without making a scene
How can I make my girlfriend not to get fixated on false facts and listen for reasons?
How can I talk to my friend about reciprocal sharing?
How can I politely reject someone's advances?
My new landlord tends to stay up late and make a bit of noise, my sleep is suffering
How can I help a close friend get over me?
How to express my concerns to a potential new landlord?
I think my mother is seducing me. How can I ask her about it?
How do I politely say no to a stranger asking to use my phone to make a personal call?
How can I deal with a discrepancy in financial situations between friends/family and myself?
How to deal with friends finding out I self-harm(ed)?
What is a language that Swedes will prefer to use with Copenhagen hostel personnel?
How can I ask my wife to share more of our responsibilities?
How do I help someone to be ready for a relationship and overcome his fears?
How do you get someone's honest opinion about your cooking?
How to stop my friend's insane phone addiction
Covering for person who refuses to tip waiter without offending?
Is it OK to engage in strangers' conversation during a break in a lecture?
How to deal with friends or acquaintances requests to do their big idea projects?
My friend doesn't want to spend time with me
How can I deal with a rude classmate?
How to tell a professor that I don't mind if he is busy?
How to clarify to a person that I don't want her to talk to me about a certain topic anymore?
How to turn down unsolicited advice at the gym?
How do I deal with Americans who are trying to force me into tipping?
How to ask for dating advice?
How to address a double standard where my religious colleagues consider it OK to discuss religion, but then ask me not to?
How can I express disagreement to my boss without him feeling insulted every time I share my ideas?
Do I need to tip in a restaurant that has both a waiter and a cashier?
How can I handle a bisexual friend whom I think is attracted to me?
How to respond when a Doctor's Receptionist asks the reason for the appointment, after confirming appointment is made?
How to tell someone you are pregnant at such a late stage?
How do you deal with colleagues and people around you constantly passing judgement on you for not knowing something?
Address friends overly "agressive" way to get attention back on him when around girls
How to handle people blocking your view and breaking the rules at the theater by not sitting in their assigned seats?
How to encourage people to not make/cancel travel plans based solely on my personal opinion?
How can I ask my girlfriend to be my gym buddy without hurting her feelings?
How to tell a friend their music is awful?
Roommates complained to landlord before talking to me
Roommate's dogs won't stop barking
How to explain to coworkers that being vegan does not mean I know everything about it?
How do I persuade my wife to put lids on things in the kitchen?
How to calmly respond to friendly peer-pressure when it's a major pet-peeve?
How can I get my partner to keep up with her chores?
How do I insist my wife gets rid of her recently bought pet spider, given that I'm arachnophobic?
How to approach my Boyfriend on his opinion about having children eventually?
Is there a way to ask a person to not ask so many questions without coming across as rude?
Challenging someone's choice in username
How to encourage a child with autism to practice reading?
How can I tell the new CFO that I'd like him to be a mentor?
How do I prevent a "conspiracy theory fan" father from putting me down?
How to communicate to work colleagues about the importance of hand hygiene
Social interactions at work and shyness
How do I say no to a person seeking friendship that doesn't understand internet etiquette?
How to introduce myself to a coworker after a sufficiently awkward amount of time has passed
If someone you love wants sex, should you give it to them to make them happy?
How to stop unwanted advice about my pet?
How can I talk to my boyfriend about how often he looks at girls online around me?
Helping my cousin reject advances from a classmate
My new neighbours have very nicely requested something that I find unreasonable, how should I proceed?
How to ask co-rider to share price for fuel?
How to try to get my neighbour to park their car in their assigned spot?
How to tell people that you will not go to their party without them taking it personally?
How to decline a job offer from a previous employer, without burning bridges?
How to tactfully check whether my new partner is a man or a woman?
How can I find out if my in-laws want to get back together?
How do I politely/non-awkwardly get to know/give my number to a woman on a bus, in a non-intrusive manner?
How can I communicate with my sibling about getting a job
How to sustain friendships
How to ask my roommate/good friend if they are unhappy because I did not meet their expectation of me (as a roommate)?
How to tell someone they broke my code and ask them to (help) fix it?
Friend constantly saying inappropriate things
Accidental queue jumpers refuse to believe their mistake
How to effectively communicate technical data/instructions without writing "too long" emails?
I am very close to breaking up with my girlfriend for selfish reasons; how do I talk to her about our relationship?
How do I deal with my roommates wanting a lower tier of internet service?
How to tell my fiancée's best friend we will marry on her 30th birthday?
Finding out if my crush is gay
How to ask neighbors if they are bothered by someone's dog barking?
How to let people know I don't appreciate being ignored in instant messaging?
How do I ask others to more quickly let me know about social mistakes I make?
My girlfriend and her weight
Approaching GF about my intellectual needs and her lack of providing it
How to reply to someone who asks me what I am studying?
How do I talk to my wife about her minor scheming?
How can I work with my family to respect my boundaries when it comes to event planning when my husband is in town?
How to involve the law with minimizing feelings of threatening
How can I get my friend to stop calling me every day?
Friend's controlling girlfriend is always listening to his phone calls with me. How to stop this?
Carpooling coworker sometimes makes me arrive late or stay late
How to Encourage a Volunteer Group to be Timely?
How should I approach my crush if she's not interested?
How to tell someone they should honour their bid on my item?
How to deal with a frank speaking and overthinking guy
How to handle office chitchat
How to explain to my girlfriend that I don't want to go on vacation with her, while being respectful and grown-up?
How to deal with a boss that privately texts an (uninterested) coworker
How can I repair a damaged friendship?
Is responding to an email ending with "I'll be in touch" considered pushy?
I noticed an old friend of mine has died. Should I contact her father (whom I've never met) to ask about her death?
How to explain to a friend I don't like them stopping talking to me due to a jealous friend/sexual partner?
My roommate is making me pay too much for rent. How should I confront him?
How to politely tell someone the post they shared is wrong/dangerous/bad advice?
How to tell a new guy I misunderstood my open relationship rules
Neighbor is responsible for additional costs to construction of our house; how to convince them to pay?
How do I avoid academically 'shaming' a fellow student/friend?
How do I convince my parents and their employee to close their restaurant while they go on their trips
How can I stress to my brother the importance of saving when he relies on me as a safety net?
How to get to know people who don’t respond to greetings the way I would expect them to
How to respond if your colleague is rude to you?
How to interrupt someone while they are telling a group wrong/embarrassing information?
How to reconnect with my unresponsive childhood friend?
Asking my cousin to invite my GF to the wedding
Being angry at people for no good reason
How to address a friend/boss about how she speaks to me?
Forgot something doctor told me during consulation
How do I tell my boss that I cannot learn the way he wants me to?
Should I leave my dad?
How to set and enforce a divergent personal boundary for a single problematic person in an online group of people?
How to remind someone to do a task that they have forgotten about?
How to react to unfunny statements made by significant other?
How to respond to someone being late with a favor
Is "Black American" an acceptable term in the US?
How do I deal with a coworker who keeps making racist comments?
How to defuse or prevent an adult temper tantrum
How do I approach my date about texting less?
How can I ask my friend to... well, be friendlier in the gentlest possible way?
How to respond to someone strongly resisting a specific app for group communication?
How to Deal With Asking Out A Friend's Sister
How to tell a friend, that he became an insufferable bigwig
Instuctor wants me to pay for additional lessons before sign off; but didn't complete all hours of the course
Friend keeps making jokes about my ethnicity which are not funny
How to help significant other lose gracefully in games?
How can I tell my father I have traded in my car for leased car without checking with him?
I look ten years younger. Is it appropriate to give a younger age in online dating?
How to help my SO feel less guilty when playing competitively in games?
How can I approach my dad talking to me about nothing but career and life choices?
How to deal with annoying Room mate?
Accepted receipt of ‘deepest sympathy’ flowers for neighbour
Family constantly bets when playing games
How do I build a rapport with someone I find really boring and have nothing in common with?
How do I tell someone I won't drive them anymore, when they have no car?
How do I let someone from a different culture know that they are doing something rude?
How to ask parents to respect my privacy
How to improve relationship with uninterested coworkers?
How to say no to an extremely pushy friend
How can I communicate I need to be told specific rules that they consider Christian values?
How can I tell my roommates they are being too loud at night?
Cellphone-obsessed friend (and driver)
How do I appear more friendly when I have a fierce-looking face?
How do I find the causes of the issues between me and my siblings?
Coping or Treatment Strategies for Avoidance Behavior?
Offering to share my umbrella without sounding creepy
How can I remain friends with my sponsor child without continually funding them?
How do you deal with colleagues, acquaintances asking you for knowledge that you gained with months of effort?
How to tactfully shut down gossip-talkers?
How do I tell my coworker to stop talking about her kid every day?
Future sister-in-law upsetting family with inattention?
Old friend that calls me multiple times a day, How can I talk to him about it?
Why is this random act of kindness considered offensive flirting?
How to politely ask for a response?
How to handle students in a classroom who might have feelings for you?
How to ask friend for their honest opinion about my sending messages?
How to resolve conflict when neither spouse concedes?
Coping with alienation in high school in adult life?
How do I respectfully ask my co-worker if he had received false negative feedback made on my account?
Handling awkward situations caused by morning erection around non-romantic partner
How do I ask my coworker his true opinions?
How to tell politely someone it's none of their business?
How do I interpret this situation my crush has given me?
Politely ask a female friend to stop lying to me about her relationship
How do I conclude a date without sounding rude or abrupt?
How to tell acquaintance that I don't endorse his reckless habits?
How to respond to someone who wants to know my dark side and wild things that I have done?
How to move forward from being bullied severely as freshman?
How to turn down a promotion in new job?
How to ask my ex if she has a dependence relationship with me?
Disclosing my past relationships to my girlfriend
Co-worker constantly thinks I'm slacking off
When someone refuses to acknowledge they hurt you, what can you do to move past it?
How to politely reply to recruiter that (s)he being unprofessional
How to suggest alternative music for my children to sing at my grandmother's religious funeral?
Asking a coworker to discontinue his chivalrous acts towards me?
How can I practice dealing with conflict?
How to deal with agreements which are made in a dependency situation?
Clapping in meetings
Dealing with double standards from my wife
How should I discuss on which side of the family to spend Christmas with?
How can I stop a person who is uncle of my friend and manipulates me for sex?
How can I encourage teammates to be more responsible in a "for fun" project?
My girlfriend is still seeing her ex
Making a (second) first impression on mother-in-law. How can I survive this?
How do I uninvite my friend's boyfriend from Dungeons and Dragons?
How can I counter the argument "there is better and there is worse"
Approach former date online without making it awkward
How to communicate to my mother that I find it hurtful when she cooks dessert for everyone except me who is vegan?
How do I slow down and say what I feel as opposed to the first thing that comes to mind?
How to point out a loved one's posture at the computer?
How to get a friend with Asperger's to engage in more of a mutual conversation
How can I explain a phobia when travelling to a non-English speaking country?
How can I ask all my classmates to do as I want to do?
What is the etiquette for asking whether someone has a special diet
Asking someone you met on a dating site to be friend, because you didn't like them enough to date
How can I say "No" to a best friend asking for Marriage?
How to re-build intimacy with romantic partner
Is it unwise to attempt to anger other drivers who are exiting the highway?
Is it acceptable to ask to speak to a potential partner's ex-partners?
How can I approach my friend about why he's ignoring me?
How would one greet a person on his/her birthday today, especially when his/her father died yesterday?
How can I tell a friend from a friend group the group wants to go on holiday without her?
How to deal with people who instantly end discussions with a "you aren't any better" kind of argument?
How to Ask a Muslim if He Adheres to strict Halal tradition
I forgot my friend's birthday, how can I convince him to forgive me?
How to handle negative campaign about me by a colleague
What is "holding space" and how do I do it?
How to (politely) tell someone they are not welcome in your home
How do I deal with my friend's abusive partner who I've cut contact with?
How to deal with someone attempting to “push buttons” and pick fights during casual social gatherings?
What is the etiquette for smalltalk in a workplace when the context and person is always the same?
How do I prevent people from repeating to others everything I say to them?
Prompt a person to invite me
How to deal with unreasonableness
How to politely decline friends/colleagues trying to persuade me to join a Friday after-work event?
How to tell my girlfriend I'm uncomfortable with her getting jealous when I look at other people?
How do I tell my my parents I want to switch schools from their alma mater to a new one?
How to confront a friend who lies about relationship and popularity?
How to explain to someone that I'm not who I said I was?
My roommate/friend uses lots of toilet paper and I'm not sure how to talk to him about us starting to each buy and use our own toilet paper?
How can I tell to my friend that her behavior is weird to me?
How do you ask your father not to get angry when he sees a male teacher is teaching his child?
How can I ask the smokers to stop smoking at playgrounds?
How to decline additional help when friend won't take no for an answer
How should I apologise for making someone feel bad for something that wasn't their fault?
How to communicate to my aunt that she made an honest mistake when buying food for a family meal?
How to tell a close friend they've been cheated on when the cheater is my good friend
How do I greet someone when bowing is a common greeting among the people without being disrespectful?
Etiquette regarding borrowing of power tools
How do I defuse a shouting fight about a bad test?
How can I ask an acquaintance to make no offers on an apartment we are both interested in?
Replying to people in social media without sounding insulting
Should I tell my partner my honest opinion about her career choice?
How to ask someone you see regularly out on a date, without making it awkward?
I have suggested my friend's toddler has down syndrome. How can I explain myself or apologies to her?
How should I ask people to stop over explaining things?
Have I lost my best friend because I told him I liked him?
Would it be appropriate to tell my neighbor's kids to quiet down when their parents are not at home?
When should one do "la bise" in France?
How to communicate with a coworker who repeats meaningless context?
How can I initiate a talk of money with my friend about his business idea?
How do I prevent the gym instructor from talking to me?
How do I tell students at a school I volunteer at to stop flirting with me?
How to reduce the awkwardness on the way to the bedroom?
How can I tell my husband I need time for myself without work?
How can I tactfully ask this girl if she is ready for a new relationship?
How to gently and compassionately stop a stranger talking to you about their problems?
How do I end a 30 year friendship with an alcoholic?
How do I approach a co-worker about talking too much and being distracting?
How to make girlfriend feel better about health and body
How to ask my grandmother to be nicer with my grandfather?
How do you tell a Facebook friend that they might be on the autism spectrum?
Handling the question "what did you do for the weekend?"
Making my friends take my requests seriously
How to approach a friend about his girlfriend asking to sleep with me?
How to deal with people who think staying a virgin until marriage is wrong or odd
How to avoid shaking hands?
Dealing with people ignoring me, or talking over me
How not to get dismissed in a negotiations
How should I converse with a stranger
How can I make peace with my younger brother
How to handle emotional expectation about an animals death, I do not fulfill?
Friendly Cuddling, in a non-romantic way
How to politely ask a band member to stop being late/ditching last minute?
Balance being respectful with cutting off non-sense
How do I respond to a person that says they are everyone's scapegoat?
How to start a conversation with an ex with whom the relationship ended in bad terms?
How to start the conversation with my neighbor
Roommate on my wifi
How do I tell the creator of a Discord server that they're "formalizing" everything too quickly?
Tactfully declining a family Thanksgiving invitation
Retorting to a lying person
How do I deal with some of my mean classmates?
How to explain to my girlfriend that I enjoy certain video games?
Is my overthinking bad or good? How to support an emotional girlfriend?
How to respond to loud people in workplace?
How to say that you are not interested in online dating?
How to signify to a coworker I'd like to become friends?
How to deal with aunt harassing my 15-year-old daughter for money?
How can I talk to my grandfather about his public display of affections with a woman in my presence?
Going to live in someone else's house--how to ask for rules?
How to add personal money to a gift without seeming ungrateful?
How to be a good backseat driver
How can I tell if I'm being a bother when asking for help?
How to deal with confrontational contractor who does not adequately do their job?
How to date/meet people after a very long break
How can I help my friend accept that the relationship is over?
Tactfully finding someone's birthday you forgot?
How to talk to my fiancee about automating our routine without it leading to an argument?
I'm worried about why my friend forgot my birthday, how can I ask her about it?
How to avoid an argument over the phone with my girlfriend
How should I deal with people who don't answer questions?
How to deal with a family member who does not care about anything in life?
How to tell to my mother that I don’t want to do certain things she requests me to do?
How to tactfully deal with friend who claims that I am in 'his' team?
How do I defend my role in a situation, when the person who caused it is part of the conversation?
Girlfriend has problems with kisses and physical contact. How should I react and how can I help her?
How do I help my wife control her irritablness and anger so she doesn't induce me to a rage?
How to confirm what my relationship with this person is
How can I politely tell a colleague that mocking someone's clothes in front of everyone is rude?
How to ask a girl from my class to invite me also for next party?
How do I tell my friend that she is, indeed, rude?
How to tell a friend that she is too loud when she speaks without offending?
Confronting my girlfriend's sister about trying to cuddle with us
How to apologize but also signal that you are also owed an apology?
How to avoid having always the same debates with a friend of mine?
How to tell a family member they are not to have unsupervised time with your child
How to calm a person's fears about using a taxi to find and travel to work?
Appropriate behavior after accidentally touching female player's chest in co-ed sports game
Gently turning down undesired physical contact/setting boundaries in a nightclub environment
How can I defuse a violent argument between two people?
How to tell the leaseholder I won't cover a kicked-out roommates rent
Working with a team of close-knit bossy peers, from another career
Answering "how did you make this dish" questions
A stranger on the street accidentaly dropped their wallet: if and how may I point it out to them?
Dealing with unintentionally racist/offensive behavior of new country
How to turn roommate down politely?
How to stop a girl who is talking stupid things about me and what to do in this case?
How to response to double standards elder relatives/acquaintance about my saving for a new PC without looking like an arrogant/disrespectful person?
How can I rebuild trust with my girlfriend while still hanging out with a friend?
How do I return inedible foods and not be charged, without offending staff?
How to talk to my parents about their excessive social media usage?
How to bring a student back to studies?
How to handle a friend who doesn't allow you to explain the things that happened
How can I approach my bipolar brother so that he would speak with me?
How to ask close family and friends to stop casually joking about things that are hurtful to you?
How can I show my brother that he did something wrong, without seeming angry, so that he doesn't feel afraid to make a mistake
Showing someone you are interested in a relationship but not ready to send nude
How do I tell a friend that I am no longer interested in working on a project that we have invested a lot of time
How can I politely stop my friend from using mobile in class?
We moved together unexpectedly and early. How do I approach my boyfriend about arising problems?
How can I refuse my brother's plan for an expensive trip?
How can I signal to my friend that I'm open to talking about their obesity?
How can I mediate between my fighting adult siblings?
Could expressed attraction be an absolute prevention of someone feeling attraction to me?
Etiquette at communion for someone who is not religious
How to tell girlfriend that vague answers about her day leave a bad feeling in me?
How to get over anxiety for an upcoming Christmas lunch at work?
Compliment person on apparent loss of weight
How to tell my parents I want to live in another city and ask them for their support
I had a dispute with my friend who has recently been through a break up. How can I save the relationship?
How to persuade a coworker we both need to do our own work?
How to get my boyfriend to workout?
My Godmother has "cut off ties" with me. How can I apologize in order to fix the relationship?
How I refuse a request of my friend to give my laptop?
How to make a friend stop his racists jokes?
Calming a friend with an anger issue in a competitive environment
How to tell a coworker that you would like to date them?
When trying to break into a new social group, how can I gently dissuade someone in the group from isolating me and asking me question after question?
How exactly to tell someone to not touch me
My sister refuses to help clean. Our shared room is extremely cluttered and our relationship becoming strained. How can I get her to help out?
How to reveal debt to longtime boyfriend?
How to try out a product you do not intend to buy?
Politely refusing an invitation
How to tell someone I won't do their work
How do I make my dad respect my opinions?
Friend attempts suicide, but is now acting perfectly fine. What can I do?
How to keep an interesting conversation going when there's a dog present at family gatherings?
How to ask my roommate to move out?
How to explain my SO a need for intellectual support?
How many time should you try to call someone if the other person is not answering?
Drunkenly broke a bottle of sauce in someone's kitchen
What's the etiquette for greeting people in a formal letter?
How to get my wife to accept bisexuality before our daughter comes out of the closet?
How can I ask my neighbors - so that I will have an honest answer - who is the owner of this trespassing cat?
How can I end a phone-call with my aunt without sounding rude?
How to tell friend I want to use their business idea?
Communicate to a group of friends that I dislike their unreliability
How to ask someone to stop addressing me with a certain form of endearment
How to tell my violin teacher who's interested in me that I'm actually married after I sent positive signals back for months?
How to tell my SO to limit our phone conversations?
How to politely deal with strangers who aggressively hand out religious tracts or preach to you seemingly out of nowhere?
How to help sister not over-dose on video games like I did?
What I need to say to other team members while inviting an almost outlier for group tour?
How to politely avoid a hand-shake with somebody who is infected by a flu virus?
How do I politely ask the staff at my gym how long it will be before I can use the shower?
Refusing food from a neighbour?
How can I reject a second date idea without ruining the potential for a relationship?
Is it normal in a professional environment to inform a director of personal discomfort experienced on their site?
How do I tell my aunt that I need some time off?
How to ask to join friends to vacation?
How to deal with the fact my dad raised money for charity, then spent the cash on himself?
Talking to a parent about their mental health
Communicate to flatmates I want to clean less because I am never at home
I have to work with an ex-friend, how can I limit the awkwardness of the situation?
Untangling the intersections of transphobia, fetishization, and reality
Is this a known Interpersonal "Anti-Skill", if avoided could de-escalate conflict—or could it be original? I call it "barking"
How can I gently question my friendship with someone who may or may not be my friend?
How to be Polite without giving wrong signals (because this happened before!)
How can I help my roommates ignore my difficult past?
Non-disabled people parking on handicap spots
Stalking - I accuse a colleague to be a free rider. How can I ask him if he does that?
What non-verbal communication can I use to ask if someone want physical comfort?
Roommate demanding security deposit before leaving the room
How can I retain the attention of an Interviewer?
How to voice my disapointment with my adult daughter's choice to own a fur-trimmed coat, without having a dispute?
public transport: how to know (non-verbally) if someone needs a seat?
How to convince girlfriend to not cycle to work?
How can I inform a foreign colleague that the private conversation in their native language is not so?
How do I get my friends to understand that I won't be social ALL the time and tolerate their scoff when I say 'I'm studying'
How to tell my mother the way she acts when upset or tired is unacceptable
How can I ask to continue a friendship after we accidentally took it to a romantic level?
How can I point out errors to a teammate in a group project without being the "bad guy"?
How to ask a host to fix something, they consider due to their lacking knowledge, not flawed?
Suggestions for "how to approach a person who try to debate without facts and figures.?"
Rude behavior in canteen
How to convince co-home-owners to consult me on significant changes/purchases?
How to ask my neighbor who joined my sport club to play with other beginners?
How can I ask for money return from friends without sounding selfish?
How to manage the tension caused by conflicts between two of my superiors?
How to not be "this annoying nitpicking Quality Engineer"?
Can my sense of common courtesy be considered sexism?
How to salvage a potential relationship and find out what went wrong?
How to say NO to a family member request about taking care of her child?
How do I get my landlord to show some consideration without souring our relationship?
By what ways can I seek attention of my friends to explore business oppotunities?
Help a coworker or friend reconsider their work/private life balance
How to communicate your availability to relocate without sounding as a stalker?
How do I give money for the tickets to the girl that I'm seeing?
how to say no to a recurring request from my managers and team members
How to Address My Weight in Conversations With Friends
How do I get my flat mate to clean up after herself?
How to politely tell my girlfriend that I want to live on my own for some time
How do I use body language to indicate that I am thinking?
Difficult friend refuses to compromise regarding social outings
How to finish a date gracefully?
How to reply politely to someone asking too many vague questions?
How to explain that I rather do something else than go to a social event?
How to get hosts to split invitations to parties between ex-partners
How can I tell my friend to take her medication?
How to ask the parent of a child I tutor to be less hands on during our lessons?
How to gracefully ask HOA residents about their experiences?
How do you tell your superior that you have a problem with another coworker?
How to announce to our relatives that our daughter has dementia?
Ask a Product manager to be redirected to someone else with more technical skills
How to have an honest discussion, when all outcomes are undesirable
Is it acceptable to intrude a celebrity's conversation, if so, how to be tactful?
Appropriate way to show appreciation to colleague?
How to start or keep up a conversation with a friend or crush
Girlfriend become aggressive when we bump into other women
Someone criticized my "casual player game", how to make them think?
How to acknowledge an apology without saying thanks
How to clarify relationship status with friend you haven't talked to in 2 years?
How to tell someone you no longer wish to see them?
How to tell a colleague that touching my behind at the christmas party was not ok
How to tell a friend I don't want to continue giving him advice?
How to avoid being perceived as cold or rude to people while only being depressed?
How can I ask my flatmate why she's upset after I mentioned feeling like a third wheel?
How to politely tell a friend that his views on women are extreme?
How can I make sure that my ex's friend will help me to work out the situation?
Brother thinks no one wants to hang out with him
How to react to a coworker calling themselves dumb?
How can I express to my boyfriend that I don't feel comfortable with this situation without sounding like blackmailing him?
How to reassure my mother about the fact that forgetting my birthday does not mean I'm mad at her?
How to address a rude teenager at family gatherings?
My roommate cheats at jeopardy. How do I respond?
How do I share I don't wish to be a part of the superstition without insulting anyone?
How to get along with an obstructive person who believes her nation is superior?
How can I find out if my gf only wants me for a green card?
How to find out, if it is ok to hug (opposite sex)?
How do I effectively talk to my lover about her relationship?
How can I pursue a friendship by sending a reply to a mass email without having my intentions misinterpreted?
Do people have a right not to be looked at?
Is it better to ask parents of a kid if they are OK with a gift I buy for their child?
How to say to my ex that I understand her?
How do you open/close a friendly personal message to somebody with a terminal illness?
Dealing With Unwanted, Repeated, Public Advances
What is a polite way to apologize when sneezing frequently at the office?
Etiquette of sending a "thank you" message to the host after attending a house party?
What should one do when occasionally meeting an acquaintance of theirs with other people being with any of you, potentially unfamiliar with others?
Girlfriend say "yes" but doesn't do it
Primary roommate wants me to give him copy of key to my bedroom and I don't want to
How to tell our friends unable to have children that my wife is pregnant again?
How do I tell my wife that a family member has just died with an illness they both have?
How to stop a fragile friend from dumping their negative emotions on me?
How to tell flatmate that one of her visitors often leaves the toilet in a dirty state?
How to communicate that the first impression I made at a party was misleading?
Wife wants me to be happy (or act happy) all the time
How to make my girl buy me gifts without sounding needy?
How can I ask my brother to stop saying "future sister in law" when referring to his girl of interest?
How to request close friends to improve food serving cleanliness?
Explaining to my boss that I didn't attend a company social event due to tiredness issues
What is an alternative to brutal honesty that doesn't involve lying?
How to tactfully chase up free work from a friend
How to avoid a ride back from a bad driver?
How can I talk about sex with my girlfriend without giving her an ultimatum?
Taking space and engaging in casual group conversations
Father have a drinking problem, how to talk to him about it?
Handshake Etiquette when wearing a Bandaid
How can I politely decline when someone asks to use my camera on my phone?
How to reply to unknown texter?
How can I discourage constant messaging from online friend without raising it directly?
How do I tell my friend that I don't want to go to her church without hurting her feelings
How can I get a drunk person to understand that I don't want to talk to them?
How can I help my friend who is depressed and isolated?
How do I change my name in the age of social media?
Etiquette about signing card when coworker leaves
How to know if you’re in an abusive situation?
How to designate, that I'd prefer having a conversation in english, when someone aproaches me in my native language?
How to approach an unknown person via email if I only have a name that sounds like her nickname?
How do I avoid making my friend feels like she has to "fake happiness" for me?
How to jump into a group which is standing in a circle?
How can I talk about my problems without having people exaggerate their gravity
How to stop dad giving me health issues from undercooking food
Foreign Friend wants me to go to the hospital with him in order to translate
How can I offer to take care of the dog of a stranger when he/she is not home?
Non-tech savvy roommate thinks I hacked into his computer because when he scans wifi it shows my printer connected
How to offer helping my friend with planning my meal at his wedding without coming across as rude?
Making an acquaintance of a bank manager
Online conversation vs face to face interaction
How can I communicate to my girlfriend that I'm uncomfortable paying most bills without ruining the relationship?
How to "break up" with my toxic parents/family?
How can I avoid asking leading question when inquiring for someone well being?
How to find out if my girlfriend secretly wants to get pregnant?
How to refuse a hairdresser because I want someone who's cut my hair before, without being rude?
Why do people want eye contact when talking?
How can I correct text of another person during a chat without being pedant or making fun of the other person?
How can I discuss beer without sounding like a snob?
How do I talk to my housemate about bathroom hygiene?
How to compliment a woman’s makeup?
How to incorporate unannounced visits
How to approach the topic of splitting a vacation rental bill by ability to pay?
How do I tell the waiter that I want each course as soon as it's ready?
Proper etiquette when walking at night to not scare people
The daughter of our religious friends writes scary notes when she's at us. How to communicate that?
How to remind people who forgot to reply?
How to deal with a classmate that can't speak your language or understand the teacher?
How do I set the boundaries I’m not ok with how someone is speaking to me?
"But you don't look autistic" isn't a nice thing to say
My friend always complains he's late, but doesn't want to eliminate the causes
My girlfriend wants to move in, but we're having issues
(How) can I ask gifts be in cash/check instead of more restrictive instruments?
How to behave as normal co-workers again to ease the awkwardness?
How to say I will not be participating in the current system of sharing costs (because I don't think it's fair), when people are easily offended?
How to ask my friend to tell her support group she was sexually assaulted?
Tactfully telling my cousin that she might do too many of the chores in her household
How to politely decline an equipment rent request?
How can I decline a hug without offending?
Where do adults make friends outside of work?
How to decline food without sounding picky
How to negotiate with brash roommate
Saying thanks without making it sounds like "you are doing me a favor"?
What can I do to comfort an online friend who’s sibling just died?
How to make a friend I secretly love feel special on Valentine’s Day
Told you are wrong when you aren't by a boss
How to avoid being kissed by someone with braces?
How to communicate to friend that his ideas most likely won't work
How to get recognition for the cleaning I do?
Group Date Split Check
How to "nudge" a client to email me back without seeming rude
How to improve communication with my mother in law?
How to introduce change in a process while avoiding conflict?
Heal a damaged friendship
Opening up a conversation channel with my fiancee
How to repay someone for a favour when it was their fault they had to do it in the first place?
How can I reach out to a new guy I might have offended?
Asking not leading questions without sounding cold and/or detach
What would be the correct reaction in such situation?
How can I communicate to a friend that he should apply to more jobs?
How to evade request to sit somewhere uncomfortable?
Leaseholder rented out storageroom and I was under impression money from it would be divided evenly
How to tell a user at the gym that it's not OK to use one machine and “reserve” another one?
Dealing with language barrier in social gatherings
How to receive a direct answer from a request?
What is the most polite way to ask someone if they understand English?
Asking questions about sexism without sounding like I'm... 'part of the problem'?
How to talk with my boss about the lack of hygiene on our workspace?
Approach friends about getting un-invited last minute with terrible communication and rude behavior?
How to get money owed to me by my brother
How do I apologize to my girlfriend after she said her heart is broken?
Thanks to friend's deal I saved some money, I would like to thank him
How to improve relationship with a co-worker who does not speak to me?
How to ask primary roommate not to share key to my room with other people?
Telling my boss that I have tiredness issues
How to politely kick out someone who tries to take over your work?
My girlfriend keeps me out of her Facebook profile - how to understand why?
Asking my friend out even though I have a girlfriend
How can I ensure I maintain a good working relationship competing with my colleagues for a promotion?
Is it appropriate to remove a privelege from my younger brother for bad behavior?
How to tell a patient I don’t want to discuss a personal detail?
How to stop friends giving me burnout at social events?
How to tactfully request girlfriend's family to give us more space?
I have to sack a temporary worker. How to communicate it?
How do I talk to my girlfriend about pitching in financially when we go out?
How do I tell a friend that's trying to start another long distance relationship that it isn't a very good idea without hurting our friendship?
How do I improve my presentation skills in the seminar?
Responding to a man about the fact that they had been kissed by force
How do I deal with the problem of people who aren't listening to what I'm actually saying?
How do I tell a colleague that I won’t have an intimate relationship with her?
How to tell people to stop aggrandizing my allergies?
How do you maintain relations after you've received help from an acquaintance?
How to politely ask someone to stop air-conducting
How do I prevent an absent minded friend from inviting himself to stay with me every year?
Asking people to meet outside of work/gym/etc
Knowing when you should send message instead of asking in person
How to discuss future with disengaged and possibly depressed partner?
How to proactively include myself in extrinsic ethnic family?
What is the proper etiquette for sharing menu items at a restaurant?
How to communicate with sensitive roommates accusing me of passive-aggression?
Sit opposite or along-side on a 4-seater table on a date?
How do I introduce my new name to my friends?
How to tell brother that not returning money when he has it is not cool
How to dodge a question you don't want to answer smoothly, without coming across as dismissive or abrupt?
Former housemates have left things at my house. How do I get them to take their things?
How to argue for a point of view without appearing like I am sharing that view?
I want to bring up birth control to my girlfriend without causing a fight
Replacing broken item when price has changed
Worried about girlfriend lifestyle changes
Parents fighting a lot recently, and aren't 'dealing' with the problem causing it to blow up next time - How do I get them to work it out?
How to properly criticize a poor (scientific) work?
How do I request a different hairdresser?
How can I be assertive without being labeled as difficult?
Complimenting a complete stranger on public transportation
How can you respond to the situation where you're expected to guide a younger nephew for X and you're not familiar with X?
Telling my cousin that she might want to learn more about cultural appropriation
How to start a conversation with an introvert/nerdy classmate?
How to tell foreigners they don't need to speak English when near me?
how to speak to neighbors that you know are not going to be open to any conversation?
What is the etiquette for leaving after a stay with an unexpected host?
How can I effectively use social media to become closer friends with people I don't see often?
How can a poor and socially handicapped person socialize with wealthy people?
Roommates go on witch hunts over petty grievances and it stresses me out
How to talk to people at a singles mixer when you are an introvert?
Being told to get into a relationship despite state of mental health, how to ask why?
How can one recover from a bad joke?
Telling shy person about discomfort during sex
What cultural hints to be aware of when Jewish friends are staying at our place?
How can I support my aunt when she is being "yelled" at by a stranger?
How can I tell my friend to chill out?
Supporting depressed ex
Colleague making me feel bad over a game
Leaseholder suddenly increased everyone's rent, saying when he renewed lease with owner, they increased it
How to invite a girl to talk and hang out without her inviting a friend?
How can I show someone that I am a good listener?
Does including a reason when making an assertive request make it more effective?
How can I ask someone in a quiet library to stop clearing their throat?
How to invite my band-members/coworkers to give me feedback on my performance?
What can I do to improve my current marriage situation?
Informing friend their girlfriend might be pregnant
Asking an update from a friend who agreed to help me but who didn't respond me last time
How to insist roommate provides me with proof of utilities bill?
How to tell beginner pickleball player they shouldn't play?
How to tell a stranger that the way I wish to educate my child is none of his/her business?
How to help a familiar financially without making them less responsable?
Telling parents that it's okay if their child doesn't kiss me
How can I apologize to coworker while avoiding another lecture?
Why do people expect me to feel exactly the same as they do?
How can I make it clear that a conversation with a friend should stay private?
How to tell my manager that I am lacking a work assignment while not making my colleague look bad?
How to tell long distance girlfriend we both did wrong without her closing up again
How do I tell my gf to stop guilting me that I don't love her enough?
Get to meet someone from the internet without being pushy about it?
Talking to your girlfriend about her personal messages you read by chance?
How can I tactfully point out that someone misunderstood me?
How can I better improve peoples views of me?
How to confront roommate with an issue in sharing?
How to attract someone who doesn't love you anymore?
How can I lay out my reasons to my girlfriend for why we shouldn't get married?
How to email a friend after a year-long argument?
How to tell my friend's mom to stop bothering me about not going to church?
How to ask a possibly depressed, not-so-close friend if they need help
How to avoid semantic noise during a regular conversation?
How do I tell my internship supervisor that I want to start my next task?
How can I ask my client to send the memento which is originally addressed to me?
How can I stop restaurant cashiers from putting their hands on the rim of my cup?
How to cold call/post a long lost relative?
How to tell friends that I don't want them in my team?
How to reach out to an old family friend about information about my father?
How to ask my friend to stop blaming me for everything bad that happens to him?
Asking a retired soldier about their experiences
How do I deal with this kid who is really creeping me out in class?
How to respond when person falsely claims I kicked their dog?
How to tackle an unexpected argument at your party?
How do I get comfortable around boys?
Responding to half sister about biological father not returning her messages
How to make a new trainee feel comfortable at lunch?
How to open up a conversation with an SO about a possibly inappropriate action?
How can I ask this girl out when she's giving me mixed signals (and other various obstacles)?
Helping a child enforce boundaries with strangers
How to determine which gesture of appreciation will be the most effective?
What can I do to help conversational skills?
How can I help someone become more assertive?
How to stop someone from helping you?
How to stop reoccuring conflict in family home
How to say no to a family member who wants to drive the car
How can I let my male friends know how much they mean to me?
How do I diplomatically get someone to hurry up and make a trivial decision?
Acknowledge there is a problem without making the other person more worried
Is it common courtesy to leave a gift behind someone's door?
How do I talk to someone I've had issues with before?
How to deal with a friend that thinks he is always right?
Communicating to my partner that I don't want to stop smoking
How to reply to "don't you trust me?" when asking to see bill?
How to make a proper, harmless April Fools' joke?
How do I get a classmate who is creepy to leave me alone?
What is the etiquette for responding to someone thanking me for doing my job?
How to talk with a girl about the fact that she keeps standing me up?
How can I break up with my girlfriend in the kindest way?
How should I text a guy I liked on LinkedIn?
How to listen to music without looking antisocial?
Need help in understanding girlfriend's angry behaviour ​
How to support a friend when you disagree with their choices?
My teen son's friend stinks due to cats in his house. How to handle?
How to invite a significant other to spend the night without implying sex?
How to tactfully respond to compliments when I don't feel I deserve them?
How can I talk to a friend about his behaviour before distancing myself from him?
How can I help talk a close friend out of religiously radicalizing?
How to tell a person I feel they're only pretending to like me when they need something?
How to cancel a nearing appointment with a friend that I forgot about?
How can I get my neighbor to stop disturbing me overnight?
How to ask ex-girlfriend to delete nude pictures of us that she took?
How can I take Stack Exchange answers less defensively and give answers less aggressively?
How to support a coworker with her insecurity, while not going against my own opinions?
How can I again be on friendly terms with a girl I have a crush on since she's avoiding me after I gave her a small gift?
Letting people know they don't owe me directly
How to introduce someone to a recruiter that I've worked with before?
How to respond to discussions about joint activities that never result in an invitation?
How to ask ex-girlfriend to seek professional help
How to tell daughter in law not to bring her friend to Easter dinner?
Avoiding conflict when showing my family my new name
Convey the wish of being grandparent while acknowledging your children views
How to approach a person that does not respond to me after I was potentially rude to them?
How to respond to people who don't believe where you're from?
how do I tell my friend how I feel in person without feeling embarrassed about it?
How to handle someone who takes over and derails meetings?
How can I ask my girlfriend to accept my choice of charity to support?
Handling boss who doesn't pays salary on time
How to reapproach a girl that I liked when last conversation did not end well?
Professor gets cursory requests for advice from total strangers -- how to make them be more considerate?
Man asking for food on the street would only talk to my girlfriend
How to deal with 'It sucks, just deal with it' when asking for support
How to finish a project with a dishonest and unreliable partner without jeopardizing it
How to tell an unknown cyclist I don't want to give them the pace
Politely declining a request to use my railway card to get a ticket when the person has to stand in the queue
How to address the disapproval of someones actions when he/she throws litter on the ground
Proper etiquette for sending food back to the kitchen?
How to ask the teacher questions without my friends thinking I'm rude or boastful?
When is it good to argue with someone vs ignoring them?
How do I inform my overprotective mother that my girlfriend isn't a distraction?
How do I call out (tell him his behavior is unacceptable) a narcissistic father?
How do you ask friends not to be so hard on you?
How to stop family members from giving me pictures of their children?
How to avoid sounding unfriendly when talking fast?
Being asked to lend a cigarette to someone who has had a stroke
How do I talk to my partner who is still grieving her ex who committed suicide?
How do I tell authorities that my narcissistic father is emotionally blackmailing my sister?
How to politely turn down an offer from someone to join a pyramid scheme?
Asking my sister to show less display of affection to her SO in public
How to motivate my lazy partner towards self improvement?
How do I improve on my social communication without being boring?
How to look at someone's apparel or tattoos without appearing weird?
How to treat someone a meal without sounding rude?
How to invite my colleagues to an at-home goodbye party when they usually organize them in a bar?
Asking my coworker to get to the point without being rude
How can I politely point out to a non-native English speaker that they have used the wrong word?
Are longer, text-heavy slides more effective at communicating ideas than quick, numerous slides?
How can I avoid lending my bike?
How do I stop my classmates from overusing class property?
How to ask for landlord's address to be included on lease
How to talk to a friend that just lost an eye
Friend gave away my stuff - how to move forward from this?
How to politely ask my family to stop pressuring me to 'like' posts more on social media?
How to try to find out who stole a valuable item in a social situation?
Raising the stakes in a game without sounding eager or greedy
Asking friend to wait before ordering meal
How can I talk with my friend/co-worker about that fact that learning about his relationship upset me?
In what direction should I explain a topic that requires in-depth knowledge to understand?
How to ask a 3rd party to tell someone to contact me?
How can I tell my wife to pay more attention to everything without sounding condescending or rude?
How can I get my wife to be less spendthrift?
How do I inform my boss that he offended me?
Someone else using my cooler without my permission
How to decline giving details about my previous doctor's opinion when transitioning between two doctors?
How to deal with "why not" as a response to the a why question?
Seeking closure over someone I have unblocked but whom I learned have passed on
Asking my sibling to not tease me about a specific subject
Contacting a friend when I haven't heard from them in weeks
How to let other coworkers know that I don't share my coworker's political views?
How do I safely ask my girlfriend about her past depression?
Confront mentor on unwarranted remark
How can I make an argument that my time is valuable?
How do I deal with a friend group that I fear is making its more successful member upset?
Etiquette regarding money participation when a coworker leaves?
What to keep in mind when telling an aunt how wrong her actions are, without creating further family conflict?
How to gracefully navigate potentially negative or bewildered reactions to calling a long lost relative?
How to approach boundary setting when family composition changes?
How do I avoid an interaction with an employee at the grocery store escalating to the store manager?
When sitting, how to non-verbally communicate that someone is invading your personal space?
How to properly maintain eye contact with people that have distinctive facial features?
Money problems with close friends
Communicating that I don't appreciate being repeatedly pressed to do something
How can I ask my coworkers for candid feedback on something I said?
How do I deescalate a situation in which two people are arguing, and other people are calling for them to be banned?
How do I effectively explain to my boss that I don't want to wear a t-shirt for our office video shoot?
My neighbour threatened to kill my cat. How to apologize and make sure he doesn't hurt my pets?
How can I communicate to my wife my concerns about her spending habits?
How to decline physical affection from a child whose parents are pressuring them?
How to comfort and help a partner who can't get a job and started questioning own capability?
How to break a two year old glacier!
How to communicate to my wife the same thing which I already repeated her 100 times?
Dishes are still dirty after my housemate "cleans" them. How to address the issue?
How to tell your grandparent to not come to fetch you with their car?
Having a conversation with a coworker about receiving mixed signals that are confusing me
What is the proper workplace etiquette for saying goodbye to a higher ranking coworker that you almost never interact with?
Stop disrupting behavior from a complete stranger
How do I socialise with a guy in the gym and in my hostel that I want to become friends with?
Working to resolve a safety issue after having been lied to by the person responsible
How to get roommate to be respectful, when communication has no effect?
How to decline a wedding invitation from a friend I haven't seen in years?
How do I handle not liking the cultural cuisine of my coworkers?
How can I deal with uncomfortable silence from my partner?
Why is it considered rude to burp in public?
How to befriend someone who doesn't like to talk?
How do I set a meeting with someone who keeps rescheduling?
How to ask the reason of sudden unfriendliness of neighbours?
How to tell my ex not to expect sex
How do I project confidence in communications at work?
How to address a formerly toxic player in my community that we caught using a sockpuppet account?
How to address an online gaming community about our decision to allow back a player who used to be toxic?
How to interact with a person asking for change without giving them false hope?
How can I improve my selfsteem
How to ask if I can mow my neighbor's lawn
How to respond to complaints from strangers about my loud toddler child?
How do I talk with my girlfriend about her jealousy?
How should I address a person who offers a choice of personal pronouns
How can I convince my girlfriend that relationship and her doctorate is possible?
Effectively communicating that I am not withholding information
How can I stop my niece with developmental disorder from sitting behind my juice bar?
How to make clear to people I don't want to answer their "Where are you from?" question?
How can I tell a coworker I carpool with to drive more safely?
Warning someone that they have been suckered into a scam
Happy Juneteenth?
How do I politely refuse doing a favor for a friend?
How to ask someone to not try to fix your issues
How to tell an acquaintance that there will be only me
How to reply to small talk/random facts in a non-offensive way?
How to handle my perceived disrespect to Aunt?
How to tell my mother that my wife does not want to attend a family birthday party?
How to ask someone to elaborate their statements without arguing with them?
How should I behave to assure my friends that I am not after their money?
How can I tactfully refuse to tell my loving brother my home address?
Tactfully telling someone that they are the reason for your anxiety
How can I greet people when I encounter someone searching for bottles in trash cans?
Different budgets within roommate group
How to tell/ask my brother to provide his own food?
How to approach someone who keeps interrupting conversations?
How to deal with racist sexist friend
Becoming a better mentor
How should I behave after I was caught cheating in a test to convey that I'm truly remorseful?
How to help a stranger (woman) in an abusive relationship?
How to explain to mother that less support is better?
How can I bring up the topic of my birthday gift to my girlfriend?
Mediating Between a Parent with High Expectations and a Defensive Sibling
How do I correct someone using the incorrect plural?
On what to compliment someone with anorexia in order to improve their body image?
How to apologize to a friend I hurt two years ago without scaring them?
How to avoid people who always see negative side of everything
My wife has now decided she doesn't want have children, but I fear it's just because of mental illness (depression)
How can I end interactions with a stranger after a conversation has turned bad?
Helping my mom accept that I can't be available as much as she wants
How do I tell my girlfriend she's been buying me books by the wrong author for the last nine months?
Problem with the "thirst of power" of a colleague
Telling a friend I normally hangout with on a holiday, I don't want to this time
Needy friend uses me to avoid his parents, how do I tell him no?
How can I refuse a dinner with my relatives?
How to properly communicate that lack of proposals to meet is not because of lack of interest?
How to communicate to my spouse I can't stand unexpected touch without hurting their feelings?
How to tell my ex I'd like to get back together without hurting her feelings?
How can I talk with these people that I owe money to solve the situation?
Declining a date invitation from a friend while minimizing the hurt feelings?
How do I talk to my wife about unrealistic expectations?
How do I comfort someone I love after their dad died?
How do I convince my dad to support my mom’s surgery?
How can I forewarn a schoolmate that I'll refuse to answer personal questions if we meet?
How to make aware co worker about their parking skills?
How to tell a girl with anxiety and OCD I'd like to date her without triggering her?
Understand stingy, cheap behavior in a social context
How to ask a girl out when my chances of doing it face to face are thin?
When to cut the connection-maker out of a reply-all conversation?
How should I tell my friend that I found room for the next school year?
How to tell someone I'd like to become friends without causing them to think I'm romantically interested in them?
How to help my girlfriend be more expressive of herself and develop own identity
Mansplaining in an academic context
Etiquette when someone’s birthday is on the same day as the funeral of one of their loved ones
How could I have better handled this interaction with a hired company to complete a project?
How can I not agressively let my friend know I don't want to be hugged/touched?
Discussing my noisy pet with the neighbors
How to help my child come out as a trans woman to extended family?
How to mend a friendship when my friend thinks I'm in the wrong and I don't wish to apologize
How to contact and spend more time with the friends of my best friend?
My friend call me but don't be serious about conversation
How do I explain to a charismatic person what it is like to not be so charismatic?
How to be a good host when organizing a birthday party with "mixed" friends?
How to honestly answer questions from a girlfriend like "How did you find this place" without giving the impression I'm always talking about my exes?
How to handle the aftermath of a parent leaking information I want to keep private to family?
How to ask my office to remove the pride decorations without appearing anti-LGBTQ?
How can I encourage cleaner habits to my partner?
Band mates / roommates unwilling to share our rehearsal space and equipment
How to get my adult son to stop criticizing his Dad (me)
How do I ask a stranger for information about a mutual friend?
How to avoid my friend tracking my lifestyle
How do I keep in touch with a friend without spending long amounts of time with him?
How to counter/explain wife's double standards and avoid negativity
How to start a friendship with a girl I have a crush on and rejected me, when we had a big fight and stopped talking
How to manage healthy relationship with traditional parents who do not like your partner?
How can I talk about positive circumstances in my life without hurting coworkers who are in the opposite situation?
How can I indicate that what I'm saying is not sarcastic online?
How to deal with new awkward sport partner without hurting his feelings?
How to deal with unreasonable neighbours whose landlord doesn't care?
How to ask my manager for a part-time?
What is meaning of placing clenched hand on thigh and throwing elbow to one side while seated in a chair?
How to tactfully ‘pull up’ sibling for neglecting parent?
How do I respond to my doctor's message in which she mentions she's doing voluntary work?
Having been highly praised for my professionalism, am I expected to return the praise?
How can I jump into a fast-moving group conversation?
How do I approach telling guests not to overstay their welcome?
My girlfriend occasionally blocks me on social media
How to politely ask for verification delay?
A coworker mumbles to herself when working. How can I ask her to stop?
How do I interact with a person at a bare minimum level without seeming excessively rude?
Is it OK to delete old tweets about events that are no longer relevant?
Asking a coworker to chitchat somewhere else
How to avoid a lengthy conversation with someone from the neighborhood I don't share interests with
How can I email a former schoolmate who starred in porn if she needs my help, without being creepy or spooking her?
How to make a group of friends when in a completely residential Indian university hostel?
How to deal with people that are not able to confront you with Problems they have with you
How to make clear to my boyfriend that I simply don't have anything to talk about
How to ask a noisy housemate to be quieter?
How to encourage spouse to speak up more when making decisions?
How do I tell the bride that her comments are insensitive as a bridesmaid?
How to join an ongoing conversation without being rude?
Team goes to lunch frequently, I do intermittent fasting but still want to socialize
How do I start a conversation with a friend I had a crush on in junior high?
How do you politely respond to people who ask too many obvious questions?
Can I get my coworkers to consider using new techniques at work?
How to tell a friend I don't want his help with miniature painting?
How can I communicate my issues with a potential date's pushy behavior?
How to deal with a person who rejected you and work with on the same team?
How to ask a stranger on Facebook to talk to someone about getting in touch without sounding like a creepy stalker?
How to dismiss intrusive questions from a colleague with whom I don't work?
Can I remain friends if my online relationship has become an emotional affair?
Is there a polite/tactful way to ask someone to leave your house after they come round for dinner?
How to talk about what religious denomination you belong to without making the person uncomfortable?
How do I stop my co-worker sending me cat memes?
My co-workers keep calling me a robot, how can I resolve this?
How to reassure my boyfriend
My co-worker has promised to gift me his old guitar, but keeps forgetting to bring it in. How do I remind him without sounding spoiled?
How do I argue in an impersonal manner?
How to convey to sister-in-law that I wasn’t planning to invite her to hen night?
Mitigate and discuss conflict about inclusion of my son as step-son
How to gently end involvement with an online community?
How to inform my family of my child's new gender identity?
Forming new friendships as a 35 year old?
How to tell my mother not to visit?
Was I wrong for reading my boyfriend's conversation from another woman?
Telling my neighbors to not blow his weedy lawn clippings onto my newly mowed lawn
How to socialize at pubs/bars when you are alone?
What is Soda Fountain Etiquette?
Would an engineering career be good for a physics lover?
Using what a person wants or needs to do whatever with them
My boyfriend is way too involved with his female employee
How can I reject volunteers that aren't a great fit for the job?
Best way to advertise an outreach event last-minute
How to make a proper apology?
Unable to interact with opposite gender properly , Can talk properly alone
How and when do I tell a potential partner that I do not want more kids?
What is the etiquette about the topics you can discuss in a work dinner with your supervisor?
How to suggest to girlfriend to get a nose job?
How do I get my neighbour to stop disturbing with loud music?
How do I stop people from making fun of my looks
How to approach someone one likes and how to get to know them well?
How do I make friends with people who I have possibly alienated without making it awkward?
