Possible UDP MTU problems (UDP, bad length 1650 > 1368 in tcpdump)
Does the tip selection depend on how quickly the proof of work is done?
How do IoT devices listen to the Tangle?
Why is "getTransactionsToApprove" returning identical trunk & branch hashes
How would IOTA handle a spam attack that is NOT attempting to successfully double spend, but merely make the network unusable?
Why does it take so long to see a completed transaction in history?
Why does headless IRI fullnode without PoW keep CPU at 100%?
How to prevent bloating if all tangle is supposed to be known by everyone?
In a transaction, what are "trunk", "branch" and "bundle" exactly?
Theoretical delay before first approval
Can I do a transaction with someone if one participant doesn't have internet access?
Full node vs permanode
IOTAs sent to the seed instead of an address
Nelson Not Adding Connections
"Received an Invalid TransactionViewModel. Dropping it..." after upgrading to 1.4.1.4
In IOTA can two transactions reference the same tips
How to read the Tangle database?
In the IOTA wallet, what does the Promote button do?
When a Snapshot occurs, does this benefit all nodes automatically?
High spike in incoming data, high CPU usage
Corrupted transactions
What happens if I send money to the wrong address?
What to do with pending transactions even after too many reattachments?
How to send multiple transactions simultaneously from the wallet?
How to run IOTA Light Wallet behind proxy on Windows?
How to Setup a Full Node on Azure?
Pseudocode to walk the tangle?
How will IOTA manage node version control?
What is the network effect of disjointed node software versions?
Where is the message in the transaction bundle?
Using traceroute hop count to select neighbors
Can I run a full node on Galaxy S8?
Running a full node
How does a device get automatically the receive address from another device to send data to it?
IRI: Find neighbor which uses the testnet
Flash Channels: Performance Benchmark
How to see the "Latest Solid Milestone Index" of my neighbors?
Nodes Not Syncing
What affects confirmation rate, and how can it be improved?
What's "All Transactions" in IOTA Peer Manager?
What can be the reason for the Solid Milestone Index not to increase overtime?
How would full nodes cope with large amounts of data?
VPS CPU steal time
Why exactly is it so important that IP addresses are kept secret?
How long does a transfer IOTAs from the wallet to the exchange (Bitfinex) take?
sendTransfer Error: "inconsistent tips pair selected"
How to run two light wallets at the same time?
Can I call "getNodeInfo" via UDP the same way I can call it over TCP?
Why do some transactions get confirmed within 5-10 minutes and some don't even after 10 hours?
Can nodes communicate among each other only via transactions?
What is the probability that a transaction is being confirmed without having to reattach?
What does P_SEND_MILESTONE config do?
How to restrict access to certain API commands so that only certain clients can call them?
When's the next snapshot?
What's the makeup of the transaction object?
Are bundles one tip or four?
IRI Missing Transactions
How Does a Client Prepare PoW for the Node?
How do full nodes verify nonces generated after POW completion?
What is IOTA Masked Authenticated Messaging (MAM)?
Getting error while trying spin up old IRI
Address re-use and snapshot
What are "Random Transactions" in IOTA Peer Manager?
Mechanism used to Claim at risk addresses
Where is PoW being executed when using the CLI wallet?
How will Smart Contracts be implemented on the Tangle, providing timestamps are enforced?
Reclaim tool confirmation
Seed generator best and safe?
Public address for charity etc
Why do transactions in a bundle need to be chained via trunkTransaction?
What does it mean, if the LSM and LM are equal, but do not change for hours?
Promote old transaction instead of reattaching them
Address Privacy
Will auto-discovery of neighbors be implemented for full nodes?
Attaching an address generated by an old version of the library?
What is the goal of the Nash Equilibrium blog posts?
Does the proof of work needed to attach a transaction fluctuate, if so, what causes the increase/decrease?
How are taxes paid in the future if finally my car pays for parking?
Is it correct that a wallet which does PoW never needs to call attachToTangle?
Wallet2Wallet Transaction won't confirm
Is there a testing environment for dev purposes
Sample code for promoting a transaction using the official IOTA JS Library?
deep dive implementation documentation
Do transactions within the same bundle need to reference specific branch and trunk hashes?
IOTA added to the address but immediately withdrawn from my address
"Multi-signature wallet" from Bitfinex
Does attaching an address reveal its private key?
What are the minimum requirements to run a full node?
Extracting data from the tangle
IOTA use and resupply
Error running Iota MAM example
Setting up and running full IOTA Wallet
is there a documentation of the ini-file?
IOTA wallet not opening on W10 PC
How to properly move funds from Wallet A to Wallet B without being exposed to security risks?
Iota wallet balance is 0 and tangle explorer only shows received and 0 sent
Parse UDP packet into a bundle
What is the max possible transactions/second rate in IOTA?
I need help recovering my pre-Kerl funds
How large can an address index be?
How much computing power is needed for the PoW?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of DAG over blockchain?
What does unsychronous Milestones mean?
Will the transaction process eventually become easier?
Do I Have to Change My Seed after Multiple Transactions?
IOTA Reference Implementation—UnsatisfiedLinkError on Windows
Address used on Binance lost, and no funds in wallet
Invalid transaction in milestone
Byteball vs. IOTA
What is Mathematical Formula behind Private Key and Address?
Binance—Can't Withdraw Funds
Is it possible to run IOTA over Tor?
What's the optimal number of neighbors for a full node?
Iota full node server & cloudflare warp
When did iota devs adopt ternary over binary?
Problem with a Wallet—Outgoing Transaction Appeared
Transferred IOTA from Binance but my balance won't change from 0
Without the Coordinator, how will the network decide which double-spend succeeds?
Does the tangle store any node-specific information?
In IRI a transaction has an attribute "solid", what determines whether a transaction is solid?
What code was used and are there any examples of code available to develop the MAM on the XDK and RuuviTag for the Tangle?
A blockchain is a specific type of DAG, true or false?
Why does IOTA use Winternitz signatures?
Should be numberOfInvalidTransactions 0?
Which platforms does the IOTA community use?
iri Node with Nelson not fully synced
'Host Unkown' when trying to connect to Sandbox
How to get the sender address from an IOTA transfer
Attach to Tangle Transaction
Are all your iotas moved to the new address when pressing "generate new address" in the light wallet?
Can I directly promote a transaction or shall I wait?
CCurl does POW via GPU?
Unable to get a transaction out there!
Can the official GUI IOTA wallet also delegate its PoW to a full node?
Roadmap: How to avoid address reuse with automatic snapshots?
MAM message encryption
Change public nodes to perma nodes
IOTA transaction confirmation confidence
How does the IOTA wallet determine confirmed transactions
Ever need new seed?
Getting tips transactions hashes
What is the difference between Swarm Client vs Core Client vs Light Client?
crypto documentation for iota?
How to get iota out of an address that has already been used twice?
What are address metadata hashes?
Is bundle's tip transaction always the tail transaction
Interpretation of getNeigbors cmd output
How are replays avoided? And, is this an effective way to spam the network?
Walking the tangle—How to get the parents?
How does Curl-P's copy protection feature work?
What happens with transactions e and f in this example?
IRI node syncing very slowly
How can I be sure that I connect to a valid node?
Iota donation address and security
Why were hash collisions unimportant?
Compute key digest for multi sig wallet
How to get the cumulative weight (and score, height, depth) of a transaction?
Is there a list of all IOTA addresses with non-zero balances?
Flash channels compared to Raiden
IOTA full-node network
Can an address be used to encrypt data?
How does the light node handle funds on multiple addresses?
How to get child transactions?
What is the initial own weight of a transaction in IOTA?
Can't make a transaction. Request Error: Couldn't get a response from nodes
What is a transactions obsoleteTag used for?
Why is the normalized hash considered insecure when containing the char 'M'
How is ensured that a message sent in a transaction is immutable?
Wallet doesn‘t show correct Balance
How is the initial own weight of any transaction calculated?
Exchange Winternitz one-time signatures
What does 'USX' (was 'GPW') mean when switching wallets?
Pending Questions
How will the data marketplace protect data privacy?
I'm running a full node. How can I help speed up other people's transactions?
Full Node Setup Questions- IPv6 & Using AWS As Static IP Service
Sending IOTA Question
Can one send a zero value transaction from any address to any address?
How to send data payload and funds in a secure/immutable way?
Reasons for: "Transaction resolves to incorrect ledger balance" in IRI (1.4.1.6)
What are the length for address and seed
Priority spam tx?
How to get this transaction confirmed using the api
Iota Whitepaper: What is "k" in Section 3?
Finding a double-spending inner conflict referencing two tips
IOTA Whitepaper: What is N in Section 3?
Does the Tangle enforce a tip-selection algorithm?
Full node resyncs every time we 'attach to tangle' and it take a long time
IOTA Whitepaper: What is δ?
Pyota: prepare_transfer
IOTA Whitepaper: What is n in Section 4?
MAM Issue:TypeError: Transaction.quietFromHash is not a function
IOTA Whitepaper: What is z in Section 4.1?
IOTA lightwallet, transaction confirmed, address not attached to tangle, balance 0
IOTA testnet setup
What needs to be done to backup the IOTA wallet?
What's the difference between the 3 security levels when generating an address from a seed?
IOTA Whitepaper Math Section 4.1: Am I calculating this right?
Wallet UI turns black after sending
How do full nodes verify that a transaction has been confirmed by the Coordinator?
Where is the IOTA-Data-MarketPlace API?
Full node influence on scalability
For the past month, I haven't been able to get this transaction to go through
How will IoT devices know the state of the network?
Where can I find neighbours for testnet?
What is the Actual IOTA Algorithm for Tip Selection?
What is the "main" reason for using Winternitz signatures?
Why are MIOTA transferred to the same wallet and then do not appear anymore?
Getting error: "Invalid Response: The deployment could not be found"
Invalid Response when attaching to tangle
What restricts the growth of the "tangle"
My Iota got transferred without my consent
Why does the official CLI app generate a new address when asked to check balances?
How do I know my full node is "strong"?
When are transactions stored (to disk)?
Spam consequence on perma-nodes?
How to validate bundle hash
Address length requirements
Does a wallet actually verify or validate two other transactions?
Why does IRI accept „broken“ bundles?
Sharding/swarms
Payments & Smart Contracts
Will the network and nodes be distributed after coordinator removed?
Snapshot pending transactions address strike through line
What does deterministic mean for getNewAddress
getNewAddress error Error: Invalid Response In IOTA
getNewAddress error Error: Invalid Response:
How is the association between an address and its balance implemented?
Why does the tangle exhibit clumping?
Confirming attaching to Tangle
Why are the first 2 characters of my tag altered?
How does the POW change with the number transactions in a bundle?
How to save the bundle trytes to reattach after a snapshot?
Why do confimed transactions rates vary to such a high degree?
Data Marketplace Piracy
Minimum requirements to run a full node?
Most important languages to build an app on IOTA
Clarify inner workings of the snapshot
The smallest unit in IOTA is 1 Iota. Is it divisable? Can a fraction of an IOTA be used?
How to upgrade a full node after a snapshot?
Snapshot - Exact Point in Time
How to use domain instead of IP for my fullnode?
What if Nobody Will Run a Full Node?
Caching account data
Python API - Reattaching transactions after snapshot
Understanding getTransactionsToApprove
Why is this transaction not rejected by nodes?
Automatically reattachment and promotion of iota transactions
How to attach an address to tangle programmatically?
Is this an official source of the IOTA wallet?
Scalability of IOTA network and nodes
How does a new user verify he's getting the correct tangle?
How to do POW in local in Node js?
What happens to nonce in transactions?
Resource meterial for development purpose
What is the "latestSolidSubtangleMilestone"?
How does IOTA solved the FLP impossibility?
Attaching an address to the tangle via the API
On average, what % of my private key is compromised on the first address re-use, and what exponential effect does it have on security?
Distribution of Number of Approvers
Using Tails as USB Wallet - Is it safe?
How to use Cli-Wallet with a custom node?
How can I start developing IXI Modules?
How would I listen for a set of transactions?
specific reason tip-choice for trunk and branch?
Specifics of the Kerl Hash Function
Is double spending possible in IOTA?
IOTA OSI layer 4 protocol?
How do you find addresses with balance with the seed?
Why are Oyster Pearl's transactions clumping like this, and not getting confirmed? Is this an issue with the tip selection algo?
Cli-Wallet is not running. How to fix it?
How to find a transaction without full ID
Cli-Wallet error: COMMAND attachToTangle is not available on this node
How do I enable my fullnode to do POW?
GPU Proof-of-work
Running Multiple Full Nodes on 1 Machine
Can a smart contract make calls (e.g. web service calls) to outside of the network?
Why do I always have to reattach each transaction?
What's the incentive to use recommended tip selection algorithm for MAM transactions?
How is the association between a seed and its addresses implemented?
Checking current balance via older address
What happens to a Subtangle if it attaches to an invalid transaction?
Address sweeper in Flash
What does "Inconsistent subtangle" mean?
How to start a new offline subtangle?
How does IOTA detect inconsistency?
Iota ZeroMQ consumer
Difference between node and site
what could be the best practices to allow user signup and login for a application using IOTA as a base?
(WebJS) MAM Channels using Channel ID's
How can IOTA detect local tangle corruption?
Can I check that my SEED generated the address? Missing coins!
Are there any security considerations regarding running full node?
Is a permanode required for performing a snapshot?
What does "invalid consistency" mean?
What's the size of the Merkle Tree of Masked Authenticated Messaging?
What's the point of using the Merkle Tree in MAM instead of just single private key?
How does the coordinator sign milestones without compromising the private key?
invalid consistency problem
Will allowing light wallets to manually connect to server increase the risk of DDoS?
Why confirming 2 previous transactions instead of 1 or 3, 4, 5?
Pending Transaction
Any experience of IOTA on embedded devices?
How to connect cli-app with IOTA Javascript Library
Installing IOTA wallet fails at "npm start"
Persistence of important data on the Tangle
How exactly are transactions verified and confirmed in IOTA
How is address reuse prevented in the current wallet implementation?
Security implications of storing seed on Trezor password manager
What is the significance of being connected by an unknown neighbor?
findTransaction not finding tag
Why not switch to NIST SHA3
Why is the bundle hash normalized?
What is the benefit of dropping random packets and/or dropping random cached message data?
Is IOTA a mesh network or more like a conventional star/tree network?
Any known issues running CarrIOTA Field and CarrIOTA Nelson on the same server?
How to create multiple wallet addresses for a single node?
Iota White paper section 4.4. Random walkers
What is a conflicting transaction?
Is it really safe?
How does address reuse prevention affect scalability?
What is the purpose of numWalks API parameter?
Why is tipcount 0 after restart?
How can I determine whether my node is successfully connected to CarrIOTA Field?
Error when starting CarrIOTA Field: invalid value for upstreamProxy: "localhost:NaN"
Coordinator Address is Hard-Coded - Secure?
What can be done when a transaction has been pending for a long time and reattaching and promoting has not helped?
Why would PoW not be enabled by default in full-node installation instructions?
How does MAM handle key exchange to initiate secure data messaging?
Why aren't timestamps validated?
Does the chance of getting your transaction confirmed increase with faster CPU?
Is it intended that getTransactionsToApprove can possibly return non-tips as well?
How to enable debugging on IRI?
Why are three trits in a tryte?
What is the purpose of including extra CRC32 packet data in the TCP/IP communications flow?
Can I use the same code to connect to PoWbox as Sandbox?
Where can I find the Genesis transaction?
Are Asynchronous Byzantine Fault Tolerance and Partition Tolerance mutually exclusive?
What are the `attachmentTimestampLowerBound` and `attachmentTimestampUpperBound`fields?
How do new CarrIOTA nodes actually discover an existing one?
Why choose to use weights in the tangle?
Are there entities that can submit transactions without having to approve a tip?
Is it possible to discover the IP addresses of all nodes in the IOTA network?
sendTransfer() 'Invalid transaction hash' when running mainnet but fine on testnet
findTransactionObjects() call returning empty array when searching for tag
Very high index addresses, will they limit scalability?
Why is this message coming when I am trying to send
What is ICT (IOTA controlled agent)?
Why does IOTA use a post-quantum signature scheme?
No way to have an IRI 1.4.2.2 fullnode synchronized
How would a use case in health care look like, compared to the financial side of IOTA?
"The Tangle" white paper: How the probability of double-spending event end with this approximation (t_0 μ)/w_1?
IOTA Winternitz Signature Scheme Details
Does anyone use the private IOTA network in their organisation?
How is the correct way to retrieve the two transactions that had been confirmed in order to create a transaction
Building the mam.client.js (actually the iota-bindings)
PyOTA for beginners
Is PyOTA Sandbox up?
Why is JINN Ternary?
How is the PoW in IOTA "better" than in Bitcoin?
Tangle and transaction explorer
How to find all the messages of the TXs of an Address?
Have my IOTAs gone after two consecutive snapshots?
MAM: What is the purpose of the nonce in the masked_payload?
IXI module: Error debugging
Risk of "attachToTangle" enabled on remote iri?
IoTA full node setup done but all transactions pending
How much memory is needed on a full-node?
How to setup Full Node with IXI MAM?
Snapshot notification
MAM: Is the bundle, used to create masked payload signature, not normalized?
If part of a data stream does not confirm, is that data corrupted?
How many transaction per second are registered by a full node?
What does the number behind "synced?" mean?
Is it important to remove swarm nodes?
IOTA Documentation: which one is the official one?
Creation of a DAG on a network?
IOTA Multisig with one Signer
IOTA and monetary policy
MAM: Can stored data in restricted mode be revoked at any time?
Access my IOTA balance to send and receive
When and how is computed the attachment timestamp (and its upper/lower bounds)
What is Zero Message Queue? (ZMQ or ØMQ)
Can MAM use non-zero value transactions?
Light node: difference between IRI repo and iota.lib.java?
How to check if my neighbors are synced
How can I use IOTA in Arduino Mega?
How to use IOTA with a TTN network (of LoRa nodes)?
What smart contract language does IOTA use?
Problem uploading message to Tangle
My IOTA balance is not correct
If the bundleHash is normalized how is the private key is revealed
How do I send a transaction using only POST requests?
Why were 4-byte integers chosen as the best way of storing individual trits within IOTA software?
maybe lost funds
Transfer from Multisg into normal address
Is there an IOTA PHP library?
Nelson 0.4.0 crash
What happens when I send a transaction to myself?
IOTA API error when making send transaction call with Node.js client library
How can I interpret these node statistics?
Tip selection algorithm used for data transactions
Remove the necessity of Milestones
Which bundles are attached to the tangle when closing a Flash Channel?
Is it possible to create transactions that require less POW
How to send a sidekey securely to the subscriber for my channel
how to relate computing power of attacker to transaction rate of attacker?
IRI gets stuck after a while
Validation of Transaction
How to sign a data transaction?
How to send a PGP encrypted message to the IOTA tangle?
Signature Aggregation
PearlDiver: why are these values hard-coded?
Where can someone view the source code for the new Trinity wallet?
What does a node do if the two selected tips it has to validate are inconsistent?
What prevents someone from using a Precomputed POW Spam Attack against the network?
Can a bundle be 3 transactions for security level 1?
How to compute the % of network computing power the attacker hold?
Unique SideKey for each individual message in Restricted mode
Claiming my Iota Balance
How do I generate an IOTA address from a given seed in Javascript without making an HTTP(s) requst?
What are the differences between Qubic smart contracts and Ethereum smart contracts?
How to stream XDK 110 data via MAM
What happens if we generate a "seed" that already exists?
How do real world applications deal with IOTA snapshots?
What are the parents of the first transactions after a snapshot?
Latency in transaction confirmation is usual?
Maximum how many possible characters to transfer in a message?
Why do I need to create an IOTA instance to use the library functions?
Do we need "micro-payment channels" for IOTA similar to Bitcoin or Ethereum?
Interacting with IOTA from mobile application?
Benefits of confirmed 0-value transactions?
Is it possible to detect from which node a transaction was issued?
How to verify a transactions sent by permanodes?
How are nodes incentivised to be honest when approving transactions?
What exactly is "IOTA eXtensible Interface" (.ixi modules)?
Why does the least significant trit come first?
Is it possible to use "Flash channels" to send non-transactional data?
Do nodes reject a spam of zero-value transactions from a single node if it's getting too much?
Decode signature_message_fragment with utf-8
IOTA get all transactions for wallet/address programmatically js
Decentralized milestone issuance scheme?
Can iota.api.getTransfers() get specific transactions?
Inclusion State - when true?
When is a transaction valid?
Why can I specify a length in Curl.squeeze?
Invalid Transactions - Do those make a node bad?
What is Qubic exactly? A programming language? An IOTA Smart Contract?
The "road-map" for when the IOTA Tangle reaches sufficient size?
supporting privacy and private transactions in IOTA?
What determines the various shapes that show on the Tangle Explorer?
When would it be required to intentionally partition the Iota transaction graph?
As per "The Stability and the Security of the Tangle", how will IOTA ensure that all honest nodes are continuously using their hashing power?
When can a transaction be considered irreversable? (without COO)
What is the exact stitching process that is being done on the tangle and side-tangle and who is doing it?
What is the lower limit of energy usage for an IOTA transaction?
How is authenticity of data gathered by Iota guaranteed?
How is the Iota software updated on nodes?
How is the secrecy of the Iota seed maintained on IoT devices?
is udp or tcp neighbour connection encrypted?
How to set an IOTA node for the Data Markeplace?
Is Java MAM Coming?
How to get IOTA testnet tokens and who distributes them in the first place?
Are inbound/outbound Iota connections encrypted?
Wallet 2.5.7- latest snapshot - unknown new addresses between old addresses
What happens to the Iota network if the coordinator vanishes?
Why is anyone with API access allowed to cancel the 'attachToTangle' operation of another user?
In IRI version 1.5.2, is the prevention of lazy tip selection a further entrenchment of the Coordinator?
What could an adversary do with the seed of the coordinator?
Can the coordinator be found or identified?
With IRI version 1.5.2, how does the prevention of lazy tip selection change the tangle's partition tolerance?
If the coordinator were to be identified or located, what attacks could be carried out against it?
What IRI API commands should only be executed on a node that is synced to the latest milestone?
JOTA - How to verify PoW is being done?
If someone were to find a Proof of Work collision, could they pin the tail of the tangle to the head?
JOTA - Use of Servers
Side-tangle and its solution
What has been the growth rate of tangle confirmation rate until today?
what does "AMA" mean in IOTA?
Pertaining to the required sequence, how can the requested transaction hash be the same as the received transaction hash?
Why is the requested hash size 46 bytes when the transaction hash size is 243 bytes?
What is the blowball problem and what causes it?
How will Trinity or any other IOTA wallet keep up with hundreds of local snapshots per day?
What would happen, if two different transactions with the same hash get published simultaneously?
Immutability in IOTA: How to be sure a transaction is not "removable" from Tangle?
Permanent storage of transaction Tag and signatureMessageFragment?
Is there any way to tell if a transaction was produced by a multi-signature process?
Purging lazy neighbors - When does this happen and how?
Large Weight Attack - does the Coordinator protect against this?
What is the absolute minimum cumulative weight that a transaction must have to be considered confirmed by a vendor?
We are several years into IOTA - why can't the Coordinator source code be made public?
Economic Clustering and need for (Dezentralized) Coordinators?
Is the fastest confirmation time limited by the frequency of the Coordinator issued Milestones?
What is the confirmation distribution type that is shown here on traviota.iotalt.com?
Is part of the address private key revealed when the user reattaches a failed transaction?
IOTA not a blockchain but uses directed acylic graph (DAG) which is what ethereum ethhash is based on (dagger)
How do I decode the value (eg. 10i) in the signatureMessageFragment?
Why is the Coordinator necessary if its confirmations will be rejected by other nodes if it acts maliciously?
How does the IOTA Foundation determine if a spend is a typo or a real spend?
How do I do remote POW with iota.js
How to find earliest confirming (referencing) milestone for the confirmed transaction?
When I lose 2FA for Trinity do I still have access using my Seed?
Credits for the Pub/private key pair generation design in IOTA
Missing from Wallet
Finalizing bundle fails
Removing pending transactions or not after local snapshot?
Possibility of sending a IOTA transaction from a "micro-controller"?
Possibility of installing IOTA on a micro-controller?
Cannot start IOTA HUB
Adress reuse with zero value transactions
Sort transactions in temporal order
Cant log in with trinity wallet deskop on Win 10 64bit
Raspberry Pi3 light node initialization error
Converting bytes to trites using IOTA libraries
Given a tail transaction hash, can it returns multiple bundles by calling `get_bundles`?
with local snapshotting what is minimum amount of hd space you need?
Mass pending transactions - Can be done without seed/private key?
What is the Pearldiver?
Is it able to fetch transactions from previous snapshot via api?
how to resolve "throw new ERR_INVALID_CALLBACK()"?
What does the new parameter 'reference' do in sendTrytes?
impact of a single double-spend to the network
How will you know if your node is synced post Coordinator removal?
what happen if we are in an untrusted network
Is MAM encrypted message has perfect secrecy?
How many bytes do I need to store an IOTA seed?
physical clock or logical clock for timestamping
Trinity wallet - Keychain error on MacOS
How is the Gossip Protocol, which is used by IOTA, classified?
findTransactionObjects returning an empty array when searching for a valid bundle hash
Which feature/s will avoids SPAM or massive invalid transactions in a IOTA network?
List of tutorials and sources to start developing on IOTA
Does IOTA have block finality (at the moment)?
Use of addresses
Incentives to Run a Full Node
Sybil attack with IOTA?
Real incentives for running a full node?
Where did the Wikipedia page for IOTA go?
IOTA network actual usage
How to understand if a transfer is an ingoing or an outgoing one by calling getAccountData?
How are random walk entry transactions chosen in a coo-free tangle?
Is the IOTA Coordinator and Milestones similar to Bitcoin checkpoints?
IOTA and Tangle relation
Tip selections and acceptance
How does Trinity know if an address is being reused on a fresh install AND a new Snapshot?
Without Coordinator issued Milestones, how will a post-COO node know if it is in sync?
When will the 1,048,577th Milestone happen using the current issuance schedule?
Is there a way to access a list of all bundles?
How can the transactions in the Tangle be ordered temporally?
Integrating IOTA into UNITY
getAccountData returns undefined
Relativity of simultaneity in observing the best confirmed double-spend in a COO-less Tangle
ZeroMQ subscription to address not working
toTrytes() does not work
Transaction is inconsistent. Reason: tails are not consistent
How to install IOTA in a small device supports LoraWAN?
How to use "iota.lib.js.powsrvio" via a small device supports LoraWAN?
Enable ZMQ in docker IRI node
IOTA and LoraWAN: Proof of Concept of storing data in the Tangle
Kerl Hash Function: why is the squeezing phase modified?
Hub Build fails
How can I fork MAM channel?
Is it possible to extende IRI to answer to an HTTP GET?
Does Iota share its consensus algorithm with google ai?
How many confirmations are required for funds to be received?
iota-workshop functions on devnet only
Does Broadcasting a Bundle on Both MainNet and TestNet Facilitate Brute Forcing the Seed?
Querying iota from browser or non-full-node
How can I make my Bluetooth enabled IOT device sign a transaction so that POW and everything else can be done by another device?
How to attach a message multiple times (say 200 times) with the tangle using MAM
Cracking seed with list of addresses and indexes
Making An Offline Transaction At The NodeJS Console
What is the propagation time in IOTA?
IOTA API command to request transaction details
how to use NTRU key exchange in IOTA
IOTA "C" version (CClient) and feasibility of signing transactions on ESP32?
how to trace the iota tip from the milestone transaction when there is no reference to the future transactions
Best Place To Post Tutorial Announcement
How can I get back my balance showing in my IOTA wallet?
IOTA Trinity Wallet Installation fails
Iota dollar balance not displayed
Where to ask for IOTA representation as a US Citizen
Coordicide: Would using public key encryption as a mechanism for node identity impact Iota's quantum resistance?
Problem with my IOTA balance in Trinity Wallet
Problem Compiling IXI
How do I keep IOTA secure?
Tangle explorer transaction value
Is it possible to secure the data of an IOT idevice in an ICS by using MAM?
How secure is storing IOTA in Ledger Nano S?
What is an “apiEndpoint” in poc-ipfs config file
IOTA Seed less then 81 characters
How is the IOTA project now? Can we use it for a real project?
What are the cryptographic functions in IOTA(Tangle)
Getting new address without index
Why does Iota try to roll its own crypto?
What is the correct way to write "Hello, World!" to the tangle?
Transaction confirmation timestamp
How to return Tx Hash when sending transaction
balance equals to zero when reinstalling app
How to get the current address of a fetched MAM mesage object?
Are messages sent with transactions in Trinity public?
Could an address theoretically be signed from any seed?
How to get a list of transactions related to an an address using js?
how to put use require and iota/core in the html client
