Reference for a hadith about the courage and bravery of the Prophet Muhammad (PBUH)
Is it permissible to take donations for a free app?
Does Prophet Muhammad (pbuh) know everything?
Who are 313 main soldiers of Imam Mahdi?
Inheritance division
Is Anime series halal or haram?
Does Islam require that its followers enforce Islamic Government ruled by Sharia?
Is it permissible to work in the company that distributes movies?
Marriage between a Shia boy and a Sunni girl
Do the timings of my sunnah salaat at home depend on the adhaan in the masjid?
Are my tattoos and other acts committed during a period of disbelief going to be forgiven?
How can I show that Jesus (pbuh) is not a god to Christian friend using Quran as guidance?
Should we say 10 rakat sunnat moqada prayer at the Friday prayers?
What is Ayatollah Khamenei's ruling regarding men wearing short trousers in front of women (in streets or parties)?
Will there be creatures/beings after humanity?
Khula: Is there an iddah period if no sex took place?
Is killing a homosexual a sin (haram)?
What is/are the Arabic word for the God?
Is repentance allowed after major signs of end times?
Is it allowed to read namaz with a non mehram?
Is doggie style sex allowed?
Is there a waiting period after zina before getting married?
Is it haram to read an unlicensed copy of a book?
How long to wait after sunrise before offering fajr prayer?
Is a man allowed to deny his wife sexually?
Shall we stop (or delay) our jobs when someone sneezes?
Is motherhood the defined position for women?
Is the nikkah still valid if the wife hasn't come to the husband's house and spent an entire night with another man?
If Istikhara is used for marriage purposes, what would be the outcome of the result?
Is Polygamy still accepted in Islam
Is it halal to design or sell a phone (which can access porn, music, games, etc.)?
How to repent for stealing in my childhood?
Is it okay to get married then a year or so later tell the parents?
Is it lawful to do business with non-Muslim businesses like Sainsbury and Tesco?
Can anyone translate these pictures for me?
Biology In Islam - Reproduction
Turning my (illicite?) civil union into marriage
Eating non-halal
When was the first word "Kafir" / "Kuffar" reveal in the quran? and which surah?
What to do if clothes have dried urine on them?
Are non-Muslims discouraged from wearing traditional Muslim clothes?
Why do we greet with "AS-SALA-MU-ALIKUM" instead of "SALA-MUN-ALY-KUM"?
Isn't it unfair that the bad jinns or devils or shaitans instigate humans but the devils are instigated by none?
Eating a meal prepared by non-muslim
How to perform Qaza salat (namaz)?
How is there a fixed destiny if we have free will?
Does the Koran condemn homophily or (the practise of) homosexuality?
Is oxygen shots/bar allowed in Islam
If I stay 6 months abroad, do I pray qasr salat?
Can I earn interest from 457 plan?
Sex from behind question
Why Allah choose to create some human physically different?
Sunni - Is it obligatory for a Muslim to adhere to one specific School of Thought (Madhhab)?
Is it haram to talk to a non-mahram if he intends to marry me after I get divorced?
Is it a sin to laugh in Islam?
As we can not trim or alter our eyebrows, what about the hair in between (unibrow)?
Is it true that any haram food that we consume, our Dua's do not get accepted for 40 days?
Rent payments with redemption
Can someone marry to the Step Mother's sister?
When The First Death Happen?
Religion and beliefs
Are 'vocals only' nasheeds of Maher Zain permissible to listen to?
Does Islam perceive the Christian Trinity as Jesus, Mary, and Joseph?
What is the Difference between Salat and other ibadah from another religion? Regarding find peace
is it true that Islam Spread by the Sword? or Declared many War?
What is the meaning of "by authority" in Surah Ar-Rahman ayat 33?
Are there gods unworthy of worship?
What is ruling related to 'Forefinger rule' of prayers?
Should I say two rakat or four rakat salat before faraz salat?
Is it allowed to store pictures of living things in Digital format?
Authentic Dua for increasing memory
Why Allah has not destroyed iblees/shaitan till now?
Winning meal by betting is halal or haram
What if I offer prayer while having pictures in my pocket?
Are we encouraged to contribute (money and code) to open source software or games?
What is the Arabic word for "Demon" and "Angel"?
What does "Rasul" means?
Is helping a female in a accident allowed
Is hurting an animal for self defense allowed in Islam?
What if the thief refuses to admit?
Is it haram to get to seek information for an exam from somebody who already took the exam?
Is it obligatory to supplicate after salah?
Is there a punishment for a woman who enters marriage and hides her prior sexual experience from the husband?
Relationship before nikah
Who can we call a musafir (Traveller)?
Isn't 42:13 saying that Islam should be established in the entire world?
No relationship between husband and wife from three years
Accusing a person of rape?
What should Muslim do when they forgot to offer shalat?
Why is interest such a bad thing? And is this forbiddance still relevant in the modern age?
Is it necessary for a woman to marry?
Will my adha salat be in order if I skip 3 qaza salat and pray it later?
Is marriage acceptable without the presence of a third party witness?
Would accepting a Christmas bonus make me hypocritical?
What does Islam say about changing one's citizenship to protect our family's faith?
Exposing awrah to the ground when praying
In surah Ar-Rum 30:23, what does "signs for people who listen" mean?
If I rush does my salah become Qaza?
Which dua after wudhu is correct?
Is nikah without sex though with foreplays valid or void?
Sitting in front of a person praying namaz (salah)
Can I use pirated software for work with the intention of buying it once I make enough money?
What does "made you peoples and tribes" mean in Qur'an 49:13?
Authenticity of the prophets?
Challenge of the quran
Why do Muslims say "As-salamu 'alaykum" (plural -kum), even when only one person is addressed?
Is marriage without the woman or her family present allowed by Islamic sharia?
What form were Adam and Eve created in?
Does Islam allow killing of Innocent individuals, if the tribe has committed some crime?
Is it wrong to support a couple who are gays and not Muslims?
Homosexuality sin or not?
What does Islam say about drawing pictures of people or taking photos?
If I wear dirty clothes, then wear clean clothes and do wadu, am I considered pure?
Difference between 7 skies and position of the heavens?
If I have urine on my clothes but do not know it?
Is Hijama(Cupping) related to black magic?
Searching for a quote or saying in Islam
How can there be prophets in jannah and a lot of woman in jahannam before the day of judgement?
Did Muslims behead males of Banu Qurayza?
Celebration of Eid ul Adha for a vegan muslim
Can a temple be built in place of a Masjid?
Heaven on Earth?
Are human-strain probiotics halal?
Does Islam restrain/prohibit Jews from to pray in a mosque?
What is the way to win over lust, anger, fear, tension, ego?
Islamic View of Veganism
Zero Interest is causing me more harm than riba, is it the right choice?
Who decides who can carry out executions of those who mock the Prophet Mohammad?
What is the Islamic position on artificial intelligence?
Does a person's religion influence their behaviour?
Will Gautama Buddha reside in Jannah after judgment?
Do people know of their death in advance?
Why are we being tested?
Is deleting the Qur'an from a computer prohibited?
Does Allah speak to people directly?
What is the meaning of the division of the Quran into Surahs?
How do I pay back the debt I owed to my deceased mother?
When you are asking for forgiveness for the sins that you have committed, how do you know if you have been forgiven?
Is all alcohol haram or just ethanol which is used in alcoholic beverages?
Context for "there is a Jew behind me, come and kill him"
Are all non-Jewish/Christian/Muslim people kafirs?
Is nikah permissible with a foster sister or brother?
Do we have to say 'Allahu Akbar' loudly in every rakat of every salat?
Why are depictions of The Prophet offensive?
How did ibn Saud have so many wives?
What is the meaning of this Arabic tawiz?
Is it haram to pray in the complete opposite direction?
Naming a girl baby by using the 99 names of Allah?
Alcohol in medicine
How to create interest in prayers?
Is it haram to choose to never marry?
Is Ramadan the only reason Islam uses lunar calendar?
Is Prophet Muhammad a perfect and infallible role model?
Are Mecca and Becca the same places?
Do Muslims view Muhammad as more important than Jesus?
Who can call another person an apostate?
Are people who are born Christians but become atheists regarded as Christians by Muslims?
Does the Quran have The sentence: "An Eye for An Eye"?
Is it a sin if one unintentionally had pork (or anything haram)?
Is there anything wrong with postponing Ramadan fasting until a time of the year when days are shorter?
Is pornography allowed in Islam?
Is it permissible to work in a financial institution, if you work in a role that does not directly deal with riba?
Is it permissible to take a supplement that contains an ingredient derived from pork?
Under what conditions does Allah accept a jama'at prayer?
Can service dogs be kept indoors?
Is it allowed for an Islamic state to demand ransom from non-Muslims?
What are the materials used for tayammum?
Apart from Arabic, is there such a thing as "Islamic languages"?
What is the name of the decorative circle around verse numbers?
Is it allowed for a Jew to pray in mosques?
Can a woman marry another man after one divorce
Ghusul after sex
Does Islam promote, and or enforce stereotypes on males and females?
Why did Mohammad had a special privilege of marriage?
What is the general ruling on baduas? ( making negative duas on someone )
Is Allah's name complete without diacritics?
What if the property-owner gives his property to someone else other then his son?
Is "May our lives be sacrificed" a set Muslim phrase?
Is self-defense mandatory for a Muslim?
Is it permitted to desecrate a flag containing the shahada?
Why the most disliked places on Earth are the bazaars?
Is it permissible to celebrate or participate in other religion festivals?
Is any passage in the Qur'an incompatible with US law?
Who can be a mahram for hajj?
Tabari 9:69 "Killing Unbelievers is a small matter to us" The words of Muhammad, prophet of Islam
Is there a concept of "nullification" of forbidden substances in Halal dietary laws?
Is "Allah" hidden in the ayah frequences in the Koran?
Wearing Hijab at school
Is it allowed for someone to say "I am Muhammad"?
Zakat for startups
Is academic writing for students Halal?
What is the Iddah (waiting period) after Khula for a girl living with her parents for last one year?
Is "Abdul Athif" an appropriate name for a Muslim?
What are the principle/fundamental differences between Sunni and Shia?
Is taking hostages permitted in Islam?
Is Daesh predominantly Salafi?
Is it halal to select an exchange rate to benefit my salary?
Is it necessary to repeat Qunut if I missed a rak'at in the Fajr prayer?
Ruling on 4 rakah sunnah before zuhar fard. can we make 2 before and 2 later than fard?
Is reciting 'salat o salam' in mehfil(gathering) allowed in Islam?
Is it permitted to claim a deduction on income taxes for charitable donations?
is it a good idea or allowed to give money as sadqah when i don't have much?
Is the sunna pre-Fajr prayer before the Fajr adhan?
Should one pray after 'Asr?
What is the sunnah way to a morning routine?
Is dowry allowable in Islam?
Why is Holy Quran in Arabic?
Is it allowed to cross in between two persons offering namaz?
How do I treat a kaafir?
How to control anger according to sunnah?
Can I use this material for tayammum?
Ruling on celebration of birth; Is the term 'Bidah' applicable here?
Is working in insurance company allowed if the Sharia Council of that country has approved it to be following Sharia rules?
Can I use multani mud bar for tayammum?
Love of same gender
Does transitioning from male to female go against Islam?
In what way and why did Allah give special favours to Bani Israel?
Attitude toward a sinner
Borrowed a small amount
How to love saying prayers / Salah / namaz?
Where to find linguistic tips on quranic translations?
YOGA IN ISLAM - is it allowed or not?
Are Yajuj and Majuj (Gog Magog) humans?
Is sex chatting on Facebook zina?
Where does the music of reading Quran comes from?
Is a congregational prayer valid if the Imam isn't in his own row?
Why we shouldn't take non Muslims as a friend?
Should I stop visiting my relative's house because they drink alcohol there when I'm not present?
Is Music produced by computer's Halal?
Is it allowed to wear silk mixed cotton cloths
Can nikah be performed when the bride is having her mensus?
Is there any equivalent of the Shivoham experience in Islam?
Concept of Giant in Islam?
If my husband does not divorce me, is it possible for me to divorce him? Can I say 'I divorce myself'?
Is blood money a religious or cultural practice, and would it apply in Indonesia?
Is Dabiq town really prophesized in Islamic Escatology for the end time war?
Who has the right to name the baby, father or mother?
What are the rights of un-married girls to choose husband in Islam?
Quran with original manuscript evidence
Can Muslim men marry Jewish or Christian women?
What is good book to start learning about the Seerah of Prophet Muhammad (SAW)?
What did Prophet Muhammad mean by “Seek knowledge even as far as China"?
Ruling of raising hands in Du'a before Taslim
What is the meaning of "Let my parents be sacrificed for you" in Hadith?
Whose death in Surat An-Nisa' 4/159?
Surat Al `Imran 3/55 about the death of Jesus(puh)
Does Islam support pedophilia or child marriages?
Why Matam by Shias when maximum mourning period is 4 months?
Is satire on the Quran allowed?
Can this be called a Hadith?
What is the difference between Salat and Salah?
If a person goes against the law, should I report him?
What will happen to people that never had any Prophet in their times to guide them on the day of the judgement?
Does Islam oppress women?
What makes halal slaughter really halal?
Is there any effect of mehendi (henna) scraps on wuzo (ablution)?
Is tipping in a hotel with the intent of zakat acceptable?
What is the meaning of Surah Bani-Israel ayat 26?
Can we praise other people?
Why does the Hijri calendar continue indefinitely?
Why Allah filled the oceans with sea water and not with fresh water?
Why can't we see jinn when they're created from FIRE...?
Was Prophet Eesa/Jesus (alaihas salaam) the second last prophet before Prophet Muhammad (pbuh)?
My husband divorced me in front of our parents out of anger. How to proceed from here?
Can I ask Allah to grant me a fictional character as my wife in Jannah?
Will only believing get me into jannah?
Does Allah give the human population exclusive right, to kill and eat any other baser animal life forms?
Is Lord Shiva a messenger of Allah? Is it blasphemy to claim so? Is it legit to place a bounty on the head of someone making this claim?
Can a Shi'ite girl do tayammum over makeup?
How to pray on bus?
From the Salafi perspective, is the prohibition of depictions of humans and animals retrospective?
Should I change my name as it is the name of an idol?
What's the earliest “acknowledgement” of Heliocentrism in Islam?
How is it known that the Holy Quran assumes knowledge of the Bible?
For those that claim that the Holy Quran expects you to know the Holy Bible, what proof do they have for that claim?
After separation and various attempts at a non-Islamic divorce, are we divorced in Sunni Islam?
True meaning of this ayat Qur'an 2:34?
Is the English meaning of عذاب really punishment?
Names of Allah Is it written Correctly
What's the difference between the word "al-bahra" and "al-yammi" in the Quran?
Is not informing someone that I hit their car by accident a sin?
How we should deal with people who offend islam and Muhammed(saw)?
How is the Gregorian week and the Islamic week aligned?
Swearing an oath to commit a sin?
Keeping left items from neighbours
Is the Qur'an allowed to be translated?
From the the Sunni Hanafi perspective, can the nafl prayers before Jumu'ah prayers be prayed after Jumu'ah prayers instead?
Should medical conditions be made known to a prospective spouse?
What criteria do Rawis ('narrators') of sahih hadith have to fulfil?
vaginal self-examination
Does kaza prayer have the same reward like faraz prayer?
Tafsir of Quran 5:89
What should i do for Jummah when at sea for 3-5 weeks?
Does 65:4 discuss an underage wife or simply a wife who is too old to menstruate?
What does Islam say about introverts?
Should I divorce my wife after discovering her past relations with other man?
What is hujjat? Who is hujjat of Allah now?
How to ask forgiveness from ALLAH because of telling a lie?
Will Allah forgive me for my sins (drinking and not regularly praying Salah)
Is lease allowed in Islam?
In Shia or Sunni Islam, may Muslims pray for non-Muslims?
Kissing thumbs and then touching eyes after Muhammad name
language difference in English translations of Qur'an
Hell is a place of Punishment or meaningless Torture?
Why do Sunni Muslims say that Ahmadis are not Muslims?
Hermaprodite in Islam
Dua between adhaan and iqama
According to which law would a Shia-Sunni couple divorce if nikah is according to Sunni law?
if women are not to be harmed in wars, how were there females taken as war booty?
About pre ejaculation fluid
Is it a sin to remain single?
Is it permissible to take false oath on Quran to save self honour/ self respect?
Can a sikh girl marry a muslim man if she converts?
Witr salat with isha and tahajud
Which of the following days of a week can I do voluntary fast?
Can we give used clothing as zakat instead of money?
Jesus was the only man since Adam born free of sin?
Is watching animated cartoons allowed?
Handsome boys in heaven
I'd like to know about Tahajjud Prayer in detail
Is it permissible for men to wear women's undewear because they are more comfortable and have better colors?
Is the word "jihad" specific to holy struggles or is it a generic word?
What is the etymology of the word "jihad?"
Is it permissible to kill a person in order to save my own life?
Who decided that the 6 Sahih Hadiths were reliable?
Is there a difference between a messenger and a prophet according to the Quran, Hadiths, or tradition?
What is the stance of Islam on blood transfusion?
Islamic way of sex
Is my ablution still valid?
How to ask for Allah's forgiveness for sex before marriage?
Question about Doa Yunus
Checking Hadith grading of narration of Abu Dhar in Musnad Ahmed
Benefits of reciting different sura
Did Allah speak to any other Messengers other than Moses Directly?
If a person is feeling jealous, what should they do?
Can we say Allah is time?
Wishing husband to be only mine in Jannah
What are the rules for reading 4 rak'a fard with jamat or alone?
Is playing games where you are the god haram?
Does working oneself to death count as suicide?
Is it universally agreed which surahs are Meccan and which are Medinan? If so, when did this agreement arise?
What is the time limit for Fajr prayer?
Why is violent punishment permitted in Islam?
Does gelatin in vitamins make them haram?
If sun rises at 7:30 then could I pray fajar at 7:25?
Can a Muslim man marry a non-Muslim (and non-Ahl-al-Kitab) woman?
Can slave woman show herself to her master?
"To lie" is a kind of polytheism?
Is forced slavery (cause of rapes) allowed in Islam?
Can there be a feminist Muslim women?
Why do dogs start barking/ howling at the time of Fajr Azan?
Can Satan or jinn do physical harm to a person?
Reference to these hadiths?
Is there a sharia punishment for spying on another Muslim's home to inspect for homosexuality?
Does Islam encourage the kissing of an elder person's hands and feet?
Difference between Riba and Rent
Definition of friendship in Islam
Can multiple people jointly sacrifice one animal for Eid ul-Adha?
Punishment for apostasy in Islam
Quran Recitation In Digital form
Can one submit to Allah without accepting Muhammad as his prophet?
Is wudu broken if a dog touches your trouser?
Can a mother give zakat to her unemployed and poor son?
What is the significance of number 3 in Islam?
I want to marry a woman but her father refuses, seemingly because I'm not Somali. What should I do?
How can the splitting of the moon be explained scientifically?
When did the Jews stop visiting the Kaaba?
What is a muslim prayer curtain?
Is it halal or haram to distribute a scanned copy of a copyrighted book?
Forty years between Al-Masjid-ul-Haram and Al-Aqsa?
Is it permissible to give Zakat in Islamic TV?
Does reciting fatiah and gifting rewards to the dead actually help them?
What is the entire meaning of Surat Ash-Sharĥ: Ayat 7-8?
Is it okay to be a Muslim and have a gay sex?
Property sharing by partners
Salat according to the Prophet
Is wudu necessary to offer namaz in Masjid e haraam?
Hadith about "Don't mess with us, and we won't mess with you"?
In eloquence there is magic explanation
Can divorce paper prepared by a lawyer with signatures of three witnesses and husband get a Shia couple divorced?
Did Jesus really appear to the disciples after resurrection?
Can I do sizdah (Sajdah) without salat?
Is `13` unlucky in Islam
Saving accounts - Investments - what is halal and what is not
What are the alternatives of Hajj?
Did the Prophet(pbuh) marry his wife "Maymunah" after the revelation of Quran 33:52?
Wearing Ihram from Masjid e 'Aisha while comming from madina to perform Umrah
What verses of the Qur'an urge veiling for men/women, and what is the justification?
Was the Quran always written with diacritics?
Why is making a picture of Mohammed disrespectful?
Muhammad, Mohammad, Muhammed, Mohammed, Mohamed, or Mohumed?
What are all the ways a hadith can be transmitted and what do they mean?
Authenticity of Ttibb nabawi Hadith
Can we say "Only 70000 of Muhammeds(pbuh) followers will enter Paradise"?
One sided bet In Islam
What's the overlap between Sufi Muslims and Sunni and Shiite Muslims?
Does Allah have emotions?
What does it mean by the marriage is valid but its condition is illegal?
Is marriage without a Wali for a divorcee woman valid?
What is the meaning of 'fitnah' in 2:191
How to remember the time for prayer and to fight the Satan whispering to us?
Does Islam have a hermetic background from ancient Babylon?
Notation of star before an ayah indicates?
Is walima (marriage banquet) neccesary?
What does Allah mean by "I am time"?
Can Prophet allow something temporarily after prohibiting it forever?
Is alcohol forbidden in Islam and written clearly in the Quran?
Is it sunnah to make athan outside of the mosque?
Bribery in a bad situation
Dreams in sufism (Sufi View)
A few questions about Islam and Allah - I don't understand
Important criteria for marriage in Islam
In The Qur'an is there an explanation of how "Existence" or "The Universe" began like in Genesis of The Bible?
How can we organize different types of activities in a day according to Islam?
Why should we accept Islam?
I committed a major sin, how to repent or is there any Dua for it?
Is it harm to curse (i.e., use swearwords)?
Why was Quran sent down?
What if you consume haram without knowing
Which festival is mentioned in Quran 20:59 as appointment of Pharaoh and Moses?
was-was whispers of satan getting out of control that making me miserble everyday please help me overcome them!
Turkish Sunni Muslims
Can a Turkish Sunni Muslim convert into Hindu?
Can a Hindu turned Muslim divorcee convert back to Hindu
What is the implications of auto-brewery syndrome in Islam?
How can I make my friends understand islam is the truth?
Does Islam believe in the revelation at Sinai
whats about insurrance schemes according to islam? is it consider as interest or not?
If you do not know what is haram how can you tell?
Is becoming a member of a network marketing business halal?
If sleep is a blessing, the people who sleep more are more blessed?
Does zina in iddah spoils iddah?
Can I talk to a deceased person in my mind?
Headscarfs and veils with respect to trans-gender-people?
Are houris really female? If yes, how can we understand that?
What is Isra' and Mi'raj?
Can Husband suck the milk of his wife?
why the good deeds of Muslims are rewarded more than a person belonging to the ummah of other prophets back in their times?
Piece of old "kiswa" (black cloth of kaba) hanging at home
Is it possible to pray Jamat with just myself and my wife?
Does fingering count as sexual intercourse?
Do most Muslims not acknowledge the beliefs of ISIS as a form of Islam?
Is there a sect in Islam that follows the the Quran to the exclusion of hadith?
Am I allowed to vote a woman into power?
Why are so many things prohibited by Allah?
I saw a Jinn while I was sleeping!
Is virginity defined by an intact hymen?
Are clip-in human hair or synthetic hair extenions halal? (Hanafi opinion)
Authenticity of a Hadith
Does Islam teach the circumcision of the breath?
is it appropriate to tell others my best friend is Allah?
Was Mohammed a Christian?
What do Muslims teach about the schism of faiths after Jesus Christ?
Why can't Muslim women shake hands with strange men?
What can be the reason behind natural disestar?
What should I say when I hear the death of a Muslim?
Can I marry my mother's elder sister's daughter's daughter?
Is stopping at the one of the two pairs of three dots compulsory?
How is free will justified with those who are raised in a bad environment?
Why do we say azan in the ear of a newborn?
Did Wahi stop coming or will it continue till the end?
Interest on the Savings account
Why are depictions of Mohammed approved of in Iran?
Is it forbidden to share food and drink from the same plate with friends who eat pork?
Are depictions of the prophet PBUH forbidden Islamically?
What to do with the Riba (interest) money?
Confusion in regards the spread of Islam!
How to compensate and give back what I've stolen?
Is this a sahih hadith: "They are those who accumulated wealth without differentiating between lawful and unlawful..."?
Relation between the Ahl Bayt and Ahlu Sunnah in the early days
If my husband takes me back, should I refund the money he gave me for the divorce?
On Judgement day, everything will be destroyed in the earth and heavens
Is Mutah allowed for the married persons?
Is crowd-funding Halal?
What does Istikhara really tell?
Is Iddah required if the couple has been seperate for a long time before divorce?
What are the "core" beliefs of Islam outside of the 5 pillars?
Is cracking wifi password Halal Or Haram
Questioning and thinking about Allah SWT
Did the companions of Prophet Isa (P.B.U.H) stay truthful to the original message?
Has judgement day happened before also?
importance of mosque in reforming community
If I follow a madhhab, must I follow them in all matters?
What is the meaning of "bi masabiha" in surah 67:5
Is Sharia Law only applicable to an Islamic state?
While I'm in my praying, can I say Dua in different languages?
Ruling on shaving the head?
Is a zero-sum deal halal?
Qibla direction
Is it haram to visit other religious places, e.g. temples and churches?
Was Torah the first complete shariah?
Prayer prohibiting immorality
can Allah go against his own revelation and test a soul beyond its limit?
Husbands rights to female friends according to Allah
Does anyone know the source of "Don't abuse other people's god"?
Is it a sin to write a verse or hadith incorrectly, and does this imply it's permissible to cheat on an Islamiat exam?
Playing in a soccer club
Is participating in surveys with rewards halal?
Can I eat something from Non Muslim when it could be a chance that it is from Interest Income
Are Shisha Pens Halaal?
Natural deseasters and how to interpret the verses about Allah's punishment?
Is it a sin to offer only fard salat?
Can my husband marry my niece, my sister's daughter?
Should we use "Jazak Allah khair" instead of "Shookran" or "Thanks"?
What does the Quran tell us about helping others?
How can I repent for thinking of praying like my non-Muslim friends, which I later learned could be considered shirk?
a specific verse in Ibn Ishaq's "Sirat Rasulallah" in Arabic
How should I perform prostration of forgetfulness (sujuud al-sahw) when I forget one rak'a in prayers
Tafseer of "لَعَلِيٌّ حَکيم / sublime and wise" (Shia view)
Is it haram to copy my friend's assignment and submit it?
Missed Prayer due to sometimes inability to keep wudu
Can I take loan for my mother's Hajj
Is indirect help to a riba business haram?
Praying Tahajjud in the summers. Can anyone give me some advice please
What is the proof that Islam is THE truth? How can I have 100% certainty?
What is soul made of; as per Islam?
What is the proper usage of the Takbir?
How can one check isnad?
will there be another world after this
What is the proof to pray Dzuhur/Asr silently? ALLAH in Al-Quran says 17/110
Does rocking back and forth during Tashahud invalidate the prayer?
Who is Quthubuzzaman?
Can we recite Durood while impure?
Is performing and learning magic tricks a sin?
Is masturbation Haram?
Pray for a non-Muslim when he/she dies
About selling things online
Hijri vs English Calendar. How old is Islam?
In Wahhabism who is called a Muslim?
I told a small lie to prevent trouble after swearing to God I would tell the truth; is it a sin and what do I do?
What happens in a Murabaha mortgage when the seller defaults?
How to divorce my husband
How is Qur'an 13:15 justified?
What are some mainstream Islamic perspectives on the fate of righteous disbelievers?
Does someone have to retake the shahada after deliberately eating pork?
Friday zohar prayer at home
Can a woman read and recite the Qur'an on a phone during menses?
Nikah between a Sunni girl and Shia boy
Is this hadith from Sahih Al-Jami' about people not tested wishing their skins were cut up authentic?
Making du'a and touching prayer map
Is it haram for women to wear trousers?
How to greet women in Arabic?
Married girl again marry without taking divorce
Why was prophet Lot (pbh) told not to look back?
Eating medicine while fasting will make the fast makrooh?
Why Masjid-e-Diraar been burnt?
Is it permissible to donate ones body organs?
Why Muslims can't live in peace with the rest of the world?
Why people cry while embracing Islam?
Can I reserve my favorite graveyard / burial ground / cemetery for myself?
Upon the wife's request during an argument, if a man gives his wife three talaqs at once, are they divorced?
Importance of Shab e Barat
Ramadan - UK times - is it even possible?
How would Evil act exist in heaven?
Is it true before we were created, Allah asked us do you want to be a angel or want to be a human?
How to ignore food when it's not halal
What is dua-e-noor?
Can we license translation software for the Quran and Hadits?
Who is Sayidat Nisaa al aalamin?
Is music allowed in Islam? (three questions)
Why God doesn't forgive the sin of Shirk?
how can i fix myself as a muslim?
Divorce in case of Shia Sunni Couple
If the date changes with sunset, why is 'Asr called the middle prayer?
Can we formulate our own Tafseer from our understanding of Qur'an?
What is the antonym for the word 'kafir' in Urdu?
Fiqah Ijama and Qiyass Problems
What are the names of seven heavens and hells in Arabic script?
Will unknowingly eating haram affect my fasting and prayers for 40 days? If so how?
Who are the contemporary Ar-Rum?
Is the Quran complete? If so, why do we need Hadith?
What was Ramadan and fasting in Islam before the time of Muhammad ﷺ?
Is it permissible for a Muslim to sell materials owned by the company he works for and keep some of the profit for himself?
How do I repent from swearing by something other than Allah, without knowing it amounts to shirk?
Is playing video games such as Skyrim shirk?
Praying at the Mosque Obligatory for Men?
pregnancy superstitions or truth?
Digital art and drawing cartoons is prohibited in Islam?
Can we complete quran by reading from book and then from device
Is vegetarianism accepted in Islam?
Is Cod fish halal or not?
The pious - see V.2:2
Is it permissible to eat chicken and beef in a non-Muslim country?
Islam's advice for positive relationships
Is it wrong for a Muslim to say hallelujah?
Is Camel Urine Halal or Haram?
Is seafood like prawns, crabs, etc., haram?
Is it permitted to eat fruit from tree that has root in neighbour's house but some part of it hangs on my wall?
Is Game development permissible in Islam?
Is an investment where I receive returns for a period of time halal?
Is working at a web development company who sells marketing software haram?
can discarded things be picked?
Should women also perform Itikaf at mosque or can they perform it at home also?
Hemorrhoids and Ramadan
Does making a noise during prayer without smiling count as a laugh?
Is luwak coffee, involving coffee cheries partly digested by a small catlike animal, halal or haram?
Brushing teeth during Ramazan?
If my husband has on repeated occasions said "talaq" but later apologised, are we divorced?
Zakat on wifes gold
Is a pig-shaped money box haram?
Need reference for this hadith
Are insects (e.g. locusts) halal to eat according to the Qur'an and Sunnah?
Can I break fast for my high school graduation?
repent & seeking forgiveness after cumming out during fast in ramadan
Are Fajr & Isha the Nautical Twilights?
Difference between non-mahram friendship and non-mahram love relationship?
How to calculate zakath on jewellery owned for less than a year and in my possession before marriage?
Can I give a part or full of my zakat to my father who has debt
Is reciting the Qur'an while standing (as is commonly done in Taraweeh) halal or haram?
Do I have to fast if I will be staying at a travel destination for 15 days or more?
Fasting in pregnancy
I am not sure if I intentionally broke my fast so should I do kaffarah or not?
How much zakat should be paid?
Have Feeling Of Sex During Fasting
Does magic work on a person during ramadan?
What is the stanceof Islam on an unmarried or divorced woman engaging in cybersex?
What is sin and what is not?
Zakat need to pay
Whether cat's hair on our clothes make our prayers unacceptable?
It is Wajib to reply "Salam-on-Alaikum"?
Is Firefox software halal due to its logo?
Worshipping a black stone, a pagan tradition?
Is a dream like this should be followed
does dream wetting invalidate fasting?
If I am offered food but I'm not sure it's halal, can I say Allah's name to make it permissible?
How can I escape from a haraam multilevel network marketing scheme?
What should I do about a riba-based loan I took out in ignorance?
What is right age for children to start fasting?
Do muslims worship Kaabah
Is committing acts of shirk without truly believing in it still shirk?
What is shirk what if a person commits a shirk act but does not believe in it
Did Muslims always make pilgrimage to Jerusalem for Ramadan?
Is it okay if we commit a sin with a clean intention?
Would it be okay to say Allah is my best friend?
Do I have to pay zakat, if I spend more than I earned in a year but have some savings?
Is there any "real" Health benefits for Ramadan fasting?
What was Palestine called in the Quran?
Where was the first wall put inside a Mosque?
Wahhabism vs extremists why does the theology seem so close?
Why are there imams that don't respect other religions?
Isn't it possible for Muslim Ummah to unite under one identity?
How is the word 'spirituality' understood?
Can I perform Prayer (Salah) at home without looking the jammath in the masjid?
Can a women work without her husband's permission?
Is it okay to say "Allah Hafiz" at the end of conversation?
Should we not recite the same surahs in salah after surah Fatiha?
Is it wrong if I broke my fast intentionally because I fainted and was feeling very dizzy?
How did the split of Shiites and Sunnis go from political to theological?
What induces the seizure-like movements caused by Pirs?
Why are sunnah prayers considered nawafil for Shiites?
same-sex relation with no sex?
I didn't wake up for suhoor and slept till fajr prayer when I made niyat for fasting; is my fast valid?
Is the name Asma halal for baby girl?
Is it wrong to use "lord" as part of a Facebook name?
An oath I made on the Quran and Allah
Are credit card users entitled to zakat due to debt?
Left one ayat in the middle of surah in Salat
What is Shia view about Interpretation of verse 24 of surat An-Nisa'(4:24)?
Day of Lailat-al Qadr
Can a boy propose to a girl even if he doesn't know if she likes him?
Why is الْمُتْعَةِ translated as "Hajj-at-Tamatu"?
Did Prophet (PBUH) never laugh after revelation of verses 59-60 of Surat An-Najm?
Forced not to fast in Ramadan?
I accidentally committed sins during the Ramadan
What is the best way to read the Quran to best understand the historical context?
Playing football or swimming wearing shorts?
Does prayer timetable stay same every year?
Shari'a marriage with out paper work but with witness
Can I recite kalma instead of surah after surah fatiha in salat?
Is it permissible to celebrate birthdays when the celebration is done arbitrarily?
I mistakenly broke the fast an hour early due to my computer's clock; what should I do?
Ruling on someone who has forgotten zakaat valuation date (due date)?
If menstruation has ended before sunrise in Ramadan is it accepted to fast, if one had eaten before the ghusl?
Can the holy Qur'an be recited from English transliteration instead of Arabic text?
Is zakat mandatory for our family, given my mother is a housewife who owns gold and my father has a personal loan?
What should a couple in a civil union do when converting to Islam?
Does Allah create for man his wife from himself?
Will zakat paid in excess be carried forward to the following year?
Zakat payment inquire
I intentionally swallowed blood, but not with the intention to break the fast; does it still break my fast?
Question on Murabaha (selling the product before the end of the contract period)
Is sin at laylatul Qadr multiplied by thousands of times?
Is it okay to perform Tahajjud after Witir?
Question about Istikhara?
Is my marriage valid?
In 16th Century, How Hajis were verified, whether he is Muslim or not?
Is it wrong that I left my husband as he is on drugs and he hit me twice and refuses to change
Is Zakat obligatory for jobless person who has some investments?
Is it permissible to listen to the Quran while working on a project?
Erectile dysfunction has led to an unsatisfying marriage with my husband; would it be a sin to ask for divorce?
If a husband has two wives and he allows wife to go see sick mother can he go stay with second wife on 1st wife night and should he inform 1st wife
Can borrowed money be counted towards Sadaqa
Is it possible to negotiate and respect the local culture and law
Wearing Gold Shoes Halal or Haram?
Is nikah haram with son wife If son is dead?
What is the difference between Islamist and Muslim?
Non-fasting husband is allowed to have intercourse during the day in Ramadan?
is fasting incomplete without prayer?
Can I make use of the food and utensils my ex-roommate left behind?
Do I have to pay fidya (ransom) for masturbating during Ramadan?
Two dua's needed in MP3 format
Listening or read Quran while naked
Why does the number 3 repeats itself in the Islam?
Does a disabled person have to pay Zakat or can he/she be exempt?
Sujood, and Salat Tawba
What is the meaning of words "الْخَیْطُ الْأَبْیَضُ" and "الْخَیْطِ الْأَسْوَدِ" in surat 2:187?
Sex during fast due to lack of knowledge
Is Sahu Sajda required when Imam recites incorrectly?
Can I make use of land that was purchased with an interest-based bank loan?
What evidence is there in the Quran that it is the word of God?
Marriage, divorce, meher
What is the Islamic verdict on doing a haram thing considering it halal?
Legal status of mut'a in Sunni and Shia sects
Swallowing water by mistake while fasting
Is it permissible to split a 4-rakat farz salat into two 2-rakat farz salat?
Zakat on gifted house
99 names of Allah
What are some extra (mustahab) zikrs to use in different parts of an obligatory prayer?
Is this hadith aunthentic? "...so seek treatment (of illness) but do not treat (illness) with anything that is haraam."
Electronic Music
Laylat al-Qadr : working the next day
Dua Yastasheer and tawassul
Are Muslims discouraged from having physical relations with their wives during the last 10 nights of Ramadan?
How to respond to "who created God" when debating with an atheist?
Are non-muslims allowed to visit Mecca?
How to take care of one's brain?
What are sins and what are mistakes?
Zakat on plots bought with intention to resale
Is taraweeh for women considered as sunnat or nafil?
What hair length am i allowed to keep?
what are the things which can break our fast
How do non-Muslims participate in Salaat?
Is it permissible to break a fast if I am travelling?
Did I commit a great sin by having intercourse with my same-sex cousin, and will Allah forgive me?
Number of Prostrations in Quran in every Juz (1/30th part of Quran)?
Do I have to repray Isha due to constant flatulence?
Any other procedure for Divorce for women other than Khula?
Is it permissible to accept personal incentives from medical companies to buy their products through my work?
Dogs in islam is haram
Father forcing me to wear the Abaya. Is that allowed in Islam?
Why is eating meat haram?
calculate my Zakath
Can I pray while having cryotherapy discharge?
Is it permissible to say Alhamdulellah after having sex?
Is zakat applicable if savings drop below nisab at some point in the lunar year?
How Can Evolutionism and Creationism co-exist in Islam?
Should I make up Eid prayer after quietly laughing?
Why girls are discouraged to attend in Salatul Eid?
Why is the weakest of homes, the home of spider?
Is it permissible to say no more than these zikrs in Ruku and Sijda, or are they only supplementary zikrs that should come with other main ones?
Pronounciation of a certain part of prayer
Is bisexuality allowed in Islam
Struggle to keep up with the Imam during prayer at the mosque
If we had access to the original Bible, would we still need the Qur'an?
When I accidentally break wudu, what should I do?
Married by Islam but husband divorced me by saying it in English
Tawheed asma was siffat
Why Jannah promises young handsome boys to serve and fulfill desires?
Does sexually stimulating yourself break your fast?
Staying up late to say night prayer
Do we know if Allah prohibited all forms of riba with the children of Israel?
Is telling white lie permitted in Islam?
What is the meaning of سعدیک and و الشرّ لیس الیک in this prayer of Istiftah?
Keeping part of money collected as donation as service charge
Why did Ibrahim greet his father with the Salam, if one shouldn't greet disbelievers with salaam?
How to ask dua to marry a specific person?
Ahle Sunnat view of salawat to prophet Mohammad (PBUH)?
Origins of Taqlid
Denying of oneself to marry his choice
'Rahman' as a family name
is a nullified marriage accepted
How should I make up my fasts that I missed for no excuses?
What can I do about qadha for a Ramadan from over a year ago?
Validity of reference for hadith number 531, book 10, volume 1 of Sahih Bukhari?
Is a Muslim husband allowed to have sex with his multiple wives simultaneously?
How long can a man stay away from sinful activities?
How should Quran 9:29 be interpreted? "Fight those who believe not in Allah nor the Last Day..."
What should I do if I forgot to pray Fajr on Friday?
What is the stance of Muslim scholars on relationship of Prophet Muhammad with Maria Qibti?
Where can I get a copy of the Quran using arabic font for an e-reader
Who is responsible for the misuse of materials with Allah's name on?
If we say salat 5 times regularly and spend the rest of time studying, is the time spend studying considered ibadah?
Does the Qur'an prohibit Muslim women from marrying non-Muslim men or just Jews and Christians?
Is it permissible to add profit without manager's knowledge?
Did Ibrahim AS find the concept of Allah only with his mind (or in his free will)?
Is breaking a promise to Allah to not talk to a person a major sin?
Does saying talaq in mind count as talaq?
Adding conditions to the nikah contract after nikah has taken place
Who are the best Islamic existential theologians?
Disturbed with bad thoughts about allah and islam and aulia allah
Does the Qur'an say that every Muslim should get married?
After being married for three years without sexual relations, is iddat required?
Why a little child goes directly to Jannah?
Are there ayat in the Quran that show that Allah will punish those who murder another person, whether he is a Muslim or a Non-Muslim?
Where the nikah of the daughters of the Prophet held in masjids?
Were the People of Prophet Loot Really Homosexuals?
How can I tell if someone is truly Mahdi the savior?
Is lottery haram if I don't lose anything?
Old woman who sew a cloth with lot of hardwork and then tears it apart: where it is mentioned in Quran?
Will Hazrat Isa A.S come with his miraculous powers again?
What is the Islamic way to counter Sihr (magic)?
How to find related Hadiths for any Sura or Quran verse?
Can I take a non-muslim(free) girl as my slave and have sex with her?
Was it significant and logical that the Koran was revealed to someone who could not read or write?
Does Allah has any shape?
Meat-and-bone meal given to animals make them haram?
If life insurance is forbidden, then how is working at a mortgage company which takes commission and interest justified?
Keep from dying
Getting married or start my PhD?
How is rent different from interest?
Is Musnad Ahmed a book of Sahih Ahaadith?
Is unconsciously committing a sin still a sin?
What is the Hadith about missing the Takbeer E Oola of salah (takbir at the beginning of the prayer)?
Why do we do tawaaf around Kaaba while we critize non-muslims?
How can we be sure that commercial businesses, e.g. McDonald's, that are present in Morocco and other Arab countries, are totally halal?
Do you think my parents will let me marry a future muslim man? and Allah will help me?
How can Mentally ill people be judged by their actions?
Will we still be under the threat of punishment in Jannah?
What is the ruling on a person who repeats his prayer because he doubts his prayer was correct?
Namaz E Janaaza of Hazrat Khadeeja (RA)
can nafl prayers make up for obligatory ones?
End of Asr timing
Straightening our spine during Sujood
Forgot I am fasting and realized after eat almost a meal
Why is "وليتلطف" in Surah Kahaf is written in bold text in Quran?
What happens to people whose bodies are not buried after death?
not sure if my wudu is valid
Can a woman make an unknown person her brother and share her life story with him?
Did Muhammad torture anyone to get info?
How can we be so sure that women must wear hijab when the Qur`an does not prescribe it in clear words?
If God is "Infinitely" Merciful, doesn't that mean that, in a philosophical way, everyone will be forgiven and given access to jannah?
Is getting unauthorized discounts on store products haraam?
Should I make up for 6-10 years of possibly invalid prayer and fasts?
Intentions for sawm
Is it possible for the Qu'ran to have mistakes in it?
Can a prophet come after Khatm-e-Nabuat?
Is there a clear rule when a woman should do the ghusl after menstruation or child-bed (nifas)?
Can we offer salat before it's time?
Taking help from Jinn
The Divine Night
Does magrib last until redness disappear (nearly 15 minutes) or until isha (nearly a hour)?
Do plants have souls
Is using of CAMERA allowed in Islam?
Is earning money viewing advertisements online halal?
Is it allowed to perform full صلاة(salat) instead of قصر (Qasr)?
What if someone makes a mistake reciting Surah fatiha in prayer?
Is it considered apostasy if association with Islam was only hereditary?
The Reality Of Tie
Does almost laughing break prayer?
Difference between tahriman and tanzihan makrooh
When was Umar (radiallahu anhu) given the title "Al Farooq"
Who are not tempted by Satan?
Is horsemeat Halal?
Is it halal to buy and drink artificial juices?
Is it allowed to make relations with Non Mehrams in social media?
Wife's claim on Divorce
How do you decide which surah to recite during salah?
The age of the Earth and evolution of life?
What is the "Christian non-denominational" equivalent in Islam?
Is Schiff Move Free products is Halal?
Is the money I make from a club as a performer haram?
Will I get sawwab for answering here
Is it ok to give your fiance a questionnaire in order to know more about him?
Downloading Pirated Games
Did animals help Prophet Ibrahim (PBUH) while he was in fire?
Is Making use of an electrical item that someone has disposed of for recycling haram?
Why is the verb "perceive / یشعرون" negated in two different styles in Baqarah: 9 and 12, and what's the exact difference?
Where does our spirit go when we are sleep? What happens to our spirit when we sleep?
Is the milk of donkey halal?
Can an employee receive commission for buying products from a company?
Why Muslims want to convert Non-Muslims to Islam?
Is this person considered a Muslim?
Why does Allah want animals killed by humans?
Is it permissible to re-use the water that has been already used [by myself] for ablution?
Can we invest money in banks and buy shares in banks?
What is the meaning of "those your right hands possess" in 4:24?
Why qadar ALLAH is I to suffer so much in years
Is bovine colostrum powder haram?
Studying in Non-Muslim Environment
I went to donate to someone, but did not have any cash with me; how is this judged?
is developing websites where users can add image gallery haram?
What is the rule govering claiming that a vetegarian meal satisfy the halal dietarian requirements
Free Will vs Sharia Law
Why such hatred toward Jews?
What does “Inni Ka Lillah” and "Inni Qalillah" mean?
Is leasing machinery for business is permisable?
Can Shias pray at a Sunni mosque?
Do we know the number of people who converted to Islam in the 23 years of Prophethood of Muhammad?
Threshold for boycotting companies
Can a Muslim woman marry a Christian man who has converted?
Marriage without the consent of father?
Will homosexuality be granted in Heaven for those who have been patient?
Is circumcision mandatory for Non Muslim; if he want to accept muslim faith?
Is gambling prohibited in Islam?
Status of prophets in death
Praying in a public place (theme park)
Were our souls created when we were born?
Does God know about future & what is the proof of it in Qur'an?
Is knowing the prayer timing an essential for salah?
Why Islam is considered as a religion of terrorists?
According to Quran is leaving Islam a sin?
is the wife of the brother of my grandmother a mahram?
Does Islam allow doubting Quran or existence of God?
Why Prophet not called father but his wives are mothers of believers?
I am a Strong Believer of Allah SWT. But Why a Non-Believer of Allah SWT gets his things
Shouldn't a slave woman guard her private parts except from her spouse?
Conditions where backbiting isn't considered as a sin? Is giving -ve feed back of employees to higher authority is considered as sin- Backbiting?
Can I utilize the free time in office on personal things?
What is the punishment of touching a non-mahram? And do these sins disappear if he is given the sharia'h punishment?
What are the duties of a husband?
Why didn't Allah created us in jannah without test?
What is the punishment for kissing someone outside of marriage?
If my husband was unaware of the consequences of three talaqs, is still valid?
Is it permissible to pray in advance when work commitments prevent me from praying on time?
Do the evil spirits really exist?
Is income earned from a country one is not allowed to work in haram?
Can my Parents refuse to let me go to my husbands house to live once married?
What part of Quran should we teach first to Christians?
Can a couple still get married after committing sin together?
Is killing a bee haram?
What to do after converting to Islam while happily married to a non-Muslim husband?
Doing the Prostration of Forgetfulness twice
How to react when my step-mother did this?
Trying to pray but my baby is sick
Why Quran use 'Months' for period of Hajj?
How to interact in a mixed-gender Islamic school?
How can we demonstrate that we are the right Islam?
I want to make video sites, but is it acceptable?
Do disbelievers automatically go to hell?
Is watching cartoons/anime for entertainment Haram?
How many lines in Quran?
What did Mushrikeen think about who built the Kaaba?
How do you do wudhu when praying in a car?
Is car manufacturing haram?
What is the consideration in marriage in Islam?
What does mean "may your hand be besmeared with dust"?
Is downloading cartoon images Haram?
What constitutes infallibility of Quran?
When does mispronunciation make a prayer invalid?
Is playing free lotteries haram?
Is sinning with intent same as Shirk?
Which direction would we pray in on the Moon?
Is prayer accepted if your hair isn't covered?
After the husband saying "I give you talaq 3 times", pregnancy, and him leaving the country for two years, what is the status of their marriage?
Salam to non-Muslims
If I swear "I will not do..." with my hand on my head, is it considered an oath?
Is there Chinese and Japanese audio translation of Quran?
Is it acceptable for a Muslim boy to never get married, instead travelling the world writing books?
Wife's Tamkin and Marital Rape
Is accounting haraam?
Making dua in your head
I had a dream with a jin
Does islam require burial of the dead?
Can I perform hajj given that I have a mortgage?
Is it halal to eat meat given the mistreatment of farmed animals?
Are digital online wallets haram, given that they incorporate cashback?
Is 8 Ball Pool from Miniclip Legal According To Islamic Teachings
Mixed gender education is haram, what should I do?
Are intoxicants other than alcohol forbidden?
Why is killing and eating certain animals allowed when we have enough supply of vegetarian food?
Hadith about the prophet and his daughter fatimah tongue suckling
Is receiving commission on purchase haram?
Is it true that two people who love each other but cannot be together will meet in Jannat?
Is it haram to use pills to avoid or offset menstruation?
Does Allah exist in life forms?
I believe in Allah and His Messenger, but follow the teachings of Jesus; am I considered a non-believer?
CRM for online betting platform
How to introduce oneself to Islam as an adult?
Why do we have to believe in Jinn? العقيدة vs الايمان
expectations from Allah
Is taking Tea with using Tea-cup from left hand is haram?
What days are you meant to fast in dhul hijjah
Losing faith in Allah and Islam , HELP?
Starting the recitation from middle of the ayat
How can a male athlete accept gold medals at competitions?
According to Islamic sources, did any prophet kill people for having the wrong religion?
Will we have to die twice?
Does the Qur'an say it is haram to have sex before marriage?
What is source the of this hadith? (nawawi, ... what has befallen you was not going to pass you by ... )
Should we vocalise our dua during prostration?
Is trimming of hair and nails between 1st and 10th of Zil Hajj a sin? And does it invalidate our scarifice?
Is performing Salatuj Zohr instead of salatul Jumuah would be counted as qaza? is it a major sin or not?
Why are there repetitions of hadiths in Sahih Al-Bukhari?
Is it necessary to perform ghusl after masturbation even if I didn't ejaculate?
What should a girl do who is regretting messaging a boy she knows on Facebook from an anonymous account? After stopping this, is she a bad girl?
Giving money instead of buying an animal
Was the Prophet Muhammad buried facing Mecca?
Is it permissible to fast on aidiladha?
How can an acting homosexual return to an Islamic life and be rescued by Allah?
What do Sunni Muslims recite during Zil Hijjah Month after prayers
Why Allah (S.T.) did not told "Ya Muhammad (pbuh)" in the Holy Quran?
Purification verse 33:33
What is the size of soul according to Quran?
Interior of Kaaba
Is it allowed to shoot video while offering Qurbani?
How often can a wife go to her parents house?
Is it halal to work for a software company for operating systems?
Does a sister in wudu have to redo her wudu if she show her private parts to her husband?
What is good and evil in Islam?
Apostasy law and free decision on faith
Is it "Hashir" or "Al-Hashir"?
Is reciting Takbeer three times after every farj salat in Ayyam-E-Tashrik days a Mustahab work?
What should I do to seek forgiveness for homosexual sexual relations (not anal sex)?
What is the meaning of "aslamwalequm"?
Is Surah Ya-Sin/یس the heart of Quran?
Who will be the first person(s) who enter the paradise?
Are men allowed to wear Nylon in Islam, as long as they're inside normal socks?
Gave qurban to parent
What is the punishment for sulking?
What happens if you kill someone during Hajj?
Do we say "assalamu ‘alaikum wa rahmatullah" after the fard prayer if our intention is to continue to sunnah nafl prayer?
What is a reliable reference for "covering of the head during salah or otherwise is mubah" by men?
Are there humans or creatures outside earth?
Thinking about sex or talking about sex with someone of the opposite sex and after the liquid comes out
Can an Imam interrupt a prayer for some reason?
Did Allah keep Zayd's ex-wife for marriage to Muhammad? (Qur'an 33:6 and 33:37)
hadith about the dajjal
Is celebrating death day allowed?
Is there any reward for reciting the Quran for the dead, especially Sura Yaseen?
Is it permissible for a female to work?
Drawing faces are forbidden, but I would like to know if I can draw parts of Human body?
The example of the inheritance shares issue: how comes the Quran needs to be corrected?
Raising money for a charity drive
What does it mean to "respect your elders"? (Sunni, Hanafi view)
Making Fashion Websites, Ecommerce Websites, Is islam allow to do that job
Confused about a word in Quran
How can one care for the Quran when travelling?
What is the solution to being raped?
Who are allowed to see the face of woman who uses face veil?
How many Muslims in the world are "moderate/progressive" and why are they called as such?
Were pigs made haram because they were going to be extinct?
Can I marry the sister of my maternal uncle (who is not my own mother's brother)?
Trees already on a Muslim's grave: what can I do, are there any rules?
Ghusl Janabat or Ghusl to remove impurities
Is it haraam to watch gay porn?
Which verse is the heart of Surah Ya-Sin?
Are arches allowed in Islam?
Which Imam of Shia has more hadiths?
What was the Meher of Hazrat-Fatimah?
Zina without penetration
Who are the parents of Umm al Baneen?
Islam itself allows for contemplation of other religions as paths toward God?
In an effort to fight my homosexual tendencies, I have been inserting a tampon in my anus; is this haram?
Do all worldly situations arise by the will of Allah alone? Or are some things happening by the will of others e.g. Shaitan?
Difference of waqf in Qiraat Hafs between waqf الوقف in usual Moshaf and turkish recitation
Reciting dikr while carrying janaza
Would fighting for one's country be termed as "jihad"?
How to continue salah, if already imam has finished few rakat
Where did the Prophet's hair in Pakistan come from?
Is my prayer valid even though I mispronounced a word?
Shaitan or Jinn attached with a person all the time
Is it necessary to drink water while sitting down and why doesn't the same rule apply while drinking Zam Zam?
Do we get the same punishment for supporting the murderer?
Suffering, good people and Holy Quran
Is wudhu done after gusl?
Can I perform Wudu during bathing, while in nude?
Is it allowed to take alcohol in medication?
How many times is hajj fardh?
Language for prayers
Is it halal or right to marry a single mother to give her child a father?
Does putting a Muslim body in the pig's body prevent his soul from going to paradise?
Why do Muslims believe in prophets after Malachi?
Does Islam allow child soldiers?
Is it allowed to enter other religious places other than mosque?
How to resolve an alleged error in the Qur'an in relation to the orbit of the Sun?
Is blowing the foods Makruh? (Shia view)
What is the best stone for the ring? (Shia View)
Who is Seyyed (سید)? (Shia view)
Is it acceptable to do Wudu in the bathroom? (Shia view)
To Participate in non-Muslims religious activities like halloween, Christmas
Is tawba acceptable for pre-marital sexual videos my boyfriend put on the internet?
Did Iranians fight in the Battle of Karabala? (As Imam Hussein's soldiers)?
Why Taasuaa (تاسوعا) is important for Shia?
Is the hadith concerning the conquest of Constantinople when the Dajjal comes forth authentic?
Need an refutation to this alleged mistake in the holy Quran?
In Salat what mispronunciations are acceptable?
Its really confusing . Plz help me out . I m a true beliver
How should Muslims treat houses of worship of other Religions?
Does the tailbone (coccyx) not decay?
Is it haram to use a wallet which has a design like a horse and a deer?
Is drawing pictures in books prohibited?
Is not husband having no right over wife's salary a bit injustice?
I was born a Hindu, and I continue. Is it against Allah's will that it is so?
Is YouTube earning halal?
In Islam are you allowed to look at other people kissing?
Why did Allah make bad people?
Is it a sin for a job holder wife not taking proper care of husband and child?
What kind of sin signing others attendance sheet in school is?
Is it permissible to read silently in prayer?
Am I allowed to shake hands with my female friends?
Is there a dual meaning to the treatment of Jews in the The Noble Qur'an?
What are the relevant rulings regarding being asked to leave my husband's house?
Is mindfulness meditation shirk
Sadaqa in the name of Imam Hussain
Knowing and not believing regarding the Holy Quran
Cursing oneself in Islam
Did Prophet Mohammad (peace be upon him) see Allah (Swt) on Miraj?
Children disabled because parents have sinned
Is men kissing men haram?
If a woman's husband is with her in heaven, will he also get virgins?
If I have one wife on Earth, where will the second wife come from in heaven?
After the day of judgement, what happens to heaven and hell, the universe, and man and living things?
What is the difference between "Mubtalat-of-Wudu" of Shia and Sunni?
Who was the oldest martyr of Karbala?
Only Allah can give life and take life
Why were the Angels told to prostrate to Adam (AS)?
Is this hadith authentic? "He who makes wudu... and prays two rak'at, Allah will grant him whatever he may pray for..."
Can a Shia wife perform matam even if her Sunni husband prohibits?
Is the use of the word 'Nutfah' allegedly an error in Quran?
How many women were with Imam Hussain? (At the battle of Karbala)
Which meat is halal and which is not in Islam?
Would we be able to do haram things in jannah?
What is the difference between innovation in Islam and introduction in Islam?
Are whistling and clapping haram?
Is tobacco sale haram?
Did the Prophet (s) proposed to Khadijah or Khadijah proposed to the Prophet?
Why is lying a major sin?
Is donating blood or being on the donor register haram?
Do aliens exist?
Does swallowing food remains between teeth spoil sawm (fasting)?
Can I store a picture of my grandmother who passed away in my phone, and is it a sin if I cry about her death?
What happens if you are late with your payments to an Islamic bank?
What does Islam say about crossdressing?
Should non-violent Apostates be killed in Islam?
Can Istikhara be performed after a decision has already been made?
Can we fast only for 1 day in muharram?
How much profit can you get if you make a product?
Is the Term "Hafiz e Quran" jaiz?
Was alcohol permitted long ago, before Mohammad was born?
Is it right to question a girl about her virginity before marriage?
How to repent from lying?
Can I celebrate Halloween by dressing up at school the theme is harry potter?
Are Muslims encouraged to research other faiths?
Why Abu Hurraira changed his narration ?
My istakhara prayer for marriage has left me feeling uncertain; is this just nerves?
My parents forbid me to marry; what happens if I commit zina?
Can I disobey my parents when they don't allow me to work?
Prophet Muhammad SAW was illiterate, who wrote the Quran then?
Who can pray at the first queue?
what is the meaning of knowing the unseen?
Performing Aqiqa after Child has become Mature
Is it haram to wear loose trousers or jeans
Can Satan play with the words of the Quran to manipulate us?
Is eating food from person who receives or pays interest haram?
I would like to know if raf ah alyadayn is authentic
Is it mandatory to eat beef (Cow meat) in Islam?
Is working for a weapons development firm haram?
Are these ahadith stating that there are seven Earths?
Timing of a certain hour on Friday
How should we repent for masturbation, formerly being homosexual, bisexual, or crossdresser?
Can I walk people while they are trick or treating?
Is a conversion to the Muslim faith valid, if it happened by deadly threat?
Why does Allah care what I do?
Is it haram to talk to opposite-gender friends online?
Is the Hadith Sahih "The World is a Prison of the Believer and Paradise for the Kafir"?
Was the name Friday/Jumua known before Islam?
Whom among the Sahaba led prayers during the lifetime of the Messenger of Allah (peace be upon him)
Is make-up haram?
Should I be honest about premarital sex with a future husband?
relation between boys and girls
Using parts of quranical expressions in daily life
What is the real purpose of hijab?
How many hadiths are in کتب الاربعه ? (Main Shia Books)
Send Salam to all Mu'min in My dua?
Am I allowed e.g. to change my intention to pray asr after making an initial intention of praying maghrib during the salah?
Is zakat mandatory at the age of 17?
Are echhi anime haram?
Story of Prophet Yoosuf
Is it permissible in to make software application that deal with music, films, TV dramas etc or to make programming assignments for students?
I think im bisexual. Is that a sin to think about the possibility? ?
I heard its okay to have bisexual thoughts but never ever persue it. What is considered "acting on it"?
Can a Muslim woman marry her cousin (paternal)?
Man wearing simple women jeans?
Offer all sunnah before farz
Zikr ( wazaif ) afer 5 Salat
Is Joshua an Islamic name?
Should Muslim teenagers join sex education classes in public school?
Can I sell a product for profit if I received it for free?
What is the language of the Paradise?
Do animals go to heaven?
Prayer, invalid or valid?
Sallam and salam - what is difference?
Is man torso/chest/trunk awrah?
After getting married without signing the papers, and moving on and reuniting, are we still married?
Which surah did the Prophet recite in his last Salah?
Why are there so many variations of Islam and what distinguishes them?
Can man do marriage with his mother in law after the divorce of her daughter?
Is bowing to the audience at the end of a play shirk?
Does drinking alcohol led to forty days of impuriy in which no prayer is accepted?
Is it haram to talk to Jin?
Is making pub website permissible?
What is the relationship between halal slaughter and Islamic scripture?
Is making predictions kufr?
Can you play video games in heaven?
Is being non-Muslim-controlled sufficient for a country to be a target of lesser jihad?
How do you avoid bad thoughts whilst praying
How should I reply to "Assalamu Alaikum"?
Can I give Zakat in the form of clothes?
Is nikah valid when one is called by his step father's name?
How do non-violent Muslims explain the violent verses of the Koran?
If you have continuous gas during prayer, can you purposely let it out?
Why Knowledge is often related with religion?
Does Islam have a concept of "innocent lives"? What qualifies?
Prayers and how many times a day
about talaaq being valid
why wouldn't Allah listen?
Is cosmetic surgery allowed for a Muslim women to please her husband?
Reasons for man to marry after 30
Did the Blindfolded Islamic man who recieved hugs in Paris sin?
What is the ruling on seeking presidential pardon or any other kind of pardon
Good Men are for Good Women and Good Women are for Good Men
Will our good deeds not save us and in fact cause us to go to Jahanum?
Collecting Transformers and Anime figures haram?
Why only in Dhul'hijjah can the Hajj be done, what is the reason?
kids who commit suicide
Suitable verse to recite to pretend to be a Muslim
Purifying Things That Can Not Be Cleaned With Water
Is Eating while watching Islamic T.V Show Haram?
Why is Premartial Sex punished in Islam?
Can father in law and the daughter in law have food in the same plate as a husband wife eats...?
Why we don't have revelations in any/most languages on earth?
Which dua can I recite at the last sitting of salah?
How to give adhan in newborn baby's ear?
What are the conditions for a couple to get remarried? What if the wife is found to be pregnant after divorce?
Why Maria al-Qibtiyya(r.a) is considered as a slave?
How should I practise Arabic in order to read Quran?
If Subway staff mistakenly add meat to my sandwich, is it halal to eat after removing the meat?
Is abortion allowed for a woman / girl who is raped?
Are children of apostate parents considered Muslim?
Is sale of luxurious goods with a huge profit margin haraam?
How much blood money needs to be paid (and by who) if a person is killed by a stone falling from a building's surface covered by stone?
Muhammad Infront of name confusion
How can I determine the origin of names like Shamyl, Nofel, Salar, Zurain, etc.?
Is it possible to compile the Quran chronologically, are there books about this?
Is it permissible to eat chicken and eggs together, or milk and beef?
Who has to pay zakat on wife's gold?
Are Zoroastrians Mentioned As One Of The People Of The Book In The Quran
How to repent for apostasy?
Are there Islamic writings similar to a Christian catechism?
I need help in seeking forgiveness from Allah
If you get a little bit of impurity on your body after doing wudu, do you have to redo wudu?
Which form of purification is necessary after test-tube fertilization?
how to know if a woman has a wet dream and is Ghusl required?
Non-Muslims and the Koran
Is it permissible for him to marry the younger sister of his foster sister?
Is it ok to buy a vehicle via an equated monthly installment (EMI)?
What is the ruling about marriage if wife calls her husband her brother or has bad thoughts that she herself must be a disbeliever?
Conflict of personality
Does rubbing my private parts with that of a boy amount to zina?
After separation, my husband tried to rape our daughter; can I get a divorce?
Is nikah halal with a razai(foster) sister's sister?
Can a mother give her zakat to her childern in life of her husband
zakat payment on accumulated money for more than one year with out adding on it
Does the concept of grace exist in Islam like it does in Christianity?
What to do about missing jummuah for class?
Adding letters to words in salat allowed?
Why Tafriqa (division) In Islam?
Is there Quranic evidence that marriages are made in heaven?
Does umrah expiate all types of sins?
The Punishment of doing Haram while knowing its Haram?
Is taking pictures allowed in Islam?
One talaq is given to the woman 5 years ago, what to do now?
Why is there a difference in the names of prophets between Muslims, Christians and Jews?
Doubt about the Prophethood of Mohammad because of his marriages
Difference between Ijma' on transmission and Ijma' on opinion
Hen voice linked to seeing of Angel?
Do you redo prayer if you think about maybe stopping it and restarting it?
Is first wife's permission required for second marriage?
Keeping islamic words, photos, quran application on mobile
Is it haram to imagine someone you don't know naked?
Do you have to move your lips to every syllable in salat?
What do you say during the final Tashahhud, and when standing up from Rukuu'?
Safar Month and Safety of beings from Jinns
Are Video Games halal or haram?
Is dawah a type of jihad?do both have equal reward?
a hadith about which leg should we put on our shoes first?
Can my husband ask my hand from my uncle not my dad?
Do my parents get ethem (bad deeds) for the way I choose to dress after tring to influence me to dress more modestly?
Is it haram to read copyrighted books online?
Clarification of doubt
Can I follow Islam and still be close friends to unbelievers?
Are we allowed to wear shoes with our name on?
Is gay marriage prohibited?
Does tiny amount of discharge from arousal affect wudu?
Does Islam support killing of kafir (unbeliever)?
An Answer after Assalamualaikum in salat
Does it invalidate prayer to read it fast?
Islam is a relegion or ideology?
Wife asking her husband forcefully to give her Talaq with some fake stories and witnessess
Shaking Hand After Faraz Salat
Is it prohibited in Islam for a man to wear women's clothes and vice versa
Does saying or writing the Shahada make you a Muslim?
Where in Islam is it mentioned that Muslims have to prayer 5 times a day?
Resolving an issue regarding shares in a partnership business
Can death occur without Allah's will.?
Is elastane (also known as spandex or lyrca) a halal material?
I am a bisexual muslima
Are there sects of Islam similar to protestants?
If 12th Rabi' al-awwal is the birthday of Prophet (s.a.w) then why Sunni brothers do madh e sahaba?
How to respond to "Merry Christmas"?
If a husband and wife get divorced before the marriage was consummated, is it possible to remarry?
I'm curious about bisexual people
Is there a non-haram way for a teenage Muslim to pleasure himself?
Meekat for second umrah
Can Qaza salat be prayed in short form?
Is drawing partial bodies for fashion illustrations allowed?
Can I use any film star (female) pictures as my own profile picture?
Is it obligatory for a Muslim to recite the Quran or this is solely a recommended act (except in Salah)?
I Shaved where my eyebrows meet
What were the rules of engagement in military conflicts in the first centuries after Muhammad?
What is Sunni view regarding the savior of the world?
What happens if I play a mobile game I was made to swear not to play on the Quran?
What is the hadith regarding minor signs of Qyamah by Ibn Masud?
Will I go to Jahannam?
When Jamaah of Masjid is audible from my home and I pray in my home, does that make my Salah a Jamaah Salaah?
Is it a recommended in the Quran to marry a beautiful woman?
Is there any physically written first Quran book?
Is it true in Islam, what goes around comes around?
Is Adam's Peak a sacred place for Muslims?
Is freelancing halal if my job contract prevents from working for any other place?
After sex shall we touch our son without Ghusl[Bath]
What to do when you see a bad dream
Exposed Sins of the sinners
Are taweez (amulets) haram?
Do you believe in aliens?
Can I create, own & run a Dating website?
Is drawing God allowed in Islam?
If someone forcefully sacrificed me... Would I go to hell?
Is it haram to look after your family, by doing haram?
How can I love a Creator who causes me pain and grief?
Can I name my daughter Riyah
Is using a loudspeaker in a mosque mandatory?
Does Islam allow marriage between first cousins?
How can I be forgiven for terrible thoughts towards Allah, the Prophet and the Qur'an?
How to attain full purity? Please see details
How exactly does one perform tahajjud prayer?
Is our nikah valid given that we cannot tell our parents?
Performing wudu correctly
Is niqab important so that man don't gaze at woman
Young girl punishment marry
When should one stand during Iqama ? From the beginning or from qad qāmat aṣ-ṣalāh?
As a convert woman married to a Catholic with no legal separation, how can I marry a Muslim man?
What is the ruling on giving orphans inheritance after our death?
Utilization of profit on saving account
Who are the Madeans?
Did early prophets use to offer salah?
Why can't Muslims eat or drink blood?
What does اذل and اعز mean in Qur'an 5:54?
How much right does a child have over their parents?
Does "I swear..." constitute an oath?
Can I work for as a software engineer for a company that also does pornography?
Why does the woman have to go through the pain of giving birth?
Is it a duty for able Muslim men to implement shariah in whatever country they are in?
Did Prophet Muhammad really believe what he said is the word of God?
After khulla when can a woman marry someone else?
Is saying that something which is haram is halal kufr?
Is there nothing in the Quran and Hadith about praying in Arabic?
Does Allah forgive someone who commit adultry?
Umrah condition for women of age 50 years
What is the ruling of gold teeth implanting (for men)?
Will molasses of grape be considered wine (and thus haram) after its expiry date?
Which color is the best for wearing shirt for men?
What verses in the Quran support following Hadith (of the Prophet)?
Is there a limit on the authority of Hadith or is it all encompassing like the Quran?
Is it halal in Islam to work as a web/graphics designer?
How should be interactions with non-mehram be like in a coed institution?
Symbols of mercy in Islam?
Was Zoroaster A Disciple Of Prophet Jeremiah?
Is it haram to pirate software I cannot purchase due to not having a credit card, with the intention of paying for it when I do get a credit card?
Why is Shaitan bad considering the definition of the term?
If cigarettes are Haram why are many Muslims smoking shisha?
What are the regulations for sports hunting (Trophies and Big Game)
What does Islam say about judging others?
Why should we obey ALL Islam rules , when we see some of them are useless?
Till which age, it is the obligation of parents to keep their children?
Does including glycerol in supplements make them haram?
Is all music Haram?
Finding the historical context for verses in the Qur'an
Can you get a civil divorce and stay islamically married?
Is naming your son "Abd" allowed for Muslims?
Where I can get "Nikah" to enter second marriage in UK?
Are Muslim women allowed to marry revert Muslims?
How should I interpret Quran [a:b]?
Reunion in Paradise
Haram scale of severity?
Is it permissible to write a fictional story in which there are non-Muslim characters?
Is it shirk for a Muslim to celebrate Valentine's Day?
Do Jews Worship Ezra As The Son Of God
Can I marry my wife's sister, who is widow now?
Why are Christians, Hindus and Jews in conflict with Muslims but not with each other?
What are the Arsh and Kursi of Allah?
Are tucked-in shirts and pants non-Islamic?
What is the position on fighting against seemingly unwinnable odds?
Is discrimination between daughters and sons allowed?
Is it allowed for 3 sisters to 3 brothers marry at same time?
Is Jesus considered to be the messiah in Islam?
Where does bad behavior come from in Islam and what is the difference between a sin?
What was really new about the message of Mohammed?
What is the greatest sin in Islam?
How to be sure that the holy Quran is 100% the words of hz. Muhammed?
What does Islam say about lesbians?
From what scriptures are the stories of Jesus?
What is the Islamic interpretation of Jesus?
Is the Betty Crocker cake mix halal, given that it contain glycerides, which might be derived from haram meat?
Is life a fair test?
Christian convert into Islam will he get to paradise?
Broken trust between spouse and how live by it
Is using Arabic when you dont understand it an innovation or a real part of the religion?
Are there any copyright restrictions on reproducing English translations of the Quran?
How to repent from accidentally eaten pork?
Is it haram to cut family ties temporarily with a father who non-practicing?
Can a woman use test-tube fertilization after the death of her husband?
How is the Sunnah different to the Hadith?
I'm not a Muslim and I had a dream of church and a mosque
Who are the people of zaboor?
Is it halal to have oral sex with the spouse?
Does writing fiction with world history based around Allah amount to shirk?
Can a Muslim participate in a church encounter for school?
Is it acceptable to make friends with a Christian at school?
Why is the prayer or dua "peace be upon him" used for someone not alive?
What are the qualities an imam must have?
Is a "loser pays bill" scheme halal?
What is the punishment for disobeying the caliph?
Lately found out eating pork
The origin of the word "left" and "right" in Arabic
Is it permissible for parents to force their daughter into marrying a man she doesn't want to marry? Is the marriage valid, and can she get a divorce?
How can a child marriage be anything but forced?
If wine was used in a marinara sauce recipe, is this considered haram?
Can we take money from our boss if he does not pay commision and good salary?
Is there Zakat on land purchased for the purpose of saving + Is there Zakat on land purchased for reselling
What is the recommended way to conduct a wedding?
Is the celebration of the birthday (mawlid) of our Prophet (Saw) halal?
Why were Jews allowed to live in Yemen?
Would Hz. Mohammed have been incapable of avoiding sin if his open-chest surgery wasn't performed?
In anger, I signed a letter to my wife saying talaaq thrice; is this divorce valid?
Is it haram to say YOLO, given that we believe in the Day of Resurrection?
The explanations of God's love for Hz. Mohammed
Are You Allowed To Eat A Fish Hamburger At McDonald's?
Is it wrong to want to live in a peaceful place with few Muslims?
Why are muslims not allowed to hang photos of their family on the walls of their houses?
Are Uighur parties involving music and dancing permissible?
Why are women not told to hit their husband?
Life of the prophet Muhammad, peace and bless be upon him
I am looking for a company that I can invest in-ex;Buy shares - That is nearly 100% halal
Non of you are believers till he loves his brother for himself does it apply to women too?
Is it haram and sinful to be greedy in other's dua and asking Allah not to grant them?
Are all ‘houris’ female?
Alcohol in fictional story
Is it sinful to make a dua to ask Allah to reject another person's dua?
Should one always defend Islam when spoken of negatively?
Can a strong athletic girl help Isa (Jesus) in his fight against Dajjal?
Can my parents enter paradise
Can we use name "Aleem"?
Is it allowed to do Musafaha with one hand?
Can't grow a full beard due to injury and scar. What would it be suggested I do in Islam?
Can my mother prevent me changing my name?
Does Allah send a person to hell if he is mad at them?
Is polygamy strictly forbidden for women in Islam?
Is the hadith "He who doesn't ask Allah, he gets angry at him" authentic?
What is the correct definition for "Shia"?
I have been lying for years and now cannot get out
I'm not sure whether me and my ex husband are divorced according to Islamic requirements
Is accepting prize money from playing table tennis(or similar sports) haram or halal?
What are duas? Are they the things that you want or the things that you need?
How can we offer Fard Namaz with just two people
Seeing a Devil is possible?
Is the debt forgiven if the lender forgot?
Dhikr/Zikir in islam?
Is the word 'grace' mentioned in the koran? If so what is the meaning of it?
How can an adulterer marry an adultress if they are stoned to death? And why is flogging and stoning both prescribed for adultery?
What to do when cap falls from head in salat?
Is not loving what you love for yourself for your fellow Muslims a form of kufr (disbelief)?
Why do some reciters add echo to Quranic recitations?
Why do people wear hats when they Pray?
Why people may be born disabled?
Is it Sunnah of Islam to always make dua?
Does Allah hate the playboys?
Is it allowed to insult sinners?
Surah Al-Kahf 18:9-22: What is this story about youths in a cave?
Why Muslim countries not well developed in science&technology?
Is lying to prevent a great sin allowed?
Can a Muslim man marry a non Muslim woman in her country as per her local laws and customs?
Definition of Martyr in Islam
Will allah punish me and never forgive me?
Death of Asma Bint Marwan
What does the Quran say about love?
In Islam, do double standards apply to women in regards to sex?
May a trained hunting animal kill the prey or must it only bring the prey alive?
Is it haram to eat an ice cream whose packaging contains an image that looks like Allah in Arabic?
Is it true that the Prophets and Allah hate and don't care for this dunya?
Is speaking without knowledge not about Islam still a sin? Is being biased haram?
Is dua not an option but an obligation?
How do you know if you believe in Allah?
Is it permissible for non-Muslim dimmis to propagate their faith in an Islamic State?
We are not divorced but my wife married third time. Is her marriage allowed?
What are the major sins in Islam?
I do not want to go to jannah anymore. Is this because of shaytan?
Missed Friday Prayers
how do i help a muslim friend?
Is it greedy of me to desire heaven?
Parents vs in-laws-- using bad words
What is the star sign in the mushaf.?
A Friend asking me whether it is OK to have doubts
Learn a music instrument
Are Jinns Another Name For An Angel
Is cryonics/cryopreservation haram?
Is my ghusl valid?
Are angels men or women?
Will Prophet Mohammad PBUH Be Resurrected At The End Of Days
Why Did Allah Allow The Jewess To Poison Prophet Mohammad PBUH
When is it permissible to eat cow, chicken, deer, etc., in non-Muslim countries?
Can I have someone other than my father as the wali?
Dressing modestly in the summer?
Is the name “Christine” haram?
Will Azrael himself get the souls of animals? (To die)
Will Jinns be with humans in the paradise and Hell?
Why is being LGBT a sin in Islam?
Marriage between brother and sister of two foster siblings
When someone blasphemes, can a person who witnesses it kill him and become a hero or martyr if he is executed for murder?
Is Arabic the language of Jinn?
Is pork head on planned mosque spot really a problem?
What is difference between blasphemy and criticism in Islam?
Do Sunni Muslims consider whole Bukhari as 100% authentic?
Does a disabled person with learning difficulties unable to generate income have to pay zakat
Did I Commit Gay Zina?
What is the best way to govern a country according to Islam?
I have been married for 9 months without sex; is my nikkah valid?
Is it sunna to sit around a white cloth after magrib prayer?
Why slaughtering of animals is not considered as cruel as opposed to what vegetarians think?
Was my marriage valid given that there was no wali and my husband had no witnesses of his own?
How do you convince an atheist that Islam is the true religion?
Is there any prohibition found that no sex for 40 days after the passing away of a father or mother?
What alternative do Sunni Muslims have today to Shiite system of Ijtihad?
Were the military adventures of Caliphs conquering land after land just?
Rubbing of covered private parts together without intercourse. Does it come under zina?
How could Muhammad have interpreted and taught the Quran?
What is the appropriate time to visit a grave?
Is it permissible for women to visit the graves of their loved ones?
Which denominations regard mermaids as halal?
Ruling for giving and returning Salam in written media?
Is it acceptable to pray any number of rakahs in Sunnah prayer?
Thinking of Prophet Muhammad Sallallaho Alaihi Wasallam during Namaz
Point of ihram for umrah
Is it acceptable in Islam for a married man to meet another woman and catch up with her without the presence of his wife?
Would it be permissible for me to translate a hadeeth, from English to Bosnian?
Is Bida'h a major sin or minor sin?
Is a woman allowed to marry a man once she was in touch with?
What would happen if someone died while he/she is junub (in the state of janabah)?
Why worship something you cant see?
Why cant the quran be edited, why does it have to be the final version?
Are there any rules of ghusl al mayit if the person died in a dry area?
Why does Islam want everyone to be converted into their religion?
In jannat can we marry someone we love and who was not our spouse
Are angels visible at the speed of light?
Do the phrases: "Allah ul-Akbar", and; "Allahu Akbar", have the same meaning?
Is it haram in Islam to read about sex?
What is the difference between "universal theory of fiqh" and "laws of fiqh"?
Is Marmite Halal/Haram?
Are women who are divorced after the consummation entitled to maintenance?
Why do we find Medinian verses in Meccan Chapters and vice versa?
Correct Pronunciation of Allah in common Islamic phrases
Cartoons That Offend Muslims
How to explain the recitation لَئِنْ انجــينا (verse 6.63) by Al-Azami in his book "The History of the Quranic text"?
What's in Quran that is not in the Bible?
The Hadith regarding "Ya Sariyya al-jabal", is it authentic or daif or False
What will happen to those who are mentally ill in the afterlife?
Isn't the whole concept of prophetism unjust?
Any scientific logic on prohibiting porn (pornography)?
Did Prophet Muhammad know/learn how to write?
Qareen allocated to each person
All Prophets apart from the 25 mentioned in Quraan
What verses should I recite when I pray and how can I keep up prayers while driving a truck?
Is it true that the Prophet Mohamed said he inspired himself from the Apostles of Jesus-Christ?
Drew animate things before knowing it is sin
Tahaara and waswas
Abu Lahab and Free Will
What's the historical development of ahadith book of Bukhari?
Is there a minimum length clearly specified in authentic texts for the beard?
Why are some foods haram for Muslims?
Do I still have a chance to enter Jannah, after purposely and knowingly committing shirk?
What about Qadha prayers as a converty? (Making up missed Prayers for converts)
Thana (Dua Isteftah) is necessary on missing Rakah or not?
Why do people say that plucking eyebrows is haraam?
How do some people know that a certain person/group will go to hell?
Jesus' was a muslim?
Why don't some of the sects stand and recite Salawaat and Salam upon Prophet Sallallaho Alaihi Wasallam?
Is it halal to eat the booty?
Different versions of Arabic Qur'an
Is Earning From YouTube Halal?
Love Marriage in Islam with non-muslim girl
New Muslim in need of help
Do Salafis disapprove of Nowruz?
If a body part is colored by Hindus in Holi, will it be struck off on judgement day?
What is the ruling regarding Hadith Rejecters?
Masturbation is haram but what is the scientific reason?
Is swallowing dead sperm Zina or still a graveful sin?
Swearing by Allah's Name
How can pain sensation is restricted to skin according to Quran
Should a woman pray when she has discharge?
Is it okay to swear by the Quran to refute a claim made about me?
What to do when I'm incapable of finding a partner to marry due to a medical condition?
How much does a prayer for a bump take to appear?
How can Muhammad be illiterate when the very first order he got was "read"?
Earn Money By Sharing Islamic Content is Haram?
Doesn't Qur'an 47:4 put an end to slavery?
Can donate money I promised to donate during Ramadan to a friend who is in financial trouble?
Islam and the enslavement of children: Punishing the sons for the sins of the fathers
Is Qur'an the finest piece of literature in Arabic?
What is the Shia view of Abdullah Ibn Umar?
What should a wife do if the husband has given more then 3 talaq's and denying it according shari'a?
Will everyone convert to be a Muslim before Qayamat?
Why were there no female Prophets?
Why did Allah not punish Iblis as soon as he disobeyed?
Why are we punished for the sins of others, e.g. Adam and Eve and children for their parents' wrongdoing?
What should be a Muslim's attiutude towards the teachings of Eckhart Tolle, mindfulness and zen buddhism?
Is it permissible to use Qur'anic quotes as decorations?
Will my salah be accepted if I pray at home?
Is wearing shorts and leggings under for soccer Haram?
How much of Surah Al-Baqarah need to be recited for protection of the household?
Is it permissible to write blogs about cricket or football and earn money via AdSense?
Is doubting a person who is trying to prove the Qur'an scientifically accurate a sin or disbelief?
Are Islam and classless society mutually exclusive?
Is it permissible for Muslims to receive subsidy for performing Hajj?
Can a man marry his half sister's daughter?
Will Angels still not enter a home if there are pictures of animate objects in cupboards, drawers or boxes?
Is it sinful I want a divorce from my husband?
Are Muslims allowed to pray for Kafirs?
Can we recite two or more surahs in one rakat when praying?
What should a son do if he knows that his mother has committed a crime?
Is promoting anime permissible in Islam?
Why? Do scholars like Zaik Naik and others like him use the bible to prove to the kuffar that Islam is the right?
If wife can't get pregnant, is it allowed to have a surrogate mother in this situation?
Why? Did Allah choose Isa(Jesus)(as) out of all the other prophets to be born a miracle? And choose him to come back before day of judgment?
Sharia law: If a women can't prove rape will she get punished for that?
Can Djinn be captured by human?
Isn't sharia law contradictory to Allah being merciful?
How should I deal with unwanted attention when I start wearing clothes according to Islamic principles?
What does Quran and the Hadith say against abusing women?
Is there evidence that combining prayers is not permissible without hardship?
Does making fun of the short beards of Muslims amount to kufr?
Is there any evidence in the Qur'an or Hadith which permits delaying Adhan?
If the wine in heaven doesn't get you drunk, what's the point of having alcohol in heaven then?
Why are there different Islamic Schools?
Is the following Hadith which says prophets would never get decomposed true or false?
Is it possible to send a satellite to Jannah?
Does the soul ever die?
When and why does Allah's mercy become unavailable?
Will the Mahdi be born or just come from Heaven?
Is it Zakat, if you donate to different charity organizations?
Purpose of verses in the Quran which humans do not understand?
The soul goes to barzakh, how did Muhammad (saw) see people in Jannah and Jahannam?
I have given up playing music because it is haram, but I find myself addicted to pornography; should I return playing music occasionally?
Requirments of a tawba after a person commites shirk
Is online dating permissible in Islam?
Should we include TV shows or series in the definition of "idle talk"?
If music is haram, what do you do with musical instruments? And what about music you hear unwittingly?
If a girl is not a virgin, can nikah be valid without a wali?
Is there any life after death before the day of judgement?
What is the definition ties of Kinship?
Zina, promise of marriage
If we found a dead body somewhere, and need to bury it do we consider it a Muslim body or not?
Is conversion between Islamic denominations considered apostasy?
Can we give Walima before nikkah
Is there clear answer to the Problem of Hell?
Is the belief that people who want to leave Islam should be put to death a widely held interpretation?
A woman I would like to marry is married to another man; what am I to do and how can she get a divorce?
Does the soul sleep after death until the day of resurrection?
In love with a non muslim girl who I want to convert to Islam - is this halal?
Is it halal to eat food that contain alcohol as one of its ingredients?
Is it permissible for a husband to press his wife's feet when her feet are in pain?
Are there any foods that have been suggested in Islam for a good sex life?
Why Allah created Germs?
Should I marry a Muslim girl without my parents' permission?
If I put on clothes with dry najasah (dry impurities), will my wudu be broken?
A friend asked me about "the hate speech of Islam"; how should I reply?
Surat Al-Mutaffifin [83:22-25] says the righteous will be given to drink wine, what does it mean?
How to continue prayer if one found out he missed or added a rak'a or a part of the rak'a?
Are all the people except Muslims going to end up in Hell?
Is there any hadith about giving meaningful or meaningless names?
Are there any Islamic teachings on child education?
Can I not hate homosexuals?
Are videos haram or halal (given that images are haram)
Is the hadeeth your mother 3 times then you father sane or fabricated
Is it wrong to meet a boy or girl before marriage and hold hands and talk to each other on the phone?
Is istinja' necessary for ablution?
Does the wife have the right to reject sex?
What does the Qur'an say about freedom of speech?
Is it haram to have a crush on someone?
Who exactly is the antichrist, and what is his power?
Why would this teaching only matter if the man is in an Islamic state?
Is to say "God" the same as to say "Allah"?
Is it okey to pray salah in a room where I have my own pictures?
Are Sunnah prayers obligatory in Islam?
What are the rewards of observing nafl fasts?
Do I need to wash every part three times during ablution?
From when and which perspective Imam and Muajjin of Masjid started to get paid?
Inheritance on grandfathers property
Is there a ruling that says a man has to wear a head cover, in general or during prayer?
What is the punishment of zina in this world, and in the hereafter?
Is jihad an integral part of Islam?
Do I go to hell for not believing in the Hadith at all?
I married my wife without my parent/guardian's permission; is it valid?
What is Islam's perception of chastity?
Can someone marry a wife of his maternal uncle after the separation of that uncle and aunt?
Why is plucking the eyebrow haram?
Why are men not told to cover from head to toe in a thick outer garment?
Why are women not allowed to go out alone even in today's society?
Is there a way to envisage Allah, in order to better feel His presence?
Are there any hadiths/verses that indicate a Muslim's approach to the media?
Is there a book which can help with Quranic Arabic?
Can we Use Beer Shampoo?
What is the meaning of abandoning the Qur'an?
Is modest cultural dresses better than simply modest dresses for Muslims?
Does saying kobul to a male 3 times without parental consent get you married?
Can I delete Qur'an recitation audio clips from my phone?
Does dua really work?
Am I allowed to have female friends according to Islam?
Is it righteous to give zakat or sadaqah from the income of a job which requires ongoing bribery to keep?
Is Adam (a.s.) considered a rasul?
Is fingering wife's vagina legal in Islam?
In Islam, does masturbation break chastity?
Not praying in masjid when imam is a government paid employee?
Must you be smiling and exited to make prayer?
Are women permitted to go near the graves or graveyards to perform Jiarat (Dua) for the dead?
Is it blasphemy to question Islam?
What people recite having their right-hand on their forehead after every fajr salat?
Is it OK to teach banking related subjects in school?
Who is the "witness from the Children of Israel" mentioned in Surah Al-Ahqaf, Verse:10?
What do I do if I missed joined prayers?
Difference between Rabbul Alamin and Rabbil Alamin
What are the consequences of offering obligatory prayer while unaware of being in a state of impurity?
Dua after namaz or dua in namaz
How do I get rid of irrelevant thinking?
How does Allah preserve his revelations throughout human history?
Was Prophet Muhammad (pbuh) a christian before the first ayah was revealed to him?
Have I been denied the right to marry?
Is it permissible to work in a bank in Islam?
How many adhans are there for Friday prayer?
Why is homosexuality considered a sin?
Is it ok to use Islamic donations as tax deductibles?
How did Angels know that mankind would spill blood prior to their creation?
Is San-J soy sauce halal?
How Muslims should deal with Islamophobia?
How to avoid masturbation and sincerly repent doing it?
Is it compulsory for Imam of a masjid/mosque to have a beard?
What is the punishment for breaking an oath to Allah about playing games?
Can women pray in public, like men?
In Islam, what happens to a person after his death?
Is there any saying about "Bindi" anywhere in the Qur'an or hadith?
If you take drugs fewer than 30 days prior to Ramadan, is your salah accepted?
Would Allah ever decrease our good deeds?
Is it permissible to chat with my fiancé?
Why did Noah's wife go to hell according to Quran?
Are tattoos allowed in Islam?
Is it haram to use something that was not faithfully obtained?
If a girl marries her boyfriend without her parents' consent, is their marriage accepted by Allah?
At what alcohol percentage is a volume of alcoholic seasoning/condiment considered haram?
If two men could have a baby (e.g. via stem cells), would it be haram?
Is it permissible to give the name Manaf (مناف)?
Does Allah accept a mother's bad dua' for her children?
Why is prophet Muhammad different from other prophets and why this makes him so important?
Explanation of AT-TAHRIM verse 1 (66:1)
Do you bury a Mus'haf when it becomes too worn out to use?
Ruling on shortening both sides and back of the hair more than the middle
What is the significance of saying: "Mustafa", after saying the name of the Messenger (peace and blessing of Allah be upon him)?
Why did Caliph Umar ban women from attending mosques?
Drinking water in three sips: If a person is going to drink three glasses of water than can we take an interval between each glass?
Are there any Islamic schools of thought that reject the literal hell?
How to remove or solve a possible shirk Issue from Verse (43:84)?
How am I supposed to pray when I'm having terrible headaches?
Do Muslims hold the biography (Sira) of Prophet Muhammad with the same status as the Quran and Hadith?
Does momentarily thinking about if a Hindu god exists amount to committing shirk?
What are we recommended to do or frowned upon on Friday's according the Qur'an and Sunnah?
Is it permissible for men to carry gold, golden objects, or equipment coated in gold?
Zulkarnain is Jesus, is it possible
Is it allowed to call anyone "son" except our own child?
Are video games permissible?
If it really is makruh to name a child after an angel, then why do so many Muslims have the names Maalik and Raqib?
Why were the Sunni Imams of fiqh made imams and nobody else?
Is pleasuring yourself without ejaculation permitted?
What is the meaning of gigantic angels in Nahjul-Balagha?
Is Sharia law man-made?
Facing the Qiblah during salah
Can I ask for a divorce from my husband who has cheated on me?
Accurately get Qiblah direction
Fingering your own anus for masturbation purposes
Is it appropriate to avoid family members who don't practice, and whose behavior is "evil"?
Is forex trading halal from an Islamic account?
Are authentic English translations of Ihya Ulum-al-deen available?
Does Quran agree with Bible and Eastern theologies in that man is created in the image of God?
Gambling: is it haram if i dont keep the profit gained? Is it haram if my loses are protected?
Are there any Quran verses or strong hadith about the treatment of slaves?
What happend to the second garden of the disbeliever?
What does "seven Earths" mentioned in Quran al Kareem and hadith mean?
Can a man marry step sister of his wife
Where was Mujadid and Imam Mahdi in the 14th century?
What is dajjals donkey and its actual meaning
Investment without accepting loss on the invested amount. Permissible or not?
Is it recommended to complete reading the Quran once in Ramadan?
Is everyone alive today a descendant of Prophet Adam (AS)?
Immediately after the shahadah, what is the phrase used in the chant, (besides Allahu Akbar)?
Mother is diagnosed of terminal illness and she is too negative about it
Is it okay to perform a dua in Other than Arabic language?
Antichrist is destined to be an Antichrist?
Could you please translate some of the references made in Dr. Khaled Abou El Fadl's article "Dogs in the Islamic Tradition and Nature"?
Is Allah a male or a female?
What does the word "Shia" mean?
Is arbitrage betting haram?
Saying |ameen" when is it appropriate to respond with the word "Ameen"
Does proclaimed belief in the oneness of God bring a non-Muslim closer to the Ummah?
Does Qur'an 99:6-8 imply that everyone can enter paradise regardless of their beliefs?
Is it allowed to make Prophets in movie or book?
What does “Jazakumu Allahu khairan wasalaam” mean?
Did Muhammad (pbuh) ever go to Jerusalem to spread the word of Allah?
Naming a company after one of the (99) names of Allah
Is hiring a non-Muslim maid permissible?
What does "obey" mean in "righteous women are devoutly obedient" in Qur'an 4:34?
Rapid Recitation of Quran during Taraweeh Prayer
Non-muslim friend asked me "Is Allah sadist?"
Why did the creation of Earth take longer time than the creation of the Universe?
What Duaa is to be recited before breaking the fast and at the beginning of the fast?
Earning from a blog that provides cracked softwares for download?
Did any sect/denomation ascribe divinity to a person?
Can my mother forego Ramadan fasting due to long term illness and old age?
Can I fast without suhoor (not during Ramadan)?
Muhammad (saw) wanting to marry daughter of Ibn Abbas is this hadith authentic?
Salah- Taraweeh & Tahjud
Is sleeping a necessary condition for Tahajjud (night prayer)?
From the Islamic perspective, how can a Christian pray to Allah?
Did Muhammad say that black seeds can cure any disease?
Re-continuing reading the Qu'ran: should I continue or restart?
Does Islam allow parents to abuse their children?
Reading Qu'ran even we do not understand Arabic during Ramadan?
Changing my name upon conversion
If I smoke before Ramadan, but not during Ramadan, does it affect my fasts?
If I convert, must I have a beard?
What is the difference between qiyas and istislah?
Am I allowed not to fast if I slept in and didn't make niyyah (itention)?
Reading the Quran from the beginning
Is creating a news website to earn from AdSense halal?
Why does the Quran keep saying that man was created from sperm?
It is allowed to play and make video games?
Eating something haram unintentionally, will my prayers be accepted?
Is spelling the name "Ali" as "Alee" wrong?
Hanging kaaba and other holy places or dua pictures
Why do Muslims say Subhan Allah, Alhamdulillah and Allahu Akbar for 33 times after daily prayers?
Can Wudhu Substitute Ghusl?
How to repent after breaking a fast by masturbation?
Is it obligatory to pray Taraweeh in the mosque?
Is Earning Money From Youtube Halal?
What does it mean for one tribe to be stronger than another?
Families whose children practice Ramadan
Should a Muslim not conceal being a Muslim from others?
How humans think when we are in the hevean or hell ? Do we have the same thoughts or insights same as we used to be before we die?
What is the logic behind stoning satan?
Is castration permitted in Islam
Can a Muslim man open a restaurant in Ramdaan during fasting hours?
Figuring out right calculation method of prayer time
Going from "never prayed in my life" to my first prayer?
What to do when passion for Work exceeds passion for Islam?
Why did Mohammed Ali's coffin have cloth draped over it?
Is Qur'an a book of science?
How can I recite the holy Qur'an when I can't keep my ablution?
Can we pay zakaat money or other donations for purpose of planting trees specifically?
If a person has broken their fast for a valid reason, should they eat differently?
Can I do banking job?
Is music totally haram?
Are there any authorities that discuss what happened to all Muhammad's captives?
Non-Muslims and hijab: Is it a problem for them to dress modestly in Islamic ways?
Does "not performing gusl" have any effect on one's fast?
Best way to save a marriage which has differences
Is it permissible to offer Sunnah prayer while Fajr congregation prayer is going on?
Why did Muslims attack Iran?
What did Allah teach David in Surah Al-Baqarah, Verse 251?
صاع and مد According to Ja'fari Fiqh
Is there any online fatwa QA website for Shafi Fiqh?
How to repent from apostasy?
Can I break my fast on the day of my exam due to diabetes?
Is receiving money as interest from bank deposits haram?
Are you allowed to use saved interest money to pay interest?
Is violence especially discouraged during Ramadan? And what about lesser jihad?
Is it a sin if husband divorce a wife?
Did our beloved Prophet Muhammad (saw) kiss Hassan & Husein, is this Hadith authentic?
Is it permissible for one who did tayammum (dry ablution) to lead (in prayer)?
With money saved for buying a house, part of which put towards an investment which has yet to give returns, what am I obliged to pay for zakaat?
Is it shirk to call someone lord/god/goddess as a show of respect?
Salawat (durud), Sending Salam to Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him during Salat in Tashahhud
What is the prescribed time to start fasting from?
What does the attribute of Allah "shafiul mudhnibin" mean?
How a woman can perform her taraweeh at home?
Is it permissible to exercise if it stimulates the prostate, building up sexual tension?
How can the Hadith be reliable when Sunnis and Shia follow different points of reference?
What should I do if I am doubting whether I am pure or not?
Sharing videos in website is halal or haram?
How to make my wishes come true
Is there any verse in the Quran about personal protection?
Where can I find Arabic Quran recitation resources such as audio without Tajweed?
If someone do not pray 5 time, is he/she Kafer?
Is this hadith still valid? "...spread peace, feed the hungry, and pray at night when people are sleeping..."
Was the Injeel ever written in book form?
Catch up with rapid recitation in taraweeh - skip sana?
Is trying to prevent death or hiding a sin kufr?
Is this sort of business classifies as Riba?
What is the view of Sunni brethern about apointment of caliph?
Does 'Allah' mean 'the-God' in Arabic?
prayer in group is it mandatory?
Performing Hajj in behalf of someone who is old
What does the Quran mean by punishment in Al-Baqarah?
Is Friday prayer replacement for Duhur prayer?
Can dua help me achieve certain grades on my exams?
How to give in charity on behalf of one's late father?
Do males wear under garments in Ihram?
Why does Allah create someone whose fate is hell?
Not observing Ramadan for medical / weight reasons
Are there any secular scholars who explore Muhammad's reasons for not being explicit about succession?
Is it important to follow one of the four mazhab in Islam?
How to respond when you hear multiple Azans(call to prayer)?
Is it permissible to wear minimal clothing, exposing awrah, when alone?
Is zakat applicable on the amount I have paid in installments for a property?
Is wine banned or is alcohol banned? Can we use products, such as deodorant, which contain alcohol?
Meaning of ' بين يديه '
Contradictory hadiths on the most beloved individuals to the Holy Prophet in Jami at-Tirmidhi
Will Allah accept my prayers during the fasting days to make up for masturbating?
Is art (of faces, eyes, etc.) halal in Islam?
Need a reference for a hadith about staying at the grave after burial
When should I break the fast for iftar when I can hear multiple adhans at different times?
Muslim women marrying non-Muslim men when the couple are incapable of producing offspring?
Is it necessary to mention age on nikkah papers?
I have a bank loan, a monthly salary, and no savings from my salary. Do I need to pay zakat?
Food manufacturing during Ramadan
Can I give Zakat to a Non-Muslim?
Ask Allah a spouse whom I love
Why is Surah Fatiha in the first person?
Can Muslims have sex with female slaves (Kaniz in Persian)?
why does Allah Hate me?
Are all Muslims supposed to follow Prophet Muhammad's (pbuh) example?
If I give sadaqah is that recorded for my father, given that he supports me?
Coming to terms with the inability to forgive someone before entering Ramadan?
When to make up for non-fasting travel days during Ramadan? Is there a clash with Eid al-Fitr?
Living in the suburbs Haram?
Meaning of the word "zafeer" in quran
Who is the person whom Allah gave his signs, but he detached from them?
Does tasting salt break one's fast?
Do I need ghusl after after leaking from my penis when being affectionate with my wife?
Is Agriculture frowned upon?
Is it permissible to wear gold to celebrate a baby boy?
Does being forced to sign separation papers count as talaq?
What can a man do to satisfy his sexual desires when he cannot have relations with his wife?
Does cleaning or filling of teeth breaks fast?
Dua's to recite while praying.
Is calling someone "a god" to mean "a very nice person" shirk?
May women have short hair?
At age of 12 One of Christian father told to our prophet that you will become as a prophet. Who is that father?
Which is better, praying in jamaah but not focus or praying alone but focus?
Can someone join a group of people to travel to a tourist site while fasting?
Does my fajr namaz count if I prayed 20 mins before sunrise?
Does liquid coming up to the throat invalidate one's fast?
What's the refering time in Sura Al-Isra 7?
Can I marry a non-virgin women by myself being a virgin muslim
Hadith regarding a donkey that came to the prophet S.A.W
Can we send the reward of recitation of Quran or other ibadah to relatives who died?
How does Islam interpret fossilized remains of man's evolutionary ancestors?
Can anyone provide a reference to the destruction of Kabah?
Do wet dreams invalidate the fast in Ramadan?
Abu Dharr insulting Bilal Abu Dharr called Bilal ‘son of the black woman’? Authentic Hadith?
Are there any scholars who explore Muhammad's thinking concerning the Satanic Verses?
If the husband is fasting for Ramadan and the wife is not fasting, is it permissible to have sex?
Am I going to hell because I'm gay? homosexual? attracted to the same sex?
Is wearing a tie haram?
What should I do to repent from backbiting?
If a Muslim fakes a baptism, is he considered an apostate?
Does sperm release due to wet dreams invalidate fasts?
Does oral sex during the day in Ramadan invalidate the fast?
The Purpose of gaining knowledge
Ruling on keeping the father's name in Islam
Urine drops come after urination for 10-15 minutes but some time any time
Continue eating food after siren
In what context is the word unseen for jinns used in Qu'ran 34:14?
Is Islamic marriage to a man who is already married considered zinah?
How do unmarried women with no mahram go on a pilgrimage to Mecca?
Which school of fiqh recommends this recitation in witr prayer?
Was iblis the only high ranking jinn who was told to prostrate to Adam (a.s.)?
Does a shower followed by wudu count as ghusl?
Attending a baptism: Haram or shirk?
False witnesses to marriage without females consent?
Did angels visit all Prophets and Messengers?
How to interpret "A women who reveals her body or even wears tight fitting clothes wont come within 500 years of the smell of Jannah"?
Is Prophet Muhammed(PBUH) part of Ibrahims(PBUH)'s family?
Answering an Atheist about Abrahamic religions?
If I broke 38 fasts by masturbating, do I need to make up for 60 times this number of days?
Can people with disability use computers to pray in their locality?
Do I have to say this dua before every salah?
Do these accounts of military offensives under Abu Bakr align with Muslim historical scholarship?
After eating until 1/4 of the fajr adhan had passed, is the fast valid?
If a muslim doubts the Quran, does he immediately become a non-muslim?
Are the slave and the slave owner equal? (Quran 16:75)
Organ donation in Islam
Is Islam the perfect religion?
Should I continue the fast after experiencing a wet dream?
Is Qur'an 22:39-40 permission only for self-defense, or also permission for retribution?
Jummah (Friday) prayer without ghusl
Is Allah negotiating with Iblis (Satan) in Quran 15:34-44?
Giving money to family on Eid
Is masturbation haram or not?
Istikhara &marriage
Is Islam really a religion of peace?
Why does Moses seem to take Khizr slaying a boy lightly?
The book of Al-Bidayah wan nihayah By Ibn Kathir?
What is the position of mad or psychopathic people in Islam? What are they going to get in the afterlife?
What is the Islamic ruling on Fatwas and how should those Fatwas be treated in the light of Islam?
I had unintentional sex with my wife while fasting. Can I still proceed with fasting? Are there other consequences?
How can one make up prayer missed due to work commitments?
Can Wife celebrate Eid with her parents?
Is it wrong to "sever ties of kinship" in the case of an abusive relative?
How do I convince my parents that I should marry the girl I like? Am I sinful if I deny my parent's choice? Are they sinful if they force me?
Seeking a reliable source on the frequency of words in the Quran
A Muslim woman should not dye her hair "in the manner of kaafir women"; what does that preclude?
What is the meaning of Shirk and the meaning of Tawheed? What is the difference between these two?
Does praying four rakaats before and after zuhr make the fire of Hell haram?
I want to get married with the intention of only having sex?
Voluntary fasts just after Ramadan
If God does not like dogs to be kept as pets, why is it not in the Quran? Is the hadith about dogs untrue?
How do i know my Ramadan is accepted?
What does the spiky symbol at the beginning mean?
What is the fate of a deceased baptized child?
Is building a hackintosh computer haram?
Does Islam allowed the rape of female slaves?
Is there philosophical reason for unclean things (nejasat) in Islam?
Is there an equivalent phrase to "A Child Made in God's Image" in Islam?
How to properly do dua?
How is a women in her menses supposed to make dua without making wudu?
How many spellings do exist for Quran's text? How many rasm-al-mushaf do we have?
Why did Amina never remarry?
Marriage and divorce
What Islam says about praising others?
Do I have to pray tahajjud prayer after waking up from deep sleep?
Is it improper to pray for someone you only know online?
Is it part of the Sunnah to fast for 6 days in the month next to Ramadan?
Are school proms haram?
Is school/work a valid excuse for missing jummah
Are we discouraged from reading tafseer without an A'lim?
What are the scriptures which every Islam follower should abide by?
Does crying because of a sin break the wudu or invalidate prayer?
Has any scholar/mufti responded to Answering Islam's webpage "The Dilemma of Jihad Doctrine"?
Was the Imam talking about Barzakh or Day of Judgment?
Can we pray with make up on?
Divine language(s) in Islam?
Are clay charms haram?
How to perform funeral if the body is not found?
Shaving in Islam
Where and to whom can I ask for answers to my questions and doubts?
Can animals see the angels and jinn and hear the cries of the dead?
Does marriage happen by fate or it completely depends on our decision?
What is the entire meaning of Surah Hajj, verse 77?
Can do istikhara for marrying (or not marrying) a girl from a particular country?
Does "be moderate in your pace" (Quran 31:19) forbid Muslims from walking fast?
Direction at which to look while praying
Those who enjoy pain: where do they go?
What does Islam say about birth of living being?
Can I perform sujud shukr without wudu/ablution?
Is it permissible to wash Ihraam-towels with scented products before Hajj?
Heaven becomes boring?
Is this hadith about a tree taking shahada miracle by Muhammad (saw) authentic?
Should I pray the witr after Tahajjud prayer?
Is it reasonable for an infertile woman to pray to bear a child?
Does the Quran support other unknown life?
Is Allah in the lowest heaven all the time?
Can I pray tahajjud with only sura Fatiha, and sura Ikhlas?
What is Sunni’s view about the conflict between suggestions (imarat) and practical principles?
Is there a time limit for making up a salat?
Why can't I find proof for Islam that I can see for myself?
Will a muslim be punished if he feeds a dog?
Why is there a difference of opinion on sex changes for transsexuals?
What exactly were the problems Muhammad experienced due to being an orphan?
Qada' of nafl/sunna prayers
Why do Shia hold Aql (intellect) in a higher position in comparison with other sects?
Flipping the Mu'tazila argument against the Quran being co-eternal with Tawheed on its head?
Is miracle considered the fundamental proof of the validity of the Qur'an?
Why near 17 percent of Quranic words start with 'wa' (وَ)? Can we detach 'wa' from those words?
What is Sharia Law?
Can you please elaborate Sûrah al-Anfâl: ayat 53?
Halal & Happy Realtionship
Can a woman who converted at a late age (25 for example) show her pictures without hair before she converted?
Prohibition from drinking water from a broken or a cracked vessel
Can the Prophet tell when a person is forgiven by Allah from their legally punishable sins?
Is it permissible for a Muslim to rent a venue for a wedding, where the venue has a liquor license?
What caused the decline of the Bani Hashim, what form did the decline take, and why did it happen so quickly?
why did the quran says only the people of jonah benefited from faith?
The Dog of Allah?
Are we obliged to reduce prayer when on a journey?
Tawbah for a repeated sin?
Is it possibly to remarry my wife after three talaqs?
Can we supplicate to Allah without wudu/ablution?
Seeking an explanation of the hadith: "Fear the prayer of the oppressed, even if he is a disbeliever, for there is no barrier (between it and Allah).”
With debts, unemployment, disability, and old age, are we required to pay zakat?
What orthodox positions with regard to epistemology exist?
Is secularism compatible with Islam?
What is the prescribed punishment if one kills their slave intentionally?
I had an unlawful relationship. Will Allah forgive me?
Is the strage narration "...you should praise Allah and your anus" authentic?
Four untrustworthy hadith narrators of hadith said by al Nasa'i?
Hazrat Abu Bakr altercation with Hazrat Aisha?
Is it riba (a major sin) to have a mortgage from before I converted to Islam?
What happens if i don't know how to do one of the essential parts of prayer?
Are there any groups within Islam that reject Tafhim al-Qur'an by Sayyid Abul Ala Maududi?
Is there any ayah (quran ayat) which has been revealed by dream?
New & Overwhelmed
How do women dress in Islam?
How should I deal with the difficulties I am facing regarding daily prayers?
Will Jews go to Jannah?
Is listening to Brainwave Binaural forbidden?
married woman loves another married man
What if I find that after we have a nikah we are not compatible? (Sunni viewpoint)
The eye when awake is the string of the anus hadith?
How can one share good news without invoking the evil eye?
Authenticity of statement attributed to Abu Bakr: "If I had one foot in paradise, I would still fear Allah's deception"
Can I take a second marriage without permission of first wife?
About Namaz direction in Masjide Aqsa
Is making fun of marriage without thinking about its islamic part mockery of Islam
If the Bani Hashim were so weak by Muhammad's day, how could Abu Talib protect him from the powerful Quraysh?
What is the ruling on the fasting six days during the month of Shawwal?
What is the Islamic perspective on the divine name (the "tetragrammaton", IE "YHVH") given in the Jewish scriptures?
Is it permissible to use perfumes during menstruation?
Misinterpretation about the 72 virgins
Is it acceptable for Muslims to donate to Christian charities?
Are these silly lies haram according to Islam?
Would touching the private parts of our kids also invalid our wudu'?
Should I ignore company of these people who are doing some particular sins, but not an extremist?
Are muslims misinterpreting Surah Al-Imran?
Is there a way to reconcile the traditional chronology of early surahs with the biographies of Muhammad?
Is it parent's obligation to pay for boy's marriage
If statues are haram, why are there statues in Muslim-majority cities?
Is hoping that man can bring dinosaurs back to life kufr?
Should we speak about someone (when he is bad, and I'm sure about that) to aware others?
Want to get married but I am poor?
Hadith about protecting yourself from Satan when going to the bathroom
Relationship without any physical contact is acceptable?
What is the meaning of Meethaaq taken from the prophets (Anbiaa)?
Are there exceptions to owning dogs as House Pets in Islam?
I re-married before I was properly divorced from my previous husband; is my new marriage valid?
Are al-Tabari's Commentary (10th century) & Ibn Kathir's Commentary (14th century) on the Qur'an available online?
How many salat/prayer ordered by Allah (SWT) in a single day?
Is auto-fellatio haram?
Is it permissible for a male Muslim to check up on a daughter when requested by her mother?
Is it haram to withhold beneficial advice?
Is it forbidden to approach a random girl in the street in order to get to know her?
Why are some muslims mistranslating Surah Hajj, Ayah 52?
Is there a contradiction about the age of Earth with Quran 21:30 "...the heavens and the earth were a joined entity, then We separated them..."?
Is modesty without hijab possible?
Why killing an Animal is Halal, if killing innocent is Haram in Islam?
What are the similarities/differences between the four Madhabs? Charts?
What is the concept of hoolol in Sufism?
More fluent translation for Quran
Bukari Hadith Reference
Will the flag on the day of Judgment also be fixed behind the buttocks for the sinners and kaafirs?
What does it mean for a prayer to be invalid or not accepted?
Children being corrupted will they enter jannat?
Can we use pirated books on the Internet?
Missed Asr - how to make up
How does one perform Salah on a plane?
Is my father's irrational rejection of my marriage proposal enough of an excuse to have my brother be my wali?
Did our Prophet Muhammad SAW speak to Allah directly?
Does the corn parable in the Noble Qur'an incorrectly represent corn plants?
When a Muslim passes away (dies) - what happens?
Should a prayer rug look Islamic?
How can one better themselves and "wipe" past sins away (if it is possible)?
Is it haram to do freelancing work with Israel company
Is this a case of sighar marriage?
What if istikhara for marriage is positive for one partner and negative for the other?
Can Jinns (shaytan, iblees) read your thoughts and feelings?
What should I do about prior attempts at seeking relationships and the effect it has with my current fiancé?
Is the real name of Holy Prophet Muhammad (saw) Quthem? Is Abu Kabsha another name?
Should we not pray at 12 o clock in the night?
In Quran 2:34, what does Iblees not believe in?
Breastfeeding and marriage
Difference in pronunciation of a word in 4:163 (surat an-Nisa)
Does fear of impending earthquakes because of a friend's remark amount to believing in omens (tiyarah)?
Is Salafi a school of thought?
Is it legitimate to shorten (not shave) ones pubic hair every two or three weeks?
Are Muslims encouraged to read the Bible and/or the Torah? Why or why not?
Who are the "people of the message" in Qur'an 16:43?
Can a Shia boy marry an ahl e hadith girl in the light of shariah?
How does one pray in congregation?
What does it mean to "strive with wealth and lives" as mentioned in the quran?
Umrah related-particularly Ihraam
Is it haram to invest on a bank's stock that has interest as a source of income?
Is cursing allowed in Islam?
Are these ahadith about the Prophet liking women, perfume and food authentic?
If sins invalidate dua, isn't it impossible for our duas to be answered?
How to control bad thoughts about sex, swearing, etc.?
God wants to be known
Is 8ball pool of miniclip haram?
Is cross contaminated food Haram?
How to know when to pray?
Why the title 'Mothers of the Believers' for the wives of the Prophet SAW
Mustafa vs. Mujtaba. What's the difference?
is there any Contradiction between Surat Annisa ayat 78 and 79 ?
Which scholars deny possession of humans by jinn?
Why is singing haram?
Stomach Cancer dying as martyr?
Istikihara result - negative
Is going to dargahs(Shrine over a sacred grave) allowed in Islam?
Do i read the sunnah rakkats in the mosque
Incoherence and errors in past revelations
How to measure physical attractiveness in Islam before marriage?
What is the ruling on non-Muslims having Temples, Churches and Synagogues in Muslim lands?
Is it permissible to use "subliminals" in videos to change one's eye color?
Time of reading Sunnah prayer before the fard prayer
stunning animals before slaughter - different opinions
Looking at converting, have some questions
Status of al Waqidi as a narrator?
Can we marry non-chaste women of the book al kitaab?
What to do after peforming four raka'ats in magrib instead of three?
Eww, a bug. Squish! Wait, should I have not done that?
Is amazon affiliate marketing haram for the marketer?
Is washing nose, mouth and hands optional in ablution?
Is it okay to steal something from your thief?
Is it permissible to call your child ya mohammad?
Perform Nikah yourself?
Is Iddah required if the couple has been seperate for a time before divorce?
Confusion about Qur'an Qur’an 33:37 and 33:4-5 and Adoption ruling?
Is an imam required when making a marriage proposal?
Coping with translating the Qur'an into Chinese and Chinese characters (hanzi) which are caricatures of animals?
Will my zakat be accepted given that I am not performing prayer?
Does the Qur'an 75:39 ("He made of him a pair, male and female?") exclude the possibility of people who are neither male nor female?
What is the authenticity of that the hadith about Muhammad s.a.w entering Jewish Synagogue asking Jews to believe?
Can the imam give the Iqama?
Is photoshop is allowed in Islam?
Should Quran 42:50 "Or He makes them [both] males and females" be interpreted as referring to intersex people?
How does Shaitan travel around the world?
Is the words of Allah exactly the same as Allah?
Is Islam a pantheistic Religion?
How can I trust Allah?
explain verse 34 al nisaa to a female christian
I'm a transgender considering converting to Islam for boyfriend
Do angels enter our houses during the time of the Maghrib prayer?
In Islam is there another universe other than ours?
Is there a version of Wasalaam aleikum when greeting one person?
How do muslims respond to the accusation that Quran incites disunity amongst humanity?
In what ways did Muhammad's teachings improve the status of women?
What exactly does Allah mean when He says He doesn't forgive shirk?
Terror In Islam
What to do if I forget how to recite an ayah during prayer?
Is it wrong for a Muslim to say that no Hindus will go to Jannah?
What is the origin of livestock sacrifice for Eid ul-Adha?
What is the difference between the waswas (whispering) of the nafs (soul) and Satan
I committed zina (adulatery) and I feel ashamed
Should Qur'an 54:17 be interpreted as meaning the Qur'an is intended to be simple to understand?
In Islam, is sexual intercourse compulsory on the wedding night and does the nikah become void if it does not happen?
What do these parts of Bukhari trying to say?
Is Islam or Muslims anti-Semitic?
animal sacrifice during eid al adha for vegans and vegeterians
Are insects halal to eat?
Was Aisha (r.a) engaged before she married prophet Muhammad (s.a.w)?
To what extent is "thinking for myself" forbidden in Islam?
What is the book given to Jesus?
Looking for the tafseer of [40:12]
What are the 7 earths that is referred to in the Qur'an?
Which is worse: "believing drinking alcohol is not haram and not drinking alcohol" or "believing drinking alcohol is haram, but drinking alcohol"?
What wrong did Satan do?
Is making apps haram?
Are there any sects of Islam that believe the Qur'an has been changed?
Muslim immigration bans: if a Muslim is asked "are you a Muslim" should they nevertheless say "yes"?
Can we make a software that markets a artist to their audience?
Is Allah with us? Does he still tell us signs etc...?
Is backbiting from an anonymous online account still backbiting?
What does this mean in English: "tafsirbi’l-ma’thur"?
Can Jinn have sex with my wife?
Which is the priority: Performing Hajj or getting married?
Can two girls who love each other be together without marriage nor physical relations?
FreeLance: Getting full money but not yet completed whole work as we agreed
Obeying abusive parents?
What does being an obedient wife really mean?
Anal sex in a marriage
Is it halal to leave my wife who converted from Hinduism to Islam to marry me?
Is Al Khidr alive?
What is the correct distance of "Al Kauther "?
Close friend with non muslim
At what age did Mohammed(PBUH) passed away?
How can seemingly contradictory ahadith still be classified as sahih?
Is anal masturbation haram?
How does satan whisper to someone born deaf?
Adhan when it causes a disturbance to local non-muslim majority
The Prophet Muhamamd (s.a.w) pardoned a apostate from Islam?
Shaitan whispering or my own doubts about my wife watched something dirty
How can I pray the full salah when stuck at a small airport for an extended period of time?
Is it true that Allah will not accept any one's excuses after 60 years?
Is it true that Prophet Isa is not from the blood line of Adam?
What if person dies in debt?
Can human and jinn marry, and is it permissible?
What is the period of iddah after Khula?
Is Zakkat Applicable on the plot sale purchase?
Is poetry haram or halal?
Ibn kathir tafsir hadith about eternal erection in paradise?
How should I offer Friday prayers if the mosque is far way from where I live?
regarding wearing hijab at work
What are basic (osol al fiqh) differences & similarities between the 4 (existing) Legal Sunni Schools: Hanafi, Hanbali, Maliki, & Shafi'i? Charts?
What is the grade of the following hadith that talks about a future event?
What happens between death and the day of judgement?
How is Jesus viewed within Islam?
Is it possible to witness forgiveness by Allah?
Why is learning Islam on your own from books/youtube traditionally forbidden?
Is talaq via sms valid?
Is it true that the angel of death will get itself?
Scandalizing Muslims by Muslims
How should one finish his prayer if he joins the jamaat in the third or the fourth rakat?
Status of falsafa in sunni islam?
Did Umar have more than four wives after Muhammad revealed the restriction on men to having at most four?
How should one react to being wronged by someone that is heedless and takes advantage of Allah's mercy?
Is gay sodomy considered a worse sin than straight sodomy?
What is the difference between these terms referring to a majority of scholars: Ijma', Jumhoor and Jamaheer?
I want to ask God for forgiveness for an abortion
Salat started later
What exactly do shia scholars mean with 'aql (intellect)? Explain with examples!
Are awlia al shaytan what is termed psychopaths in the west?
Whom did the Prophet divorce?
Hadith about Allah's rulings on his servants?
What does reading surahs during salah in a reverse way mean?
Catching Salat just before the last word of last Salam
Different day of Eid around the world?
Is this hadith authentic? "Only an honorable man treats women with honor and integrity...."
Is firasat al mo'min -the believers- (فِرَاسَة المؤمين) the same as what in the west is called empaths?
Levels of approval/disapproval
What are the complete writings of Islam? Qur'an, Hadith, Ahadith, Sunnah, Tafsir, etc? How do they relate to each other? Chart? Map?
Sending salaam to prophet Muhammad (s.a.w.) during prayer
Permissibility of Ghusl or wudu from dirty river water?
I have ceased contact with a boy I sinned with, but described this sin to my friends. How do I repent this, and repent backbiting?
How is tazqiya al qalb related to talqiyya al siir?
Interested in learning more about Islam -- is there a podcast that goes over the history, basic principles, etc?
How does the Qur'an (and its commentators) explain the miraculous birth of Isa? Who is Isa's father?
What to do to prevent or overcome bank interest (riba)?
Why is Islam linked to terrorism and violence by global media?
Did Muhammad (saw) ever recite the entire Quran in front of the sahaba?
Is the Quran really preserved or are there missing parts of the Quran?
Do people who never convert to islam still go to hell even if they believe in God?
How does one "repel evil by good" in everyday life?
Why drinking is prohibited in Islam?
Is it appropriate to live in relative's home temporarily after marriage?
Who can be a chaperone when talking to a woman?
What is the responsibility of muslim father to his child born outside of marriage
What does "neither is Eid compulsory on her" imply?
Were all the verses of the Quran written down during the lifetime of the Prophet (s.a.w.)?
Is it halal to wear tights under jeans during Winter?
How many raka'ats of salat is to be recited before 4 raka'ats of farz of zuhr salat?
If a girl is a Christian and she reads/prays according to Bible - is it permissible for a Muslim man to marry her?
How many people could hear the prophet's speech at Ghadir?
Does somebody know the source of this hadith?
Which of the prophets and messengers are known to have drunk alcohol (if any)?
Do these hadith discredit all other hadiths?
Wife Betrayal revealed by my employing organisation. Company wants me to either divorce my wife or leave the job! What to do now?
Is it permissible for a Muslim man to marry a Christian woman who has a non-religious tattoo? (Sunni viewpoint)
Is it haram to build a temple management software application?
Is it okay if I eat at a halal restaurant that serves beer/alcohol?
Is the hadith "two things of your world were made lovely to me, perfume and women" authentic?
Will angels still enter my house if pictures of family and inanimate objects such as trees, pots, surahs, etc are hung up?
Is it halal to work in a motel?
Why did the women in Sura 12.30-31 cut their hands when they saw how "beautiful" Joseph was?
Why did Muhammad (s.a.w.) wear a cloak in surah 74 (al-Muddaththir)? Out of fear of his first encounter with the Angel Jibreel?
Before having relations with our non-Muslim spouse, should we say a dua to protect us from evil?
How many people were with Musa when he left Egypt?
Sahaba who married Christians and Jews
Does being racist take you out of the fold of Islam?
Is offering Salaah directly after eating non-vegetarian food permissible?
Can I eat Kosher meal according to Islam?
Is my prayer valid given that I wore pants which were dirtied by water splashed onto them by a passing car?
Does Islam teach that what a man says will manifest into reality?
How to know if Mosque is Shia or Sunni?
What is permitted as dowry, besides money, for the bride? (Sunni viewpoint)
When calculating moon phases and prayer times found acceptance among the scholars?
Is it permissible for Muslims to eat with non-Muslims?
Throne of Sheba bring by Jinn or Human?
Is it haram to pray salat while wearing a shirt with the Polo Ralph Lauren logo (featuring someone playing polo on a horse)?
What are the opinions on moonsigthing as per the classical scholars?
Is it permissible to touch, hug or kiss a family friend?
Does parents saying "the marriage is over" end the marriage?
What is al-Mawsoo’ah al-Fiqhiyyah?
Why do we use left feet to enter washroom?
Did the Prophet Muhammad (P.B.U.H) ignore durood shareef in his salah?
Hadith about Dajjal One Eye Lord is not one Eyed?
What is the difference between the soul and the spirit in Islam?
What does not being "obstinate in religious matters" mean in everyday life?
How to replace word "magic"?
Why do Muslims not share the meat of sacrifice with non-Muslims?
Can We recite any other durood in place of durood Ibrahimi in our salah?
What kinds of sin does hadith rejection lead to (if any)?
I forged a "right of wali" letter from my father and we lied to the imam about receiving mahr. Is our marriage valid?
Marriage with woman with child for earlier marriage
Is it common among Sufis to not feel obligated to pray, drink wine, etc.?
Does anyone know about an app being created to help the Muslim Community keep in touch via mobiles?
Can necessary medication be permissible even if it contains haram ingredients?
Can you explain the status of mursal hadith?
Is there any specific ayah in the Coran to oblige the wearing of hijab?
Is piracy a form of theft for the purposes of fiqh?
Hanafi school considers male circumcision optional. Wahabbism has a different stand on circumcision. Can wahabbi be a hanafi?
Does God Exist?
Paradise lies beneath your mothers feet Hadith shirk?
Could Muhammad have been killed in battle?
Is this hadith authentic? "Alcohol itself is prohibited and intoxication in every other beverage."
Are relations on Earth not valuable for Muslims?
Why do we mix faith in God with moral values?
Is there a hadith to the effect of "freeing slaves was the act that God found most acceptable"?
Is hair transplantation allowed in islam
Islamic new year beginning in Muharram
What would happen to the people of kaba in the judgement day?
Hadith of Allah reciting Qur'an before creation?
How do we explain the hadith regarding the sun's relation to the throne of Allah?
Is suicide a worse sin than murder? According to who?
Which Hadith relate to Nationalism and Tribalism?
How is it possible that the coccyx does not decay at all? What if the body was cremated?
What are Allah's mercy and justice, and how do they relate to each other?
Does "The Messenger of Allah forbade having intercourse with a pregnant woman until she gives birth" imply sex with one's pregnant wife is haram?
Does a woman of the people of the book have to wear the Islamic headscarf during her marriage with a Muslim man?
Are there narration chains for the coccyx/tailbone hadith that don't go through Abu Hurairah?
Marriage is delayed due to family situation but I want to do it earlier. How?
Does Allah have limitations? Is it shirk/kuffr?
Why do some Muslims fast on the 9th and 10th moharram even when it was abandoned by the Prohpet (saw)?
Light therapy: allowed or not?
Is this hadith about Muhammad embracing and kissing Zayd authentic?
Does Qur'an 5:41 mean that all Jews "listen eagerly to lies", or that among the Jews there are some who "listen eagerly to lies"?
Will Allah punish those who die while on their way to converting to Islam?
Muslim man and Catholic woman
Is al Hakims Hadith collection Al Mustadrak reliable?
Why is Hindu food not allowed? How are they najis?
Is it haram to have sex outdoor with one's spouse if no one can see them?
What is the modern-day applicability of "teach your children... horse riding"?
Can a Muslim man who has engaged in pre-marital sex marry a virgin woman?
Why the Jewish Pesach or Passover and the Islamic 'Ashura' don't fall on the same day?
Can Maryam be considered a prophet even though she's a female? Why or why not?
Does "...eat from what is near you" refer to what's on your plate, or what's shared on your table?
I asked Allah, then had a dream about a special person and I. Should I take this as an answer? Or is it all in my head?
Is it haram to accidentally make an oath to my husband that I did not do something I actually did?
Did Shaykh Ibn Taymiyyah Believe That Allah Looks Like a Beardless Man?
People of Jannah are "thirty or thirty-three years", but I wasn't a Muslim at that age. Does this have any relevance?
My husband married me temporarily but I did not know it was only temporarily,what should I do?
How does a Muslim pray in a non-Muslim environment?
What does a.s. mean?
If we are punished in the afterlife, will we know why?
What's a "Dweller of hell"?
How can someone legally be a slave according to Sharia law?
What was the earliest Hadith Book / Collection to be recorded?
Seeking advice regarding the abusive and argumentative relationship I have with my husband
For a newlywed couple, is a distanced relationship grounds for divorce?
What can a modern Muslimah learn from Mary, mother of Jesus?
Is posting a photo of a dead person permissible?
Are random rewards haram?
Ahadith about torture in the grave in form of dragons/snakes?
Polygyny -what is the purpose?
What does "interpretation of the meaning" signify?
Is making accounting software for handling e.g. interest haram?
When is it possible to take back your wife after divorce?
Can I marry a LDS/Mormon woman? I know the Qur'an allows marriage to believers, but are Mormons believers?
Is Renting a property Haram if the rent agreement contains Riba?
Is it permissible for a falsely accused person to pay a bribe out of fear for their life?
Does a person who curses others lose his right to intercession?
We made every living thing from water. Are Jinns "living" things?
Why should Musa want life and "attack" the Angel of death?
Is feeding a stray dog an act of sadaqah? Are the ahadith that relate to this authentic?
Could Allah be a Boltzmann Brain that evolved spontaneously from the uncertainty of the quantum vacuum?
Does a Muslim woman need to cover her entire body (including hands and face) during prayer if a non-mahram man can see her?
Did the prophet say this regarding fasting in the day of Asura?
Did Satan disguise himself as a serpent to convince Adam and Eve to eat from the Tree of Immortality?
Why does Allah command women to cover themselves?
Are Christians who believe in the Trinity considered People of the Book?
Modern art in Islam
What are the practices and beliefs of Islam regarding death?
Where does it say that the angels sent to Prophet Lut appeared like handsome young boys?
Based on this hadith, muslims will never go to jahannam
What amount of zakat we need to pay on clothes that have been gifted to us?
How to interpret the hadith concerning Umar on direction of prayer, hijab, and advising the Prophet's wives?
I'v heard that homosexuality is a genetic disease, but i don't know why Allah forbids homosexuality and why it is sin?
What to say before starting your prayers?
Is the hadith "...no superiority of an Arab over a non-Arab ... or a black person over a red person..." authentic?
Can one do sadaqa (voluntary charity) out of haram income?
Could I have unwittingly run over a jinn while driving?
Is it appropriate to flip a coin hoping that Allah will influence it in order to make decisions?
If a non-muslim recites the Shahadah with little or no imaan, will his/her Shahadah be accepted?
Does the word "anzalna"/"anzala" really translate to "iron" in Qur'an 57:25?
Is a hadith in Ibn Taymiyyah about whoever kills Rafidhas being promised paradise authentic?
Is this description of God by Ali regarded as valid by Sunni Muslims?
Is creating a chat app or application haram?
Why is "doing righteous deeds" not a pillar of Islam?
Did Allah accept my Shahadah given my doubts?
Do we have to change the name of the food which allegedly raises doubts?
What happens if a muslim speaks about his/her doubts?
Story of Harut and Marut and Planet Venus (Zahra/Zohra)?
Will sadaqah continue to be considered a good deed if it's used to fund an ongoing project?
What was the language of Adam?
Will my non-obligatory prayer be accepted if I had the intention not to pray if something occurs?
Allah name in clouds is Allah's miracle or are a part of random design?
How did Khadijah support Muhammad with her political power and influence?
Should I wait forty days after unintentional drinking before getting married?
What is the wisdom behind hiding adultery between spouses?
How does harm to honour and reason fall under the adage "necessity make forbidden things permissible"?
Why is murder considered a major sin when taking and giving life is only in the hands of Allah?
What is the explanation of this hadith? "...I give judgement on their behalf according to what I hear from them..."
Does the Quoran at any point say whether a Muslim should be able to kill for their religion or that they mustn`t?
Will the conquest of India not happen until towards the end time when Prophet Isa returns?
What does 'by right belongs' mean in this context?
Is mental health treatment sufficient to make permissible otherwise haram acts?
Does having doubts when re-reciting the shahada render it invalid?
Why Friday Salat is important for society? (Analyzing Friday salat from sociology perspective)
Is it permissible for a non-Muslim spouse to consume/eat haram thing while married to a Muslim?
Was there a Shadow of Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him?
Are these ahadith regarding reciting "Allah is sufficient for me..." seven times authentic?
Is it acceptable to pray sitting down because of laziness?
What is the grade of this hadith?
What is creation made of according to Islam?
How does one go about getting an Islamic divorce in the USA?
Why did Abu bakr divourced his wife Kabila, the mother of Asma and Abdullah ibn Omar his wife?
Can my parents force me to wear the niqaab islamically? If I don't wear it am I sinning?
Charity is prescribed for each descendant of Adam Where Can I Find This Hadith?
How can I ensure my prayer is accepted when I encounter impurities from a shared school bathroom?
Is it permitted to pray for the guy whom I love to get him as life partner? What is the best way to pray?
How does one repent from Zina and avoid it?
After istikhara dua, if something happens to make my goals easier, is it a positive sign?
Does "The True Furqan" meet the Quran's challenge?
Authenticity of Kanz al-Ummal?
How can the Masjid Al-Aqsa (Temple of Jerusalem) be built 40 years after the Kaabah?
Is harm through inaction a sin?
Are there any laws in islam that tells us it is a must to have marital intercourse upon closed doors?
How can you prove that "Christian miracles" are false?
Is there any prophet who is alive?
Is working in central bank haram which does not provide loans nor keep deposits based on interest?
Should one say Bismillah before eating snacks or drinking coffee?
Is reciting darood/salawat in front of Prophet Muhammad's peace be upon him grave permissible?
Is it Sunnah to light up agarbatti (perfumed incense sticks) after someone dies?
How do you remove hair from around your anus
What are the advantages of a temporary marriage for the female partner?
How can I determine whether or not a mobile phone background image is appropriate?
Am I a kafir because of my doubts?
I'm divorced and my potential wife has no family; would our marriage be valid with my friends as witnesses?
Is there any problem with praying the same salah twice?
Is earning through the foreign exchange market (forex) halal?
What is the meaning of the word مريب in Surah qaf, Ayah 25?
Why do Muslimahs not understand hijab in this day and age?
Does having doubts turn a Muslim into a non-Muslim?
Is there a sect-neutral tashahhud?
Are Muslims required to believe in things which are irrelevant to the message of the Quran?
Is Mohammed Taheri-Azar's statement about the Quran accurate?
What music is sutiable for an Islamic video?
Is there any verse in the Quran which states that dancing is haram?
What exactly is the challenge of the Quran?
Can you do masah / wiping on normal cotton socks?
Which mainstream Shia scholars say it's permissible for a woman to travel alone?
Is my pirated copy of Windows 10 halal, given that I ordinarily could have upgraded from Windows 7, but it got a virus?
Is video editing permissible in Islam?
Is it ok to remove pork and eat food?
What are the requirements (e.g. wali) for a Muslim-Christian marriage?
How does nikha mut'ah end, and can I immediately marry the same girl again or does she have to marry someone else first?
Is thunder an angel?
Does Islam support putting flowers on a grave?
How should I respond to my parents saying bad things to me?
Can we exchange our good deeds in order to get something in this world?
As a Muslim, is it appropriate to buy a friend a Bible?
Is tissue paper sufficient for the toilet?
As a non-Arabic-speaking Muslim, is it important to own a physical copy of the Qur'an?
How to overcome the relationship history of my intended wife?
Was Muhammad muslim?
Why do some masajid ask us to read Surah Fatiha in dua?
Do we need to check whether things are haram when they probably aren't?
Must we believe in a hidden variable for quantum indeterminacy?
If a muslim has doubts, can he treat it as waswas?
Giving pair of shoes as mahr hadith?
Can we demonstrate that the Quran is perfectly preserved?
Is there zakah on gold exchange-traded funds?
Is there any proof for prophet "mohammed nabi(A) is lay down in qaber for 1500 years"?
What does "mahram" mean?
Does this hadith means it is allowed to pray in not mandatory prayers reciting al-fatihah only?
Do my good deeds committed before converting to Islam count?
What are the rules for interacting with an individual that does not practice Islam?
What creatures are accountable on the day of judgement?
Levels of obligatoriness of rulings within schools of law
Is it permissible to say that specific individuals are among the dwellers of hell?
How to perform congregational (Jumah) prayer?
Why use the word Allah instead of God?
Can males pluck their eyebrows?
How do the rules for men travelling alone and women travelling alone differ?
Is it necessary to follow a particular madhab?
losing faith, hating life, want to die, and angery at Allah, don't know what to do
Is it permissible for muslim men to wear socks and pray salat?
What level of fluency should one have when discussing Islam in a second language?
What does this symbol from inside the Kaaba mean?
Are there sahih hadith giving instructions on how to pray or whether to raise or fold your hands when praying?
Can an old widow in her iddat be in her sons nikah?
Do I need any special approach to make a web service Sharia compliant?
Can I marry my grandfather's cousin's daughters?
Can a Muslim vote for non-Muslim governors or presidents?
Book 010, Number 3901
When did Judaism start as per Islam?
Story of Khalid ibn Walid cooking Malik bin Nuwayrah head?
Is it haram to have breast enhancement surgery to correct the asymmetry after a lump has been removed?
Are men who go topless sinners?
Where did the -unmarried- daughters of the Prophet (peace be upon him) stay after the death of their mother Khadija (May Allah be pleased with her)?
What to do if the husband wants oral sex but the wife thinks it's haraam?
What should I do when I want to marry a man but none of my relatives will be wali?
Is pseudoscience generally forbidden or discouraged?
Preference of interpersonal commandments?
After having pirated software on my computer, is it forever haram?
Paypal charges a tax while transferring money from account to account - is this Riba?
Is the God of the Qur'an the same god as the God of the Bible?
Are the "half your deen" hadiths authentic?
Is it necessary to use "Abdul" with the boy's name "Fatir"?
How can adventurous Muslim spouses spice up their sex life?
Can our imam act as wali for our nikkah, when my intended wife's family only allow her to date?
When is the time of response mentioned in this following hadith?
Is it permissible to marry a banker's son?
Is it permissible to take commission for converting other people's black money to white?
Does my husband need to visit a court to file for divorce?
Why can't our Sunni brothers agree to the curse of Muawiya ibn Abu Sufyan
Is taking an 'citizenship' oath that you don't believe in Halal?
Is ghusl required after e.g. reading lewd or inappropriate texts?
Does God decide when and how one dies? If one commits suicide, did God decide that earlier?
Is this hadith authentic not found in English version of Bukhari?
Do I need to sleep with someone to punish my husband for his affairs?
Is there a relationship between fasting on Mondays and Thursdays and the 5:2 diet?
How does dream interpretation distinguish itself from fortune telling?
Why is it haram for two people who truly love each other to get married, even if they have the same gender?
Why do some Muslims fold the top right of their prayer mats?
Advice / Cure for boredom in Islam
Is it appropriate to use the term "Semite" for Muslims?
Did Muslim women possess male slaves as their right hand?
Dua yunus for haajat or delivering distress of the believers
Difference between Mullah and Ullama
Translation and transliteration of Prophets saying
What is the kaffara on a bank loan with interest over the last two years?
Can a person raise his hand to make Dua inside salat after reciting tashahud and durood and before taslim?
How authentic is salat ul hajah?
Is it permissible to wear a turban-style hijab with visible earrings?
Is it possible to give too little sadaqah?
Is there a way to make Allah fulfill my wishes to stop being bullied?
Is there a halal sex guide for Muslims?
Can a marriage be annulled in Islam?
What is the Sunnah method to clean the finger after finishing the meal?
If a husband and wife were co-workers, would the wife need to be obedient in the workplace?
Is IVF with Sperm donation or Egg donation prohibited in islam?
How can I clean bathroom tiles which may have semen on them?
Should one say inshallah for acts they're intending not to perform?
Why does Surah Taubah start without Bismillah?
If our purpose is to worship God why do we get jobs?
Are Hadith and Quran apps trustable?
Water, pasture and fire can not be denied to anyone hadith?
Apostasy in Islam the punishment?
How to defend Aisha's marriage age?
Is Allah fair with every humanbeing?
If I look at my own private parts, will my wudu/ghusl be broken?
Is it said in the Quran that the prophet (saw) is the best man of all time?
Did prophet Muhammad ever claim to be the best man of all time?
What is the Koran/Quran/Qur'an's stance on religious freedom?
Does the Quran contain the word peace?
Did the Prophet (SAW) say "he should treat the people the way he would love to be treated"?
Is it halal to supply building matterials to build a temple?
In Islam, is it possible to "convert" disbelief to waswas?
Is it permissible to donate blood?
Which Islam groups are for death by stoning after adultery, and does this apply to every follower within the group in question?
What is the source of the narration of Uthman ibn Affan letting his slave tweak his ear in retaliation, and is it authentic?
Is being recognized as Muslim one of the reasons for hijab?
Is the "satanic verses" story true?
Did the Prophet say "lesbianism among women is zina between them"?
How many years did the prophet live after the full revelation of the Quran?
Is it permissible for a Muslim man to marry two women at once?
How should I react to having doubts as a result of gaining knowledge about Islam?
What is an academic understanding of Islam from a non-Muslims point of view?
Does telling people you have an academic credential amount to arrogance?
Was Quran 24:31 changed? "...believing women ... should draw their khimar over their breasts..."
Is it haraam to play a game with free entry but with the possibility to win money?
Will disbelievers' deeds be evaluated on the day of judgement?
Dua Prophet Mohammad PBUH recite when offered food
What is the Khabar? How is it different than Sira, Akbar, Sunnah, & Hadith in general?
What is the meaning of "Keep light and overtake" in Ali ibn Abi Talib's sermon?
What will Jannah be like?
Is having inappropriate dreams haram?
Why ahadith say that perfume is forbidden for women to wear in public if it contradicts the Quran?
Are there any tenets of Sunni Islam that started out as a revolutionary idea that were resisted by the majority Sunni consensus at the time?
Under what circumstances is it okay for a Muslim woman to be on TV?
Is it wrong as a Muslim to want to be God over my own creations in the afterlife?
What is meant by "cut off on the opposite sides" in the following verse of the Quran?
According to Islamic sources, did Aisha gave public speeches?
Who is the first woman of ahlul byt?
Is this interpretation "wife beating is not allowed in Islam" valid?
Authenticity of the hadith about farewell sermon by Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him?
What books does Al-Azhar use that supposedly justifies discriminating against Christians?
What is the Islamic approach to theory of evolution?
If someone stole something before converting to Islam, what should they do with what they stole?
Is there any mathematical patterns or logic in the Qur'an?
Acting upon a Hasan (good) Hadith?
Is there a consensus that eating with a knife and fork (as in Western culture) is unlawful?
Can I perform tayammum (dry ablution) instead of wudu in the Canadian winter?
If a man rubs his penis against a woman's vagina when both are naked, is it zina?
If I make dua to be married in jannah to a man I love but who is not my husband, would it be valid?
Was my prayer valid given that it was performed after masturbating and performing ghusl without rinsing my mouth and nose?
What is the grade and source of this narration about eating with the right hand?
Quran 14:5 Allah told Moses to remind them the days of Allah, what were those days of Allah, what was happening?
Does the sun set in a murky pool in Qur'an 18:86?
What is the punishment when innocent people are incorrectly executed under Sharia, and who is punished?
Is disbelief in "free will" kufr?
In an interfaith marriage, would the non-Muslim partner be prohibited from celebrating e.g. Easter, Christmas?
Can we perform aqeeqa (animal sacrifice) on the 6th day after a baby's birth since the butcher is not available on the 7th day?
"Dog is haram" - is it mentioned in Quran or Hadith?
Legal system - does sharia command courts of appeal?
Are Ayatollahs Khomeini and Khamenei authorities in Shia Islam?
Is it acceptable to perform istakhara in English? If so, how?
Under what conditions is it acceptable for a Muslim woman to express a desire to marry a specific man?
Are the statements of Ibn al-Jawzi, Ibn Hazm and Ibn Taymiyyah enough to declare Ijma' (consensus) on the sphericity of earth
If the Quran is such a miracle, then why do so many Arabs still reject Islam today?
How can Jinns be controlled by humans?
What exactly does "Bayyinah" mean in the Quran?
How do Muslim women have personal freedom when their movement is restricted by their guardian?
What is the meaning of this taweez (tawiz) writtings?
How can I stop masturbating?
Is using pictures in an App that generates profit halal?
When a genuinely concerned friend asks about another friend who is struggling, how can I reply in a meaningful way without it being backbiting?
If a person does not have proof that Islam is the truth, can he ever become a muslim?
What will happen to the people who disregarded all the prophets' miracles as magic?
Is suicide allowed in any circumstances?
Why are gays stoned?
Can a person be muslim if he/she simply likes something about Islam?
Did Allah bring back to life a man and a boy who were burning each other after death?
What can we say about when Jesus was born?
Is the son of sacrifice for sure Ishmael (as)?
If i believe Islam, should i avoid soy sauce?
What is the context of the verse 4:34 of Quran?
Does the rewards for praying in Masjid al-Haram count for future prayers?
Is there a flaw in the Kalam Cosmological argument?
How should I do tawbah after committing zina?
Why Allah didn't tell Adam the rules which has been mentioned in Quraan instead of leaving people do sins for thousands of years?
I'm too scared to pray salah because of my doubts
Does the following Quran verses mean that it is necessary to have witnesses to dissolve divorce?
Why did Allah create hell?
Do I have to repent for shirk after seeing someone commit shirk?
Does "Paradise lies beneath your mother feet" imply the value of a mother is greater than the value of heaven?
What is the prescribed duration of breast feeding?
If the food at the host's house is bad, what is the sunnah regarding this case?
If a person has doubts about the oneness of Allah but he doesn't want to have these doubts, will his salah be accepted?
Is it permissible for my cousins (my father's elder brothers' sons) to talk and sit with my mother and aunties?
Can a wife accompany her husband in public?
If Allah S.W.T created us so he created our brains which will determine our acts and our decisions, then why we will be punished for our mistakes?
Who were the two daughters of Muhammad who died in the month of Ramadan?
Does Islam have to be political?
Is it a sin to accept e.g. food from a relative who supports herself using riba?
Is Islam the oldest religion?
Qur'an claims Muhammad (saw) performed no supernatural miracles?
When was the Quran (that is written in French language) written for the first time?
Can we get married without the consent of the husbands parents?
What if a husband is displeased with his new wife's body after getting married?
Is Nike clothing (shoes, shirts, sweatshirts or shorts) haram?
If interest is haram, how can a Muslim get a house or a car in modern times?
Is there significance to the golden ratio occurring in Quranic verses?
Is it permissible for a husband and wife to bathe together?
Is family planning permissible in Islam?
Is X halal? (reference question)
What is the source of faith in Allah for a human being?
Do Muslim women get 72 partners in heaven?
Can someone explain to me what this hadith means?
Ruling on parents killing their child?
After urinating and making wadu a thin line of urine appears; do I need to redo wadu?
Is it permissible to use safety pins to hold ihram together while doing umrah?
Who are the Ahle Hadith? Doess Dr. Zakir Naik belong to that sect?
Will my pure clothes become impure by washing them in a washing machine with impure clothes?
Do I have to make up salat when I didn't know how to do it?
Are the rivers of milk, wine, and honey in paradise to be taken literally?
Can I become a Muslim Comic artist
Should a woman who gives birth and gets divorced shortly afterwards complete her period of waiting (iddat)?
Is My Income from Freelancing Work Halal?
What should I do to make amends for stealing money before I hit puberty when I cannot find the person I stole from?
What is the correct procedure for talaq regarding notifying the mosque, paperwork, and living arrangements?
How many Muslims believe in a literal truth of the Qur'an, including the unscientific aspects?
I want to know a definitive lineage of all the prophets for whom the details are available
Is working in a company which deals with bank loans permissible?
Definitive recommendation about pork-derived and alcohol-containing medications?
Is giving gifts or money to a rich person regarded as Sadaqah?
Is it rude to wear a star and crescent if you're not muslim?
Can I make dua for rizk (provisions) in sujood after glorifying Allah?
I'm legally divorced from my husband; how can I get talaq from him?
Is "White Wine (Sulphites)" halal?
What is ruling for Blasphemy in Islam?
To what extent are reverts required to avoid behaving like non-Muslims?
If I unwittingly buy a meal with ham in it, it is acceptable to give it to a non-Muslim friend?
How can I make amends for kissing a girl with bad intentions four years ago?
Can you explain the hadiths regarding having sex with captive women?
Is it permissible to pray on the sand at a beach or on the grass at a park?
Is it fard to recite dua masura before finishing the prayer?
Will my prayer mat become impure by washing it together with clothes that have sperm on them?
Madani Quran vs Qaloon Quran
Is it okay not to get married due to being an ex-porn watcher?
Is that permissible to participate in the Stackexchange Winter Bash?
I'm not suppose to draw, but I really want to; what do I do?
How to distinguish "imitation" from "doing the same thing"?
What's the evidence for moving finger horizontally in tashahhud?
What entities can be at war?
Does the father have to be present during the nikah or is his consent enough?
Is it sin to listen to Quran recitation in the bathroom?
Why did Allah(SAW) decide to create 3 religions and not only just 1?
How is the notion of a "revert" compatible with not imitating non-Muslims?
Is kumis haram?
Are there things unworthy of being eaten?
What is a Muslim obliged to donate while earning an income?
What if husband wants potential wife with big bosom?
Was Jesus lifted up in sprit or whole as a person
Is it permissible for a husband to seek another spouse during a breakdown in his marriage?
Shall we continue to pray during sun rise / set?
Is a belief in djinns shirk?
Praying when in doubt about clothes
Why is the quran as well as some hadiths considered perfectly preserved while other hadiths are not?
When did converts to Islam start being called "reverts"?
Is there any school of Islamic scholars which does not think the entire Quran should be literally believed?
What is it that will differentiate a surah than something else?
Is our marriage valid given that my husband has not paid me mahr yet?
What is the reason behind many Muslim brothers turning their face right and left in Salah after the 2nd rakat?
Is this hadith about satan vomiting food when Allah's name is mentioned authentic?
True successor of Imam Jafar Sadiq a.s
Are 'Ar-Rabb', 'Rabbi n-nas', and 'Rabbil Aalamin' considered different names for Allah?
When coming too late to the mosque is it allowed to pray in a second congregation?
Can I have cross on my website which includes religions such as Christianity?
Can we recite Al Quran during salat without following the rules lengthening a part of the verse?
What do we do after missing the 2nd rukuh in Friday Congregational prayers (Jum'ah)
Degrees of sinfulness
Is this Seal of Prophethood hadith authentic?
Are there ayat to the effect of "be nice to others" in the Qur'an?
Is it forbidden to marry one's cousin in a special circumstance?
What happens if someone fails to not sleep for three days as punshment for a sin after making an oath?
How should I repent for peeking into a family home knowing it was haram?
Is it an act of kufr to watch a movie wanting a wizard to use his magical powers?
If a woman owns a house then gets married, is it inappropriate for her husband to move into her house?
Is there a process to become a Shia Muslim from Sunni Muslim?
Can I perform my missed prayers with the same wuzu for obligatory prayers given that I have a medical condition requiring wuzu before each prayer?
Is there any differences in concept of "Najes" between Shia & Sunni
Is it acceptable to verbalize inshallah when messaging about intended acts?
Would a religion at the intersection of all Abrahamic religions conflict with the Qur'an or Sunnah?
What did Abu Dawud mean by "nakarah" in regards to the strong awrahness of the thigh?
Is sex by couples married under nikah mut'ah interpreted as zina in Sunni Islam, and punishable under Sharia?
From the Salafi understanding of Islamic law, how was participation in the 2011-2012 Egyptian elections justified?
Is smoking cigarettes prohibited in Shia Islam?
Authenticity of a hadith saying reciting subhanallah, alhamdulillah, Allah Akbar ten times per salat will result in Dua being accepted?
What to do when I have agreed to marry a girl, but I'm unable to get consent from relatives?
Does "he who imitates any people is one of them" mean I'm Chinese?
Is eating from a sandwich van which serves non-halal food okay?
Does a barren woman need to complete iddah (period of waiting) after divorce?
Is Akbar a name of Allah?
*Allah* is greatest, *God* is greatest
Permissible to wipe over leather shoes during Wudu?
Is it permissible to say a portion of the Serenity prayer
Is buying/selling signals (trade suggestions) halal?
How deep does the penis need to be inside before it's classed as zina and is subject to the hadd punishment?
Does a 90% correct prayer count for nothing?
When to perform Asr prayer
Can I pray qaza salahs leaving Nafls and Ghair Mokada Sunnah as routine?
Is there a dua to protect me from the humiliation of revealing my academic performance from my relatives?
Is it halal to use shampoo containing hydrolyzed collagen?
Is there a scholarly consensus that "touching impurities directly is unlawful except for a necessity"?
What can I do about the long time it takes me to perform ablution?
What is the meaning of hadith grading "Sahih in Chain"?
Not remembering if you made and Oath in Allah's name and then breaking it
After breaking an oath in Allah's name, I mistakenly fasted for two (instead of three) days; do I need to redo these?
Isn't it shirk to seek refuge in the perfect words of Allah?
What is the grade of the hadith "be merciful with the orphan... this will soften your heart"?
What should a wife do if her husband stops praying?
Is there an Islamic reason non-mahram Muslim men refuse to let me buy them e.g. coffee or a meal?
Is it permissible to have non-penetrative gay sex (e.g. oral sex) or anal sex using a condom?
What does one need besides the approval of fellow scholars, to be called a scholar?
Hypothetically, what would a new school of Islam require besides scholars, followers, and recognition?
Is travelling to persue a career haram for a female Muslim?
Is marrying a second wife makruh (disliked) even if the husband can treat his wives equally?
How do Islam followers justify religion over logic?
Is female genital mutilation a mandatory act in Islam, or is it a cultural matter?
Is there a hadith to the effect that Allah takes away those parts of prayer performed without full concentration?
Can I draw faces, portraits or humans
Is drawing cartoon portraits of humans in Photoshop prohibited In Islam?
Is Lamya Kaddor an Islamic scholar?
Is "all praise is due to Allah" as opposed to only some praise, or praise directed at anything/anyone else?
Does indirect belief in magic make me a disbeliever?
Are mixed gender business Meetings Haram
What are the Islamic views on Muslims marrying non-Muslims?
In what ways can the message of Islam be distorted?
Is there a specific sequence of Arabic words which is considered "the shahada"?
Status of a sahir (one who practices magic)
Can I wear a red hijab?
Using subliminals for lighter eye color
Who was risen from death after 100 years by Allah (swt)
Did the Prophet (saw) say "acquire knowledge, it enables its possessor to distinguish right from wrong..."?
Authentic Books for reference in Islamic eschatology
Are beards haram?
What is the meaning of "nikah" and the purpose of marriage?
Is it haram or halal to do research for bug bounty programs and is the prize money halal?
Are rubber shoes haram?
Are grapes and grape juice haram?
Is chess forbidden?
Why did God create the illusion of Jesus's crucifixion?
If someone in a same-sex marriage converts to Islam, what do they need to do?
Is it haram to neuter a pet cat?
Are English-language fatawa biased differently to Arabic-language fatawa?
Is a baby shower permissible?
What will beautiful girls be accountable for during hasab on account of their beauty?
What is the punishment of bestiality in Islam?
Is this hadith about not killing a kafir under protection authentic?
How to understand an Amulet / Taveez / Talisman containing devil names?
Tidying beard by trimming allowed?
What are the most complete, authentic, and comprehensive biographies of the Prophet's sahabah (companions)?
Is tissue paper enough to clean after urinating according to four madhabs?
Seeking authentic tafseer for Qur'an 5:12 to better understand the Shia Imamat?
Is it possible to invest or participate in cryptocurrencies (e.g. Bitcoin) in a halal way?
What does the Indonesian word "ghibtoh" mean?
Is this hadith authentic about Adam striking offspring from his shoulders?
My friends play computer games because of me; does their use of these games count as a sin for me?
Has anyone ever been punished for making up hadiths?
Is it permissible to eat meat in Western restaurants given that it is permissible to eat meat from People of the Book?
Is my wudu valid if I saw something nasty?
Is a Muslim husband required to defend the honor of his wife if someone speaks negatively of her?
Will Allah punish me for thinking about sexual relations?
How do no Madhhab sects determine strongest opinion?
Is doctrinal unity enforced in Islam and if so, How?
Earning from news website is halal or haram?
Permissibility of attending a nonmuslim funeral service for a deceased muslim
Is the fact that a woman inherits only half the share of a man a kind of injustice?
Are there things which were considered halal at the time of the Prophet, but are now considered haram due to scientific discoveries?
Is the hadith "Mary mother of Jesus, will be one of my wives" authentic?
What can a convert do for a non-Muslim parent who has died?
Is next day funeral a requirement?
Is dying your hair allowed for a 12 year old?
Is my statement an expression of disbelief?
Is it okay to openly discuss one's past suicide attempts?
Why do people pray salah differently?
Are tips allowed in Islam?
Name some sunni scholars who includes aql (intellect) as their basic principles (usul al fiqh)
Is removing of hair where the eyebrows meet considered haram?
Question regarding working for a company where there is a element of interest
can wife do 2nd Marriage without asking her husband
Is there any Prophet among Jinn?
Interpretation of the shifting pronouns in Khidr's interpretation (تَأْوِيل) to Musa (AS)
Is a wife required to e.g. stand on one leg, if her husband requests it?
Why does the Maliki school of thought condone drawings of animated beings?
Need proper pronunciation of various Arabic alphabets to read Quran correctly
What is meant by the "Quran is the only book that can be memorized"
What to do when in a Western country a member of the opposite sex tries to shake hands?
When seeking good company, need I be concerned that I'm bad company for others?
Non Muslim - tattoo's and permissibility
What time period is recommended between having children?
Why do only women need a wali for nikah?
Do Quranists reject tafsir (explanations of the Qur'an)?
Is there a relationship between the word "hijra" (migration of Muhammad) and "hijra" (South Asian term for transgender people)?
Is the government responsible for money stolen from libraries?
What are the conditions for talaq to be valid?
What is the difference between a Khawariji and a Munafiq?
If a non-Muslim curses a Muslim, will the Muslim's life be in turmoil?
Interpretation of a hadith about man who emancipated six of his slaves at the time of his death?
What religious items should a Muslim include on their CV?
Is a skin care product containing donkey milk halal?
If an Ulema disagree with other Ulemas on something whether or not it is permissible, can he just go and do it?
Is 'as salaam aleikum' a suitable greeting?
What if a girl is not happy with her parents' decision for her husband due to caste?
What kind of condition are invalid in a nikah contract? Can not having intercourse be a condition?
Are there any Shia sources that report this event?
Praying during a flight: Which way of purification is correct?
Should you make up for left-out prayers?
Is it compulsory in Islam to get married?
Besides the eleven, who are the other possible wives of Muhammad?
Did Maymunah bint al-Harith only ever marry Prophet Muhammad?
Is building a website for non-Muslim restaurants halal?
Is a long-distance Islamic marriage permissible and practicable?
What specifically does Jesus make lawful in Qur'an 3:50?
Did the Prophet meet any atheists?
Did the Prophet Muhammad fast voluntarily during times of battle?
After starting to pray regularly, what do I ask Allah for?
Is talaq complete when they can both agree to get back together before three months?
Should I correct an imam who forces his opinions on his community?
When did dead animals (mayta) become prohibited (haram) for muslims?
What should a convert do with their old Christmas photos?
Under what conditions can a Muslim woman wear a bikini?
Should we give money to street beggar?
Hadith about possessing too many blankets (or bedsheets?)
Legal effects of conversion
What is the difference between Shia and Sunni Islam?
Hadith of Abu Huraira throat being cut?
Do I have to wear Hijab?
Which scholars argue that mentioning Gods name while slaughtering is not obligatory?
Does Allah create daughters when happy?
Looking for references for meat to be valid only if a muslim or ahlu kitab slaughters it
In what ways do Muslim women show ingratitude to their spouses?
Did women create a space between their teeth to look beautiful in the Prophet's time?
Was whether or not women have souls in debate prior to Islam?
Why do we have different "-isms" when we have one Allah?
Which are the canonical sources for reading about Isa in Islam?
Safeguards in place to prevent Imam Mahdi from drone attack?
How can I practically determine what "should" means?
Is a bath compulsory in order to convert to Islam?
How many writing styles of Mushaf Quran that exist?
Does the Quran or any Hadith mentions the splitting of the Moon?
Can a man marry his wife's cousin if it will cause conflict?
Do Muslims believe that the moon was split in two and put back again?
Am I still Muslim, and married to my husband, after saying bad words out of anger?
Does a soul have a gender?
How do reverts who were models cope with online photos?
Did Muhammad write a book about a camel going to heaven?
Examples of verses of the Qur'an with two different readings?
Things to know when visiting/attending a Mosque but you're not Muslim
What should I do when my husband keeps on denying me in bed?
On earning gotten from forbidden knowledge
I don't believe that God is present in the Kabaa at Mecca, is it appropriate for me to pray the Salat?
Do you automatically go to heaven/paradise if you are a muslim?
Must you always pray towards Mecca (Is your prayer invalid if you don't?)
Does praying the Salat express agreement with all aspects of Islam?
What happens if you don't pray 5 times a day?
Is it compulsory to wash your feet for ablution when they are clean?
Is attributing evil to Satan heresy?
Why ancient people saw miracle to beleive the religion but not me?
Can any building be converted into a mosque?
What is the procedure for creating a mosque?
What does "to pay respect to a non-moslem" mean, and does it express unbelief?
Does listening to someone being mocked for obeying his parents make me an unbeliever?
Can someone give zakat to his unmarried (and young) brother?
Are there any books written by female scholars?
What is the Khoms (خمس)?
How should a convert go about choosing a Muslim-appropriate name?
Do you have to make up a broken optional fast?
Is Nikah affected by extramarital intercourse if there has been no repentance?
Did Umar (RA) say, "A man should be like a child with his wives ..."?
What is the most reliable book of Seerah (biography) of Muhammad?
What is the "established madhhab" for each of the 4 sunni schools of fiqh?
Can I use chat?
Is fearing that one would discover Islam to be untrue kufr of doubt?
Why is Abu Huraira considered unreliable by Shia fiqh?
Will Shaitan receive the worst punishment in Jahannam?
What is a hadith "Daif-in-Chain" mean?
Is it impermissible to sell that which is permissable to businesses that are impermissible?
Does the book "Reliance of the Traveller" play a significant role in Islam?
Are women converts an exception to the rule of travelling alone?
Seminal discharge during bowel movement. Is ghusl required?
Is selling alcohol-based tinctures haram?
Are ahadith generally considered to be paraphrased?
What can we learn from the hadith where the Prophet tried to rename Hazn to Sahl, but he refused out of respect to his father?
Can a woman's hair be partially visible from Shia and Sunni viewpoints?
Do I need a divorce certificate (talaq nama) to prove I am divorced?
Are there any scriptural justifications in Islam that justify the extermination of the Jews?
Where are the seven levels of the nafs in Sufism mentioned in the Qur'an?
What role does the wali (guardian) play after a woman is married?
Is the word مخلوق in the Quran? If yes, which verse?
What is al-walaa' wal-baraa' and what is its significance?
What notions of "free will" and "qadr" exist in the different theological sects?
Who will be last person entering paradise?
Will there be swords in the last hour?
Can someone with a speech impediment recite the Qur'an?
What does shahada 'amaliyya (faith by deed) mean?
Is Zalvin an Arabic word, and an appropriate Muslim girl name?
What should be done after sex according to Islam?
Can a Muslim woman go on Arba'een Pilgrimage without a mahram?
Is it haram to showcase a wine project on a website for work?
Which Sunnis go on Arba'een Pilgrimage?
Is taking back insurance money (ignoring the interest) permitted?
Is the age of marriage for shafi fiqh 15 years?
Can "Yahweh" (יהוה) be regarded as a valid name of God in Islam?
To what extent have the Psalms, Torah, Prophets and Gospel been corrupted?
What is the basis for the claim that the Prophets, Psalms, Torah and Gospel have been corrupted?
Is playing the massively multiplayer online game Agar.io permissible?
Is everything halal in heaven?
Why are Muslims allowed to eat camels but not horses?
Are people who get genetically screened for diseases before marriage committing kufr?
Do I need to say "I give you divorce" to divorce my wife?
Are exams during Ramadan a reason to not fast?
Did a divorce happen by texting talaq three times?
Can I masturbate in a clean way?
Can Muslims celebrate Valentine's Day?
Does the Treaty of Najran have any modern-day applicability?
In what way does a layperson have no legal school?
Is it okay to drink without getting intoxicated?
Which major scholars say that enforcement of sharia is not the duty of lay Muslims?
Is it fine to use miswak at start of wudhu?
Am I commiting a sin by living in the UK?
My company sells software to banks, is this riba?
Did Muhammed know about organs inside human beings?
Reference for the hadith "Allah shall destroy a nation if evil exceeds good"?
Is the Buda'ah well Hadith in which dead animals, filth was thrown accurate?
Is using synthetic musk after menses okay?
Did I commit zina by unknowingly having sex with my husband's cousin while blindfolded?
What are the rulings of visitng graves and graves of pious people?
Is a Muslim man required to give the same mahr to each of his wives?
How is the "ultra-conservative" Salafi movement compatible with autodidacticism?
Did people of prophets time know about organs in human body
Can I die fighting for my country, even against Muslim attackers?
Do hens crowing indicate seeing an angel?
Why do some Muslims have triangular green flags with frills at the edges on top of their houses?
Is "cooperating with one another in good works" obligatory?
Is marriage between divorcees both with kids permissible? How to raise the kids if they are of opposite gender?
Does nudity invalidate marriage?
Is brainwashing yourself into conviction a legitimate path to Islam?
Can a man have up to four wives?
Will inhabitants of Jannah still learn?
What should I do when I have a child from zina when I am already married to someone else?
Would a non-Muslim sin if he proclaimed himself a Muslim for the sake of solidarity?
What is the Sufi interpretation and method to control anger?
How to understand the Hadith "..I do not hesitate to do anything as I hesitate to take the soul of the believer..."?
Are there any surviving manuscript of books written by the scholars listed below?
Is familism part of Shia Islam?
What are the conditions for meat to be halal if the animal was slaughtered by the people of the book?
What is the complete reference for Musnad Ahmed Hadith 22978, and any other occurrences?
What to do when my parents forbid me from marrying a girl due to caste?
Can i draw animation?
What is the classification of the hadith "seeking knowledge is a duty upon every Muslim"?
Are keeping assistance dogs permissible in Islam?
Is it halal to earning profit from reselling shoes?
What is the difference between "muhajaba" and "hijabi"?
What are these "pie" things in the Wikipedia picture of Ali slaying Jinn?
Ihraam wearing for umra
Did Allaah ask us if we wanted free will?
If I e.g. breathe, is it Sunnah because prophet also used to breathe?
What is meant by "death of the religious learned men"?
Are the texts of tafsir al-kashshaf authentic?
Why Can't We Feel A Jinni?
Is there a good biographical account of the life of Imam Abu Hanifa?
Is it permissible to rub my penis during a bath?
Is it permissible to photograph nature?
If someone is caught stealing food but another person pays for it, is there still a punishment?
Does doubting the religious commitment of the Sahabah amount to kufr?
Is making Shrine from Gold a sin?
Difference between کذب and باطل?
Do the Shayateen know Allah is real?
Is it true that "pregnancy is seen in sharia as like an illness"?
What should I do compensate for the following kind of mistake in prayer?
What is the ruling if a woman finds that she is pregnant during her iddah period?
Is (or was) there a school of Islam that accepts both Sunni and Shia hadiths?
Does my grandfather's cousin's daughter have to wear the hijab in the presence of me?
Why don't we say "subhanahu wa ta'ala" after saying "assalamu alaikum wa rahmatullah"?
Hadith There is no good in christians, or christianity By RasuAllah?
What are Sunnah Rawaatib?
The jinn was created from fire; but are they still fire?
Why do Muslim women need to cover more than men?
Is Dajjal natural evil?
Does the Hanafi madhab allow men to get married to women of the people of the book?
How can the soul of a person return to its body if it was cremated?
How to remember Allah all the time?
Is it wrong to criticize the weather?
Is it permissible to read romance books?
Prohibition of Animal Fights in Islam
Is shrove tuesday or pancake day allowed?
Zakkat, how to calculate it?
Quran originally without vowel marks?
Does the Quran have the wrong concept of Trinity in 5:116?
The lightning almost snatches away their sight. What does this sentence mean?
Should Muslims study other cultures/religions in order to seek knowledge?
Is it okay to recite hadith during prayer?
Does a Muslim woman with urinary incontinence need to change her pad before each prayer?
Clothing and praying ettiquette for disabled woman
Is there an equivalent to "tafsir", but for hadith?
Does Islam prohibit smoking Marijuana?
Why did the Mu'tazila criticize kalam?
Does the hadith describing "benevolent love towards people" exist?
What is Kalam according to Islam?
Did I ruin someone's chances at Jannah? Is that possible?
Is "concession" a better translation than "deficiency" when referring to women's deficiencies?
Knowledge of religion without Language?
Islamic perception of life beyond Earth
How can a Muslim woman achieve a balance between hijab and expressing her femininity?
Is unintentionally eating haram food halal or haram?
Shortening of prayers when working in a different city
Why is the martyrdom of the daughter of the Prophet, Fatima al-Zahra, commemorated at three different times?
Can a man marry his ex wife two years after divorce?
Does a hadith "believers who show the most perfect Faith are those who have the best behaviour" exist?
What is the meaning of consort in the following context?
How many cases of stoning are documented in the hadiths?
Which Qur'an verses are abrogated?
Which scholars are respected by Quranists?
Working at the company that has halal and harram business model, is it Permissible?
Shariah Law for the disbeliever
What is right time of reciting Ayat al-Kursi after Salah?
Could Holy Prophet (PBUH) talk to animals and understand what they said?
Should a woman rush towards Allah and become a good housewife or follow passion in her career?
Can a woman marry two men if she is sexually unfulfilled by one?
Is it permissible for a girl to reject a proposal?
Examples of how the Salafi movement is ultra-conservative?
Does someone who has memorized the Qur'an still need to read it?
Is it permissible to like gay people? To be friends with them? To perhaps think they are . . . cute?
Is rubbing one's penis to get out sperm permissible?
Does worshipping a God in game negate my virtue?
What to do about concerns regarding low testosterone and high estrogen?
Can someone give me examples of fard kifaya?
Does food and prayer become makruh after junub if not bath?
Quran 4:3 - injustice to wives
Is working on coporate finance like budgeting and forecasting halal or haram?
Quran 2:74 What is being explained by Allah(SWT) About humans faith turning hard like stones?
Permission to write sacred names on fruit?
Is my work haram given that I write software which has an "insurance" field?
Will God ever forgive me for taking my cousin's virginity?
Is it haram to sleep with my Muslim boyfriend before converting to Islam?
Is self harm haram given I have suffered abuse?
Are transactions using credit cards haram?
Is subliminal affirmation to enhance the mind haram?
Why did God not strike George Carlin dead upon his request?
Sources of Fiqh from Madhabs
How does a Christian begin to embrace Islam?
How do the words monasteries, churches and synagogues occur in the Quran?
Hadith: Blood of Muslim is more sacred then the Kaabah?
Can someone tell me where "Women are not created weaker but more generous than men" is in Bukhari or Muslim?
How did Mirza Ghulam Ahmad make people follow him?
Does Islam teach subjugation and inequality of women, or is that due to a wrong interpretation of the religion?
How can a wife express gratitude to her husband?
Are there any unforgivable sins or mistakes in Islam?
Jews believing in Jesus after his second coming
prayer ba_jamat with three persons and standing position
Is there a basis in the texts for shoe throwing?
Saying "aamin" after imam finishes surah Fatiha
Need reference from Hadith for this Dua. ("Allahumma 'Aghnini Bil 'Ilmi, Wazayyinni Bil Hilmi Wa'akrimna Bi Taqwa Wajammilni Bil Afiyah hadith")
Women participation in Sports?
Is major kufr automatically also shirk?
Islamic standing on a 20-year-old male living with much older female?
Is it permissible to use contraception during intercourse?
Ruling on Smoking Marijuana
Is following a specific school of thought obligatory?
How can a born Muslim make up for missed prayers and sins in early life?
Is it haram for people to act as Prophets?
Is loading a website with images haram?
Am I doomed due to thoughts of disbelief, and what can I do about them?
How Islam allow or disallow new innovation and technology?
How to explain to a young girl why I wear a headscarf?
What should I do about OCD difficulties leading to lack of focus during prayer?
Is a marriage with witnesses who weren't present valid in the Shafi'i madhhab, and what to do if it's not?
How can a non-Muslim who believes in Allah and the prophet Mohammed visit Mecca and Madina?
Is dajjal mentioned in the Quran?
Can someone die before her fixed time due to medical fault
Will a person be forgiven if the person plans to ask for forgiveness later?
Duas for helping one from stammering issue
How can a Muslim woman marry if her family members are non-Muslims and cannot perform the role of the wali?
Jobs with high risk of death
Does wishing to have a life and friends like in animation movies amount to shirk?
Is there any truth to the claim that a man may not shake hands with a woman because she menstruates and is therefore unclean?
Can shatan show miracles to fool other religion's people?
How could Prophets Lut and Nuh marry disbelievers when it's forbidden?
Is the hadith of the pond of Khumm authentic? If so, what is the sunni view on it?
What are the proper etiquette to follow while referring to holy names?
Does dying one's beard or hair black play a role in jihad?
Are thoughts of disbelief a sin?
Is a Christian allowed to perform Hajj according to Sharia law?
Is hajj outside of Dhul'Hijjah better than nothing?
Can a couple consummate their marriage outside the home?
Who says women dying their hands with henna is (im)permissible?
Is deliberately misgendering a transgender person a form of backbiting?
What is the meaning and significance of the phrase "Himmat E Marda toh Madad E Khuda"?
Does a muslim have the duty to convert his neighboring?
Can men wear Steel Watches?
Was the Qur'an intended to be read by men?
Is sufi a sect like shia, sunni?
Is it haram to sneak into buildings?
Does looking around in prayer invalidate your salah?
What does the Qur'an say about the age of Prophet Nuh?
Can a dream from Shaytan resemble one from Allah?
Is it haram to break a company's terms of service?
How can all the Prophets pray together when different Prophets are in different levels of heaven?
Is a civil divorce valid?
Should we say two takbeer on the very moment we join the Imam during congregration?
What should I do if Canadian law and Sharia law are incompatible?
Can I pluck the extra hair between the eyebrows and forehead?
Seeking modern proof that the Quran hasn't been changed?
If I suppress my desires and refrain from homosexuality, will I get male spouses in paradise?
Difference between making something permissible forbidden, and stipulating to not do something permissible in a contract or oath
Is a divorce valid if the husband unintentionally says "okay" at his wife's request?
How was hijab (head covering) been made obligatory?
If everything is decreed in our life already then what's the point of making Dua?
Can I take a break from prayer until I fix the mistakes?
Is it true that nothing happens except by the will of Allah?
Did Allah create evil?
Can a non-Muslim woman enter Islam by taking the shahada without really believing?
If Allah made all things, then Allah made evil. But for what purpose did Allah create evil?
What do Asharites say "free will" is?
Is there any text to support the view that a woman's place is in the home?
What is the sunnah of cutting nails?
Is a mahram allowed to touch a non-mahram in order to rescue them?
Is it a sin to have a Ni'kah done behind your parents' back?
Is praying Salatul janazah obligatory?
When and how many times should we recite Bismillah in salah?
Is there any Quran-only tafsir (without Hadiths)?
Is it sinful to leave abusive parents?
Is only believing in one God enough?
What did Prophet Muhammad mean by "knowledge" in "acquire knowledge, for surely it leads to fear of Allah"?
Authenticity of story of Umar ibn al Khattab allowing Christian to beat his head with whip?
Is trusting others sunnah?
Why is it relevant that the Torah and the Gospel were not revealed until after Prophet Abraham, but not the Qur'an?
Which Haman is right?
Why will the stones be in Hell?
When we should perform sajdah sahu?
How can good deeds outweigh bad deeds?
Is palmistry haram in Islam?
Hadith of Giving the Kaffir the glad-tidings of the Hellfire?
Is Egyptian vulture (pharaoh's chicken) meat halal?
How does a convert woman go about finding a guardian?
Who becomes protector and maintainer of a woman after divorce?
Does my wife filing for divorce in the USA count as an Islamic divorce according to the Sunni school of thought?
How to distinguish between a husband exercising his role as the decision maker and a husband oppressing his wife?
What are the needs of Muslim teens in non-Muslim homes?
Why isn't it cow meat prohibited when it is said to cause sickness?
Where to look during takbeer in salah?
What miracles are mentioned in the Qur'an?
Is vaginoplasty after childbirth to improve my husband's sexual pleasure permissible?
Is unnecessarily staying in a more expensive hotel and charging it to my employer a sin?
Does "nikah" mean "sex"?
Does a man have an enforceable right to his wife not leaving the house without his permission?
Can a husband determine where his wife lives only if he provides her accommodation?
Where is Allah located?
Does Islam mention a caste system within marriage?
What is Shia Islam's take on the deficiency in women's intelligence?
Are white-collar crimes punishable under sharia?
Is Juma prayer valid if I pray outside of the mosque boundary?
Definition of rape - is marital rape a criminal offense in sharia
Forcing a slave to be compliant
Is nikah nullified by jokingly saying to my husband we are done?
Limits of the legislative powers of the caliph
Is Qawwali allowed in Islam?
Under what circumstances is a rape proved?
Relation between criminal law and slavery
What should I do when my parents prohibit fasting during Ramadan?
Besides Muhammad, who else claim that they are prophets around his time and place?
Do animals have souls? If they do is killing them a major sin?
Do I need to pause a little after every ayah while reading during salah?
If a modern-day Muslim had a dream to sacrifice their child, how should they react and why?
Does Allah forget according to Quran?
How to keep balance between love of Allah and fear of Allah?
Is Islam a religion of peace? Or a political system that perpetuates violence?
Why did the Prophet stop a man from eating with his right hand (instead of his left)?
Is it permissible to correct my name to match how it's pronounced in Arabic?
Is it fine to wipe my ears more than once during wudu?
If you smoke weed twice a day, does your prayer become invalid for 40 days or 80 days?
If a wife converts to Islam and her husband or father does not?
Does my marriage stand valid if the Mehr is returned by my wife's parents?
Are Muslims technically at war with Christians and Jews?
Is it haram to use a persona online?
Why is Music considered forbidden in Islam when it is not in the previous revelations given to the Jews and Christians?
Is all revelation (wahy) in the Quran?
What are some Islamic instructions on who you should discuss Islam with and when to end it?
Is it permissible to make a vow to commit an action that would violate the law of the land?
What does the last ayah in Sura Alaq mean?
Is paying 25% more than you borrowed interest?
Is having sexual relations with a mahram permissible?
Death until Judgement day - the questions and taunt whilst we are living
Can Sunnis eat meat authorised halal by Shi'a?
What can a Muslim do when dining with Christian friends who say grace?
What should a Muslim woman look for in a burkini?
Is the Qur'an a book?
Why are Muslims not allowed to make friends with Jews and Christians but you are allowed to marry them?
If non-believers who haven't heard the message of Islam can go to heaven, why spread Islam?
Can the Qur'an be referred to as The Good Book?
What ta'zeer punishment is given for masturbation?
Must a Muslim learn Arabic to communicate with Allah in the afterlife?
What is the Islamic view on intersexual people?
Reference of a hadith about the night prayer of The Prophet pbuh
Return of gift from ex boyfriend
Is it allowed to read something loudly in a mosque while some people are praying?
Is a Muslim man permitted to marry a Christian woman who does not want to accept Islam?
Shias believe the successors to Muhammad must be from the Ahl-ul-Bayt. Aren't the four Rashidun caliphs related to the Prophet?
Is there a hadith instructing Fatima to look after household affairs?
Does homosexuality go against the fitra according to the Qur'an and Sunnah?
Who were sentenced to death during the conquest of Mecca?
Are all prophets alive in their graves?
When does qiyas (deductive analogy) become bid'ah (innovation)?
Are images of the Prophets more haram than images of other beings with souls?
Are all pictures are prohibited or only pictures with eyes?
How should an atheist like me approach competing religious claims?
Is evolution a lie according to Islam?
Does the Hanbali school of thought accept qiyas despite Ibn Hanbal rejecting it, and if so why?
Does using "ibn" meaning "son of" in names have Islamic significance?
Is it enough to give dawah only to not fully practicing Muslims and not to non Muslims?
What constitutes reviling/defaming/being sarcastic about Islam?
Does Marriage related divination exist in Islam?
How to wash feet for Ablution at a workplace? Is Prayer valid without washing feet?
According to Hanafi jurisprudence, marrying Jews or Christians is Makruh Tahrimi. Why is it Makruh Tahrimi even though it is allowed in the Qu'ran?
How is wearing a wig imitating the kafir?
Can I go to jannah without having wife?
Will we enter Jannah with only a faith in Allah and all the basic duties of Islam?
Only 10 Sahabas were given the news of Paradise, what about the others?
Does a widow 1st nikah will be finish after her husband died?
Do we have punishment in graves?
Talking during intercourse inherits aphonia and looking at genitalia inherits blindness?
On what basis do Sunni Muslims believe that the Quran is uncreated?
How is the Holy Trinity and John 5:7 of the Bible interpreted in Islam?
What is the meaning of the Dua given in this Hadith?
1400 year old virgin?
What is the reason why it is haram to dye one's hair black?
Authenticity of "If a young man repents, the torment of grave is withheld from east to west for 40 days"?
If someone is not distracted from Islam by music, is it still haram?
What precisely does the "fallacious" fatwa of Muhammad 'Abduh regarding business transactions involving interest say?
Are women in hijab assumed not to be "asking for it" in sexual assault cases?
Do Ayatollahs Khomeini and Khamenei have influence outside of Iran?
According to the four Sunni schools, is it impermissible to follow an extinct madhhab?
Are there conditions on a Muslim man marrying a non-Muslim woman?
Is doing wudhu whilst in the state of wudhu rewarded?
Is hijab wajib (obligatory) for a slave woman?
Can a woman shave her legs and arms?
Azan in loudspeakers
How to deal with sexual urges?
Are there any free Online Urdu Qur'ans?
Can a woman cut a man's hair (and vice versa)?
Does the Qur'an contain an ayah about passing on knowledge being like a seed to be planted?
Is a marriage which is illegal in the host country still Islamically valid?
What is the exact meaning of "soorah" (image in Arabic) in the ahadith which state "Allah created Adam in his image"?
What constitutes "fitrah"?
What are the benefits of using olive oil in Islam?
Can my muslim husband have a friendship with an older woman, because she is like his mother?
What does the exception in "No man should be alone with a woman except when there is a Mahram with her" mean?
Wali's right to marry off a virgin without her consent in different madhahib
What do terms like Shirkat-ul-Mufavdha in business partnerships under Islamic law mean?
Is it sunnah to clean one's plate after eating?
Latest views/ruling about egg donation between wives of same man?
What does Islam say about the right of the wife to have a child?
What would happen if someone took an oath on a persons grave and lied?
Will nikah be valid if witnesses were Non-Muslims?
Official definition of tawarruk تورك(in the context of salat, not in context of islamic finance "tawarruq"تورق)
If a man divorces his wife, does his daughter become halal for him to marry?
Can I put salat on a pause until I can fix my mental issues?
How can a new Muslim fit in when praying in a mosque in Iran?
On what evidence did Sheikh Dr Usama Hasan issue his fatwa on fasting?
Fiqh on attempted crimes
Are both your nose and forehead supposed to rest on the turbah during sujood?
After breaking an oath, do we need to feed 10 poor persons in a single day?
Jerusalem in the Qur'an?
How can someone turn to Allah in times of crisis?
Why is Jesus called the son of Mary so many times?
Is Usufruct (where a loaned item produces something) a form of interest?
Hadith about fears of the hypocrites who argue using the Quran giving wrong interpretations?
What is the difference between 'illa and sabab in usul al fiqh?
How is meditation and concentration done in Islam?
During jama'at prayers, what are you suppose to do when the Imam is say Hamd and Surah?
Authenticity of the Hadith regarding the one who disdains prayers
Can I marry an atheist woman with our parents' consent? What if she's pregnant?
Marry a cousin uncle
Can my husband refuse sex, and what can I do about it?
Kissing thumbs on listening the name of Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him)
Who can be my wali if my parents don't agree to let me marry now but later?
Should we observe nawafil on the Night of 27th Rajab?
What is the source of the following narration about pilgrimage during the last hour?
Is getting into the actuarial profession haram or halal?
Is Al badi a name of Allah ?
Is "venting" halal, or even sunnah?
Did the Prophet and his wives get into squabbles?
How does a Muslim woman balance friendliness with shyness?
What is this alif like sign?
If I refuse to divorce my wife, can the Shari'ah Council divorce us against my will?
Is it improper to describe Friday as "sabbath"?
Are we encouraged to talk about Islam, or should we be cautious to avoid talking without knowledge?
Is there a book that presents the surahs of the Quran in chronological order with full description
Can a muslim man marry a spiritual monotheist woman?
Qur'an and science these days and how people claim that it is debunked and not accurate?
What are the benefits of accepting polygamy for women?
How scientific are Hadith sciences?
Is touching a woman's hand allowed when exchanging money?
What is the difference between "adab" and "behavior"?
Is praying with a child enough for Jumu'ah (congregational) prayer?
Did Abu Thawr state that there is nothing wrong with female-lead mixed-gender prayers?
Do the exact words محمد رسول الله (Muhammad is the messenger of God) appear in the Qur'an?
Why are apostates executed and how is this compatible with freedom of belief?
Are Muslims allowed to research/read/listen about sex related content (not porn)
Is the name Mahdiya allowed for baby girl?
Is intraday trading haraam if you convert losses to investments?
If society developed so that hijab was considered men's attire, what should Muslim women do?
Combining prayers In certain cases
Do other living creatures besides Insaan and jin pray to the Almighty?
On what basis are the Sahaba considered trustworthy narrators of Hadeeth?
How can a woman get a haircut in a non-Islamic country?
Is determining which niqabi is your wife a problem for Muslim men?
Does Islam have an explanation for the pain of childbirth?
How can we be thankful to Allah?
How much to pay the employee?
What is the niyyat for nafl namaz?
How the wives of Nabi SAW used to call for him?
What steps have to be taken to marry?
What is jealousy and how to deal with it?
Are late payment charges considered as Riba?
How does one become Muslim as a Woman?
Was slave prostitution allowed?
How can a Muslim woman indicate her willingness to be an obedient wife to a prospective husband?
"Anything" in paradise? My love?
To what extent does the ruling of imitating the kuffaar apply to?
What is the authenticity of the du'a "O Allah, bless us in Rajab and Sha‘baan, and let us reach Ramadan"?
What is the special night mentioned in surat ad-Dukhan (44:3-4)? And what exactly will be distinct?
Can a (male) taxi driver drive a female (non mahram), while being alone?
Are there any Qur'anic verses that address atheists?
If a Muslim woman abandons hijab, how would other Muslim women typically react?
Are grand-nieces mahrams?
Should a woman keep her head cover while performing Wudu?
Is fiat currency devaluation via inflation a form of interest, making fiat currency based money haram?
What sources identify Si'la, a jinn appearing in shape of a women, and Arwah, spirits which can be seen by children?
How much information should be shared between potential husband and wife before nikkah?
Was Ali ibn Abu Talib elected as caliph by the Umma
Was there an Islamically sanctioned reason for Aisha, the prophet's wife, to revolt against the election of Ali ibn Abu Talib for caliph by the Ummah?
Can we use Dzikir instead of mantras to make meditation more Islamic?
Can non-alcoholic beer or wine not be haram?
Do Sunnis believe in the infallibility of Rasoolallah?
Bani Israil in west Africa, Jews of bilad al sudan
More than three talaqs but in ignorance. Is the marriage valid? Can they remarry?
What is the 'illuminating lamp' mentioned in Surah Al-Ahzab?
What are the Keys of the Unseen?
Are there explicit statements in the Quran about the purpose of life?
Is pasta halal to eat?
If my husband divorced me twice but says he did it three times, are we still married?
Sincerity with good deeds
How a simple Muslim can contribute towards the act of Dawah (proselytizing)?
Is it permissible to pray taraweeh at home?
Can an ex-wife's son legally prevent her accessing divorce settlement money?
What are the sunnah rakahs of taraweeh?
Why don't we pray the Sunnah Rakaats of Salah in Jamaat (Congregation)?
Can we spend zakat on our street as its broken?
Do men and women pray differently?
When proposing / before agreeing to marry a woman, how much can a man look at her (body)?
Is there any hadith about reciting dua which involves the Dajjal?
How did Muhammad Abduh come to understand Qur'an 4:3 as meaning to discourage and even prohibit polygamous marriage?
What did Imam Nawawi mean by "demanding her in marriage" in relation to a marriage proposal?
Can social functions be booked in a Church?
Why are orphans considered orphans when their father dies and not when both their parents die?
Were Muslims allowed to buy slaves?
Who can be wali, and in what order?
Is smelling impure things (like pig) haram?
Does relinquishing lead of fajr salaat to 'Eesa bin Maryam by Mahdi an indication that ameer ul mumineen need not be from progeny of Ali and Fatima?
Did Uthman read the whole Quran in one rakah?
Are buffet restaurants haram?
is it safe for me to go in mosque?
Is it true that the Prophet Muhammad foretold the birth of Malik ibn Anas?
Is it sunnah to put hands on chest/heart after shaking hands?
Who is responsible for maintaining the child(ren) if a wife gets pregnant in nikah mut'ah?
Do left-handed converts need to start eating with their right hand?
Is it a sin for a woman to look at her private parts, etc., for arousal?
What circumstances are concubines allowed these days?
At what age does a person become an adult in Islam?
Should I forego fajr prayer when my husband asks for intercourse?
Wife/Family lied to me before getting Nikkah
Can I remarry a Muslim man without a legal Divorce with my non-Muslim husband?
What are the sources of slavery?
Can men leave their hair short in sides and long in middle?
Is there any hadith which says a Muslim will face a lot of hardships?
Is it a sin to miss salah because of sleep nowadays?
Explanation for hadith "Were it not for Bani Israel, meat would not decay"
Did U'mar Bin Khittab lose both arms in battle?
What role does "obligatory caution" play in Sunni Islam?
Can amputation of hands as sharia punishment for theft be performed under anaesthetic?
Does my partner transitioning from male to female invalidate our marriage, and what happens if we stay together?
Is it valid to eat saher after maghrib instead of early in the morning?
Who does a typical Islam Q&A fatwa speak for?
Can I still marry my cousin who may have had premarital intercourse with my other cousin?
What is Allah (swt), neither good nor evil?
What does "iyyakum" mean in this hadith?
Is it lawful for muslim to prohibit lgbt from getting an education?
What is the origin of the supplication: "O Allah, light my heart with knowledge"?
Is eating red meat every day prohibited?
Is everything that is harmful haram?
Is the hadith "He who loves kafirs, he shall be resurrected with them" authentic?
"Harmful" implies "haram" - what tradeoffs exist?
Did Muhammad bin idrees ash shafaee make such a statement?
How to speak to a non-Muslim in order to invite them to Islam?
How does Islam justify non-guided people going to hell and what is the point of free will if the future is already written?
Is it true that a child is affected if the mother commits sins?
Does Islam have some sort of creed, or do muslims use creeds and also are there any examples of creeds?
Can a woman travel alone?
Will I be judged on judgment day for not avoiding my family's haram business?
Is it true that non-Muslims are punished under sharia according to their holy book (e.g., the Bible)?
Is it generally important to eat an odd number of dates?
If Asma bint Abu Bakr accepted the Prophet's offering of a ride, would the Prophet have committed a sin?
Can a Muslim sell clothes that are worn generally by the common masses to a Muslim customer?
Did Allah let us know His wisdom behind the gruesome punishments in the afterlife?
Is the claim that Zamzam water is poisonous true?
Did suleiman take help from evil jinns?
Can I marry an unchaste Christian woman that is a webcam model?
Is paying bail classed as bribery in Islam?
Can a person know he or she is going to Jannah or Jahannam in dream?
Is there a reward for building a mosque in Minecraft?
Does using abusive and bad words for the companions of Muhammad take one out of the fold of Islam?
Is taking a bath equivalent to performing ghsul or wudhu?
How did the Prophet Muhammad look like?
Is the sun orbiting the earth according to the majority salafi view?
Why do Muslims believe angels don't have freewill?
Which sunni scholars denied ijma'?
What is the authenticity of the hadith about Ja'far's tanned damsel in Paradise?
Is saying "in sha Allah" on every intended act obligatory?
Did ulama actively oppose the caliphate's expansionism?
What is the Islamic position on torture of prisoners?
In which direction did Noah and Adam pray?
What is the difference between 'Wahi' and 'Ilham'?
Why is Muhsin bin Ali bin Abi Talib not considered among imams of Shia?
What is the overall grade of this hadith describing people of paradise?(Arabic users)
Is it generally understood by this hadith that verses were removed from the Quran after they were revealed?
Mujtahid vs Mujahid
Does the ankle rule apply to modern day clothing
How does a woman go about fighting in the cause of Allah?
Why don't we say Mashallah 33 times?
What is the role of a Muslim woman?
What to do after forgetting to perform Sajda as-Suhw?
Shia Sources for first meet between Mahdi and Eesa
Islam related question
Did the Prophet have knowledge of the unseen ('ilm al-ghayb)?
is it compulsory to perform Rafa Yadain
Is this marriage allowed
Is believing without verifying a speech by the ullammah shirk?
Information about hazarat khizar
Did 4 righteous caliphs take Jizyah from non Zoroastrian polytheists?
Are Islam Q&A fatwas stating "kuffaar should be compelled to enter Islam" and sincerity being a condition of faith contradictory?
In Jumu'ah Salah, can 1 imam recite the khutba and another imam lead the prayer?
Where was the place where Moses followed al-Khidr and met the boy?
Paying off the interest of a student loan with interest earned from investments
A non muslim woman wants to divorce her non muslim husband to marry a muslim, does the muslim man get a sin for breaking up a marriage
Is it OK to refer to Eisa ibn Merriam as 'son of man'?
Is the hadith about the People of Iraq becoming fulfilled?
Rewards of a non-muslim
What is the authenticity of hadith describing people of paradise with white complexion and curly hair?
How did saying Mashallah originate?
Do Islamic speakers compare "strike them" in Qur'an 4:34 to spanking a disobedient child?
Was Dua-e-Qunut part of the Quran earlier?
Is joining Maghrib and Isha salah together everyday for 2 months allowed?
Are shia imam better than prophet ibrahim?
Did bilqis continue as queen?
Why don't we have a single descendant of Hassan among the 12 imams?
In Iran, before the second ruku in prayer, what is said during the standing dua?
What is meant by "touch" in this hadith?
Am I allowed to pirate a game I bought before on another platform?
How do you combine salah?
New moon sighting follow local or Saudi or international sighting?
If Allah created the universe then why Allah doesn't mention that (how) he created the universe instead of saying the duration of creating it?
Do Non-Muslim women need a wali to get married?
What is the punishment for slapping someone's face?
How is the distance explained as per theology?
Was Sabbath not prescribed on a sect of the Jews?
Meaning of Quran 2:111 "Produce your proof"?
Can a man have sex with wife if bleeding continues even after the exact time of women monthly bleeding?
Is there any particular Dua for wedding night?
If father is dead and brothers refuse to act as my nikah wali, what are my options to get married?
Is there an Islamic basis to turning off your car radio during adhan?
Can you use electricity if it causes global warming?
Classification of zina in difficult situations (here: for a disabled person)
Does Shia Islam prohibit saying "Ameen" after reciting al Fatiha?
Does Allah have a house?
Is masturbating without thinking about someone haram?
Which sunni scholars deny naskh tilawa (removed verses from the quran)?
Is everyone in the world muslim?
Are there instances of Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) forcing polytheists to Islam?
Do we have only 4 revelations by name?
Did earlier prophets also travel on buraq?
What rules apply when fasting for Ramadan while traveling through different time zones?
Is it true that the Prophet had more than four wives at a time, and how could he break the rule?
What should i do if I raise for 4th rakat maghrib by mistake?
What is Islam's view about women's freedom of taking decision to stay spinster?
Do Nizari Ismaili Shias believe in the infallibility of all the Imams?
Could it be beneficial to leave Islam and convert back with a clean slate?
If one must break fast to drink, should they eat as well?
Have I sinned if I removed pork from my meal, but continued to eat it, even though I had doubted the permissibility of doing so?
When does someone stop being an orphan?
Is it haram to marry a Christian woman even if she is chaste?
Is it likely that the sana'a manuscript was an accepted reading of the Quran?
What does Islam say about extramarital sex?
Does a sailor who is abroad for 6 months shorten prayer for the whole period?
Which prominent Sunni scholars say music is not haram?
Women aren't allowed to show their hair to non-mahrams. What about wigs?
Different times for call of fajr prayer on consecutive days
Does Islam believe that Jesus will come back to rule as the king of Israel?
Were there non-Imam Prophets as per Shia Islam?
What to do when there are doubts about wuzu?
Is it sinful to apply chemotherapy for cancer patients?
Is the minimum marriage age for males 12 and females 9 in the Hanafi fiqh?
Is it sinful to give my child the freedom to choose religion by himself?
How can niyat be omitted?
Can we read selected surhas during tarhaveeh?
Should I marry someone who is not a virgin by premarital sex?
If one shortens prayer for travel during Ramadan, must they also not fast?
Is saying "unfortunate" and "fortunate" kufr?
What is the main purpose of Hijab in Islam?
If one hits puberty before age of 12 or 9, is it obligatory to fast in Hanafi madhab?
Is converting to Islam easier than Judaism?
Is it haram to continue watching a movie/series after it shows something offensive about Islam?
Is it possible that Hinduism was founded by a Prophet of Allah but has been changed into polytheism?
How long is the Taraweeh prayer usually?
How is the Shia prostration of thanksgiving performed?
How can we determine if a wali is refusing marriage to a man whose religious commitment and character are good?
After recently starting to earn a salary, when do I need to pay zakat?
What is the significance of slitting the ears of cattle in Qur'an 4:119?
Should I follow the prayer times of an app or from the local masjid?
A man is converting to Islam for me but I don't like him
When is a travelling person allowed to break his/her fast
Why did Prophet Muhammad perform stoning if it was not advised through quran?
Is the practice of "marrying the Qur'an" allowed?
Is donating blood or bone marrow forbidden in Islam?
Is it haram to watch people kiss on TV?
Is it wrong to use the words Namaz, Khuda, Roza?
Can halal and non-halal food be transported in the same vehicle/container?
I have depression, is my medicine haram?
Between wife or mother who has the right to stay in the son/husband's house?
Does taking birth control break my fast?
Are gay people in this life still gay in the afterlife?
Is it prohibited to send Quranic verses by WhatsApp where people delete it after reading it?
Do you have to be married in paradise?
Which scholars claimed Buddha was a messenger of God?
Can I have sex with an unknown person if my husband has been abroad for around five years?
Does unwillingly saying "talaaq" three times count as divorce?
Is it a sin to hide a halal marriage, denying it in public?
What is the 'awrah for men? Should a man lower his gaze on seeing another shirtless man?
If sleeping invalidates wudu, why are we encouraged to do wudu before sleeping?
Can parents stop me from doing things that is not haram or obligate me to do something that is not wajib?
I missed the four rakath sunnath salat before dhuhr, should I perform that later according to Hanafi madhab?
Is the game Age of Empires haram?
What type of animal is preferable to sacrifice for Eid Adha?
What does كُفُوً mean in Surah Ikhlas?
What am I expected to do when people ask me to pray for them?
Is masturbating with someone online zina?
Legal basis for kuffar women needing a wali?
Step 1. Istikharah. Step 2. "Will you marry me?" Step 3. "No." Is this how it's meant to work?
Can niyat (intention) be done by heart, or must it be declared verbally?
How do Shias perform the taslim (final salam) in prayer?
Which Quranic ayat state the number of Imams is 12?
Why does passing wind break wudo when sneezing does not? And why don't we wash our bottoms after passing wind?
Was the hadith "...for a woman is created from a rib..." only for Eve and not for women in general?
Is the reward for observing hijab in Iran the same as for observing hijab in Australia?
Burning of Masjid al-Dirar
Things bare witness and wrong doings in the past
Is buying a car on installments from a commercial Islamic bank haram?
Does obeying the "law of the land" extend to extraterritorial jurisdiction?
Can a Muslim man marry a non-Muslim woman who only believes there is one God?
Requirment for Ghusl after Sexual Intercourse or Masturbation
Who uses "sharia" as a synonym for "fiqh" or "din"?
What is greater sin between murder and zina?
Are our biological parents our spiritual brothers and sisters?
Are wet dreams from Shaitan?
Why shouldn't you tell anyone about nightmares?
How are the rulings for menstruation defined?
If Allah is neither "He" nor "She", why is it so important to call Him "He"?
Under what category falls the bleeding after an abortion?
What to do after urination in the kitchen sink?
Does the Arabic in Qur'an 4:16 "...the two who commit it..." necessarily refer to two men?
How do the hanafis explain praying 10 raka't of optional prayers after jumu'ah?
What is fitna (temptation)?
Did Prophet Muhammad call for Jihad to kill non Muslims or force them to convert?
Popular du'a for breaking fast is weak / when to say?
Does Qur'an 6:26 imply that someone kept away from Islam is blameless?
If those who have gone astray will not harm the guided (Qur'an 5:105), why were many Prophets harmed?
Why do some translations of Qur'an 79:30 talk about the Earth being egg-shaped?
Is it makru to take appetite suppressants at suhur before starting the fast?
Does Qur'an 5:48 imply that Allah wants Jews to follow the Torah and Christians to follow the Gospel, instead of the Qur'an?
Who lighted the fire?
If a Muslim friend started drinking alcohol in front of me, how can I appropriately react?
If homosexuality should result in execution, why is it not listed in ahadith as a reason to kill someone?
Why are people in your coumminity commiting violent acts in the name of your God?
Is dwelling on bad thoughts towards Islam a sin?
In the Hanafi view, after my husband said the triple talaq in anger, am I now divorced with no hope of reconciliation?
How can Prophet Isa return to Earth without violating Prophet Muhammad being the last Prophet?
Can you make your own dua instead of duas that are already prescribed?
When marital problems arise, how is arbitration as per Qur'an 4:35 conducted?
Which scholars deny hadith being mutawātir?
Is it better to finish reading the Quran during Ramadan without understanding it, or understanding it without finishing it?
What is the difference between Usul-fiqh/Usul-Din and Quranic studies and Sharia and Islamic Studies?
Do you have to be obsessive in rinsing the mouth when you start fasting?
What is the minimum amount of narrations needed in order for a hadith to be classed as mutawatir according to the different scholars?
Is it wrong to attend iftar at a masjid if I am not fasting?
In Shia Islam, how is the ruling forbidding fasting while travelling arrived at?
Which Sahaba were Jews and Christians before they became Muslim?
Are all my deeds not accepted now?
How is Islam a "religion of peace" when the Quran says that apostasy is punishable by death?
Is the translation of Qur'an 4:40 "If there be a good deed, He will repay twofold" inaccurate?
Does Qur'an 4:3 forbid marrying more than four wives?
If a Muslim woman were beaten by her husband who believes his actions are Sharia compliant, how can she rectify the situation?
Is working online from home haram?
Is it necessary to complete the Quran in taraweeh from one Masjid?
Is it haram to discuss our father's careless employees at home?
Are any parts of the Bible generally accepted as the authentic word of Allah?
Are there halal bitcoin trading sites?
is it allowed to draw a face with only eyes?
Who is Prophet Muhammad's enemy mentioned in Qur'an 6:112?
What is an example of how a contextualist scholar applies the Qur'an in different ways according to context?
Is it haram to even mention "pig"?
Why are muslims circumcised when Allah created him in that way?
Is it haram for a husband to get his 13 or 14-year-old wife pregnant?
How is Qur'an 4:93 (which forbids killing a believer) compatible with the death penalty?
What is the meaning of the hadith about giving your opinion about the Quran?
Is there evidence to exercise a little before Iftar?
Is parent respect and care due even if they abused you?
How is Qur'an 6:146, where Jews are prohibited from certain foods, compatible with "no bearer of burdens will bear the burden of another"?
Is it compulsory to perform ghusl even if they cannot do so due to medical reasons?
What is the significance of the day of Ashura, and is it obligatory to fast that day?
Can Jannah satisfy homosexual desires?
Does the word "infidel" have any significance in Islam?
Who went around the Kabah naked before Prophet Muhammad forbade it?
Can people in heaven and hell ordinarily communicate with one another?
What does Qu'ran 2:65 mean when it says 'Be apes, despised'?
Did Allah arrange or choose what type of life we would have?
Prayer direction inside kaabah
Is it true that the Black Stone was given to Adam to erase his sins?
Is there an authentic hadith to the effect of "If Fatima suffers, I also suffer. Don't you ever marry anyone but Fatima"?
Can Witr and Taraweeh be performed at different times?
Is my fast valid if I do ghusl after eating sohor?
Is it forbidden to lie down while a Quran recitation is heard?
What is the reason for being buried lying on your right side?
What does "if Allah had a son" mean? Does it indicate that Allah can have a son?
Is questioning Allah forgivable?
According to scholars who view transgenderism as haram, what should a post-operative transsexual do?
What does "doubled and multiplied" means in the context of usury in Qur'an 3:130?
What proof do we have that the Quran we are using is the right version?
Are Mandeans considered Ahl-ul Kitab?
What is the relation between ayah 1 and 2 in surah al Isra'?
Why prophet Ibrahim a.s mentioned many time in Quran
What does the "Taqlid Period, after the formation of Madhabs and the closing of the gate of ijtihad" refer to?
Does Qur'an 23:6 talk about "wives" or "spouses" in إِلَّا عَلَىٰ أَزْوَاجِهِمْ?
Migration to non-muslim land because of social persecution because of racism
Is a convert required to immediately choose a sect, e.g. Sunni or Shia?
Is it permissible to pay off my relative's loan with interest using zakat money?
If I gain pleasure from spanking men, would it be haram to do so?
If one does fidyah for not fasting in Ramadan, but afterwards one is able to fast, should one make up for missed days?
Is henotheism also a sin in Islam?
Where should I start in the Hadith?
Is my Umrah valid?
Is a bank job which is related to an ATM cards department haram?
What is the difference between fidyah الفدية and kaffarah الكفارة?
What are the blessings of praying in a specific spot in the Prophet's mosque?
If nikkah was broken due to uttering words of disbelief, then talaaq is given, does the talaaq count?
Can women slaughter animals?
Does a woman have to pray with hijab, when she is alone, according to Shia jurisprudence?
Why is caffeine and coffee considered halal?
Does punishment in the worldly life replace punishment in the hereafter?
Should the niyyah for salah be specific?
Filling gaps in rows once namaz has commenced
Can a wife get a divorce if she is incapable of returning the mahr?
Are my fasts accepted if I Drank Water after Fajr?
Is Caprice treated as a false deity in Islam
What should I do if my Muslim friend invites me with improper food?
If one dies fighting terrorists, is he considered a martyr?
Is there an Alternative to hajj
A husband made a list of demands which prompted his wife to leave Islam; are all of them legally acceptable?
Does Sahih Muslim contain a hadith to the effect of "has Allah not rendered for you the isha prayer in congregation equal to hajj"?
Is there an authentic hadith where a woman is forbidden from leaving the house while her father dies, but they're forgiven for her obedience?
Did prophet Lut become a prophet after Allah's covenant with Ibrahim?
Does having an injection break the fast?
My employer asks me to charge his customer for more hours than I put in; am I earning haram this way?
Is there any backup for this statement about the virtue of Ramadan?
Which classical Hanafis believed anal intercourse is allowed in paradise?
Is it true that Prophet Mohammad did not remove a statue of Mother Mary from the Kabah?
Where was the Prophet allowed to go out in this hadith?
Will I be held responsible if I bought a second-hand phone which may have been stolen?
Is there a relationship between the Arabic terms عائشة‎ (A'isha) and صلاة العشاء (isha prayer)?
Can a woman marry another man without being divorced for the first husband?
Can a girl marry on her own?
Does Aisha witnessing her father's migration to Abyssinia imply she could not have consummated her marriage at age 9?
Was it permissible for me to drink water and breaking my fast after i accidentally swallowed soap?
Is the Arrow of Time inviolable in Islamic belief?
Why did people call Islam 'Muhammadanism' when it clearly states in the Qu'ran that Islam is the name of the religion?
Does the concept of an 'Islamic Name' have authentic origin?
What is the basic process of becoming an imam (prayer leader) at a local mosque?
Could divorce by feigning apostasy be used to escape a violent husband?
Which scholars say that the fast automatically is broken on sunset (maghreb)?
How to greet a group of people in Islam?
1 kg Seed given, 2 kg food returned. Halal or Haram?
Can an arbitrator for domestic disputes in Qur'an 4:35 be a non-Muslim?
How does one repent and remain steadfast on the straight path?
Which scholars say that your fast is valid even if you eat or drink by mistake under Ramadan?
How much should I pay as Sadaqah Fitr?
Can money be donated instead of food for Sadaqah Fitr?
Is urinating in toilet while standing haram?
Is installing software using serial numbers available in internet haram or halal?
Is investment in the cryptocurrency OneCoin OneLife halal?
Would you get away with abusing slave women in the time of the Prophet?
When rain falls, is it safe to say that night isnt laylatul qadr?
Isha prayer meaning
Is there a hadith "whoever shoots at a living creature for sport is cursed" and is it authentic?
I have an period where the blood comes in small amounts; is it valid for me to fast or pray?
In what sense are wives "captives" in the hadith "...they are but captives with you..."?
Is there an Islamic synonym for 'parishioner'
What is the amount of nisab for Zakah?
Is witr prayer obligatory?
Is it sunnah of Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) to do zikr in a loud voice?
Is it ok to wear a thong?
Are people lazy because they are destined to be lazy?
Can I go with my mother as a mahram for umrah?
Am I allowed to take commission from a supplier when my boss doesn't know?
Is chicken Slaughtered by only one man halal?
Not sure if fluid on clothes invalidates Ghusl
Did two or three angels visit Prophet Lut and Ibrahim?
Is it forbidden to destroy a mosque during times of battle?
Is the hadith "I did not see anyone walk faster than [Prophet Muhammad], as if the earth folded for him" authentic?
Is loud dhikr in group allowed?
How can I determine when to break my fast while traveling?
Zakat ul Fitr farz or wajib
Can a Man leave his parent's house to go live with his wife?
Could someone during the time of the Prophet have declared something haram or halal without a basis in the Qur'an nor Sunnah?
Are there any documented sermons by Prophet Muhammad other than the last sermon?
Can I marry a paternal grandfather's cousin?
Can the Answer to Allah be in simple Mathematics?
If women consents to illegal sex and changes her mind during the act, is it rape?
Who defined the terms "makki" and "madani"?
Is it permissible for a brother to lie in sister's laps
Is Hentai Haram? (Drawn Awrah)
Is one allowed to shorten prayers if he is travelling for more than four days but not staying in one place for more than that?
What does "wajib" mean in this hadith about doing ghusl in Jumua (Friday)?
Why didn't Yusuf (as) reveal his identity to his brothers from the start?
What is "taharrush gamea" and is it part of Islam?
Did the Prophet advise against eating in excess on Eid?
If we are all descendants of Prophet Nuh A.S., why are we so many races?
Is wudu largely symbolic?
Is it allowed to fast the day following the day of Eid el fitr?
Does Qur'an 7:189 imply women were created to benefit men?
Why did we do takbir three times during Eid ul-Fitr prayer?
How to decide on a marriage date?
If a man's marriage fulfils "half his deen", what happens with multiple wives?
What is the origin/purpose of the pause marks in the Quran?
May a woman pray in front of a man if he is using a sutrah?
Can i ask my money back from my wife if she does not want to be with me?
Can I call Allah as God or Parwardigar or yahweh?
During sexual intercouse, can I tie my wife to the bed using rope/ a scarf?
What to do when Isha times on mosque calendar is wrong?
Did Imam Malik describe the hadith sciences as "this science is a religion"?
How does a Muslim man go about marrying a Christian girl?
Does the word "hajr" also mean "to bind", and thus Qur'an 4:34 can also be interpreted to imply "tie up your wife and force her to have sex"?
Does a wife have to obey her husband in matters that are doubtful?
Does Shia Islam have any narration where attributing a lie to the Prophet is a grave sin and leads to hell?
According to Shia Islam, does Allah communicate with Iblis in a human voice, and if so whose voice is it?
According to the Qur'an, if one commits a sin, are they supposed to tell their future spouse?
What to recite for asking forgiveness?
Is it a sin if you masturbated without knowing that it was haram?
Do Muslims worship the same deity as Christians?
What to do with majority opinions by scholars?
Do Shia have narration of mubahala between Moses and Qaroon?
Is it enough to cover the drawings and pictures or should we get rid of it completely?
Where does the claim for the punsishment for wasting food and water come from?
How can someone repent if that are afraid they might re-commit a sin?
If a person loves his kaafir relatives, will he be resurrected with them?
After making an oath to try to not repeat a sin, I tried but repeated the sin; do I have to offer expiation?
Is eating with left hand permitted when eating with right hand is difficult and uncomfortable?
Can a husband prevent his wife from becoming e.g. a Shia Muslim?
Obligations and recommendations of sacrificial slaughter?
Is spinal marrow haram to consume?
After Prayer, what shall I do (listening to lecture or doing al-dhikr (Zikir)?
If a wife marries an already married man knowing he cannot do justice between his wives, is she blameworthy?
Can we say Abraham was also sent to entire mankind till last prophet?
Is it permissible for me to uncover my hair in front of female cousins who are atheists?
How to marry a woman who converted to Islam, and was formerly married as a Christian but is yet to get a divorce?
Who does "male attendants having no physical desire" refer to in Qur'an 24:31?
Did Shia imams or their wives practice mutah?
Are disciples of Jesus Muslims, Jews or Christians?
If the script of divorce stamp paper is not written by him and he signs it knowing what it says and with his consent? Id the divorce valid?
What does Islam say about a male who is excessively wealthy but refuses polygamy?
Is Masturbation really forbidden based on Quran 23:5-7?
Can I talk with my kid's classmates' mums?
Are these two ahadith in Bukhari about guardian marriage contradicting each other?
Why Islam claims women are deficient in religion and intelligence? When in reality they could have been not
How to Accept Hoor al Ayn?
Is it permissible for me to eat food (fish, chicken, beef) cooked by Europeons?
Is the lack of information in a hadith a proof of something being allowed?
Shaving chest hair
Meaning of aniya
Is exchanging currency/money permissible?
Is it okay to use law of attraction to get prayers answered from the Almighty or is it shirk?
Is swimming in a mixed pool allowed if women are covered?
Examples of Quran verses that differ from normal recitation?
What are the prospects and challenges of virtual reality from an Islamic perspective?
the implications of Jesus abolishing Jizya?
Supplicating by means of creation
Did Aisha do anything wrong by taking a bath behind a screen in the presence of two men?
Getting high and praying by accident?
Does خنزير الماء (or literally pig of the sea) in this statement or fatwa really refers to a Capyabra?
Am I obligated to make others pray?
What is the reason behind why those who reject belief in Allah are going to hell?
Marriage between different sects in Islam
Should I check my underwear each time before prayer?
Does the process of repentance differ significantly based on the sin?
Who is Dhul-Qarnayn?
Is fake performance of salah during monthly cycle okay?
Difference between prayer times in two mosques of different school of thought
Is it permissible in Islam to have sexual intercourse while the wife is pregnant?
How should a female cleanse herself after her menses?
namaz question while missing prayer
What to do with a birthday gift?
Is it haram to watch shows/movies of superhero movies (e.g. Marvel, DC) and Star Wars?
Is it permissible to marry someone with whom you have had premarital sex?
Is seeking the help of angels permissible in Islam?
What are angels created from?
What does Islam say about people who have died and buried a while after death?
What is the correct manner to perform sujud sahw?
Love towards non-Muslim family?
Getting shares from a company that sells alcohol along with other food items
What is the english meaning of taqwa?
Rules regarding about crossing the prayer.
Husband withholds intimacy from one wife but maintains relations with his other wife
What was the justification for attacking or fighting the Persians in 'Iraq by the Caliphs Abu bakr and 'Omar?
Can i change and add to my full name?
Is it haram to think about sex?
Qasr prayer when camping?
Are the prizes we win from buying things halal?
Do I need to get a divorce from a secret marriage to remarry?
Can I marry my niece from a half-sister?
When does an order constitute fard?
Is Allah a tyrant?
Ritual impurity in pants
Is "Allaah commanded the believing women ... to leave only one eye showing" authentic?
Does Fidhiya has to be paid for the missing Fasts of a dead person
My mom wants me to divorce my wife because she is too short; what should I do?
Are Jews monotheists as per Islam?
can you make dua inside of salat in any language if you are not a native?
Does Islam specify what to think to get to sleep?
Does a person become kafir for having doubts about the existence of Allah S.W.T?
As a Jew, I need an explanation on this
Skipping a mosque for another
How authentic is the story of the spider web at the cave of Thawr?
Is there a reason for sacrificing a ram of a certain color and color around the eyes?
Is it haram to watch thor?
Wife left without warning - talaq?
Which muslim scholars say abrogation is not unique to Quran?
عامين masculine sound plural in Qur'an
Is Krishna a prophet of Allah?
Is Talaaq after Talaaq e Bain valid?
Classification of rape - zina or hirabah?
Is Elijah a name of Muhammad?
What is the division of inheritance in this case?
Burden of proof of hirabah?
Are we allowed to save money in Islam?
In my jannah can there be no hoors, while in my husband's jannah he will have hoors?
What was the exact duration of Hazrat Safiyya (r.a.) idda?
Is there Hadith for the Maliki way of praying?
Diyyat & Expiation
Are there any sahabas of Muhammad (pbuh) who married trinity-believing christians?
Is it halal to pay riba with riba?
Is using fake details online allowed?
Forcing someone for namaz
Is it permissible for a husband to force himself on his wife in bed (marital rape)?
What did the seal of prophet hood look like?
How is criminal intent established in trial?
What does Islam says about e.g. relatives who ask for money but don't work despite being healthy?
Is there any Islamic equivalent of Khumra (with examples)
How does an atheist begin study of the Qu'ran?
How should one remember Allah while programming?
Does Hoor mean Companions?
Inner sects of Shias and beliefs regarding wives of Nabi SAW and companions
Why do Muslims regard their prophet as greater than Moses who brought monotheism thousands of years before?
What improvements did the Islamic prophet bring over the teaching, leadership, sacrifice and example of Jesus?
If the Islamic prophet considered Jesus to be a prophet, why did he teach holy war and live by the sword?
Who stays in Hell forever per Islam?
Is what I'm doing haram?
Relationship without marriage
Can I marry my sister-in-law after my wife's death?
Are women in Islam forced to cover themselves?
Can a muslim woman marry a non-muslim man?
Do blood clots or dried wounds prevent ghusl?
Converting to Islam and visit to local mosque
Is basing the authenticity of a hadith based on its source even right?
Does Allah know the future?
What is the ruling for making images?
Is eating properly slaughtered meat in a Christian country halal?
What is the punishment for being gay or lesbian?
How can life be a Test if Allah is all-knowing?
Where to put shoes during prayer
Is dancing allowed in Islam?
What being is Gabriel?
I married a non-Muslim, will allah forgive?
What happened to the slave girls of the prophet?
Is mindfulness meditation haram?
How do we reconcile the Quran and Sunan Abu Dawud with the fact that the Earth is not flat?
Is it mandatory for non muslims to wear a skull cap when they enter a mosque for visiting and during namaz to join the namaz service?
When did Noah live?
Is taking shoes off on home entry a Sunnah?
What dua's and dhikrs are recommended to recite when going to sleep?
Must muslimah wear hijab all time at home if a guest lives there
Ruling on being friend with a Muslim who does not pray
Punishment for torturing
Is your book of deeds closed upon death?
Iddat in hajj tour
Does Islam grant women the right to seek divorce?
Love in islam is Haram or halal?
Share in inheritance
Can a non-Muslim wife swallow her husband's semen?
Is Quran complete?
Do depressed people go to hell for having rebellious thoughts or commit suicide?
Is uploading a dead person's picture on social media allowed?
What are the rights of Quran on us?
What is the right time for reading morning and evening duas ?
Is thinking about having sex with porn stars haram?
Why we make salat for the prophet?
Is magic in video games haram?
Is healing with honey mentioned in the Koran?
How is Qisas done when equal retaliation is not possible?
Positive feedback in Islam?
What justifies having children if there is a possibility that they will suffer eternally in the afterlife?
What are the benefits accepting Islam as Religion?
If someone spent some money from amanat (trust)?
Who belong to Ahle Bayt?
Is touching a nonmehram zina?
Can a non muslim who believes in one God Allah read a quran in his language keep the holy book respectfully in hi house?
Is you wudhu valid if you put on hair gel/spray on your hair after you complete wudhu?
After prior illegal sex, should he marry someone else, or should he incur the death penalty?
What is the authenticity of the hadith prohibiting cutting nails and hairs for those who want to sactifice on eid al-adha?
Where did the Imam stand for leading congregation prayer in the masjid al-Haram (in the early days of Islam)?
In what cases (if any) is it allowed to pray during a congregation in front of an Imam?
What if someone curses me?
Is returning home on a different way a sunna for jum3a
Does the Quran actually refer to the expansion of the universe?
Is there nobody in Jannah (paradise) yet?
Does Islam permit writing fictional stories?
Why did the two angels Harut and Marut come to earth?
combining Zuhr and Asr in work
How many Sunnah and Nafl rak'at one should offer in Jumuah salah according to all the 4 Imaams?
Caste in Islam is it wrong or right with hadith as well
Hajj Sacrifice Sacrifice
Is there any evidence in Islam that demonstrates how a person should interpret dreams?
Is it permissible to ask for help from social services and press charges against a husband who badly abuses his wife for no reason?
Is wearing hijab only in front of men sexist?
Is sharia law more liberal in UAE?
is it true that if you join Islam you can't leave it anymore or you face death penalty?
Is an email processing business halal or haraam?
Should I listen to my mother who doesn't let me do wudu because I can get sick?
Are there obsolete hadith?
Is making tawbah sufficient for lying when swearing on the Quran?
Is studying probability (mathematics) halal?
Are Muslims waiting for the Messiah?
Is it ok to use Allah's name as many say "Oh, my God!" or "Gosh"?
Will I get rewarded if I study worldly sciences with intention to do good in future?
How is "Allah burdens not a person beyond his scope" compatible with people dying in natural disasters?
Is offering a sacrifice on Eid ul Adha required?
What is the correct manner to join Eid prayer when arriving late?
What are the most beloved acts of worship?
Keeping a animal as a pet
Is there a prayer or something I can do to see Allah or to hear His Voice in my dream?
How was it possible for satan to lead Adam and Eve astray when they were in heaven?
Do unmarried women become public property?
Airport dogs checking our bags
Can a marriage be valid if the man is a revert whose parents are Muslim and Hindu?
Is giving prize money on an Islamic quiz considered gambling?
What kind of games are permissible and forbbiden?
Are sins I committed prior to converting to Islam forgivable?
Yahya and his assigned name
Ants making my life miserable can I kill them
It is OK to pray for forgiveness for a non-Muslim who does not want to become a Muslim?
Will Allah hate me if I hate him, and how is this consistent with the name Al-Wadud (The Most Loving)?
What's the proper way to ask someone for marriage?
How do you pray salah lying down?
What is the 'veil' mentioned in Surah ash-Shura?
Is a tournament with an entry fee and first- and second-prize money gambling?
Does the spirit have the same form as his/ her body? And what are the rights for a spirit?
How can I remain in contact with my girlfriend in an Islamic way?
Why exactly is it haram to have a girlfriend?
Why can't a woman marry four men?
Is wearing a nosepin allowed in Islam?
What kind of names are permissible to put on your child?
How can one increase the life span and youth?
is Rohingya Genocide related to their religion?
Is there anything in Islam about homosexuality in animals?
Is it haram to swear if you are not insulting?
Why Allah is self introducing in Quran by using the word "we" instead of using "I"?
If you are homosexual would you enter heaven?
Is it preferable for someone to ask God To take revenge on a specific person for him rather than doing by himself?
Can a weak Muslim country at war with a powerful Muslim country seek help from a powerful non-Muslim country?
Explanation of hadith forbidden from drinking from green jars?
Will I get rewarded if I try my best to study good in school?
Adam ate from the Tree of Eternity. Does that mean people of Heaven aren't eternal?
Pre- conversion marriage
What does Islam teach about Love?
Can I marry an Egyptian man who remarried his ex-wife?
Is it impermissible to remarry your ex-husband unless you have married someone else?
When umrah season will start/open after hajj 2017?
Can a person lie to keep something safe or hidden or to protect something which will benefit him?
How can I explain to someone that,no one knows what is Allah's decision?
Do kaafir have to get his head shaved when he becomes a muslim?
How is the Tahiyatul Masjid salah performed and what is the additional rakka some people perform?
Is what I mentioned here on text is a disbelief?
At what age should girls avoid contact with men?
Is it true that exaggerating love will lead you to shirk?
Is depicting Muhammad in animated cartoons or video games allowed?
Is receiving donations over the web halal?
What is meant by "increasing disbelief" in Surah Aal 'Imraan verse 90?
Age of Khadijah
If a 15- to 16-year old became knowledgeable of Islam but refused to enter, if they die will they enter Heaven?
Is playing with your own private part haram?
Can a person who has converted to Islam keep his old name?
Day and night in heaven?
Is this the correct translation of Imam ibn Taymiyyah's views on veiling?
What is there to know about the awrah-ness of women's feet?
For a woman, can another woman be a non-mahram?
Can I use perfume that contain alcohol and will it affect my prayer?
Does Making And Or Selling Fishing Lures Haram?
Is it possible to ask for an Iron Man suit in Jannah?
Is playing 8-ball pool haram?
How do I make my marriage to a non Muslim valid?
Is there a Muslim pride flag and if not, why not?
Hadith about wife licking pus of husband authentic?
can I marry my cousins husband's sibling brother?
Can my husband perform oral sex?
Inadvertent mistake with Jewish books?
Was the Prophet known to engage in any artistic pursuits?
wearing necklaces that have verses from the Quran on them a sin?
What precisely did ibn Qayyim say regarding a husband engaging his wife in housework?
Is performing namaz mandatory in order to go to heaven?
Does the reward of goat qurbani(uḍḥiyyah ) in Eid al-Adha goes to deeds of a deceased
Why does Islam reject the current versions of the Bible and Torah?
Is there a formal process to legally leave Islam?
is it haram to decompile a .dll assembler to see it's content?
If we send charitable rewards to the deceased, will they be notified of who has sent a charitable reward to them?
When a woman's husband dies and she remarries, which husband will she be with in Jannah?
What are the rulings of praying and follwing an Imam from outside a mosque when the mosque is crowded?
Praying outside a mosque following an Imam, even if there's space inside the mosque?
How do we know that "Yahdi mayyasha" refers to whom?
How do I ask Allah to forgive me for my past life and lying about it to protect my wife?
Is it valid to offer salat ul tasbeeh after jummah prayer?
Abusive spouse in dunya, relationship in the akhira?
Is a little urinary incontinence forgiven?
Is it permissible to have food that has squid in it, or eat the food but not the squid?
Is binary option trading halal?
how much time lapse should a couple be separated from each other to sustain nikkah between them?
Is this true that the behaviours of moon effects us? Is this believed in in islam?
How to reconcile between hadith of fatrah(interval between prophets)
Is it permissible to kill a lizard and other animals of it's species like chameleon, salamander etc?
Is there a hadith on repentance that says "Repentance is sorrow"?
Parents not understanding
Time of delaying prayer
How Al-Khidr knew what the will of Allah is
Would it be considered a valid Ghusl if I had a bit instant adhesive stuck near thumb nail while taking Ghusl and it is still there after the Ghusl?
Is chicken of a foreign restaurent halal?
The correct procedure for dealing with the evil eye
Is it permissible for a girl/woman to kiss the hand of an elderly non-mahram man out of respect?
Is it bad to leave your parents if they giving you a hard life?
Can we recite quranic duas after the last tashahhud?
Whats the meaning of the logo on the amulet? is it permissible in islam?
Can the Jummah Khutbah be made in another language besides Arabic?
Is Islamic divorce enough to get re-married, or do I need an English civil divorce, too?
Did my act become shirik
The laws of retribution in Islam
Watching porn for sexual desires? parents not marrying
Authenticity of the hadith about whoever recites ten verses of Surat al-Baqarah in the morning
What is the literal meaning of Sallallahu?
Is the hadith of non-renewal of ablution after cupping authentic?
Are girls/women mahrams of/to each other?
What does Islam say about Superstiotns
Punishment for those who do not know
Is it allowed to use utensils which have pictures of animals, birds or humans drawn on it?
How many books / kitabs was sent down from Allah SWT
Friend put hand on mother's head and swore a lie, is the mother going to get death or misfortune
What is "Taqleed"? And who should do complete Talqeed and who is not obliged to do taqleed?
Quran in Arabic and Only Translation
Is using "Lord" in a nickname or the sort haram?
Is it shirk to delay prayer?
Is the 73-sects hadith authentic?
Can Muslims go to war against a secular government for refusing refugees?
Are jizya and zakat/sadqa the only sources for state finances in Islam?
Is selling ciggarette lighters permissible?
Is Obeying law of your country shirk?
How should we understand the connection between the Prophet and the poem of Tarafa and what is the authenticity of the narration if there is any?
Can a muslim woman marry someone else if she had committed zina in a former illegal relationship?
Does fasting Ashura expiate all sins minor and major?
Is believing in the division of Tawheed by Ibn Taymiyah an act of Bid'ah?
What did the Prophet do for a living before receiving Prophethood?
Which tradition states that Surah An-Nasr was revealed in Makkah?
Name Of This Outer-Garment and It's Relevance To Sunnah
Helping a choking person
The origin of God and Laws of Nature (Islamic perspective)
The symbolic meaning of the colour green in islam
Islamically, is it okay to remind family members what you spend on them?
Is using VPN haram?
Is celebrating majoos nawrooz a obligatory action for Twelver Shia?
What does Islam offer to protect a child of a haram relationship?
Is this Hadith Authentic? I cant find a reference anywhere
What was the meaning of the name "Allah" before Islam?
Why did God leave Satan free and allow him to mislead people, but do not the religious people allow us to deceive people?
Giving land to developers who work there by money from interest based loan
Is giving into ones desires shirk?
How Protective Is Allah over the muslims
Why is Quran a miracle?
Is it necessary to finish quran with molvi sitting front of you when u are finishing it first time
Zina of tongue is it or it is not
Should I narrate my dreams to others?
Is reading kaza salah allowed the next day?
Is it obligatory to shave the head when doing Hajj?
Humans must try to show mercy as Allah does
In Islam, is there a limit to the number of intercourse at a time?
Where were we before birth?
Is it allowed in Islam to take comic books art as a profession?
Sin and punishment for using sex toys?
What is the benefit of worship of Allah, for Allah?
Does Islam believe in rebirth?
Do Arabic Roots Have Meaning IN Themselves?
Order after Salat?
Greetings/wishes after salatul jummah
Women without hijab is better than their hijab counterpart?
How did our Prophet Muhammad (PBHU) die?
Is bondage permissible during sexual activities in Islam?
Asking someone to Swear
Do Jinns ever sleep / rest?
Is it permissible to donate money/clothes/food etc to Non-Muslims?
Narrations from Abu Bakr and Ali on "disjointed letters"
What is the concept of doing 'Qadha' salat (missed prayers)? Is it approved by Prophet Muhammad (PBUH)?
Is the reward of reciting Qur'an in other languages same as reciting it in Arabic if one doesn't know how to read Arabic?
How many days did Prophet Yunus / Jonah remained inside the whale?
Is testifying "you are our rabb" equivalent to "there is no deity, worthy of worship but Allah"
Does dying your hair navy blue (which looks black) come under the ruling of dying your hair black?
how to pray Salatul Duha(sunrise prayer)
had my periods and didn't do ghusl
Postponing salats due to time-critical issues
Reciting surats without knowing the true meaning of it
What are the two prayers at the two ends of the day (11:114)?
Is it permissible to do freelancing or learn a new skill while on the job for some company?
Job related Commission
Asking Allah for forgiveness for certain acts committed out of ignorance or forgetfulness
To what extent should one forgive others for the sake of Allah?
Is my nikah valid if the bride lied about her age and previous marriage?
Be polite with youngers.. hadith
Can I read the Quraan during menses from cell phone?
Why is drawing animate objects haram?
Do Shia read darood E Ibrahim in tasshahud?
What are the Islamic rulings on Rape?
Is it correct to recite Surat ul Ikhlas after Surah e Fatiha in first rakah in salat?
Can I combine maghrib and isha, given that I have class during maghrib time?
"Deal with Allah"? Second Chances?
girls having coarse, thick, black hair are haram/halal
Is there any dua that I can use so that I can be asked in my own language in the grave?
Should we follow the actions of our prophet ditto like him?
Why do muslims believe in hadiths and scholars?
When the thought-to-be-dead husband shows up, what is the situation of the wife and 2nd husband?
Are there any verses in quran about "18 thousand worlds"?
What is meant by 'stones' in al-Baqara 2:24?
Will Allah punish me if I am married to a man who won’t pray?
Why are the Saudi scholars against females driving?
Did the Prophet choose the women he married by his personal choice or on God's command?
Is Windows 10 halal?
Is a marriage with the daughter of fathers brother or the daughter of the mothers sister permissible?
Believing in Hadith
Was Mary the Copt married or a concubine to Prophet Muhammad (saw)?
Can we cry out of sadness during prayer? Will my salah be valid?
Does someone seeing my awrah invalidate my wudu?
If i miss congregation salah?
Swearing by Allah's name not to tell a secret but to my mother
Is disrespectiong the translated Quran a sin?
Does God allow a person to stay a bachelor throughout his life in Islam if he cannot manage the responsibility of marriage?
Having children in Islam/quran
Halloween Restrictions?
Is wudu valid if baby do urine on our clothes? Or we have to change our clothes and make wudu again?
Is earning money through Bitcoin and crypto currency mining halal?
Marriage of Muslim
Quran Ayahs Cross referenced
I’ve committed a lot of sins. Will Allah for give me?
Will Allah Destroy Us?
Is CryptoCurrency Undoubtedly Acceptable in all the way?
Who says that the Eid khotba is a single sermon and who says two and what are their evidences?
What constitutes a correct sermon (khotba) of jumu'ah according the schools of fiqh?
Source for "The believer feels at ease with people and they feel at ease with him"?
In depth analysis of "The Path" versus "A Path"
I get strong waswasa regarding my namaz
Did Ibn Taymiyyah say Ibn Umar was an innovator in religion?
Is the Name Allah actually Allah Himself?
Do islam support pedophelia?
What are the virtuous acts of the first night together for newly married spouses?
Socks not covering the ankles
When did the Jews/Christians go wrong?
Does sufism belongs to Islam?
Disabled women wearing leggings as per their health is concerned
How people tell stories about someones life after death
Is it permissible to perform funeral prayers for someone who committed suicide?
Is it permissible for a son-in-law to stay at his wife's parental home if invited by her parents?
Does Allah have a Shadow?
Did the Prophet pay spoils of war to Meccan leaders to gain their support?
scientific error in quran ? 67:5 (please anyone explain)
Is it haram to use unused power of a computer without permission?
Authentic source for two narrations involving Prophet Abraham
Do you need to wear Hijab or Niqab infront of elderly men?
Imam Mehandi A man is saying that he is Isa and there is no mehandi he lives In India, Aurangabaad.
Is celebrating the birth of the Prophet (SAW) a sinful bidah?
Is it forbidden to pray two rakat after Asr, or is it recommended?
Necessity for a muslim to learn how to swim
From when do we need to catch up missed prayers?
Do I need to wear a veil to touch or move the Quran?
Who are the three messengers sent to the city in Surat Yasin?
Fate vs. Prayer: Everything happens the way Allah intended, then why make dua?
Is Approaching haraam is like done it
Gender Roles in Islam
Does Muhammad being the first Muslim contradict the previous Prophets being Muslims?
Can I call Jesus "Rasool Allah"?
Does Islam mention Hinduism or Sanatana Dharma in its scripture?
Does one need to perform ablution before handling a Quran on a smartphone?
Is fasting continuously for months permissible?
Halal or haram marriage
Is it required to shut the door of toilet / bathroom after use?
My Muslim best friend turned Atheist, what am I supposed to do?
Praying terrible things for a terrible person
Suing your father for child abuse
Is it haram to make art to make a living?
Singing, is it haram in this case?
What happens to the soul of a person who was cremated?
Who can finance Hajj for parents?
Is It Permissible to Use Dinnerware That Has Gold pattern?
Can I make software for Christian school?
Can A M21 Hollow Point ammo hunter eat his meat in Islam?
Repeating of umra from makkah
I need recommendation on books for Talim
Can I bring my own Quran inside the mosque and read?
Why are pictures of the Prophet Mohammed not allowed
Why rename a surah of 'Abu Lahab '
What does Islam say about drawing images of prophet Isha?
What is the meaning of perdition as used in the Quran?
Did Jesus relax Jewish dietary laws?
How to recite long surah in namaz (prayer)
How can Islamic scholars lawfully edit the intended meaning of the Quran for non-Arabic speakers?
Qur’an Verse clarification
My muslim husband divorced me saying 3 times 'i divorce you' Can he take me back?
Why is "The Most Merciful, The Most Beneficent" sometimes written "The Merciful, The Beneficent"?
Hadith about eating Desi Chicken instead of broiler?
Marriage between "stepdaughter" and "stepfather", orphan girl, no blood relations, may fall into Zinna
Will I feel or get disturbed when insects eat my body in the grave?
Difference between Darood-Ibrahim and Salam
Jews' battle with the Muslims
Fatwa for bullying?
Is downloading picture from google and uploading it to youtube haram?
Where is authentication of how much good deeds (sawaab) will be given on an event
Will thieves be allowed to regrow their hands?
Is idol destruction a form of religious intolerance?
Is it necessary to take bath before making wudu?
Is using a microphone speaker system an innovation for Adhaan?
Wearing clothes when husband and child is at home
Earliest record of opposition towards Mawlid
Is there proof that the Prophet صلى الله عليه وسلم was made of Light?
Repentance of missed salah
Can we do Istikhara twice for something?
I have some questions about the Quran?
Is this Hadith on Mawlid a Hadith and authentic?
About learning Arabic
Is the time of death fixed from the day one is born and is this the only thing predestined?
Boxing/ Muay Thai, is it Haram
Regarding with the parents of Prophet Muhammad?
Is sex during menses allowed if it increases chances of pregnancy?
Is anal sex by accident punishable?
Wife’s clothing in islam
I have been invited to attend Non-Muslim friends marriage?
Drinking Camel Urine?
Why did Allah send more than one book to mankind?
Is there an ayah or hadith which indicates humans were created out of loving-mercy (Rahma) of Allah?
Would the small toy piggy on my desk be unpleasant for my Muslim co-workers?
Hadith from Tarikh Baghdad
Are incest fantasies haram?
Which ahadith quoted in al-Mustadrak are present in one or both sahihs?
Is my father's guardianship waived if he abused me as a child?
Is the partner i'm going to marry already predestined?
Can we say "this person saved my life"?
Dhikr only by the name of ALLAH
Is it haram to normally wear immodest clothing at home and in front of my husband?
Wudu and Coconut Oil In Hair
Is sex haram or not
Prophet and his Prophecy Doubts?
having a best friend in opposite gender
Did Allah sent a prophet to every ethnicity?
Is buying cryptocurrencies on websites like EToro halal?
Is it haram to listen to music?
What are the legal implications of a Muslim woman marrying outside her faith?
It is permissible to say God instead of Allah?
Hadith in Omer Suleiman Talk
What is stronger in Islam: freedom of belief or a call to exterminate the Pagans and jihad?
To give charity equal to the weight in silver of the shaved hair of new born?
Can someone end up leaving Islam through neglect?
What is the relationship between theses verse found in the Quran and in the Hadith
Why non-believers are not going to Heaven?
New Marriage with children
Photography as a Career
Allah's Mercy on His slaves
What is Ibn Tamiyyah's evidence for the claim that Hell will be empty eventually?
Is it improper for a woman to insist on being the only wife?
Marriage with baby's feeder
An Incident Between the Prophet and Aisha
What's after the adhaan in this video of it from Al Aqsa masjid
Which animals are recommended to be kept at home? (Shia view)
Will a murderer remain in Hell forever, despite being a Muslim?
Can I say "Allah laughs"?
Accusation of Shirk
Riyaa - Ostentation
Names of the Munafiqin - Hadith authenticity
Am I sinning if I refuse to help a stranger who asked me for help?
Hadith: Umar, Satan changing his road
Priority of a married woman: husband or terminally-ill parents?
Is there a textual promise of eternal life in the Quran?
Is earning money haram through selling computer hashing power?
Miracles that happened in the time of Jesus(ALAIHIS SALAM)
May an Islamic state legislate the death penalty for non-sharia crimes?
Who first read the Salah?
Mubaaaraah divorce
Is reward of jannah fair?
Confusion on word "Mosque"
Is it permissible to draw a tree and bird silhouette?
Is it bad or not allowed to sleep after fajr?
Are Christian depictions of Jesus and Mary considered accurate?
Is competitiveness a desirable Muslim trait?
Why didn't Ali (RA) punish the assassin of Usman?
Is it permitted to eat food cooked at the same time as food for khatma?
What are limits to have with non-muslims friends?
Why is pork derived gelatin haram in Islam?
Do we have to answer Adhan on a personal clock like we're supposed to respond the real Adhan?
How intimate can a married couple be in public?
Is it backbiting if woman reports the advances of a non-mahram to her husband?
Question regarding faith
Marry a non-muslim women from another traditions
Is there anything wrong with praying on one's bed?
Never did any good
Is there a Quran verse or hadith that explains the wisdom behind Allah guiding who he wants?
What are "divining arrows" in Qur'an 5:3 and Qur'an 5:90?
Why is there hell when Allah loves humans?
Fate and change
Does Allah also protect the Arabic language?
Does Ibliss still pray to God?
How can we tell non Muslim male guests to be wary of urine drops?
Is Qur'an 4:118-119 considered as directly quoting Satan, or is it paraphrased?
When asked "what's the ruling on a Muslim that doesn't pray" did Sheikh Mohammed al-Ghazali reply "the ruling is YOU invite him to the masjid"?
How does a Muslim complete his urination?
If Allah communicates directly with Iblis, does that technically make him some kind of prophet?
How to accurately translate ترك in the context of the hadith "Between man and polytheism and unbelief is the [abandonment/negligence] of prayer"?
Which are the Sahih hadith books?
umrah ihram sheets
A Narration by Abdullah ibn Mas’ud
Same punishement for man that cheats on his wife than for woman that cheats on husband?
In Sunnah, can marriage be only based on love?
Making Dua in middle of salah?
How did 'Abdullah know that Muhammad answered the questions correctly?
Do we need Satan?
Is there a condition to use only toilet tissue for cleaning?
Is the night prayer obligatory or desirable?
League of legends Haram or halal?
Allah hates my family
Does Islamic scripture have an equivalent to "be fruitful and increase in number"?
Can men wear jewelry?
Is there a clear point where overeating becomes haram?
I loved a man from a far but he's passed away, would I be able to be his wife in Jannah?
What is the correct method of wiping the body after reading the last 3 surahs?
Is nicotine considered an intoxicant?
Why is this hadith stated this way?
Is transgender haram in islam?
Conditions for the necessity of the funeral prayer and burial for a stillbirth or fetus?
Hadith: There is no injury nor return of injury... What it means?
When referring to 'hadith' in plural, is it grammatically incorrect to address it as 'hadiths' and not 'ahadith'?
Why did Allah create at all? A simplification, why we are created?
How many women of Jannah will each man get?
Is Sharia really islamic?
Explanation of Sheikh Uthaymeen saying in Al Qawl ul Mufeed
Can the whole world hear Israfil's trumpet?
Authenticity of Book
Is therapy drawing allowed in Islam?
How do we reconcile ahadith which imply dying one's hair black is haram, given that black hair occurs naturally?
Is it required to stand in salah with your toes pointing toward Qibla?
Can man-made things be called the creations of Allah?
Raf'ol yadayn when I am praying behind a imam of different madhab
Investing in halal company that is partnered with company planning to add leverage trading (involves interest) in the future
Did al-Bukhari and Muslim always follow their so called conditions?
What exactly are the conditions of al-Bukhari and Muslim?
What does the circular (sometimes crescent-like) symbol on top of Islamic Minarets and Domes represent?
What is the wisdom behind going to the Eid prayer from one path and returning from another?
Do the muqtadis need to recite anything while praying behind the imam, whether it is during silent salah or loud salah?
What rewards will be in highest level Jannah?
Is it true that the recording angels on our shoulders say "Ameen" to the negative things we say/questions we ask?
Are some insignificant haram acts unpunished in the hereafter?
Explicit context of warfare for "whom your right hand possesses" in the Quran?
What does the hadith about Paradise surrounded with hardships and Jahannam surrounded by desires mean?
Would people from lower level Jannah able to travel to higher level Jannah?
Did Umar (RA) say "... you are no more than a toy in a corner of the house ..." to his wife?
After death, can a soul travel to Earth to visit family, etc.?
Is it possible to repent from suicide?
Does salat mean prayer to Allah?
Does Islam support reincarnation?
How does this Hadith prove trustworthiness of Prophet (s)
Is it compulsory to settle all debts prior to performing Hajj (pilgrimage)?
Is trimming the hair below the bottom lip allowed?
When is it required for a man to start trimming his moustache?
My wife filed for civil divorce and we are now divorced; is it also khula?
How to get rid of a sihr?
Is it halal to show people that someone spoke badly behind my back?
What is the method of memorizing the holy Quran?
Is it permitted for a boy and a girl to be bestfriends?
Could someone elaborate the Hanafi, Maliki, Shafi’i, and Hanbali position on dogs as pets?
Is a boar hair beard brush permitted?
What is this mean?
What names did Allah teach Adam, 2:31?
Can only two persons, male & female perform nikah without the helpof imam, vali & witness?
Does Islam believe in ‘Karma’ or ‘Natural Justice’?
Urine scales on clothes
Is it allowed to believe on the personality told on the basis of stars like Aquarius, Cancer etc
Is it Haram to ask God question speak to him while not looking for a direct response
Must women perform bath after wearing perfume or makeup in public?
Which prophets were killed?
Is this miswak (tooth stick) method from authentic sunnah?
Can I wear clothes with images on it
Is the money made with a pirated/cracked softwere halal for me?
What does 61:14 mean?
Looking for a full (chain) source for a narration in tafsir al-Kashaf
Is taking off shoes when entering your house Islamic?
Does the quran contradicts itself, whom actually are the chosen family/people?
If I break my tayammum of ghusl by breaking a wind am I in a state of Janabah or not?
(Hadith Collection) Ibn Abi Hatim
What evidences are there for considering leather of pig najis?
is the film on the story of Islam "The Message" (1976) accurate and permitted?
Can the translated Quran and the Arabic Quran be read in a clean place outside?
What is behind the statement "Where it not 'Iyad the Maghrib would be unknown"?
Can women put their pics (with hijab) on internet?
Is the qira'a "There has certainly come to you a Messenger from among your most precious" accepted?
Do Islam reward teaching?
Is my husband's ex-wife haram to him in the sense of being alone with him without me being present?
My father rejected proposal
Hadith with respect to reciting and understanding Quran
Is this verse about fire contradicting science?
Can we pray 45 degrees left or 45 degrees right from original qibla direction ?
Was Idris 1 a Sunni or Shi’a?
Can a transgender( Female to male) get married to a muslim female?
What Constitutes a Masjid?
Bukhari hadith collection on Sunnah.com
Musnad Ahmad Hadith Collection in English
is it haram to make money off of video games?
if i learn something using a pirated software, is using the knowledge haram?
Does Allah love those who don't love him?
Does buying a phone in installments involve riba, given that the total cost is more?
Isnaad of an Athar
How can sculpting/drawing be Haram when Isa (PBUH) sculpted a bird?
Is it obligatory for a Muslim, when he sees/meets a non-Muslim, to invite him to Islam?
Accommodation for guests obligated on host for 3 days
Hadith forbidding the killing of Monks
How will Allah judge people on the basis of this unfair life?
Verse (11:70) did Ibrahim recognize his visitors as Angels or not?
is Allah Capable of creating a clone of himself?
Did the Sahabah and the Tabi‘un permit masturbation?
Can a teen age girl can shave her head due to lice and hair loss problems
How is the mentioning or honoring of Ibrahim by later generations interpreted? (Shia or Sufi View)
Ethereum Casper and Proof of Stake
learning how to kiss before marriage by watching kissing scenes
How to learn and understand Quran without any prior Arabic or Urdu knowledge?
Why is it recommended to perform wudu' when one is angry?
To which group is 6:101 addressing?
Unusual feeling during salah please help (New Muslim)
What is the meaning of Qur'an verses 59:16 and 59:17
Is receiving a daily return on a cryptocurrency investment halal, haram, or makruh?
Incomplete umra
Skipping confussion about First Qibla of Islam
Did prophet Muhammad saw ever give in to his anger?
The Prophet Muhammad's Response to Aisha
If Allah created mankind only to worship him, why did he give them freewill?
Can shaitan control our mind
What is the purpose of God?
Is a UK university student loan riba, and if so, is it "necessary" if I have no other means to pay for education or to provide for my family?
How does Islam protect women?
Intending to do a good deed, but changing one's mind: is it rewarded?
Can couples takes the shower together?
What does a new Muslim need to know when fasting?
Is there a term to describe narrations from Sahaba?
Hadith on wanting to be thrown in Hell
If Allah forgives a sin, is there no punishment for it in the hereafter?
Is being gay worse than being lesbian?
Is there a hadd punishment for gheebah/backbiting? Please Answer
Is mechanically slaughtered chicken halal or haram?
Is it ok to raise my voice to my parents in a respectful way?
What does Islam say about Samson?
Touching feet and saying namaste in another sense is it allowed?
Concept of hymen breakage of vagina is sign of good character
Will Prophet Isa (AS) come back to earth before the sun rises from the west?
As a new Muslim, how should I pray?
Who are the orphans in Qur'an 4:2?
Eating meat compulsory?
How are the "seven different ways" from Sahih Bukhari, book 61, hadith 513 reflected in Quran?
If you were in the middle of sinning but it's prayer time you must still pray?
What is the meaning of the verse in Quran 4:2
How are Unbelievers, specifically Atheists and Agnostics, treated under an Islamic State?
Is there a distinction between prayer and worship?
How do Muslims interpret dreams?
Verification of a Hadith Qudsi: "It is I who aids in proving and finding, there is no proof leading to me."
What portion of Sura al-Hashr should minimally be recited as post salat and dua supplication?
I said “Alhamdullilah” out loud during khutba?
Can I be forgiven forse all of the things that I've done?
Hadith: Humans who became shaitan
Which scholars praise the current Psalms?
What exactly is a 'Wahy' in Islam?
Will Satan be Forgiven?
Will Muslims be punished In the hereafter?
A sect call Muslims outsiders "Wahhabi". Allowed?
Praying in school problem?
i missed maghrib what now?
Can I draw something with a 'soul' if it's for school?
Can you enter jannah just by pray juma(friday prayer)?
Was Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) best of all prophets (A.S)?
What is the meaning of the verse of the Quran 4:3
Is it true all sins(even the worst one) are forgiven when a non Muslim accept Islam by heart?
Story of the Woman who only spoke Quran
What do the Muslims think about The Book of Revelations?
How should one make up salah they missed while on a plane journey?
How do I make up for the prayers I have missed over the past few years?
Someone not of the Islam religion, who was a good person, will they go to hell?
Is the statement where Makruh is mentioned unrestrictedly means Makruh Tahriman found in Fath Bab Al-Inayah?
After hell those who enter Jannah would they enjoy it?
What is Tayamum and when is it applicable?
Is it better to cover the head with a turban?
Is the commission Haram?
Does Qur'an 4:86 ("greet in return") apply to women when greeted by a non-mahram man?
Is the punishment for shirk (Qur'an 98:6) the same as the punishment for murdering a believer (Qur'an 4:93)?
Who is "him" in "whoever opposes the Messenger after guidance has become clear to him" in Qur'an 4:115?
Evidence for 'every spot where we do sajdah will testify for us on the Day of Judgment'
Does the imprisonment punishment exist in Shariah Law?
Evidence for the return of Jesus from the Quran
Praying beside a dog
Does any one know meaning of alayina
can recitation of the quran (ruqya) be used to heal physical ailments?
Forgiveness from Allah
Are hudud punishments only applicable if the sin occurred within a Muslim state?
What does Islam say about superstitions?
Does Islam ever specify the speed in which angels can travel?
Is there a hadeeth which states that homosexuality is adultery?
Does "whoever does not judge by what Allah has revealed" (Qur'an 5:45) only apply to judges (qadi)?
Ruling on when someone performs salah infront of you?
Is Ayurvedic Panchakarma treatment halal if one is not able to get a cure from elsewhere?
Do the prayer times change throughout the month? If so, is it bad to pray too early or late?
Paying rent from zakat without telling the renter
Islamic ruling on donation of organs after death
How accurate are these statements about the naming of Safina?
Can i read the translated Quran without wudu?
Have I done shirk ? Please urgent?
Where can I find a Hadith about Prophet Muhammed exhorting Muslims to help brothers?
Can a female medical professional examine the Awarah of a Non-Mahram?
Authenticity of a story about Imaam Abu Hanifa debating a Roman
What makes one a part of the Ummah?
Are there commentaries of Hadith collections outside the 7 most known books?
If God is a perfect being, why does he desire to be glorified?
What would you recommend to a non-Muslim wanting to learn more about the Islamic faith?
Criteria to Follow a Caliphate/Emir of an Islamic Emirate/Government
What is the 'awrah of a mother in front of her children?
Is excommunication used a form of punishment in Islam?
Isn't dyeing your hair except with black flawed?
Possible to sell goods that cater to non Muslims and other groups?
Is it inappropriate for a woman to medically prevent her menses?
Does regretting a good deed void it?
is it allowed to choose name Rasool Muhammad
Correct order of surahs in prayers
What is the ruling on completing the qur'an recitation by sharing the reading of quran?
Does Qur'an 5:82 (Jews have animosity towards believers; Christians are nearest in affection) only apply at the time of the Prophet?
Zakat on savings
Do I need to take shahada again
Will porn close my dad's doors to Jannah?
Minor lie in order to avoid mother's temper? sinful?
Enjoining the good and forbidding evil vs. human rights
Did our Prophet Prophet Muhammad (SAW) (PBUH) know the earth was round?
What is the background to Jews saying "the hand of Allah is chained" in Qur'an 5:64?
If a person has faith in his heart but he/she utters words of kufr both intentionally or unintentionally does that person become a kafir?
Are people held accountable for the sins they committed unknowingly before puberty?
Is following Islam supposed to grant inner peace?
Question about specific kind of Video Game
How many discrepancies are needed?
Do modern-day Jews, Sabians and Christians have "nothing to fear or to regret" (Qur'an 5:69)?
How many minutes before each prayer would be a suitable warning time?
Am I committing a sin by performing fajr late due to nocturnal emissions?
If a non-Muslim performs salah (prayers), does he become a Muslim?
Is the time window the most important condition of salah?
What are the criteria to judge if an attack was Istishhadi or a suicide attack?
Is Breast Milk ritually impure?
According to the Hanafi school, how do you complete missed rakah in congregation prayer?
Decapitation in Islam
Is a procession / march on Mawlid an- Nabi a Sunnah or bid'ah?
Is Salaat an-Nabi (Darood) acceptable before Adhaan?
Why should all Muslims go to heaven?
Mispronunciation in salat
is it permitted for Muslim footballers / sportsmen to prostrate after scoring a goal?
A tattoo is a way to alter one's body, but so is circumcision?
Shia view: With whom is nikah al-mut'ah allowed?
Can a traveller only combine two prayers together at max?
How Prophet Noah (AS) manages the animals on the ark?
If I do not pray but observe good manners, will I go to Jannah?
Is Tafseer Ibn Katheer at archives.org Authentic?
parents dont agree for marriage on the basis of caste
What was unseen when Qur'an 6:50 ("I do not tell you... that I know the unseen") was revealed?
How did the Prophet Muhammed (PBUH) give a dua for efficiency of vehicles running on petrol?
Was prophet Noah (PBUH) a prophet for Indian people?
What does "test you through something of the game that your hands and spears [can] reach" (Qur'an 5:94) mean?
Is it permissible to drink water using alcoholic bottle?
Does one woman can open and allow to touch other woman's her breast ??it is halal or haram?
Is buying a cheaper version of something commendable so less people are jealous of you?
Is there a way I could be forgiven if I intentionally eat non halal meat
Given that prophets were harmed (Qur'an 3:112), what does "those who have gone astray will not harm you" (Qur'an 5:105) mean?
Who are those who have gone astray in (5:105) according Shi'a?
Is there a hadith "He who buys the stolen property, with the knowledge that it was stolen, shares in the sin and shame of stealing" and is it sahih?
Why are we not helping Syria?
Can we look at pictures of the deceased?
What is an example of the "good tidings" brought by Islamic messengers?
How do we do Daw'ah to Jungle Tribal people to cover up?
Why would Muslims believe the Bible has been changed?
Did prophet 'Isa go to the cross?
In tasleem, should we pause between salam to the right and left?
History Book on The Effect of Islam on Western Civilization
Difference between the meaning of doubt of the words rayb and shobha
What is the meaning of picture of hand with Arabic word in a Ta`weez
Where is the proof that a man can marry a second wife without the first knowing?
Is there any ideal time to complete Salah?
Is it possible for an angel in the present time to manifest itself in human form to us?
My husband making me orgasm with his hands: is this counted as masturbation?
Do all creations of Allah possess a soul?
Is unintentional orgasm a sin?
Can I get a photograph kissing my husband?
Will a promise not to watch/read anime be broken if I inadvertently see it in videos unrelated to anime?
The case for Jesus Christ
English Translation of the Quran with contextual explanation?
Are Lay's potato chips halal?
what is this symbol on the alif character ? The pronounciation in different cases
Can a minaret have auxiliary functionality, such as also being a clock tower or lighthouse?
How far apart should one's feet be in Salaah?
What is the 'awrah between husbands and wives?
Is anyone at fault for money containing images?
Why do we blame Shaitan for bad acts and not ourselves?
As an overworked mother to a newborn baby, is it okay to miss a prayer and pray it later?
Is the love for Saudi Arabia referred as Nationalism?
Do the believers in Jannah pay the Zakat?
What is Ism-e-Azam?
Why not make up your own times to pray from non Muslim
Changing eye color by lessening the amount of melanin in eyes and not by surgery
Does the marriage of a man who leaves Islam remain valid?
Why did the Medinan revelations turn violent?
Is salah worshipping and praising God or do you ask for things as well?
Concept of sworn sister(mooh boli behen) and mahram
Where is this hadith attested "He who knows himself knows his Lord"?
Can the prohibition on drinking from the mouth of the waterskin be applied to drinking from the mouth of the bottle?
Balancing Deen & Dunya
The first four verses of surat Ar-Rahman
Is the tradition that there was 124,000 prophets attested in the Qu'ran or the Hadith?
In islam is the baraat halaal? and the way of giving sermon?
Years of missed prayer? and not knowing how to read Arabic?
Bani Israel and Christians
Isthikarah questions
How reliable is the quote "70 sins between you and [Allah] is much lighter than... just one sin between you and the people" by Sufyan al-Thawri?
Did any of the Rashidun Caliphs or their descendants or the companions marry their direct cousins?
Can you wipe on your shoes for wudhu?
Is Hijab an outdated or an old age remedy to keep the society away from a lot of sins? Is the ruling of hijab proving only men should be dominant?
Sex deprivation: How long is it permissible for a husband to not have sex with his wife?
If a person regrets and doesn't asks forgiveness for his sins will Allah forgive him?
What is a langar - it is served?
Concept of Barzakh?
How can a Muslim follow Quran and Hadith correctly?
What are the characteristics of 'illal (criteria) that distinguish them from hikam (benefits)?
After divorce followed by converting back to Christianity, does an ex-wife need to return the meher?
Is it a must to wear abaya and hijab outside the house?
Making up salat because of incorrect intention of ada' or qada'
Should I make wudu and pray again when I see white ink in my hands?
Is it kufr or shirk to watch or read something that contains kufr and shirk?
Can muslims play die / dice based board games?
Is voluntary slavery Islamic?
Is it haram to sell a product for a higher price than I bought it?
Is there a concrete reason that Qur'an 5:32 (which prohibits murder) applies to modern-day Muslims?
Will Allah forgive the Satan (Al-Shaytan/Iblis) if he decided to repent to Allah?
Is there a scale or classification for scholars and their qualification of hadith narrators?
Case of a Prophet / Revered Person in the Quran that says Alhamdullillah
Can the dead see us?
Why doesn't Islam allow female leadership?
Mastubration by accident
Is it permissible for an engaged women and man to have sex and go out together and touch each other?
What to do if you stole from someone and don't know how to pay them back?
What does Islam say about Aurora Borealis / Northern Lights?
Im unsure of wether manga is haram or not
How did we exist before we were born?
Prophet / Revered Person in the Quran that says thanks to Allah for protection
In what circumstance a Muslim can break the kinship?
Is it haram to never speak to a sibling ever again?
Who claimed that "and planned that which they were not to attain" (9:74) refers to abu Sufyan and his son Mu'awiyah?
What parts of al-Busiri's Burdah are rejected by salafis and why?
How do I ask my husband for khula, when the problem is with me?
Are parents responsible for their daughter not wearing hijab?
Does Allah forgive zina?
What is the meaning of "inherit the earth" in Quran 39:74
Is eating chicken wings in Texas permissible?
How reliable is the hadith "the woman is Awrah"?
Are images of Muhammad "quite common nowadays" in Shia Islam, and if so, where can I find them?
Is it haram to say Lord Jesus
Why is إِنَّا translated to "indeed we" (Sahih International)? E.g. إِنَّا لِلَّهِ = "Indeed we belong to Allah"
As a foreign student whose visa does not allow work, can I deliver food with pork ingredients for work via the DoorDash app?
Is it haram to cook non-halal meat and serve it to a Christian?
Question about people who have not heard of Islam/ did not understand it
How is it to keep bird in house or cage?
How can I control my sexual urges since I am unmarried and single?
What is the solid evidence that music is haram?
Is the hadith "Allah has chosen the Arabs above others" reliable, and how does it not contradict "no virtue for an Arab over a non-Arab"?
Can one convert to Islam without saying the shahada?
Does questioning someone's imaan out of irritation make me a disbeliever?
Why did the Prophet go back to Madina after conquest of Makkah?
Don't Gabriel and Michael fall under the category of angels?
Why does The Reliance of the Traveller highlight 216 liters of water in the context of impurities?
Is there a hadith "Allah ... commanded me to do away with musical instruments, flutes, strings, crucifixes ..." and is it reliable?
At prayer time, when reading the Kuran, can Shaitan misguide me?
Is drop shipping business halal?
Can we conclude last prophet was NOT best of entire creation?
What was religion called before Islam came?
Can you end the prayer before the Imam? ( Hanafi )
Is looking at or thinking about good-looking celebrities zina of the mind/eyes?
What are the minimum requirements for someone to be a "student of knowledge"?
Source and reliability of "...swallowing up of some people..." when "...female singers and musical instruments appear and wine is held to be lawful"?
The Euthyphro Dilemma
The Birmingham Quran versus the present-day Quran
Are there creatures besides humans and jinns in paradise and hell?
Is death time predestined or can it be extended by supplication?
Is masturbation haram , Halal , makruh or what?
What dirty (but ritually clean) surfaces can you pray on?
Some scholars say Muslims who don't pray are not unbelievers, but are executed: on what grounds is this justified?
Is there a source for "Whoever says I don't know has given a fatwa"?
When is hiding knowledge a sin?
Is "imitating disbelievers" interpreted holistically?
If a company is owned by both Muslims and non-Muslims, how can one pay zakat on the "company's savings"?
Is there a version of the priest-worship hadith in Musnad Ahmad or was ibn Kathir wrong in saying so?
A Narration of a Prophet or Real Person marrying in the Quran (Part 1)
Are methods of influencing a baby's sex (such as changing one's diet) permissible?
Sharing a car with an opposite gender for business travel
How can one determine whether another has sincerely repented?
Hadith that describes the conversation between Allah and the angels that namaz expiates sins
What's the position of the four major Sunni schools regarding female witnesses
What are the consequences of angels not entering one's house due to pictures?
What is the metaphorical relationship between fig and olive to Mt Sinai and Mecca in Suratil Tin Quran:95?
What items are considered najis in fiqh?
How much islamic knowledge and hadeeth has been lost throught the ages
Is it halal to take a student finance loan for education?
What constitutes revelation for this Ummah?-Sunni POV
Did those punished in Qur'an 7:5 literally say "إِنَّا كُنَّا ظَالِمِينَ" in Arabic?
Is black-hat hacking haram?
Is a back massage permitted by opposite gender?
What nation did Allah order to destroy where a believer lived?
Why do some groups transliterate Arabic words in a lengthy way?
Is it permitted to change my name?
How did Ibn Abd al-Wahhab derive the third nullification of Islam: "whoever does not make takfir to the mushrikin ... he has disbelieved"?
Is it considered as a good charity to donate blood to someone in need?
Praying left-out prayers before becoming a Muslim
Is viewing anime girls in underwear permitted?
If someone is executed under Sharia Law, are they granted heaven exclusively in the afterlife?
Am I allowed to study and read Ibn Qayyim's books without an Ustadh?
What is the evidence for performing takbeer after the recitation of the surahs from a-Doha until an-Nas?
How can we purify our soul, and why is it important?
How to decide between two deen-conscious women for marriage?
What is the relationship between heart and mind?
Can I refuse to eat food from parents?
Can you draw things that already exist? such as yourself or your pet?
Does the Qur'an promote violence?
Is there an agreement on the Prophet's birth date?
Are these verses contradictory?
For Jesus' (as) miracles why does the Qur'an state "by God's permission"?
Why did Khan translate "ثَوْبِ" into "beds" in his translation of Sahih Bukhari?
Shiism- who leads prayers during Imam-e-zamana, when he's present in the masjid/praying place?
Are things like lube and food allowed to be used during maritial relations?
Did Muslim actually quote a hadith from his teacher al-Bukhari in his sahih?
Is pausing my wudu allowed if I have to leave the room and come back while in the middle of wudu?
What is the authenticity of this hadith about an incident during the battle of Khandaq?
What books other than his sahih imam Muslim has written?
How do we purify our heart and soul and how long does it take?
What exactly is tadlees?
How do we call a hadith which a sahabi has narrated on the authority of another sahabi?
Who is the person of trust in Muwatta' Malik?
Does Allah dislike war?
Do I have to stop my relationship with a girl in another country who I cannot afford to marry?
What is recommended behaviour and the rights of a wife, If her husband is sinful and wouldn't give up?
Time for sunnah prayer before fard?
Before my trip can I combine the Dhuhr with Asr?
Is this statement correct?- all prophets are born prophets, but some chosen ones become messengers at a later time
How to find what we want on Quran?
Is the phrase ENEMY OF ALLAH a metaphor?
Is it haram for a Muslim girl and a Hindu boy to have a relationship?
where in any islamic scripture it is written that all khalifa should be from quraysh?
Does Allah love all the creation?
Is making my eye color lighter prohibited?
Should a woman avoid getting married out of fear of becoming a rebellious wife?
Would Satan benefit from humans becoming extinct?
Do any classical Sunni scholars say Islam is religion of peace?
Is there a Shi'a based report that Prophet (as) wiped on bare feet?
Can someone behave with his parents "rudely" if his parents are torturing him emotionally?
Did the Quran exist in it's present order before the death of Prophet (SAW)?
Is it the mistake of ours for not propagating Islam to non muslims or could it be a hole in islam?
Are meteors really missiles thrown at jinns by angels?
Can a master prevent their slave from getting married?
I haven't been in contact with my husband for two years because of abuse; am I divorced and do I need iddat?
Is there a hadith to the effect of "if a Muslim prays but will not stop committing sins... his prayers have no effect"?
Dried clean cloth kept mess with dry unclean cloth
If Jesus's mother's name is Miriam, why is it written Mary in copies of the Quran?
What is an example of a hadith that is sahih in chain but not sahih in content?
If this is a prison for the believer and paradise for the non believer, why even bring a child into the world?
How often should we eat meat?
I am married who says he is Muslim. But I feel uneasy because of some of the things he does
In mainstream Sunni Islam, when was the last time a slave was legally recognized?
With no fajr adhan, am I allowed to eat 10 minutes after fajr time for a nafl fast?
Is it necessary to use toilet paper after using the water?
Is it possible to know everything about the Quran?
What is the authenticity of the hadith "if you eat meat for 40 days, those qualities will come within you"?
Is there any way I can do a temporary marriage in a halal way?
I think I have seen the Almighty Lord in my dream in the form of someone I know or so I thought
What is the authenticity of the hadith "do not make your stomach a graveyard of animals"?
Does Quran 8:67 say that prisoners of war should be killed and not ransomed?
Can I swear to a computer game??? Can I show myself through YouTube?
Since God has created us to test us with this life. Why couldn't God make every human know clearly that islam is the truth and keep this test of life?
Is it permissible to have sexual relation with someone not married to you, such as someone your right hand possesses?
Is it compulsory to recite short duas in Arabic?
Is it mentioned anywhere in the Quran that Shaithan came with Adam to Earth from Paradise?
Is payment processing fee (paid by customer) interest if that fee become a gain for me instead of cost?
Surah Rahman - Does meaning of وَضَعَ changes in the two ayahs?
What is the source of the hadith which says Allah will reward your unspeakable thoughts?
How long ago did Adam live according to Islamic sources?
How do I do namaz if I am a student?
What is the correct way to become Muslim?
Different Fajr prayer time which one to follow?
Are there modern-day fatawa which say "I don't know" or words to that effect?
How do I cleanse my sin if I'm a transsexual woman?
Ruling on Loudness of sound in Nafl and Sunnah prayer
Isn't the verse of the Qur'an 23:14 (... and We made the lump, bones ...) scientifically inaccurate?
Is saying a specific person, for example hitler will go to hell incorrect?
What exactly is takfir (declaration of disbelief)?
All differences in Harakaat of words in Hafs vs. Shu’bah
Why is Abu Bakr (R) called Abu Bakr, when out of his sons none is named Bakr?
Does 'wine' in Quran 12:36 mean something else?
Are Qur'an 16:4, 22:5, 18:37 and 35:11 wrong because man was not only created from a sperm drop?
Isn't this hadith scientifically wrong and failing to describe embryology?
Is it a sin to delay making up missed fasts till after the next Ramadan?
Does Qur'an 7:133 imply there were five plagues of Egypt?
Is seeking blessing from parents shirk?
Etiquette of eating according to prophet?
Poor sahaba giving few dates as charity in Tabuk Expedition
Is there any Islamic reasoning behind giving 'shinni' when someone completes recitation of the Qu'ran or when someone dies?
What if we are praying Salat in the wrong way unintentionally? Will we be forgiven by Allah?
Should I say "Ameen" loudly if I'm the only one to do so?
In Sunni Islam, what is the place of grace in human life, and how does grace fit into the requirements of the Five Pillars?
Does Qur'an 16:66 say milk comes from a cow's stomach?
Are Rainbows or related mentioned in Islamic sources?
Will Allah accept my prayers if I'm distracted by bad thoughts due to mental illness?
Can I pray in English? If not, how do memorize the Arabic?
Are dependents (such as children) taken into account before applying a hadd punishment?
Is it unholy to represent the moon sideways like the horns of a cow?
Will you be punished if you not stay until sunrise after fajr
Where can I find the complete sanad for this Hadith that the Milky Way is a doorway to the heavens?
Skeptic about Islam being the truth/koran being the word of god
Are the letter forms of Arabic essential to the Qur'an?
Is a Muslim man allowed to have more than one wife if his wife is non-Muslim and polygyny is against his wife's religion?
Do I need to recite the duas before entering and exiting toilet/washroom if I am going for bathing only?
Is Islam a religion only revealed for Arabs?
Read memorized part of Surah in prayer for repetition
Is there any ruling about not paying off your debt and spending on yourself?
Is there any reference from Islamic teachings that Hinduism is considered as “polytheistic religion”?
Who is "her" in Al Ahzab 33:37?
What is meaning of Ismail?
What is the status of the divorcées of the Prophet?
What is the meaning of "He covered you with a sort of drowsiness" phrase in Quran 8:11?
Can I re marry first wife when I'm still with second wife?
If Allah doesn't need our worship rather we need to worship Him, why did He create us with the purpose of worshipping Him in the first place?
Is it haram to take and save digital photographs in islam?
Is my fast valid after drinking at 4:42am, while Muslim World League said fajr was 4:44am and Islamic University said it was 4.42am?
For a man, is looking at uncovered non-mahram women forbidden?
Rights and duties of wife when husband is abroad without her consent
What do Islamic scholars recommend for male students in schools where female students and teachers do not wear hijab?
What is the awrah of women with respect to other women?
Is it still gambling if one can increase their chances to winning to 90%?
If one finds himself not being able to follow the religion correctly after being guided by ALLAH (SWT) can leaving Islam or suicide be a solution?
Is it Permissible Using Plural Of Respect for ALLAH in Supplication in mother tongue?
Is it permissible to pause salah and do personal work and continue where you left?
Who says that one can continue a prayer after interrupting it for legal reasons?
The strictest school/denomination/section against usury ("interest")?
Is it allowed to say thanks and sorry to a person for his favour or your mistakes?
If I am unable to find qibla, can I offer salat facing towards a direction other than qibla?
Who are the 'chosen people' of God? Are the Jews still the 'chosen people' of God?
The significance of ayahs beginning with "Say"
Are there sources which analyze in depth the significance of Allah's names coming in pairs?
The description of Al Dabbah, the beast from the earth with the ring of Solomon staff of Moses?
Can sex with a prostitute be permissible if they become a temporary slave?
How did "an atom's weight" come to be mentioned in translations of the Qur'an?
What's the severest punishment giving to the rapists according to Islamic laws?
How should a person facing urinary incontinence pray and visiting mosques according to Islam?
What if we are unsure if we have committed a mistake during salat
Do I need to respond to an azan I hear even after I have prayed the Fard Salaat?
Is dating allowed in Islam?
Is it permissible not to smile because of my teeth?
Is my salary haram after attesting that I've never been convicted by a court of law, when I was fined for entering a train platform without a ticket?
Am i a hypocrite?
Can I do prayer at this time?
Is there a hadith describing the importance of sleep?
Can I pray Salat ul-Layl once Faj'r time starts?
Who built the Kaaba Sharif in Makkah?
Is it permissible for a man to read Qur’aan from smartphone,if he is in a state of Janabah (when Semen is on his body after masturbation)?
What is the correct way of performing Wit'r prayer of 3 Raka'ats?
Is fighting for the freedom of Syria and Palestine Jihad?
What does Islam say about lying to stay in the UK for a British passport?
What kinds of harm to believing men and women does Qur'an 33:58 describe as "a slander and manifest sin"?
Which Sunni scholars state that "using technology to propagate the faith of Islam" is a good innovation?
Does "nur" in Qur'an 71:16 mean "reflected light" or just "light"?
Huge difference between timing of Azan-e-Fajir in normal days and in Ramadan?
Can we Glorify and praise Allah like we do in dhikr in prostration (sujood) while praying
What if evolution is true?
How one can become a self learned scholar of Islam?
Why are there so many uncertainties and differences in the performance of Salah?
Which is the best deed and which is the worst deed (other than shirk)?
Is my prayer accepted if I read the duas on my own during prayer?
What do Sections k32.1 through k32.4 in The Reliance of the Traveller say?
missing tashdeed in othmani script
What is the rule of Gift "ElHiba" in Islam?
Zakat for Residencial plots
If I feel a drop of urine come out when I’m performing ghusl, do I need to restart?
According to Ayatollah Khamenei, after engagement can both partners talk to each other and respect to the boundaries of Islam?
Is it Sunnah to be in an abluted state all the time?
In Qur'an 7:27, why does Allah assign devils to those who disbelieve?
Is it haram to hang duas, or an ayah, on the bathroom wall (i.e. in a picture frame)?
What is the difference in practical terms, between one who enters Al-Firdous and one who merely enters Jannah?
What is the minimum qualification to interpret Mutashabihat (allegorical) ayas in Quran?
Should a girl wear the headscarf before puberty?
Is tips halal or haram?
Is there any verse in which the Quran narrates about the divorce of a real person?
Why are muslim warriors martyed during jihad referred to as 'shaheed'?
Why isn't Prophet Abraham's covenant with God to offer the Jewish people the land of Israel recognized?
Why are niqabs/abayas are usually black?
Can Surahs be read half in prayer and the other half through the Quran
Are angels faster than light particles (E = MC2 is non-Islamic)?
Will there be madd if shaddah over yaa is preceded by a kasra
Does "good deeds do away with misdeeds" imply that good and bad deeds cancel out?
Are raffle drawings or lotteries considered gambling in Islam?
When reciting the Quran, what is the proper pronunciation of the Arabic letter ط?
TLE and prophet Muhammad (S.A.W)
What is the wajib hijab for women in Islam?
What does Islam say about OCD?
Are there any references that people of the book have actually had ties to the Ka'ba?
Is creating an Islamic Q&A website considered a good deed and beneficial on the Day of Judgement?
Why muslims are not allow to touch dogs?
Was there a zamanu jahilliya(Era of ignorance) after the Prophet (PBUH)?
Who was the biological mother of Zaynab bint Jahsh according to Muslim Scholars?
Is it haram to work on a pornography website out of financial need or desperation?
Is eyebrow threading permissible if it's done for oneself, and not to show off?
Is there any prescribed/Sunnah way of apologizing or saying sorry to someone?
Does doctor-patient confidentiality allow one to "backbite" to one's doctor?
If Allah loves more than 70 times to his creation, Why he created this Test in the first place?
Is this saying about four things supporting the world an authentic hadith?
Can a girl tell her parents that she doesn’t want to get married at all?
Does the Qur'an indicate vampires, werewolves, and aliens exist?
Is there reason to believe that homosexuality during the time of Prophet Lut is distinct from modern-day homosexuality?
Did the Prophet (SAW) not see Allah during the night of ascension?
Which type of knowledge should we gain as discussed in Islam?
Why Prophet Noah's age is mentioned in a wierd way in Qur'an 29:14?
How can I tell my non-Muslim brother and his wife that I cannot attend because it's haram due to mixing, alcohol, and music?
Is avoiding overt displays of masculinity part of the male hijab?
Who was the biological mother of Umama (or Umayma) bint Abdul Muttalib?
What are the two bridges that act as a test on Judgement Day?
I lied about a dream and I want to do tauba
Can worship only means prayers of five times?
Is it haram to give someone a promo code (for a $15 discount) for a food delivery service, given that they might order something haram?
Is this narration , Musannaf Ibn Abi Shayba 23945, authentic?
Does the Quran endorse the Bible?
can i a man marry from the sister of her alive wife?
Is there any kazza or replacement for Jummah (Friday) Prayer
Does Allah help people who do not help themselves?
Which sin is worse homosexuality or murder
Who is entitled to diyya in case of parents killing their child?
Before the creation of human species Allah created the Jurassic age isn't this fact and real?
Can we have sexaul relationship with our wives while she is menstruating?
Angels Visiting Prophet Abraham on the Way to Prophet Lot
Why is a natural thing such as the menses associated with the deficiency in religion?
Does the status of being a mussafir have any non-ritual significance?
Can posting bond for someone in jail count as 'freeing a slave' for purpose of making up for missed days of fasting?
How do scholars deduce that Jumuah is mandatory only for urban/settled people?
Which surah(s) include in each verse one of Allah's beautiful names?
Some questions about the hadith of Umm Zara'!
Is it haram to eat halal food that is touching haram food
According to Islam, is it permissible or forbidden for girls to get education from male teachers?
Is wearing hijab wajib for woman?
Source for a story about Muhammad's follower who felt Muhammad was too lenient with his wives?
If I marry a convert without my parents' permission, but with my brother's permission, is it valid?
Is there any reason to not follow only the Quran and reject the sunnah?
Which surah(s) of the Qur'an covers the most stories (Prophets/real person)?
Looking for a statement attributed to 'Omar ibn al-Khattab about how to really know a person
Can the Mahdi find out he is the mahdi by looking at the identification marks from the hadith?
When we go to Jannah, can we have children?
May a husband share his bed with multiple wives for sex, movies, sleep, etc.?
If Muslim university student sins in a non-Muslim country (by e.g. drinking alcohol), will his repentance be accepted?
I need some clarification what an imam said during the Friday prayer 2 weeks ago
Is creating a fictional setting haram?
Please clarify the following hadith regarding the significance of Nisf-e-Sha'ban
Are magician tricks a form of black magic and are they permissible?
Is there a specific significance in the Qur'an when using the two synonyms for "wife": امرأة and زوج?
If I perform wudu and then have a shower thoroughly, will it be considered ghusl?
Singing without the songs meaning
What is the difference between FOUAD and QALB?
What did Rasulullah (S.A.W) mean by Khudh and Kirman in this hadith about the mongol invasion?
is fratricide between princes permissible?
I want to ask if we can read sexual stories if we do not act upon them at all
What evidence is there that a Muslim man can not marry a chaste woman of the book if she is an ex-Muslim?
Join a brother late to get benefit of fard salaah in congregation
Why these mostly identical verses in surat an-Nisa' have a different ending?
The thief (male and female) vs. the adulteress and the adulterer?
should we or should we not blow on food before eating?
Is there Zakah on amanah?
Is it permissible to offer Salah if you have nail polish on?
can girls study in co-education systems?
Can a person marry his wife a second time without a divorce?
Is there a Quranic reference which indicates if man is obliged to pray his (daily) prayers in a mosque?
Dealing with narrations on forced conversions that seem to contradict the Quran
Sahabi who got sick after reading a surah
Is it haram to eat food in which alcohol has been added?
What are the dominant rulings for alcoholic content in food in each of the Sunni madhahib?
Taking riba to pay creditors for unused money.
I wish to marry a woman after we finish our education.Is it permissible to be in this relationship if we do not have any contact at all?
Can clean sea water be used for wudu?
Did anyone other than Muhammad (sallahu alahi wa sallam) see Jibreel (alaihi salam)?
Is Indonesian Muslim being Lied to by Al Maidah 51?
Can a Halal act be evil?
Does the husband have to earn the right to be obeyed by his wife?
Should one stay away from one's girlfriend during the month of Ramadan?
سماء and سماوات ,السماء الدنيا
What does Islam say about the first heaven?
How long ayah is considered as non-tiny when reciting after Al-Fatiha?
Cancer among performing artists
Proper words of Durood-e-Ibraheem
Luck is islam superstition?
How to get a dua accepted?
Does Allah have idols or pictures?
Interpretation of the word "masjid" in 7:29?
If I pray to G-d to make a certain women to become my wife, will G-d be able to make that happen?
What is the mainstream Islamic view of Tasis (incorporation)?
What are the worldly harms of using magic for healing?
According to Sunni belief, would 'Ali is the Wali' statement added to adhan and ikamah invalidate the salah?
How exactly are the practical customs of people of Medina in the Maliki Jurisprudence defined?
What does the Surah Ar-Rum the 28th ayah means?
Is it blasphemy to claim that quran is used for lying?
Why does surah nr. 40 have two different names?
Who's exempted from fasting in Ramadan according to Quran?
Fasting niyat(dua)
I drank water and woke up my family to do that too thinking that Fajr hasn’t been called, what do I do?
What is the reasoning behind the opinion of jumaah before dhuhr?
In the the verses 30:2-3 , Where were the Romans defeated by the Persians? Is this verse a miracle or not?
Are there classical scholars that maintain that war is haram unless in self-defense?
Reciting the Qur'an from a smartphone without ablution
Can a men wear girl dhoti style pajama?
Is your fast valid if you're unsure whether or not you swallowed Vaseline?
Exam and Ramadan coinsides
Is the Hadith about the ink of the scholar being holier than the blood of the martyr authentic?
Did Masjid e Nabawi had two Muezzins during the Prophet's lifetime simultaneously?
Apparent contradiction in verse 2:29
What is the difference between "rabbana lakalhamd" and "rabbana valakalahamd"?
Traveling During Ramadan: Should I Still Fast?
Can a men wear pink ladies salwar?
What were the religious views of Prophet Muhammad (SAW) before becoming a Prophet and receiving revelation?
Is a Christian a Polytheist or Ahl-al-Kitab?
People asking Prophet Muhammad for a miracle
Thinking of fiance permissible in islam with out talking to each other
Taqiya - conditions and goals?
Fasting without getting awake at that time
Do I need to do Hajj again if I performed it as a child?
Cannot find hadith reference
Who named our prophet 'Muhammad' and why?
Conditions to do Fatiha (for marriage)
What if a person on a journey broke the fast of Ramadan?
Is there any authority who said that only a person who had the permission not to fast at the beginning of Ramadan is allowed to do so?
Can a person see himself being taken into the grave?
Can I advertise for non-halal products?
The experience of faith
Does the Islamic 24-hour clock start at maghrib in countries that practice the Islamic calendar? If not, why?
Do animals know their Lord, Allah?
What is being recited before the Bismillah in Surah Al-Fatihah?
Who actually is Dajjal?
Quran 67:3-4; What is meant by "Again turn thy vision a second time: (thy) vision will come back to thee dull and discomfited, in a state worn out."
Who was the first person to lead prayer in Madina?
Can haram actions bring no harm in the worldly life?
Do i have to pay Zakat for plot which I intend to sell after sometime and use the money to buy a House
Have I done ghusul?
I am student and I am forced to write a school board project on magic will this make me a kafir?
Fast broken due to intercourse - ruling
What Islamic positions are there regarding whether people will have free will in akhirah?
What exactly is the philosophy behind sending blessings and prayer to our prophet in case of Allah and the angels?
How to interpret that Allah and the angels send prayers and blessings to the believers?
Is the answer given by the angels in (34:41) to be taken literally?
Extended night time salat mentioned in Quran; Isha, Subh, Layl, fard, Terewih, or Nafila?
does prohibited act inside conscious dreaming (Lucid dreaming) is haram?
When i perform wudu it feels a bubble passed through vagina. So it invalidate my wudu or should I continue?
Is praying sometimes just because one is lazy, then he has become a weak Muslim?
Is it permissible to paint cityscapes and scenery?
Is my work still halal after migrating from pirated windows to linux ubuntu?
Correct Hijab For Men vs Women
Can you spend your loan money in charity
Is it still backbiting if I don't mention the name of the person being backbit?
Looking for a source and the authenticity of the story of 'Omar ibn al-Khattab and the secret drunkards
How many sahaba's are declared that they are going to heaven when they alive
I slept whole Night and woke up
Does Qur'an (41:9-12) contradict science?
Sequence of fard and sunnah salaah
Can a person intend to break fast without actually eating or drinking right after the adhan of Maghrib?
Periods of two weeks duration
Can there be more prophets after Prophet Muhammad (PBUH)?
Islamic architecture
Idolatry within Islam
Will I incur sins if I stand in prayer even though my wudhu is broken?
How we know that Quran was not altered during the times of revelation?
What is the meaning of two east and two west in Surah Rahman
Is it a sin not to concentrate in Salah?
Who is "we" in Al Kahf?
In arabic, is the word salat (or salah, not sure), meaning the muslim prayer was there before islam, or did islam introduced the word?
Changes in the azan
Is it permissable for disabled people to procreate?
Qualities of inheritors of Firdous
My wife left Islam so we seperated for a few months now she has returned to the deen can we get back together now
Explanation of Hadith Needed
Can i continue my fast after having intercourse
Using Inhaler during fasting. Allowable or not?
Will I be in 70000 people Ruqya without my permission
Must muslims establish khilafah?
Reading Qur'an on behalf of others
Imam used a device and plays a recorded translation of the khutbah
What is the evidence for jumuah Imams to recite (16:90) before starting the prayer
How am I a born Muslim?
Sleeping between Isha and Tahajjud
Direction of Salah
Can we commit sins in Jannah?
What is the criteria for classifying ahadith of Al-Albani and Darusalam
Is it shirk to say Jesus lord
Is it forbidden to build extravagant mosques?
Does having evil thoughts about Allah and Islam amount to shirk?
Which surahs have been explicitly highlighted as recommended to memorize to obtain knowledge about Allah's rulings?
Revert sister looking to get married ASAP
Can anyone find the reference for Hazrat Ali r.a saying?
Resource or reference for translatation of Quran in hindi?
Are men and women equal in terms of piety in Islam?
Did the prophet imply his other 3 daughters are part of him?
Can Salat-ul-Tasbeeh be prayed during Dahwa e kubra?
Interpretation of surah 25 verse 53
Once a muslim, always a muslim?
Is it permitted to leave Eid salah before the Khutbah?
Understanding the Ruling on being in an isolated place for opposite gender
Bad thoughts about Allah and insults
Acceptable to wish someone "happy Eid" before the end of Ramadan?
Can a non-muslim wife participate in her husband's funeral?
what is time after salat become kaza
Can someone do ghusl after Maghrib on Thursday for Jumu'ah?
Looking for a source of narration of Bilal being an advocate for a marriage candidate!
Where in the books of Ahl al-Kitab the Sahaba were mentioned?
If girl is touched by non-mehram mistakenly, will it be counted in sin?
Can my husband refuse to talk to my non-muslim mother?
Who is being attacked in ibn Kathir's tafsir for Sura 100?
Under Islamic rule, which legal matters can kuffar regulate within their own community?
Is the man in ibn Kathir's tafsir for Sura 114 being cured, or simply encouraged?
Conversion / converted or "Reversion" / "Reverted"?
Can a fasting wife help the non fasting husband ejaculate by hand during Ramadan?
Does My Taraweeh Prayers count as I did not read the Tasbeeh?
Was hijab in public enforced legally in premodern times?
Was Prophet Muhammad (SAW) capable of doing evil?
What pagan belief was God referring to when he warned people not to rely on wealth and sons?
Raped for more than 4 years as a child by her uncle, molested by her father as a teen; what're the Islamic punishments for both men?
Will the fast be broken if one tastes food but doesn't eat it?
What are the different opinions on a person who vomits or got nose bleeding druring the prayer?
How to interpret the ahadith about the prohibition of praying between the pillars of a mosque?
I want to know the reference of the hadith about an ignorant person
Can non halal food become halal food
Few Questions about the soul and body
Why is it الرسولا and السبيلا and not الرسول and السبيل in 33:66 and 33:67
Who exactly can be called a hafidh?
Benefit vs. Harm with haram action
Does Surah Luqman refer to write novels and short stories?
Ejaculation of precum and totally sperm like substance
Certainty of Eid based on moon
Questions about divorce
Missing Eid prayer
When Dua is get accepted by Allah 100%
Do I have to divide my zakat?
Do you have to pay Zakat if you are on welfare money?
What formal, doctrinal guidance is there for how a Muslim should personally respond to deliberate, gratuitous abuse of Islam?
Was Dr. Zakir Naik wrong while explaining the meaning of alazina kafaroo (الَّذِينَ كَفَرُوا)?
Is it proven to say this du'a before niyyah of salah?
How long does it take for Ramadhan to move from one season into the next?
When is it possible to look at the opposite sex who is not mahram?
It seems that God is very forgiving; what is the significance of "Beware of small sins"?
Is using pirated software haram? if yes then what's the shari punishment for that?
Zakat calculation of balance payment of car
Neuter a cat allowed in Islam?
Unmarried males reducing sexual passion by fasting
Why astronomical calculations supercede non-sighting of the moon in some Islamic communities?
Does saying Shahada for first time make one a muslim or do I need to follow all the rules?
I would like know how to perform 'kazaa-e-umri'?
How did the Prophet(s) & Sahaba confirm Ramadan / Eid start date?
Is there a difference between taxes and customs in Islam?
Justification of Interest and EMI
Is it obligatory to keep our back horizontal while bowing in prayer?
Is it permitted to sit with your sister in law in same room?
What is the relationship between Ilham and leg of a bird?
Prayer and it's requirements
Is it Haram / Halal eating supplements / vitamins?
Accoridng to this hadith in Sahih al-Bukhari: are we alowed to kill hypocrites?
Is it haram to touch a pig , to smell it, or to go even near it?
Is this considered hypocrisy in islam?
Is intercourse a way of taking back my wife during her Iddah?
Does an action that Messenger of Allah did in private count as Sunnah?
Can an obligatory act be missed in favour of another?
Can I see any part of my wife?
Will voluntary fasts compensate any shortage in obligatory fasts on the Day of Judgement?
Is Pegging permissible in Islam?
Is audio porn haram?
Did Allah Decided Somebody are on Hell before He/She Created?
Is ejaculating on one self haram
Regarding alcohol content medicines
To remain silent after talking about someone
What happens if the burden of proof for a hadd crime is not met, in terms of criminal law?
What are the conditions that allow killing animals out of self-defense?
Did i need to redo my ghusl?
Did al-Qadi an-Nu'man write a book entitled "Al-Fiqh al-Akbar"?
Does every non-Muslim need to accept Islam or die?
How does tawakkul relate to depression and anxiety?
After Khul'a: How can husband and wife reconcial -if they want to?
Re-marriage and reconcialiation after two talaqs and khul' or faskh?
How much do I have to modify a pig until it is not unclean anymore?
As a Christian can I marry a Muslim in an Islamic Nikah w/o first having 'secular' legal wedding?
Is it allowed to be friends with a muslim Jinn?
What are the reasons that Allah gave the Torah and Gospel before the guidance of the Quran?
Is there any evidence describing a rate at which deeds are written?
Can't afford so I pirate
Is it possible to marry your wife's sister?
What a person who rejects associating oneself with a madhab is called?
Can we offer Qadha of a prayer after Fard of Fajr and Asr?
Are non-Muslims Kafir according to Quran?
Tie the camel hadith
I broke a very serious oath, will I be forgiven
Is the concept of Honeymoon foreign to Islam?
If I see a worshipper's bare back in prayer should I tell him?
What should happen if the requirements of health and safety were to conflict with the requirements of modesty?
Is in Admob VPN is Hram or Halal?
Can I visit to a Christian friend who has dogs as pet at their home? How to deal with their invitation?
Jumah Khutbah Guide
Is making a stock market related website haraam?
Divorce and remarriage
Why do sects insist on existing even though it is clearly forbidden?
Did Musa(AS) used to pray salaat?
Is it obligatory to pray at the mosque for a baaligh?
Is it haram to say ''Oh my lord'' or ''Oh Lord''
Is it allowed to follow the imam at the same time
How long do we have to obey the parents?
Is zaka'at halal for the one who is poor due to his lifestyle?
Is it permissible to get real signs from Allah, angels or jinns that islam is the true religion?
Is it possible to take a break from Islam just to get a better notion about this world and maybe islam too?
Do muslims believe that everything that is Allah reveals to Muhammad is in Quran?
Is it halal to avail service from a company that makes use of pirated software?
Does one wife have the right to be treated as good as another
Where should i put my hands when praying
Is hijrah from daar al-kufr ( the land of disbelief ) and to move to muslim country obligatory? And what are muslim countries?
Is that work of a web designer allowed?
Which namaz I can done to forgiveness
How did the prophets behave in the death of disbelievers (amongst loved ones)?
Online database/Apis for Shia Hadiths
Is castration an allowed punishment in Islam?
What is the hadith number 3400 of Musnad Ahmad?
Why Islam apparently incorporates stories in the religion which has nothing to do with muslims?
Does a fast gets break when eating unintentionally?
Looking for hadith about people who suffered in this world
Is there a man who lies under Masjid-Al-Aqsa?
What should one do if a close relative doesn't pay back the borrowed money on the deadline?
Rulings in islam regarding women leadership
Is ghusl (bath) mandatory after masturbation?
Are there any disbelievers among the animals?
Does Merkaba relate to Kaabah in Mekkah?
Meanings of the word Islam
Are music and or sound effects haram?
Is the muslim allowed to "waste" his time?
Is saying ¨See you in hell¨ Haram?
Is Niqab and Burqa obligatory for women?
Is it permissible to develop video player and camera app?
Committed zina and I regret it. Need advice and guidance
Selection of the ruler!
Is there any evidence that one can join prayers -without being on a journey- only in a mosque?
Does bad odour make the salat invalid?
Last step of taking wudu
Yet another question about Aisha's age
What is the Islamic rule about the creation of robots?
Is the qur'an referring to the same creature in these two verses?
Is there any description of the Creature from earth which will appear at the end times?
What is the most developed islamic country without fitnah and is suitable for hijrah?
Is it mandatory to follow an Imam?
Meaning of Ulelamr
Please its a request, someone explain me why there sum of inheritance shares are not coming one in QURAN verses of Surah-Nisa?
In islam why does men have upper hand in a marriage?
Is it fine for a Muslim father/mother to let their child be Non-muslim?
Why did Ali postponed swearing loyalty to Abu Bakr?
Does one have a profit in an Islamic banking system?
Life-threatening situations
Does a Sin transmit to the husband as he has the responsibility of the wife?
What breaks Wudu exactly? (Quran references only)
How to check curse and how to remove curse
Can not fulfill Nazr (Vow)
Is film making not based on any islamic message but a social message in general times allowed?
Is it allowed to ask questions politely to the imam during his preach?
What are the conditions to harm someone if the person did something terrible to you or your family in the following scenarios? (no killing)
Would it be wrong if you gave a non-believer money (or food) only if he would convert to islam?
Why are there groups in Islam if it is against Allah's word
Are games Haram?
Is Non-vegetarian Cheese halal
Would it be allowed for men to walk without covering the torso from the belly buttom upwards?
No genuine Hanafi fiqh book in Urdu!
How to interpret the ahadith about joining two prayers due to rain?
Are all descendants of Muhammed dead?
Waking up after Fajr-prayer and after Churuq (sunrise)
Who is the Lord mentioned in 5:66?
What are the limits of verbally forbidding evil according to the sunnah/quran?
Does unmarried pregnancy imply the hudud punishment in sharia?
Names of Days in Islam
Do both أهل الكتاب and أُوتُواْ ٱلۡكِتَـٰبَ refer to People of the Book?
Regarding the height of Adam (pbuh)
Allah names that correspond to Omniscient, Omnipresent, Omnipotent, Omnibenevolent
What is the definition of "Worship" according to Islam?
Islamic view of Qadar and freewill
Why could bin Laden issue Fatawa? Was he a mufti?
How to Understand Imam Mahdi's Arrival?
Is it allowed to perform Hajj/Umrah, if you got debt to pay?
Humans Given The Choice of Free Will
Which mosque to choose for Jumma if both are next to eachother?
Is it okay for a father to hit his children as a punishment? And if so, what are the boundaries?
People asking Prophet Muhammad to turn the mountain into gold
Is there a verse in Quran that forbids Muslims from voting for a female or a non-Muslim leader?
Gold for Men in Islam
How do I avoid thoughts of zina & concentrate on my salah and studies?
What a common Muslim is supposed to gain from reading a translation of the Quran?
Need help understanding the sins hadith
Surah Al- Maa'idah, ayat 75
Which disease did 'Isa cure?
Praying salah in a Christian household
I used to engage in kissing etc but not sexual intercourse, i feel guilty, will Allah forgive me?
Why can't every Muslim learn his religion directly from the Quran and Hadith?
Pork byproducts in different names
What is Tazkeer and Tazkeer Fi Al-Quran?
Is It Okay To Use the Content of Scholars Or Hadith To Earn Money on Youtube?
Is it permissible to use money found on the street?
What should i do with riba money if it is already mixed with non riba money?
Is this tafseer of الْحَمْدُ لِلَّهِ is correct?
Protected oral sex (with condom / dental dam) allowed?
Why does Surah 109:6 say دين and not ديني?
What is considered 'insulting a Muslim'? And is it a sin? If so, is it a minor or major scene?
Recognizing lunar month by only looking the sky
Is sarcasm prohibited in Islam?
Feeding breastmilk purchased from store
Differentiating menstruation blood with virgin blood
Is there fatwa inerrancy like Papal inerrancy?
Are there any rulings or conditions on the choice of a foster mother?
Can a kaffir who was oppressed by others his whole life go to Jannah?
Will this certain nikah be valid and free from sin?
Was Adam (as) predestined to eat from the forbidden tree?
Hadith about asking where one is from
Where in the Quran is Ghusl stated?
When faced with two situations that will cause you to die which should you take?
Can a husband and wife to look each other's thights?
Which is the longest Tafseer of Quran ever written?
Does one sheep in qurbani suffice for one individual or a whole household?
I accidentally ate some non halal chicken, what should I do?
Is it mandatory to mention person name for Qurbani?
Which verse in Quran Chapter 2 talks about female sexual pleasure?
Can bulls be slaughtered by nahr (stabbing) for qurbani?
Rabbana lakal hamd in women's prayer
How to interpret the hadith Musnad Al-Bazzār 16/215/8628?
How to pray while being observed and you are hiding your conversion from your family?
According to Sunnis, what type of government is suggested by Islam?
Does Qur'an 16:66 say's raw milk that comes from a cow's stomach is clean for the point where people could drink it?
Salat with injured mouth(specifically tongue)
How bad a sin is looking at other 's awrah?
Is meat slaughtered by non-muslim halal?
Is celebrating independence day in accordance to Islam?
Can you read sura Fatihah after the Fatihah in Salaah?
If i work as a servant of a man whos income source is haram, is it haram to work?
Does Islam excuse abusive parenting?
What to do if your parents try to enforce you to lie?
Are Prophets not among the 70000 who will enter paradise without accountability?
Is it shirk or waswaas
When Iblis said: "My Lord! Grant me respite till the Day when they will be resurrected."
How big a knife is required for eid qurban sacrifice?
Waking in a state of janaba when fasting
When being a witness/scribe was established as an official job?
Can four women be witnesses in cases where two male witnesses are necessary?
Are there any cases where only male witnesses are allowed?
Sex and having a child
Alcohol in food
Are we allowed to have friends of the opposite gender?
Explain verse 66 in Surah Nisa, why would Allah ask anyone to kill himself?
Is one sacrifice sufficient for the entire family living under one roof?
Looking for Ayah and Hadith on Mercy/Morality
Imam during Jumuah prayer
Is it forbidden (haram) to hate my own country?
Where to cut the throat for halal slaughter?
If an earthquake hits during prayer, can we stop prayer?
Quran 55:29-31 interpretation "yas aluhu"
The Adhan for Fajr is almost to the end of time, but dawn is half an hour before
Find hadith about grave
Who was the first person to offer animal sacrifice?
Did women sacrifice?
How does one decide if the meat is halal if he doesn't witness the slaughter?
Is a forced oath taken by placing hand on Quran valid?
Really bad thoughts I feel like Allahs going to punish me for them
Competitions which have an entry fee halal?
Is this hadith translation correct?
Must Shahada be said in Arabic?
Where can I find the complete sanad of ahadiths online in English?
What is the basis for giving meat of qurbani as a gift to relatives and friends?
In which sorah the Following ayat is in Quran?
Why did Allah create people when he already knew what was going to happen?
What is the Qibla inside the Kaaba?
Can a haji (pilgrim) cut hair and nails in first 10 days of zil hajj before entering ihram?
Is this method of raising index finger in tashahhud correct?
Is chocolate haram since the average bar apparently has 8 insect parts?
Washing cloths after a wet dream or getting conatminated with sperm by some other means
Reference of Qunoot Nazila of Umar (RA)
Do i have to wash the undergarment?
Ruling on working in a logistic/shipping service company
Did the Prophet have a dog?
Why does Islam trace its origins to Abraham?
Clarification about al-Mughni 7-101 of Ibn Qudama
What is the fiqh ruling on lost property in mosques?
Is it permissible to turn down cancer treatment if you fear it will cause more harm than good?
Judging someone who embraced Islam , cause of not having straight hair .
Is it okay to repeat parts in prayers if I catch myself losing focus?
Does Islam like every religion need to be reformed according to the times?
i drew lots of anime in my sketch book what should i do?
The conundrum of Isa's Father
Do mosques in Islam have a sacredness and how is it defined?
How to interpret the ahadith on making lost property anouncmenents in mosques?
Is it impermissible to give qurbani meat to non-Muslims?
Can you ask Allah for anything in Jannah?
Did any of the sahaba - beside the Prophet Muhammad himself - give fatwa? (Shi'a view)
What concept(s) does the Islamic jurisprudence offer to save a person from ruining himself and his family?
Anal sex between husband and wife
Is Zakat payable on the mahr a wife is given?
Does the Quran answer why Life is a Test?
Who or what are 'mugharribun'?
Intense fear when focusing infront of me during salah
Willing to divorce my husband
Interpretation of 3:123
Taking back what's mine but by stealing
Had to show my full arm to a man
Is a marriage without a written contract and a late dowry valid?
Why these Surahs are used to perform Ruqyah - Surat al-Kaafirun, Surat al-Ikhlas, Surat al-A’araf, Surat Yoonus, Surat Ta-Ha
What rulings and fiqh views are there for prayers and wudu' with bandage?
What is the difference between the different formulations used in describing how a hadith was transmitted?
Can Quran explain the persecution of Rohingya Muslims?
Online clothes business is it halal or haram
Regarding Sujud
Quran is so concise but in Surah Rahman a single ayah repeated 31 times
Can I be forced by my parents?
is it halal to work on a web application that finds jobs
How did Muslims in the past wake up for fajr?
Is this way to pay the kaffarah for not fulfilling my promise to Allah correct?
Is it permissible for son to assist a father with money to repay a riba loan?
Sacrificial meat and pets
Marriage proposal
What exactly consitutes a vow (nadhr النذر)?
Can a grown male interact and play with his cousin's young daughter?
is there any verse where it says men have more physical strength than women?
Are there verses in the qur'an on which there's no consensus about the addressed gender?
What exactly happened in this part of the Hadith?
Ties of kinship question
How can a muslim girl maintain good smell?
Is it right to marry a young girl?
Does Allah swt refer to himself as "We" in Surah al Kahf?
I broke a promise with a condition
Where does the quran mention us to reffer to hadith?
Is Shariah a compulsion for a practising Muslim, can it be like I follow only the Quran and dont listen other teachings like Hadith and shariah?
What are the limits -if any- of following an Imam in congregation?
Do scholars of hadith science treat all the ahadith the same way?
Nikah with a Non-Muslim
Where in Qur'an does it say "Jannah will be in your accordance"?
How to interpret ahadith on breastfeeding adults?
How to determine when one shouldn't fast due to sickness?
Bad language in general
Help me find hadith regarding sahaba feeling sad to slaughter animals
What if one of the spouses died before the husband has paid the mahr (dowry)?
Are there any Muslim references quoting the fast of ahl al-Kitab or earlier Prophets?
Praying behind someone who was late to the prayer
How to interpret Sufyan a-Thawri's statement on permission in fatwas?
Looking at private parts for pregnancy
Why is engaging in homosexual sex sinful?
Was the Battle of Khaibar was pre emptive?
Is Redbull haram to consume
Can't concentrate during salaah while standing
Is homosexuality a choice as per Islam?
What was the qibla before migration?
Why must a wife obey her husband in Islam?
Proof for 2 rak'at Nafl after Zuhr, Maghrib, Isha?
Bad luck and superstitions
Accidentally asking for dua I don’t want in my mind
If the Kabah existed since the time of Adam, why and since when was Qibla in Jerusalem?
Did different ummahs have different qiblas?
Will Allah forgive a person died without getting a chance to know about Islam?
I want to know the authenticity of these hadiths
The path used during the journey of Prophet Muhammad from Mecca to Medina to escape persecution
Does the Quran or any hadith say that the Wall of Gog and Magog can't be seen by the human eye?
Are there surahs in the quran which state that the moon is lit by reflected sunlight?
What is a Muslim's responsibility towards a non-committed Muslim?
Covenant of Prophets? can someone explain this ayat
“The blessings of food lie in washing hands before and after eating.”
What were the major introductions made by the so called rashidi caliphs in terms of public administration?
Should we not cut our nails on Wednesday?
Money saved used, then re-earned through the year and the implications for zakat
After the death of the pharaoh
How can scholars of Jarh and ta'adil be certain about the identity of a narrator?
What's the link between being unjust to orphan girls and having up to four wives in verse (4:3)?
Buying Prepaid Card
What is the difference between khalaqa and ja`ala in the qur'an?
How many daughters prophet Muhammad S.A.W.W have?
Did Bibi Maryam really fast or merely pretended?
is there any verse or hadith regarding thinking about Allah' s nature and existence
Are there any academic scholars who believe that quran has been perfectly preserved since the time of Muhammad?
Going through divorce - irrational behavior
Morality of Forgiveness in Islam
Can I pray Tahiyyat al Masjid during the Quran recitation before Friday Azan?
Is it wrong to tell maids to not chat when in my presence?
In which Quranic verse is the word "Allah" mentioned the most times?
Why is lube for foreplay/sex permitted?
Is indigo haram in islam
Pus from a small pimple
Was it Asiya (RA) who raised Musa (AS) under Fir'aun?
Islamic prayer and yom kippur
Is it allowed to visit a man's house when he isn't home for repair work?
Why do some mothers from the sub continent spent the first 40 days after child birth at their mother's place?
Is it a sin to internally believe in paranoid delusions about those I interact with, if I don't act upon them?
Description of 30 Dajjals
Can any word be added to ذنب to describe it? No such structure exists in the Qur'an
Who were the Prophet's siblings through nursing?
"Keep Your Tongue Moist With Remembrance of Allah"
Is this hadith authentic: "Everything has a polish, which takes away rust. The polish of the heart is dhikr."
Why does Allah need to be good
Marrying a man whose mother breast feeded only once to the girl
Money exchanged for something that can be used as mode of transaction with terms and conditions
What is Ghazwa-e-Hind?
Regards a question about back biting/Gossiping
4 pre-destined parts of life in islam - death, wealth
is zakaat applicable on childrens marriage gifts
What is the explanation of the duration of 30 months for the gestation and weaning?
Preaching by action in islam
Does Islam consider present day Afghanistan, Pakistan, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh as part of "Hind"?
Do Muslims believe that God has no name? What are the implications of this?
Why does the Quran not mention a punishment for the people of 'Isa pbuh?
Except with the rectiation of the qur'an do we need to seek refuge from satan when quoting/reading verses?
Are there rulings, apart from alcohol consumption, whose chronology may be found in the Qur'an?
Why do the shafi'i school of fiqh consider it sunnah to make du'a with the backs of the hands upwards?
Is it ok to do wudhu instead of taking a bath?
Isa- Prophet and Messiah
What to do with stock bonus given by the employer?
Does tahiyyet al masjid count as part of the before-fard sunnah prayers?
What makes an item due to Zakat and why some kinds of wealth are not due for Zakat?
How am I to face my husband after talaq before the 'Idah ends while a reconciliation is (theoretically) possible?
Trouble understanding and applying the hadith of not taking on a trial one cannot bear
Who are these ayah's (2:8-2:10) referring to?
Please explain this Hadith Musnad Ahmad 22588
What is the proof that spiritual struggle is greater jihad?
Is this hadith about Greater Jihad authentic?
Did scholars define a limitation of concubines a man could have?
Hadith about praying salah inbetween shade and sunlight
How do Muslims defend their belief “everything is written by Allah” if a 7 year old girl is raped and killed?
Is it permitted to pray in state of Janabah, if time will run out in doing ghusl?
Hazrat Umar and bibi Fatima incident
Friends with the opposite gender
What is the evidence for dispense of the prayer or the taharah if it is not possible to perform ritual purity?
What rulings of polygny apply in the case of a free man marrying a slave girl?
Is armed Jihad obligatory or recommended?
Why more than 4 marriages are not allowed for men
Prophets are called as عليه السلام and Sahaba are called as رضي الله عنه. What is the logic behind it?
Why it is prohibited to eat domestic donkey?
What is Qunût an-Nawâzil?
Worshipping and doing good for the sake of salvation and/or for the sake of pleasing Allah?
Is it wrong to tell someone "Allah will judge me"
Can a person burden himself more than what it can take?
How do I own a cat if Islam forbids it's sale?
What to do with aqeeqah hair?
Is the name "Abdulmanaf" haram?
I sinned what should I do?
What is the ruling on not liking God?
The “High and Mighty Ones”. Who are they?
Can a person who does not know to pray and what do the recitations reading off their phone/device?
Is shopping near dargah is permissible for believers
Can a Muslim use a college degree that He / She earned by cheating in some of their Exams?
To give estimation for when work will be done
if Allah willed he would have only one religion why did he allow formation of different religions
How long, at most, did women delay marriage during the time of Prophet Muhammad as per records?
Quran 34:24 Interpretation?
Which conditions scholars have defined in case of a marriage between a free and a slave spouse?
Is standing in salah with chest a little forward incorrect?
Is it wrong to joke through absurd and obvious lies?
What evidences for the permission on marrying a free woman to a slave are there?
Was the Prophet (ﷺ) given a choice about being the apostle, or simply commanded to to?
Concept of female beggers in islam?
Which books contain all of the authentic Hadith?
Should I take shahada if I already pray salah?
When someone do a sin why is it said that it might happen that children of that person have to pay for it?
Is burial at sea possible?
Is it ok to watch 2x cartoon sex or cartoon sex without nudity?
How much can fatwas be trusted?
Is fighting for Allah only allowed when one is stronger than non-believers?
Is one still a Muslim when he consciously disobeys a "law"?
Dua when looking at the mirror: Is it present in Sahih Hadith books?
Is exchanging currency through internet is considered as "hand to hand"?
Does Islam has an explanation of why people die of hunger?
Is that islam give the permission to women of coeducation?
Need help understanding 26:215 203
Responding to harsh criticization
If one was bullied their whole life by all kinds of people, and has developed hatred towards those people, does Allah still blame him/her?
Praying Fajr before sunrise but a bit late
What are the limitations of respecting elders?
Can I perform the 5 daily prayers in English?
Is there any specific places I can not perform prayer?
Can I believe in Allah without being muslim?
Why is salah performed in a melodious way sometimes?
Do our dreams to happen as few?
fear of sin while reciting the holy Quran
Can I call a non-Muslim as "My Brother"?
Selling Quran and visual impaired
Doing Dawah in non-Muslim countries
Is there any effort to verify the aphorisms of ibn 'Ata' Allah based on the Qur'an and sunnah?
Ibn 'Ata' Allah was a maliki, but what was his contribution apart of Sufi-related works?
Will Allah forgive me for mockery of my father during childhood without his knowledge?
Sickness that urges the body to make a (random) movement when salat
Can we give Zakat to non-muslims?
Did Prophet Muhammad SAW send blessing upon himself?
Hadith: I don't eat until I'm hungry
Angels in the form of Men. 2 in 1
Is it Haram to bet on fixed games/matches?
Is it permission for a muslim to sing and listen music?
Hadith: There is a way to cleanse everything
What are prayer beads for? Mandatory?
Where in the Quran does it says Angel Mikail is responsible for bringing rain and thunder?
Selling Musical Instruments and Comic Books
creation of life by Allah
What can a girl do if her in-laws don't allow her to wear the hijab?
Why non-muslims are not allowed in mecca
Which prophet is mentioned 25 times in the Quran?
Writing notes on printed Qur'an
Looking for a hadith about feeding 10 by 10 sahabah until they got full up?
Forced marriage
How did non-muslim women dress during the time of Prophet Muhammad (SAW)?
Can i quit job to worship Allah?
Will my prayers still be accepted even if they are imperfect?
What is the Purpose of the Arsh and Kursi?
Surah Imran verse 146 vs Surah Baqarah verse 214
Rewarding the person who helps catch a thief, Islamic or not?
Did Hazrat Owais Qarni(May Allah be pleased with him) lies in the category of sahaba?
Imams mispronouncing/changing words in al Fatiha?
Which oil did Prophet Muhammad PBUH use?
Matched betting
Is drawing haram? (Response to the view that it is permissible)?
Why is Safa and Marwah among the symbols of Allah?
Why Can’t You Be Like Abu Damdam
Hadith: Iman and Haya
If a paper is having any Ayat or Hadith written on it then in order to save that page from throwing, Can we burn it?
Counter-argument to Jesus being the God-Man?
Regarding the hadith below, and the ayah [23:5-7]
If unmarried Muslim has sex with married non-Muslim, is this considered Fornication or Adultery
Hadith about haya and salah
Can jinn be captured in a physical form
How many conditions of death in which we call a person shaheed or martyr?
Source and authentication of "Jihad Will Be Performed Until The Coming of the Hour"
Why it is prohibited for Muslims to enter a building with images and statues?
If the Khutbah is heard from far away place, not in the vicinity of the mosque, should the one who hears listen attentively?
Hadith or verses saying killing a lizard is a reward
people says a woman who gives birth is purified of her sins. Is it true?
What does the Quran and Sunnah say about telling one's dreams to someone else?
Does there any sect exists in Islam who does not believe in grave punishments?
Can girls dance in islam for a school programme?
Is Honour killing and other painful punishment such as walking bear footed on fire are allowed in Islam?
Is wearing a face veil during prayer allowed in Islam?
The Prophet and the sense of haya
Can we recite a surah more than one times in one rakat, after surah fatiha?
What should one do if they feel unbearable guilt after a sin
Does alliance with disbelievers expel you from Islam?
Hadith: My tongue is like a scorpion
Hadith: You would be able to hear what I hear
if a person do a job secretly by violating rules of government, is income via this job is halal or haram?
Does zaqat is obligatory on property,household item,personal belonging other than gold, silver and currency?
What is the status of Elijah in Islam?
Can a muslim go to church for christmas event only for the sake of friend's request?
How many attempts made to steal the Holy Body of Noble Prophet Muhammad (ﷺ)?
Marrying an older women
Can male Muslim athletes wear gold medals?
can a women initiate divorce in Islam?
is satan(shaytan or Iblis) in islam is the same as satan in bible?
Difference between a munkar hadith and a mudtarib hadith?
Man entering the court of Imam Uthman
Leaving Islam because of fear
A hadith from Sunan Ibn Majah which I cannot find in Sunnah.com
Is Paradise the fruit of the worshipping in the world?
Is circumcision compulsory for those who want to convert to Islam? What's the Shia perspective?
Should we recite holy Qur'an or read the translation if we get a limited time per day?
what is the correct procedure of sajda-e-sahw?In which cases it is necessary?
Why does every prayer have different number of Rakat's? What is the reason or logic behind it?
About a case, which is about partial randomness, being halal or haram
What is the literal meaning of word Tafsir and where from it originates?
Purpose of the 4 conditions in.mention in 4:43.& 5:6
How should I control my sexual impulses when I can't medically fast?
Does Islam allow a Muslim female to marry a non muslim?
What do permissible, sin and haram mean?
Is masturbation permissible if marriage is not likely to occur?
Can a bad man stop other people to be bad?
Expiation for breaking an oath
Before Adam(A.S) what thing was existing in this world
Can a daughter give zakat to her mother ...?
Can a girl who lives with a Christian family become a secret Muslim?
Name Effects On Personality
Was it Allah's perfect plan when iblis reject to do Sajdah to Adam(A.S)?
Answer the call of prayer(Adan(azan)) for female
Can Women Wear Niqab at Hajj?
Prophet 'Isa was created by Allah with the word be and when was he created?
If a non-Muslim is a great person, He fulfills everyone rights so still will he go to hell after dying as he is a non-Muslim?
If i help in zakat collection then can i receive a portion of it?
Entering Jannah without Judgement
Is there any description on each level of jannah?
Can we kill those animals which can be harmful for us?
Torment of grave
What is teaching of Islam about Qasr when you travel by air?
What is the state of a baby who dies in the womb in the hereafter?
How can we know that the food we are eating is halal or haram?
Nikah between a syed ( female ) and a nonsyed ( male ) is possible in our religion or not?
Gemstones in the light of Islam
What is the dressing criteria for women while offering Prayers?
What is the source of the hadith “At the beginning of every century Allah will send to this ummah someone who will renew its religious understanding”?
Can women use hair threading machine?
Conditions in wihch ladies not allowed to recite Quran Pak
What should be my attitude when I see conflict in science and Islam at some point?
If it is to hard for one to avoid smoking during fast than What is the expiation of it?
Is it Haram to work in the factory that produces alcoholic drinks.?
Is Turkey haram to eat?
If a women strictly follows the all rules of Islam but a task is assigned to her as deliver audio lecture on social media Is it permissible?
Can a female pray regular salah if she has been diagnosed with PCOS?
Stages at which haram things are allowed
Authentic hadith or supernatural talks?
Are Zoroastrians among the People of the Book?
What's the meaning of the word "husk" on this hadith?
Amount of charity from payment
Did God dialogues with humans according to the quran?
What does Islam say about unintentionally passing a contagious disease that kills someone?
Imam shows awrah during prayer validity of Salaah?
Nullifying the shahada
Is the term sighaar as-Sahaba agreed upon among hadith scholars?
Does the name of the prophet Muhammad appears in the Quran?
How many time the name "Allah" comes in Holy Quran?
Why surah "at-Tawbah" also known as "Baraah"
What are the rights of converts on muslim ummah?
What are the days when fast is haram or makruh?
Difference between haram and makruh?
Does the Qur'an mention the bliss of the believing women in paradise?
Do someone need to explicitly tell about their conversion to islam?
Does Allah create the movements in our bodies every moment?
How to deal with papers on which Allah's name is mentioned?
What do Islam say about mercy killing?
Does A woman has a right on her husband for providing a separate house?
Is it common for Muslims to pray during Salah?
Will my sins not be forgiven if I told people about it?
Name the sihabi whose four generation are sihabih?
Can I kiss or hug my friend's wife who is like a sister to me?
The wisdom behind the chaining up of the devils in Ramadan
What is the duration of grief or mourning for a death in Islam and when it starts?
Which should be preferable. To obey the father or to fast?
For a married women, who's order is superior father or husband according to Islamic point of view?
Man who was a step away from Paradise, but went to Hell
Must burial be started soon after salatul al-Janazah or can it be delayed?
Facts about schizophrenia; Is the sufferer still accountable?
What is the theory of evolution in Islam?
Is it Haram to write bad words?
Can Syed \ Hashmi receive Zakat?
Hadith or verse related to long nails?
Can someone tell me a Hadith related to positivity in life?
Can women wear panjtan pak name stone ring?
Ahadith reports of the Prophet Muhammad() giving the Adhan or Iqamah himself
Magrhib & Isha Qasr
Non muslim food business serving Halal food, DO I NEED A CERTIFICATE?
Quran Surah Baqarah verse 111 interpretation
can a person who is talking about religious issues and preaching go on talking while adhan is being called?
What are the conditions for holding or touching the Qur’an?
Can we perform hajj or umrah with loan money?
Is it forbidden that a Muslim women do haircuts on a non Muslim or kafir woman?
Is it sunnah to say "wa barakatuhu" while saluting at the end of the prayer?
What was the relationship between Isa (A.S) and Yahya (A.S)?
How to express condolence to a person stricken by calamity and how to adequatly answer?
Is there any basis for the saying that 'Zamzam well will never dry out'?
What we should do when Imam offer less than or more than 4 Taqbeer in Furnal Prayer?
One talaak to wife and want reconciliation, what do I need to do?
What is the language of the Al Lawh Al Mafooz ( The Preserved Tablet)?
In islam who is martyred between indian muslim soldiers and pakistani muslim soldiers?
In which month Hazrat Muhammad (S.A.W) and Hazrat Khadija (R.A) got married?
Is it allowed to go to hajj with your step mother?
How should we communication with the people who do not know the religion but are very prejudiced regarding the issue?
What should I say when I see bad deed?
Is it shirk to think that thoughts affect reality?
If I marry an Ahl-al-Kitab woman and she doesn't convert to Islam, does she go to hell?
What are the boundaries of obeying parents?
Death of Hazrat Bibi Aminah(r.a)
Praying in front of a mirror
For which sahaba banana comes on Earth?
Is it haram for women to use steel blades to shave hair?
Is it possible to shave head before departing for Hajj
is it haram to work at a company where they produce alcohol but not actually sell it myself?
Is it Haram to work online?
In which surah two time " bismillah" comes
What conditions make actions reported to be done by the Sahabah Sunnah?
Breaking Wudu during tawaf
Why does man commits the sins and punished by Allah
Do I say "bismillah" in 2nd rakat?
Can becoming a hafiz let you intercede for disbelieving family?
Order for Muslim of non-Islamic state... if he has joined the army of that nation
Is Islamic spiritual space immune to Hindu , Christian and Buddhist influence?
which type of honey is healing for us?
Is watching movies or dramas is haram?
Breaking of wadu during prayer
What does “Yarhamukallah” mean?
Do i need to have wudu for English translation of the Quran?
is the allowed in islam to look at first moon of RABI UL AWAL and put our hands up for dua?
Difference between Riba & intrest
When does the prayer time end? (Mainly Isha)
When are souls created according to Islam?
Can I make Dua in English, must it be a Surah from Quran?
How to do ruqya if you dont know how read quran?
who is that sohabi whose name is mentioned in the quran--majjeed?
On the existence of debate over fidelity of Quranic codices within the Islamic intellectual tradition
If aqeeqa of of newly born child is not performed and the child die unfortunately. Is aqeeqa is still obligatory?
Is only surah Fatiha enough to fulfill fard of Qiraah during salah?
Is it acceptable for a Muslim to wear yellow or red coloured dress?
Found money on the running road ...Is it Haram to use it?
24:43 is this translation correct?
May fish and dairy be eaten together?
Is the hostility against Asia Bibi supported by the Quran?
can we wear embroidered animal figures during Namaz?
Is the following statement a hadith: “If a person eats seven ajwa dates, poison and magic will not affect him”?
Rules and regulations of property distribution in case of religious changing
What if Allah freed one of his slaves?
Does God become angry?
Umar ibn al-Khattab: Hold onto your salat
Exchange Halal with Haram Currency
Will a person burn in hell fire forever even if he had faith but never followed Islam ?
Is there is any Hadith about the limit of cutting beard?
Why we recite Bismillah two times in surah Namal?
Crime news sharing by news broadcasters and crime documentaries
What is the hadith mentioned in the ibn Kathir tafsir on Quran 7:172-174?
Hadith: Worshipping other than Allah
Is beema allowed in Islam?
Does using urinals make bathing compulsory?
Is it truly necessary to follow each and every rule of islam to go to heaven?
Does the marriage is invalid due to long time stay from each other...?
Should salah be done as soon as possible?
What is the difference between Sunan an-Nasa-i al-Kubra and as-Sughra?
Most hadith scholars had deep knowledge in hadith, why they quoted da'if narrations in their compilations then?
Can a wife receive a blood transfusion from her husband?
What is the source for this "deeds transfer" story?
Is our souls, angles never destroyed when it create or why Allah does not finish devil when he disrespect the order of Allah?
Doctor told me to take Absolut vodka as pain reliever, is it haram?
Does Islam allow human trafficking?
When did Hazrat Aisha RA die?
Is my -forced- nikah valid or invalid? And how to divorce?
Why did the prophet (P.B.U.H) never recite the adhaan?
What is the difference between PBUH and SAW in usage?
Sex with a Non-Mehram in Dream?
Why and how disliking some divine laws is definitely an act of disbelief?
is our sadaqa accepted if we gave our sadaqa to professional beggers?
What Dua can I make to ask Allah to ease the difficulties of another person?
Duas not answered
Collection of ahadith arranged according to sahabi from whom the hadith is narrated
Is there a Shia book that analyses all Sunni hadeeth or raavi (narrator of hadees)
Repentance from a misdeed: Is there a chance that Allah may forgive me?
What are the names of Shia hadeeth books?
Is it halal to marry the daughter of my divorced wife if the child is from her ex-husband?
What is the award for non-Muslim on their best deeds?
Does islam allow a women to marry whom she wants to?
Is there any concept of democracy in Islam?
Is it permissible for a man to wear clothing that may attract women?
Is Prophet Muhammad (ﷺ) superior to all creation, even those superior to humans (17:70)?
Talking and Mentioning Allah in Public Bathrooms
What is the evidence of praying nafal from Maghrib to Isha in the masjid?
If Prophet did two things, that are contrasting in nature, which among them is the Sunnah?
Forget your sin and move forward
How is it possible that Muhammad is a prophet (Q 29:27)?
Can I offer my Namaz while wearing makeup?
Is wearing Christmas jumper forbidden?
Why punish sinners on earth (death sentence,jail etc) when they'l probablyl end up in Hell anyway?
What does Islam say about being brave?
What are the rulings regarding pride?
Why do the sabeans have so much in common with Islam?
Is it allowed for a boy and girl to chat in college?
Is it permissible to open the mosque for the foreigner tourists?
How do we know how to perform salat?
Interpretation of the verse 34:19
What's the literal meanings of the word "Imam"?
References for Systematic Theology in Islam?
Indulging in activities of a site that has ads
sins of heart and their connection with faith
Why does God test everyone differently?
How does one have true faith?
Is it permissible to watch Islamic TV series?
Is it true that Allah forgives all sins except those who expose them?
Do female believers get rewarded for their monthly menses?
Does prophet Muhammad appear in dreams and talk to a Hindu girl?
Book with only unique Sahih ahadith
Is there any worship or du'a that makes memorizing the qur'an easier?
Can we pray kaza (missed) prayer after 12:00 am midnight?
Does islam permit to nikah with cousin's daughter?
Can anyone marry with her father's cousin?
Islamic basis for Deteuronomy 18:15-20 allowing an Ishmaelite prophet fulfillment?
Islamic academics/experts on the Bible especially in original languages?
Having contact with lover or fiance before marriage
Is it allowed to become a refugee?
What is the punishment for stealing from my parents?
I think I rinsed my nose more than three times during ghusl
What sins are not forgiven because of lack of guidance?
Can someone tell me which Quran/Mushaf is it?
Exact Fasting Protocol of Dawud (a.s)
How are Adhan and Iqama recited in the Ibadi madhhab?
Ruling on hitting children
"A man should look at the woman he wants to marry to get induced to marry her": How should a blind man do about it?
Eating food without Kufi ( head cap) is Makrooh?
Is performing Adhan in a natural voice preferred over reciting it in a melodious voice?
Is it haram or makruh to unwittingly watch a video about a math "magic trick"?
Did Prophet Muhammed (saw) raise a dead man to give the Shahada?
Wrong explanation about science by Prophet Muhammad
Is the Mahr only allowed to be handed to the wife exclusively?
Marry a girl whos done zina with 2 person
Sahih Bukhari, Vol.6, Book 60, hadith 7
What should I do if I'm confused whether I passed wind?
Which hadith is this?
Is breastfeeding optional in Islam?
Why lying on the belly is forbidden in Islam?
Can I get married without the witnesses or any other marriage formalities?
Children die of Poverty, Yet ALLAH tells us that ALLAH will provide for them. I am confused?
Is it haram to add audio subliminal messages in your promotional video to get more sales?
If the good deeds are erased due to Kufr or Shirk, is there any means of getting them back?
Accidentally ate bacon crisps
After Fardh salah saying a wazifah then blow on your fingers and rub your eyes Sunnah?
What’s the ruling on praying without paying attention?
Is it shrik to say 'he save my life' in pubg?
if money is involved, is a multiplayer game gambling?
What does ilm e ghaib mean in simple sentence
Why muslims aren't allowed to be a part of christmas gathering?
countless gods from antiquity and thinking about them
References for some ahadith about bid'ah
I need an exact reference for a hadith in Musnad Ahmed!
Is it shrik to call anyone in Allah's name?
Where can we find Ahlal Bayt legacy books?
What to check from the owner whether a cheese is halal or not?
Should I go for this girl?
Dua to be protected from being answerable/subjugated to a Kaafir?
Are domestic rats allowed as pets in Islam?
Is Al-Kafa'a (Compatibility) for Nikah in fact Racism and Casteism?
Is whale meat halal?
Is it true that after a person returns from Hajj or Umrah, all his supplications (i.e. dua's) are accepted for 40 days?
Will a woman become kaffir if she doesn't like the fact of her husband taking another wife?
Four Witnesses for Zina
How to get Hadees E-books in Urdu ..?
Interpretation of Surah 86:6 "Emerging from between the Backbone and ribs"
Can you dedicate a book to your parents or children?
Shia Muslims should curse Abram, Jacob and Isaac etc.?
Did Holy Prophet صلى الله عليه وسلم encourage or discourage marriages between cousins over several generations?
Is it allowed for a muslim man to perform obligatory salah at home?
I have exposed my sin
I'd like to know some more details on the table sent down to prophet 'Isa?
Why aren't all commands of the Prophet treated as obligatory?
How did 1500 Sahaba perform ablution from one container?
IQ Options (Haram or Halal)
How were khutbahs given before invention of microphone?
Did Prophet ﷺ advice to divide the day into 3 parts, one for prayer, one for family, and one for work?
Why does Allah sends weak people with many problems to this world?
Concealing sins pls helppp
Is the earnings government employees haram
Hadith about Licking others fingers after eating?
Cutting ties with non muslim relatives?
Is my Muslim daughter permitted to marry a non-Muslim man?
Significance of tasbeeh after prayer
Authenticity of Hadith # 4424 Musnad Ahmad
I made a promise with a condition but later I broke it, how to do repentance?
Why is salah necessarily Arabic?
Places where a husband is allowed to have sex with his wives
Urinary Incontinence and Changing Adult Diapers
If you wear a scarf, if your hair shows without you knowing, are you sinning?
Travels of Prophet Saw before his Prophethood?
After Ablution, when a drop of liquid comes out, should wuzu be repeated for prayer and recitation of Quran?
If a dream tells us about future events, how likely is it for those events to happen?
Does giving food to my christian maid please Allah or not?
Soul enters body on day 40 or 120? How can both be true?
Whom can we marry
Is there punishment for unawareness?
Will my roza (fasting) be accepted or not?
Accidentally recitate more
Wet fart with dirt(not stole)
Doing business and sharing the profit
Are eggs, milk, and other animal products that do not require slaughter halal?
Authenticity of Iman thirmidhi (ra) Mursal hadith?
Is there reward in watching Islamic videos on the Internet?
Is deodrant halal for men?
Iddah period if been seperated for a year
Is there any islamic reason for wearing niqaab (veiling of the face)?
Why Drinking alcohol took so long to ban
Is Abu Dawud's Hadith to be taken literal?
Can we buy new clothes for baby during the 8th month of pregnancy?
Intentional deviation from direction of Qibla
How were the Surahs of the Qur'an named?
How is the test of life on earth fair
What was Allah doing before the creation
Can I pray missed Tahajjud prayers?
Is practicing ruqya prohibited?
Is there a hadith saying something like "Fear the man/person who leaves everything to Allah"?
Is it haram to lose wudu during the pray, and then continue the prayer?
How does Allah warn us about bad company (friend and family)
Rights of others
Muslim prohibition on swearing oath of allegiance to secular power
Condition for nikah
If you get tears out of love of Allah, is that sign of iman?
Is there any biography saying that al-Hafidh al-Mundhiri was an offspring of the sahabi Khalid ibn al-Walid?
Is it tohmat to assume that two people are together?
How can you tell if your problems and failures are tests or punishment?
Is killing people in video games haram?
Who was older, Moses or Aaron?
Why reminder to Righteous/Believers?
Does Quran denies the fact of creatures living outside Earth?
Does divorce occur if the husband is mentally ill by birth?
How did Prophet Muhammed (saw) see the punishment of the hell fire when judgement day still hasn't arrived?
Marriage of adopted humans
Lying in the Job C.V and haram money
If 1 rak'ah of fazr salat is done within the waqt, then will the salat be acceptable?
Is it permissable to drink your wife's milk?
Is a poor homeless beggar exempt from his 5 daily salat?
Describing your problems in details
Do you pray Sunnah and Fard separately?
Shubuhat about demolition Dhul-Khalasa by Jarir(RA) and Ahmas
Is being a Finance Controller/ CFO haram?
Wudhu with wet hands/face
Did the holy prophet Muhammad SAW recite this supplication/dua?
Why is punishment allowed in Islam?
How to understand the conversation between the people in the hellfire and those in paradise in the qur'an?
Was the al aqusa mosque that prophet saw in his night dream the same alaqusa we have today or a different mosque in jerusalem?
Can I divorce my husband due to lack of trust?
Do we get punished for missing Fajr due to sleep, even if we intended to wake up for Fajr and we did our full effort to wake up?
Can I marry a Hindu?
Can dead souls benefit living
Evil thoughts during salah
Can I do the traditional marriage ceremony few years after the nikah?
Are you allowed to expose the sins of a non-Muslim?
Does all 3 divorces in a marrige have to be issued by the man for making it irrecovable?
Girls marriage rights?
Can you and your spouse stay at their own parents place right after nikah?
Is drawing webcomics haram?
Can Shi'a tafseer books be categorized in similar categories as those of Sunni scholars?
Is swearing an oath saying "if I do such and such, I will become a kafir" valid?
In the bath of Janaba, are the anal hairs required to be washed?
What rights do I have on my biological brother and his wife and what rights do they have upon me?
Should a muslim woman meet with male colleague for condolence about his deceased relative?
Smiled out of acceptance and happiness
Will my sin be forgiven?
My brother wants to marry his cousins daughter . Can the 2 get married?
Is chipotle halal to eat
Did I commit zina or no?
If I had anal sex before in this situation, will I still be forgiven?
Does getting angry and shouting break wudu?
What is right and what is wrong?
chess competition
Do I need to perform ghusl if I have white fluid discharge without any sexual arousal?
Why camel meat does not break wudu in Hanafi fiqh?
Holding the Qur'an
Is Marriage Annul if Wife runs from home with out husband's concern
Is it possible for a man to marry his brothers ex wife?
Is Children of a Sayyida mother still count as direct descendant of prophet muhammad S.A.W?
What are the activities that are proven in Ahadith to have taken place in mosque other than worshipping?
What is the preferred time for praying Witr salah in Maliki fiqh?
In inheritance are there cases where all the types of heirs get a share?
Does the husband have a right to reject the sex if he is not in mood
Do all possible heirs always get a share or is it possible that some may go out empty?
Taking Shahada with doubts
Reference for some lines of typical khutbah
Killing honey bees which infested home
Quran Surah Anbiya Ayat 30 - a Rhetorical Question?
Are you allowed to pray on a floor that’s najis?
Can I put a picture of my mother who passed away in a necklace for me to wear?
According to Islam, should I take the Shahadah even though I have some doubts regarding the prophethood?
What is the source and authenticity of this Hadith?
Is wall permissible material for tayammum?
Does dry skin break wudu? (Repeat)
On the Day Of Judgement, can I be a righteous person and when I go to cross al-sirat, I fall?
Do we have to follow any specific order of reciting surah"s in namaz?
How do I really know if an animal is actually a jinn posing as an animal?
Is extra money out of love or fine over a loan regarded as Riba?
Can children demand death penalty for father if he murders their mother?
Calling a player goat
How to handle waswasa?
Life of Sajah bint Al-Harith ibn Suayd
What to feed people when giving Kaffarah?
Will 2 divorces from the first marriage still count in a new marriage with the same woman?
Is making market research for gambling companies haram?
Praying Namaz (Salah) & Durood e Ibrahimi
Why is bismillah al Rahman al Raheem in the beginning of the surahs?
Bleeding from gums when i do ablution (Wudu')
Can I marry a person I won't be able to marry in first place if I make du'a?
How does one have believe in God?
What's the meaning of khamsa below jim waqf sign?
If the heat of summer is due to Hell, then why is it winter in the southern hemisphere? And vice versa?
am i a kaffir because i use the word "jesus" when I'm tired or shocked?
Would Salah still be accepted, even with a simple intention?
What time did Dhul Qarnayn live in according to Islamic sources?
Last person to enter Jannah would he really have a Jannah?
Is Skyrim Haram?
Is it haram to put pictures of the part of female body without the face?
Does Allah communicate to his people through the means of Angels in present?
Explain Quran 2:136
Pray for someone to die
what should i do after liking an offensive picture mistakenly?
How to convert from Shia to Sunni?
What if your salahs are being invalidated and you never find out?
Translate Arabic?
if your life is messed up, how do you improve it using islamic teachings?
Looking for some help in clarifying Chapter 2 verse 54 from Surat Al Bakarah
Will someone get a reward if they helped someone memorize the Quran?
Clarification of Quran 67:5 (... nearest heaven with lamps ... missiles to drive away the Shayatin ...)
Making a mistake when praying aloud when you’re alone
Can you ask Allah for forgiveness for another person?
How should one pray two by two rak'ats of naafil?
Was alcohol prohibited to the previous nations?
Nikkah Without Wali Permission?
Accidental Prostration of Forgetfulness
Can we eat foods just tasted by crows?
A muslim person becomes a disbeliever, then he becomes a believer again
Is there any point of doing any good deeds?
May a married woman let her Ex boyfriend visit her while her husband is not around
Who are the Christians and who are the Jews?
Can I marry my cousin sisters husbands niece?
What will be the distribution of property among two daughters, a wife and two surviving parents left behind by someone?
I've been drawing human drawings for a long time, what should I do with them and how should I dispose of them?
People who have received less in dunya would they receive more in Jannah?
Is it allowed for a married woman cooks for her boss at work without husband's consent?
Are the two different categories of angels there to capture the soul in this Hadith?
Will someone gain martyrdom if they died while going to or returning from the mesjid?
How should we respond to the Jewish expression "Shabbat Shalom"?
From which collection is this hadith taken?
Using interest money to make up for capital loss
How will Allah forgive me after shouting at my father?
naturopathy Medicine which have alcohol is Halal or haram
Adhan and timings of prayer
Is writing fiction a form of lie?
What does this reference mean?
What is the difference between sunni hadith and other hadith?
Is this Hadith about Friday ghusl abrogated?
When is it permissible to abandon another Muslim?
Does good deeds come to a person working an office job at a charity?
Sura Az-Zumar, Ayah 53 interpretations
Stealing things which I put back where I steal it
Which ayah of Quran states that if it wasn't for Allah we would all have followed Shaytaan except a few?
Is the prayer valid if recitation is done without audible voice?
What is meant by "froth" or "foam" in Quran aya 13:17?
Asking the dead to make dua for you : bidah or shirk?
How to control sexual desires? (need motivation)
Quran listening and reciting
Need reference for a hadith about staying silent when seeing a mistake
Waswas of ejaculation of maniy
Halal Income from haram source
How can I believe that Allah loves his people 70 times more than a mother if an infant dies off cancer?
Is it permissible for women to pray by whispering?
Tahajjud prayer
How can I make up for prayers I have missed in the past?
Hadith regarding Umar (ra) threatning to beat sahaba?
Is there property right of son of a divorced wife in Islam?
What's the ruling on someone who tells others to stop sinning?
Is there an explanation how abu Hurairah managed to narrate more than 5K hadith?
Is there any evidence to support that Abu Hurraira's sheer number of narrations is not feasible?
Is singing non-muslim songs kufr and shirk?
Muslim Girl Commit sins
Is there any property right of the second wife who has no children?
Is this thing bid'ah or is it perfectly normal and good?
The "Is God careful?" Question
Does Allah Most High forgives repeatedly committing Shirk and Kufr?
Clarity regarding Aq Al-Walidayn
will the jews be rewarded heaven for following their messiah (the anti christ)?
Rulings on listening to songs that has swearing on it
Is there any english translation of Al Tarikh Al Kabir available?
I am looking for a specific recitation of the Qur'an (Surah Hamd) with Arabic accent, without singing
Is it true that a non-Muslim asked to marry Aisha before the prophet Muhammad (pbuh)?
Why is the 4 rakat Sunnah before Asr and Isha not included in the hadith?
Calculating Prayer Times
I accidentally made fun of a sin I committed. Is it kufr?
Why do people kiss their hands and put it on their foreheads?
Prophets cannot sin?
zakat on mortgaged gold
is there any complete list of sana'a manuscript difference with current Qur'an, in terms of meaning?
Question about jokes (I don't know if I am an apostate- help)
Is this hadith about dhikr authentic?
Why is the same verse in 2:149 repeated in 2:150?
Do you need permission to download islamic videos from the Internet?
Examination on a day of Ramadan
Did Muhammad ever instruct anyone to write down the Quran or Hadith?
Menses discharge salah
Last time of Isha and Tahajjud prayer
Are there some certain cases where wife can disobey her husband?
Missed prayer and what to do now?
Umar RA journey to Jerusalem
Can we join fajr prayer?
Haya (Shyness) and how to restore it?
Do we pray Fajr quietly or out aloud?
When the Kaaba was built, how were people worshiping Allah?
Doubt of being impure
Do we get good rewards for learning or studying about Islam?
Trying to figure out what this taweez means?
jokes against Allah - trying best not to smile
At what age are religious obligation set upon an individual?
Use of earplugs while praying
Is prayer valid if one prays it later than the prescribed time due to ignorance of prayer timings?
What is the source of this hadith about Abu Hurairah (RA)?
Recommendation of forbidden things
If the life in the Akirah becomes eternal then, does it mean, that life is equal to Allah's life as Allah is eternal?
Disobeying parents
If a man works in govt office where picture of president is placed on wall. Is it shirk for the employee who works in the office?
How is the mecca clock tower not haram?
How to deal with the challenges Allah gives us?
Why is a martyr called a Shaheed?
Is self-penetration haram? Is it punishable?
Are abrogated verses in the Lawh-al-Mahfuz (Stone Tablets)?
What to do if the cause of Sawm break is occured but unknown
Names of the Surah's in Qur'an
Does Quran 5:45 "an eye for an eye ..." rule apply to muslims?
Can you commit suicide for certain reasons in Islam?
Are there different positions or manners to raise hands for du'a depending on the situation?
Can straight men wear women's underwear due to level of comfort?
When exactly do you say "allahu akbar" during salah?
Female doctor- no handshake, but ok with medical touch during examination
Is there any translation of Qur'an into Syriac?
Why do we remain silent when praying asr and dhuhr?
Ruling on wearing clothes that represents the devil
Celibacy - halal or haram?
Loans based on deposit?
What are the things we have to perform while reading Quran?
Can the 2 sunnah Fajr rakats be offered before going to sleep?
is low-detail video game character allowed?
My friend loved a girl, but she passed. Will they have each other in heaven?
Do only Shiites call Ali ibn Abi Talib "Imam"?
Can i marry wife’s cousin sister (daughter of mother-in-law's sister)?
Duas in my mind i dont want
Masturbation for people who cant get married
Which azkar are mustahab and which are farz
Where do we go after death?
Is deliverying halal food for a restaurant permissible when it also sells haram food?
Wife's mother asking her to give khula
If you have a secrete nikah then are you allowed to do it again with the same person?
Must I leave the classroom to pray?
What should I do if I went to sleep and missed Fajr?
Is the prayer for a spouse instantly accepted?
Why did Prophet married Aysha at the age of 6 when Quran forbids marriage before reaching puberty?
Is there any verses in the Quran where it says a man or woman should marry only after reaching puberty?
Will Muslims have to worship Allah in Jannah?
Why only Muslims should go to Jannah why not non muslims?
Was the Quran intended to be a book?
Ghusl/wudu required but the individual was unaware
Not allowed to have sex because of her parents
my question is that men will get reward in paradise in form of hoor , will women be given any reward?
Adhkar question
Why are we not allowed intercourse with Mahram while children of Adam were allowed to marry them?
Is there a Hudud punishment for blaming someone on things he hasn't done?
Are we rewarded for dhikr in the mind only without uttering a single word?
Can we keep a dead person's image as phone wallpaper?
Controversy about the death of Muhammad(SAW)
Does a woman HAVE to get married?
Why non-Arabs are considered lesser than Arabs as a nation?
If I apply oil on my hair then is my ablution valid or not?
During Kissing Hajr-e-Aswad men and women got touch with one another is it halal or haram
what should we do in making ALLAH promises and ALLAH swear?
is laughing in ridicule of haram things seen as haram?
How does one make the home halal when living with a Christian guardian?
Is it allowed to play quran on speaker while praying?
Doubts in salah
Hadith reference and clarification
what is the commandment about beggars in Islam?
What can you draw in Islam
Removing curse on me after I did bad
I want to buy a product but they only accept credit cards so can I apply for one and buy the product?
Not going to masjid because of hostile people?
Is ablution performed correct when a person wear an oil on a head?
Qadar as the pillar of imaan
Explanation of Verse 6, Surah Yusuf [12:6]
Promise made to allah
Saying hurtful things in your mind in moments of anger
Are children books with pictures in them haram in Islam?
Received my lent money which the debtor acquired from haram source. Is it halal for me?
is listening to relaxation study music halal or haram?
Won a car haraam?
When I say the dua for entering the bathroom should I say that before stepping foot inside or is it ok to say it inside the bathroom
Is cheating in gambling also considered as gambling?
Can I open a restaurant where men and women can mix?
Is it permissible in Islam to interbreed between two different species of animals to make new variation in animal's offspring?
How much time did Satan take to convince Adam to eat the fruit of forbidden tree?
Under which circumstances are we allowed to touch non-mahram?
Is a Muslim man extreme if he lowers his gaze with every woman?
Is it necessary for ladies to cover their head while performing ablution?
Is it haram if a girl touches herself?
Why did Muhammad (SAW) say, "If anybody discards his religion then kill him"?
Missing jum'ah on Friday
Does vomiting breaks one's fast?
Why did some Sahaba and Imams overdo the Sunnah?
Does istikharah work if you just read it without doing salah?
Is it wrong to judge the man that might be a good husband before I even meet him?
What does Allah being "swift in penalty" mean to today's Muslims?
Is it necessary to perform a seperate ablution before every prayer?
What should be done when the name of Holy prophet is repeated several times in a khutba?
In Shia's Islam, is it possible to make Nikkah again with that person from we recently take divorce?
Rejection of Mutawatir Hadith in Sunni Islam and Shia Islam
In Qur'an 7:161, why is "say the word of humility" translated in various ways?
I want to know, directly related with Islam, the importance of the 1,001 Arabian Nights:
Modelling with out covering your neck, hair, or even chest
Does a married man or a married woman deserve a rajm punishment for illegitimate oral sex?
Does hajj become compulsory if you perform um-rah?
The prophet imagining things?
Our prayer will be accepted or not if a na_mehram come and we offering our prayer?
What is the satr(obligatory to cover) for men in Islam?
What would a see through / transparent woman/houri/wife in jannah/paradise look like (as described by Sahih Bukhari)?
what is the Islamic point of view about taking balance as loan in cell phones?Does that count in interest?
Is stomach of animal (Ojri) halal or haraam in islam?
Passing the siraat bridge
Hellfire for unbelievers
Is it necessary to ask forgiveness from that person who has been told about zinah comitted by a person?
Do Muslims understand the English word "god" specific to Allah? What's right response to "may God be with you"?
Are muslims allowed to whatch cartoons or anime
Is Siavash an islamic name?
Can we call our siblings by nick names?
Is it necessary to do Ghusal after masturbation?
The life of Jesus in the Quran
Will Software/Video Game Piracy be not Haram, If the Successful product's development has been stopped by the publisher?
Starting prayer at the end time
What will a woman of this world receive in Heaven?
Can I touch my friend's breasts?
Did Salman the Persian meet Isa AS?
What is the basic for it being called the Tree of Immortality?
Do I have to do ghusl if I am not sure what was released from my body?
Why is Shab e Meraj celebrated the night before?
What kind of prayers one can read on shab-e-mehraj
Did Allah (Swt) reveal the Quran to Jibril (as) in Arabic?
Sunan ibn Majah & suckling
Why God didn't make all males as circumcised?
Was Musa sinless?
Umar RA & the verse, "O people! Do not claim......"
Quran Mushaf Eternal Speech of Allah
Can I lie to prevent an argument?
Is using calculators and not relying on natural conception sinful?
Quran verses on achievements and pay gratitude to Allah
If one's body is clean but what about mind?
Are we allowed to be friends with or talk to the disbelievers?
How to buy a home in halal way
Surah 4:119 -- Isn't Female Genital Mutilation considered "Changing the Creation of Allah"?
Why is Black Magic considered as Shirk?
Reference of Hadith "make things easy and not difficult" "يسِّروا ولا تعسِّروا"?
Demolishing Kaaba is much easier to Allah than the blood of a Muslim?
What part of swearing's haram
Does Allah know how we feel at any given time?
How Allah forgive me
Hadith & ".....chains on their necks....."
Who are the three (different?) addressee's in verse (10:87)?
Hadith about monthly payments
What is the secret behind showing both adversaries as few in the others eyes in the battle of Badr?
How should I conduct myself in prayer
Can i be divorce a 3rd time if i did no remarry after the second divorce
What does "Lit is such a Light" mean in the translation of quran 24:36
Can a muslim who follows Ahl al-sunnah wa al-jamaah, also follow some sufi teachings?
Authenticity of hadith where Meat turned to stone?
Islamic legal principle "certitude cannot be removed by doubt", and the slander of Aisha
Why Ibraheem was referred to as Ummah (أُمَّة) in this verse and why it was translated with other meanings?
Is it Permissable for Christians to Fight with Muslim Armies?
Eating different types of seafood
What should be movement with my future wife after a family engagement
What's the most virtuous profession?
When did prophet Ibrahim (pbuh) ask Allah to show him how He revives the dead?
Al-gharaniq and the Muslims return from Abyssinia
Hadith: I have been informed about everything that will happen until the Day of Judgment
Is prophet Adam a descendant?
What does Umar's RA statement "marriage is like slavery" mean?
Why is Qur'an 33:53 (which describes specific behaviors in relation to the Prophet) inside the Qur'an?
Joining the Imam late in Jamaa’
Some people say that Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) is present among them during let's say a naat or zikar mehfil. Is this true?
Is it possible for food to be both jhatka and halal?
site/link for word count of quran?
How does one perform Wudu if they have injuries?
Is watching porn haram?
Haramain situation at time of fatamid caliphate?
Why did Allah make me a psychopath?
Not having sex with wife for 1 year since marraige and when asked she refuse
Why did Adam say that he being sent to the world was predestined and not something for which he should be answerable?
Will we look similar to how we looked in the Dunya in Jannah?
Does Allah change from the state of happiness(of being pleased) to the state of anger?
Is slavery allowed in islam?
Biography of rasool(pbuh)
Do all non Muslims go to jahanum?
Building over graves
Can I perform Umrah with my paternal uncle?
Does sinning on purpose and stopping salah affect person rizq in Islam?
Was the Furthest Mosque existent in the Prophet's time?
Fetwa about pieces of the relegion
Why Allah stated himself as "We" in many places in Quran?
Is slandering major sin in Islam and their Prayers wont be accepted?
Premarital Sex Before Becoming Muslim
the proper way of praying qaza namaz?
Is Ghusl given to a Martyr who is killed while Propagating the message of Islam?
should i have to pay Haq mehr after divorce rukhsati didnt happen (Sunni Barelvi only)
Who can be Wali of a woman who has no other Muslims in her family?
What is the dress that Islam has mentioned for males?
Do all fruits are made of male and female according to quran?
Trumpets in Revelations and Islam
missing namaz. because of no place to pray in office
Name of Jesus in the Quran
Can a Hindu enter jannah?
Are few drops of urine excused after urination?
A List of all the prayers a Muslim can pray?
Halal marriage relationship in islam
Can Isa (as) be considered as a son of Adam?
Do these hadiths permit violence
How did the prophet muhammad (pbsl) remain chaste before Islam?
Did the Prophet (PBUH) predict the gender of the fetus?
Is it shirk to wish that Allah didn’t exist?
Earn by making faceless cartoons
Should I repeat my prayers?
Real meaning of loyality to husband
Using commode easy/simple way?
Is it haraam to watch images of anime that are semi naked?
Making a vow for worldly matter
Tafseer book mainly focused on why certain ayath were revealed
Story of Julaybib (Ra) - clarification
On what basis do Shi'a Muslims claim that a marriage is valid even if done in the absence of witnesses?
Is profit from bank on your money is halal or haram?
Is it allowed for a women to uncover her face if non Muslim government banned face cover?
Are we allowed to pray from heart?
Are there any specific recommended timings to read Quran in Ramadan?
Ahmadiya considered to be Non-Muslims , Falsifying the Islam
What is the commandment of Islam about the widow of shaheed?
What aspect of asking help from jinn makes the action Shirk?
How to perform mandatory ghusal while fasting?
Is this hadith about prophet Musa sahih?
Ali's letter to his son - authentic?
Masturbation for 16 year old teenager
I would like to know if a minute percentage of alcohol is acceptable
Indexed Linked Investment Certificates - haram or not?
Do i need to pay debt i loaned as a kid
Is it permissible to skip taraweeh?
What is the commandment about women veil on working place?
Are there any sources that discuss the permissibility of taking delayed release caffeine pills during Ramadan
Giving to zakat to family member who is in debt
I fell asleep and zuhr finished
Is it allowed to not EAT at suhur and iftar?
When talking about the hardened heart in Islam is it literal or figurative?
I came to Jeddah and then moved to makkah, where should I wear ihraam?
What are the commandments of Islam about Zakat to a relative?
Is it allowed to erase Harakat or Waqf marks from the Quran?
Does Islam consider Jesus to be a prophet and of virgin birth?
Is playing PC games during fast (Ramadan) OK?
I have to get a family tatoo but in the future i might have to convert to islam?
Is the Sunan Abi Dawud Hadith on executing the people of Lut reliable?
Qadha of Salaah and fasts
Volume of voice (loud/quiet/whisper) when reading Quran from mus'haf?
Swallowing small bits of food when the fast starts
What does Islam says about the praying of crippled person?
Difference between tay and tee in quran pronuciation?
What is the reference of the hadith that Isha and Fajr jaamaat are equivalent to Qayaam ul lail?
Is it necessary to perform prostration after reciting verse of prostration (sajda) in Quran?
Zakat on money owed to me
Who is the first person in the Muwatta?
Reading athkar in bed?
Are you at fault for being misguided
How do you wish someone a successful Ramadan
Entreating, beseeching Allah as you are embracing the legs of the table with the intention of making it with as strong as possible feelings
What Do I do If I Miss Suhoor And I Am Also Sick?
Can I recites Quran Pak on mobile phone or any other electronic device in crowd?
Does swimming in pool break the fast?
can i cover the head with a hoodie during salaah
How the teaching of Islam explains why some people suffer and go to Hell etc?
Can't fast during Ramadhan, should I partially fast?
In Ramadan should I not fast for 7 days because of menses?
How often should I pay Zakat?
Which verse abrogates the verse on stoning?
I am proud to be a muslim but i said jesus christ is it shirk. Can it be forgiven?
Delaying Dhuhr prayer after its time but in the time-frame?
verse of 5 breastfeeding
The splitting of the moon: any metaphoric explanation?
Question about the time frame between prayers?
Missed Fajr Azan and continued to eat and realized a moment later that suhoor time has ended; can I still fast?
swallowing excessive saliva while fasting will break your roza or not?
Why is there no worldly punishment prescribed for dealing with interest?
Is it permissible to add a sountrack/music(music only no lyrics) to a video?
Stearyl Alcohol and Urea in my face cream?
Is sexual education in school haram during Ramadan?
Abu Dharr allowed to steal?
Marriage in Islam without the father of the groom
What was supposed to convince the people who lived during middle ages that islam is the truth
Ramadhan Fast without suhoor /sehri
A big and long question about the deeds of the heart
Are we allowed to have one wudu for all five prayers?
Is this the biggest sin that will ever happen? What effects most size of the sin?
Dripping urine on paints during sneezing
Scared of Praying because of Fear of Death
Am I legitimate muslim?
while reciting quran when fart comes is it necessary to do ablution(wudu) again?
What about if you work with alcohol but don't drink it?, is that samething?
Can someone earn living selling haram like alcohol if it thats the only way for him?
Worried I’ve committed shirk?
Can ZamZam water improve a person at a neurological level?
Love towards non believers
Is it permitted to recite the Quran without doing Ghusl?
During Ramadan, may I sleep after making niyyath prior to morning prayer?
To read the Qur'an on a mobile, should I do wudu? Is it complsory?
What Islam says about bride’s presence and public consent during nikah? Is that not mandatory?
Is doing facial exercises to obtain dimples considered changing the creation of Allah?
Is there a dua for when someone repeatedly vandalizes my car cover?
Discharges and wudu
Can a women touch or move quran during her menses?
How were the previous prophets another religion?
You have to perform ghusal when only 2 or 3 drops of sperm release from your body and didn't touch to your clothes?
Authenticity of a hadith regarding Jannah
hadith source please
Drinking of Cold drinks/ fuzzy drinks ( coke, sprite etc) in Islam
Punishment for faker/cheater husband in Islam
Is it necessary to have Mahr Ghair Muajjal given to wife before proceeding suit for restitution of conjugal rights?
Is Qasr (shortening of prayers) allowed when traveling between your own houses?
Source of statement that unqualified Jihad means Jihad by the sword?
Last sermon (khutbatul wada) in Arabic with diacritics (harakat)
Are centuries-old fatawa generally obsolete?
what are the 4 holy books mentioned in the Quran?
What to do when I am in washroom and " Azaan" time happened?
Can I go on a raw vegan diet?
Is fasting invalid if not all prayers were made?
Upcoming Umrah, went on BC but still spotting
what is umrah condition for old women if she had no mehram?
Not doing ramadan for 1 day Please Read
It is allowed in Islam for women to remove unnecessary hairs from face like beard?
Does abuse effect breakage of wudu?
Is women hair cutting prohibited in Islam?
If the husband disappears without a trace, who is obliged to spend on his wife?
Is earning money from link shortener haram or halal?
Manner of correcting spouse
Was the Planet Earth created before the Heavens?
A friend has stolen item and is it haram to hold something stolen
Can she give the zakaah of her wealth to her brother who is sponsored by her father?
Can the mosque accept food for iftar or money for iftar in Ramadan from a non-Muslim?
Forced oath to make someone do something
Can a person stop the undigested wastes inside him and in that condition is it correct to offer the prayer?
Is my fast broken or not?
To what extent is music permissible?
Why did people in the past change the previous books?
Bitting of nails during fast
What are the benefits of Tahujat Namaz?
Is it includes in gunnah/sin to have no knowledge about any matter/work and perform that work on our own desire?
What is Kafoor and How Muslims use this?
Does brushing hamper my fasting?
What is the evidence that the punishment or rewards for deeds during the sacred months is multiplied compared to other months?
Is it allowed to hinder a reconciliation between spouses?
Reference of this hadith?
Websites for getting fatwas?(according to hanafi fiqh)
Zakat on wife who's husband doesn't bear expenses of wife and their child
Going to horoscope pages and channels in order to refute them
What's the Sunnah number of sending blessings to the prophet (ﷺ) daily?
Is ad watching and earning halal?
Masturbation In Ramadan
What is good halal chatting with girlfriend or watching porn?
Fazaail of "GHUSAL"
Did Surah 9:5 abrogate surah 2:256?
Shaitani waswasa and makroohat of ghusl
Respect of children
What was Prophet Muhammad's (PBUH) routine in i'tikaf?
faces drawn or printed on clothes
Can someone pray at the place of another one
Skip fast due to office team outing?
Is Jesus alive or dead?
Using eye drops during fast as a medicine
Hadith Qudsi in Saadi's Gulistan
Engagement during iddat of a girl
Is my fast broken or not if i swim?
2 Witr after Taraweeh
Cutting of tree at hudaibiah where historical pledge took place?
How should I pay zakat on this?
Is it right or wrong to give answer to "Azaan" while in washroom?
Does a cold invalidate fasting and praying?
Is it obligatory to fast after puberty?
how does islam view other religions?
Why wasn't slavery made forbidden just like alcohol was eventually made forbidden?
Hijab and discrimination? I dont want to wear a hijab anymore tbh
Joining jamat after the commencement of salat
Sleep all day in ramadan
What is the correct way of doing istikharah
Can we offer Salat with closed eyes?
Is Mohammad (sm)'s everything sunnah
Is it true that there were verse(s) of the Quran dictating the stoning of adulterers?
Supplication (dua) for sakina
Why does the Quran perscribe only lashing for fornicators but doesn't mention the stoning of adulterers?
Why does Allah create people who will end up in hell?
Is it haram to be with friends that steal
Assalamualaikkum, if someone gives me to eat an improper cost meal, is it Haram to eat without realise it?
Is zakat obligatory on divided gold?
Is it right to offer prayer with naked neck for women?
Washing pure and impure clothes together(not knowing)
Supplication (dua) for minding one's own business
why is the salah area for men and women same in makkah?
How many times or when do we need to make the 'laylatul qadr dua'?
Benefitting the deceased by giving charity on his behalf
Why Shia and Sunnis Salat is different
refrence of hadith telling evil eye overtakes qaddar?
Correct method of "sajda" for women
Applying medicine in mouth will invalidate the fast?
What is the Islamic view of divorce?
How should we divide our worship at night?
Ramadan and Masturbations
Non-Muslims will not accept islam unless Muslims worship with non-Muslims?
Should I pray behind Imam that recites too fast and skips words?
"Illness" during etikaf in Ramadan
Prayer and tashahud
Finding the source of a supplication
In Shia religion, in salat can we give three shadah?
Why do people fall in and out of religion?
Haven’t Started Praying Yet, And Can I use Phone To Read Namaz?
Playing Quran on water
Can your fast break because of madhiyy
Is it permissible to pray while leaning on the wall?
To see a women without any lusty eyes
Number of verses in the Hafs Qur'an & the Warsh Qur'an
Which hadiths do Muslims find authentic?
What did the Prophet (alaihi As-Salat wa As-Salam) offer when worshipped all night?
Question related to tawbah
Which one is Qunut?
Is this a major sin?
Where is term "uswa e hassna" used in quran?
My mother is forcing me not to fast during my exams
Is the letters AS exclusive?
Is it permissible to sit while praying if you started praying standing?
Does fast will be broken after yellow paper wasp bite
Talking to a non mahram because of your work
Is changing lip colour haram?
Is it true our Duas are not accepted for 40 days if we eat Haram food?
Is using audio filters haram?
Variant of 92:3
What's more virtuous, to pray sitting or standing?
What is the meaning of reciting silently?
Word Count per Surah
Authenticity of follwing Hadith e Qudsi
Bad dua on boss?
Will we be ever satisfied in Jannah
Convert to Islam and marriage related issues
What is zina of the heart? What things constitute zina of the heart?
Is it haram to upload Qur'an videos on "inappropriate" sites?
Can a guy have temporary Nikah only for sex
Quran khatm in Ramadan
Are the Qira'ats reliable?
Fasting and Period in Ramadan
Reference to fast for 60 days for each invalidated fasting day
Imagining people nude is a zina of heart but the punishment of zina is of 80 lashes?? Does imagining nude has that punishment
Will Allah swt ever forgive me and answer my duas?
Facial hair and razor
Iblees sayatin knows our thought?
Aoa, Nikkah with deoband tableeghi jamat people haram?
Am i sick enough to not fast?
Zakat on Savings for future house building
Answering "Assalamu Alaikum"
Fasting obligatory fast on friday
Praying salah with intention but in the state of janabah (sexual impurity) will my salah be accepted?
How do you find the reference to a hadith you know exists, but don't have the citation for?
Will my salat be accepted if I don't understand the meaning of what I am reciting?
Forbidden nikah
Can I change my eye colour temporarily?
Do we say Subhanaka dua in congregation in the masjid?
is using a pirated software just for learning allowed and then later buying it when you want to use it for earning money e.g. Adobe , visual studio
How to pay zakat in non-fasting days as a woman?
When should i celebrate Eid
"I refrained from narrating this Hadith......"
Will we gain 27 times more reward praying Taraweeh in Jamat or congregation than praying at home?
I don't understand the story of the man who killed 99
Is it considered a sin to lie about past sin
Full version of dua for beneficial knowledge
What should I do when someone give me money after ending Ramadan?
Durood Sharif and finality of prophethood
The sanctity of life of a kafir
The verse about the disobedience of the iblees
If a Mufti has got knowledge of a crime must he report it to the authorities?
Rules to be considered to be muslim
What are the names of the 30 ajza'?
Is it sinful to use a captions name different than what it is for?
Refrence of hadith of three cave people
Is ghusl or bath required if you have erection without sexual thoughts or masturbation?
Is this riba and how do i fix this?
Is it permissible to give someone money for praying?
Conditions for a Sahih Li Ghairih hadith
How is the marriage contract katb al-kitāb carried out?
Can men pray at home for avoiding the bad smell of people at mosque?
What is the ruling for someone who does other's assignment?
Traslation of صلّى in more contexts pls answer
Can we apply 'Minoxidil' on scalp or face to get proper scalp or beard hair?
Difference between صَلِّ and بَارِكْ after the tashahhud
Not understanding the concept of abrogation (naskh)
Refrence of Quranic verse" muslim slave better than non muslim slave "
Reading sunnat prayers and its importance
Possible translation mistake of islamqa
Praise, Ibaadat, Worship, is there any difference?
Praying while wearing pants with dried urine on it
Is nodding blankly when someone slanders a sin?
Why does the Imam not read out aloud during Zohar and Asar salat?
Money found on road
What should I do as an employee
What's the ruling on eating after Fajr (when fasting) because the Azan was late?
Confused over whether result of my istikhara is positive or negative
Is writting fiction novel Haram in Islam?what about writting romance genre?
Allah's Throne was on Water - Clarification
Can anyone comment this hadith?
Hadith: I pray two prayers only
Who should you obey if your parents contradict each other?
How to seek repentance for cursing someone?
What is a good prayer to get away from abusers?
What's the ruling on delaying Fajr azan?
Why must wudu be done to pray?
Does the traditional Chinese way of wok break-in make wok-based dishes haram?
Is it acceptable to Praying with Animals' logo T shirts
Trying to attain a deeper level of understanding the Quran
Is "uff" to parents haram even if it wasn't said to them?
Changing & the imitation of Allah's creation
Are the following names of the Seven qiraat, along with its transmitters, correct?
When someone fasts, do they have to spit everytime they use a siwak?
What is exactly meant by كرامت/keramet
Leave the 'fools'
Differences Within Religion
If you desire to show off acts of worship but don't act on them, is it still sinful?
How to interprete the "tabaqat الطبقات" categories in books on Jarh wa Ta'adil
Do the souls sleep in their graves?
Is it halal to become a plastic surgeon in the modern world?
Would Allah accept your good deeds if your intention is only to recieve rewards?
wife clothing in islam infront of her husband
Is breaking promise and heart bad?
Nikah after zina
Our worship or lack of it neither adds nor lessens Allah's Mightiness
Hadith that asks to be wary of Huffaz
What/which are Hadiths about optimism?
In jannah could i create my own world? Or enter a world from like a cartoon show? Even go back in time?
Earning as a YouTube music producer
Buying a house with interest?
Metaphor in Quran?
Zakat on Shares
Do Prophet Muhammad (SAW) hear us when we say السلام عليك ايها النبي in our prayer?
Slaughter houses within Haram boundaries
Accountability towards a Sin
Quran: 7:143 translation
If they hadith says there are seven styles, why do people say there are 10 qiraat or such?
Qadar and Prayer
Diversiry in the human race, how is it possible with 2 humans?
Gambling in video games?
Perfect way of giving azaan to baby
Is it acceptable to place the elbows on my thighs and knees during supplication because of tiredness?
What is Reference of this hadith?
Is whiskey/beer without alcohol haram?
Doing dhikr in these manner?
Will it be haram to earn money by lying while negotiating a (buying) deal
Is alcohol based vinegar allowed
Are 'rahman' and 'ghafoor' synonymous or different according to Islamic literature?
Are there any dua's to help getting married to someone?
Does reading ‘wallahi’ require an expiation?
Is this bid'ah? Is this allowed
Investment Question - Does donating the haram profit from an investment make the rest halal?
Do we hate iblis or only his bad actions? Is it strictly forbidden to hate someone as a creature including ibliss? Is all hatred illness of heart?
Is it allowed not to hate anyone including the most evil creatures?
Is this action shirk?
Is it haraam to work indirectly for riba based firms?
Would it be impermissible for me to get married?
Taraweeh or Salat after Ramadan
Must the fasts for Kaffarah of breaking an oath be consecutive?
Is this a type of shirk?
Praying with the urge to urinate
Do the lip balms we use have to be halal?
Who said the last part of "Bukhari 2287," Umar (رضي الله عنه) or our beloved Prophet (صلى الله عليه واله وسلم)?
Can you do prostituion if you are starving and have no way to support yourself?
'Awrah for men in Islam
Is public disclosure of wealth prohibtted in Islam? Are there any evidences in the sunnah?
Stuck on which option to do
I’m so scared and stuck
Bad thoughts from shaytaan
Are any of the claims about the Quran in this skeptics post accurate?
What's the ruling on pray behind an imam that doesn't recite with Tajweed?
Why would Allah punish people he himself set seals on?
Who will remain in hell even after being a Muslim?
Which rewaya has the shortest madd?
Using anime character image as wallpaper with intention of motivation
what is meaning of these hadith?
Is doubting shirk?
Qadr of Allah (SWT)
Are Ankles to be covered for women? if not, till what extent the garment can be(above the ankles)?
Does memorizing the Qur'an, but parts of it in different rewayat still make you a Hafiz?
What is the reference of the Hadith about the leader and army who will conquer Constantinople?
What was religion of Adam (A.S)?
Exactly how much do I need to do?
What is number of possibilities of cases in Inheritance can occur while distributing inheritance according to the Quran?
Why will they ask question if Allah knows everything?
Approximately, how many years before marrying muhammad was Aisha engaged to jubayr ibn Mutim?
Volontary fasting rewards and tavelling
What is rewayat?
What is debt in islam?
Dealing in Interest while Living in a Non-Muslim Country
If someone forgot to read Surah Al-Kahf on Friday, can they read it on Saturday?
is it permissible to do wudhu based on Quran alone?
What is the meaning of "ذ‌‍ٰلك" in Quran 2:2?
What is the reference for the hadith الله الله في أصحابي?
Salah in a room of picture
Is homosexuality or bisexuality allowed for women?
Taxation Norms in a Non Muslim Country
Is contacting a shop without your parents knowing wrong?
Should you treat your daughters better than your sons?
Being friends with non-muslims who speak/do haram
Can I be in paradise if I don't return borrowed thing?
Does the Quran forbid hadith?
Marriage in islam
If shirk comes through waswaas, do we get accountable for it?
Is everything vegan.automatically halal?
Searching/finding hadith on Google?
Talking in your mind
The importance of digit 7 in islam
Is this action shirk because it has showing off?
Take interest and give away stuff instead
How do prayer time calculations calculate when to adjust times in persistant twilight?
Where in the Quran is Jesus' appearance described?
Is PHOTOGRAPHY halal or haraam?
Can you use a camera?
Madhab of the salaf and the 4 madahib (Maliki, Shafi'i, Hanbali, Hanafi)
Does Allah punish people on this earth?
Halal marriage and sex for non muslims
thinking about having sex
Is being ftm haram
Is buying halal from a shop that also sells haraam allowed?
Application/program nudity filtering nudity
Does this action fall under riyaa or waswaas?
Why is this difference in order of namaz and fasting?
Did Prophet ever perform salat just before going to sleep
Zakat on vacant land plots
Scholars nowadays seem to have a reservoir of knowledge and brain on islamic sciences. Why then are the first 3 generations the most knowledgeable?
Can Muslims give their children non-Muslim names?
If Allah exposes some sin of someone, does it mean Allah hates that person?
Can I masturbate after marriage if I'm not satisfied with my wife?
Is this hadith Sahih?
Medallion translation
Is it wrong to not want children?
Can I work in a company that provides solutions to the bank?
Does blood that comes from your lips nullify your fast?
Can 3D printed food be considered halal?
Is Watching TV Series and Reading Comics Haram
What's status of illegitimate child in Islam?
Splitting of the Moon By Prophet Muhammad (PBUH)
Is doing illegal stuff haram?
Can i Marry my sister's, husband's niece (whom i have no blood ties with)
Can I Draw Living Things Without Heads?
How to differenciate thoughts?
I need large information on issue of heart. Why it looks sometimes as if sins soften the heart and prevent much bigger sins etj...?
Will allah punish people who cheat others
What is the reference of this saying/quote?
did you break your wudu?
360 joints in the body?
Are this hadith authentic?
Do waswas increase in evil and intensity with the increase of sins and decrease with the decrease of sins?
Do I have to redo my ghusl if there was still semen pouring out?
Is a fast valid if the Muslim made the intention to fast on Monday, without knowing whether Monday is tomorrow or such?
Can someone please give me the hadith for this?
What will happen to iblees?
if you break an oath and do kaffarah and then break oaths again, does it need a kaffarah?
Explanation of Quran chapter 24 verses 6 -9
Quote of Umar being corrected by a female in friday sermon
What's the reason behind the arrangement of "Indeed in that are signs for..."?
Is mutah allowed with woman and her daughter both
There were no clocks 1400 years ago, why do we care so much about exact timings of Adhan and prayer, etc time today?
Can the poor be punished for stealing out of poverty?
Homosexual encounter with man
Why didnt Prophet bring any new scientific discovery to enhance peoples life?
Is size of sin reflective of size of conceitedness(pride)? Is every minor sin conceitedness because it contains disobeying Allah?
Marrying a second woman behind your wife's back: is it wrong and can Quran/Hadith prove this?
Mary, the mother of Jesus and sister of Aaron?
What if one remains in limit in the relationship during these days?
Alcohol has positive aspects. Putting aside aspect of sin, will the singer be rewarded for the fact that he is entertaining and making happy millions?
Native Americans before Columbus. Are their sins written by the angels according to Islamic law or the polytheistic religion they belonged to?
Why do Muslims kill other Muslims?
Authenticity of a narration
Should I ask forgiveness alone or say ameen to Imam when he asks Dua in laylathul qadr night?
Does any game of chance (or games that use an element of chance) fall under the category of haram dice games?
Kaaba and Idolotry
what is the shortest stand alone word in Quran and also in Arabic
I want to change my eye colour
Stating lie as a part of job
Did God revealed the name of himself on similarities?
If a child who is 7 years old and has not reached the age of puberty realizes that something is bad and unfair and still does so, is it written as sin
I know that people that don't know Islam are justified with ignorance? But can every sin be justified with ignorance?
How do i know when it is forbidden to pray fajr?
Do women need to check their menstruation before Fajr to see if they are required to also pray the previous night Isha?
Is laylat-al-Qadr not a fixed date for different region?
Allah's Intervention
What would be the way to say "Have a good Hajj" to someone who is about to travel to Saudi Arabia for their Hajj?
Can I commit zina if people won't marry their daughters to me due to my financial status?
Having off springs in Islam
Are illnesses of heart caused by sins alone and nothing else?
Where can I find the reason of classing this hadith as Da’if by Al-Albani?
Is reciting Qur'an like Yasser Al-Dossari, Nasser Al-Qatami, etc, forbidden of makruh?
What should a Muslim writer be mindful of when writing fiction
Is it a sin if my actions cause others to swear?
How to repent if one has wronged another person?
Should I refrain from trimming pubic and facial hair if I want to offer a sacrifrice?
Can a lady stipulate in the nikah contract that her husband may not enter into polygamy?
Is this hadith about hanging the whip authentic?
What does "make dua for us" mean?
Are Ja'jooj Ma'jooj second after Dajjal in terms of wickedness, degree of kufr, infidelity and sins?
Dhikr isn't giving me dramatic improvement in all spheres of life. Why not?
Can I exchange notes to coins but for a lower amount?
Must you commit outer sins for inner sins to be activated or it's possible for inner sins pride,jealousy to be activated even when you reading Quran!
Is the following Hadith authentic?
Have i committed riba or is it fixed?
Can you do wudhu with hair clips on? Do you have it take it off? Will your wudhu be accepted if you do wudhu without removing one hairclip?
Relating to Money in 4:29
What is the authenticity of (shi'a) hadith books beyond the four books known as al-Kutub al-Arba'a الكتب الأربعة?
Is being a sunni or having sunni toughts a reason not to be reliable as a hadith narrator (shi'a hadith)?
Is there any Hadith that indicates that preventing someone from going to the mesjid is haram?
Hatred is expressed outwardly through deeds. Do we have any control over the quantity of inner feelings of hatred towards iblis or ordinary shaytans?
Can someone explain the meaning of the following Hadith?
Ghusl and nail paint on hairs
about pointing one's feet towards first qibla
Is it sinful to imagine a statement that is kufr? Not waswas (The intention is to imagine a kufr statement) What is the level of sin in each case?
The requirement of a spiritual guide does not make sense
To raise hands or not after standing up from Ruku?
What is the strongest opinion on masah of the neck in the Maliki madhhab?
Is it permissible to maintain a personal diary or journal?
In which hadith or qu'ranic verse is the following in?
A nasheed with an oath
Is this showing off?
Is it haram to look at female faces if it wasn't with desire?
Is this a form of theft (or riba)?
Is there a concise resource that describes the similarities and differences between the sects?
If the imam of the Eid al-Adha prayer is poor can he sacrifice an animal in place of somebody else?
How do i know when my menses has fully ended?
How common is addressing someone by their mother's name in Islamo-arabic culture?
What does this Hadith mean?
The number of Prophet Muhammad's name
3.marker.challenge. is this haraam？
Why there is no Eid-Ul-Adha on same day
Why can't Muslims eat food offered by non-Muslims?
Is there any Hadith or Quranic verses regarding tyrant rulers?
Marriage or no marriage
Telepathy and what Islam says about it?
Iam a single man and everyday I ejaculate is it haram or halal?
Threesome with two wives
Using sex toys at jima
Food in jahanam
Teenager questions Is my fajr prayer valid?
Is an ill person allowed to enter a mosque if the disease is contagious?
Did all Muslims -of a time- ever start fasting or celebrating their 'Id's on the same day after the time of the Prophet?
Is this debt? What is debt?
Is Etoro Halal?
Is God an Abstract Idea?
Can I marry and divorce two sisters every 2 years so that I can be with them both?
Do grandchildren get property share if their father and grandfather is dead?
Need loan to expland business operation
What is the Name of this qari?
Is it bad or sin to have accessories with animated pictures on?
Is my father allowed not to distribute his property to his daughters while alive?
On the Torah being authentic
Is it allowed to say ameen when imam asks Dua after every prayer?
Is it forbidden to put cloth on one's mouth while praying?
Why was the Prophet (ﷺ) afraid that Allah would throw a person in the Fire?
If Jinn can manipulate real life objects as in Solomon story, why don't they conquer us?
Is there any difference in pronounciation between these two?
Is this kufr and blasphemous?
My father gets angry every time I pass Salam. Does that mean I should stop saying Salam when he's around?
Was passing the river the only trial for the soldiers of Talut (Saul)?
What does our Prophet mean here! Explanation of the Hadith: Bukhari, Volume 8, Book 73, Number 53, Al-Adab
Is the prayer valid without reciting Attahiyat?
Is Zakat payable if there is no source of income
taking loan on self for a person, while taking royalty of 6% of loan. will this be haram?
Nikah valid or not (Situation specific)
Is there Salatul Janaza for a Hafiz?
Dreams are 1/46 of Prophethood; what are the remaining 45/46?
"Dua is not always about the fulfillment of our wishes"
How to write a moral story when I'm not sure if I can live up to those morals all the time?
Is it haram to fake my age online?
I need to comprehend the definition of deliberately bringing kufr thoughts to mind. All the cases. Please may Allah reward you
What is the correct method of washing the nose in wudu?
Can I make a promise to Allah to do somethings in return for my wish to come true? Because I really need Allah's help 
Are incomplete refunds haram?
Why didn't the sahaba kill the Dajjal?
Wishing Hell on Opressive Parents and Older brother
There is an encyclopedia of evils that are tastier than honey. Is it a major sin to like evil? Is it a major sin to dislike goodness?
Making video and picture of grave
What age to bring kids to graveyard
List of names of ancestors of Prophet Muhammad(Peace be Upon him) upto ADAM(Peace be upon him)?
What is the authenticity of a narrative in which bells were ordered to be removed from camels during the Battle of Badr (Musnad Ahmad)?
Are people committing shirk when they say the world is ending?
Repenting from misguiding people
Can i pray in just a night gown at home?
Which dhikr expiates more sins?
Is the hadith of Ibn Abbas about six haram things authentic?
I have enumerated this 2 dhikrs in 1 hour.What is better, saying 5000 times astagfirullah or 176 times the greatest dua for forgiveness? Allahume ente
Difference between rehman and al rehman
4 things dangerous for emaan?
Maths Or Islam?
Does grave sand eating gives sense of calm?
Conversations with vulgar words
What is the concept of soul in islam
From where does a Mufassir get his interpretation from?
Ruling on the game “Minecraft”
Is reading the bible equivalent to deliberately bringing blasphemous thoughts to mind
Why is marriage considered a happy moment for couple's relatives in Islam?
Did pagan tribes use bells in their worship?
Where to buy hardcover al-Kutub al-Arbaʿah? (Shia Hadith collection - The Four books)
All I wanted to know is whether this is kufr or not. Sinful or not
About wearing aqeeq and feroza stone on same hand
Is it haram to make images of solar systems and rockets?
What is our community's stand on Inviting non Muslim friends to join this community?
Searching for help in my relationship Islamic wise
Is Jamaat allowed in home?
Tayammum and gusl doubt
Selling an item that gives more money than you bought it
Is it halal to take a riba-based loan for someone else, and receive fees for this?
Is it possible for an expat living in UAE to go to Umrah by road?
Islam about masturbating
Clothing for women in Islam
Is it called deliberate only when you bring to mind with a bad intention, or it is deliberate even if you only intend to remember an event?
Are corporate doctors sinful?
The story of the six Muslims who fought against rasulallah alongside the kuffar and died
Is the claim that Qabil started worshipping fire authentic?
What is required to get islamically marry abroad (not the country of the bride or the groom)?
Can we manifest on moon phases according to islam?
Jamaat namaz attaining
Praying namaz in a single garment sahih Bukhari
Can Muslims take part in human genomic editing for disease treatment?
Is it permissible to change the speed of recitation while reciting?
Is it permissible to walk (change one's place) while praying?
