What is the basic knowledge before starting Japanese language lesson?
Explain how 向{む}く "to face" can take "上{うえ}" as a direct object using を?
Kanji identification
Some words I'm not understanding
Is there a kanji for しか?
～った with a noun (生い立ち > 生い立った) - what's really going on?
What is a good idiom for 'not being invested'?
What does だ mean at the end of a sentence or following a noun
What is the difference in usage between 夜【よ】 and 夜【よる】？
What is the origin of ポイ as in "タバコのポイ"?
Can you use the polite form ます with ので?
present perfect tense in Japanese
Why are points used where furigana would be normally?
Making sense of 「出てったって待ってて」
Translation of 魔法みたいあなたしか見えない全てが初めての私
Meaning of 「神様、仏様、X様」
Whats the difference between ぜひ and もちろん
What does the sentence ending particle や mean?
What is the difference between 経験 and 体験?
Questions about `〜はる` 敬語
Are 万葉仮名 (man'yōgana) chosen consistently?
What does this mean (second part of the sentence)?
Can an average Japanese person read 草書 style calligraphy?
Why should I use つかれました and not つかれたです
Difference between なり (meaning 'either.. or...') and か (meaning 'or')
Does this “が” mean “but”? What is the difference between 習うと思う and 習おうと思う?
What does の頃【ころ】 mean in this sentence?
Usage of passive form
Appropriate context for お前【まえ】
How do you say "funny"?
Meaning of また今度、使ってくれよな
This usage of 方 confuses me
Is there a Japanese word for "area with a collection of izakaya stalls or booths"?
What do young Japanese mean by セクハラ?
Is there a difference between 'hanasu' written 離す versus 放す?
What is the difference between 一旦～ and ～が最後?
How should I say: When we talk, it sounds like we are singing
How do I say: "I thought everyone liked AKB48"
What is the difference between 嫌{きら}う and 嫌{いや}がる?
What does this person mean by "doryo" in this context?
How to say copyrighted material in Japanese?
トライしてみて. Usage?
Can 対 be used in Japanese where "Versus" would be used in English?
is "こっかい" a heteronym?
Introductions and grammar
Confusion with Japanese particle と in its multiple uses
Translating the statement: X is very common
Is there difference between 大事／大した
How would one say A implies B in Japanese?
Confusion with それだけ in these lyrics
Same word - written with kana and kanji in two places in the same paragraph. Why?
Differences between それとも ・または・もしくは・あるいは
How should I parse に従がって強制?
Differences in usage between する and やる
～としたら - when exactly used and what's the difference from other "if" structures
How are Japanese company division, section or department names translated?
Clarification needed - みたい (みたいな)
Please help me understand these sentences: それで？　いつになれば俺のお嫁さんになってくれる？
How to choose the right kanji from several choices?
ふるさと (home town, birthplace) uses which kanji - 古里 or 故郷?
What does "ma i te na" mean in japanese?
How to say "I will just let future me deal with it" in Japanese?
Are these phrases interchangeable? に関して, に対して, において, について, における
What does it mean to write wasei-eigo and gairaigo in Romaji?
What do we know about the phonetic distinctions between the 甲類 and 乙類 syllables in 上代特殊仮名遣い?
さまよう vs ぶらつく vs うろつく for the sense of "to wander"?
Is the direct object implied in this translation? Or does it seem unnatural?
Why 罪人＝犯罪者のこと、not just 犯罪者？
How to thank somebody for their hospitality?
What to say at the cash register in the convenience store
Is answering with simple ない grammatically correct, when saying I physically don't possess some object
What is でれでれ (spoony)?
What kind of Japanese is this?
Which is more colloquial for "I have a headache"?
Are ～つ and ～り the only two counters that can occur with the native Japanese numbers (ひと～, ふた～, etc)?
Particle に used with ～て頂いてありがとう
Etymology of 宵【よい】
When to use 〜す verbs or their する verb counterparts
Is this seat being chased, or is the person in it being chased from it?
"Alumi can" and "aru mikan" pun in Space Brothers anime
Meaning of ~つもりではいる in that sentence
How do you write "share" (as in "tell others") in Japanese?
does it make sense to talk about サ変名詞{さへんめいし} as 他動詞{たどうし} or 自動詞{じどうし}?
Verbing to form 五段 verbs: does it only generate ラ行 verbs?
This mother doesn't know her own child?
Difference between the words for "feeling"
How can I use できない and しまう？ I'd like to apologize for not being able to do something
What do you use for a general-purpose counter when there are more that 10?
Meaning of と and 少しでも　in this sentence
Xの担当 - something X is in charge of OR something in charge of X?
Kanji radicals: Question to the radical assignment in dictionaries
Run-in with an odd use of kanji 「供膳」
Kanji stroke type (not stroke order)
How do I express "this made me laugh"?
Choosing the right form of "to dry"
How do I translate this small passage about make-up, depression, and Alzheimer?
Meaning of ~するとみる and よくばる in this sentence
On the legibility of Japanese writing (compared to the Latin alphabet with its variable letter height) – What's the correct kana height?
Variations on sentence-ending 「〜だと!?」 (used when repeating something in surprise)
What is this sentence using ～たら～たで trying to say about televisions and computers?
Why does this store named サァラ have a small ァ in the name?
硬い・堅い・固い - how are different spellings used?
Wanting Someone To Do Something (てほしい Structure)
What is the は doing in this sentence?
"どうしようもない" or "どうしよう__の__もない", or neither?
formal state of being
How can I come to terms with the animate/inanimate distinction in Japanese?
Need small clarification regarding this use of 遊び
On the two words, several pronunciations, and many spellings for "sake cup"
Opposite of 歯止め?
How should we read/translate long sentences that end in a question?
Is there a "right" or "best" way to write this Okinawan expression for "cheers"?
To be polite, say "おいくらですか" and not "いくらですか"?
Translating “Walk your own path. Let people talk.”
Handwriting liberties
How do you use 教わる【おそわる】?
What is the difference between どのぐらい and どれぐらい?
Can't understand the 指すもの for それ
非ぼく, 非かえるくん - how to translate 非 in this context?
What does ハイツ mean in building names in Japan?
What does the name Chacha (チャチャ) mean?
Use of こそ. What words is it replacing here?
What does ～ましょう　～おうmean when you say it to no one
How do I parse やめときます?
Does "名詞{めいし}" mean "noun", "形容詞{けいようし}" mean "adjective", etc
穿る vs ほじる vs ほじくる
What purpose did the kanji read "たいと" (雲雲雲龍龍龍) serve?
How to read single stand-alone language-name kanji?
Does Japanese have a silent ん?
Kana causing translation difficulty: 「きれている」
All the uses of わけ?
How do I correctly display furigana?
How to call this framing problem in Japanese?
Choosing the right prefix of the ko-so-a-do series
What is a euphemism for "slurred speech"?
Why is this [二番目]{に・ばん・め} counter used for a person?
Is there a relationship between ~たところで and するところだった?
What is the difference between と, たら and 時【とき】?
Translation of することになっている
What is wrong with お書きになられたり?
Causative-Passive Verbs: Vせられる and Vされる
Which verb for "get off" / "leave" the Shuto Expressway?
"I went for a run" - how to say this in Japanese?
What's the appropriate 挨拶 for e-mails to a friend and for e-mails to customer service?
How 聞いてた differs from 聞いた in this context?
なんどもあります　OR　たくさんあります？
ち suffix I've never heard of before
What does "死ぬ事は不正直である。" mean?
What is the correct Japanese translation for "pull down to refresh" in an app context?
「かみなりもん」 vs. 「らいもん」
Help identifying low-res kanji (and perhaps words) on a low-res album cover
Meaning of お願い出します
Meaning of 資料共 in the context of web conferencing
Usage of 「なり」 with nouns
-ei/-you alternation in some kanji: what's going on?
Why do song lyrics frequently include rare kanji or kanji where kana would usually be used?
What is the verb for gardening?
しかも and なお both mean "furthermore; in addition; nevertheless" but here they are used together
How to say "Is it worth a visit?"
Need help with understanding Ｘ ことは Ｘ construction
How to say “Taking Japanese class has been fun” using 〜ものだ
Difference between かおり and におい
〜たい form vs. 〜てほしい
水疱 vs 火脹れ vs 水脹れ vs 肉刺
How to know when I should use katakana form words referring to animals, lesser creatures, or other organisms?
Do Japanese have a similar expression for "the list goes on"?
Particles に, で for temporal vs spatial location
Does なりやした mean なりました?
How do I translate the names of types of school, without reference to the US school system?
Difference Between 僕たち and 僕ら?
「やる」Uses and definition
Intuitive or logical way to know when to use a kanji spelling vs hiragana spelling?
How to say "Indicates something that is not easy for one to do."
Isn't ずらっと並んでいる redundant?
What's the etymology and/or reasoning behind 目撃?
What's the difference between そうかな and そうなんだ?
Sentence (question) ending かい - how is it different from just か?
Why is there an unmatched parenthesis in this title?
Question about mixed kana in おススメ
受ける Usage (Translation)
Usage of て Form Plus も (Translation)
Prefix お for names - how is it used?
How to Make a Large 々 With the Keyboard
Is there a general purpose equivalent for the "agent suffix" -er of English?
Inequality symbols in Japanese writing
On the two equivalents on maps of "you are here" (現在地{げんざいち} and 現在位置{げんざいいち})
What nuance does ガールフレンド have?
In which terms, if any, is へつ used as an On-reading of the character 閉?
The use of passive voice to describe the Emperor's activities
What are the origins of the names of tanuki and kitsune noodle dishes?
How does one use しめしめ?
How does one express "late" or "lateness"?
Why is an anachronistic modern conjugation thrown into the lyrics of 軍艦行進曲?
When is it acceptable to use "Newspaper grammar"?
How do I say "without (noun)" using なしに or なしで?
How to hear the difference between て and で, た and だ, か and が, etc.?
Apparent reversals of conjugation patterns in classical 形容詞 and 動詞, origin?
How would one emulate capitalized letters in Japanese?
The usage of でも
How to parse 友だちに〜聞かせられた?
Sentence ending in かも・・・ what is the meaning?
How do I determine the indirect object of a command?
What is the difference between んじゃない and んだ?
What does 臨海学校 mean?
ブラウザ or ブラウザー? Words borrowed from English which end with -er
How do you say "I worked for [X company]."?
Plain form as imperative
Can 複合動詞{ふくごうどうし} ever not have [送]{おく}り[仮名]{がな} placed between the 2 kanji？
How is「第3位を四捨五入」deconstructed to mean "round up to 2 decimal places"?
Pronunciation of 七々々 in this name?
How to express "X is the most important for Y"?
How to say "I hope you liked it" or "I hope you found it interesting" as a conclusion for a formal speech?
わけ accompanied by な particle
S1 と S2 conditional S2 being in past tense
is 指関節{しかんせつ} a "normal" japanese word or a rare technical one?
How do native speakers "read" single-kanji signs when those kanji are not also standalone words?
遣{つか}う vs. 費{つい}やす
How can transitive and passive be combined in 茎を編んで作られる?
このままで: translation
How to express "Today I would like to talk about X" when opening a speech
Question about ようにと
The use of "で" and "を” in this sentence
How are the noun 方【へ】 and the particle へ related?
What are the differences between すぐ、もうすぐ、すぐに?
Translation Help with Passive Sentence
Nature Translation
Translation Help with 思うと and よかった思います
Is しゃぶしゃぶ typically written in hiragana rather than katakana?
When do I use できます as opposed to わかります in a sentence?
What is the difference between using こと and かた in a sentence with できます and わかります?
How to correct myself or somebody else when speaking
How to say "To start liking something"
Looking Up Whether 御 Is Read お or ご
について Usage and Honorifics Subject
What does 字以外に mean?
Can the volitional form be used when the speaker is not intending to do the action themselves?
分類{ぶんるい} / 種類{しゅるい} / 類い{たぐい} ～ "kind" / "sort" / "type"
Meaning of "とも思う"
Why is the particle の used instead of が in these phrases?
てらんない- can't bear to do ~
Difference between ～そう and ～見える when saying "how something looks" / "what something looks like"
Talking about system scalability in Japanese
Is there a term for words that share the same kana spelling?
Improved romanisation of Katakana
How to write about something in the future where something will have happened
What are ある and わけ in 「どこにでもあるわけではありません」?
What does 「ＶほうもＶほうだ」 mean?
In concrete terms, what does 惣菜 mean?
How to interpret indirect passives?
Which words can be pronounced as either -aai or -awai?
What are the differences between 衣類, 衣服 and 服
よると or よれば？ Which one is "according to"?
Japanese without Kanji
Why do 為る【する】 and 為す【なす】 use the same kanji as 為【ため】?
What does セレブ mean these days?
Does my translation of "I want to bring your art to life." make sense?
センスで嗅覚も研ぎ澄ます - "sense of sense of smell?" Why use センス?
Correct particle usage: を or は?
Should I use スタート for "start a new game" or something else?
What does ちょーなー mean?
Structure and meaning of もう少しなんとかならんかったもんかね
What's the meaning of にあたって/にあたり? How can I translate it?
Verb + うる form. What is this?
Volitional + が ; ~おう + が
Difference between 建てられた and 建てました?
What are some different ways to use これから?
Preferred beginner's term for "flight"?
When do I have to use 午{ご}前{せん}中{ちゅう} and 朝{あさ}?
Is the 月-like radical in 前{まえ} identical to 月?
手ぇ & つないで meaning and translation help
When is "事" used instead of こと for past experiences?
What does にと do?
「の」followed by 「...なき」
てはいけない or ては行けない?
Is it correct to write その方がいい, or do you have to write そのほうがいい?
Usage of -さ with そうな
What do ジャンルくじイラスト and デリケートなジャンル mean?
Is "義理" the proper term in this case?
"Automatic Doors Don't Open For Him"
Describe past events with "clause+と+clause", single vs multiple occurences
I am struggling with the sometimes conflicting uses of 先
ゆく used in auxiliary sense - instead of いく?
「の」in「お嫁さんにしたいの好き」
"bigger number + から + smaller number" and the omission of 「まで」
Meaning of となら and とやら in these sentences
Meaning of まんまと in this sentence
When can どうも be used as 'hello'?
How to begin a reply to a question?
How to say pork loin in Japanese
Perceiving Initial r in names likes 隆介（りゅうすけ） and 綾（りょう）
What word is a good replacement for から used as "because" in informal speech?
When to use 出て来る over 出る
Iterative / repetitive る evolving from classical 連体形【れんたいけい】
Please help me understand [予習]{よ・しゅう}
Is "お寿司屋さん" personification?
Does くだく mean “destroy”? What does いい mean at the beginning of a line?
What is the meaning of: 「ばえていくけん」?
What's the difference between 降{ふ}る and 落{お}ちる?
Nouns exhibiting vowel fronting
chart for interrogative words
Using "page" in these sentences? (using counters and の to modify a noun)
Is there any merit to the claim that Japanese and Tamil are genetically related languages?
Why are 来る and する irregular?
Interrogative for only two choices?
Mora count for 思ふ in Classical Japanese?
Why does 背く sound like そむふ in this sentence?
Does Japanese have free indirect speech?
A little question about polite Japanese
「思う」 in 「その人を私のように　思う」：think v.s. feel
Where does the phrase Ichikabachika (一か八か) come from?
In technical usage, is there any difference between 間投詞 and 感動詞?
Why does the grammar structure for "I think [statement]" work the way it does?
Noun+Adjective - What are the rules/usages?
Are all 3 sentences the same?
Difference between 間【あいだ】 and 間【ま】
What is the ど in やけど?
Are there any restrictions on the usage of the て-form as a continuation?
実在する "to exist" or "to be real"?
How to classify the non-standard reading of "お土産{みやげ}"?
Usage of よって in this sentence
Other meaning of 訪れる
Use of です or あります in the sentence それは椅子
Is 「たくなった」 a typo or a grammatical structure that is different than I think it is?
What is シ●ブ, and why is it censored？
How do you express "In exchange/In return"?
出身はどこ vs. どこの出身
五年ぶり、ぶり返す、。。。What does ぶり mean?
Origins of -ちゃん
Topic は vs. direct object を for "I have never X"
What is the difference between 護る and 守る?
How can this sentence using 次 be in the past tense?
小さな vs 小さい/大きな vs 大きい
Is there a way to express "I'm lost" (in a metaphorical sense)
ものには… in 「ものには順序というものがある」 Some hidden word or phrase?
"the cows were happy and friendly": is "親しい" the right word?
どういう in Place of Other Question Words
What is 引っ越しハガキ?
Is 拒絶反応対受け入れ a grammatically correct way to say "acceptance versus rejection"?
What's the difference between 彼【かれ】 and あちら?
Asking "have you tried X" or "have you ever Y"?
What words most commonly follow どういう?
What does 「など」 mean in this context?
Why do Japanese businessmen use 「さん」 even with うち names in meetings with foreigners
Is 「出なくては。」 the same as 「出なくてはいけない。」?
What does "湯冷ましを兼ねて" mean?
Meaning of よりまし in バンパー外すよりまし
How do the verbs 得る and もらう differ?
Having trouble parsing this triple negative sentence
How do I make sense of this use of だったのである?
-sou + negative past - what is the meaning? e.g. 行けそうで行けなかった場所, 解けそうで解けなかった謎
What does it mean when この is in front of a personal pronoun?
What is the difference between 美しき and 麗しき？
Is verb ending ない shortened to ん?
Do 形容詞 have a 未然形 in Classical Japanese?
Development of なんか？
Usage of ていられない
What are those symbols above the racing cars?
Is there a reason why numbers in Japanese are delimited into blocks of four?
What causes loan words to displace native words for existing concepts?
How to parse 汚れた物ででもあるかのように、捨てるように
Are anaphoric personal pronouns limited to the third person (彼, 彼ら etc)?
Difference between 特別 and 特
Is there a difference between 平和 and 平安
Use of 今ごろ "about now" in Japanese
Why doesn't Japanese have a special Katakana form for "hu"?
後で vs. 前に. Why not the same particle?
When to use で vs に vs nothing at all
Who is the subject of 止まらない胸の歪を消しておくれよ
Counters for graphs in oral presentations?
Introduce someone to someone else
Two を in a single sentence - how to understand it?
Why does 「でならない」 not mean "does not become"?
The different meanings of "life"? 生気／生活／ライフ／生命／一生／人生／命
Why no 移民者【いみんしゃ】?
Why is ホームシック a noun, not a な-adjective?
あかひげ [赤髭] modern usage?
Does the use of 百足 as ateji for ムカデ come from calquing "centipede" (or a cognate)?
Use of Causative-Passive Form and ために in this example
Difference between そうです、 ようです and らしいです.
Meanings and translation of 「いいように」
むやみに equivalents : 勝手に vs よく考えないで
Difference between してください and なってください in this sentence
Origin of katakana ン (カタカナの「ン」の字源)
When using もう and まだ does a negative verb always have to be in the (ている) present continuous form?
Difference between 書かないようになった and 書かなくなった?
Passive voice (~あれる) + Te form?
Verb classification of honorific/humble verbs
What does「英」really mean?
Dating slang question based on a Murakami story
Does「いとこ違い」mean "first cousin once removed" in Japanese?
‥ができないと vs ‥はできないと
Difference between the words for "living/residing" [住む/棲む/泊まる/暮らす]
naming a school headquarters
病院に行きます　or 病院へ行きます?
Is "リア充" (Riajuu) interchangeable with "playboy"?
さて vs. そして: When should you use one or the other?
Word difference question - reply (返事 vs 返信)
What do you do if a genkoyoshi line ends with e.g. す。」?
Do you need です before から at the end of sentence?
When is よう written in kanji as 様?
Difference between 便利/不便 and 都合がいい/悪い
Difference between と and や～など
How do jokes with "だけに" work?
On 原稿用紙, when are ゛ and ゜ (ten-ten and maru) supposed to occupy a square of their own?
How to say "all in all"
can かbe repeated [noun] か +　かと思うような?
トウモロコシ: Why kana? What is the etymology?
What's the difference between 建てる and 築く?
住んでいたい and 住みたい
What does 熟合する mean?
Is the Japanese verb 'ちらばります’ an intransitive verb or not?
A Deeper Look Unto て, で and は
How to tell the difference between と as "and"/a conditional?
How often will a katakana term have an equivalent kanji spelling?
Is this は replacing が or を? (& is this 悪 read as あく or わる？）
Are kanji typically used in times and dates?
What does "随分仲" mean in 「彼氏と随分仲が良い」?
What's the difference between these two words for "efficiency"? 能率/効率
What's the difference between 図る、測る、計る、量る、諮る、謀る?
Surprising noun order involving the の particle
What's with all the possible kanji for とる?
準備が出来ている-Meaning and Explanation
In what ways do Japanese children overgeneralize conjugation patterns?
"naku" suffix and "o" prefix?
What does 死者は何も語らない mean?
Pronunciation: Ｗ杯?
ってんだ with imperative
How to read 連体形 + 上
よ after nouns in songs
Meaning of 指摘しない程度に
When should I use ～ている vs. ～ています?
When/why would one write a word using 直音表記?
Is there a name for the promotional packs of tissues peculiar to Japan?
Long phrase translation: あの子とも違う秘密を持ったみたいで後ろめたい気分だ
What does 気が遠い mean?
What does 持った mean?
How to Pronounce 化学 "Chemistry"?
Words that have been borrowed twice, with different pronunciations?
Etymology of ギリシャ: what language does "girisha" come from?
Is there a Japanese term to express the concept of "Comfort Zone"?
How to add a specific day of the week when asking about opening & closing time
What are all the nuances and uses of 至る? (に至って) (に至っては) (に至っても) (に至る)
When was 歴史的仮名遣い standardized?
What are appropriate situations where you use 何卒 to end a formal correspondence?
What do you call young animals in Japanese?
About translating ～てもらおう
この間 pronunciation
Translating an interview, stuck on one part
Help with the meaning of 大絶賛 in this sentence
Which part of the sentence is 離陸するまで modifying?
How to say "surprising" in Japanese
"Ungrammatical" 丁寧語 used by tour guides and museum narrators
「春じゃもの」の「じゃもの」はどういう意味？
How to say "person who is consistent" (in romaji) ? Is it a Japanese principle?
Is "田舎" a derogatory term?
Modifying adjectives 「のように」
Random meaning of 結ぶ
Why do Japanese people 'teach' others their phone numbers?
What is the "one type" being "wiped away" in this sentence?
澤 vs 沢... is the former still in use?
Is に okay in 「田中さんはビデオゲームに遊んでいます」?
What is the subject of this sentence? Is it the book (mentioned) or the author (who is not mentioned)?
Why does 生前 mean 死ぬ前?
What does "mon" and "kamo" mean in Japanese?
I'm a bit lost on this sentence using なかろうか
usage cases for「ありがたい」?
Recognizing this kanji: ホイールが【?】いよく回転
Alternate spelling for ありがたい, or typo?
Recognizing these kanji: a counter with a circle at the top; and "【?】に" (looks like 大 at the bottom)
Some questions about the use of となる
Literal translation of the word シレジレ
How should we understand the plain form when used in novels set in the past?
meaning of はぐった
Unclear grammar elements (Verb - Noun)
Usage and meaning of とのことです
Particle の in this sentence
Function of に and meaning of ものだ in this sentence
What is the etymology of the word Katsu?
どのように and どうやって - difference and usage
って vs が. JLPT question
What does 側 at the end of a verb mean?
「日焼{ひや}け」 is not representative of a means to nominalize verbs?
Proper Grass Radical Stroke Order
How is 自然と being used in this sentence?
How to say "about" as in "to read about"
Transliterating the last name Cobaxin
「どちら様でしたか？」 - why past form?
How to say don't tire/wear yourself out?
Difference between 区別 and 差別
Meaning of 腐っていく
Who should pay, or not pay, who in this letter written in business Japanese?
Meaning of 「のでは」
meaning of (verb stem)＋ませぬな
Meaning of 玉ヒュン
うちに spot the difference
The meaning of v-ta+であろう
recognize kanji
Two-verb compounds: 振る舞う: plain-form + plain-form verb instead of masu-form + plain form?
読みます or 読んで form to express habit
Examples of Japanese nouns that seem like adjectives when translated into English eg 曇り
Few hard to recognize handwritten characters in miniature umbrella
Meaning of て form + えん
How are the different pronunciations of kanji used, such as onyomi and kunyomi?
「どこでもある」と「どこにもある」の使い分け
Is setting a topic obligatory?
What is the etymology behind る in 日{ひ}/昼{ひる} and 夜{よ}/夜{よる}?
Forming a "habitual" sentence: "I usually get up at 7.15"
"verb+ものです" has an additional meaning?
Expressing control over circumstances—or a lack of it
~に~があります vs ~は~です in this sentence
Addressing strangers without knowing the name
Unnecessary に in "どんなに" in this sentence?
What is a word for "participation" that resembles "kameseru"?
年休 vs. 有休/有給 as paid time off work
How are 買 and 売 related?
How does one give directions in Japanese (e.g. to a cab driver)?
Is there a special way of asking hypothetical questions?
Can と AND や be used in a sentence for a list of things
Grammar of との, what is the meaning
In 君が代, what's the function of の?
Use of first が in 町の後ろに山が、前に海があって、
Are there words or phrases that are commonly mistyped by native speakers on the Internet?
Why is Typhoon Neoguri sometimes referred to as "ノグリー"?
What's this -れり ending?
Difference between こんにち and きょう
Can "furigana" be used to refer to ruby that isn't kana?
restrictions on what 大きな can modify
に/で as time particles. What's the difference?
How to express "Eternal/Endless Love" on an engraved bracelet
Why don't 私 and 朝飯 go together?
How do 何 and どう change the meaning of these sentences?
に - same meaning as として?
how to say "does not make sense"?
「〜そうにない」 unfamiliar usage of そう
The のう ending in this sentence
What does よいではないか mean?
Still trying to get my head around に and で
Valid interpretations of the (first) て-form in 何かを犠牲にして、その上で、平和は成り立っている。
つもり - expectation. How to use?
ニッポン? Why Kana?
Can you say "よい夢へ" instead of "よい夢を"?
Is the 'h' in Japanese pronounced the same as the 'f'?
Meaning of 虚ろに in this particular case
How to list numbers of things
"は + verb" instead of "を + verb"?
How do you use と言ってた?
What does adding お at the end of a word change?
Does the use of 予 such as in 猶予 to mean "in advance" have any precedent in Chinese?
Is "先生 / せんせい / sensei" haughty or overly-formal
How to say "rough year" or "rough time"?
電話する or 電話をする to form the verb
What difference is there between そろそろ and もうすぐ? (if any)
となる - Grammatical explanation please
What is "koto" used for?
「〜がする」 the extended use of する (to do)
What is the difference between それでいい and それがいい here?
私は猫が好き and 猫は私が好き
Difference between 見る and 観る?
Using the stem form of a verb like the て form, as in 燃えゆく or 飲みほして
Use of ㈰, ㈪, ㈫ in enumerations
When should I use で or を particles?
突っ込む所 - is this what it means?
How would you say 'the past ____'? (i.e. the past 'hour', the past 'day)
How would you say "if you don't mind my asking"?
Use of 自分を and もらう
How do you say "to ask for" in Japanese?
How impolite is it to call a waitress お姉{ねえ}さん?
What is the rule to write furigana (ruby)?
What does this word mean?
Some Japanese dictionaries (e.g. 大辞林, 大辞泉, and 明鏡国語辞典) use this inverted triangle outline symbol (▽) for some kanji compounds. What does it mean?
What does 「なし」in 「問題なし」 mean?
what is the difference between [法度]{はっと} and [法律]{ほうりつ}?
Conjugating into なければ
When is it possible to split である in で+ある
Differences and similarities between 係 and 担当
How to say "As a <position>, ..."
Accepting compliments (without rejecting them)
な, の, である and ために
What is the difference between ～あろうが and ～あろうと?
What is the meaning of masu-stem + proposition
Meaning of XXをYYと認める：「形容動詞を品詞と認めない立場」
Why is 左必之佐 read as サビシサ in 万葉集 entry 3734?
影 vs 形 vs 形状. What's the difference between them?
What are the differences amongst 「ならびに」, 「かつ」 and 「および」?
What do you call brothers or sisters of the same age?
Do these two questions differ in any way?
ではないか Grammar translation
Understanding the phrase 「最も多くの乗客が乗っていた」 from a news article
"Oh no!" - How do the Japanese express feelings of negative shock towards bad news?
How do ことになる and ようになる differ? (When ことになる cannot = "It has been decided that")
What is the て-form of みます?
明日が/明日は, what's the difference?
Problem understanding 今度一度
Understanding かなでたり
How to express "X sounds like Y"
The origins of なんだ as in 飲まなんだ　or せなんだ
と言います vs．と言われています
What's the meaning of も and また in 「これほど無駄な本というのもまた珍しい」?
Can 依存はない mean "no objection"?
Why do we have to use ている form of 思う with third person subject
「思っているようです。」or 「思っている。」 for describing another person's opinion
What is the difference between 危ない and 危うい?
Etymology of 武蔵
What is the radical of 全? 人 or 入?
Can kanji compounds be formed arbitrarily?
difference between 歩く and 散歩します
Translating “Woe be to those…”
Use of Amari when an adjective is in the negative
How is て行く being used in すすんで行く and さいて行く?
What does うぃーす mean?
(Ordering food) difference between なし and 抜き
「～てはいただけません」- Why the は?
Difference between 北辰 and 北極星
Etymology and meaning of ukemi (受け身?) as part of 合気道
For body: 身体 or 体
Does 友達 have the plural marker たち "built-in"?
can I get away with not having a subject in a sentence if the subject is not relevant to the meaning?
Difference between 目覚める and 起きる
What does 'hikarian' mean?
Why is 住んでいるのが好きです incorrect?
What is the difference between 「一応」and 「一時的に」
Why does 目 have a counting sense to it?
Which form should be used: ろくしゅうかん or ろくしゅう?
Ellipsis Usage and Format
Telling the speaker apart from the person being spoken about
The の in のに and なのに
Meaning of そうして
Middle Dot (中黒) in Non-Japanese Names
How would you say "this song is played" and "in some places/cities" in natural Japanese?
What is this 10^40 thing?
Does Kagekifu mean anything?
Expressing a mild preference
Can the である copula be explained as で (particle) + ある (to exist), i.e. "to exist in the form of ~"?
Regarding the meaning of ～曲げて捉えて
Looking for references on 複合格助詞
Is /z/ pronounced as [z] or [dz] or both?
Why is the kanji for luck the same as to carry?
Why was "一匹" used for Godzilla?
Adnominalisation (Relative clause - noun - copula structure): What does it mean? How can we translate it?
Is there a difference between the particle お (o) and the particle を (wo)
I wish I hadn't gone there
Meaning of 「生きるにしても死ぬにしても」
「健全なる精神は健全なる身体に宿る」のなる
difference between "田中さんのこと" and just "田中さん"?
What is the difference between -さん and -さま?
Non-Japanese can know their "マナー", but not their "礼儀{れいぎ}"?
Usage and Impression of きない vs. こない
Are 髙 and 高 interchangeable?
What's the difference between 静けさ and 静かさ?
What is this use of と辛い
What does [可愛が]りたい mean and how to use it?
Ta form + ように + phrase with verb meaning/usage e.g. 拗ねたように頬を膨らませる
Do people use 駆逐 in general to mean "exterminate"?
～ておく or ～とく for preparation (conjugation and nuance)
Which is more natural: イエス様の救う恵み or 救うイエス様の恵み?
What is a word meaning "to ask"?
Causative form + te form + another verb construction
Are katakana names pronounced as they are written?
What is different between 日本間{にほんま}、和室{わしつ} and お座敷{ざしき}
When romanizing a Japanese title, which words should be capitalized?
What does 世話焼き mean?
Verb for the object `dareka` in `探さずにはいられない 誰かを`
Why does 留守{るす} have two almost opposite meanings?
Why many words (nouns?) end with つ？
How to properly pronounce コップ?
Recognizing a Kanji?
What is the difference between 腰掛ける and 座る?
Properly translating a conditional
Petal from a misty flower
The song in my thought
Memories and freezing ice
Ways to express prohibitions
Strive to achieve something
[因果]{いん・が}: A bass-ackwards contraction?
I do not understand the meaning of として in this sentence
Differences between 死ぬ{しぬ}, 他界する{たかいする} and 亡くなる{なくなる}?
meaning of 詰めの甘さ
つー事 as a sentence starter
Email: 「回答」vs「返事」
Confusion with the の particle
How to say farewell in 敬語?
Is こればよかった correct or not?
Is 「うそおっしゃい」 to be taken literally here?
Is "フリーマーケット" sometimes assumed to be derived from "Free"?
Why does the waiter use past tense here
What does どうやら mean?
What is a Togi yoru
Meaning of ひとつで自由に出せるように
Grammar: Combine 慣れる and -くなる
When to use "どうぞよろしくお願{ねが}い致{いた}します。" in a greeting?
What is the difference between だらけ and ばかり
へようこそ and にようこそ
How to interpret "ダメな時はダメ"?
How to interpret "自分への戒め"?
ら抜き言葉: Why doesn't 忘れれれば exist?
What form of adress is 「ボクちゃん」?
How would you use 裏切り in a sentence?
Does 大さじ always mean 1 Tablespoon, even for tea?
What is the correct syntax for large numbers in kanji?
What difference is there between ディスカウント and バーゲン?
Learn kanji or just furigana for a vacation in Japan
why isn't "そなわち" in dictionaries? what does it mean?
What is "Almost" in Japanese
What is the difference between [友達]{とも・だち} and [友人]{ゆう・じん}?
What is the difference between 夕立 and 朝立ち?
How do I turn this into "will" form?
what nuance does calling oneself "ふつつかもの" have?
How were hiragana/katakana influenced by syllabary writing systems?
How to translate 「まだ行ったことのないアメリカや日本に行ってみたいです」?
omitting conjunction で for emphasis?
Was the Japanese reading "raito" for moon, ever been used before Death Note came to existence?
Kisshu fushin actual meaning
break down ~いていいと思ってる
Meaning of しょわー
Can number + 部 mean the number of copies?
What does this lyric mean?
で at the end of a word
Difference between Japanese words for illusion with 幻
Is a kanji list read in 訓読み or 音読み?
Use of 「ぬ」 as a sentence ending in literature
What are the uses of に and とは in this sentence?
Are 漢語 always more formal than 和語？
Question about the phrase「挑みかかる手前な顔」
Need Help Understanding ーているよう
difference between 電卓{でんたく} and 計算機{けいさんき}
想い vs. 思い - Do Both Mean Feeling?
What does まかなう mean here?
Can 「〜たら〜た。」structure mean "If I had~then I would have~"?
Can you construct a future-continuous verb tense?
I don't understand what やな means at the end of a sentence...?
What kind of object is こんだら?
Trouble parsing sentence with どうしても and a triple negative
About a song lyric
The difference between [noun phrase]+[？・なの？・ですか？・なんですか？]
What is the character for resistance?
Problems understanding なの in this sentence
What does 2-jigen or 3-jigen mean?
Ending an email in Japanese to your sensei?
Is おつかれさん "correct" Japanese to address to someone of lower status?
How do you say "This souvenir is from X" where X is a person or a place?
Is there any difference between the two "エ" in 「エフェクト」?
How can you express a "double causative"?
What is じゃねぇか? What is its original form?
Difference between 闇 (yami) and 怨 (on)
Usage of the pronouns 「我が輩」 and 「方」 in everyday life
Usage of -ないことになる
meanings of 「書{か}いてある」 and 「書かれている」
は/が with いる. When to use each of them
Difference between usage of ように and ようにして
What is the implication when a girl refers to herself using "うち"? Is it meant to be more or less feminine? Neutral? Tomboyish?
How to use はるばる　/　はるばると in a sentence
Exceptions in pronouncing the counter for minutes (分)
What does じいつにくうだらない mean?
How to say "let's start using our first names when we talk?"
Is my hiragana writing understandable?
What is Vて+た construction?
What is the difference between 会社 and かいしゃ?
Which one is correct 会社名前 or 会社の名前?
What does 「やめとこう」mean?
Meaning of 心が響いてくる
Politely asking to stay at someone's home? お邪魔させてもらう、泊めてもらう、or 滞在させてもらう?
how to translate おでんとか?
Difference between 生まれてくる and 生まれる
What is the exact meaning of "kaizen"?
に/で and を/から - particle choice in two JLPT N5 sentences
Is this sentence in a different language or is it just gibberish?
What does シャレオツ mean?
I can't quite understand the meaning of 自分でも
Why is "UFO" pronounced as if it were a word?
"トサカに　くる" meaning
What is the difference between 目を細める and 眼を細める
類 in animal and plant names
What is the difference between 実験室, 研究室 and 実習室?
Can the appositive have more than one meaning in a phrase?
Difference between 給湯器 and 湯沸器?
Other words for and familiarity of 桜でんぶ?
What's the reading of 傾げる? かしげる or かたげる?
Is マラソン always 42.195 km?
Is は used when asking if something already discussed exists?
Use of おく and 方 in this sentence
How is あって being used in this context?
What does "irregular" mean in a sense of a missing okurigana letter? (上【あ】がる・上【あが】る, 明【あか】るい・明【あかる】い)
What does ホルモンの肉が好き mean in this passage?
Why are the verb classes called ichidan and godan?
Meaning and translation of 「佃煮にするほど」
Why should one be careful of soft and sweet words in this neighbourhood?
What is the difference between 〜を〜とする and 〜を〜とした before nouns?
Do 「AとしてのB」 and 「BとしてのA」have symmetry?
About 上旬、中旬、下旬 and 始め、半ば、終わり．．．?
Why is Danny written & pronounced ダニー and not ダニ?
Looking for an explanation of the usage "あったものじゃない”
Etymological origin of -n in 洗 (セン)
Asking a negative question
Looking for a translation コミカライズ
Meaning of phrase「その足を縫われたいか」
What is the meaning of のか and how does it differ from か?
Verb used for "being in a class"
'Get on' a road
～て vs ～てから for sequencing activities
Classical: On the subject of a sentence with 連用形/て clauses + ば condicional
Difference between 授業を受ける and 授業を取る
What does なんて mean?
Greeting a friend saying 'yo'
Some questions regarding ~てくる (edited)
How would a name be used as a non-restrictive appositive?
How to negate "べき"? (ie. "should not")
Differences between 勉強する、習う、学ぶ and 学習する?
What's difference between 昼(hiru) and 正午(shōgo)?
Need help understanding 心は気高く / そのまた先で感じていくの
Need help parsing combined forms of a verb
Difference between 下る、下りる、下がる?
〜くはない vs 〜くない in adjective negations
If writing in である form, when is it necessary to use だ？
What kind of butterfly is a 「ゼッコーちょう」?
what is the difference between 送る and 贈る?
How should I understand the use of particle に in the context of 受身形 and 自動詞 in these sentences?
When did LOC adopt modified Hepburn?
How can I say "very little" in Japanese
How do you say there are "x" number of days until some event or something?
Trouble with these sentences, subject-verb confusion and difficult words?
Can you show any examples of a 兼務発令書 in English?
Difference between ヒーター and ストーブ
How to translate "a detail-oriented person"?
Trouble understanding grammar in 「名を、柊という。」
History of 馬 and 梅
difference between 持ち込む and 持って来る？
What's the difference between 値段 and 価格
What does まわりであーだこーだ mean in this sentence?
Need help with the meaning of this sentence (usage of ようとしている）
「を」 object marker in this 受身形{うけみけい} sentence
Combining a noun phrase with an adjective
How do you say "My skills in programming languages are Javascript, Zend framework, Yii framework, etc"?
can 美化語{びかご} create implied subjects?
When ない becomes ぬ
_っ_り form adverbs
How would you write "Turtle-senpai"
Is using 笑 to mean "lol" feminine or gender-neutral?
What does よう at the end of the sentences mean?
Some questions about って
華麗にスルーする　Ignore someone . . . how exactly?
How did 参った come to mean 'defeated' from 参る?
謙譲語{けんじょうご} nouns such as 弊社{へいしゃ}, etc
Usage of ていく in 死んでいく
いまさら後悔してみたところで、してしまったことは取り返しがつかない
Difference between 取り返しがつかない and 仕方がない
Pronouncing ＋ in dictionary definitions
Difference between 貸す and 貸し出す
Question about 「まるで～　～ように」
When do we use 〜どおりに instead of 〜のとおりに after nouns?
Origins of the Volitional Form
Where does のみ come from?
What is the function of にも in this sentence?
How do you politely and gratefully reply to an invitation to be published?
Differences in usage between 撮る{とる} and 写す{うつす}、写る｛うつる}?
after saying "ありがとう" to someone, they can't renege without hard feelings?
Difficulty of Meiji literature
How is "gomen" used?
Respectful way to say "policeman"
Difference in usage between クラス and 学級
Is there an "official" font or other writing standard that should be used when teaching kanji?
別に to mean "not particularly"
Proper answer to 「何名様ですか」
meaning of シュワーっと
Difference between ごめんください and お邪魔します
How do you say "What are the differences between car and motorcycle "?
Using が multiple times in one sentence
Is there any difference in meaning between 陥る and 落ち入る?
What is the term for a word which can be written with one kanji or two kanji but where the meaning is the same?
Japanese: "osowarata"?
Repeating subject for emphasis okay?
What word and form is うってる？
What is difference between 値段 (nedan) and 代金 (daikin)?
Difference between 実は and 実に
Did the modern usage of katakana predate the Americans?
Meaning of 具体的に
Kanbun reading of this expression
Proper usage of 語 and 言語 and 言葉 when speaking about someone's language
Making 「たくさん」act as a full-fledged 形容動詞{けいようどうし}
Where does だらけ come from?
N + sou desu is acceptable
what does のも mean at the end of a clause?
expressing 'not possible that'
Understanding the meaning and grammar of 出{で}て in 出{で}て来{き}ました
Explanation of 歌にのせて
How does one analyze "N + を前に + V", where N is not an object of V
Difference between 日{に}本{ほん} and 来{らい}日{にち}
When mixing Japanese and English, should I use Japanese parentheses?
Analysis of いい[加減]{か・げん}[目覚]{め・ざ}めなさい
Difference between 「なるベく」 and 「なるべき」
Meaning and grammar of やるっきゃない
Can we use Kanji for 「もらう」?
Explaining the phrase お世{せ}話{わ}になります and お世{せ}話{わ}になりました
「慎重すぎる」 and 「慎重に過ぎる」 - is there a difference?
Can we use Kanji for 「すみれ」 (violet color)?
Why do some loanword sounds get "contracted" when katakanized, but not others?
Expressing 'if so'
Expressing concurrency
expressing 'among' in japanese
Difference between 受{う}ける and もらう
Only 〜ます in ending verb vs. 〜ませんでした
When should I use a verb stem by itself?
Why does this text use both 下さい and ください in the same context?
example usage of ~kiri
particle に uses
Meaning of 「以上」 when someone finishes his/her speech and says 「以上」
Difference between 「答え｛こたえ｝」 and 「回答 ｛かいとう｝」 and 「正解 {せいかい}」
Meaning of JAPAなび
How to write "I'm going to sleep tomorrow"?
Exact meaning and usage of 「またこんど」
Meaning of 「緊張しながら」 and grammar of 「〜しながら」 part
what's a ポッカリ (pokkari)?
Was "The Tale of Genji" really written completely or almost completely in hiragana?
How do I translate the word "Town's End"?
Does また今度 imply concrete future plans in certain regions/dialects?
Difference between 「〜 時{じ}に」 and 「〜 しながら」
Difference between kara/made から・まで vs kara/nikakete から・にかけて
What is the difference between 文{ぶん} and 文章｛ぶんしょう}?
Describing a woman with きれい vs. 美しい{うつくしい}?
Can't understand why "に" is used in "蚊に刺された" or what's the sense of this sentence
Is スポーツ a plural-only word?
Usage of「次第に」with the past tense
What is 「たもうた」 in 「 神の創りたもうた世界」?
Why is ホワイト spelled as it is?
「予定調和」 usage in casual speech
What is the meaning and application of ren'youkei?
What is a subsidiary verb?
What are words which stand at the very end of a sentence (like "yo" and "tomo") called?
How to write "yi" in katakana
Reason for 「のか」 and 「かもしれません」 in 「何を言っているのかわからないかもしれませんけど」
Particles following ところ （に, を, and で）
"何を言っている __のか__ 、分からない" vs. "何を言っている __なのか__ 、分からない"
Question about supposedly a Japanese proverb
In "[Vます stem] + し+ [noun]" what does し mean?
Could someone tell me what if anything is wrong with these translations?
Using double negative
What is meant/implied by "じゃないんだからね"?
Is 何歳ですか polite?
It seems "hard deadline" can be translated to 厳しい締切. Would "soft deadline" then be translated as 厳しくない締切?
What is the purpose of 「し」 in phrase 「私は緊{きん}張{ちょう}しすぎて」?
How to write the passive form of the potential form?
ダブルクォートと[鉤括弧]{かぎ・かっ・こ}の使い分けは？
What does ”それが” mean in this context?
Compound words with 漢字 and カタカナ? (例えば：新メニュー）
文章の話題語の変化はどう解釈されていますか？
Polite or casual?
My teacher wrote a triangle on my Japanese homework. What does it mean?
Why is ガラスというガラスused in this sentence instead of just ガラス?
meaning of "目{め}に見えるほど、〜"
Japanese writings in Brazil
Something that can be written with kanji but not with kana?
What does 滅多に modify in these sentences?
Difference between おく and 中
What is the difference between "verb＋て＋みる" and "verb＋(よ)う+とする"?
Usage of wake desu
What is the difference between asu and ashita?
Are verbs transformed into the ず-form used like adverbs?
What is the meaning of this joke?
was the plain negative of aru once or in a certain dialect aranai?
Sentence structure: "I can accomplish (a) by doing (b)"
Meaning of 楽に済ませようとする
いる connected to a proposition?
How do you write 縮めて in IPA?
What is the etymology of the て-form?
How to use に限って【かぎって】 correctly
Why does katakana even exist?/ Why not use hiragana and kanji for everything?
are the godan verbs always followed by either a,e,i,o or u before a further suffix is added?
Is the 仮定形 used only to make the conditional?
どうか〜〜ますように in 「どうか異世界の出来事でありますように」
名 versus 名前: Why is this seemingly redundant Jukugo used?
Are there a kanji for マル and バツ (O and X, right and wrong)
Understanding the usage of つくin 体{からだ}につけたまま
meaning of "べつにいいけど"
V(さ)せる when it doesn't indicate permission/compulsion
How to say "Nobody is perfect" in Japanese
Are ここ, そこ and あそこ prepositions?
The implied meaning of 日本人
How to express appositives in Japanese
含む vs. 含んでいる vs. 含まれている
In general, do Japanese people communicate formally or informally when conversing on a forum/commenting/chat?
What is 林家パー子ばり?
What does 「アップしています」 mean?
How did the originally honorific forms of address 君、お前、貴様 become informal or even insulting?
"Irregular" 命令形 of some verbs
What is the origin of スタンド meaning "desk lamp"?
The meaning of phrase 「すこしじつ」
Translation of phrase 「留守を預かる者として、主の家を汚した蒙昧」
[奨学金]{しょうがくきん} and Repayment
technical term for "形容動詞{けいようどうし} + にする"?
Clarification on 軍の命令で善悪の区別もつかなくなる
How do you say "I have been [...]"?
Can't recognize these handwritten kana (or kanji) in a text
What's the meaning of ナーミンナイト in this song lyric?
けれども as a neutral connector
Do I say えいがにみました or えいがをみました　？
に vs で: 映画に見る vs 映画で見る
What are the benefits of learning radicals?
Natural Usage of けれども
Does ところを always mean the same thing as のに? What is the difference between ところへ and ところに?
Could someone please clarify if I'm translating these two sentences correctly?
What is the function of ちょうだい in 読んでちょうだい?
Do ちょうだい、ごらん、ください、おいで constitute an own class of part of speech?
How to say "had been [verbing]"?
Are な and だ both copula verbs?
What is the meaning of 座っておいで?
"~において、..." vs. "~にとって、..." differences?
What "non-standard" katakana are commonly used?
Could ルフレ be considered a gender-neutral name?
To which part of speech belong 〜とはいえ and 〜というものの, and as what part of sentence are they usually used?
I don't understand what のも means in this sentence
Asking "Do you speak Japanese?" in Japanese
Meaning of あさっての方向 "Asatte no houkou"
What is the etymology of the word 杜撰（ずさん）?
What is this character?
Specialized banking/credit card vocabulary
What does 揺らぎやすい女性 mean?
Does 好きな really mean "favorite"?
"訳す" is the best way to say "to translate"?
Help me understand the grammar of this sentence: ～のこと～のこと、～なってもらえたかな
What's the difference between そうです and そうでしょう?
Dictionary form of verb to indicate progressive actions or actions in progress?
How is "if one does not differ" translated using the word 異なる and the ば-ending?
What does "声が出る" mean?
particle grammar, は and が
Why is Austin spelled with an オ?
Is "Xがどこに見つけられますか" an acceptable translation of "Where can I find X"?
What is the subject in 「士郎の理想、英雄となった姿があなたではないのですか。」?
Expressing "should do" with こと・べき・もの
Is the negative form of 住む related to すみません (i.e. "I'm sorry"/"Excuse me"), and how is it used in actual conversation?
～ようと.... Japanese grammar
しな at the end of a sentence
Understanding use of における
Are 済む・澄む・住む cognate?
What does the てさ in 「忘れててさ」 mean?
Grammar in a modern translation of the 古事記 : ～ようもない
Difference between ベッド and 寝台
Old way of counting people?
How do you interpret an "interrogative word + non-polite form + か + 知る" construct?
What's the function of ~には in 「おやには長生きしてもらいたいとおもう」?
Why "greengrocer" kanjis are 八百屋 (やおや)?
can one be "さびしい" without being "かなしい"?
Purpose of ～とは in 「あなたにとって仕事とはなんでしょうか」
What does 馬鹿も一芸 mean in English?
Difference between ～に伴う【ともなう】 and ～を伴う【ともなう】
Etymological connection between 門 and 円?
Can ～もの be applied to all verbs to make them a noun?
What does ～とか mean when it doesn't indicate an example?
What is the difference between ～たとき vs ～るとき
Significance of 「温」 in 「温故知新」
What are valid responses to the expressions 「はじめまして」 and 「よろしくおねがいします」 used in introductions?
たの at the end of 「そんなに寝ぼけるまで熟睡してたの？」
NHK has a series titled 「きらり！えん旅【たび】」. What does the えん in えん旅 mean?
「床屋」と「髪床」の違いは何ですか？
Don't understand the use of そして + に in a sentence
What's the word for "life" but with emphasis on the positiveness of life?
What is the English equivalent of ストーリー総監修?
What function does で have in the sentence 馬は動物である?
使ってみなさい, and 使っても意味のない場所
買う, durative or instantaneous?
Translation help with this sentence? 何人も触れること能わぬ- everyone or no one?
Both 当たり前 and 相変わらず seem to mean "usual" or "ordinary". What's the difference between them?
the omission of an implied "の" creates the appearance of a 四字熟語{よじじゅくご}?
The etymology of 頭{あたま}金{きん}
What does 「かけようかどうしようか」 mean?
How to reply to a business email with "yes, I'm ok with this time frame"?
What is the difference between 思【おも】い付【つ】く and 思【おも】い浮【う】かぶ?
How is かって being used here?
How can I translate these workplace goals into Japanese?
How do you say "after all", in the sense of reaffirming or justifying a previous statement?
Difference between 変{か}わり and 変{か}える
の versus こと in head-internal relative clauses
What does てたも mean?
How should I refer to food whose name mentions its main ingredients?
What's that accordion style book you can get at shrines called?
Greetings to use in email enquiries
What is the difference between 積もる 【つもる】 and 溜まる 【たまる】?
Is 行く stative, continous or instantaneous?
What's the first character in the phrase 「?度乾燥しなさい」?
Meaning of きゅんきゅん
Does word order change the meaning of a sentence?
Expressing 'according/as per'
Interpreting active/passive voice in Japanese
Intentional hiragana transcription for foreign names
Translation help with a sentence, use of たる?
What is the function of particle に in 「Aチームに[勝つ]【かつ】チームがあるとしたら…」?
Please teach me more about ハダカ格
Kanji for におい - when do you use 匂い and when do you use 臭い?
What is the etymology of 森羅万象 and what does it mean?
Difference between 獣｛しし｝ and 野獣｛やじゅう｝ (beast)
Is saying 「XはYは…」 acceptable?
ことになっている vs ようになっている
Difference between 意志｛いし｝ and 志し｛こころざし｝ (will)
Difference between 証【あかし】 and 証拠【しょうこ】 (proof)
どの object も = "whichever"?
What is the difference between 賢い{かしこい} and 利口{りこう}?
Comparing ということだ and そうだ
English for 会心 as a stat in an online game
助詞｢も｣の意味を教えてください
Is すしや and おすしやさん the same?
This text appears to be labeling V-し・V-せず・Adj-なく・N-に as present, V-して・V-しないで・Adj-なくて・N-で as past. Why?
difference between 妥協｛だきょう｝and 歩｛あゆ｝み寄｛よ｝り　(compromise)
の in Verb＋のじゃない: Nominalizer or Explanatory?
Using conditional 'ば'
Expressing subject vs target
Can I insert hiragana in words I only know partially how to write?
Is the particle を in をでる comparable to elative case?
Can you say ～てもらった when you actually did nothing?
I don't get how 今日 works in 今日は誘ってくれて嬉しかった.
Usage of 整{ととの}える for asking for a trim when getting a hair cut
Translation to Japanese: "The test will determine which university I will go to."
Translation help- which word あまり is effecting and general implication of the word 方向
What happens if なの is used, but not at the end of a sentence?
Can [面倒]{めんどう} be used as "boring"?
When to use ＸはＹより vs ＸとＹとどちらが……？
Why does 甲斐 use these particular kanji?
Are グラス and ガラス alternative spellings of the same word?
Meaning of いやみを必ず顔に表す
What's a good word for "offer", as in "...for offering us eternal life..."?
When writing by hand, can kana be half-width and kanji be full-width?
What's the difference between 参考【さんこう】 and 参照【さんしょう】?
Difference between 絶叫｛ぜっきょう｝する and 怒鳴｛どな｝る (to shout)
What does 挨拶ナマ mean?
Difference between 維持｛いじ｝する and 保｛たも｝つ (to maintain)
Difference between 隠｛かく｝す and 秘｛ひ｝める (to hide)
Why is ～とみえる used here?
Adverbs in Japanese versus English
私は米国人です vs 私はアメリカ人です
Are you allowed to continue words on the next line?
Different usage of 五
Difference between 試験{しけん} and テスト
Sorting and Grouping a Japanese Index or Glossary
How to order pizza or dinner on the phone
What is "Sino-Japanese word order"?
How to place ありました with the 〜んです pattern, and the meaning of the resulting sentence
Have I placed "itsu" correctly in the sentence?
Difference between 「で」助詞 and 「だ」助動詞の連用形「で」
I don't understand the meaning and "naran" in this sentence 早く日曜日にならんかな
What does "nanode" mean? What are its grammatical rules?
How to parse ～なくたって?
Do you need to use の when using へ to modify a noun?
How can we understand and translate はず used with facts of known truth?
Difference between 回復【かいふく】, 修復【しゅうふく】, 復旧【ふっきゅう】 and 復興【ふっこう】
Help translating this paragraph: doubts about 「への」and「と共に」forms, and structure of a sentence beggining with 「これ」?
"To the East/West/North/South are distinct [feature-rich] areas that fill the land"
Why in this example sentence there's no difference between ごとに and おきに?
Difference between 超える【こえる】 and 超す【こす】？
How emotionally loaded is 会いたい【あいたい】?
difference between 計画を立てる and 計画をする？
Same kanji compound, with different readings, and meanings depend on the reading? (heteronyms)
「これくらいで」 whats the grammatical purpose that で has here?
Most correct "noun suffix" for "living in X" or "resident of X"?
はく and きる or just きる?
それどころじゃない and 〜どころじゃない grammar points.
Should I start with Hiragana, Katakana or Kanji?
Differentiating honorific passive and potential conjugations of 出る
〜ず versus 〜ないで　(and maybe also in the case of adjectives, 〜なくて）
急{きゅう}に vs.すぐに – usage in context
通{とお}した and 通{つう}じた – usage in context
Difference between ずっと and いつも
What is this form : Verb + はせん?
When does it make sense to use 「〜でない。」？
Understanding a phrase - 必ずやらなければならないことを　まとめてみた
Do all words need a particle?
Is 「どこにいくのがよろしいですか」 a correct way to ask for directions?
Meaning of 〜たら in this sentence
What does 「～知ってください」 mean in The Blue Hearts' song リンダリンダ?
Is 冷やかし positive/negative/neutral?
Equivalent of "That said, Carthage must be destroyed" in Japanese
Difference of まさか and まさに
Using 無理 to empathise
Quoted clause in Aさんが言うには〜とのこと
Meaning of せっかく
Meaning of 根づいていた / 根づく
Differences between words for "optimistic" and "pessimistic"
「君の声が聞こえなくて、逢えると信じる。」
Differences between 「することはない」 and 「しなくてもいい」
「高くはある」と「高い」の違い
Explaining phrase お客様各位【きゃく.さま.かく.い】
Expressing ~no option but
Expressing similarity
Meaning of ~と言われればそれまでだが、…
What is the difference between ～みたい and ～らしい when expressing similarity or resemblance?
Meaning of てはならない
Why is China ちゅうごく while Korea is かんこく? Why the difference between ご and こ?
How to tell the difference between 先｛せん｝ and 先｛さき｝?
Using という before わけです
Stroke order explanation for 凸 and 凹
Difference between 勝つ and 勝てる?
What is the difference between 語{かた}る and 話{はな}す?
Interpreting させていただきます
What's the use of で in 「日本の食べ物で大好きなものは何？」
What is this kanji?眞+頁
ムダ足だった == useless leg?
かな ending in a sentence where the speaker is not uncertain of something
Reading 九十九 as "tsukumo"
Atypical use of ~させます
Are programming languages referred to by their English names or do they have Japanese names?
What's the kanji for "appointed location"
Usage of the phrase/word ですので
When does one use 〜もらいました versus 〜くれました?
How to say "to mutilate" in Japanese
Can Verb stand in front of sentence?
How do you refer to items in a list?
What is the proper way to write "cube" in romaji?
なったら vs. なると – usage in context
Which is the most correct (or common): 話 or 話し?
Direct object or directional を
Japanese for "The Narrow Road to the Deep North" (the Richard Flanagan novel)
"Year of the X" - is there an idiom?
What is wrong in "森田さんは新開発の薬をもって病気を克服した"?
ですら・でも・さえ・だろう（と／が）。 Are there any differences?
Categorizing kanji variants - is there a "proper" form?
What does までもが mean in this sentence, and もが in general
Does 考え方 usually refer to the "methodology" of one's thought process, or can it also refer to something more subjective?
Usage and meaning of 召す【めす】 in different contexts
ねん in the Kansai dialect
When is the onyomi of 田 used?
Why wasn't 欒 simplified to 栾, when 戀 was simplified to 恋?
Why are し/ち transliterated as 'shi'/'chi', and not 'si'/'ti'?
What type of romanization is "Hatchōbori"?
Can both Hepburn and Kunreisiki romaji be used to write a person's name?
How are 超域 and 学際 different?
Why is the に particle used in this sentence?
Are there ways to write Japanese fast (like shortening the words)?
How to find words you cant find in a dictionary? Help with translating Dragon Ball
How to rephrase sentences with an ambiguous は to indicate the contrastive or thematic / 「主題」と「対比」の解釈の余地のある、あいまいな「は」の言い換え方
meaning of ギッタンギッタン with reference
Transitive, Intransitive Verbs and Particles
Could you repeat that please?
Why are the names of plants and animals often written in katakana?
How do you decide the alias of the radical for kanjis such as "字" and "旧"?
Did ある and いる once have kanji?
What does やがんだ mean?
Rendering an appositive "which" clause in Japanese
Meaning and transitivity of ゴミ袋を手に立ち上がる
How to say "he/she knows"?
Meaning of 入る in 帯が入る
名詞の修飾と「～か」・「～かどうか」についての質問
”でもありやいい制度だ” Help with one line from manga translation
What does it mean when a number is followed by こ
How does the order of place and subject affect the meaning of a sentence using the verb iru
Pronunciation of 九
好き【すき】でした。付き【つき】合って【あって】ください。
How do you indicate line breaks in a poem when it is written without actual line breaks?
The modification target of 忌み嫌われる
How to convert verbs from polite form to dictionary form?
。。。を言います　。。。と言います？
何も means 'Nothing' instead of 'What also'
How to understand the meaning of 愛{いと}しさ
confusion with location words
order of words in a sentence
Is 四分の一 a natural way of referring to "a quarter" as in "a three-month duration"?
What does it mean when newspapers give furigana for 常用{じょうよう} kanji?
What is the difference between all the weather words: 気象{きしょう}, 天気{てんき} and 天候{てんこう}?
Japanese grammar structure order
How do you translate "My hovercraft is full of eels"?
「写真は良い思い出になります。」 "Pictures make for great souvenirs"?
Should 「ソウル」 be pronounced as "so u ru" or "so: ru"?
About a line in a TV drama which is hard to understand
I've never seen a sentence that uses か and は together like this before
やり as a prefix - clarification please
Desire words: When to use 欲望{よくぼう}, 欲求{よっきゅう}, 欲{よく} and 欲念{よくねん}?
Correct way to say "I am a beginner in Japanese"
If 「は」 marks a topic, and 「が」 marks a subject, what does 「です」 do in terms of nuance?
What does 八 have to do with [八つ当たり]【やつあたり】?
Making sense of をと
Polite Way of Saying "I can't...(answer the phone)" (しかねる vs. できない)
Is 忝い（かたじけない） used in contemporary language?
What does this mean 先月　何日　会社を　やすみましたか。
Is saying 行ってきます and ただいま appropriate for guests?
What is the difference between すみません and すみませんでした?
What does パー mean by itself?
朝ご飯は vs. 朝ご飯に - difference between these two sentences?
What's the difference between ～れれば and ～れば?
Is the kanji/kokuji "taito" (たいと) with 84 strokes legitimate and ever used?
を without a transitive verb?
Usage and meanings of 十分
Difference between 怒り{いかり} and 怒り{おこり}
In だったっけ, why is the second "っ"(tsu) used when it can't be connected to "け"(ke)?
Most egregious examples of the reading of a kanji changing due to (textually) distant characters
Is either 霊験 or あらたか used outside the phrase 霊験あらたか?
Is "クリスマスの休みだよ！" an appropriate expression?
What does the "だった" in "だったっけ" mean?
Understanding 「女神を信じてここまで来たのだろう」
新しい 机 を 買って もらいました。"They bought me a new desk" or "I bought and received a new desk"?
「身につく」 Usage of this word in this sentence
「しまう」 as an auxiliary verb
Differences between the words for "decoration"?
How to ask for something, formally, but on the internet
What is the meaning of the phrase ”男の顔になったな”
Meaning of ならずとも
Are there any patterns for okurigana?
interpretation of 玉を落とす in this sentence
What is the meaning of the phrase いい年こいて?
what does the slang ぱしり mean?
Is there a "default" topic when speaking in Japanese?
Clarification of a sentence from a video game, 「~為」
interpretation of particle と followed by の
Meaning of どんだけお人好しなんですかって話ですよね
Can I get a grammatical breakdown of "通りゃんせ"?
How would you say something is like something else?
What's the grammatical breakdown of "知りもしないわ"?
What's the function of "と" in "海に行きたいといつしか話した"?
What is the difference between 忘れないで and 忘れるなよ?
What is the difference between all the words for tools / devices?
What's the difference between 親切 and 優しい?
Song translation with two possibilities - "One more time, one more chance" by Masayoshi Yamazaki
Future II Simple in Japanese
"Kekkosema wa"?
How should "イモ" be translated?
私は日本語と英語で思っています。
Usage of さぞ and きっと
Subject for 感じ in the following sentence
What is kanji pronunciation used for?
When each of joining particles ～や～ and ～とか～ should be used?
real meaning of 子供に話を聞かせてあげました
What's the difference between these two phrases?
What part of the kunyomi must be learned?
Clarification about this use of どこまでも
How to use "happy new year" expressions: 賀正{がしょう}, 謹賀新年{きんがしんねん}
Am I the only one who never says "少女{しょうじょ}"?
How should say I: 僕、俺、私？
Why are there two readings of 留める?
What could the expression "ナンパされた" mean in english?
Words ending in consonants
Introducing people
Simple Phrases in Japanese
Specifying Objects in Japanese
How does someone know when one word ends and the next one starts?
Difference between 英才【えいさい】 and 天才【てんさい】 (genius)
-的 adjectives modifying nouns without な
Function of "でも" in "とでも言うべきであろうか"?
What's the difference between いつ and 何時{なんじ}
How to do plurals?
Does this "は" indicate a sequence of events?
How to say with?
What is the meaning of あいつはあいつで?
How to translate 動詞+かのような+名詞?
Need help translating a sentence involving 要して
What's the difference between ね and でしょう for tag questions?
Use of ことです in this sentence
General rules for final kana in names ending with consonant?
What does "のでは" mean at the end of a sentence?
こっち、そっち、あっち、どっち
How would you talk about relative time in the past?
What does “本気になれぬ” mean?
Is there a preferred way to say "If you think about it..?"
Difference between せんしゅう and ぜんしゅう
Is it correct to use で in this sentence if I want to convey "and"?
Etymology of モブ
Question about the それに
What is the difference between こだわり and 良｛よ｝い?
Use of 方に In this sentence
What are the differences between 金、料、代、and 費？
What is the difference between 酒 and お酒?
What verb form is "見えたり する" and what does it mean?
は/が and を with the Passive form
due to kanji variants, are 器械、海外、劍道 even words?
How to ask the 'looks like' or appearance of something?
What is the most common word used for 'idea'?
What's the difference between 補給, 補充, 補足, 補完?
What is this kanji ? Looks like 七 three times
My name is Midori, but I have never known the Kanji
なんと versus どう usage
強い風だから全然聞けなかった Translation Help
Use of まで in this sentence
Translation and kanji help
what is this usage of けど?
Which font is used here?
The genesis of pitch accent in Japanese
When would I use ふん instead of ぷん?
Meaning of "普段ならまだしも、さすがに今は少しばかり状況が違う"
Usage of からな at the end of a sentence
How do characters talk to each other in "Like Father, Like Son" movie
What is different between 分かります and　分かりました。
Why are long vowels represented differently in hiragana and katakana?
Do Japanese people use quotation marks for emphasis?
Meaning of タッグでやる
"Infinity" as a tattoo
Is 育ち行く normally used?
How is 家 in [name]家 pronounced?
Usage of te-form in 異音の原因がわかり、安堵して大きく息を吐く
What is the subject of「あけましておめでとう」?
Topic marker in これは大きい本を食べる犬です
How is the adjective 多い being used as a noun 多く here?
Usage of intonation with sentence ending particles e.g. ね
Origin and meaning of the proverb 死人【しにん】に 口【くち】 無し【なし】
How is the Iroha poem usually pronounced?
というものでもない vs. というわけではない
Adjective conjugation of 小さい and 少ない in these sentences
「もんか」の使い方を教えてくれませんか？
Why does 出る accepts を although it is an intransitive verb?
Requirement of の in this sentence?
What is being abbreviated as っちゃあ in 「忙しいっちゃあ忙しいけど…」?
What was the Japanese word for "clockwise" (時計回り) before clocks were commonplace?
What does として mean in 「ペットとしてしいくするのはかんたんです。」?
Nanori reading needed for JLPT?
usage of から at the end of the first sentence with the second part in the next
What are the major prescriptive style guides for Japanese prose?
Translating “どうして〜のか忘れがちになる”
Is ために　here a wrong one?
で in the usage of サッカーで怪我をした etc
Usage of plain i-adjectives or た form (悪かったｖ悪い、良かったｖいい etc）
what does とつて in the context of エサとつてくる mean?
What does "＝" equals sign mean in Japanese news headlines?
Why is the title of this manga 『からかい上手の高木さん』 instead of 『高木さんの上手なからかい』?
How does 別に function as an adverb?
Difference between 本当に and 全然 in a negative sentence
The usage of 侮れなかった
What does とでも mean?
Japanese for "Chinese Opera"
Different kanji forms for "みる"
The difference between する and している with onomatopoeias
What does 彼なら mean?
おきばりになさって！ with the meaning of 頑張れ！
Meaning of 僕のほど in this sentence
What does the term "prenominally" mean?
Explain ますよう + [noun]
Politeness and Usage of ぶっちゃけ
Use of 一体 in this sentence
Co-occurrences of 「も」 and 「でも」 such as in 「何度も何度でもスキになる」
The use of particle の in positive and negative comparisons
What's the meaning of と in 「『・・・・・・』っていう文章だと良かった」?
Meaning of 挨拶 in a visit
usage of ていた in 俺の一撃は、彼のもう一本の剣にギリギリで弾かれていた
Effects of あ after other vowel endings
What's the difference between こそ and さえ in 「忙しくて昼ごはんを食べる時間＿＿＿ない」
Nuance of "クソ" within "クソコラグランプリ"
How to describe something as hypocritical
「勉強{べんきょう}を続{つづ}ける」 vs.「勉強をやり続ける」
In real life, do Japanese speakers exclaim things like 熱っ！ or 痛たた… or 寒！?
What is the difference between using ている、ていた、た in relative clauses?
Why do さ and ざ look the same except for the little strokes on the side?
What is the Japanese proverb for "even a thief is right three times out of ten"?
"The earlier we leave, the earlier we'll arive"-type construction
Confused about sentences: 当たる and 出る
興奮する to be excited or to get excited?
Meaning of だって in this sentence
Is there a name for kanji compounds consisting of kanji with the same radical and for compounds with repeated kanji?
Which radical name should I study for the kanken?
Scope of negation in 「カラオケはいちばんお金を使いません。」
How to say "I don't know what you're referring to"?
Counter word for prepackaged instant ramen
Compound verb in Japanese; verb(te form)+verb vs verb(masu stem form)+verb
Meaning of, Transitive verb in "te form" + iru vs Intransitive verb in "te form" + iru
Translation of Hosutofamiri- no Minasan (ホストファミリーのみなさん)
Meaning of 家族ポイントを消費
Translation of particle で in 「オーストラリアは今夏でとてもあついです」
がわ/そば difference and use
Meaning of いくら and って in this sentence
What criteria decides whether to print 「氏」 or 「さん」 at the end of a person's name in newspapers?
Arimasu as a parting phrase
What does 曰く mean when it is *not* preceded by a name?
Usage of て form before relative clause e.g. そう呟いて見上げる空は、朝見たよりも輝いて見えた
How do you write "do you live with your parents?" in hiragana?
Use of で for location with an adjective
Explaining the phrase 書｛か｝き込｛こ｝みによると
Usage of の before です
実名 vs 本名 connotation？
Question about order of events in relative clauses. 呆れたように言う彼女を横になったまま見上げつつ、俺は持っていた本を机の上に置いた
Meaning of 時間も時間だし?
大きじゃない vs 大きくない？
What is the meaning of the 「が」 in 「仲間だろうが！！！！」
「星が見えない＝Stars can't be seen」 but 「目が見えない＝Eyes can't see」, why?
Meaning of "でも" in "食事でもどうですか？"
Is it grammatically correct to use よう without な, に or だ（です）after it?
What's the difference between 水 and 湯
Difference between 者{もの} and 人{ひと}
translation of 「あえて言えば、....」
Differences between 「が」、「ても」、「のに」
indefinite pronoun equivalent of "one" e.g. "one must...", "one might..."
Can the Japanese present tense indicate a continuous acton?
Can 借家 and 家賃 be used interchangeably
Placing a quantifier between a noun and particle?
Use of 全部{ぜんぶ} in the following sentence
The passive form
difference between "日欧米で株上昇" and "日米欧で株上昇"?
How does one keep from being confused about the pronunciation of 地下鉄？
What kind of conjugation is used here? 「取らじ」
Twitter idioms: Why do some Japanese have an "@" in the middle of their "names" (not usernames)?
Translation of 友達【ともだち】に 嘘【うそ】がばれてしまった
Confused about the relationship between 「丸」 as in 「日本丸」 and 「麻呂」 as in 「君麻呂」
Why is 「で」 in 「三人のうちで一番...」 omissible but 「で」 in 「ここで待つ」 not?
How to say “Tell Paul to send me the letter I wrote for his father”
What is the meaning of やるやない？
What is the real correct translation of "彼は好きじゃない"?
Difference between お腹がすいた and お腹がすいている ― 「お腹がすいた」と「お腹がすいている」の違いは？
Meaning of "gkbrです"
Is it polite in Japan to ask if someone speaks English? (英語を話せますか？)
「のだろう、」 mid-sentence
Which grammar rules are applied when でいい is conjugated to nouns?
Is there such a thing as: tate ni naru?
Help with Kenjougo!
What's the difference between 大きいケーキ and 大きなケーキ?
What is the difference between すみませんが and すみません?
How to use の particle and the で particle if I want to say “I bought the shoes in Tomoyo's shop”
大阪から東京までに泳ごうとしたけど、途中で道に迷います。Does this sound natural/correct?
Is this a different accent than Tokyo's?
Why words such as しばらく are almost always written in kana while words such as 石鹸 are usually in kanji?
The use of へ towards an abstract concept
～しよう＋としてします。 What is the meaning of this expression?
はは or おかあさん what should be used?
Standard for writing/pronouncing loanwords: ウインドー v.s. ウィンドウ, etc
What is the difference between ために and -masu root verb+ に?
「行くときゃ誰とゆく」— what's this きゃ and the とs?
「一週間後に解約する」 but 「一週間後での解約」, why not the same particle?
What is the grammatical analysis of the sentence 「君を笑いに来た」?
How to say "go by bike"
Why did 摩羅 also come to mean penis?
Does ただな mean the same thing as ただの?
Is おふくろ related to ふく?
「探してくる」には「見つける」という意味は含まれますか？
How to read: the "~" (tilde) in "3~4 行"
verb+ようにと、 or verb+かと、
「周囲を取り囲む(ように)」, set phrase?
Should どれ always be the first part of a sentence?
What does 看板親父 mean?
How to say a sentence without repeating the word?
"A Hen in the Wind"?
Use of です after informal verb conjugation
Using "Nara" with Different Verbs
Does using 書き順 sound childish?
「ひがし」 vs. 「あずま」
Word order and expressing time
Is 「習得している」much different from 「勉強している」？
What's the difference between (いちば/しじょう) for 市場?
How do you use "omou" in the past tense?
What is the difference between 〜て and 〜の？
Use of 「～ておりますしょうか。 」
ず negative verb
Usage of a verb 希望する
Usage of an adjective 細やか（な）
「～てます」 as an adjective
I was told to do X if Y
(Person's name) + 君の事
3rd person references in formal emails
Meaning of 「という訳でもないのだが」
What does 回 mean in 回答?
Is this how to say "I'm going to Japan Wednesday."?
Plain Form of にくいです and とくいです
How to understand なんだ
生活になぶられた、男の子は自殺した。Passive tense in Descriptive Relative clauses, and word choice.
How to understand チラツ
Passive vs Active form of verbs when used as adjectives
あたり at the end of the sentence
Difference between 便利さ and 利便性
What is the meaning of らと?
とする(か) VS Volitional, conjectural and と思う
Nominalizing する Verbs
幸い Usage with Particles (~で or ~に)
Using 「点」 vs 「所」 vs 「箇所」to refer to a point in a document, description, etc
is this a grammatically sound sentence?
Nuance and current-ness of "ぼくとお茶しませんか"
Meaning of メロメロ, ギッタギタ and のす
Is さようなら still used in real life?
How did 真っ赤 came to mean "downright"?
Does しとこう mean what I think it means in casual speech?
自意識過剰 - what does it mean, exactly?
ければ possibly used to link verbs instead of causation? (visual novel, narration)
what is the use of で in 日本料理は京都の料理でたいへん美味しい
How does つつ work in a sentence like 飲みつつそう言った?
Unfamiliar phrase: ありきたりっちゃありきたり
いい人そう。using "seemingly" そう with nouns?
少しぐらいは and 少しぐらい usage in casual speech
Meaning of ぐらいでいいのでは in 「三回ぐらい噛んで飲み込めるぐらいでいいのでは？」
Is the ending ~ま鶴 just a slang corruption of ~ます?
What could it be: つもりでいた？?
What is wrong with my translation?
How can I say this in japanese?
When writing Japanese when is it appropriate to write vertically?
最終講義・懇親会の出欠連絡の葉書に、伝統的にどんなコメントを書くべきですか。
What do dots next to Hiragana mean in literature?
Difference between 「～かかわらず」 and 「～かまわず」
Can 勝手に決める by itself carry a negative connotation?
Particle Choice: は・が・を - "I want ... to be my ..."
Particle question about で and に
Translating チャレンジ
のに (noni) versus けど (kedo) to mean “but, although" etc
"If you were to ask why, ..."
How do say "close to" re: location?
Can we use negative form before ～てしまう : f.ex. なく+～てしまう？
How would you translate ボタンを掛け違う?
ある or 持つ, what's the difference?
Is the following sentence correct?
Difference between 思った and 思っていた?
未来につなぐ: Precise meaning? Fuzzy marketing buzzword?
Constructions like　[ "direct speech" と noun ]
Difference between using ころ and ころに？
Difference between 「にかかわらず」 and 「にもかかわらず」
Use of わけ in this conversation
甲斐 （かい） usage in present tense
What are kanjimaniacs?
Can this incredibly complex sentence be simplified?
Is レリゴる likely to be understood, and what does it mean?
Understanding これといった〜ない
Usage of Verb て Verb て
What does 形から入る mean?
meaning of もったり
Asking how to say something, why do we say 何といいますか?
The personal agent and indirect object in a passive sentence
Is だ (plain form of です) omittable?
How does the negative form of である get to be ではない?
Which one is better? 鮮魚 or 新鮮な魚?
When does 感謝 happen in 分かるように分かりやすく説明してあげるから感謝しなさいよね！
Why is the negative form of [べき] べからず?
What is the difference between 仲間 and 友達?
Does 同居 have a sexual connotation?
What would be the correct translation of "Something in Japanese"
これまた／なんてこれまた meaning?
Help with nuances of a list please? X や Y も..."X and Y, as well" or "X as well as Y"?
What is (たた）なわり?
How to read 一人 and 人 in those sentences
Can 〜てもいい indicate you are giving yourself permission?
How do you tell when 持つ is stative or dynamic?
Meaning of 「なぜでもだ」
Chotto and sukoshi ....kudasai?
Looking for a kanji/symbol used for counting noodles
What does にして mean in this sentence? (a variant of にしておく)?
When to use 丁寧語 and/or 尊敬語
Explaining pharse 「今日のイチオシ」 - part ~オシ
How do I pronounce these Katakana Onomatopoeia (words that sound like noises)?
In a period of time
"to talk with friends" structure
Something is broken
Radicals: がしら (gashira) endings?
How to translate this sentence about ebooks and reading habits?
Radicals : How to remember suffix-es, readings and positions?
Why does this word have the registered trademark symbol ® on it?
Difference between 類 and 類
Identifying omitted verb phrase
What does '-' mean?
Konya kimi wa boku no mono
What does ～たまえ mean exactly and how do you use it?
How to translate "もしかしてそのスーシおニュー？"?
What is the difference between 一層, 一段と and より一層?
What's the difference between だから, そこで and それで?
Meaning of ゴリゴリの荒いもの
Don't quite understand sentence in Japanese folk-tale video
More questions about 'to be' in japanese
Is the "？" character an official character in Japanese syntax?
How do you know when to use です or います？and when to use the particles は or の？
What's the difference between ために/ため, ように and のに meaning "in order to"?
What is a newspaper 段, exactly?
頑張った...being interpreted as cheering for?
Is ありです a colloquial expression for ありがとう?
Meaning of て　もかまいません
Can 話して歩いた be the same as 話しながら歩いた?
S1 たら S2, with S2 being past tense AND volitional
What's the meaning of the ending じゃないの?
Difference between 彫る【ほる】 (horu) and 刻む【きざむ】 (kizamu)
The meaning of "ありちゅーかありじゃないですか"?
How do I greet a group of people in different time zones?
わかる、分かる、判る，解る - essential difference?
Intrepretation of よく
What does かなり actually mean?
Why was "アオ" used instead of ”あお”?
Explaning the phrase 「注{ちゅう}目{もく}特{とく}集{しゅう}」
How to tell if a word is Sino-Japanese or Yamato
How to translate ギアを収納
Is there a less formal way to say あなた？
Is there any difference between そこで and それで?
What do people mean when they just type こん？
The use of なんというお名前ですか?
How do you say "pair" of people?
Clarification on 人の夢は終わらねェ
How to express an exception, being able to do sth. normally, but not today?
How to say "X if Y"?
A self-introduction for academic purposes
What is the meaning of どうじゃい
Separating words in a sentence
What is this verb form? 見せっこ
思うようにならず - what does it mean?
起きたことを ... proper english rendering?
Can you use the "Ha, Heh, Hee, Ho" method for learning Japanese vowels?
"Masu" verb form vs "Imperfective" verb form
Is there a difference between 爆発しないといい and 爆発しないとよくなる?
What's the meaning of 届けて
What literary purpose is served by not having a verb at the end of the sentence?
Difference between 出席【しゅっせき】する and 参加【さんか】する
help with this sentence from Pokemon (みちに だんさが あるだろ!)
Structure of だから地味になっているかというと、そんなことはなかった
Difference between 母語話者 and ネイティブスピーカー
Is オージー understood by non-Australian Japanese speakers?
Is it easier to learn Chinese after learning Japanese or vice versa?
Significance of と in ~からといって
Connecting adjectives, "does not have to A and B"
What does 兼 mean when it appears next to a person's name in an organizational chart?
Help with 第一夜 by 夏目漱石: 「大きな潤のある眼で、長い睫に包まれた中は、ただ一面に真黒であった」
How do I say "it was the first time X (of this extent) happened?"
Order of verbs in this sentence
What does のに at the end of a sentence mean?
How many Jōyō Kanji are identical to simplified Hanzi?
What is the difference between 「利{り}益{えき}」 and 「利{り}潤{じゅん}」?
What is the difference between 逃{のが}れた and 免{まぬが}れた?
Use of する to describe one's colour
Meaning of "すわりがいい"?
What does " 万寿一 " and " つうさん " mean?
Sentence structure between two clauses question
What does 元本払戻金 mean?
Is this a 仮定形 (kateikei) form, and how to analyse it?
What are the meanings of おはようございません and ありがとうございません?
What does シャリン mean here?
What is the meaning of "くうとうめえから"
Why are Japanese vowels occasionally rhotacised in songs?
Multiple "wo"s in a sentence?
Words for area/district/region: the actual difference between 地区、地帯、地域、地方 (and also 区域)?
Is "げえしゃ" a valid pronunciation of "芸者"?
How to say noun with/without noun
Usage of Heisig radical "big"
Heard that "master of something" is pronounced as 'shokaneen'—could you help me find the right term?
Can someone transliterate this artist's name?
Understanding hiragana-only texts in videogames
名詞＋のない？名詞＋がない？Which one is better here?
ひとこと・いちげん・いちごん - what is the difference?
Using the Nelson index# as a means to order kanji? What do natives use?
Does 'かわいそ' in this context mean 'is pitiful' or 'I feel pity for'?
Use of 何か in this sentence
前 in 十年前の話 - ぜん, まえ, or さき?
When to use もちろん, うん, and はい?
What does it mean to describe a joke as ジェネギャ?
~の帰り - what does this mean?
Can anyone help translate this Kanji?
"Ikkigomi"? Single comment in Japanese
what's the grammar of ださん?
Activity verbs vs Change verbs
What is the difference between [新規]{しんき} and [新]{あたら}しい?
開始三秒 - what does it mean?
How to say "lose a friendship/drift apart"?
What's the difference between 最近、このごろ and 近頃?
独｛ひと｝り善｛よ｝がりの考え - what does it mean?
レアチーズケーキ: Does 「レア」 originally come from "rare" or from "layer"?
Meaning of 「兵法」
と particle usage - am I understanding it correctly?
木 vs 樹 for trees
What does と mean all by itself here?
Why did the author briefly jump to present tense in this article?
What does the word 「こいや」 mean?
Is バッチリ a generally accepted term?
Do Japanese people see ツ as a smiling face?
A bit confused about the usage of どころ?
The meaning of の in この役立たず and お兄ちゃんのばか
を as locational particle
町｛ちょう｝、町｛まち｝、街｛がい｝、街｛まち｝ - how to pick the correct pronunciation?
Omitting は when the topic did not change
When can an adverb use の to modify a noun
Why can は and を sometimes be used interchangeably?
Does this double negative make a positive or negative sentence?
What word describes the concept of worldwide time zones?
when should I use を instead of が?
Why is 渡部 累 transliterated/translated to "Lui Watanabe" with an "L"?
When to use と and こと?
How to describe a recurring/retrieved condition?
Trying to understand 私のこと in this sentence
Translating "I'm yours"; does あなたのもの work?
ところを 見つかる, this was in a highly reputable dictionary
Adverbial Nouns and Temporal Nouns
Is マスカット an accurate translation for "green grape", and what foreign word is it derived from?
Some questions about だけ and clarifications about its nuances
Meaning of "頭に付く"?
記する｛きする｝、 記す｛きす｝、記す｛しるす｝ - how do I use and/or differentiate between them?
Where should I use 租借 {そしゃく} or 賃貸 {ちんたい} or [リース ]{りーす}?
How are items enumerated in Japanese restaurant menus?
Is there a difference between きらい and がすきではありません?
Dear sir or madame.... Japanese Mail Etiquette
Why do the Japanese use loanwords for words that have functional equivalents?
Seeing the invisible の in old names and words
接続助詞は名詞修飾節の中に使えますか？・接続助詞で作る文は他の接続助詞で作る文を修飾できますか？
Difference between んい and に
How is からだ used here?
What's the meaning of ですね in here?
What does the 'あ' do in this sentence 「そいつあけっこうだね」?
is "kanji" an uncountable noun in English?
Difference between 揃う【そろう】 and 集まる【あつまる】
What is the etymology of イギリス?
"again" word: 二度｛にど｝, 再び｛ふたたび｝ - usage, difference
What is the meaning of the sentence "すごかないわよ"?
後だったので v 後で interpretation
How to describe someone who has a "radio voice"?
そういう君は～、 そういうおまえこそ～ - meaning?
How do とは and に/された work in 「N700系とはどこが違う？N700Aに搭載された性能」
Which particle to use to say, "for (occasion)"?
Why is "学生" made "plural" in this newspaper article?
What is the meaning of 「あれほど」?
貰｛もら｝える物は貰っておく (idiom?) meaning
How do you ask if you are understood without being rude?
Why is スタイル used to denote body figure?
連体形＋ようか (casual) - what to make of it?
What's the difference between 呪術【じゅじゅつ】, 魔法【まほう】, 奇術【きじゅつ】, and 魔術【まじゅつ】?
How would you use どうもこうもない?
How to interpret this comma?
Japanese verb to say
Te form + はいる question
How is こちらこそ used?
Noun + さえ + Verb (infinitive)
Meaning behind adding 'め' after someone's name?
What is オレたちゃ a contraction of?
Difference between verb ~ている + (瞬間・とき)
How do は and もの work in this sentence?
How to denote length or any other measurement
What does 花つ月 mean?
Meaning and usage of きっと良{よ}い
Politeness / political correctness and gender polarity of "plural" suffix -等(ら) for 彼 and 彼女 etc
What do I actually call familiar or friendly language?
How do you say "I already can tell (understand) X"?
Exact meaning of も (maybe emphatic?) in a sentence
Meaning and usage of ~としたことが
でありません(でない) vs ではありません(ではない) vs でもありません(でもない)
Meaning of noun + らっけかぁ～
Meaning of <amount of money> + から
When does 明日辺り start and finish?
Is there a kanji for "hacker"?
What are the meanings of 「って」, 「とこ」, and 「ねえで」 in this sentence?
Is there a difference with 胃 and おなか?
Difference between passive and intransitive for positive verbs
Conditional counter-factual, main verb past vs nonpast?
Does 児戯 have the same idiomatic value in Japanese as "child's play" does in English?
Help translating 皆には私の方から話しておこう
Answering exams in Japanese
Could someone please help me understand はまっちゃいそう in this context?
What's the meaning of もらたらす?
Explanation/Usage of 瞬きしては
What are the differences between ように and よう when used to link sentences?
Why does [小っ酷い]【こっぴどい】 mean "very ひどい" rather than "slightly ひどい"?
Meaning of a conjugation of 巡らす (巡らせ)
Difference between 運命 and 命運
How do i say "for every x, show that P(x) is true"?
Is classifying the usage of the conditionals (if/then) like so, correct?
Old fashioned grammar structure?　「きいてみたくてならなかった」
Translating 世界中 in this context, does it literally refer to the "entire world"?
what does "私なりに..." mean?
What is the subject for the following sentence 「ダメ、絶対に逃がさないんだから」?
Multiple common kanji for a word: which to use?
What is the correct way to read chapter numbers? (e.g.: 第1話)
Is there a difference between 終わりたい and 終わってほしい
What does のに mean here?
X times bigger than
What's the difference between 根気【こんき】, 我慢【がまん】, 辛抱【しんぼう】 and 忍耐【にんたい】
What's the difference between 間違える and 誤る?
Meaning of 緑色 in this passage
「深酷」とは　どういう意味ですか
The expression "but" used twice in row in a sentence
誰も used in a positive sentence
How to express "I think I can speak a little Japanese because I have studied a lot" in Japanese?
What's the best way to say "redesign" pertaining to a web page/site?
What is the purpose of the renyokei form + ni part of this sentence?
What is the correct way of saying "see you"?
Ambiguity in meaning of sentences with a noun qualifed by an adjective with が particle
What is the approximate ratio of ways to express agreement vs. disagreement?
Which noun is being modified in アリスがふみとどまろうかと考えるひまもないうちに
"It was not my intention."
Meaning of うりこぼる or うりこぶる - EDIT : AUDIO ADDED
How is 情けは人の為ならず used?
What are they saying and what does it mean?
Exact use of furigana?
Meaning of onomatopoeia バン / ババン / バーン
What does the word 「いってえ」 mean?
Giving and receiving with two 3rd persons
When is using "陳{の}べる" and "知{し}らせる" in place of "教{おし}える" ok?
Can を be left out for this phrase 文句をつける?
Meaning of 日本語が分かる
When to use イギリス and 英国?
Usage of しか～ない in this piece of anime monologue
What is she saying?
Meaning of "生まれし"
Analyzing 「だけど勝つのはいつも金太郎で、大きな体のクマでも金太郎にはかてません」
What does の apply to after a list of items with と?
What do the words じゃが and おるかの mean?
Can その程度 be used for a high degree or with a positive connotation?
Understanding the subtleties behind [noun]する vs [noun]だ
Meaning of 長い間のロマンス in the song 四角革命
What's the difference between 無【な】くす and 失【うしな】う
How do you know what word to write in its kanji correspondence?
Meaning of the phrase 「さわいどるんかの？」
Can と imply と言わんばかりに?
The use of 恩着せがましい with と思う in this sentence
Can とこに配属され be used for being assigned to a position?
Differences between "何度も or 何度でも" and 何回も?
Does the pronunciation of ん change with the sound following it?
Usage and meaning of 仲ばし
What is the function of と in verb-ていると form
Difference between 光る, 輝く, and 光り輝く?
Reading and significance of dakuten with kana for which it normally is not used
Asking somebody of higher social status whether they made a mistake
Why was 邪 chosen to spell the names of 伊邪那岐神 and 伊邪那美神 in the 古事記?
Meaning of ところ in アメリカのいいところ
Difference between て-form and と/や for connecting adjectives/verbs
Meaning and grammar of 〜かというとだね
Meaning of 形 here?
Meaning and usage of 〜してからにしろ
why does "ら" follow "山中{やまなか}" here: "山中ら、予備検診{よびけんしん}で異常{いじょう}なし"
A few Doraemon related questions
What is the difference between spellings しまう、仕舞う、終う、了う?
How do you read 麻色?
Meaning of 光る事は光るが切れそうもない and 何だ指ぐらいこの通りだと
Pronouncing abbreviations, acronyms, letters? (NHK, CM, JR, A...)
(Slang) Way's to say: What's Up/How's It Going
Customer who bought from you in the past, and buys again because they like the product
Adjective negation: difference between 〜くない and 〜くありません
Difference between 〜てみたい and 〜たい
Meaning of 半分間違っているんじゃないかなと思う部分があるから、アメリカチック,アメリカナイズされすぎているっていうか。
Commas and relative clauses
Meaning of 「つりたくない者が、つるわけない」 and 「よけいな心配しないで、のびのびと育ってね」
why does the following title end "...守られる" and not "守られている"? just to save space?
How is the past tense in this sentence translated?
て versus combining-form for joining clauses
「日本では美味しい和食が食べられる」と「日本は美味しい和食が食べられる」は違う？
How is character size dealt with?
What is the meaning of ～しにたちよったんじゃ?
How to say "email me at this mail address"?
How does ようにして work when followed by a verb/al?
How is から used here?
Why is 島 used in the name of some cities?
Could a verb or adjective in the past tense 〜た refer to something no longer true?
Do 〜によれば and 〜によると differ regarding the speaker's opinion of the following statement being true?
Subject and beneficiary of 〜くれる
Trouble with sentence structure and particles
Why are 兄(あに) and 姉(あね) pronounced differently in お兄さん and お姉さん?
How does 一目 work in this sentence?
Meaning of 次の日はないようにする
Difference between the questions 「男じゃないんですか？」 and 「男じゃないですか？」
Mixture of romaji and hiragana in NHK "Meet and Speak"
Meaning of サマんなんない?
The meaning of 「気が合わない人といっしょに生活するぐらいなら、このまま独身でいたい。」
How to say 'they will suffer'?
For furigana, can katakana be used instead of hiragana?
How do adverbs work with multiple clauses in a sentence?
What's the differences between おかず and 食べ物
Understanding particle-ni when there is no verb
What is this strange kanji that looks a bit like 侍, but isn't?
Is it possible to use the 受身形 on a 自動詞
modern meaning of "おやつ"?
Difference between 帰って来る and 帰る
sense of a displaced "adverb" in a sentence written by Sōseki Natsume
Can たい and たがる be used for a 1st/2nd/3rd person's desire?
Are there kanji which are NOT words by themselves (written standalone)?
Pronunciation of the Japanese ん and nasalized vowels
What's this handwritten character?
Connecting adjectives in a sentence
What does the word 「ばあ」mean?
What is the phrase used as a label on the food container to convey "No sugar added"?
What does the word「あるほうで」 mean?
What methods/systems for finding kanji or entering them on a PC tend to be faster than others?
Why 'okane o haraimasu'?
How do you tell when 言っている is progressive or resultive?
matcha versus maccha
The meaning of それを昨日、今日、司教になったようなのが！
Sentence patterns for starting a picture description
How does 〜しなくても済んだだろう work?
"Something came up" in Japanese
収入 or 給料? What should be used when talking about salary or income?
Is [舐]{な}める a stative verb?
Sentence pattern for describing a list of objects
Translation of "I am in college because of work"
Te form standing alone
Meaning of お支払いを希望される方
Auxiliary verb ん
Frequency adverb locations
What do the words 「出ないのって」 and 「だる」mean?
Why does this haiku have a 5-6-5 pattern?
What is 〜んだ and how is it used?
Are the words in Japanese quotes 「」 always literally what is being said?
Difference between 発展、発達、and 開発
What do the words 「ばかこくでねえ」 and 「へえるはずさ」 mean?
Difference between 食事をする/◯◯を食べる
When would と appear at the start of a sentence?
What do the words 「やった台」 and 「はずしてあった」 mean?
Origin of -tai desiderative suffix
"Even a crab" - Japanese proverbs (?)
combining several participle of verb + miru
Question about the usage of "watashi"
What is the difference between ~ru and ~masu?
What are the basic physical differences between japanese poetry and prose?
What does 今日の所は良いでしょう mean here?
Use of は particle when talking about doing things on a certain day
Is the 数 necessary?
Japanese Verbs: Causative form
Does 青少年を外出させないように refer to to letting a youth out alone, or in any circumstances?
The scope of そういうこと
noun + ばかり [exclusivity sense] ambiguity
What do the words 「しとられん」, 「ちゅうて」 and 「おびえとるん」 mean?
Can the onyomi be longer than 2 morae?
Can I say "砂糖ダイエット" ?
What does 「どっか」 mean?
How do I know what the questioner wants me to answer?
In 十日と待たずに what does the と mean?
Why the random katakana in 「すみっコぐらし」?
How would you structure a sentence to say "someday I will go to Japan"?
Can 「奴」 be used to refer to a female?
How do you indicate sections in a report if there are more than 5? (まず、つぎに、さらに、そして、最後に)
What does the word 「すまさんぞ」mean?
Difference between 確{たし}かに and 誠{まこと}に
Meaning of おん after a name
Masculine and Feminine Speech - 行こうか and やめてよ
Volitional + というのだった?
Meaning of 日本に来られたらより理解できる
Qualifying Nouns With verbs and adjectives in japanese
Grammatical name of the form used before -て, -たり, -た, -たら?
Why is イチゴ written in katakana?
What does the word 「ありゃしねえ」mean?
why is there a double "が" here: "... 岐阜県警が捜索したが見つからず、..."?
What's the reading of 二人 in this sentence?
Relative clauses with になる and のなる
Why is it the postposition を used here instead of の?
What distinguishes 恩, 義務, 義理 and 人情 from each other?
Could you tell me how to say 'sounds legit' please? My Japanese is poor
Where does "gold day" originate from?
What does 「おいちゃあ」 mean?
atteita vs atteimashita
How is からである used here?
Verbal forms allowed to determine a noun
Why are a high proportion of basic Japanese words written in hiragana?
How to properly translate: "ドラゴンに食べられそうになったりと" in this context
も Particle before です
Meaning of 持てない in 充電中は持てないほど暑くなるんだけど
The usage of "性【しょう】に合う合わない"
He and I are similar in that
meaning of "たけしみたく、「５月病」にかかっている"?
Is the verb 向く transitive or intransitive?
Providing definitions/explanations with というのは　～　のこと/ということだ
help with translation! what's ようわからんなんて?
What does 「ときている」 mean?
Translation of the sentence and its relation with the text in circle brackets
verb versus noun + する
What is the purpose of もの in this sentence?
Meaning of って followed by のが?
How are particles perceived at an expert level?
"How to say this in Japanese?"
Psychological state verb + みる auxiliary?
I have some question about てけない
Is there a word that describes greenish-blue colours (of any shade)?
くだけた日本語 towards people you dislike?
Translation help please – Meaning of 「〜というが」
The meaning of に in [切り出すに切り出せず]
あなたはすき vs あなたをすき
燻る｛いぶる｝、燻る｛くすぶる｝、燻る｛くゆる｝ - difference?
Can girls use だよね?
How to distinguish between handwritten ソ and ン?
Which translation of "Mongolia" is most suitable for everyday use?
What is the meaning of using でば to end a sentence?
Adverbs that can modify other adverbs / adverbials?
Classical form of 落{お}ちる
Can you use V-ます before から？
Conditionals applied to verbs
What does 「はだ」 mean?
Can girls say いいな?
こんにちは and こんばんは only once a day per person?
単語を十個 or 十個単語を - quantifiers before or after direct objects
Understanding 「あきらめたらそこで試合終了なので、最後まで頑張ります」
漢字の読み方 versus 漢字を読むの
Apparently unrelated 音読み?
How would I say "when [x] happened"?
Need help translating a sentence - あるひ?
What are the ways to express someone's condolences?
What's it called when furigana push characters apart because they're so long?
Acceptability of 〜ようとしよう vs. 〜ことにしよう
manzai vs banzai
correct usage of 'There be ...' construction and 'somebody has something'
What is this verb form - 通れ
Why is the order of bottom-left radicals different for some kanji?
Modal expressions in "He must be Japanese" - に決まっている and ぜひ・きっと・必ず
Why is another photo referred to as もう一丁?
Meaning of だけども / ですけども
Confusion with passive voice
The "3 highs" and "3 lows" when choosing a husband
へい as agreement
～うございます construction
Is "して" dropped in this phrase "ご利用{りよう}ください"?
Add English nuances to Japanese "いいえ"
'I'm glad I look like my mother'
Pronunciation of 三分 when it means three minutes
相 used in names
How to say "my experience at place X"?
How to say "I need more of X"? - usage of 「ひつよう」
Does 「わるいところ」also have the meaning of "negative aspect of X"
Rosetta Stone's usage of kana for words instead of kanji
How to ask someone to do something for you
The meaning of さすがにこれは同情する
ばかり usage in 目もくらむばかりの宝石の山
Use of に in this sentence
Asking about "time sent" and "time received"
Adverbial Clauses
Why is connective form missing from this sentence?
Can a man address a woman with sama 様【さま】?
Emphatic / Focus loss upon translating between active and passive sentences?
How did 逸 come to feature in pleasure/idleness words?
Trying to understand numbers
What's the difference between 信じる, 信用する and 信頼する?
Does 'this friday' take に
What does こと　mean in 彼らは騒々しいことおびただしい?
What is the difference between 良い and いい?
I think it's incorrect: 小さいのより大きい方がいいです。 is it?
What do the words 「きてやった」 mean?
The logic behind kanji choice for country name ateji
Which particle(s) can be used to list nominalised verbs?
Regarding the word あたくし
Are there any differences between 仕事 and 作業
How common/formal is あたくし?
Is this sentence correct？
Why are there multiple katakana readings for a single kanji?
What is the meaning of the word たんじゃ?
Explaining Tense in Japanese
How much does it matter if I use the wrong 'if'?
Confusion on usage of か marking alternatives with verbs
What is the meaning of 第ー部
Neutral vs. Exhaustive が
can one ever say "おいかがですか？"
What's the difference between 復帰, 復元 and 復旧
Can か follow である?
Making sense of inflections and conjugated forms
How should the proverb "能ある鷹は爪を隠す" be understood?
Was katakana used in the teaching of Japanese as a foreign language?
How to distinguish between う/よう of volition and suggestion?
Difference between 今{こん}後{ご} and 未{み}来{らい}
When particle mo is used to mean also, particle wa is omitted. Does mo also replace ga?
What are the principles behind turning foreign language words into verbs?(e.g. ググる and サボる)
Differences between 'must'
How to ask if others want to do something?
Is "俎板の上の鯉" related to the Vietnamese phrase "như cá nằm trên thớt"?
The 普通形 of a verb in Japanese - future and habitual interpretations
Why is ゟ considered obsolete?
Is the interjection おう really a Chinese loanword?
Is ごめんなさいませ idiomatic?
Can 思う take を and と at the same time?
How many unique on'yomi are there?
Difference between 遍 and 度/回 in occurences
～んだね as command
Why are the verb groups in Japanese called "consonant-stem" and "vowel-stem"?
Beginner miscomprehension of spoken Japanese - finding wrong word boundaries
What does orIF mean in the middle of this Japanese sentence?
What is the denotation of 方言？
Difference between もう いい です and もう けっこう です
What does 許しを乞い mean?
Were western soldiers called "鬼畜{きちく}米兵{べいへい}" in WW2?
Intransitive verbs and ている
What is the direct translation of ゆっくりする in English?
Translation - "form" (internet form you fill out, NOT an application)
名前 - used for the name of something?
Thank you note to Japanese professor
childish manner of speaking
Can a 皇帝 be female?
Parsing and making sense of this sentence with multiple が's
Usage distinction between 季節 and 季
In front of "ほうがいい," is it always past tense?
The origins and mechanics of pitch accent in SJ compounds
Meaning of グリッて
Difference between 頼む and 聞く
"Last edited by" - how to translate?
Difference between 内側 and 中
Was 蒙古症 or similar words commonly used to refer to Down Syndrome?
て form of adjective in 'no matter how much' clause
How do you say "chunky" or "congealed" in Japanese?
How to accuse someone of lying
Can ゐ/ヰ be combined with ゃゅょ/ャュョ?
Why these words, 「お読み」 and 「お使い」 do not use te-form in this sentence?
What is the use of か in 売り始めるか〜
(When) can you use dictionary form with 間? / 辞書形と「間」は（どんな時に）一緒に使えますか？
連用形＋は＋せん　（殺しはせん。） meaning?
Particle と in "Feliksas と申します。"
What do つれて and いくと mean here?
Does 文 refer only to written sentences, or can it be used for spoken sentences as well?
Can you make an adverb from a noun by adding に?
Why does 日本語{にほんご} mean Japanese?
Difference in usage/nuance between 厚生, 福祉, 福利 and 生活保護
What's the meaning of this pastry pun?
i-adjective followed by だ
Question about で in this sentence: 今日だけは悲しいままでいさせてほしい。
Difference between 誠, 実, and 本当
Referring to the English language
名 and 名前 - the difference
Trying to understand the use of が as の
What is the etymology of the "emphatic" ない?
Use of question particles in plain speech
Do Japanese actually pronounce the "v" sound?
How to pronounce 繁栄 han'ei?
Are there verbs that simply cannot work alone under any circumstances?
Pronunciation of マッハ or シャッフル
The meaning of 司る
Meaning of 間合いを外す
Difference between （「~~~」と話した） and （「~~~」と語った）?
Sentence Polarity when connecting sentences/clauses with て/で
Where does the な in 大人 (otona) come from?
How to say 'in 10 minutes' as in 'the bus comes in 10 minutes'?
Using と to link clauses instead of て
Meaning of 私がではない
What is that suspentive の particle?
The positive ～じゃない
sentential modifiers(?) and relative clause question
What is the difference between できました and しました?
When to use kanji (e.g. 出来る vs. できる)
If 鳥肉 is chicken meat, what is duck meat?
What is the name for the mixed ingredients in a bowl?
"The way she went about things" as 彼のする方
Can any 名詞をする be shorten as 名詞する?
What is 帰す form here?
Why と言っていました and not と言いました
Is there a female version of ikemen?
How to translate 以前の問題
What does the word 「ようく」mean?
Situational use of politeness
What does the word 「っぷち」 mean?
What is the female equivalent for 「ご主人様」 or "master?"
How does 「から」 work in regards to 「だから」 and 「ですから」?
「万が一の場合」vs「念のために」?
What does the word 「ぶったてる」mean?
grammar of a sentence explaining a 四字熟語{よじじゅくご}
What is the formal way to say "しょっちゅう"?
Use of quote marker と before unusual verbs
頭がいい人 versus 頭が切れる人
ごめんよ - what is it?
Told About Something
How do I properly tell someone to proceed with a transaction in an email?
What does the 「とって」 mean?
What is the difference between Hatsu and Saisho?
What does 尿が近い and 尿が遠い mean?
Sentence ending with こと or もの in mathematics definitions
かい and だい - age?
Use of ◯ in titles
Why does ようになる become ようになりました (past tense)?
貸してもいいですか versus 借りてもいいですか
Can『ます形』やすい and 『ます形』にくい be rephrased as やすく『ます形』and にくく『ます形』?
What does the word 「とまあ」mean?
What does mou もう mean with non-past verb?
What does " 自分の胸に聞いて頂戴 " mean? Not Literally
Can a sentence end in a noun?
売る exact usage/meaning
How can I translate 打った人は誰ですか?
Listing modifiers with 〜であり
Why do we use は rather than に in インタネットがとても遅い時は、切腹したいです?
Etymology of とにかく
Can somebody please please help me translate this...?
Validity of 紅葉が出来る?
"Also..." interjection in Japanese; appending an additional request or afterthought
Does XをYと感じる　here mean to feel X to be Y?
The meaning of the phrase 'sou janai' (romaji)
Can "yee ka ka desu ka" mean "how are you?"
Can someone help me understand this? (From the terms to an insurance policy)
In what type of social settings could one say "百姓{ひゃくしょう}"?
What does the word 「してやせんっ」 mean?
About: 開いた口がふさがらない
いろいろ質問する versus いろいろな質問する
Is the phrase 僕も私も used in ordinary speech?
Can't quite parse these sentences
On the grammar of みんな見るメロ
Trouble understanding the meaning of 怒った肩 here
Can someone help me identify this font?
Please clarify how to choose 屋根{やね} vs. 屋上{おくじょう}
Idina Menzel pronounces "Sayaka" ( 沙也加 )?
The difference between using 元気 and 宜しい/宜しく
In daily conversation, frogs are called かえる not かわず, right?
When does 今に refer to?
Can an adjective modify a na-adjective?
Native pronunciation of the character "し”
Problem parsing this sentence, particle (postposition) の
Grammatical Pattern : VerbてのNoun
（美化語）なさい - sound
Do 見える - 見せる come from 見る?
Meaning of 顔をする?
Confusion in choosing either 見やすい or 読みやすい
What does 「きみをしたって きたというが」 mean?
What does いいんだな mean?
What does 頭をひねった mean?
What do Japanese signatures look like?
"雷{かみなり}" is thunder, or lightning, or both?
Counter before or after noun
Difference between "腹{はら}" and "お腹{なか}" is not 敬語{けいご}?
What's the story behind 黒 and 黑? Why are they different?
Difference between と and とは
Phrases to describe looking something up somewhere other than a dictionary
Does チャンプルー come from Indonesian?
Where does the れ reading of 落 in 洒落 come from?
Understanding the particle の when used with the verb 知る
Use of けど in a sentence from my textbook
Please explain the end of this conversation, especially the あってこそ part of it
What does the Japanese onomatopoeia もきゅもきゅ mean?
Would 日末 be a reasonable opposite to 日本?
What does そこんところ mean?
A Question About the Suffix さ
How was Japanese animism referred to before 国家神道 (State Shinto) was created?
What does the word 「したって　こられりゃ」 mean?
How to tell whether a building is マンション or アパート
what's difference between による and によって?
How can 【所】に【物】があります be converted to 【物】は【所】です?
What does 「ことにならあね」 mean?
Help understanding 案ずるより産むが易し
If 結婚 is written as 結{けっ}婚{こん} rather than 結{け}っ婚{こん}, why do we write 持{も}って rather than 持{もっ}て?
When to use くれる/もらう
Meaning of sentence
Can volitional form mean 'you should ...'
Are 臭い{くさい} and 腐る{くさる} related?
Unable to understand grammar/meaning here
What does ヶ mean here?
Question about に and には in terms of emphasis
Do you need a question mark to indicate a question in Japanese?
In what contexts might one say "風呂{ふろ}" instead of "お[風呂]{ふろ}"?
Why is hiragana used in the middle of this compound word? (障害者 vs 障がい者)
Meaning of 当分先 (まあ当分先だろうな)
Difference between「広げる」、「拡げる」
Polite/nice way to ask for a language exchange partner
Translating "数年の歳月" in this context, is it a unit of time?
Possible idiom or grammar structure I don't understand
Does 京都 use じゃ、や、or だ？
Can キーウィ be used to mean New Zealander?
How to say ''Mathematics is the most beautiful and powerful creation of human spirit" in Japanese?
Is there any difference for using 連用形 vs 連体形 when listing 形容動詞 to modify a 名詞?
Change of viewpoint in mid-sentence
How to say "I see things differently than any others do" in Japanese?
What kind of kanji is this?
Can "が" ever mark the direct object?
Can't find this kanji
Why can 言ってんじゃねーぞ be an order?
What is じゃねんじゃ.. My friend say it is Tsukkomi but I don't get it
Meaning of 「半日相撲をとりつづけに取ったら...」
How does present tense work in Japanese narration?
Nuance between 天, 空 and 大空 and between 地, 大地 and 土地
The usage of という in questions
How to simplify a sentence with multiple ながら + たり?
困りました or 困っています
Spellings of あなた（がた）
How to express that you "find" something boring, interesting etc
Difference between を話す and で話す
Generic title for children?
Why is "saying" used for the translation of 言う?
Difference between 怪しい and 疑わしい
箱の中に何がありますか versus 箱の中に何がいますか when I don't know whether it is an animal or object
difference between 実際 and 実態
Generic title for children redux & referring to self in the context of children
What is the meaning of the word 「から」 in this sentence?
Questions about the words 「いくつ」and 「あってもたりゃ」
What does 度量が知れる mean?
こちらの vs この when referring to something
Humble language for other people as an insult
What are the different ways to use までもない?
I'm trying to modify "cogito ergo sum" into "I write, therefore I am" - am I doing it right?
Problems with some Japanese words
How to parse 中国人で日本語が話せる方は、お電話ください。
What does the word 「やり」 mean?
Does つまらない mean to be boring and bored or just boring
How to make comparisons using "like" in japanese?
Implicit topic switching
Are ミツバチ and イルカ more frequently written in katakana?
What is んでいます and why use it?
Meaning of 一丁前にご指摘失礼しました
Who is doing the action?
What is the purpose of adding と?
Reference of そのこと in the following passage
Differences between する, 及ぼす, 与える with 影響?
Use of と見える in this sentence
Use of に in 「私には本物の若殿様がわかります」
Difference between 簡単{かんたん} and 易しい{やさしい}
What are the subtleties of "て Form＋くる"?
What does と do in this sentence?
The usage of いや in response to questions
What role does もう play in this sentence?
中{なか} vs 中{ちゅう}
Help with お逃げになられるとは
"You know what they say..." in Japanese
Why are the words 「とうもろこし」 and 「とうきび」 used more commonly in Hokkaido than 「コーン」?
Why is there no agent marker in this sentence?
What is the difference between 気がする and 気はする?
How 二週間 can be used to say "In two weeks..."
How to say something is not unusually x
Difference between 信用 and 信頼 and when to use which?
What does 「もつか」 mean in this sentence?
"Understand that..." in Japanese
The meaning of という in 言うことを聞かないというのなら
Can someone please help me identify the first kanji in the image?
What does 「たまらん」 mean?
How to parse どうかなさいましたか and what does it mean in English?
What does the word 「よりうけ」 mean?
The difference between しなければ and するのでなければ?
What is the て-form doing in this sentence?
What does ムカつく refer to in this situation
neighbor, but on which side?
Could someone help me identify this kanji?
Using both と and を with the verb 言う？
Where can I find the nuance/meaning differences between words with different kanji options?
Japanese Term for "Cutscene"?
～くする or ～にする versus ～くなる or ～になる
What does 「だける」means in this sentence?
Is イングリッシュ a good translation of "Engrish"?
耳をすます、何といみですか？what does it mean?
"この" vs "こちらの" with regard to implied plurality
What is the difference between びっくりした and びっくりするじゃないの
How are twins addressed by their teacher at school?
Can "コンピュータ" be interpreted to include smartphones and tablets?
What does the 「おかけしやして」mean?
Does there exist a poem that uses direction to change its meaning?
Is it okay to use お帰りなさい on a collegue?
What is the て form of しない?
What is the difference between 家{うち}の子{こ}供{ども} versus 私{わたし}の子{こ}供{ども}?
What does the word 「たたっ」 mean?
What does 印象 refer to in 印象に残る?
Kanji from an image
What is the polite way to say, "move?"
The meaning of そう
When do we have to use ～行くと思っている and ～行こうと思っている ?
What does 「そのせい」 mean?
～て、～て、～します versus ～てから、～てから、～します
Use and examples of 違う
What is the difference between 落とす and なくす?
Is でござる used in Modern Society?
How do Japanese speakers transition from polite to plain form amongst friends?
どうしますか versus 何をしますか
Use of numbers in descriptions
Can using ある in place of いる be offensive?
Why are japanese comic storyboards called names (ネーム)?
副詞 before copula
How to address a formal email response to a 学会本部事務局 when you don't know if the person is a 教授 or not?
How to concatenate negative form of verbs to make use of the pattern ～て、～て、～します?
How does the present tense work in a relative clause?
The meaning of "大好きなこのアリアカンパニーで無理に行き先を決めずゆっくり行こう” and to who it is said
The meaning of する in もっと楽しそうにしたらどうなの
僕 in 敬語 - is it possible?
What is とう in 行きとうない
Questions about the phrase 「きっとおなががすいているだろう」?
Hierarchy of management titles in Japanese companies
どうやってしますか versus どうすればいいですか
Difference between 入れる{いれる} and つける when expressing 'switch on'
Does Japanese use litotes?
Difference between 損害 and 被害
Japanese Dog Training Commands
Confusing clause in middle of sentence
Meaning of 「逃げることないじゃん！」
What could be our Honbu name?
What is the meaning of 絶対零度の怒り?
What does に do here?
The usage of そんな感じに to end a scene in narration
Past Unreal Conditional
針音ノ時計塔 or 時計塔ノ針音?
人間 vs 人 to refer to an individual?
How to correctly intepret the following clause?
手を貸す and 'lend a hand' - coincidence?
Are there words still containing を either officially or colloquially?
Usage of と in 明日は来られないと先生に伝えてください
What is a 甘えるような態度?
Confused with an relative clause in active and passive form
Relationship between どゆこと and どういうこと
っぺがやる following 連用形
Does this sound like a native speaker?
How to say "please be strict with me" in Japanese
Difference between のに and というのに
What does ホッチキスでとめる mean?
Why might this device have both 原稿面上向き and 送信面上向き as equivalents of "face up"?
規則性の無い meaning and usage
What does the word 「やで」 mean?
How is しまえば used? In what context and how it should translated to?
How would you say " If you'd like to speak English, it's fine by me"?
Plural form with -たち／-ら
How does a single verb construct work when it has both honorific and humble auxiliaries?
Is my understanding for the phrase, なくてはならなくなる correct?
Difference between ことから and から
How should かしら be used in the middle of the sentence?
Why is 先 needed in アルバイト先で?
What is the explanation for the archaic attributive particle が becoming a modern subject particle?
How should 手は打ってくる be translated?
Why don't we use ～なくて instead of ～ないで?
Difference between とあれば、にあって、とあって
Difference between 「にかかわらず」 and 「を問わず」
What are the best words to convey the same meaning of scab and dead skin, respectively?
あなた when a guy says that to a girl
Word for "British"? (I don't mean "English / イギリス")
What's the difference between the ni and de particles?
What does the word 「しとったんや」 mean?
What does 席を開ける mean here?
Is the phrase うちに上がる still compatible for non-Japanese style houses?
Using 持っていく with people
ある、いる、and いるの in this sentence
Explanatory 「の」 particle being used twice in the same phrase
Should the color of Japanese stoplights really translate to "red / yellow / blue"?
What are the と, という, and の doing in this sentence?
Using からが、からで、からに and からは
The concept of past perfect in Japanese ～たのでした　～たのです
Te-form beginner question
Correct way of saying 'I did not see people in the library'
The meaning of モン in 上手いモンでしょう
A japanese saying "一をいうと十返ってくる"
"to offer" in Japanese?
What does the word 「いつの間に」 mean?
How to say "The girl who likes being photographed is my friend"?
How are the adjectives conjugated to izenkei (うれしけれ, たのしけれ) used here?
Can で mean 'and'?
する際 and 穴埋め meaning along with として
What does the word 「間すらない」 mean?
The usage of とは in 緊急招集とは、おだやかではないな
What do the これ in これは失礼しました and これはしまった refer to?
Struggling to parse last section of 「あんた　子どもたちを　森へ　すててきておくれ」
How to ask whether a dish is pescetarian-friendly?
Is the conditional, volitional, AND passive form of verbs used?
What does 「ふうに」 exactly mean?
Is 「ごとと」 used as a particle or just plain word?
Font used to create handwriting worksheets by primary teachers to teach Hiragana
How to say "I was/am annoyed with myself"?
Resources for learning business Japanese
Can 連れていく be used with someone with a higher social status?
When to use Vている and when to use the dictionary form?
Embedded question followed by と
Is it common to shorten 感じがする to 感じ?
What does でもわかる mean and what does あって+か do?
Calling someone older brother/sister and the implications on relationships
What does ''Kono watashi ga'' mean?
How to appropriately pair tenses in subordinate and main clauses?
What does わけ do in this sentence?
Etymologically why do some words have explicit potential sense while others don't have?
trying to learn reading Japanese
Question about とき
Question conserning using とかしたら
Would it make sense to say お好きに僕に連絡かけてください?
How to say "to be out of it" in Japanese?
Doesn't Japan call North Korea "北朝鮮" ? why?
Express the idea of "I was supposed"
Is アルコール from Portuguese?
Meaning of 生じてきたことを喜ぶことのできる心の余裕を持ちたい
Security guard nuances: 警備員 vs. 守衛
AはBにある versus BにAがある
The correct word to say "somehow" in different situations?
When to use べき and when to use べし
What does this そういうことよ mean?
Why is が used here?
What does the word 「すみっちょ」 mean?
What does 「片付けといてくれ」 mean?
Why are words sometimes broken into syllables when said?
て form followed by て, 「見てて」
usage of 情けない反応
Is it valid to ask このグラフによると、カイロの人口がいつ増えてきましたか?
Use of と and meaning of 色々 in this sentence
Difference between 青々とした and 青々した?
What function does とは have here? Is に omitted here?
Complex subjects like “The [noun] that I can't [verb] is [verb]”
What does the word 「いいんスよ」 mean?
Where does げ come from?
What does 『なのよさ』 at the end of a sentence mean?
Why is the sound "cha" spelled as ちゃ rather than ちぁ?
What makes 『青年』 and 『少年』 different?
How to call the game where you have to find where a picture was taken?
The meaning of 激ギレ
Nuances in context- なぜそんなことをしたのか - why he did it, or what caused him to do it?
The meaning of 手が出せない
Do I have the right idea with ～てきた here?
what does 無駄にコマから出てくるな mean?
How to write 'seaweed'?
Am I interpreting も correctly in this sentence?
なでしこ (the football team)
そこには私一人しかいなかった - why not "私は"?
What's the difference between 歩んでいった and 歩んできた?
The meaning of 美味しいクッキーで子供たちに大人気
Is modern day keigo borrowed from kansai-ben? Sources?
Asking someone to sing a song with me
Are there more い adjectives or more だ adjectives?
What is the correct reading for the names 小此木 and 廣?
Is しようしよう here same as しよう?
The subjects of 言わないと分からない in this monologue
Meaning of すい歴史
How to say "I recently learned how to speak japanese" in japanese?
My Japanese friend often says 中(なか) in our real life conversations - what does it mean?
Is there a counter for part-time jobs?
くれる, あげる, and もらう
Differentiating ethnicity and nationality in japanese
落ちてしまいました versus 落としてしまいました
Shashin onegaishimasu / しゃしん おねがいします - informally acceptable?
Pronunciation of Ōsaka / 大阪 / おおさか / オオサカ
あんまり versus あまり
Difference between 鼻先 and 鼻の頭
出てこないと気持ちは落ち着かない meaning
Using 尊敬語・謙譲語 but not 丁寧語 on the same target
Difference between だの and など/とか
What's the meaning of どんどんいくぞ/わよ?
犬と猫が好き or 犬も猫も好き, which one is correct?
Is there any difference between 早く終われば and 早く終わったら?
なくちゃ is the short informal of なくてはいけません but why is there なくちゃいけないの rather than なくちゃの?
"to bite *back*"?
How to say "Don't treat me coldly"?
What does the word 「つなぎゃ」mean?
Can I say "考え迷う"?
Weird term 真綿感. What does it mean?
Use of こうして in this sentence
Two words, same meaning, used together?
How to say I want to make an appointment?
Why is こんにちは pronounced as konnichiwa?
Leaving out particles before adjectives/verbs?
What is the direction of に in this sentence?
What's the difference between [四]{し}の[五]{ご}の言う and 文句を言う?
Dazai Osamu - 人間失格 「自分は[無]{む}だ、[風]{かぜ}だ、[空]{そら}だ」 grammar?
手えふった - what is the "え” here?
What kind of conjugation is 謝んなくった？
What does 出来になる mean?
Why is やっぱり (yappari) spelled the way it is?
What is the difference between 踊り and ダンス
How do you say "of good stock" vs. "of weak stock" in Japanese?
Do dictionaries indicate whether a verb should be used with -て + いる form?
The grammar of verb in ば form followed by いい
死亡者がいる, or 死亡者がある? Which is correct?
How to translate historical names which don't necessarily have an equivalent in Japanese?
Help with translation of こともあって
What does "zurusona" mean?
How do you say "a brush-shop clerk" in Japanese?
そうですか versus そうなんですか
Difference between "山を登ったり、降りたり...." and "山を登って、降りて..."
How do you say terms of endearment (pet names) in Japanese?
日本人は「面白い」と聞いて何を感じますか？
The meaning of the で in 勢いで
Is there a more natural way of asking this:「どんなカメラを使いましたか。」?
母 stroke order irregular compared to 日
Natural way to understand 景気の善し悪しが影響するという
Translation of Anohito あのひと
The usage of 様{さま} (-sama) honorific
Does 「7分の1」 mean 1:7 in this sentence?
The difference between wa and ga
How do you write "translation mine" in Japanese for academic writing?
Does the term 大和撫子 predate WWII, or was there an equivalent term for the ideal Japanese lady?
What exactly is the subject?
What is the meaning/purpose of コ in ちょっとイケないコになっちゃう
Is いけません used as an interjection like いけない？
Are there any terms used to refer to people of the anime/manga fandom in a non-derogatory manner?
Translation-Question:
What does the word 「なんざ」 mean?
How to say "do you identify with"?
How to say "at this rate"?
What is the difference between 「帰る」and 「帰れる」？
In Japanese, how do you tell the reader that a quotation is literally translated from the original when the original sounds strange?
What is the meaning of そう君と二人 in the sentence below?
What is the これで in これで失礼します
Why do they say 'kawaii' for 'poor thing'?
When do I use domo instead of arigato?
Is there a Japanese word for "XY problem"?
Is the negative in ゆめ人に洩らし給えそ implicit?
What is と in this sentence?
Does the Japanese equivalent of a lengthy combination of hyphenated English words exist?
What is the purpose of なの in これらの話は本当のことなのか?
What does 炸裂 mean here?
What's the difference between どこ and なん in this exercise?
少し日本語を話します and 少し日本語を話せます - What's the difference?
Meaning of 誰もいはしない in this sentence
What is the real meaning of せずに in Japaneses language?
Can なる be used like this?
Is it okay to say 日本語を好き?
とは、では、には Understanding of double particles
The grammar of 世話になる
What does this Verb+Noun structure mean and how to use it?
「聞こえなくなった」 or 「聞けなくなった」?
Polite way to ask about something that I previously requested
In Japanese, how do you say you will skip ahead past one section for time's sake while reading aloud to an audience?
Does ゆく mean 征く in this line?
What does こういうの refer to in こういうのって天然が一番怖いのよ
What distinguishes the different ways to say something must be done? (E.G. しなくてはだめ、しなくてはならない、しなくてはいけない and so on)
Do even Kansai women use the ～ん negative?
When is it natural to use で and に and when not to use them
Can the tense of a subordinate clause be non-relative?
ほら and ほれ - the difference
How to read 二、三日
Meaning of おともだちになるあくしゅ
Use of というような in this sentence
Understanding correct choice on N1 grammar question
Question about the meaning of 内外
What exactly is 駄目 in this 突っ込み?
Is 長生きはするもんな a set phrase?
How to refer to a fixed number of things
What is Naruto saying in this video?
Nominalisation and は
What does そういうところがです mean in this exchange?
What does 違う mean in this "なんか違うわよね、これ"
「Vていった」 v.s. 「Vてきた」 in the case of 「お花しおれてっちゃった」
What does こっちの方 refer to here?
【対する】と【への】はどう違いますか。
"on the drive home" / "while I was driving home"?
New usage for the particle に
ヤマトナデシコ七変化 translation
What is the term (if any) for heaty and cooling foods in Japanese?
Japanese for the tech industry
Explanatory の particle in question
Does "さよならだけは言わないで" mean "don't only say goodbye" or "don't say goodbye"?
What is the meaning/usage of あのね/あのな at the start of a sentence?
Different ways to refer to oneself (2-in-1 question)
Saying "you're welcome" at the workplace
Meaning of これ、聞いたほうがいいのかな?
What does the word 「とかいう歌」 mean?
Grammar of 彼の日本語のレベルは私と同じくらいだ
Sentence ending with でもあった
Meaning of なんか面白いことが起こりそうな予感
Does the "odo odo" in this question mean fearful?
What does おつかれさまでしたどぞ means
Outlining methods in Japanese
Use of である in formal writing after volitional form
When to use the particle 'ga' in questions?
息がつく（つける） and 息をつく（つける） difference?
まあいいじゃん meaning
「セイン星矢」 v.s. 「セイント星矢」 in the opening song of 「聖闘士星矢」
"over in the blink of an eye"?
ついかっとなってしまう meaning
Still confused with tenses
What do I have to say when accepting my employer's request to be a LINE friend?
Need help understanding 住んでいました
Why importing words from other languages rather than building new ones from existing kanji?
What does ば do in this sentence?
What does it mean to use a する verb without する?
Can と be used to restate a noun?
みぜんけい or れんようけい form for ない conjugation of i-adjectives
Meaning of ゆとり　in this sentence
Past tense of 楽しそう？
手を出す -- how to use it?
Can you explain this a little better?
Don't understand the situation in a shin chan comic strip
What's the difference between つれて行く and 送りします
Study names end in 論 - criteria?
What's the counter for episodes?
Letter change in counting strides
Stem of ます-form as conjuction
Translating 「こんなばかな私をどうして愛してくれるの？」
in 買っては, I need some explanation for っては part
Correct verb for the subject
Is the verb in 受話器から変な音がして止まらない future tense?
Meaning of 冷たいのは違う
This is pretty long, do you say this fully or is it one or the other? Also what does it mean? では・じゃ｝ありません
What does it mean to 暑苦しく語る?
What's the difference between まねをする and ふりをする?
What is the difference between 「届け」and 「届ける」？
When referring to herself, is there any pronoun other than お母さん when speaking to her children?
Correct verb tenses for if-would-type sentences
「〜たはいいが、……」grammar pattern
Oddly structured "-ba" verb
見える versus 見られる
How to express "evolved to eat X"?
What does とくと mean?
Which is the difference of meaning beetween 業 and 行?
Usage of ひゃっほーい?
Can't understand なら usage in this context
What is the Japanese term for putting an arm around another's shoulder?
proper usage of 出かける
How to parse the following long announcement?
'nihongo ga wakarimasen' vs 'nihongo wo hanashimasen' ga and wo usage?
Does this sentence have a good or bad meaning?
Is the Kansai あかん a negated verb?
Can you transform "[wanter]-wa [wanted thing]-ga hoshii" to "[wanter]-ni [wanted thing]-ga hoshii"? Or anything else?
Difference between 月曜 and 月曜日
Usage of ～を好き outside of embedded clauses
How has japanese writing changed in the last century?
Sentences ending in て
Expressing the concept of "instead"
Is へ and に interchangeable in these cases?
Heisig story #30 (Nightbreak) 旦, shouldn't it mean "daybreak" instead?
A different way to join i-adjectives
Verb in ている form ends with しまう
What does a 交番 look like?
Alternative word to "お[巡]{まわ}りさん"?
Kanji or kana in お待ちください
The word for "season" (US) or "series" (UK)?
What does 「て」 mean in 「読んでて」 (te-form + て)?
How does this relative clause work?
What is the difference between 判{わか}る and 分{わ}かる?
Use of 時 with different verb conjugations
Is there a Japanese word or phrase for the chemistry in a relationship?
What kanji is used to write かん in 会話かん?
Is there an order of adjectives in Japanese?
Can 作る mean "buy"?
Relative clauses targeting different parts
How can you express to the creator that you enjoyed a book/performance/album?
山口さんはアメリカに行くことにした Question
When did the word 「女性観」 come into standard usage? Is it a more politically-correct form of 「婦人観」?
Difference between car 損保 and 車両保険
Farewell message - 悔しさをバネに
には in this context
Is "暴走する" accurately translated as "Out of control" or a synonym of such, in this context?
Is this translation correct? Or is it saying "Even with that, we can't do this" instead of "Without that, we can't do this"?
Use of the particle を/に indicating target of an action - animate vs inanimate?
What does 「例によって例のごとくや」 mean?
What does 「やりい」 mean?
comparing quantities
"Unfindable" character in song
おる in honorific contexts
～く form of i-adjectives
What does いくつか mean in the phrase いくつかの種類?
Breakdown of どうなってる
What is the difference between 得意 and 上手?
How to situationally respond to 「お元気ですか」?
What is "slatwall shelving" in Japanese?
Meaning of それと in this context
How do you say "beware the cats" in Japanese?
Understanding why the sentence sounds strange
"to fight" in this context?
"on a scale of 1 to 10"?
Jlpt/n5q5: 弟は部屋◯掃除をしました。◯: の versus に option
What is the grammar of "ごく" in "ごくかすか" mean?
The Tohoku use of だ
Difference between passive form and てある
Need help with translating 今更聞くのもアレなんだけど
conditionals: "...といったら、...." vs. "...というなら、..."?
why translate to「周囲の林が暗くなっている」?
mochiron or mochirong
A word for 'clothed' or 'decent'?
What is the meaning of 「こわあてかなわんで」?
A sentence that must consist of 終わられる, しまう, and よう
Can を be used when asking for how many of an object?
Why does this sentence use と here?
How to approximate the phrase "bring to life"
Understanding この場合〜なんだろうけど
What does the word 「よっとな！」　mean?
How do I say "salmon hand roll"?
What does the word 「おけっ」 mean?
What is the word to convey the same meaning as the replacement money?
How would you translate "新聞の民主性"?
Need help understanding causative and passive form
Is there a traditional Japanese kana song or otherwise how are babies familiarised with kana?
What does the word 「どいとれっ」 mean?
When and why use という/ということ
How to choose between 取る and 受け取る
Difference between "前々から" and "昔から"?
Is there any significant difference in meaning between 便利な安い物 and 便利で安い物?
Can なっている represent an ongoing change as well as a resultant (completed) change?
Where can I find full katakana combinations list?
What's the difference between 早い and 早め?
How to say "I'm going to spank you if..."?
The use of 「ん」 in 「どうしたんですか」
The grammar of "虎から食べられた" and "虎に食べられた"?
What dialects change ます into やす?
Must a relative clause with な adjective be ended with な rather than だ?
How to explain the use of the -te form in "takasugite kaemasen"?
The gender of the word 素敵
How are 憧れる and 憬れる different?
I assume this means next episode number 6 "第 六話"
What to say if you want to comfort your superior who is sick?
How to compare the ages of people in Japanese?
Please tell me how to use Japanese 終助詞 の and だ
The nasal allophones of /g/
Meaning of だまって置いてきちゃお
Meaning of 増える in this sentence
What does に do in this sentence?
How would you translate 常に思念工夫せよ?
How do you say the language of instruction is in Japanese or if something is taught in Japanese?
What does 背後に流れていく視界 mean here?
呼んでいたのが and　呼んでいるのが which is right?
であるので and であるのだ vs なので and なのだ
Origin of the kanji for 叶う
最も有名なのがウーロン茶で : What is the usage of なの here?
Do you really have to say "かれ" (3rd person pronoun) here?
How Is つ/ツ origin 川?
What meaning does とこ have in this sentence?
Having troubles understanding aspect in Japanese (unclear word choice in this sentence written by native)
Why is the "-masen" form used to convey the meaning of negative present perfect here?
Meaning of 今日も一日？
Meaning of やる stem in this sentence
Word order of actions when using nagara (while)?
Why can an intransitive verb have a passive meaning in Japanese?
What is the meaning of について and を問われて here?
どのような and a particle soup
Is anything implied, but not written, in this nominalization "遠くを見つめる"?
What does それ refer to in それでいい in this exchange?
How to ask if someone has to do something
How to turn down a job offer
How is the の used in the sentence 願いの叶う家?
Younger uncles and aunts
いくつになったら in this sentence
The usage of ので etc to leave sentences "hanging"
必要だ　必要とする　必要がある　要る - difference
Japanese counter for exercise repetitions
Is there a difference between 費用 and 支出?
Pronunciation of ∞ used in Japanese text
What is the semantic difference between 積む{つむ} and 載せる{のせる} when loading stuff
How do I know if kanjis side by side like the one in this sentence is a name 美鶴木夜石は怖がらない?
てはin this sentence
How common is the practice of writing わたし in kana and わたくし in kanji?
Is 甘じている a typo? (example sentence)
With context that it is getting dark, why say "日が暮れる" instead of just "暮れる"?
What does 「まさかそれが、」 mean at the beginning of this sentence?
「そ、そうか。大変だな。」 誰が？
If も means "also" in a positive sentence, does でも mean "neither" in a negative sentence?
上手ではありません or 上手じゃありません
How to read 向う?
Is this でも or で＋も?
How to say "If I can be"?
Has the average native Japanese speaker heard of Hepburn romaji?
When to use 従え or 従い?
The various uses of いちいち？
The difference among ずに、ず、ないで、なくて
Why can we use の after へ and から?
What is the difference between に限って and だけ?
Is it possible to change です to でした in ～んです grammar?
What does the phrase 「こうなりゃ」 mean?
What are the differences between nouns created by renyoukei and the formal noun 「の」?
What does the phrase 「ところまでいくまで」 mean?
Why としては instead of として
Should hibakusha be written in kanji or kana?
～か　～かどうか　相対テンスの質問
Meaning of 考える and how to use
Xとした usage and grammar?
Meaning of "日にち会うかな？"
What phonetic shorthands (like 〼, 〆) are there in Japanese?
Reason for placing a comma between the subject and verb in this simple independent clause?
What are the meanings of ました, ます, and ません?
Learning, where to start?
Difference between 交替 and 交代
Katakana that I can't get right
The word いや - gender?
What does お元気にお過ごしですか mean?
Ambiguity in giving suggesting and asking for suggestions?
What's the difference between arimasu and desu (when referring to location)?
What does the に in 見るに全員が全員 do?
こいつ　そいつ　あいつ vs こやつ　そやつ　あやつ
Use of 差し込む to describe the sun
Can その（其の）X be used without X previously being referenced?
What does the phrase 「やのう」 mean?
Does "入ってみたい家庭" this mean enter the family specifically or enter the clan?
Why does this question use でしょう?
時代 and 時 difference
The phrase うんやらかんやら?
Pronunciation of 開いて question
How do people in Japan count with their fingers?
Confusion regarding writing a word in Kanji and Katakana
Difference between 完成させる and 完成する (transitive usage only)
ございます - Humble or neutral?
"私が知っている人" or "私の知っている人"?
The meaning of "ところ" in context
Help with identifying a character
"Too [adj] to [verb]" structure
What is the name for an uppercut (scooping punch) in Japanese?
Use of くれる with 信じる
Could someone please check my translation of these lyrics?
たくさんの本を読んで versus 本をたくさん読んで
「一緒なように」は不自然かどうか
Why isn't 日本料理 written as 日本の料理?
What kind of ~~~ is it?
Conjunction after verb in dictionary form
Usage of "六日目", "七日目", "八日目", etc.?
て形 to express 原因・理由, as opposed to から
番目に～　versus　番目の～
Does indirect passive allow for the を in "四方を海に囲まれる"
How to translate まさか with this context- disbelief or surprise?
What does (ry mean?
How to say "Can I take a picture of / with you?"
Is there a difference between あまり食べ過ぎる and 食べ過ぎる?
How should I read the Kanji 「受」　in the word　「赤外線受発光部」?
How does まで work in ～なまでの／～なまでに?
What is the meaning of へりくだった態度?
What does ところ do here?
Was クリスマスケーキ used metaphorically about women?
What does the エセ in エセ感動 mean?
Are ”見やる" and "見すえる" near perfect antonyms?
What does 間違っていたら、修正してください mean, particularly ～ていたら?
Topic particle after "expression of time"
Three conflicting interpretations of "ことになりそう"
A bunch of questions about ところ
が and けど at end of a sentence
Why can an intransitive verb 出る take an object?
(をする) and (がする). Meanings and Uses
Meaning 「～と思う」 at the end of a sentence
Uncertain about なにも
Do Japanese stative verbs have the inchoative aspect?
What's the difference between 消える and 消え失せる?
What really is 人身事故?
Is よう used for first person or second person imperatives?
Meaning of も in the following sentence
Specifying location: Do you use ga/wa and does the word order matter?
Difference between 少し{すこし} and 少ない{すくない}
Question about の
Difference between "地主" and "家主", and their relationship with 不動産屋？
Indicating a lack of surprise
Meaning of する verb in 「その少女は小さい口元をしている」
Is it true that we cannot say the feeling of a third person using たい, ほしい, 楽しい?
= sign in a katakana name
Why can story writers use くれる when describing a third person?
Japanese introduction speech help for an English Teacher
た＋ではないか　or た＋のではないか can someone enlighten me?
What are the ways to say "endure austerity"?
Meaning of particle で
Translation question on part of a lullaby
人前｛ひとまえ｝ and 人前｛にんまえ｝
What is the difference between 就職 and 求職?
What do these sentences mean?
Decimal points and sound change of counters
What does ～たでえ mean?
What does volitional + と mean?
Can the possessive の particle be used like this? あの かさ は だれ の ですか
What is the meaning of と here?
The Kanji for ありがとうございます
Spaces in children's books
How to ask to "correct me if I'm wrong"
What does the は in this sentence do?
What to say when answering the phone
Meaning of 何によらず
If 日本語する is not ok, why is 日本語できる ok?
Help me understand 過去の蓄積 and 面白いと思ってきたもの
Etymology of 天地無用
Sentence Ending て form
"仕事は大変だけど元気だよー" Missing adjective or is it correct?
Modifying 形容動詞 (ナ adjectives) with verb phrases
How to read 資格外活動許可?
連用修飾語 with で particle
Does Xから modify Yの here?
必要{ひつよう} vs 要{い}ります
Use of 時{とき} in the following sentences
Often go to do something
What the grammar/syntax of 御来駕被成下度奉懇願候?
Understanding 生きていて～
How did we get "Foreign Carrot Regime"?
Do both "どっかの男" and "ある男" equally effect an indefinite article kind of meaning?
音読み for 箱 - word examples
Are most kanji characters morphemes?
What are the meanings of the words 「えぐりこむ」and「べし」?
Why use ん here?
Politely giving a reason for coming to the office late
"After I do [x], I do [y]"?
ni vs te form to express continuity/reason
Asking a question with "da" and "datta"
What does か + と do in this sentence?
How does the passive form of "to invite" work?
How do I parse 正当に行うことができるものとして与えられている能力
Can you use Adjective + たって?
Parsing the pattern “[noun] を [verb]、また [noun] のため”
Meaning of 銀星4型 in this sentence
How is "おらず" used in the following sentence?
What is the difference between 収める and 納める?
Why is デート read deito instead of deeto?
The proper way to use でも
Having trouble with this sentence and how to figure out the exact meaning of compound words?
Puzzling use of progressive form
What does いっぺんシメる mean exactly?
行く when comparing age
Couple of classical Japanese questions
Difference between 向かう, 向く, 向ける
Does the best translation of this sentence require causative-passive?
What does volitional form + っと mean?
わたし は あまり はやい おきません Is this correct?
Why do some transitive verbs take に instead of を?
How to create 'although' sentences in Japanese
What distinguishes 人情 from 人性?
Is kuzushiji considered archaic?
possibly wrong usage of 〜ば〜た in grammar book
Detail on the usage of 婚儀 to refer to a spousal relationship?
Can あります be used to say: "I have to do X on a certain day"?
What function does に serve in this sentence?
What does "扎し魔神" mean in this epiphet?
What is the meaning of the expression "異質の危険"?
Difference between 鳥肉 and 鶏肉
What is the correct 'to wear' verb for body weights?
を vs で in these sentences
"お調べいただいた上、" vs. "お調べいただき、..."
How are similar-looking words (e.g. names of medications) distinguished?
「上のごとく」対「上述」：現在では「〜のごとく」は使わないほうがいいですか。
How can I say, "please let me give you an update "?
Is this sentence indirect passive?
How does past tense work with なら?
What word that resembles "teikkai" might refer to "the provenance of a food"?
Why is Eden written as エデン in Japanese?
Why are these particles used here?
What is the meaning of 一点で?
Question about ね
How to understand when adverb modifies another adverb and when verb?
need help making sense of 後半の二話
When to use 選る/選ぶ?
What's the difference between 段階 and 階段?
Should I use honorifics to say (言う 'iu') for subordinate clauses?
「[況]{いわん}や」 and 「[況]{ま}して」 usages
Why would the Japanese transliteration from Greek Χριστος be spelled as ハリストス instead of キリストス?
Latin characters in Japanese?
Is "腹違いの兄" considered a slur?
How to say "The woman heard that I passed the test"?
Another question about ね
the meaning of なりに in わからないなりに
Constructing sentence with passive verb
沈く　or　沈む？ "The rock will sink."
What is the proper use case for コンペ先?
How can I say "Flash-forward"?
How do I write "Let us not watch Titanic,"?
What is this descriptor of a bag?
Can I use 罪を着せる to describe actions before a crime was committed?
Explanatory particle「の」 comes from 「ので」?
The meaning of そうなる in this context
Is the word 野次馬 offensive?
Why does this する verb take に?
How do I construct "going back to [verb]" type of sentence?
How can I produce Japanese quotation marks?
Help understanding と in this sentence
Some precisions about the nuance of ちゃんと
Difference between 俺物語 and 俺の物語
The difference between 面会 and 対面
What do 「やっと」 and 「うせにゃ」 mean?
Difference between passive voice and causative-passive form
Help understanding this pun
A more colloquial way of comparing A and B than the A のほうがBよりXです pattern?
How do you say (someone) has (object)?
Dictionary form of verb followed by に
Using 旨 where こと could be used a well
自分 and 自身, what's the difference
Where do sentences begin and end?
can i say "四者択一の問題"?
かきます（to write) when used with the particle に
Difference between 劇場{げきじょう} and 演劇{えんげき}
A quick question about funny sexuality-related words
Use of なんか followed by possessive の
"人物" vs. "性格" vs. "人柄"?
Difference between また明日 and では明日?
Vocabulary related to bid rigging
What is the difference between は and を?
[六月目]{むつきめ} meaning?
Email greeting for a teacher I've never met
What is the meaning of the suffix 之助?
What does さらせ do?
The kanji 一 in 神の一手
The proper use of ご確認ください
Are Japanese terms for the United States and the Soviet Union likely to be confused by native speakers of Japanese?
Distinguishing between homophones in everyday speech
What does the word 「部下となし」 mean?
How is 置く used here?
What's the meaning of ぴっと。
Voiced stops pronounced as their unaspirated voiceless counterparts
Is there any phonetic rule behind readings 馬場{ばば} and 馬場{ばんば}?
Meaning of 散斎条 in this context?
How can one stop "去年【きょねん】教職【きょうしょく】" from looking like a weird 4 kanji compound?
Japanese novels 上・下
Meaning of もう一度やり直す?
To learn English vocabulary, I ate a dictionary page-by-page
電話する and 電話をかける
What's the difference between 去年 and 昨年?
Dictionary definition of multiple words with identical pronunciation but different kanji
言え used both as negative and positive imperative
What do 「はな」 and 「いうとな」 mean?
Is knowing Kanji vital?
What does にございます mean in this line?
Syntax of くびきを共にする
Usage of 合える with verb stems
How does [ ɕ ] ( し) differ from [ ʃ ] ("she")?
What is the origin of the term "extended predicate" and are there alternative terms?
When do you mark きょう or other similar relative time expressions with は
Is it okay to use つ counting for everything?
Difference between は and が
What is the difference between いい and きれいな?
If 'little girl' is 「少女」, then why is 'little boy' 「少年」?
What is the difference between 殺{さつ}人{じん} and 殺{さつ}害{がい}?
How would you say "I like sth/sb because of [that reason]" in Japanese?
What's the meaning of nagara and when is it used?
How do you say "using X as a Y"?
How do you express "the person I did something to"?
もらう level of politeness
The grammar of "taking a shower"?
Difference between 事業, 企業, and 会社?
How do you politely apologize to a professor for unintentional rudeness?
What is the purpose of か in this sentence?
いい versus よい? When do you use which?
No versus not in Japanese
～場合、 vs 場合は vs 場合には
How to say things must be done, but in the past tense?
How to respond to ありがとう?
Usage of ”し” particle
What is the meaning of ～ないでいると～
How can I translate this? すべてかけて抱きしめてみせるよ
Why do people romanize 五兵衛 as "gohei" instead of "gohee"?
What does "もんじゃない" mean?
実践 and 実戦 in exercises
How to read this kanji?
Are 「〜のは欲しい」 and 「〜のは出来る」 valid alternatives to 「〜たい」and 「られる」?
I need help identifying two words from this song
Can the English suffix "-zilla" be translated back into Japanese?
Are Japanese translations for "Pearl Harbor" ever used metaphorically?
Who is receiving the benefit in this sentence?
What does「飛んじまいそうです」 mean?
Using て form to connect two activities
Can you nominalise a verb for specific subjects by adding a noun after the verb in ている form?
Why "お食事の際は、..." instead of "ご飯を食べる際は、..."?
Japanese コ上 meaning in English
How does しばらく work with ていない?
Using から to link two sentences
Constructing phrase with "During"
Is there any practical difference between しばらく and しばらくの間?
How is を used here?
What is the difference between「ものなら」 and 「(の)なら」?
The correct reading for 血啜の獣斧 and 約束されざる守護の車輪チ
Does "こちらのテーブルをお使いいただけます。" mean "I can use the table, and you cannot?"
Can you help me to understand how という is used?
Difference between using -ba or -ra form and と for conditionals?
What nuance does っち give in "暑っちぃ”？
Can I use といいですね in this situation? "I hope you haven't fallen ill again"
What does 「な」 in 「降りなよ」 mean in this context?
About an ambiguous line in 「東京日和」, a song by Komatsu Miho
Meaning of トルネル is actually misspelling of トンネル?
How does かたじけなや differ from regular かたじけない?
Is this も of concession? いきなり言われても分からない！
Cheering Japanese (volleyball) team (ゴーリゴーリ)
"なし" used for both animate and inanimate things?
Why can の and が both mark subjects in relative clauses?
How to say, "I've been living in America for 9 months" (and still am)?
Function of 反対に in this sentence
Meaning of 「この調子で頑張って」
Is 〜たち used for groups of only two people?
Meaning of ある in this sentence
Can そばかす be used to describe a pattern on dog face?
これらの研究の課題として4点挙げられる　ー＞ having problems understanding
では vs でも, vs じゃ what is the difference?
Translation question regarding 「ほどに」
What is せる followed by suru-verbs?
もらわれていくの grammar
Keigo form of ~てみる
Polite form of って in 「なになに」って何？
ありっちゃあり meaning?
To marry OR Marriage? Japanese と in context
What's the meaning of 「そのさま」?
Role of 時に in 暗殺は勉強の妨げにならない時にと言ったはずです
～られる connotations
遊びます　vs　遊べます - 'be' meaning "you can"?
Translating 鳴神の少し響みてさし曇り... etc
How to address and greet Japanese people in an english email
How do you respond when someone knocks on the toilet door?
Meaning of 高2くらいまで
Can 法王（ほうおう） mean anyone besides the Pope?
Which is more natural? ボディー vs ボディ
Usage of 東西南北 and 春夏秋冬?
What does で do at the end of the first sentence?
Function of 「masu-stem」＋よる in Kansai-ben
Meaning of いかんしょ in following sentence
Using location words with Subject/topic markers
上の+number - how should we translate it?
Can directional particles be used with 見る?
たくさん vs. 多く vs. 多い when used on verbs?
Stroke recognition in this kanji?
Grammatical construction「placeはsubplace、story」 as an introduction
Almost similar looking sentences with and without に particle
おこの沙汰だ - how should we translate it?
Is it rude to ask a Japanese person using keigo to speak less formally? How to do it politely?
colloquial conversations
Sentence ending で
How to tell whether a building is 長屋【ながや】建{だて} or 共同{きょうどう}住宅{じゅうたく}
Meaning of 再生の日
落としちまった - what form is this?
How to say "started to do something"?
Is the way I'm writing this correct, and is there a better way of writing it?
How to express the concept of there being too much?
How to shorten conjugations of "must" forms without sounding girly?
Is the 300 yen price for a "shuin" stamp linguistically related to お参り?
What does the word 「なりそこなった」 mean?
Meaning of 変なテンション
Difference between ば and たら in this example
Help me to understand this usage of 「ならば」
What does そこまでのもの mean here?
Question about directions and particles
Meaning of this kanji compound: 入植用合成戦術個体
What is the difference between 石{いし}、岩{いわ} and 岩石{がんせき}?
水 - pronounce choice between 水{すい} and 水{みず}
病む in actual usage
Japanese for "Hoyaku matsuri"
Is this a good way to politely refuse to publish an "abstract" option via e-mail? / 丁寧にメールで要旨原稿を掲載することを断る
How to say "one of ten people ..." in Japanese?
"社長に議長に田中氏を任命された” is ambiguous?
When do I use all the words meaning "song"?
How do you politely ask permission to deviate from received instructions?
Appropriate word and kanji for 'caller'
Difference between 丸 and 輪 for "circle"
Etymology of 姪 and 甥
Japanese て form with いる verb groups
What word is 咲かそう an inflection of?
How do you say "How am I supposed to X"?
Seemingly redundant 帰る in 「今日、帰りに買って帰ります」
How do you replace 「お悔やみ」 in condolences to a Japanese Christian?
「スケジュール感をすり合わせましょう」 - what exactly are we going to discuss?
ってば and もう: not sure how to use these in a sentence
what is the difference between 気にする, 気になる and 気にかかる?
Personal name contractions and bad connotations - いず as a contraction of 泉 (いずみ)
sentence patterns in colloquial vs formal
a japanese equivalent to the english expression: 'enjoy'
終了 and 終わり, is there a difference?
Differences between the various readings of 描く and 画く
Meaning of phrase 「古く懐かしい歌のように、傍にいてほしい」
What is the difference between 売る and 販売する?
"I just ate a few minutes ago"
たる? What form is this?
Grammar behind a train transfer announcement
The meaning of the 戟 kanji in the context of 食戟
Native usage of けど
はずもない、はずはない、はずがない. Difference and meaning
Meaning of 事実としてそう、と言われたら納得せざるを得ない
How to use "待つ" in the indirect passive?
What kind of script is it? (photo attached)
Can particle で be used for means be used with people?
structure of 忘れちゃうといけないからメモしといたのにそのメモをなくしちゃった。
What does おらん mean?
先生がおっしゃるように、言葉は毎日勉強しなければ上手にならないと思います。
is there any difference between せめて and 少なくとも?
What is it about ～まして?
When spoken casually, how different do 「た」 and 「だ」 in 「頂きます」 sound to native speakers?
私 Origin / Etymology?
Can まさにかわいい be used to say "very cute"?
What's the counter for seasons?
What does 少々疲れます mean in this case?
Why is 電話（でんわ）in hiragana?
as mentioned .... to the right?
Why is こ〜 used towards 2nd person in derogatory speech?
The meaning of 段階で揉める
Particle に when related to state and how to recognize a verb as a state
What is the difference between あと、うしろ and のちほど?
「想い人」 and 「恋人」?
Use of verb ます-stem when て-form seems possible
Shorter Causative Form Popularity
What does えんやらやっと mean?
What does "fūtsu" mean?
Is there a Japanese equivalent to the phrase, "when in Rome"?
Meaning of にまで?
What is the literal context of 御手 in this instance?
Is 「どこにもありません。」the same as 「どこもではありません。」?
Is there a noun for a "destination line" when changing trains?
Meaning of 私は　ひらがなが　書けるように　なりました
What is the difference between 頃 and とき?
What does とする do in this sentence?
ための usage in this sentence
meaning of ちゃった verb ending
Looking for meaning of 入道雲
How do you use ”～じゃんよ。” and what exactly does it mean?
What should "Find. Attack. Exterminate" be in Japanese?
Using 〜てある as a future tense?
Why is the phrase ご連絡申しあげます linguistially correct?
Ending sentences with the て form
What is the difference between 各 and 毎{ごと}?
What's the difference between 完成 and 完了?
What is the nuance of someone pointing at you with the pronoun あの人?
Can さ be added to nouns?
How is "と" being used in these two sentences?
What does 皆まで mean?
Meaning of 女絡み?
What is the best word for 'may not be attacked'?
「電気の町」秋葉原は、最近「オタクの町」だとも言われている。
~んだよなぁ What general meaning/feeling does this give?
Are "と" and "から" equal when they mean "from"?
Difference between ～だろうと and ～でも
Unsure of this sentence; lack of verb is throwing me off here
What is this script called?
「何言わせんのよ」＝「何言わせるのよ」？
The "違います" in the phrase "やる気が違います"
A department in a company where unproductive employees are transferred to instead of being fired
テレビ台 vs テレビ to refer to the physical TV?
What does verb + くなる imply or mean?
How does one say "I need a place to stay"?
「わからない事は聞くのよ」What makes this imperative?
Would a phrase 人の跡を求める be understood without a reference to Basho?
Can someone help break down それこそ〜くらいには?
Can I omit 「の」and 「もの」in this sentence?
Negative volitional+と
What does としか mean in this sentence?
is it okay to regularly say 気をつけてください to someone departing out?
Na-adjective in attributive form before という?
Can the phrase 不条理劇 "a theatre of absurd" be used figuratively in Japanese?
What does なんていうか mean in this sentence
The origin of "HN"
Use of -です／-ます in the middle of a complex sentence
Difference between かたがた and がてら
Before Japanese adopted Arabic numerals, can 十分 mean "10 minutes" other than "enough"?
「輪郭の柔らかな瓜実顔」Why is it 「の」instead 「が」？
Does the Japanese language have an American variant?
だけでなく and だけじゃなくて
いいの? What does it mean?
How shall I understand this short text?
連用形 of 「だ」 - difference between 「だっ」「で」「に」
How much buzz is there in 式 of 手打ち式 udon noodles?
Is the expression 「だってある」 common?
「食べていると話す」 Can this have two meanings?
How translators translate polite Japanese conversation?
What is the meaning of the expression "コツがいったり"?
Verb Dictionary form+ よう
What sound symbolism related to masturbation exist ?
Conditional form of future progressive
とか and など in same sentence
Understanding「汲ませて」 and 「にっぷん」, assuming that is what was said
Meaning of プレイ in this context?
Does 無理な戦 directly indicate a "lost war"?
Expression for a bad photograph
Meaning of 修士論文として提出しました論文を遅らせて頂きます
Is the kanji in this scene a mistake or some kind of joke?
What does 帰りに寄ってください mean?
Meaning of うち in "無意識のうちの行動なのだろう"
Why is を used with passive form here?
Connotations behind 可愛げのない態度?
Were Japanese names ever anglicised?
What does げ mean as a suffix?
自分の小市民ぶり meaning
Can かまってちゃん be used for males?
What is the definition of "嫁"?
Tokyo Ghoul "Unravel" Translation
柄にもない and its connotations
Can I explain the idea behind a Velcro tape using the name of these plant seeds? (photo)
Help on Adjective Conjugation
Meaning of ようす in definitions
How do you call different methods for writing numbers (notations)?
How would you say "doing something in preparation for something else"?
What's the difference between 「からです」 and 「ですから」?
どう言い訳したものか. Sentence translation difficulties
Can I use quotation particle 「と」with noun?
What does てくんない ending on a verb mean?
The meaning and tense of できるはず in this passage
"Engineered" is a difficult word to translate
油断させる, who is being careless/unprepared?
Meaning of こともあるもんです
百年 - ヒャクネン or モモトセ
Can tokidoki only be used in a negative sentence?
What's the difference between 同然 and 同様?
How do 行く and 来る *really* work?
Reading and meaning of 上御道田
Can 自身 be used to refer to 2 people in the same sentence?
Why is 迎えに来る correct?
Mystery about にく (肉) in kanji (漢字)
Confused about the meaning of these nicknames
Why would Russian хорошо [xoroʂo] be borrowed as ハラショー?
What is the common perception of 藪医者? Or how to tackle with amiguity here?
Is "背中に嫌な汗を掻いた" an idiomatic phrase?
Does ようとした always mean failure to try doing something?
Origin of the word 烏有
What does the phrase 「やった人」 really mean?
Writing a birthday letter to a friend
「猫種」「愛猫」などの読み方について
What does ても＋いかん do?
What is うろついとる？
What does ようとする do here?
率直に and 正直に、how do they differ?
Multiple が in the same sentence
How to understand this sentence about film reviews in Japanese newspapers?
Difference between 日 and 一日
How to parse 親も辞書を買ってやったかいがあるってもんだ
Different usages of 出てくれる
Usage of ようにだそうだ
Difference between 苗字 and 家名?
Why is も used twice in this sentence?
Word order/splitting the phrase 都合がつかず (possible mistake)
ぐわん: Is this a word? Drunken speech in manga
The use of へ and に in regards to time
Modifying individual nouns in の strings
Why does the sentence combination 「situation。 explanation から。」sound awkward?
ような without a noun following it
Preparing for a fight in Osaka (dialectal んやったなぁ)
だと, にと particle doubts
に and verbs that take it with もらう
Why is みつぎもの written 賜ぎ物 instead of 貢ぎ物 in this comic?
Can I use 印象 to talk about something the subject does not have personal experience with, but has an opinion about?
What does がんばっぺ mean?
Word request: Agreeing in a conversation
What is the difference between [為替]{かわせ} and 両｛りょう｝替｛がえ｝?
In what contexts can "始{はじ}める" be an intransitive verb?
Help me understand this sentence about film
Can I make a noun from a の adjective in general?
What does つらり mean?
"Yon" vs. "Shi" in school names
Hearing いらっしゃいませ when leaving the building. Why?
V+て なかろうと　meaning
Isn't there something wrong in this sentence? Does 対抗できずに create semantic conflict?
つけておいてください　translation
Different ways to "try"
Should I use 「なすぎる」 or 「なさすぎる」?
How do adverbs denoting amounts such as たくさん and ちょっと work?
What are the meanings of 心配の種になる and ゆとりを与える?
How to decide whether to read 「昨夜」 as 「さくや」 or「 ゆうべ」?
Pronunciation of 清音 and 濁音
Counter for islands?
気力がつきかけていた: What meaning does かける have here? And which つき is this?
Is this a valid sentence?
The meaning of 来なんだ (a seemingly archaic form)
Meaning of そこまで言うか
How is 'w' pronounced?
meaning of: ういっく
Need help translating a sentence
Meaning of 座 in 口座
Does 仕事があれば bear a notion of "if you pay me"?
96人も遅刻するような学校なんだな。- Confusing use of ような
What is the implicit subject of 無断利用されています。?
~あらんことを: Slight Variations and Idiomatic Degree
Can わざわざ or わざと be used for oneself?
What is the opposite of 初心者?
Adverb followed by って
How is 下総国一の宮 pronounced?
What is the meaning of 実質負担金額?
「この笑顔なくしていいの？」 on a board by the road (photo)
What is the meaning of 結構もった方じゃないか
What's the Japanese for 'er...' - a pause or uncertainty in a sentence?
"広める" instead of "広まる" or "広められる" in this context?
Using 嫌い and 嫌う
"絶対について来ないでね。" as "Absolutely don't come/follow"
Mapping 16 English tenses to Japanese tenses
Japanese joke explanation, brushing teeth in a narrow home
Is お needed before 誕生日おめでとう?
が and passive verb referring to modified noun
How to parse 後継者としての責務も卒業するまで代理を立てられた
What is the grammatical function of 好感度さえ in 好感度さえクリアしていれば?
What is the meaning of 飲んどけ?
What's the difference between 気がする and ような気がする?
What is the significance of ココ and サ in emoji?
Unclear usage of ように
Need help making sense of this poem
How many possible phonological forms could be represented by a randomly chosen single character?
What are all the possible meanings of 筆記{ひっき}の心{こころ}?
Is there a Japanese phrase equivalent to "Chopstick gene"?
What is the meaning of 両岸 in this context?
Help understanding いいやって and いやだなって
社会主義体制下のソ連時代。Clarification on this sentence
How does "koe" mean "went over"?
Japanese equivalent of the phrase "wrapped around your finger"?
Is a sentence like 彼がやったんだ past or present tense?
What is なっとらんかった?
Using もの at the end of a sentence
If I heard correctly かけずほど当てにならない, then was it 書けずほど?
Implicit Meanings/Interpretations of を
No question marker questions
Parsing 何を考えているかすぐ解るような態度は改めたほうがいい
Can I say "プロような英書き方"?
Changing of diphthongs at the end of words to え in exclamations
Meaning of verb-てまで
What's the difference between 一番星 and 最初の星?
What is the difference between 姿勢 vs 態勢 vs 体勢？
Difference between にとって and として
Usage of で in the following sentence
Can anyone explain this exercise about のは and のが in Minna No Nihongo II?
Describing a person by applying a modifier to their name 〜ような《名前》
Usage of 知らないと思うけど
Question about usage of 「のでは」
Can you suggest a method for learning readings of names?
から usage as "after"
Confused in choosing 早い versus 速い
Why is the word「ござる」used in this sentence?
Japanese special phrases for "study season" and "long holiday season following study season"
What is the phrase for "the amount of time for paid activities"?
How would you say "for all I know" using 限り/限る in Japanese?
What does じゃな mean?
Meaning and use of やるほど
A quote from 星の王子様 (The Little Prince)
How do I read 青水庵 as a name?
-Tainda form - explanation please
機会点-Opportunities
Causative, causative-passive and particles
でさえ　すら in the same sentence
How to express the phrase "overrated" or "over-..."
What is the kanji for 'intense game'?
「〜ている」Sentence Translation
Combinatorical relative clauses
Is 立つ in 顔が立つ is always imperfective? If so why?
Where does the furigana split on 小路?
Meaning of 「乗りこなす」　in this songtext
Conditional inclination with ようと思ったら
What is the difference between [担]{にな}う and [担]{かつ}ぐ?
How to say "Serving for # people"?
Difference in counters for spoons
How to say that you "learned a lot" by doing something
の as subject marking particle?
How are the traditional 5 elements in the Chinese doctrine of Five Agents pronounced in Japanese?
どうぞよろしくお願いします meaning
What is the difference between 飲む and 呑む?
Help with "My little sister can't run this fast" in the style of ～こんなに～わけがない
what is the meaning of なの here
てほしい particle usage
Meaning of しなくていいやって
How to say "I bought this book for 1200 yen." in Japanese?
えらかない - strange conjugation of えらい
What does やや書 indicate?
Is 何か an adverb?
Who is 本人 referring to in 本人には自覚は全くないんだがな
Use of object marker with no verb
でありません vs. ではありません
Nuances with placement of time words
What is Japanese for the grammar term "verb base"?
Trying to think of borrowed English words that parse "ti" as ティ or as チ。
Translation help with って
What does しょっぽい mean?
Use of んじゃない after verbs
Is it possible to use 々 and co (ヽ、ゝ、...) even if the shortened part is from another word?
How to tell よく (often) apart from よく (good)?
What's the meaning of 角刈り in this context?
全く vs 全然 (formal / casual)
Help for a translation
てえな attached to verb stem
と followed by a comma
Difference between ついでに and たびに in the following example
Help with さすが大学に行っただけのことはある
てほしい usage with more than 2 people, particles に and が
The difference between するには and する為には
Meaning of "ねーし"
Odd use of で in だめで
Confused in choosing でした or です in のは～だ grammar
How to say "do you have"
Meaning of しようとすることができる
What does "夢を売る" mean? sell a dream?
たり vs. て for multiple adjectives
Repeated word puzzle – 庭には二羽鶏がいる
Is "傷" a subset of "怪我"?
"native" Japanese words vs Chinese/international "imports"
The different nuances of wanting to go to do something
Usage of くせに and わりに in the following sentence
Saying it's my first time in (a place)
Verb dictionary form+よう
Is "初めてです、広島は。" ok in spoken Japanese?
How many よろしくお願いします to say during job interview?
「」 don't seem to be 'quotation marks' in news article titles, what do they mean?
What does なんです mean in this sentence?
Relative question
How to ask "Do you want to be ...?" question?
For what purposes is たろう used?
Question with this sentence わたしはえをみるのがすきです
What is the difference between 殊に and 特に?
Missing nominaliser in this sentence?
Which particle do I use to express using a writing instrument?
Problems with 起こす and the suffix 還り
もう used with 〜ている
Is た形 required when using 自動詞 as an adjective?
I have some questions about transitivity: 貯める and 貯まる
Trouble with もう二度と列車や車には乗らん
Questions about 「とは」and 「思わなんだ」
What would be the most apt word in kanji, for "Animal world"?
Meaning of 降ってくる when talking about voice
How is 納める used here?
How would you say, "I am emailing you to confirm/remind you of the activity tomorrow"?
Causative を and は, are they interchangable?
What is the function of both of the のか's in this sentence
Is it possible to use causative sentences to say "not to do"?
Usage of 契り when meaning destiny/fate/karma
What's the difference between あれ and 彼女？
程度, 程,ぐらい differences, nuances
What does the に do in 表情から察するに?
Difference between ビーフ and 牛肉
Meaning of んな after verb in て form
Need help with のが and のある in this sentence
Why is 未来 read as あした?
Questions regarding the pitch accent of 僕
Relative and passive and how to parse sentences
understanding the meaning of わけはない
Does は mean 'at least' in this sentence?
Is 幼子 ever used nowadays?
Understanding "鯖を読む"
How would I explain to a Japanese that I like to hear their rolling "R"?
Postpositional or prepositional くらい
第一木曜日 : Which Thursday of the month is it?
meaning of 歩けなくなっちゃって
Why is に used in 若者が元気に溢れている?
に as an indirect complement
Why is there a small ッ in 完ッ全?
The role of hiragana when there is a relevant kanji?
The meaning of かたに in かたに預ける
As a foreigner with a Japanese name, what are the implications of writing my name in katakana or kanji?
Does "私は山田さんが描きました。" make sense in Japanese?
How to choose the reading of 埋{う}める and 埋{うず}める?
Does 美少女 sound somewhat ironic, humoristic, etc?
Meaning of じわれができる
Meaning of 共催収入
Ideas for translation of 演奏技術向上への一可能性
What are the pitch-accent rules for compound nouns?
Why is 田 read as だ instead of た/でん in 山田?
Is it ever right to use ば conditional to mean 'when'?
"事故にでもあったのではあるまいか。" grammar help please?
Verbal short form の for expressing the idea of doing a verb ＋ のほうが / より
Why is the た in 手伝う voiced?
Why is しまいました needed here?
What is the difference between に関しての and に関する?
Parenthetical Statements in Japanese
Adverb referring to previous verbs
Meaning of かって and general sense of this sentence
Precisions about ほど, and particularly what quality ほどの refers to
How to understand this usage of 「〜て来た」?
Word play: "Easy peasy" analog
Difference between [Noun]する vs [Noun]をする vs [Noun]だ
A phrase for a capable person with a critical view of himself
Expressions of surprise おや　あれ　あら
Are there some cases where みたす could be spelled as 充たす? 「充｛み｝たす」という書き方はどんな場合で使えるか？
「というのである」 basically same as 「ということである」?
Are there differences between 言い辛い・言いにくい・言いがたい?
What is the purpose of the comma after the と in 異変と、その影に潜む陰謀を、彼はまだ知らない。
Particle の following topic marker?
The usage and meaning of the ending ～なんですけれども
What is the right translation for grade in the context of a course
Why in this sentence is 「の」used in this fashion?
Meaning of 「〜のと〜ので」
Difference between 友達出来た vs 友達を作った
How to explain a dialog naturally to a friend
"私には、セーラームーンを見るのを止めるための強い意志が欠けている。"
飲食店が入る雑居ビル vs 飲食店が入った雑居ビル
Help parsing a sentence with possibly embed relatives
Is 私は本があなたをたすけよみます correct?
Pattern in onyomi for middle Chinese -p and -ng finals
Meaning 'の場として'
Is it bad practice to use "することができる" as opposed to just "できる"?
Question about loan word スーパーヴァイジー
Is チェリーボーイ wasei-eigo?
What does ただ mean in this context, following a verb and before ひとり?
How has Japanese kanji and kana usage changed since 1945
Difference between ままに and ままで?
What is the difference between とある and ある?
Help understanding 腸捻転エビ固めモミ手返し
国 - The 2 ways to pronounce
How would you say someone told you something?
Is "Airman ga Taosenai" grammatical?
How to read 「！」 as a clock chime?
What do you need kanatype sensitivity for?
XをYという形に sentence
Trouble interpreting に思う in その武具に思うことはいっぱいあるみたい
Past tense verb followed by って仕方ない
I need help with an example sentence
What is ～やまさりけん and what part of sentence is it used as?
What is 「ケステンGチンキ」 a reference to?
Difference between 誤解 and 勘違い
Location of pitch-accent on conjugated auxiliary verbs
Placement of adverbs
What does the word 「っぴい」 mean?
Is it possible to make a V-causative-te construction?
What does マナーもいっしょに「携帯」 mean?
Why is the 「ようとして」 construct used here?
Was "not necessarily to Japan’s advantage" meant to be an understatement?
What is the meaning of Noun + なら
お隣さんになって早々, 申し訳ないですうぅ~ means?
What does the word 「気がせんのや」mean?
What is the meaning of ドリフ in this sentence
Meaning of phrase 「どちらがどうとかいう」
Use of かける (N5 question)
Is　なにをうたがすきですか？　correct?
Meaning of nounってとこ
meaning of １００歩譲って
what is the actual word looking similar to 戸感
What is the difference between 時に and 時は
why does 手段を選ばない = will do anything?
Grammar behind adverbs + は
嘘ついてたんだ vs 嘘ついたんだ
Na-adjectives before は
Is なくなく an emphatic negative expression (e.g. in 力なくなく)?
Change in self-address for emphasis or to express frustration or dissatisfaction
What does it mean when someone says -han after a person's name?
Noun+とばかりに mean?
The component 曷 and the kanjis 褐, 喝, 謁, 渇
Correct form of address for a bartender, or itamae
Attributive だろう
How to ask someone to repeat what they said
"Pour your heart out" in Japanese
連用形 used instead of regular 連体形 directly modifying nouns
How does one make potential passive in Japanese?
When do you use the o marker with kudasai (Please)
せず - What does it come from?
Need help with grammar: "xxをきっかけにxxしたxxとのこと"
Meaning of 様子を交える
Grammar question: プロジェクトスタート当初の目標のひとつであった
...のではない...がある sentence structure
What is the function of particle に in this sentence? みんなお寺に名前を登録しなければなりませんでした。
Need help with 際
Difference between くださって and いただいて and when you should use it
What is the difference between 仏 and 釈迦？
What does によって mean in this sentence?
Usage of ...から参加し
Meaning of じゃろ and じゃろう
How to say that something is like something with ような
What does たら do at the end of a sentence?
Does 韓国車 refer to the Korean Automotive Industry or to Korean cars in general?
Basic conversation question
meaning of word + 上にて
Help understanding these uses of 「取っぱらい」
How to convey the best possible word in japanese for 'I want to clobber him'?
たとえ-Continuative-たとしても
How to interpret タチ in this sentence
「私の緊張のあまり」 vs.「私は緊張のあまり」in this sentence?
What is the meaning of 店頭分?
The meaning of 一応 in 一応褒めている
Difficulties understanding なのだと
what does this symbol mean? ⊂((・x・))⊃
目が覚める versus 起きる
The verb in いらしてください
The grammar of てちょうどいい
Reading and usage of 「垂オます」
is 「合否の結果」 redundant?
Meaning of 真であるとして
Use of テロ in 飯テロ
Difference between「と思います」and「かと思います」?
で vs が in 上手に話せます？
Verb negative-form + なる
Is んでしょう（か） grammatical, and what does it mean?
How to find alternative writings of a kanji in electronic form?
When to use 頭の毛 and 髪
What does 「学生さんなんですか」 mean?
Meaning and usage of 運のツキ
How to say "I don't know you well"
Does adverb come before or after the verb?
Can someone help break down this sentence?
What does adding し to an adjective do?
Keeping track of the speaker/subject in written conversation
How to phrase "first semester in college"
「めく」の使い方、どのような場合に「めく」を使うのが自然ですか。
Meaning and validity of 雪ってる
what does buri mean?
What would be the best katakana for this book title?
Help understanding how these clauses fit together
What is やってけんのかな？
Is there any way to input hentaigana into text documents?
言ってるみたいに+conditional
Most natural way to write sentences of the type "A verbs that B verbs that C verbs that..."
When to use って or 言った
Unsure about this usage of か
Why is the が particle being used with these adjectives
How do you "replace" second-person pronouns?
How to say "My parents want me to be a doctor" in Japanese?
Using the word "about"
には with plain form of verb
What is the difference between 兵隊、兵士 and 軍人
Do 食べないです and 食べなかったです have the same level of politeness as 食べません and 食べませんでした have?
Why is やりたい放題 used as opposed to やり放題?
Expressing "the nth person to 〜"
What does 「漢語」 mean in this sentence?
About the surname Yos(h)ida
When referring to in-laws using 義理, do you use the familial term relative to yourself or to your spouse?
Verb followed by ばかりになる
Japanese wheel mortar
What is the katakana of STAR WARS?
How do Japanese call their friend's sister or brother?
What do Japanese say when they call their pet cats/dogs?
What does ため do in this sentence?
Are Japanese speakers likely to confuse "message" and "massage" in English?
事がなければ meaning in this sentence
double ては in a sentence
Usage of の as nominalizer
Saying "try" in Japanese
Is this は contrastive?
Is it common for non-European words to share similar pronunciations between Japanese and other languages in East Asia?
Is there a term that covers both wasei eigo and gairaigo?
ちょっとしか---V negative potential
Meaning of 身もフタもない
Is this indirect passive or potential?
覚せい剤 - why is it written with kana?
Meaning/Breakdown of 答えの出しようのない疑問
causative usage and に
When to use Dono or Nan?
Xとも言えるY and であるが故に at the end of a sentence
How do you call someone "Tryhard"?
安らぎの人 translation into English
Talking about Japanese food, why can 焼{や}き be as either a suffix or a prefix?
How do I read 通常版?
ではと - is this a particle?
Use of ところ in this sentence
Causative relative sentence
What on Earth is this kanji character?
Is this a real grammar structure のほうがverb-ていい
Possible use of isolated し?
跳び箱 as a synonym for a obstacle?
Any help connecting two sentences? (for subtitle creation)
Confusing use of と言えば
Question word ellipsis
How to say that I've had an interest in the Japanese culture since x?
Meaning of phrase 「友情タッグで経験値一杯」
Help understanding the grammar of this sentence
"Hey Bro!" how to call out friends
Respectful terms for parents
Is this actually ごぬんくださーい, and does it mean "Excuse us!"?
「んだ」の使い方について質問させていただきます
Why does も move in sentences involving だれも etc
Is there such a thing as a て particle?
English as a second language, Japanese as a third language -learning it in english, or mother language?
よろしくお願いします or ありがとうございます
inflecting an adjective as "〜く、..." or "〜くて、..."?
だったら as an interjection
I found よう all by itself. Is there any difference in the usual meaning?
にとって as topic/subject marker and は as object marker?
Difference between 喰う and 食う？
Do native speakers think of prolonged vowels as one long vowel, or two vowel sounds following each other?
なったような vs なるような　Any differences in nuance?
Meaning of triple particle (?) のはな
Unknown word and strange use of えと
自然から得られる生産に役立つ要素。 Parsing
Adjective use of たかだか
~できやすい and ~しやすい connotation
分 in 今回は単行本第三巻予定分から
Contraction of ～てるのか
What does て form + すらいた mean?
How to ask if someone is ready
Marking questions in a story narration
Meaning of というか and 手伝って in this sentence
Infinitive form + た or た form
How to say "Don't stroke his ego"?
What does this keychain say?
What is the character related to this pun?
Meaning of はなちゃああああああ in internet slang
Understanding なんだか
Is there a radiotelephony alphabet standard for kanji, similar to NATO phonetic alphabet ("alfa, bravo, charlie")?
恐れ入ります correct "thank you" to use after customers make a purchase?
When to use 九 vs きゅう?
How do I say "This is a derivative work. I am in no way affiliated with X company" in Japanese?
Difference between 会話、談話
Which form is 切り?
Translating 年相応 into English
とまではいかないまでも meaning
How do I interpret お釣りが来るほど？
How to parse long sentences
the meaning of いかをとる
Is the layout of this text supposed to resemble a style of poem?
Which is better?　私は買いましょうか？ or 私が買いましょうか？
Usage of spaces in Japanese?
Help understanding the uses of 「とても」in this sentence
昨週 - when is it used? (compared with 先週)
Difference between 土日 and 週末
Connective だって and use of せっかく
Is 株式会社 read as かぶしきがいしゃ or かぶしきかいしゃ?
What does が do in this sentence?
Meaning of 「これはこれで」, and the difference between it and 「それはそれとして」
ん in strange places
Is 片方 only used for things that come in twos?
ない vs 無い: Negative ある vs adjective?
Is my Hiragana good?
A verb or noun for a 始発電車 arriving for passengers
Is "断ったとは信じがたい" a nominalization?
How to say "Cultural Identity"
What does the particle at the end of なぜと申しますと mean?
Use of `chan` between high school students
が in subordinate clauses
What does そんなところでいい mean here?
ている/ていた時 understanding
Meaning of 入って in this sentence
Why is there a ツ in 四ツ谷?
What does 血筋 refer to in this extract?
Could there be an 'invisible' "should" in this sentence?
What is meant by 本来はこちらから出向くの筋なのだろうが here?
Making an adverb a topic for a sentence 無碍には
Difference between ぞ and ぜ
How to use なきゃ correctly
Learning Japanese alphabet
New Year's Resolution
素朴概念 = naive concept?
「〜したことがある」 vs 「〜したことがあった」
Is ダウンアンダー understood by non-Australian Japanese speakers?
How are "comfort women" referred to nowadays?
What does（棒） as net slang mean?
Dictionary with high low pitch intonation reading?
Question: Japanese scientific article on satoyama
What does であればこそ mean?
Translation of a phrase for CV
Different nuances in meaning for なら sentences
希代の剣豪の好敵手として祭り上げられた剣士を知る者など
Apologizing with "sorry"
What is the significance of 如き in this conversation?
Meaning of the phrase 「想像をはるかに上回る」
How is おい used?
What is 床下? (picture attached)
What conjugation of 願う is 願わくば, and what does it mean here?
Transitioning to Japanese kanji from Chinese
Is it ok to say 問題ない instead of 問題じゃない? Why?
What does "motatte" mean?
Is there an equivalent of 英会話 for the Japanese language?
What's the reading for 今朝 in this sentence?
What does どくしんでハンサムだからね mean?
何 + te-form + も (何 by itself to mean "something")
What does "itadakimashite" do in this case?
Rule on vowel devoicing?
About the words in format: ～がかり
まだいたとはね meaning
Meaning of こんなところで眠ってる場合ではない
What does やれ{HL}やれ{HL} "yare yare" mean?
What does 元金成長型 mean in this sentence
～てあげます versus ～ていただきます
What is the difference between お手洗い and トイレ
How should I say "if you still want to meet me after all"
Help with translating a certain sentence ending: ～なくしろ
What is the meaning of 国の母?
〜のです(か) in email
四角と正方形はどう違うの？~(What's the difference between 四角 and 正方形?)
Does remembering meanings in two languages help
Difference between くらいなら ～ のほうがましだ and くらいなら ～ ほうがいい
文の組み立て Question about word order
What is a grammatical terminology to describe the group of the refrain of two syllable words like pera-pera, don-don, iki-iki?
Difference between Muromachi and Ashikaga
Differences in meanings of interrogative words
plain + とき + plain or polite?
Why is domo used also to say hello?
Is *domo arigato* considered formal?
Conflict among teachings of なら and ば
「ある」と「ない」は動詞か形容詞か…
Help with understanding a sentence
Particle between city and prefecture?
Question about/with particles
"お会いできる日を楽しみにしています"
What does ♢ mean on an assignment?
What do we say the base ingredient in Japanese?
What is the form of "売らん" in the sentence "ウランは売らん。"?
When is "私じゃ" used?
Can the word もう be pronounced むう?
Is there a difference between に and に対して?
Can the translation for "you're welcome" be "mū"?
The Use of "の時” in This Sentence
Whats the meaning of しょせい
Is 方 read かた or ほう here?
Counter for ordinal dates?
What's the difference among 送る, 乗せる and 連れていく
Why my book uses に in this sentence?
Exact nuance between 方が、たら、えば and テ形 in this sentence
What does this structure (～ + も + verb/adjective) mean?
コレ meaning in this sentence
Colloquial grammar question: ...が出来たから...ってくれって言ってきたんだろうが！
How to say "He likes something" without using は?
"いまいち" vs "物足りない" meaning / usage?
Meaning of 譲れん (譲れない)
verb-ている in potential form やってられないよ
The usage of だと and それなりに in this sentence
What is the difference between 類義語, 類語, 同意語, シノニム?
Present progressive tense of 覚える
Modifying nouns with question phrases
Understanding a sentence 〜声が誰のものか
Meaning of ハグレ (kanji unknown)
Contractions in やんなっちゃう
The meaning of 技術は習うものではなく盗むもの
What does 「フーホり」mean?
Difference Between "何も" and "何でも"
is this sentence correct 会議は三時からでいらっしゃいます.?
Doubts regarding 方がより
Octopus kanji: 章魚 vs 蛸 vs 鮹
じゃ意味がない / じゃNounがない
How to say "How do you say~?"
Should I use とor という or something else in this phrase
Do you also say 「もしもし」 on Skype?
How to avoid repetitive usage of 面白い and 楽しい?
Vocabulary doubts: 「眼の所が少し高くなっているが、［…］一文字に結んでいる。」
How is まま used here?
History of Japanese "Vulgar" Vocabulary
木 を 切り に VS 木 を 切る に in the ももたろう tale
What connotation does the ending -n to a Japanese female name have?
when is ん pronounced as "m"?
Meaning of 上を失えば & question about 烏合の集
Sentence ending in ～でさ
What's the difference between に and を in these phrases?
What's the difference between あって vs ありまして?
What's the meaning of the く in 赤くありません?
Use of 旧字体 in Japanese names
Why does 七時 need に but 今日 does not?
Found the expression 目が命 in a paperback I'm reading
して行｛い｝かない versus しないで行｛い｝く
Other uses of the たら conditional
Adverbial transformation in verbs
Is 動詞修飾副詞 a grammatical term?
Lettered Bus Numbers
Is this sentence correct? 去年は日本へ行ったことがあります。
Difference between 避難所 and 避難場所
Why this negative form ends in く?
How do I read 初商業誌?
Help translating とってもまずしくて明日食べるパンもありません
What are appropriate contexts for saying "趣味悪い"?
響: what is N5116?
Why is the particle に used between カツ and たべられない and what does 入った可能性 mean?
Can someone explain this sentence
Can someone explain how this massive sentence works
When to use these plain Te-Forms?
Why is 上 used in 商業上の目的で?
Meaning of フッたん
同｛おな｝じ that means "same" is a noun but 違｛ちが｝う that means "differs" is a verb
How do I say "x is y kilometres from z"?
Other uses of the particle に in お兄ちゃんには見つからない
Is there a difference between 中位（ちゅうい） and 中位（ちゅうくらい）?
Trouble understanding postponed quote
Direct and indirect quotes
Phrase translation: 何を言い出すかと思えば
Difference between マップ and 地図
お世辞にも and quote
Nuance of 楽しみにしとくね?
Confused by apparent double-negative in literary context
How to translate 'subject' (of lesson) and 'teacher'?
なっ at the start of a sentence
θ波はどういう意味ですか？~What does θ波 mean?
Meaning of the word 爆誕
Nuance between いっとき and いちじ as a pronunciation of 一時
Past tense of i-adjective + past tense of verb
How to politely inform other people of acceptable alternative ways of addressing you?
Origin of this character: 體
Why should we say 応えられなくなってきて and not 応えられなくてきて?
what does "toko" in "ii toko desu" mean
Turning a verb phrase into an adjective
Translation question: 信じ歩けば?
Is 薬指 related to the Latin term "digitus medicinalis"?
Translation doubt: 自分とは何でどこへ向かうべきか
Which conjugation is this 進む → 進め
Can a sonkeigo verb be used with an inanimate subject? / 尊敬語は無生物主語に対して使えますか？
What does "劣勢を受け止める" mean?
Which conjugation is this 生きていこう?
How to say "Please correct my sentences"?
Is が here a 格助 or 接助 element?
What are the differences between なさる and される?
Pronunciation of ~しつ
南北銀行 (North-South Bank) meaning
Usage of 以前 here
Trying to decipher a Kanji on a bad image source
Meaning of トッツケ on a house plan
I keep seeing ため
Difference between しては and nominalizer のは
Transcribing Feuz
Should you use は or が when you have a compound subject?
Where to check if a word is used with kanji or not?
Listing places in Japanese and using particles afterwards
What does the phrase 「あんのかないのんか」 mean?
What is the difference between 「進行」 and 「進歩」?
Introducing yourself in Japanese when you have a Roman name?
What does (volitional form) + ったって+(potential form of same verb) mean?
How can we determine the subject of 「彼{かれ}が来{こ}ないことを知{し}りませんでした。」?
'私は学生です' & '夜に部屋では電気をつけない' : 'は'　'では'
Japanese for dual flush toilet
Turning on the light
When talking about English 文型, how to say "a sentence"? 文章?
What does モンロス mean?
What does モンスター娘のいる日常 mean?
Meaning of sentence「最近よくじわ怖スレ見てるからビビりになってる。」
Help understanding "口に出しては何も言わない"
Why are there many kanji that are read and mean the same?
Causative-Potential or Causative-Passive
What happened to the を sound?
How to say IS / ISIS / ISIL / Daesh?
i-adjective + na-adjective + noun
Are かた and 人 interchangeable in this sentence?
How to talk about style
Multiple は particles in a sentence
Context of "何様のつもりか"
Meaning of 声をそろえる
N3 Pattern: Difference of 「～かわりに」、「～反面」、「～一方（で）」
volitional + negative verb special meaning or kimarimonku
嬉しい vs 幸せ. Which one to use in this case?
Phrase/word for "human to god" love / idolatry?
て-form of いる in compound sentence
Why does Japanese lack word wrapping?
What dialect is this?
Is 時間がありますか unnatural?
Where did the reading for 鏡 in 眼鏡 come from?
A question on event timing
Which conjugation is this? 吸わないようにしています
How is 口 used here?
How do I translate 「コロッと転がってたりする」 to english?
Is there any case in which we can use 今日の間に?
How would you express "sphere" or "world" in the Japanese language?
Formal linguistic term for a "prepositional object"?
とまらない in One Punch Man OP meaning とまれない (negative potential)
Comma between adjectives?
た or ていた? Is "turned right" a state or an action?
Use of に in ぼくにも出来る
Translation help: 私が困っているのがはつおんですね
Hikaru no Go Manga - dialogue question
Maths sentences: 足す and 掛ける
Common ways of asking for someones phone number
Meaning and use of どの when not in a question
Must relative clauses attach directly to the noun they are modifying
What does みぞれは雨のような雪です mean?
Is repetition of words in questions, such as the 番 in 電話番号は何番ですか common in Japanese?
Is there a word for "studied" or I have to use 勉強はした?
Positive Imperatives When Telling Someone Not to Do Something
What does Mr. Driller say when he picks up an oxygen tank?
Should と be appended in 「自分の利益を得んがための発言では、人の心を動かせない。」?
X+これを久しゅう meaning
is there a way to display the hito/jin 人 in non-simplified form?
The use of present and past tenses in ～時 sentences
What does で do in this sentence?
見る + に particle: why is る not dropped?
Help translating a phrase
いる or ある for things attached to living beings
What onomatopeia is ばたりばたり?
Do non-native speakers of English find gairaigo more difficult to learn than native speakers of English?
ないとなると meaning in a sentence
Making relative clauses in passive and active forms for every part of a sentence
What does ゆいって mean?
What construction is this? "でしか~できない"
Etymology of 鼻の下を伸ばす / 「鼻の下を伸ばす」の語源
Why isn't the word for triangle トラヤングル?
How can you divide verbs into conjugation groups easily?
Why 次第 instead of によって in this very example?
Why can a single word have more than one Kanji?
Understanding this sentence: あなたのこれと僕のこれをぱくってください。
るとき or たとき with たい?
Response to "Watashi wa nomu no ga suki, *demo*...."
Can "AはBに影響されない" and "AはBに影響しない" ever have the same meaning?
私には無理です or 私は無理です
What is the meaning of 「でしたか」 in the sentence「あなたの職場はテプラでしたかネームランドでしたか？」?
What is the difference between 手招く and 招く?
Grammar question with verb in past tense plus houga
How to say choices in Japanese?
をも: Is this sentence grammatically correct?
What's the difference between それ、これ and あれ
激情 and its pronunciation
V-ている方が meaning
What particle should I use with "motomeru"?
Conjugation of い adjectives - when do you conjugate them and difference between 新しい車 and 新車?
conjugation: やあります vs やります
Use て form to talk about two or more activities you like?
Need help with translation/grammar 「なんの」
「X」と「Y」と - how does the second と affect the sentence?
Tobira あいづちとフィラー article
What's the difference among [停]{と}める、[止]{と}める、and [留]{と}める?
What is the max number of kanji a jukugo can be made of?
What is the role of the そうに?
How to understand this phrase?
How would I say: The cat thought a snake appeared?
Is the pronunciation for the following sentences incorrect?
動物を使った言い方 or 動物を使う言い方?
Difference between 結論を[下]{お}りる and 結論する
ておく → とく in other contexts; similar 2-kana to 1-kana shortcuts?
Function of から in this conversation
Pronunciation of 緑町
The role of the particle に in ばかものに考えているに思えた。
Self Introduction - じこしょうかい
What does 保証 mean in this context?
What is the meaning of 「ほうが」in this sentence?
How to use の如く.
Difference between "現住所" and "連絡先" on Japanese resume?
Translation help! 置いておきます
What are the functions of というのは, かというと and がですね in this sentence?
How to use both causative and て欲しい grammar at the same time?
ない in つまらない and similar adjectives and their conjugation with すぎる
N#~~~JLPT Level Names
"Strike while the iron is hot" - Japanese equivalent
What do 「し」and「あった」mean in this sentence?
What does 鉢の木帯 mean?
Special use of ~たら to translate あとで?
Making someone feel something
Should I repeat -san to refer to someone whos name ends in san?
Breaking down a translation: 彼は大政治家になりたいという大望を忘れたことはなかった。
Do the 「 なんやら」and 「なにやら」have the same meaning?
How to turn an independent clause into a subject?
How do I say "Is the sun out today" in Japanese?
Translating 受け継ぐ as "released" or "inherited"?
What is the most correct translation of “nyoi bō” (如意棒), “compliant pole” or “mind stick”?
Japanese words with を in shiritori?
Using に as subject marker in non-passive/causative sentence
Membership awareness to differentiate は and が?
「だといえども」はどういう意味ですか？~What does だといえども mean?
Question about probable meaning of 返済 in a sentence
Is なんだから is related to のだ?
Why is Toyota typically written in Katakana? (トヨタ)
Kanji in the Fox Engine logo
What is a good antonym for 多難 (many difficulties)?
Correct romanization for ベオウルフ (Beowulf) and the use of ō
Understanding だから...言ったろ
The order after 男女比
Most appropriate word for 'antonym' – 対義語 or 反対語?
What is the nuance of お人好し vs いい人?
と after counting something
Usage of で (Continuative?)
Meaning of と思ったら (Colloquial)
What does 斜め mean here?
Is it ok to start learning Japanese?
What does のも mean in 仕事が忙しすぎるのも考えものだけど、時間が余るのもなぁ?
Can I use only hiragana when writing words/sentences?
Difference between てぶくろ and グローブ
Verb clause for someone else?
Use of ン in place of の
Verb combination (なりたくって and き消す etc.)
Trouble working out when the next word starts
"Cold" in Japanese: When to use 寒冷
Japanese for submarine sandwich
Is 判決が[下]{くだ}る a common expression?
Uses of [◯]{まる} symbol in Japanese typography
How do I say "cat"? And do I use kanji, hiragana, katakana or rōmaji?
What does 撓｛た｝める mean in these 2 sentences?
What is the difference between 元気 and 元氣?
What is the difference between Oyasumi and Oyasuminasai?
Clarification on 僕は落ちるのが怖い
"I would argue that studying abroad helps you learn about what's around you"
Is there P in japanese
What does 先｛さき｝ mean here?
よりに meaning in this context
How do I say "Comrade X" in Japanese?
Is 日 "hi" or "ni"?
How do you say "if and only if" in Japanese?
What's the difference between 勇ましい, 勇気, and 勇敢?
Economic Sentence Translation help
～としたら What is the purpose in this context?
What is "を " used for when not attached to a verb at the end of a sentence?
An alternate connotation of よかった？
Is わきみち wakimichi 【脇道 · わき道】 common?
trouble with comprehension: 最大公約数的な and くらいにまで
How to say "even" in Japanese?
Which of these means affection 愛情, 愛 or 情?
Trouble with translation 「アジア人歌手では過去最大級となる。」
How can I frame this ダジャレ to sound funny?
What does 捜す refer to here?
What does 便りの空だのみ mean?
why is でのこと used?
Meaning of っていうのにも
Nouns, Counters, Adverbs of quantity
What is this Kanji?
What's the difference between 売る and 売れる？
What is the image/feeling/concept behind 面白半分に◯◯する?
How to say "by ___"
How to read this calligraphy? What does it mean?
What does 将 mean?
What is so うまそう about the flower name スノードロップ?
How to say "less" in Japanese (I want to do X less)
Difference between 〜ておく and 〜っぱなし
Adding く to な-adjectives?
How to say "Several times but each on different day" in Japanese?
Difference between ときがある and ことがある
願いは叶う or 願いが叶います?
Identification of ライヤ: 来夜、来耶、来也 and its meaning
Inaccurate ruby for 等?
What's the difference between 魔{ま} and 鬼{おに}?
Meaning of と in this sentence from BKB Lesson 9
Why is it 悪魔 and not 悪の魔?
What does it mean by 涙を預けて?
Why some tutorials teach writing Japanese numbers with Hiragana when they are actually written with Katakana (as on-yomi) in dictionaries?
Is there a name for kanji with the same ON and KUN readings?
Strange usage of というもの
What's the meaning of 乃?
Use of non-polite form between Japanese companies
I'm doing 自己PR, how can I say that I'm a person who doesn't give up?
Multiple verbs without implying that they all happen, "or"
How to make comparisons like "the wider the river the easier to navigate"?
Conjunctive form (e.g. 書き) vs Conj + mono (e.g. 書き物)
How to conjugate multiple adjectives using て-form with conflicting tenses?
すると meaning in this sentence
身にまとう related question
What is the purpose of 中 in ダウンロード中?
What does もんね mean?
What's the pitch accent of すなわち?
What does ま、いっか。めんどくさいし mean?
Japanese for baby kangaroo
Using demonstratives with time periods
Understanding ハッとしたように
What does また アリでも入ったのかなぁ～ mean?
Difficulty understanding なんないのも
Why does 屋根 means roof and 天井 means ceiling? Shouldn't it be the contrary?
Examples using 果てる
Adjective-Noun vs Noun-が-Adjective
Kanji for なくす - to lose something
What does the grammar "noun が noun、verb" mean?
「〜といいます」 vs 「〜というものです」 when introducing oneself
When to use ます-stem + かかる
は and を or の and わ
Plural reflexives: among themselves
What is the name for kanji that only have ON reading, but no KUN reading?
Need help with understanding a sentence
幅広い in this sentence
The potential form 思う and 思える are two different things?
What are the best ways to convey the idea of getting to a destination?
What does it say on this masu?
What does 「という事になっている」mean in this context?
How do I read 上 in ご注文の際は予めそちらをご了承の上お願い致します? What does it mean?
How was the first Japanese-English dictionary made?
Should one use うもれる or うずもれる in this sentence?
A relative clause in a relative clause (Nested relative clauses)
A question about 直る and 修理
Other uses of the particle と: トンネルを抜けると雪国であった
How to say "I'm happy to be here right now"
と indicating a condition that results in an inevitable outcome
How to read kanji on the attached photos?
The correct way of using toki
How to use verb stem+始める?
Why doesn't 教 end in"-う"?
Why is う sometimes read as "o" instead of "u"?
For time adverbs, are particles instead of commas used in official (legal) writing?
When to use おう and when to use おー?
function of そう in the middle of a senctence
In Japanese, can we say an object asks a question?
What is しか here?
What does 箸にも棒にもかからない describe?
How do I read 数 in ページ数?
Is there a difference between 'futari' and 'futari-domo'?
Do ～せずに～したほうがいい and ～しながら～しないほうがいい have identical meaning?
What is the nuance of わかりゃあせん vs regular わかりません?
「自分」の使い方を詳しく説明していただけませんか。
Which ones are the primary and secondary actions in 「Xしながら、Yする」 grammar?
Would you consider the で in 日本食で一番好きなのは・・・ to be the particle で or the -te form of だ?
大変　How to choose correct meaning
"That's my train"
Does Nする always become a transitive verb?
What is the dictionary form of sukunai?
What is the Japanese phrase to convey the meaning of "to declare attendance"?
Is there something wrong with this sentence? 暑いから水を飲みました。
Is 飲んだことがない identical to 飲まなかったことがある?
Japanese for Australian-style community colleges
Why does "子" often come at the end of a woman's name, but comes at the start of the term for a baby animal?
japanese verb for "to surf the internet"
Rain on your parade
Does 私の名前はXYZです sound natural?
Why does native speakers rather say 言う通り not 言った通り?
What does the following sentence say about field fires?
How to say "am getting used to" something
〜がほしがっています vs 〜をほしがっています
How to say "Do you want to know?" in Japanese 尊敬語?
Why would one write 譬｛たと｝える this way?
Word correction help
持たせる meaning in this sentence
Difference between potential form and ことができる
In what context do you pronounce 行く as ゆく?
Origin of Natsume Soseki's Translation of "I love you"
Which is the family name in 「工藤 拓 (くどう たく) 」?
Use of number+ counter as a noun
Help understanding this sentence
Help with understanding a "broken" 手紙文
I am really not sure of what カンナ is saying in this text
Difference between 「ことを伝えて」 and 「と伝えて」
Origin of the pronunciations of 観音 and 漢音
相乗りの意味はなんですか。「賞品相乗り」「相乗りしたショップ」はなんですか？
Am I correctly using は and が here.
What does [文] as in "[文]のに対して" stand for?
ようにと meaning and Causative of する verbs
Confusing sentence
What is the meaning of 幾里?
Understanding 勝手
Difference between onyomi words and kunyomi words
What does the word 「しおって」 mean?
What is the correct interpretation of Aの本はBの本のように多くない?
What is the commonly used phrase (if any) to convey the meaning of "detail-oriented analyst"?
Meaning of 不人気街道一直線
Help identifying signature
So I am reading through a text and I am not sure if my translation of this sentence is correct
Meaning of ようともしない
Is there a slang meaning to "ダニ~ナｱｱ..."?
Best translation of おトク
Kanji that represent "Death before Dishonor" meaning
門前払いを受けている expression
ば　ほど with 2 different verbs; 気持ちの持ちよう
What is the correct way to romanize ッジ?
meaning of 四里四方{しりしほう}
Dakuten used in non-standard ways (like with vowels)?
敬語 with and without ～になる
Which is used more / is more natural in speech? 突然 or どっと?
しか before a clause
Is なんとか なる さ meant to be written in Hiragana and not Katakana?
に満ちた and particles に　が
Five different verbs meaning "to close" with the same kanji (閉)
面白かった Vs. 有名だった
Difference between ざまに and ながら
What does ～したいところだ mean?
続けて回っている versus 回り続けている
Is there a difference between ご飯 and 御飯?
How to say "I had a fight with" and "to be angry with each other"
Different word about Back and spine
What would be the specific name of this type of bowl?
Meaning of にまでなる
Is the verb necessary for this sentence to make sense?
How to use ～でも and ～も?
「残業代」と「残業費」の違いを教えてください。
How to pronounce "R → ∞ " in a mathematical context
「感じさせてくれるところ」の意味と使い方
Past negative tense じゃなかったでした
How to say at most one?
〜ば〜ほど - different with and without ば
What is the etymology behind したっけ
のために + ～てあげる/くれる
Proper form of なさる - なさります or なさいます
Difference between 柄 and 模様
Meaning of verb followed by ちゃ
Which が is this?
What does "なあ” & "なんて” mean in this sentence. (うん、めずらしいなあ、めぐみのほうがおそいなんて）
落ちしないかなあって思ってる sentence breakdown
けっこんしていらっしゃいますか or けっこんなさっていますか
〜と whenever's second clause must follow first clause
How offensive is ぷっくりする?
A lost haiku from the Heian period about the death of a child
Is 食品昏睡状態 a thing?
Health related kanji compound: 了承群
Usage of か I keep encountering
Using 〜になる instead of です?
Appropriateness of using ～たい in a polite setting: "Have you always wanted to be a teacher" in Japanese
Regarding どういたしまして usage
Help deconstructing a paragraph
What would change if I used the causative in this sentence?
How to say "I will have arrived home by 6 pm."
What does で do in this?
Difference between the kanjis for "tears/なみだ": 涙 and 泪
What does かみつれ mean?
Company officer
Are there really 200 000 maids in one building?
To test appliance before buying
Why is there a と in front of 別?
Common origin of uses of the か particle
Is it correct to say 私は二人のお兄さんがいる?
How to find out the meaning of hand-written japanese?
Subject tracing
Romanization of kanji compounds: when are spaces used?
ーているの construction and use of もの
Multiple Pitch Accents
What does the word 「ばっきゃろ」mean?
Unknown grammar: でいたい structure
Continuative てform of adjective and noun
Can 主に modify a 体言?
What does 言っちゃえば mean? And what does 地面を蹴っていた mean?
What do ほどしかない and 行かないといけないから mean?
Tracing subject sentence and missing classifier
Is this sentence about specific people, or a certain type of people in general?
そうです expressions
What is the meaning of the following build 「信じられない事に～～ではありませんか」?
Difference between 増やす and 増加する?
What exactly are the differences between 大体, だいぶ and 大部分
What is the difference between 失恋する and 振る?
What does ギョグ mean?
Does 筈はなくて grammar construction have a negative connotation?
か at the end of a news story title. Is it a question?
What does the Japanese diminutive suffix "chan" indicate?
けど usage in ”魔石灯”がいい例だけど、”魔石”は…
How do you say, "I have been an annoying person lately."?
What is the meaning ウソ & 誰向 in this sentence
Describing lego brick dimensions in Japanese
placement of the adjective/adverb いっぱい
Natural way to ask what project/work someone has been doing lately
Deciphering handwritten phrase and its meaning
Use of Tsukerarete in this sentece
Translation of "取り扱いを決めて物事の決まりをつけること。"
How to say 'an outdoorsy person' in Japanese
How to say "I grew up thinking about X"?
How to say "still waiting for me"?
Is 食べてたい correct?
Why で instead of を in しんぐもつちぼこりでよごしてしまいました。
How is 百にも足らぬ used here?
What is the difference between ている and ています?
Use of particles for なにも in response to the question "What is in something?"
How to say "X movies" that are movies about X
僕がついてればいいんですけど。いそがしいもんですね。
「電車が空く【すく】」 と「 電車が空く【あく】」
Changing が to の outside of relative clauses
Does "fukushuu suru" mean "review" or "revise"?
Odd use of も has me stumped
How to say "This day is going by too quickly" in Japanese?
嫌い in "私のことを好きか嫌いか", etc
Is it correct to say 複雑な波長?
For which verb is を marking the object
お土産 - May this be used for oneself?
function of "できる" in this example
“Uncle's jokes !?”
Is お・ご～させていただく 二重敬語?
To turn/rotate Shinkansen chair
What is the level of politeness for 我々?
に防ぐ or が防ぐ Which one is correct?
Custom ateji (?) made by authors
Question + は置いといて
What does 「風が強く吹いている。」 mean?
最後に「か」が置かれると疑問文になるかどうか
What does the 「な」 do in this sentence?
Can I use Kanji for my first name?
meaning of the verb 工夫 in this example
What does the 「たあ」 do in this sentence?
What does this sentence including もとで mean?
Meaning of 私の方が好きだけどね
Can katakana ワ be used in official name?
Aspects in stylistics/meaning of 東雲
Meaning of phrase そこそこ上手く、そこそこ下手
Meaning of volitional passive form
Difference between 谷 and 谷間?
What does [雲行]{くもゆ}き mean?
Usage and meaning of 連絡を入れる
"Business" email letter opening when their signed name is their language center?
What does the word 「すねぐれて」mean?
What does "ああ　こいつ　ひろわれっ子なんで　かーちゃんいないんだ”
Can お[邪魔]{じゃま}します be used in cases of long-term stay?
What does "Ouen shite iru yo!" mean exactly?
What does "ne" in "so ne" and "gambaru ne" mean?
Comparison of "迷惑をかける" and "手数をかける"?
Difference between 設定する and 調整する
からは meaning in this sentence
How to say "plunge into (studies)"?
Titles of paintings as precedent phenomena
Meaning of とっぴょうしもねぇ
Question about だれが「おまえを好きだ」と言った
When did 濁点 and 半濁点 come into use?
Liter/100 km or km/liter, which one is used in Japan?
Meaning of て-form followed by さ
の他に（も）grammar example sentences
以上 and adjectives
What does ダークホース mean here?
About the second の in 不思議の国のアリス
The meaning of 一丁前にてれちゃっても
Why are there different names for the same kanji radical?
Is this 全くだ meant to be irony?
Why is たばこ written in hiragana instead of katakana?
めちゃくちゃ寒いもん : Because it is freezing, or because it would be freezing?
What does トラックなど１２台の車 mean?
What is potential form?
IPA transcription of kana づ please
本来なければ usage and meaning
What is the purpose of repeated words?
What does 'タメを作る' mean?
Is 望む a typo for 臨む in this sentence?
Meaning of the word どんこ
Understand the difference between [dictionary/ない ＋ ようとする] and [volitional ＋ にする]
Usage of 認めよう and 空 on this page?
Deciphering Kawaii Writing
What does 活躍話 mean?
らせる typo for される or different word?
What the difference between using か and が for a question?
Can「箱の中を手で探った」be shortened to 「箱を探った」?
Sonkeigo forms of できる and なかったら
とでたしか。。。出してられます: particle and tense question
What does だから、ではないが mean?
What is the function of だろう?
んですが and differences in nuance with んです
How to say "I found my glasses"
Is the word 「やんな」positive or negative?
Casual usage of i-adjectives and ending particles
Comparison of 4 different ways to ask something
Using a person's name in place of a pronoun
Meaning of 水面 in reference to population
Translation of 権現様: literally or not?
meaning of にしてみたら
Verb tenses in hypothetical situations
なっている when does it mean resultant state, and when does it refer to progression?
Addressing other members of the same great family when everyone shares the same surname
冬に助けられたし　（Who was?)
When to use が and when to use は
definition and usage of ~いずれも
"Children ask their mothers which hand to hold their chopsticks in"
Translation of なんだから
Difference between そういう and そんな
Meaning of sentence in dialogue
How to say "if you eat too saltly, it is unhealthy to you" in Japanese using"塩辛い(しおからい)"
Understanding ”どっちがいい？”
Confusing use of possessive の
するに not followed by motion verb
Another way to say "これはだれの___ですか？"
Difference between 友情【ゆうじょう】 and 友好【ゆうこう】
Meaning of this 無手勝流の剣にしては！やる！line?
Difference between か and のか
What does の in 朝の台所 mean?
Can compound words like 「外食」be considered as a morpheme?
Why write「もの」instead of 「物」 or 「者」?
Is there a difference in meaning between 何時間寝ますか and 何時に寝ますか
What does yoroshiku (gozaimasu) mean?
Japanese for "Dami Im"
Why is「から」used in this sentence?
What does こと mean in this context?
What is the meaning of 「日本新」in this comedy premise?
About 忙 and 忘 using same radicals but having different meanings
Meaning of このなかでは
Asking somebody's name
楽しました vs 楽しめました
Does this sentence make sense?
鞘に収める expression. Meaning?
Different conjugations of the verb 住む
Why is this katakana not reversed?
How should “四月は君の嘘” be translated?
Strange question/answer pattern
Need help with 熊 pronunciation
Difference between 問う, 聞く, and 訊ねる
Using 出る as opposed to 出かける
Saying bye bye to others
What is the function of "o"?
Difference between 赤｛あか｝ and 赤色｛あかいろ｝
Referring to myself
Two different polite forms of the conditional conjugation
What does 斜めに流すこと mean?
Can は be used to mean "at least"
When is 凝る pronounced こる vs こごる?
かのじょはブルスが生きさせる。
what is "progressive form" in japanese?
What other forms of the progressive verb can be shortened?
How to correctly use でございます when speaking with a superior?
Is the 「て」 missing from 「され」 in this sentence?
On the interpretation of 「酷い言われようだ」
On the usage of 「は」 and 「が」 in a poem by 谷川俊太郎
Is はおる a commonly used verb
What does the second of these two Japanese symbols mean?
What does なってる mean?
Are constructions like listing with 中黒 used in speech?
How to say "speakers" as in electronic speakers?
Identifying who's who?
What does "兄者など" mean?
I have some problem with passive form of verbs, and actually with に particle in it
How do I read 田中孝司 as a name?
Can とか have the same meaning as も?
When to use 座る vs 坐る
滅日 meaning and J-J definition problems
Native Japanese word for フリー
Metaphor of collecting dirt
Desire form verbs (~たい), is there a polite form?
Nuance between 僕 and 俺?
What is the correct なさる masu form?
盃に口をつけてごまかすほど to describe a 祝杯
How do I tell if the に particle is indicating a target or a source?
Usage of て form plus の (幸運が重なっての勝利)
Is 翻す a former compound verb that merged into its current form?
When to use 倒れる or 落ちる?
What does ～がままになる mean?
Why is it using いらなくなった instead of いらなかった here?
ことわざ for staying out of things you don't understand
Meaning of 一度や二度じゃ、とうてい伝えきれないくらいに
What's a "ship" called in Japan?
足りません - can it also mean 'missing'?
Obscure religious expression
How to say "Knowing that I hurt you is breaking my heart"
Is 子宮が疼く commonly used for wanting a child?
What is the correct "healthy" adjective for healthy foods?
Best way to say "if you don't mind ____" in this circumstance?
How to say "100% virus free"?
What nuance does 引き締まった顔 imply?
Another way to express the reason for doing something, apart from ために
Question regarding the use of なのに
What means 目えかける in this phrase?
自分 How to know what it means?
Why is there a な in this sentence?
だんだん読めないようになった versus だんだん読めなくなってきた
"Alcohol-free" event
meaning of そんななか、
What does 辞書形＋といけない mean?
Two Kanji Radicals for "River"?
I'm having trouble understanding 持って帰ったら　in this particular sentence
Purpose of "のだ" in "数年も漁村に住んでて、いろんな魚種類を食べてるのだ"?
What is the meaning of ことに当たるように?
ほしがっている versus ほしそうだ
On 「夢だけど、夢じゃなかった」 from 「となりのトトロ」
Sentences using humble expressions and multiple verbs
Etymology of names of playing cards?
What does ...なくはない mean?
Subject and object of a passive sentence are interchangeable?
De wa or dewa, noob question
さえ: How to use it?
Possible meanings of the expression 退職金返上
Is it correct - クッキング・テール?
Has the meaning of "revenge" been lost in translation to リベンジ?
several difficulties reading an extract about Kobayashi Issa's works
NA particle meaning?
What does ゴリってる mean?
[苛々 ]{いらいら} versus [刺々 ]{いらいら}
Confused about 宿を取らないで, and usage of 打つ
Figurative language ひどく下品な上に
「一生懸命」と「一所懸命」の使い方は同じでしょうか？
Symbol for smiling
Is「挑発に対応しなかった」another way to say「挑発に乗らなかった」?
Japanese Nouns problem
Do I need to add "da" before "to iimashita"?
What does "俺も俺か" mean?
を and と used with 考える
腸が痛い: How do you know when your intestines hurt?
Use of で in 小川さんは語学が得意で、フランス語もイ夕リア語もできます
Just like "ら抜き" is there also "い抜き" such as "見ている" --> (い抜く) --> "見てる"?
On the interpretation of an ambiguous(?) sentence from 「風立ちぬ」
「いつまで待つつもり」 v.s. 「いつまで待っているつもり」
「星のカービィ」- Why ィ and not ー?
difference between 級 and 位
What does “ごゆるりと” mean?
Usage of を in 自らを豊作を司る
Use of と in these two sentences + のぼる or あがる
Understanding why に particle means "because" in this sentence
What does あこ mean?
Please enlighten me about a haunting "が”
meaning of 楽{たの}しむ, the verb being used intransitively
思う pronunciation
What is the function of というのは in this sentence?
What's the difference between 上手い, 美味い, 旨い, and 巧い?
Causative Form - Difference between 子供に本を読ませる　and 子供を本を読ませる
Can 達 be used to pluralize inanimate things?
Meaning of ～したいぐらい
漂わせる meaning in this context
What purpose does はめ serve in this sentence?
What does どういった mean in this sentence?
What does 楽しめよ really mean?
Can we re-position ほど phrase?
Adapting 楽しい時を過ごしてください
Use of として in sentence about conditionals
Is Facebook's use of double が grammatically unambiguous?
"め" in "五匹め" implies some sort of "ordering"? Where it makes sense, the default is "time"?
Difference between ます and です
Why is を used instead of の?
what is the difference between である ＆ という
What is the origin of 付いてる meaning "to be lucky"?
Expressing difference between "fluent" and "native speaker" in Japanese
Why is the kanji of idiot written with the kanji for "horse" and "deer" together?
Is there a standard way to clearly differentiate similar handwritten (kana) characters?
When talking about percents can I use ◯◯パーセント as well as ◯割◯分?
What is the name of paper to train how to write kanji?
The meaning of どちらが割に合うんだかな
What is 「ピプロシン体」？
What difference does it add when you write それで or これで instead of それは/それが and これが/これは?
Why are some sharks named after birds?
によって and passive question
What is the difference between「ブームメント」 and「ムーブメント」and do they share the same connotation as "movement" in English?
What is the difference between ガスコンロ and ガスレンジ?
na-adjective + に particle?
using の with と,で, から, まで
興味を持っている vs 興味がある
to overshadow in japanese
What does the ”なの” in this sentence mean?
Meaning of くる in 鼻の奥まで染みこんでくる
Can someone please help me understand the structure of this sentence?
Meaning of 人材を作り上げる
what is this kanji? why is it used?
If the particle wo is used to indicate direct object why isn't it used in some sentences where there are direct objects?
How do I say organize in Japanese as in organize an event?
none of us is as smart as all of us
Meaning of ...ていいから and other puzzles
Help parsing つまんないないんだよ
Meaning and usage of ものとする
What's the meaning of 上 in this sentence?
Is this sentence structured correctly?
Meaning of ことにはわからない
で and counters in NHK article
What is 寒ぶ寒ぶ? (in following sentence)
What does "da" mean in "tabeta bakari da"?
How to say "as I am doing..."?
汗をかくvs 発汗する - is there a difference?
How often do single dots stick to the top of kanji?
Help with grammar number
Asking 'how much'?
What is N+できる grammar?
How to list multiple purposes for an action?
Do 午前 / 午後 change depending on minutes
Adjectives and particles が に
に恥じる (Clarification on に)
だけでなく and にとどまらず
Why is というのは used (both times) in this sentence?
How do you use ～たりする with ～たい to say things that you want to do?
とする・にする before a noun
How do I read 100°C in Japanese?
Nuance of saying "同い年"? And, it is 当て字?
In compound words what is it called when two Ks assimilate into a っ?
Help understanding とわかった
Help with a Japanese joke: the link between メダカ and 小学生
relative clause with Causative-Passive Verb
て-form and other conjugations of 謙譲語
Japanese for shirtfronting
Would both of these sentences be correct?
〜ということ and just 〜こと
Use of も after quote particle
Trouble understanding sentence
Difference between 見忘れる and 忘れる
Why are the high-pitched voices of children 'yellow'?
Translating sentences containing し
困っている usage / different meanings depending on context?
How to determine the scope of subject?
Meaning of 〜たつもりでも〜ても～。
Saying someone "looked cool"?
What is meant by 包容力見せてる here?
What does やっぱり mean in [そこまでなんだって、思っちゃうもん……やっぱり]
What is the meaning of ド in this sentence?
Is there any difference in meaning between 「抜け切る」 and 「抜ける」?
What does そういうことだよ mean here?
Is there a functional difference between 優しげ vs 優しい?
"Reversal" nuance of なら
Capitalized letters in juridical documents - into Japanese
What is the difference between 見つける and 探す
まだ with verb ending ～ません and ～ていません
Using お or わ (wa or o)
何も言うでない ! meaning and origin
Should I use "Te-" form or "Koto mo" for this?
How to ride an escalator
How is 「の」 used in 終わりのない?
What does いきなりはじめんといてよ mean
Why is "さん" used as a suffix for these people's CVs / profiles?
How is 値 (あたい・ち・ね) read and when?
How to say "the third time since I started making..."
りかい します Or わかります
The finer points of the word 代理店
Words for narcotics
In a clause, which is the correct use, が or は？
When does pitch accent reset?
How can よ be used as part of a question?
How to say 'I had never been before'
What does という change in this sentence?
What does 探訪 mean here?
What is this い sound change?
Oldest Japanese Pronunciation for "When Is It?"
What's the correct transliteration of ~"yao mae"?
Meaning of kaomoji: ﾖﾛ(｀・ω・´)ｽｸ！
Meaning of 言われ + ても
What is the verb ending of われん mean?
...verb+ところあったのか
Do native Japanese speakers confuse "オーストリア" and "オーストラリア"
How to say "written by"
Can もの be replaced with の when it is used to mean "thing"?
How do you say "a light read"?
Confusing use of 減る
Is the stroke order native Japanese speakers use for romaji different to those of native English speakers?
How do you say 'it'?
Noun + da kara desu -- why are da and desu mixed? why not both "da" or both "desu"?
What's the meaning of 「これはというもの」?
Help with this sentence
Possible conjugations on certain grammar patterns
〜の vs 〜と before 分かる
女子 vs 女の子 nuances
Which form is はじめまして?
て頂く、てもらう, に. Who does the action?
このとおりよ as an expression
What's the grammar behind どうせ?
What does こう mean in this sentence?
What does 笑みがこぼれてくる mean and how is it different to 笑みがこぼれる
How to say "clean up" (for example a house or a room) in Japanese?
~かえす and ~なおす as suffixes
Why use が in the sentence below?
Compound verb with きれる
The differences between そうです ・ ようです
How do you differentiate "nande" (why) and "nande" (how, by what means)?
Saying you'll do/have done something for a certain amount of time?
The particle は (wa)
Explaining the phrase なかなか片{かた}付{づ}かない
は and が with 何 & こそあど
Dictionary form (解ける) as potential form (解けられる)?
Attaching は to a direct quote
Why is the name Tokiya written in katakana?
When is "na" used at the end of a sentence?
Does the ゛ have any use?
Phrasing with two clauses & how to say 'is'?
魚心あれば水心あり: what does 心 do exactly?
会話では助詞を省略することができるかできないか、くわしく説明してもらいたいです。
How to use このたびの + N
dilemma with hana-bi and hana hi
～と多い here meaning?
「言ってたら」What is the meaning behind the "te-tara" form?
Meaning of ぐらいじゃ足りない
Masu te-form with Kudasai?
How to use the verb こもる
Using i-adjective color words
What is the function of というのは in this sentence? Is there a relation to the word because?
Difference between 負担 and ロイヤルティ
Is there some set sentence for 「XXXX年度海外予算会議社長講評」?
片手でも指が余る meaning?
Does 「私は緊張してです私の日本語学習ついて」 read properly?
「時間」「約束」「用事」の修飾 (Noun modification for these 3 nouns)
Translation of 「項目」in the company president's speech
Last sentence of company president's speech: translate or not to translate
Understanding わかんないこと言うんじゃないのっ
What does the 「な」 mean in 「出過ぎず、足りな過ぎずな完璧な躰は」?
What is the counter for coins?
What is "かたいことばかりは言えないがだ"?
confusing usage of でも
What does かけ mean in こわれかけのオルゴール?
Recognizing old Japanese handwriting
Usage/context of 「私ね…」
Difference between チケット, 切符 and 乗車券
How to say X to the power of Y?
Differences Between 蘇生する and 蘇る
Is there any difference between 流石 and 予想した通りでした?
The purpose of an auxiliary verb あげる
Is it ok to read こみち as komiti?
Can you translate this for me?
The 「と」 conditional to be used as "when"?
The 「って」 + 「いい」 in this sentence what does it mean?
How should I translate 彼が即死した?
Difference between 募集 vs 採用
「三昧だと」と「帰宅しようとしていた」 meaning?
Confused over 「ろうそくが置かれている」
Can たり be used without する at the end?
In this sentence, to whom 自分 refers?
How to read 大船 when it means "big boat"
What does the word 「さし心地」mean?
How to say "I hope I can" in this situation?
Verb in dictionary form followed by のと
Combining だけ and 位
What meaning does ため have in this particular sentence?
Alternate expressions for "a little while"
What is the ki used for in this sentence? 懐かし き 故郷
Should I use ～てきた or ～て来た?
What is it called when staff at a clothes shop serves a customer
Why is the same english meaning of ため tied to different japanese meanings in different dictionaries?
Meaning of this sentence
Meaning of this dialogue
In which case should I use 連体形＋上で?
Understanding くらい
A question on narration: does きいた mean 'asked' or 'heard'?
What is the meaning/nuance of ~ことになる in this context?
What is the meaning of 商{あきな}いせず?
What does verb+とする mean?
Which と is this in 話し合って、どうすると？
What is the Japanese word (noun) that means “the bittersweetness of a brief, fading moment of transcendent beauty.”?
Using し before a verb and する at the end
Can the prepositions と、に sometimes be Interchanged in a sentence?
What does だけ mean in this sentence?
Difference between ために、せいで、おかげで when blaming someone
what is the transcription of the following audios?
Most common/appropriate reading of 執行
Difference between プランター and ウィンドウボックス
Can 誰にも be used in positive verb?
Meaning in a technical standard
The usage of ものの
Listing three or more items
How to ask "What are the necessary things to bring?"
Difference between だろうか and ではないだろうか
Sentence ending じゃよ
What does this けど at the end of the sentence mean?
use of 〜ちゃん as a generic term
「よかったでした」？ Is this correct?
What is the meaning of なんで here and why?
Meaning of うららか in うららかな午後に
Meaning of の in 「現金の受け取り役」
Difference between てこそ and からこそ
Pronunciation of 書 when by itself (meaning "book" / "piece of writing")
I'm called and I think -- the same?
Is みなすじ a "Precedented" Reading of 水脈?
Learning Japanese from a female can create bad habits on my form of speak as a male?
Meaning of や in 「もうどうだっていいや」
だお (net slang?)
Is 猫神(ねこがみ) or 猫山(ねこやま) a crazy male japanese name to have?
「あんたもマンガだ！！」 - how to understand it?
How to say "changed academic course" in resume?
plain present verb + ちょる
Why is 「微笑み選ぼう」 correct in grammar?
Describing progress of a project
Counter intuitive meaning of お開き
how should 断面神 be interpreted?
Conjugation for the verb しろって
げっそり自由 meaning?
How to say "A wants B to keep away from C."?
multiple たとえ even if (in a compound sentense)
といいんです and といいんですけど
When in doubt between -chan and -kun what to choose?
Using ます-form inside a (compound, conditional) statement
Why can't I use は with ある?
Can't understand this idiom, is this slang?
Nuance of たましい?
Word choice: ながらも vs. からこそ
What is nuance of using 外来語 for simple nouns?
Is it necessary the object of 近づける movable?
Can we use 近づける without an explicit object?
ならでは vs. ぐらいのもの
What does this と do here?
The answer to this question eludes me
What's the use to append a に after みたい?
Takasugi Shinsaku's quote
What does ても mean in this sentence?
How to determine which object this もう少し modifies?
Do I need to use という in 「この話が事実に基づいているという証拠はある。」?
Need a brief explanation of the grammar of って when it means "if ... then"
What does this say?
Difference between 言う and 話す
Any special meaning for "negative verb+なる (なってくる)"?
Why is という in ボソニックという食べ物 (for example) written in ひらがな rather than と言う?
Why is this 少し followed by は?
Role of の in this sentence
やましたせんせいはこどもでしたか
What's the grammar of て-form + いて?
Do native speakers consider particles separate words?
Abbreviating words by removing their okurigana
「持っていっていい」 same as ? 「持っていってもいい」?
Can 預金 mean account?
Is nominalization necessary in 「彼が戻るのか知らないんです。」？
What's meaning of word くじけずに
Why can を be followed by a non-verb?
The meaning of words from an image パシヤ （or パシャ） and しみる
What is the second word after the 「リミット」 and what is モノ(there is an image)
Two ways to say the same sentence: which is correct?
Why is it that Neptune's name is written as ネプテューヌ and not ネプチュヌ?
What's meaning of デコグッズ、タモ
How to understand the meaning 時にいくつか in this sentence?
捨てても捨てても - what does this phrase mean?
Please, explain みたのは
もらいましょう meaning in a sentence
How to understand あえない in わかりあえない
Is 夢を見せる the same as 夢を見る?
Expressing that two words have the same meaning
Expression for "lose track of time"
How to understand やすくて in this sentence?
しかしそれがいったいどんなことなのか - "what the heck could have it been?" not sure of translation
Why is this sentence not separated? 圧着部分を図１，２のように交互に折り込みドリッパーの内側にピッタリと装着します。
What is the natural way to say "It is necessary for you to go home early"?
Please Explain Dictionary Form + って (いるって)
How to say "self-identify"?
Meaning of 参考に in this sentence
Watashi versus Wataxi, are they different accents?
Basic Grammar - の particle as an explanation
Master suppression techniques
The meaning of 「尋ねられもしないこと」
What's meaning of ベシュワー and ３つくらい (there is an image)
"Less empty" and similar "double negatives"
What's meaning of 担当さん
Is this written correctly?
「自分でも」 and 「くらい」 what's it being used for here?
What is the meaning of 立腹
Polite form of つかわないで ください
Usage of ました form and た form with こと
Does "シャッターチャンス" have the same connotations as "photo op" in English?
What is the official word for compound syllabaries in Japanese Hiragana?
Translation of a passage discussing zodiac systems
Is my Hiragana writing legible and easy to read?
いけない in this sentence and V-て+noun
Meaning of 'すれ違う赤の軌道'
Translation of "want to be taught by him"?
Is っ used with all consonants or only some of them?
Gruff translation of ん
What does 遅刻するとやばいんだけどな mean?
help with small line of Fate/stay night
What does いい です mean in お飲み物は何がいいですか?
「とあって」vs. 「とあっては」
Question about using だめ です
What's the difference between 「そうもない」 and 「ようがない」
皆さんはどんな字を書いていますか？ / How do Japanese speakers write kana or kanji by hand?
"Where" construction; grammar question
Adding additional information as an afterthought
What's the meaning of 「〜どんなに抵抗しようとも限り…」
polite and casual language-- being asked to switch?
How to say "One day at a time" in romaji
What is the difference between 片方の手 and 片手?
報復する meaning in this sentence
How to say "marriage equality"?
Does the 「の」 can be used as 「を」?
Using 胸が苦しい when talking about love
Can someone break down かのじょ and かれ for me?
Using particles with a time as a topic
What does the word よれん mean?
Don't understand the structure of 「夕方アパートの山田さん宅の玄関で」
Is 他に essential in ～ほど～ない grammar?
How should I translate からである in this sentence?
How does き を つけます translate to I'll be careful?
Meaning of 勝つ手に
What is the meaning of 「読むには読んだ」?
Questions about multiple particles 「が」 in a sentence
What's the difference between 天国 and 高天原?
How to say "Mathematics has a great impact on technology."?
Meaning of 運動神経が良い
Different nuance between よく and いつも
Differences between 類似 and ような
What does との mean in this sentence?
Action : differences between 行動, 活動, 動作, 作用 and 仕草
と聞いて in this sentence
What additional meaning that なんだ add to the sentence
Meaning of さてと and general comprehension
Help understanding Noun Phrases/Relative Clauses
What is the purpose of と in this sentence?
Particle at the end of a sentence
How should one interpret ～ていた + だなんて
how to pronounce 常暗い?
What is the meaning of 「まちいな」?
"Begrudging Conditional"
What does the word 「たしけて」mean?
別に in non-negative clause
What is the proper translation for と続いた後で?
Is たち in 子供たち redundant?
What does ゴミが落ちていない mean when replying the question 日本に来て、驚いたことは何ですか?
Meaning of とる in 迷惑かけとる
Difference 先 vs さっき vs 前
Meaning of ボロカスにされる
How can verb て become an adverb?
Meaning of たァ after verb in dictionary form
Are 何気なく and 〜てしまう equivalent? If not, how do they differ?
Why did the author use に in the following sentence?
How to say "I've never done it" without saying what "it" is
sou ka na and sou ka
what is the も in this phrase mean?
Adding つき to the end of nouns
When using しか, which part do we have to negate?
Usage of 'か' in short sentences
Correct usage of 'you'?
Why was て omitted in this relative clause?
Difference between 行き先 and 行く先
教授 vs 先生 when adressing a university professor
Regarding と exhaustive list for comparison
Sprachgefühl corresponding word in Japanese
Understanding this sentence: 心配で心配で
What does the word 「なりたかねえ」 mean?
~ばいい for suggestions
What's the meaning of 来たこと?
Confused in determining the rule of composing ～さえ～ば sentence
寝ソバしよう meaning (from tweet)
State of being in a relative clause help
Expressing a regretful wish
How to describe a company that is disorganized?
What do words/expressions 段差{だんさ} and 理解知{りかいし}れない mean in this context?
Can I use both おさまって and おちついて to say "everyone, keep calm?"
Do all kanji parts have a meaning?
ごごに vs. ごごは and ばんに vs. ばんには?
The past tense casual form of iru and iku
How to parse the following sentence containing phrases that look like direct quoted relative clauses?
What's the meaning of までついて?
When translating to English, how to preserve the emphasized part?
Is it possible to use ～さえ～ば with more than one requirement?
Is there a politeness change when replacing です with (っ)す?
Help with understanding why "のか" is used in this sentence
What is the function of として in this sentence? (Vたとして)
Help with translation, 「こっちっ側中心に攻める」
Saying something was happening when something happened
Can't find the definition of ずっきり
Which native speakers would be familiar with the expression [竜頭]{りゅうとう}[蛇尾]{だび}?
Placement of まで
Differences between words for "idiot"
Difference between 弾けるように and 弾きたい
Is 戦う related to 叩く?
What does the word 「はわして」mean?
Why is the place's official name written as "なら工藝館" (rather than "奈良工藝館")?
What do the words 「いうない」 and 「おねんねしなさい」mean?
How does 非難される translate to English?
Does ''脅しじゃねえぞ'' mean ''not a threat''?
Is Japanese similar to English in that saying 享 twice in 享年 means last last year?
What does the word 「とくら」 mean?
How do people Japan learn about onomatopoeic words and why does everyone agree on most of them?
Why is it incorrect to say 「寒くて、窓を閉めてください」?
Help understanding odd usage of という
Why is the Kanji 「太」read 「ふとし]?
Saying for so much time / for so long
How to use とても in Japanese
What is the nuance of 寝てもらう in this context?
Order of particles in a sentence
Using から (because) with nouns, adjectives and verbs
What is the origin and meaning of 馳せ参じる
Is yen a Japanese word?
What does だって do in 「それは僕だって知ってる…」?
Why/when should I use the different forms of this and that?
Function of は in にはなる
Is a palindrome a thing?
How to determine the scope of modifiers in long sentences?
How to say my friend with a name
The meaning of 二条大宮の百鬼夜行
What are the most obscure kanji?
Who is the subject of this sentence?
Inconsistency in applying direct object to 勝つ
About the meaning of 「しわよせ」
How to use またしても?
Do X and Y have the same state when using ~X にかぎらず Y?
What is the proper term for a bug fix with respect to Software Development
Should the tense of predicate in main clause be the same as the tense of predicate in the relative clause?
Is "da" used often in the casual speech?
What is correct reading for 舞桜
What is つ in 中つ国 and why is it equivalent to の?
What does the word 「のたのたして」mean?
What is the difference between 原因 and 要因, 解析 and 分析?
Is the word ぐらい a noun? Why do we need の between ぐらい and はず?
What is the difference between Vてはじめる and はじめてV meaning?
What does 「～の　ほうが」 mean in this sentence?
「５しゅうかん　日本語　を　べんきょうしました」or 「日本語　を　５しゅうかん　べんきょうしました」
家を出ます ? Why not に?
Is the name Madori Japanese?
Using -ている form in the past tense
Use of past tense in quoting others
What is the meaning of 「気のすまぬ」?
How to use nested causative?
Imperative with masu stem
貢がせる verb and its usage
Questions about causative constructions
What form is あり?
What are the differences between 出かける and 行く?
にしても and としても, is there a difference?
Understanding ということのはずだ in this sentence
です after some verbs
Why is あるうちに correct but 残るうちに is not?
In a sentence that ends with a verb, when could "が" modify a 3rd person pronoun?
A single verb or phrasal verb that means "I have no choice but it is better if I let you win"?
Can もう一つ Be Used As a Question?
Is the object uniquely determined when using は in the following sentences?
Is ある or いる used for moving water?
What's the difference between [歓喜]{かん・き} and [喜悦]{き・えつ}?
Would "Jr." be included with the family name or given name?
Should: ほうがいい、べき、ことだ
-まする verb ending. Is る a particle?
Appending 内 to a company name is read ない or うち?
What does と in "対象とする" mean?
In this sentence, is changing "迎える" to "迎えられる" for a potential or honorific reason?
help with two lines of this song
Do Japanese people tend to be vague even when talking about people their listeners know?
How to say "leave a gap"?
How to express love in japanese?
Is 生まれてくる an active thing, and how to translate it?
What does the word 性故か mean?
Relation between 大学, 学校 and 大学校
What is the tiny difference between the two sentences?
Use of する and しまう
一人の彼女 versus 彼女の一人
What does と言ってしまった　mean?
Can someone verify the reasons I give for using a "wa" and "ga" in this sentence?
When I ask a simple question should I ask it in negative form?
How does the までに work in ご参考までに
How would you say "the ___ family"?
How can I express a "person has a desire to do something"?
Vague subject of sentence
けど in the end of sentence
How to parse たすけにいって
Expressing a doubt between multiple items in an enumeration
What is the subject of a sentence like 文字を紙に書いてある?
Confirmation regarding Japanese colors i-adjective
精一杯 usage in this sentence
"Yale並みに学費の高い大学". Is "並みに" a suffix? "の" between "並みに" / "学費" is optional?
Questions about double particles 「は」in a same sentence and using comma
Can ～て初めて grammar be used with negative verbs?
Natural expression for "Parking space" in Japanese
Adjectives, onyomi/kunyomi
What is the difference between 怯える, 恐れる, and 怖がる?
What's the exact meaning of ～するところ?
Using「仇」instead of 「敵」
戦前はどうやってしりとりをしていたのですか？
Understanding どの顔さげて
数 as used in math - pronounced かず or すう?
Questions about multiple particles 「は」and 「を」and interpunct in this sentence
What does あの子、あんなんだしさ mean?
"Supposedly" in Japanese
Translation of the word "sub-debtor"
に越したことはない Wondering about the に
涯 in a sentence
How rude is it to speak to a Japanese stranger informally instead of using the polite form?
Two から in the same sentence
Translation of 覚えちゃうくらいの距離で
Help interpret 遅れてもよければ、大丈夫だ in a sentence
Can someone please help me translate this line from a manga I'm reading?
From a linguistic point of view - can the order of steps in 手順 be changed?
Adjective + 出す？
What is the most "comprehensive" kanji dictionary?
What's is the difference between these two forms?
君の元へ飛んでゆけ - imperative or optative?
よう言うよう言う meaning
Similar 音・訓読み: Coincidence, or something more?
Abbreviating sets of compounds with leading characters in common
Ask Japanese complicated passage
How to say to "persuade into doing something"?
くれて in this sentence
Meaning of には in this sentence.
Why small version of katakana ヵ is used in a word 二ヵ国語
Is 預けがね a possible reading of 預け金? 預けがね vs 預けきん meanings?
Difference between 折る and 折れる
How do you spell half demon (like Inuyasha) han'yo, hanyo or hanyou?
Is there a (historical) connection between this オツ construct and Pig Latin?
これ・それ・あれ when referring to products in a store
plain form+ んでもいい
Meaning of phrase 手に実際穿った
Is this a correct usage of なら
Different ways to say even
"Put down the sword" in "The Last Samurai" movie
Etymology of 米国 (べいこく)
Is this sentence correct? courtesy/honorific use of the passive
When to use nani and when to use nanda?
Nuances of 老いる and 老ける
Difference between「湿る」「濡れる」
Difference between ワクチン and 予防接種
Why "absent from school" is "gakkou wo yasumu" when yasumu is intransitive verb?
What is the difference between "ato ichinen" and "ichinen go"?
Aratanaru and atarashii usage
when to use formal and informal conjugations?
たらしめる? ex: "素晴らしいfontを素晴らしいものたらしめているのは何かについて学んだ。"
Help with identification and translation
名乗る used as a transitive verb
What's the correct way to write eggplant?
Why does this mean they'll return 90% of the money, not 10%?
Why is this で wrong, and を preferable? 「信号を左です」
How to say "General Statement"
How do I say "Who is the tallest in your family?"
What does かける mean in 人類の宇宙にかける夢はとどまるところを知らない?
Confusing use of plain copula （だ should be だった?）
when to use 講座/ チュートリアル / 学習用
What does "sensitive" or "sens" mean?
How do you say "hard to overlook"?
Meaning of [あまりこない] and [全くこない] in the following context
What is the meaning of ～てきた in the following sentence?
~たい次第 expression meaning
What is this odd character?
How to say "I have been ～ for X months"
「の」usage in「１時間前の午前８時半」
Japanese automatic subjects (Omitting pronouns)
Meaning of this definition of 落雷?
What is the difference between 捕まえられた and 捕まった?
japanese ambiguous sentences
Using だった to introduce a subject
How to translate the construction "noun + で"
Is "役立つ" a recent lexicalization of "役に立つ"? Is it less formal?
Why is kazoku/family used twice in this sentence?
Are パート and アルバイト different?
Hello, there is a certain phrase that I've been trying to translate but because of a few expressions I am stuck (this is a multi-part question)
Trouble understanding a phrase from a novel
what is the meaning of 悪ぃ
Why the くれる verb is gone in the させるform?
Sentence ending particle よ
Parsing a fictional place-name
Japanese 使役｛しえき} and 使役{しえき}受身{うけみ} grammar
Can 向こうに in 向こうに大きなビルが見える also be interpreted as a relative clause?
Usage of the term 風吹き
When to use である vs であります?
Etymology of お負け
Does "te-form" of a verb always include て/で? Why?
Using は(wa) or が(ga)
meaning in context of 矛先 and 逃げ切る
How would saying "時には、" instead of "時に、" change to meaning of this paragraph?
help with AをBに回せる and 騎
Undertsanding the different かける
"Reductio ad absurdum": Any easy way to express this concept in Japanese?
Difference between 一番鎚 and 親方 referring to a blacksmith in a fantasy novel
How to say please could I have my money back?
What is the difference between formal and polite verb forms?
When would you use 敬語 in its plain forms?
背中を押す Phrase Meaning
AやBとか, AとかBとか, AやB, AとかB
"Joinery" as a place name in Japanese?
Help parsing this sentence
Meaning of どく in sentence
Phrasing queries about doko
Is Japanese that primitive?
Is the word Canon キヤノン (camera brand) related with キャメラ?
Difference between 切る、切り刻む、刻む
間 & ながら, どんなに ~ても & いくら ~ても, 最中
Who is considering marriage here?
With 規則 and 規定, where do you draw the line?
In academic Japanese, should old places be written with 新字体 or 旧字体?
Can I use やめた instead of やめる in this sentence?
Would まで work here?
On 重んじる and 重んずる
Difference between で and によって
Words for observatory tower such as Tokyo Sky Tree, Umeda Sky Building, etc
How did 本 come to mean book?
Difference between さえ、でさえ
When stating a non-Japanese name, should the surname come first?
Can I use とても　with すぎる?
The usage of 向き合う in a romantic context, as well as sports
Is 殷富 never used Kanji?
Does the phrase 恐竜ガール make sense?
Can an English video game be translated into Japanese without kanji?
Applying ～すればするほど (and its variants) to various part of speech
「横断する」と「横切る」の違い
Is this 8px height font understandable for japanese knowing people?
What is a natual expression for "vast collection"?
Despite reading articles online I'm still confused on sentence format using は or の
Question about 「の多く」
What is the equivalent Japanese term for "Anthropomorphize/Anthropomorphic"
What is the difference between "verb-stem + verb" and "verb-て form + verb"?
Use of も with counter
What is this wood doll thing with a poem on it?
How to use ～先生 properly with co-workers?
Conventions used to comprehend graphs, charts, etc
How to represent the word "something"?
「五輪に向けて」か「五輪に向かって」か。。。
Explaining the phrase 目がくっきり
how to write 'Ashutosh' in japanese language?
ふたりで一人前で meaning
Grammar and meaning of 凝りに凝って出された
How is という used in 「男の子の顔は父親より母親ににるという話を聞いた」?
Why say "〜、皆には出来る。" instead of " 〜、皆は出来る。" in this context?
Is 君しかこれを知らなくなかった the same as 君だけこれを知らなかった?
『僕だけがいない街』Is it grammatically correct?
ことにする with causative
Use of particles in counter grammar and a confusing sentence
「ご確認なさってください」って変？
Why is the Kanji 「驍」read 「たける」?
What Does the "Volitional" Really Mean?
What do the words 「ことに」, at the end of a sentence, and 「を巡り」mean?
What is the のって supposed to mean here?
"The eye (crust ?) laughs at the booger"?
Clarification of　半日　in this sentence
use of に or で for 寄ってください as a location particle
Does the average native Japanese reader know how to pronounce a majority of Kanji found in books?
Confuse about the definition of yakimochi
Problems with translation
How to reconcile stroke order with font variation on 衷?
japanese long sentences
What is the difference between だろう and でしょう?
should I use が or は for the sentence 私が木は好きです。and is that sentence even correct?
What are these types of 当て字?
Using -ndesu correctly?
How to express "Again?"
What is the grammar behind 見よ?
-んだ casual form
What is さらさら on packaging?
Why did they use で here?
形容詞 that end in ～しい but were not シク活用 in 古文
purpose of の in 人の嫌がることをするな
What's the difference between 落す and 落とす?
Meaning of ついて when issued as a command?
For natives, is 署名 beginning to supersede 判子 with regard to signing official documents?
equivalence between くれる and もらう
Why is there の between 考えて and こと in this sentence?
Is おくれ interchangeable of くれ?
What makes 「どこからきた？」 rude?
A good and polite way to ask "How long have you been playing drums?"
Question about i-adjective without 「い」followed by 「の」
On the interchangeability of ~ように and ~ために
Is Japanese em dash equal to Latin em dash?
The tense of punctual verbs as noun modifiers
Is there a convention to always place yourself last in a list of people?
Natural way to talk about food served in a restaurant
what nuance does ことがありますか add in this sentence?
2 different ways to describe consecutive actions
Origin of ずんぐり（むっくり）
のに and には difference
"二つ目のお話しのtheme" vs. "二つのお話しのtheme" nuance difference?
について　につき Differences
Many subject and topic particles in the same sentence
What does と and なり mean in this sentence?
Meaning of: やりまくり
Closed due to misunderstanding | How should I translate the sentence with ~のみ
The colour of 青黄色い
How to say "I don't want to take the risk of not being repaid by you"?
による for highlighting differences
Sei Sei Sei chant
ば晴れて usage and meaning
ぶん after a standard form verb vs ほど or くらい
の or は, which particle would be a better choice in this sentence?
Can I replace X with an adjective in 「ＸはＹです」?
"On a more serious note" equivalent expression in Japanese
How do I write Akane in Japanese?
Vて+しまう？ 他の使い方がある？
Difference between "私達" and "われわれ" when used as possessive pronouns?
How to pronounce the English alphabet? (A, B, C, ...)
すごく to describe a person?
What does んだけど mean here?
Kanji reading of a name
Connection between みっか/むいか and よっか/ようか
How can 関係 be used when there is only one subject?
最中に and うちに differences
How to express "and/also" in this context?
Help with おうおういっちょ前におったてて because I can't understand!
Why ば and ならない in 解決していかねばならない?
The meaning of ～がいい
What does らいたい mean here?
How to modify nouns which are present affirmative?
We are now living in the era of smartphone in which uneducated lazy people look busy and important, how to say it in Japanese?
Japanese Names for Logical Fallacies?
Modifying nouns (how to know if a modified noun is the object or the subject?)
How to translate a sentence that has no particles
when do I have to use naru hodo and when do I have to use wakarimashita?
Function of と言う
What is the meaning and reading of 小奴?
Is it okay if we pronounce a word with an 'r' sound in English 'R' instead of the Japanese 'R', which is somewhere in between 'L' and 'R'?
Relative clause ending with a noun should be followed by の or である? What is the difference?
What does the word 「やったる」mean?
How to represent percentage and ratio in Japanese?
What does かこっかな mean?
What does the word 「せん」 mean in this sentence?
What does どうにも穏やかではなさそうだが mean
それもまた 人生, what does it mean literally?
Can the last い in かわいい be dropped?
What role does と play in this sentence?
What is お in お元気ですか?
さらわる - what form is this?
what does "たすかれます" mean and use for？
The meaning of 吐く in a scene from 火花
meaning of 蓮も好きなんだから
What is 社会運動標榜?
When might someone say おしたいしておりました?
〇〇さん「は・が」いらっしゃいますか？
What does "石井ん家" (abbreviation) mean?
Clarifying meaning of 満系
Large qualifiers before nouns or unusual sentence orders?
あちし。。。Real or fiction
Using 音読み to write foreign names
Why を can't be used with existence verbs?
What does the word 「だまっとれ」mean?
Japanese equivalent of "I identify as X"
Potential form vs Intransitive Verbs
How to say 'only' when there is only one of something
State of being and the word こと
godan verbs ending in nu besides shinu
誰か being used as topic, but without topic particle
Is "ランタイム時" (runtime-time) acceptable?
という usage in relative clauses
Meaning of 迷いを断ち切るかのように
How to ask someone if they would like us to do something?
How does one say 'my compliments to the chef'?
What kind of Japanese is used for a nonfiction book translation?
Could I use 僕 to refer to myself?
What does the word 「きりねえ」mean in this sentence?
Difference between 「彷徨う」 and 「彷徨える」、「狂う」 and 「狂える」 etc
Expressing 'likeness' and using ku Verbs in the past tense
Should 「だ」 be used or not?
Describing bad Chess moves in Japanese
How you would say combination in Japanese?
Ways to say 'rather than'
Nuance questions about the literal translation of a sentence
What is a respectful way to say "homosexual (man)"?
Comparision between 仁義 and 正義
What are the Japanese words for MMA terminology?
ことか to place strong emphasis on something?
Difference between かわいいのは私です and かわいいの私です?
Usage of word white in context and alone
Is there a particular name for the rows and columns of the hiragana/katakana charts?
Questions about counters
Hiragana: How does dakuten affect chi and tsu?
Did I determine the pronunciation of 人口 correctly?
How to say "Pretty women are not necessarily attractive, let alone ugly women"?
Different usage of の
How would you ask 'What would you like me to call you?'
How to say "spoil"
は、には、に。。。what is the difference between them?
Can I use a Chinese newspaper to learn kanji radicals and maybe some kanji?
つ at the end of a number
How to understand this sentence with 次第 and 締め切らす
What does MUNU ムヌ mean please as in the phrase below
Reading of 入る - 「はいる」 vs 「いる」
For 知る what is the difference between the simple present (知る) and 知っている forms?
I don't get this specific usage of なんか
Why are some loanwords written in kanji in certain manga?
Meaning of 娘が心配しちゃいますので
~んです should be used in what condition?
Usage of Verb て-form あります
What does か分の mean in 「何ヶ月か分のわたしが床に落っこちたのを見た」?
ですかorですが？which one is correct?
Grammar of nounの多さに
What is the difference between 「本物」 and 「本当」?
What does the の do in 向かっているのは特別棟?
決着 (keri or kecchaku)
Translation Help? 「産声を上げた」
Please help me master particles
The radical "貝" and its relation to economic characters such as "貨" "資" etc
When can or should I substitute other particles with 「の」 during nominalization?
If I want to learn to speak Japanese, is it vital I learn to write/read it too or can I just learn to speak it?
Why this is written using past form?
Usage of word かんじ (not 漢字, but same pronunciation)
Usage of 如き, 如し, 如く
In what context does it sound natural to say / write "多忙"?
How to make a new sentence from 「母が私に卵を食べさせた。」where 卵 must be the subject?
What does 包みこまれる ("tsutsumikomareru") mean in the Spitz song "愛のことば" ("Ai no kotoba")?
Is putting だ before よor ね considered incorrect?
meaning of 一人じゃ
Can 寂しい be used to describe an insufficiency?
Is "速読" somewhat a different reading technique, or is it just "reading really fast"?
を particle usage
Meaning of かな for asking questions
rationale of するんじゃない as informal negative imperative
How to make this sentence correct?
How do you translate "しか" correctly?
Translation adverbs
Is "正午" precisely 12:00-pm? Does it feel different than saying "昼十二時"?
What word can I use for 'they', when referring to a mixed gender group?
How to say "to do one's hair"?
What is the correct grammar for "neither x nor y"?
Correct grammar for "snow fox"?
Nuance of マスター vs. ご主人 when referring to a cafe owner
How are alveolar stops in Japanese articulated?
What does こっちも mean here?
What is the meaning of 「ちょいとまった」?
ワン、ツー、さん、し、 Why and how common is it?
usage of particle と in this situation
Different Ways of Saying "Can you speak Japanese?"
Is this sentence in the future?
Is this book extract good grammar?
Weird behavior ga particle
General rule for writing simple kanji as hiragana in newspaper articles sometimes?
Is there a list of "pieces" all the kanjis are made of?
Nuances in the word "smile"
How do you say "once every x days/weeks/etc"?
How to distinguish between different types of katakana words?
アメッシュ etymology
Difference between 大半 and 多数派
pronunciation of 一昨年
Kanji with long あー sound
「楽々と」の「と」: What does と do here?
What does なんだろうけどな mean here?
The meaning of 殺しても殺したりねぇ
Why use kana rather than kanji (and vice versa)
こちら (kochira) or これ (kore)?
Understanding the usage of もう with present tense verbs
Long vowel followed by っ
What does 「そうもいかなくて」 mean in this sentence?
How to use 紹介される?
Can て be a particle?
origin of western names for eating utensils
Meaning of 華の独身
Why were Chinese readings imported along with kanji?
Can you help completing this sentence?
What are the differences between 田{た}, 水田{すいでん}, and 田圃{たんぼ}?
Meaning of それは構わないんだけどね
What are the nuances of the verb "to find out"?
Why is "boyfriend" transliterated as 「ボーイフレンド 」 instead of 「ボイフレンド」?
Verbs conjugated with しましょう ending
What's the difference between それならいい and それならいいんですが
Meaning of 民度低い
Why does Unicode have code points for MANSYON, APAATO and such?
What does いないか mean in this sentence?
What does いられるかっ mean in this sentence?
アイランド or 島 when translating an island name from English?
Meaning of 自分でもわかってはいるんだが
what is the proper way to use 一冊?
How to say "better+verb"
～際に　and ～に際して grammar
How do I ask someone to limit the scope of their questions?
と prefixing a verb?
-たん (-tan) suffix (honorific) meaning?
Etymology of いい reading of 飯
Words for "stomach" (お腹、胃袋、etc.)
Help with understanding this sentence
How to say よろしくお願いします in English?
To what extent, if any, was meifumadō an element of Japanese Buddhism or culture?
Correct use of たら
Translation of はじめとする
"fancy meeting you here"
Correct use of かけて
How to say "Borrowing something from someone and not returning it by exploiting unawareness of its owner is the same as thieving. "?
Pronunciation of 空室
What purpose does ある serve in the sentence?
What search term(s) should I use when looking for a pronunciation guide of ancient kanji?
Readings of「乗んなかった」 and 「また来なね」
What does "きゅうにゅう" means?
What does ほど mean in these sentences? Also I would like translations for them
Is it a right interpretation of the line of this Japanese song?
Use and meaning of the word [綻]{ほころ}ばす
What is the Japanese analogue of word "with"?
I have questions about the usage of でもある and さっそく in this context
人 as a suffix. General rule for a reading?
Help understanding these 2 sentences
How to break down 「北航路」?
Did I read 金田 correctly?
Difference between この and こんな
Can someone explain how になって works?
Use of "yori" in this sentence
ending na instead of ne, when to use it?
Does 「剣は 鋭 気は円」 make sense?
Translation of 面倒 as referring to a person
「う」 for future tense
What does 今はそれだけじゃなかった mean here?
Questions about 絵本 by 林芙美子
Is there a way to know what meaning the も particle has?
How to parse this sentence into smaller bits?
Can someone explain the use of は in this sentence?
ちょっとぐらい　/　ちょっとくらい　meaning
Difference between まあ and さあ
What does ビクビクのヌルヌルで mean?
What does ってことか？ mean?
ですが vs が， what are the differences between them?
Meaning of なかなか顔の皮分厚い
Contraction of past form of 失う？
Is there a reason why some questions have question marks and other don't?
Ways to say 'You needn't apologize'
when no ka question mark is used instead of ka?
What is the difference between chan and san and sempai?
紹介してもいいんですけれどもね｡
The meaning of しないでもなかった
How do the denials work in this case?
Which of these grammar patterns is more correct?
にあった instead of であった
What does もうやめてください mean?
Compound sentence and politeness
Are there rules for when pronouns in Japanese can be omitted?
Can we use either じゃない or ではない in addition to でない for ～ないことには?
"One time wonder"
Difference between めっちゃくちゃ and めちゃくちゃ
いい at the beginning of a sentence
Can you explain ともかく in this case?
Can someone give me a thorough explanation on なって?
Difference between たくさん and いっぱい?
"経験になる" difference with "経験ということになる"?
The correct usage of ～と決める, ～に決める, and ～を決める
Nuance of 天下 and 地上 in the sense of the entire world
大変 different meanings
What do comma-like marks along a word mean?
Understanding a colloquial sentence and meaning of やっぱ
Can I use こと or の to say "Everyone said that ～"?
Are you allowed to use と in front of が?
how to parse すごい綺麗 (連続の形容詞と形容動詞の活用について)
Nakattan -- what does n mean?
What's the meaning of "きわきわ"?
ずつ meaning clarification
Difference between この and その
How to use 十分. Differences from ずいぶん、けっこう
Are 新しい and 新たに etymologically related?
「定規」と「物差し」の違いは何ですか
What does "オレ" in Pokemon Opening song mean?
How did わし etc. become stereotypical "old people" pronouns
から～から for a range of activities
Question about a sentence including the「す」with question mark at the end of a sentence
Why is the passive form verb 「おられる」used in this sentence?
Correct phrase for "I'm just browsing" in a store
でも、週明けすぐっていうのもね clarification
Official radical names (部首{ぶしゅ}名称{めいしょう}) vs radical nicknames (部首{ぶしゅ}通称{つうしょう})
「だって出てない」 What does it mean here?
Who is waiting for whom?
Why does ちょうし translate to "choushi"?
「チェ」 「ちぇ」 外来語のみ ? -- How old is the interjection 「ちぇっ!」 ? ??
Why is Beach ビーチ and not ビーチュ, why is Cake ケーキ and not ケーク?
Usage/Meaning: おいたん
Usage differences between てしまう and ちゃう
で言うsyntax in context
Double negative in sentence "一人くらいは来てくれるんじゃないかな..."
そんな used in disbelief
How to say "Do you still study in ABC university" in Japanese?
は and が usage in a weird case
The meaning of を in あなたは何をしていますか?
How strictly does calligraphy typically abide by stroke rules?
How to say: "Glow-in-the-dark"?
What is the correct pronunciation of 精撰寒晒?
Metaphorical equivalent of Timbuktu or Outer Mongolia
Some people say X, some people say Y
Transforming (conjugating) verbs
Meaning of に in this sentence
希望 expressing verbs
How do you use Sokkuri?
What is the meaning of なめた口?
Reading of 七時: why しちじ and not ななじ
The "cultural" meaning of 人間 (ningen)?
What is the grammar behind 'te' 'soshite' and 'to'?
What does いう mean in this sentence
If a girl tells you "きらいじゃない" what does that really mean
Saying or Idiom for 'trying to force a square through a circle'
のになあ and wish/hope
Difference between ろ and なさい?
Why do people say 'Iru?' alone?
児童vs子供, when to use each of them?
What do the shapes △ ◯ ╳ ◻ mean in Japanese? And are there variations in meaning, depending on whether or not the shape is filled?
Meaning/significance of ほおに手をやる
Which particle should I use?
Imperative form is rude...?
Help understand a sentence
Why do some Japanese people write parts of their name in hiragana?
Particles after time expressions like "三週間"
Using に in place of が
Is ～めぇし a possible typo?
Help translating めいてある
volitional + nimo 作ろう＋にも?
Catch one's breath
What does the word 「ぶっぱたく」 mean?
Would it be appropriate to use 棋士 to describe players of games other than Shogi?
Why is there no rendaku occurring in the word ふかふか?
Pronunciation of こんばんは?
What does the phrase 「まってちゃぶだい」 mean?
What does the らせ in this sentence?
Ai to iu namae no hoshi de (愛という名前の星で)
What is the role of あるいて?
What does the word 「まかせとき」mean?
Use of とは when there doesn't seem to be comparison
"access into the sea" in Japanese
Understanding っていうのも
Can someone explain the させる in this case?
"to wa" Particle? とは?
Using 交番 as a する-verb
Misplaced(?) に in たった4週間の間に毎日3Lの水を飲み続けた女性の変化がヤバすぎ！
What is the purpose of は here?
Should I use "馬乳酒", "クミス", or "アイラグ" for fermented mare's milk?
Difference between あく and ひらく
Is 私は, 明日街に歩く correct?
Prologue is プロローグ or 序章?
What is this verb form? 鳴きやんだら
Can't find the meaning of 「パー」
Use of consecutive particle の
How to differentiate between んい and に in romaji?
How to say "I knew that Kanji, but not that reading"
て-form for a cause/reason
Difference between もっとも and 一番
Are 桃色 and ピンク the same color or are they slightly different colors?
How to form a comparative adjective?
そつなく meaning? Idiom or structure?
Why does 「電話は切れた」 sound more adversarial than 「電話が切れた」?
Different ways of saying "impossible" - -得ない vs. -eない
What does と mean in 「ここにおいで」と?
What dialect are these numbers from?
How to pronounce １２歳〜１４歳
The meaning of 取らせて in this sentence
Meaning of これでおしまいに？ in this context
What is japanese?
「か」 or 「と」 as a subordinate clause?
Translation of 放学
Expressing "for/in exchange for"
Can someone explain how to use the passive here
Correct way to use ばかりか・ばかりでなく
What are the grammatically valid sentence structures for Japanese?
What is 'called' in Japanese?
What is the meaning of dots and dashes in kunyomi readings?
How to translate 入っていいのかな?
Can someone explain this verb conjugation?
Please help me understand 言えば
Use of particle や with も
Meaning of や in this sentence
ほど clarification in this sentence
「とおり」と「ように」の違いは何ですか
How to say "thank you for taking the time to read my email" in formal business Japanese
What's the rule for expressing "I don't want to"
Giving a reason for asking for a letter of recommendation
Omitting half of a letter in Japanese
What does the word 「になあ」mean?
かれはまどをあけますか — How to convert it to "Why did he open the window?"
か connecting independent clauses　and ようだと
Why does face-white (面白い) mean interesting (おもしろい)?
can の as "'s" be used with verbs?
What is the message of the song Aoi Shiori?
ベジータが家族旅行! is 旅行 here a verb or a noun?
How to write credit in Japanese
How to confirm plans?
Kanji that don't use their specified readings
What does "果布" mean?
what does kara no mean?
Pronouncing the ひ sound correctly
How does the passive form work here?
Difference between conjugated and te-form listed verbs? 「置いて行かないで下さい」
Long & complicated verb forms? ( Vstem-causitive-passive-aspect-desiderative-NEG-tense ) 行かせられ続け得たくなかった　(?)
かれはまどをあけますか。How to convert it to “Why did he open the window?”
Can the particle "no" sometimes be omitted?
A little help with the passive form
What does ように mean here?
Help to understand japanese sentence
What's the difference between あか and あかい
Japanese 受け身 and sentences
Why in "Fukkatsu no F" the words order are inverted?
Ai oboete imasu ka, what does "imasu" add here?
て form and adverbial meaning
くらい and ほど -- Where do they come from?
本 pronunciation
Confusing 受け身 questions
Help to choose answer that fit paragraph context
Can someone help with this sentence
Help to understand what words fit in the sentence
Is there any Japanese language reason why Google Maps hyphenates some names and not others?
What does 俺のせいとも思われなかった mean here?
さえ vs でさえ ｜ この整理は正しいですか。(English available)
What is the most commonly used way to apologize in Japanese?
What does そうだった means
How to differentiate meaning of words
Meaning of 寝てない
Did I say "I shall bring glory to God in all that I do." right?
What does 「中」 mean in 「そう危険なものではなかった中、彼の姿は。。。」
How do you (not using keigo) thank someone for giving you permission to do something?
What's the traditional song "don't be mean to your daughter in law..."
What does 石ころネタ mean?
Meaning of 夕陽の中を
から and まで be used for age?
Does anyone know what ちゃる means?
Meaning of ってのも/というのも
Is 大丈夫 possibly phonetic?
How to say that a word sounds impolite
Why are counters necessary to describe the quantity of objects?
Multiple verbs in a sentence ending with ている
How to use ちょうさします？
Print with Admiral Matthew Perry flanked by officers
あのせんせいって: verb implied?
How is 向 pronounced in 男性向同人?
Translation question - how to understand a phrase
What is the intended meaning of this sentence? 「これはまさに自虐ネタであるそうだ。」 w
The difference between my translation and native Japanese`s translation
How to understand 叶う here?
why たい , たくない , ながら, etc arent considered verbal tenses?
Can someone help with this sentence involving double denial?
What type of verb conjugation is this 巻き込まれてしまた
Expressing "show me how to ~"
How would I write the name Zuko in Japanese
Usage of 付加的な意味 in a sentence
Using を particle with ただ
Special Katsudon table with a light?
Helping understand ukemi sentence
How to pronounce だいがくせい
Why is 悪夢 read as ゆめ？
How do I say there are (number) main points?
Is this grammar correct? (span of time)
Difference between 故障中 and だめです
Is it okay to use お願いします when asking your teacher for help?
What are the right shapes of kana?
Why 来ています rather than 来ました
What is this character saying? [Video/Listening]
Some troubles with きかせていただきたい
Why de is used in second sentence?
Pronouncing kanji of day of the week
Question on noun modification
Is きっさてん one or two words in romaji?
How do I convert ちょうしょく to rōmaji with the modified Hepburn system?
What is 一個 in Japanese used in context of cooking?
What part-of-speech is ゲゲゲ in ゲゲゲの鬼太郎?
「何かあるごとに」Not quite sure what it means or how to translate
Expressing "live somewhere in summer and live somewhere in winter": Particle usage
Can you modify nouns with polite verbs in the relative clause?
に　まで differences in usage with person or things
Difference between 贖う【あがなう】 and 償う【つぐなう】
Grammar and aspect of 「コーヒー飲んでき！」
Are there any words in Japanese with heavily disputed pronunciation?
What exactly is なんだと?
2 verbs link together ?
Are there any differences between 申込/申し込み and 応募?
Why is いきなり needed in this sentence with 走り出す?
Is 風邪 more than common cold?
Difference between 景色 and 見晴らし
What is the Japanese word for "counter" and how do I ask questions with it?
What does it mean to end a question with 「だけでは？」
Under what Japanese honorific should manga/anime fans address manga-ka/anime directors?
How was a Japanese 'common/standard language' chosen?
Is the の in this question seeking an explanation or changing the verb into a noun-like?
How to say 'Can I continue studying Japanese?'
About japanese special expressions
Multiple older siblings
でください conjugation
does 'yutori' have kanji?
what does てはいる in this sentence mean?
I need some help with いざゆけ七変化
What is the meaning of が as a sentence-ending particle here?
What does て-form used on its own mean?
What does the word 「やそこら」mean?
Sentences can be joined using te-form. What about in plain form?
Difference between 送信【そうしん】 and 通信【つうしん】
Is 漢画 the most suitable translation of Chinese style paintings?
Using けいご to talk about a third party
What is the difference between ものですから and just ですから?
te form + infinitive +noun
I am confused about nominalisation and the usage of の、こと、物 after verbs and adjectives. Can someone help me?
How do adjectives work in relative clauses?
Help to know where to cut a japanese sentence in translation
Which alphabet should I use when combining a Japanese word with an English word?
What does the word 「こったい」mean?
How would you interpret and make a full sentence of 漂{ただよ}う 僕{ぼく}達{たち} in English?
Kanji or kana for いってきます?
What is the meaning of ダッサ？
What's a good translation of "きれいごと"?
what does noun +とする mean?
もはや used with しか
"Now that [a certain criterion] is in place" in Japanese
What is the difference between 前にある vs 手前にある?
Is it grammatically correct to say 難しいことも、諦めたい時もあります?
How to express that "something is not right" with a friendship
What does 空亡風 mean?
What does「勝負ありだ」mean?
How to understand japanese sentence step by step
Is it okay to switch from kanji to hiragana in a sentence?
What is the meaning of doreka, doremo, and doredemo which is taken from dore?
"jan", "janai", "ne", "desu ne" -- the same more or less?
How to know who is the subject and obejct in sentence when there are two particle は and が
What does 「歴史を刻め」 even mean?
What does ケルヒャー mean?
Is my understanding of やっちまった correct?
Ink label kanji?
Is またね OK even if I don't literally expect to see them again?
When is 日本語、お上手です used?
納得 and 一良好な usage in this sentence
Synonyms for あっち行け
Understanding ってだけで in this sentence
Is な used for emphasis or negative imperative in this sentence?
What's the difference between 番 and 番号?
What does 「かかと」 mean?
「楽しいでした？」- clarifications about this conjugation
Is ドットマトリクス valid Japanese?
Correct pronunciation of "sukiyaki"?
What does this mean in context? [幾本も幾本も]
How to say "Be silent (or quiet), vexatious woman!"?
meaning of ここに来て
Does ので have the same meaning as のに in this sentence?
Help to choose best option that fit in paragraph
What does 居酒屋 mean in Japanese?
What does ことが mean here?
Use は or が with ある when the phrase doesn't explicit the place
Why do textbooks teach が as "but" when けど is more common?
The song 「雪が降る」 by アダモ goes --> ♪♪ 雪は降る あなたは来ない ... ♪♪
How to cut and understand long Japanese noun sentence
Questions about words 「きいてはいた」, 「見て見たい」, 「ってえ」and 「つらあ」
The meaning of "yoi" in martial arts
What is the difference between ちゃいろ and ちゃいろい
etymology of 「が」 -- Are 「が」 and 「けれども」 (& variants) always interchangeable grammatically?
What is the meaning of 流し when talking about swordsmanship?
What's the difference between なさい and てください / でください?
「わけもないというふうで」What is the nuance being conveyed in this context?
What is the difference between アジア and 大陸?
Could you help me translate this sentence? < 今更、咎められることなんて恐ろしくもない。>
Can 昭和 mean "old-fashioned"?
What is the difference between 何 and どれ?
（花よりもなほ) What does もなほ mean here?
は topic particle. What does it mean?
Math in Japanese
Has anyone seen this word: 愛想薄い, and does anyone know what it means?
Did I correctly express what I ate for dinner?
How to express "yes" casually in Japanese
What is the difference between 見る and 見える?
Does Japanese have a past future tense?
What counter should be used for baked pastries? 焼菓子は何で数えますか?
What does this mean? 行動に理由ができる
Meaning of そんだけ in this context
Causative form and willingness of the cast
Difference between が and でも in this sentence
What's the difference between oyogemasu and oyogu koto ga dekimasu?
「が」vs「の」 with possessives
Difference among 優れた機能 vs. 優れる機能 vs. 優れている
「X 程度なら、いっそ Y」 sentence meaning
What does などそれでいい mean?
Using て-form to indicate purpose
Should it be が大好き or を大好き?
Why does the name of ハチ公 【こう】 include Katakana instead of Hiragana?
When to use おなかすいた and when to use はらへった?
How to say "You are able to" or "You can do this"
How To read this Calligraphy?
Can I get a grammatical breakdown of どうなってんの?
Polnareff & Kakyoin`s Speech to J.Geil, せるふ?
泳いでから and 食べてから
"Playing instrument according to what's written in the magazine"
How Are Verbs Taught to Native Japanese Speakers?
Rules for には usage
In Akutagawa's writing, would 誰 have been pronounced たれ or だれ?
Why was つ originally used to mark consonant gemination? When was that?
言っていた Conjugation
Indirect question marked with かが
What is the difference between 妙諦 and 原理?
Can you disambuguate a specific noun from a general noun with たち
Are Japanese counter words still being created?
Confusion with word definition (出身)
Understanding verb+ことくらいある
Why 上 is being used in these cases? How do I read it?
Could somebody explain what this phrase means?
Does 一度 have any meanings besides "once"?
What does, or could, the phrase こんなヤツはこうだ！ mean?
How to tell people that you are a bit different in Japanese?
How many Kanjis do we learn in middle school?
How do verbs interact with particles like は, が, も, を, etc
"This is a pen." and "I am a boy." -- What are the equivalent sentences for Jp learners?
Questions about particles 「など」 and 「の」
What is the meaning of スタンドプレイ in this sentence?
How to say 'I just wanted to check...' formally?
Yet another question about ～ている
What does 「諜づかいがオタナリ」 mean?
What is the difference between ぐらい、ほど and だけ
past / future -- "抜けたら" -- 「国境の長いトンネルを抜けると雪国であった」
How to say where you buy something from
How do you say 'to add to'?
A question regarding Japanese sentences with present tense clauses but a past tense main verb
How to use 自動詞 to describe 名詞?
Can't find this handwritten kanji/kana?
Describing something as 'child like', and not 'a child'
Why is this sentence like this なんと ～であることか and not like なんと ～でしょう?
How does one affirm an appointment offered with 「どうですか？」?
The word for "to host someone"
Kinship terms for older siblings
In Japanese, what does the word "kimashita" mean and how does it work?
Older Jp had much fewer particles (助詞) ? -- The modern "use ALL the particles" written style
Emphasizing parts of sentence with 大抵 (たいてい, usually)
母 (haha) and お母さん (okāsan)
What is the equivalent to old wives tales in Japanese
What does 記 mean in a 公正証書 (notarial document)?
When does omission of です constitute casual speech?
Meaning of family names
Implication of 立ち去る versus 去る
Why does こっそり not use the particle に?
What's the origin of 助 (saving)?
Double/compound verbs?
The meaning of the particle に in this sentence
てもいい + a counter?
The word どういう in this dialogue
Can 「と」be used with relative-clauses?
Who is receiving what in this sentence with に対し?
What is the difference between し and て-form in connecting verbs together?
What does 事だ mean in this context?
How to hope that something happened
How to ask to whom an item belongs to
What is the rule in assigning kanji to a new word?
Should it be のにです or ですのに when stating an omitted 2nd sentence in polite sentence?
Is "ゲル" or "ユルト" more commonly used and understood?
ができます meaning on this sentence
How/when is くる used to mean difficult/unpleasant?
Can someone help me grasp the concept of ma (間)?
Why is けしゴム (eraser) half written in hiragana and half in katakana?
What typeface or style is this font?
Help interpreting this sentence
Natural grammar for expressing someone is part of two groups
I couldn't understand this structure 住んでいた時
Use of ...と思います at beginning of presentation
～おうと思う not allowed to be used as a question
Usage of 私｛わたし｝ in Informal Situations
Could I please get a hand with the grammar of this sentence
Meaning of 冗談は顔だけにして下さいよ
Problem trying to adapt the sfx "グワラ" and "ドグワン"
What does 覆ってみせる mean?
What kind of Japanese "dialect" is this?
A translation of a song lyric which Seems off... What is the meaning of these to 2 sentences?
A question concerning どなたかにでも
What does というのは mean right after a name?
How do 旅路 and 旅 differ?
How can I ask if an English phrase is based on some Japanese phrase?
Relative clauses types and confusion
What's the role of だけの in this sentence?
'見えはしないか' confused
How was 細 chosen in 亜細亜?
How to speak about causing pain
What is the meaning of the phrase 「歯のたつ相手」?
How to say "go wrong?"
How to say that you saw something with a verb?
What is the meaning of 副助?
What does 研がず mean in cooking?
Can someone help me understand「どころの話ではない」in this sentence?
What is the に particle in 他に doing
What does する mean here?
どうしたの or どうしたのか？
Difference between うら and 後ろ
What does this phrase mean?(not asking for translation)
Is my translation correct?
Is there a difference between 突然に and 突然のことで?
Is the で here connecting the two sentences or does it act as a context particle?
What is the correct translation of むにゅむにゅ/ムニュムニュ？
How to use あげます、もらいます、and くれます
What is the meaning of あまり in this dialogue?
How do Japanese make language sound old (e. g. in historical dramas)?
What is going on grammatically with "Xを嫌いになる"?
What are some other common dialect suffixes in Japan?
Can someone help me translate 見つけ出す in this sentence?
Can anyone explain what ないっちゃないんだけど means in this sentence?
～てない - ambiguity between ている and てある
Help with understanding 「すそをはじく ように引っ張ると」 in sentence
I am confused with Japanese tense
What's the meaning of 心を壊す?
What does 何か食べ物 mean?
What does いけません mean here?
Does the Japanese word for "love" have different connotations than it does in America?
相対テンス -- ①ハワイへ行く時、帽子を買う。　②ハワイへ行く時、帽子を買った。　③ハワイへ行った時、帽子を買う。 ④ハワイへ行った時、帽子を買った。
I can't identify this kanji
Does the も particle in this sentence have the role as は?
How should I translate this sentence?
Transitive meaning of the word "翻る"?
Usage of ば - is あれば...ください valid when the two subjects are the same?
Replacing は with って
How to understand this use of "sareru" in 「植物が成長を妨げられる」?
What does って mean here?
How to say "My manager wants me to introduce my older brother to his younger sister"?
Why 食べるなり rather than 食べたなり?
What is the accurate meaning of そうですね／そうですか?
Is 言っちゃうんですね similar to よく言えますね in this example?
What kind of grammar is it in 「恥を恥とも感じない」?
What does '........でしょう' mean?
How to pronounce the double consonant found in a word other than "nn"?
Is there a I awlyas tghuhot slpeling was ipmorantt! example in Japanese?
Is a sentence ending with 誰だ but without か a question?
Can ところで be ambiguous (time vs. location)?
Meaning of きく耳をもたない
What does また mean in 右、左、または、まっすぐ?
What is the difference between しないで and しなくて?
「僕は任務を完成〔する／した〕かどうかを確認しました。」
Meaning of 基本 X から Y メイン
Does the negative form of 〜てある exist (~てない)?
Please help me understand 思い巡らせた
Please help me explain the kanji in [出]{だ}した and [出]{で}た
と言えば and は as a topic marker.
Can't find a verb to match this object
What's きます in 持ってきます?
The meaning of し
Ways to greet someone irrespective of time and situation?
How to talk about the content of something?
How is ~ように used/linked in this sentence?
What does ずっと前から mean?
Does a question using じゃないんじゃない exist?
How to turn 蓬 into feminine given name?
Is there a generic word for a band/orchestra to "play" a song?
Understanding んじゃないでしょうか
Meaning of あるにはあります
Meaning of adjective + にする
「のは」 vs. 「には」 -- as in 「嬉しいのは嬉しい」 「あるにはある」
パンの作り方は何ですか。　OK?
Particle で before もちきり
I don't understand this sentence 「自分は深く考えてなかった」
Please help me understand more about intransitive verb and transitive verb
The usage of ようだ with 何かを感じていた
What is the specific difference between ば and たら conditionals?
それにしても日本人と変わりませんね - this sentence seems to make no sense
Natural pauses when reading and speaking
Meaning of phrase "Hai do do?"
What does 「なにしてたん？」mean?
Can you use わかる instead of わかりました?
Understanding kanji: kanji sound boundaries?
Why でも is used rather than も in this sentence?
The role of を in this phrase 夜景を背景に歌舞伎の映像が流れます
What is the role of imperative form in this sentence?
Words for computer: パソコン or コンピューター
Please help me understand 注がれた in this sentence and its conjugation
Meaning of ことする in this sentence
How to say "He went to bed without taking a shower, brushing his teeth, removing his contact lenses"?
What does 結構好きです mean?
What are the rules or instances in which a kana indication of の is dropped?
Why is には used in this sentence instead of は?
How to grant permission for something in Japanese
Jumbichū or Junbichū for じゅんびちゅう, Konban wa or Komban wa for こんばんは？
Is there any difference between writing the katakana カ and the kanji 力?
ひとつでもいいからだめな例が当てはまらないものさえほとんどない。-- Deciphering -- triple-negative?
なく suffix and ていたら suffix
締結 can this be translated as "engagement" in the context of mechanical clutch connection?
What does this fish market banner say?
Can mokuso literally mean close your eyes?
～ているところ used with continuing verbs
Desu pronounced dess: what about other words?
I can't look anywhere (どこでも見ちゃだめです）？
Usage of 〜ても in the phrase「でも普通どおりにやっても面白くないから…」
Direct Object as Topic
Why is the topic marker wa spelled ha?
How to say how long an object will last?
Stroke order of kana (not kanji)
Difference between furigana and rubi
Difference between the two "o" kana, and how to input them from romaji keyboard?
Saying 'A little bit' instead of 「はい」 when asked 「日本語ですか？」 or similar?
Stroke order of cross in kana
What is the difference between Nigiyaka and Isogashii
Is this a 略字 or 異体字 for 鼻?
Describing the degree/level/amount when using the -さ adjective ending
Hiragana long ō: spelling: おう versus おお?
Difference between the particles で and に？
Help With A Term In Katakana
Does this sentence with ことになる make sense?
* "The Japanese language does not have words that function as adjectives in a syntactic sense"
Difference between おかあさん and ははおや
When is 酒 pronounced sake and when is it pronuounced saka? And why?
Why ī is the only romaji that can be spelled as a double ii
kimasu, shimasu, imasu, and mashite, and deshita
Onegaishimasu meanings, reply and when to use
I have a question about this form そうな/そうに
What does ほれ mean?
Are 少女 【しょうじょ】, 少女 【おとめ】, 小女 【しょうじょ】 and 乙女 【おとめ】 fully interchangeable?
Questions about phrase 「てもよいか」 and prefix 「うえ」
What does ねこ部 mean?
How would you say "x says hi" in Japanese?
The politeness level of 辞書形(ある／する) in replacement of ます form
How would I go about explaining how I want my haircut in Japan?
What is the meaning of それで in this sentence?
Is 「かれがしょうねんですしかよ！」 grammatically correct? (「です」 before 「しか」?)
なんなら【何なら】 = なんだったら【何だったら】 -- Why/How do they mean what they mean?
What does ここじゃ何だ means in this sentence?
What does かぎのあるヱ mean?
Difference between [休日]{きゅうじつ}, [休暇]{きゅうか} and 休{やす}み
Confused about Hoka - 外 or 他
what does「今夜が峠です」mean?
Honorific and humble forms of suru verbs
How can this phrase be translated?
What are the negating-suffixes in Japanese?
The difference between "Okiniiri no" and "Ichiban suki na"
What is the difference between 非親告罪 and 親告罪?
What does 限り mean in this case?
Counters 本 and 話 within the context of anime production (need sakuga fans' insight)
What does this ごにゃごにゃ onomatopoeia mean?
How certain is たら？
Could someone help me translate this sentence?
The meaning of なんだって here
Does Kara have two meanings: since, because and from?
Kohsuke or Kosuke?
Dialogue and politeness level in 風の又三郎
How to translate "tonight" meaning "this evening" and "this night"?
Meaning of でも in this sentence
Meaning of えれぇ in this sentence
Meaning of わりィ in this sentence
Is saying "私は社会人です" self-deprecating when you meet someone? Is it too vague?
Difference between ”conditional” いい and 方がいい for providing recommendations
How do you translate 笑っておく?
What's the difference between Kokonotsu and kyū
Definition of ワガハイ
Can we compare a noun with a verb in Japanese?
Mainen or Maitoshi used for every year?
How would you say "I changed my mind" in Japanese?
Can the topic は be ordered after other words or phrases?
Understanding じゃから
ために vs こと when saying thank you
は and も particle opposition
Meaning of first "から" in "私からちゃんと話しとくから"
What are the different use cases for 家 vs. 自宅
Why is と being used after the past tense in this sentence?
What is the difference between どうかな and どうなんだろう?
What is the difference between 後ずさった and 後ずさりした
おく for "home country"?
Can 「持ち込んだ食品を飲食するのは禁止である。」be simplified for a notification board?
Difference between volitional +と思う and volitional+ と思っている
verb and then na-adjective in sentence
Meaning of たらたら歩く
私はあおい車はすきだ (は as contrast particle) vs 私はあおい車がすきだ
When to use 云う vs 言う?
What is a TV news story called?
In romaji is it okosan or oko-san?
前の方に立つ　versus　前に立つ
Multiple rounds of "continuing action" conjugations
If Japanese rice wine is called Sake then why is a liquor shop called a Saka-ya?
Is the word for walk (sanpo) a verb?
What's is the meaning of 空しさが勝る?
この薬によっては副作用が出ることがあります。 Clarification on によっては
Ending Questions with だ
という used right before comma: What does this mean, and how is it grammatically possible?
What does 否定を上回る mean?
What does this sentence mean? I can't understand this 求められようと
Differences between は and が
Asking someone about their feeling towards experiences
How do the は and が function here?
Name of the food in the picture in Japanese and i can't identify it in English, either
What does 快便は快適な場所から生まれる mean?
Optimisation of vocabulary learning
What is the Japanese equivalent of "to pick up a girl" or "to hit on girls"?
Can "悪夢" be used metaphorically?
What's the meaning and usage of ~マシだ
How is Y森飯ルド romanized?
Is There a Good Guide to Thinking in Japanese?
Understanding したことまで
Usage of 用意 with different conjugations of 出来る
Is patacake game called ぬすんではらいて
How to say "This song is dedicated to our parents " in Japanese?
What are the grammatical rules for using filler words in Japanese(e.g. ええと, なんか, あの, and so on)?
O-sumai-wa dochira-desu ka? vs Doko-ni sunde i-masu ka?
What is the difference between そして (soshite) and それから (sorekara)?
What is the meaning of "Tabako-wa goenryo kudasai"
"手が折れた" a natural way to express that the bone in a hand is broken?
About the usage of the particle に
I am writing an essay and I need to say, "From here, I would like to talk about my family"
Could someone tell me why is よう being used in this sentence?
Grammatical explanation of 高めだし
Meanings of びょうびょう
Translation of a sentence < 私はどれ程の人間...>
Is there any difference in Yoku (well) and Yoku (often)?
What does the word 「へそのごみ」mean?
How would one go about romanizing Aynu Itak?
What is the difference between 行き先 and 旅行先?
Can I skip これは and この in questions?
What does "de no idou" mean (in relation to flights)?
Is 遥か a special kind of adjective?
Zaseki - Is that a Japanese word for "seat"
What does じゅう mean In the word string :いちにちじゅう
Question about て- form verb ended with したる
Do story/literature need to be written politely?
Why is 1st floor written as ikkai いっかい?
When asking for the bill - かんじょう or かいけい
知っているはずです is over complicated?
Why does Siri say 座布団１枚お願いします when I told him he is an interesting person?
Why does some manga have dots above some of the words?
Meaning of 青じろい in 風の又三郎
What does 睨んでの指示 mean in this sentence?
"Once upon a time" is to "The End" as "昔々" is to "______"?
The meaning of　「全然わかる」
Should I use the formal form (~ます) on the buttons of an app?
Subtle differences between だれ and どなた?
How to read kanji entry from Takoboto dictionary
Is using the particle の at the end of a sentence considered feminine?
What are the original names of the months in Japanese?
Is okurigana always dropped when combining kanji?
Difference between します and できます？
To think kanji: 思う (おもう): シ (shi) versus (shitau)
Can't find adjective in dictionary
Are there future tenses for Japanese verbs?
What's the difference between bejitarian and Saishokushugi?
What is the difference between ohanashi and oshiete
Is fumufumu the same as soudesu?
Verb te form + くれて
What is the difference between 先生 and 教師？
Do Japanese people introduce themselves with the last name used first?
Trouble with a sentence
usage cases for 失礼します?
Meaning of 「X 一緒なら Y 一緒」
How can I ask about a person's specialty?
Is it possible to use more than one を in a sentence?
Can ここ be used to present a list? Or is it only used for locations?
Can a Japanese word combine both on'yomi and kun'yomi characters?
What's the difference between shokuji, ryouri and tabemono?
出来る{できる}: kun'yomi from Takoboto dictionary do not correspond
The question marker か can only be used in polite questions right? Then why plain volitional can use it?
What is the most used word for afternoon?
When using ka, is it acceptable to eliminate the question mark when ending a sentence?
Why are Japanese personal names pronounced the same but written differently?
How do I read 間 in 食べている間に読みます?
What final sentence particle can replace の and is used more commonly by men?
Difference between ほど and まで?
How to express two of the same object, but different colors?
When a word is both a な and の adjective?
Is the たん in this phrase the same as たく or たい?
Question About Kanji , 發, and 発
シャンクス見参! why there is no が in that sentence?
I have had this knife for over 60 years and I would like to know what these Kanji mean
Any hints on how to translate the 'Nanny' in Totoro?
How to say each other on this sentence
What's the difference between 勝つ可能性 and 勝てる可能性？
Understanding ～の方を回っていく
と quotation particle: Omission and the で particle
Why is から and けど used just about everywhere?
Referring to a group of young people
Should I write 此方 or こちら?
What does 彼女は私ほど自分のことを好きじゃない mean?
Describing a shrine, just not a Shinto shrine?
Can someone help explain the difference between Hajimeru and Hajimaru?
What is the meaning of Sankyo in Japanese companies names
What is the definition of a 街開き?
Use of から　which means "from", for i-adjective
世界に vs 世界的に, when to use?
What does よく mean in よく長時間働かせる?
Can なし be used in response to a binary question?
What does なんて mean in these sentences?
Confusion when counting students per grade in 風の又三郎
Indirect questions nested inside phrases
Usage of 「と」 in these 2 sentences, conditional or quotation? And how to differentiate
Why is くれる used here and not あげる
How does ～ないことには and ～なければ differ?
Parsing and meaning of 口を開かずにはいられなかった
What is the difference between 混ぜる and かき混ぜる?
Is it いる or ある with 物の怪? (Are ghosts animate or inanimate?)
「ついでの」in this context
What is the correct way to say "Please select the best one from the available options"?
Can you add です after a plain form of a verb?
How to denote the object and the subject of potential form verbs clearly?
Meaning of 何とやら in this sentence
Meaning of 「全て込めて解き放て」 in this song ("Brand New World" by Shiena Nishizawa)
Must I use past tense before 後?
What does というのは、[...]のことを mean in this sentence?
The wind sound "どう" in 風の又三郎
What is the difference between 〜ている and 〜中?
When to refer or address someone with their name
How is the と　particle being used here?
Is it rude to always attach furigana to every Kanji used in letters directed to superiors?
What does みてえじゃ in this sentence mean?
Meaning of 無難に行く
"nan" in "kore wa nan desu ka"
Is 「闇を抜けて」 grammatical?
How do you translate: 一番頭がいい
汁, ジュース and スープ
What does 判断裁量 mean here?
Do transitive verbs require a subject when translated? How to deal with inferred subjects?
Can you form verbs from 擬態語 or 擬音語 by adding -る?
What does ルツクハ mean?
Help to confirm word I heard on television show "Sekkai!"
How to say "You are lying!"
How to differentiate potential form and passive voice for ru-verb?
What is 背が高い and how is it different from 高い
What meaning does the にあって have in this phrase?
Does トイレ refer to the British "toilet" or the American "toilet"?
Confused by use of自分 here
How does the にして work here?
Difference in ambiguity between written and spoken Japanese?
A question about the usage of なるべく
Doubt about syntax
What does 君って mean here?
Understanding もういいかげん、このままならずに済む
Difference between 委嘱状・任命状・任命証
X wa Y ga suki desu
Origin of ません (-masen)?
Is the English word "ikebana" a suitable translation for "華道"?
how could I interpret 後に in this sentence?
Meaning of コミックス派
How to ask "Is your name common in Japan?"
How can I ask for "two of each" (cream and sugar) at a cafe?
Meaning of adj-なるときゃなる
他三篇 in a book title
Usage of 立ち話もなんです in this sentence
Connecting Sino-Japanese verbs
Double negative not making sense
Difference between koi and ai, aisuru
Meaning of もっとも in the following sentences
Usage of である in this sentence
Can 牛 be an insult?
Dropping particles in casual speech/songs
恥をかく versus 恥をかかされる
Non conventional usage of the past tense
Difference between 取り替える and 入れ替える
What does ああまでされて mean in this sentence?
Is there a poetic or metaphorical meaning to ゆびさき が かたくなる?
"negative te form" vs "te form of the negative"
How to use だんだん properly?
why they used -ていれば instead of -ば?
Is お父さん appropriate for formal writing?
How do you write "Miranda" in Japanese?
what is "reading materials" in Japanese?
What do 限定 and ポイント mean in this sentence about marketing?
Why does い become く?
Fixing my grammar on a line in my essay
What does 五月雨式 means in this sentence?
Can we use "Chikai" for time?
What does 何でしょうか mean?
About the kanji 鱈 where 魚's bottom is written as 大
Doubts about some sentences - は usage in combination with other particles
Different meanings of の？
In the interrogative お元気ですか, how does the meaning change if the か is removed?
Difference between ~てから and ~たあとで
Is saying Subjectは熱が痛いです correct? I thought we use あります
Is 何と read as なにと or なんと in 何と言いましたか?
Can adverbs be connected with noun by の particle?
(one piece) バウンドマン means Bounce man or Bound man?
Regarding 何と言うか、というのがある
Trouble with the sentence 「お手並み拝見てところかな」
Is there an english expression equivalent to 「先祖も酷ければ子孫も子孫」?
How many syllables does くの字点 affect?
breaking down [そのほかどういう時に何と言ったらよいかが決まっていて]
What does してばかりいる mean?
What does ツノ in katakana mean?
How to respond when someone praises about my Japanese?
What's the difference between まで and までに?
Has my textbook got a mistake in it regarding the use of 習う？
Difference between 区別 and 分別
Are there any ways to know whether Verbてくる is about time or space?
入り and 付き in these sentences
Why is imperative form used here?
Translating: だからというのもあったが
Understanding this English to Japanese translation
What does 'noun+の+ほかに' mean?
What's the difference between て form for verbs: 'go' and 'says'
Why is "Try Again" translated to やり直す?
売買の買とbuyの関係はあります？
Etymology of 金槌
の+じゃなかった? Vs の+ じゃない? Tenses used
Position of the subject in this sentence
の function in 以上の
に as the subject marker?
Translation of 所属事務所
Usage of ゃ で, when buying countable nouns
Why いた is used instead of いる here?
Indicate more than one?
Why is で used in 「大英雄が無職で何が悪い」
Have you eaten enough?
会計 kaikei, 勘定 kanjou, チェック chekku and レシート reshiito
Please help me understand this たる?
What's the difference between 日本人の学生 and 日本の学生 ?
sentence-final -て
Help With A Handwritten Sentence
Is へ really necessary in this phrase?
Sentence ending じょ
I have trouble understanding this: 棚からなんとやらだ
Saying "That's exactly what I meant"
Why is this funny?
になろうと言った and になると言った
Difference between particles に and　は in　あげます/もらいます sentences?
Why is もの in this sentence?
Translation of できた and それで in this sentences
Differences between のに, 関わらず, にも関わらず, and のにも関わらず
Do loanwords have a more formal/technical/"soulless" feel compared to their native counterparts?
How to say "Ok, then I take X" after your first choice is not available
Japanese word for tangy
a strategy to learn Japanese
そういうふうに meaning
Understanding なにかご承知ですか
How to address a family?
こと as an Imperative
~ど at the end of a sentence?
"A様がおられますでしょうか？" : Isn't おる 謙譲語?
The verb form used before 際
Can も particle be used after adjective/verb + の?
Meaning of 無駄に that doesn't fit dictionary meaning
Meaning of まるで in this sentence
function of the particle も in 「~も辞さない」
What is ある role here?
Is the verb 「できる」also transitive verb?
けど/が at the end of sentence but doesn't indicate contradiction?
I got corrected 上手し for 上手なので, but why?
How to say "I want to rub my face on your cat's fluffy fur" in Japanese
What does ところ mean in this sentence?
How to read these algebraic formulas?
how to understand the それ+X differences
what does きにするようにして mean?
Is 坊っちゃん a normal word for someone else's son?
My cat is snoring!
I'm unable to identify the last character in this picture
What's the most common way of describing weed?
て used as "because"?
how to interpret 内緒で買ってこなくちゃ
Is it appropriate to say "Konbanwa" when ending a conversation?
Capital Letters translating from english to japanese, help?
Meaning of それどうする気
Please help me understand this sentence: あなたに、私の両親に会ってもらいたいんですが。
Greeting when meeting somebody a second time in the day?
How ~てある and ~ておいた differs?
Meaning of も and は in this sentence
What's the difference between shokumotsu (食物) and tabemono (食べ物),
How to say "mix speech styles"?
Meaning of 逃げ出した 先に in this sentence
Saying "Hello" to family members?
Meaning of the sentence : 「成すべきことを成す」
持っていること vs 持っていたこと
Who's going what in 「溺愛する一人息子」
Twitter post.Particles し、との、なれました
ロボットは人間に怪我をさせてはいけない＝robot must not make human do harm?
How do I express "I slept in a tent" in Japanese?
What does 今からしようとしてたところよ mean?
Did "soshite" develop from an overused "te"-form?
How to understand 節がある?
How is 中 read in 「昨日寝る中で電話がありました。」？
Difference between とかの + noun and とか + noun
Nominalization of Conditionals to Use With 気がつく (realize)
Do I need to use passive form here? "The mirror is broken due to his/her ugly face"
What is the difference between a daimon and a mon or kamon?
Word choice for 'please' when begging?
「～もの、それは…」 Atypical sentence structure?
How can I read this kanji (Image attached)
What's the difference between 自転車 and チャリ?
Cooking in Japanese with verbs
Occurrence of っ in verb stems
The usage of な to make an entire clause modify a noun, and "Alice is a desirable person" versus "Person that likes Alice"
About the Meaning of 〜ことに〜
What is the origin/etymology of the phrase "ばかな" meaning "impossible!"
Baggu vs Kaban - Is there any difference
と's role in 「それは触ると柔らかい」
What is the difference between jibiki and jisho?
Difference between にすれば　にしたら　にしてみれば "from the viewpoint of..."
Masu stem to connect sentences
help me understand a few elements in this sentence
Different interpretations of 見ることのできない
知らない used in "I don't care"
Please help me read this board
What's the meaning of "冒頭の言葉"?
How are the suffixes ーまる and ーめる used?
Literal meaning of 打ってあります in this sentence
How to read percentage?
What's the difference between 壁 and 塀?
How are ambiguous "brother" and "sister" typically translated into Japanese?
What does 肩の凝る mean?
What is the Equivalent of Adding -er to a verb to make it "One who does x"?
Why is answer A (遊べるために) wrong in this question?
Is usage of を片手に necessary in this paragraph?
How does "xxxのオニ" equate to "xxx is bullying/picking on me"?
Is there any difference when pronouncing 橋 and 箸?
A scene from the Disney story "Aladdin"
What is the Japanese word for some kind of a technical diary for a machine (＝機械)"?
How to call the stuffs you usually do (in bathroom) after get up at the morning?
Where Does ギブソンタック Come from?
Why is もっと pronounced "motto" but written "motsuto"?
What does 在日 stand for?
Strange form of ki ni naru
Translation of the word "describe/ description"
Translation of the word "informational" and "orientational"
Clarify the difference between 間違い and 違い
Meaning of てなわけで at the start of a sentence
What's the difference between より and よりも?
Meaning of "Denshosha" - Memory Keeper
What are the small kana words put above kanji called?
Why is だ used with question words such as 何だ?
Conditional sentence translation
"But it is true that..." in japanese
Is it ok if I leave kanji I don't know out?
Can we predict if a kanji has a reading that ends in long う
Is there a term for "blue balls" in Japanese?
How is v-ta no used?
What does tsui mean in this context?
Can't find this character in the dictionary
Lexical Gap translation help!
The verb かける in this sentence
Translation of 何かにつけて
The path to 楽しみ
What does this mean? - help with 続き and なら
What does 鏡越し mean in this sentence?
Can 〜んとする mean "to pretend, to act as if"?
Different ways of saying "X continues / keep doing X"
Can you write the japanese name Hideyoshi as 秀代志
Is the conditional form of a verb treated like a regular verb or a noun/na-adjective?
Topic particles
Words implied after saying "終わりだ。何も。" in footage of the Mar. 2011 tsunami?
What does 次行ってみよう mean?
JLPT N3 Practice Grammar 1...かた
Difference between 今週の週末でもいい? and 今週の週末はいい?
"お休みなさい" not appropriate between male neighbours?
What's the difference between 大州 and 大陸?
Difficult conjugation
How should I translate "If I have some" in this sentence?
Translation of sentence and why is a kereba used in this sentence?
Restructuring a long sentence when translating
How is し used as a verb in this sentence?
Meaning of 僕も兎だった
Describing a 'Sanctuary' as in a safe place and not a shrine or church?
How が becomes the object marker for desire(~たい)
What does the phrase 「はきゃあがって」 mean?
Translation of "It was only after/not until..."
"Song Cover" in Japanese
What is the meaning, usage, etc. of でもない?
Can I use だけ and しか with amounts?
What is the purpose of putting 「のは」 at the end of a sentence?
What's the topic of 「彼の本は赤いです。」?
the particle も in 「ここには１人もしっている人がいません」
What does ま？ mean?
Verb+koto+mo soshite Verb+koto+mo nai. Should both words with mo particles be affected by nai at the end?
How can I write "tchi"
Can I replace 存在 with ある in this sentence?
Can we replace 持っていく with 持ってくる in this case?
How do you say "When I was in high school I took (guitar) lessons"
JLPT N3 Practice Vocabulary 2 すこしでは ありませんが
JLPT N3 Practice Grammar 2 ついた
Is there a connection between the Chinese 鱼(fish, or yu) and ゆ(yu) looking like a fish?
Difference in usage of きる and ぬく attached to verb 連用形
One word responses that mean 'awesome' / 'excellent'
How to say "i just want to do X right now"
~ta ra / ~たら volitional
について as a topic marker
Verbs with までに can they work?
equivalent version of 'The daily grind'
Pronouncing ない as ねい / ねえ (also ~oi to ~ei)
Please help me with this sentence "細かいところは後で決めましょう"
Can someone help me with this sentence?
Writing a story in Japanese: how to handle dialogue
Both on'yomi and kun'yomi in a first name?
Alternative translation
What does ます形 + そうになった mean?
What would someone saying ... ンなこと mean?
The difference between　「楽しいです」、「楽しみにする」 and 「楽しみにしている」
Meaning of 言っとくれぃ
Meaning of 「そのまま入れるから」 in this context
Can 全部 be used like 「全部の月は忙しいですか？」
Meaning of 「人って」in the following sentence
Are there morphological rules to "build" transitive/interactive verb pairs?
Meaning of 調子よい
Meaning of 乗ったほうがいい
Help understanding 「そのタイトルのリストに次に載るのは俺だ」
can いなければ actually mean いなくて?
What are the general patterns of child-directed speech in Japanese?
How to say "Comes along with ____."?
How to say regrets [I should not have X]
How to say "ever" in this context
Understanding ものだ to make general statements
Whats the difference between ぢ and じ?
How to describe a way of something?
Why does は change the entire sentence?
Is there a term for whether kanji or kana is used?
Are there any other words for bucket relay バケツリレー?
Meaning of まん in ほっとかれちゃたまんない
Meaning of よく見りゃ
Asking if someone has seen something: difference between 見た and 見たことがある
Is これから a fixed phase? What does it mean?
んじゃない vs んじゃなかった in questions
Help me understand 言ってみただけだよ
The correct English translation for ～ことがある
Curious about the phrase "しまいと" in a book I'm reading
Keigo: if the question doesn't concern neither the speaker nor the listener which form should i write
sentences ending in "を"
日本語における relative clause (関係詞節?) とは？
Looking for a single phrase, word or even proverb for "always being condemned for whatever someone does"
Correct use of 国語
Difference between two sentences
How would "nihonium" be written in Japanese Kanji?
What's the difference between 検索 and 探索?
looking for a haiku maybe written by Sasaki Sadako
What's the difference between 何が and 何を in a question?
How do Japanese people mark checklists?
Please help me translate this sentence from english to japanese
Use of もの in this sentence
Help parsing 無事勝利
Studying Japanese is difficult, but fun
What does 'na' at the end of a word mean?
Meaning of 添い遂げる in this sentence
What is the difference between 点字 and 点字表記?
Term for a goodbye that takes a long time
The meaning of「無理のない予定で構いません。」
What difference between ほしい (hoshii) and したい (shitai)?
What's the difference between からには, 以上, and 上は?
Does Japanese have a term for toilets that use a rubbish bin for toilet paper?
Meaning of にかかっている in this sentence
What is the meaning of への？
Differentiate 'niwa" and "ni" when indicating a position
What is the meanig of かるーく?
Heuristics for identifying Japanese-origin words (和語)
What is the equivalent of ningen for deitys and demons?
What is the purpose of に in 特別に上映?
Is there a difference when using ～ものか/～もんか?
What's the difference between 創造的{そうぞうてき} and 創造性{そうぞうせい}?
What is a good strategy to make sure my Hiragana proportions are correct?
What's the difference between dato, nanode and kara?
「こんなに」と「こんな風に」difference?
What's the difference between 選び (erabi) and せんたくし (sentakushi)?
What's the difference between すべき (subeki) and べき (beki)?
Why are English loanwords so much more popular than Chinese ones?
ている vs てある in resultant states relating the trans/intransitive verb and が/を
What does 奸閥 mean?
Meaning of おられる姿
Non-literal bringing of something to somewhere
Greeting for a newborn baby?
what's the difference between 体 and 肉体?
Shitai desu and shimasu
Is 微妙で繊細な a redundant phrase?
Is there a particular name for repeating-word adverb?
How to understand (and translate) this magic spell?
Function of the sentence final particle こと in this sentence
What to use, 合繊で or 合繊から？
Understanding わりかし
Help understanding how particles and structure (∅, より, ようと, を) affect this translation
Japanese for Vegan & Vegetarians
"Te-form" versus "masu-stem + して" (消しているうちに versus 消ししているうちに)
counters for weight?
What does 追い付け飛び付け mean?
「今はいない」as a response to 「彼女いるの？」
What kind of grammar is it in 調査に調査を重ねて?
How to differentiate the receiver of favor(giving) and the receiver of verb?
Is [mathematical] 'analysis' in Japanese the same word as 'fine cuisine' in Japanese?
Why do we believe that 神 is likely to be a loan from Ainu?
How to say "In order not to make her angry but make her delighted"?
What is the meaning of this sentence?
How would you say "please give me 10 of this"?
Understanding ただより高いものはない
Should 入れる be used to express 'cutting with scissors' as a general action?
What does こゆびくらい mean?
は in front of verb without it being nominalized
Two implicitly specified distinct subjects in a single sentence
What is the basic underlying idea of ～がある?
なってしまいました conjugation
Meaning of 時間がありますか。
「その夕食から1日おいて」One day or two?
Uses of さあ、まあ and なんか
What's the etymology of 風呂?
Which word should I use for "lesbian"?
what does クソリプ means?
Meaning of the verb 受ける in the phrase 試験を受ける
"jikuu o koete haruka tabi suru bokura" why this phrase is written this way?
For laying out Japanese text in a piece of graphic design do you need to stick to some rules?
Japanese idiom equivalent to “Fat Fingered"
add a verb to a noun without interpose nothing in between
Meaning of パァ in this sentence
Meaning of だかどうだか
What term do you use to find Japanese e-cards
"まゆんだ"の意味はなんですか？
Help with understanding or properly translating small paragraph
くゆえて or くめえて word-request
Tense in noun modifying clauses?
What does the pattern [xはxで] mean?
How are "サ変名詞" and "サ変接続" different?
What is the meaning of と in this sentence?
Difference between 助ける【たすける】 and 救う【すくう】
Is there any definitional or etymological nuance between the English「Princess」and the Japanese「姫」？
How Could One Read 4649?
What does the thing B said mean?
Confusing use of とたん in 「来たとたん何か用かよ」
Can homophonic kanji (in this case 怨 and 恨) be used purely to avoid repetition?
Why does は refer to a particular rather than general in some cases?
what does sho ga nai mean?
the に行きます construction and particles
problem to find this kanji
Meaning of がな at the end of this sentence
How would I express the sentiment "Remind me again tomorrow"?
恥知らず【はじしらず】 versus 厚顔無恥【こうがんむち】
What is the grammatical form for the ungrammatical 昨日雨が降ったそうだ?
Translation of bubble needed
Another は and に question for 「わたしゃキモチ悪くて見れないんだよ」
the meaning of たまに and んだ
Difference between 前に and うちに
What does 契約期間:2年 mean?
Confused on why 日の出 and 日の入り mean what they do
Saying goodbye to a store clerk
Understanding what 逆に means in context with an emotion
How to refer to kana verbally
Rules for 「みたいな感じ」（なっていってるみたいな感じ？）
Closed:　[休]{きゅう}〜 vs. [閉]{へい}〜
What does とか mean in this sentence?
Difference between 気軽 and 気楽
When angry we shout "F***!", but what do 日本人 shout?
Help understanding N＋でいる+ N
what's the different of usages of [そう, ああ, うん, いいよ]?
What is the diffrence between hiragana and katakana?
Using polite form for neutral subjects
Position of な in this sentence
What is the difference between てある and the passive (ら)れる?
Help with text to Host mom!
Buzzwords 2016: びっくりぽん
What does 緊張感{きんちょうかん} in this sentence mean?
What's the meaning of 凛として時雨?
Help with constructing "yesterday I took a nap for a half hour" in Japanese
動詞＋てか a subtle grammatical nuance or an error?
What does 振り回して mean in this context?
「カンカン」という俗語あるいは方言
「でしなに」とは、どういうこと？
で role in 他言無用でお願いします
Adjective + Tokoro Ga
「沢庵石」とは、いったいなんですか？
Sarcastic dialogue
Meaning of verb + の+ ではないかという
Does 彼女は私と一緒にいればよかった mean wish she WAS with me or wish she HAD been with me?
「ひゃっくり」ってどこの方言？
whats the different usages of interjections ちがう, いえ, いや?
Why is it 神様のいない日曜日 and not 神様いないの日曜日?
いる or ある for the possession of a living thing
Provisional + いい + ん + だろ
how does "Hitori hitori ga chiisana yume wo Daite kyou mo samayoi aruku " translates into this?
Is it just me, or is "ryokai" pronounced "yokai" regularly?
Is すごく怖 bad, or good?
Can もとい be used as a noun describing the correction or the fact of correction?
Is 〜てある commonly used with verbs other than 書く?
Understanding とは in this sentence
Can 気づく be used with quotation と?
Missing noun in sentence using ほど
きている in this sentence?
Are there rules for omitting にin phrases?
Combination of verb + ことも
Which is correct, 静かだったばかり or 静かばかりだった to mean "It was just quiet, that's all"
Meaning of ただ in conjunction with 今
whats the nuances of interjections え？ は？ そうか ? and 何だ？
Difference between 母 and 妣
Difference between し and たり
Meaning of verb phrase-ことだって、ある
what's the difference in usage of the nasai, te and plain imperative forms?
Is there a difference between saying この時計は 高いです。 and 高い時計です。
What is the meaning of 提出図書?
噌 variants in different fonts
Is there any phrase similar to "may he rest in peace"?
Difference between になる / である / の
What's the difference between 仕事 and 働く?
Understanding a broken sentence with stuttering
Which is more normal, "OK" or "オーケー"?
(Verb + こと) = "The thing I did" vs "Doing"
Does であるため mean "due to" or "for" in this sentence?
How 「何と言えばいいのかわからない」 works
「リエゾン」に、さらなる意味が？
Is this translation correct?
What is the meaning of 範囲等の申請範囲 in this sentence?
How to count with rare counters
必ずしも within this sentence
What is the difference between 行くなら and 行けば
Does もっと act on nouns or predicates or both?
Difference between 守らせてあげる and 守ってあげる
What's the difference between によって、次第、and 応じて?
For phrase, "For book owners."
Using たら, how do I say "would have" instead of "would"
Is there an English equivalent to 「ふん」とする
Use of いける in this sentence
How to know the difference between two words with same pronounciation
Particle「も」in the sentence 「夏休みももう終わりだ」。
What does ていた mean?
Grammatical explanation of 「X～Yのうち、いずれか一仕様とする」 expression
Meaning of イメージ in context of disclaimer
How to express the reason for scolding someone
Can one say なそうです instead of だそうです when expressing hearsay?
What is the meaning of 家 in this context?
Difference between うちに and うちから
Understanding この年にして in this sentence
What does やって mean in やって来ない？
What is the connotation of calling someone "Kozaru Shichinosuke"?
有り難う vs 有難う — Is this the same word?
Question about the sentence 私が手伝いましょう。
Is there a reason why [中]{ちゅう}[古]{こ} means used/second-hand items ?
Shin Kanzen Master has a Chinese element?
Does 不幸{ふこう} always carry a "stronger" idea than 悲{かな}しみ?
How to understand どうかしましたか?
Is there a difference between 海{うみ} and 海原{うなばら}?
Four verbs meaning "to pursue": 追う, 追いかける, 追っかける and 辿る
Two different usages of なんぞに?
What does「ゝ」mean?
それだけ　in this sentence?
What is おりません? Possible typo?
Meaning of つぶやく
What does the word [執こく]{しつこく} mean?
Does 星月夜 mean Starry Night?
Adding さん to places
言おう used here, I dont understand the grammar
What does 「／＼」 mean in this sentence?
の (no) vs. こと (koto)
Confusing use of けど
Omitting を in writing
What are the differences between ～ばいい, ～たらいい, and ～たほうがいい?
からなら vs からでないと JLPT N2
What does adding と after an adverb do?
What's the difference between 度 and 回?
How to spell the name Yana?
Does てれり mean "blush" in this gif file?
Equivalent of saying "I think, ..." for when you're not 100% sure of what you say?
What is the use of 他（ひと）in this sentence?
Is あたんなはれ in Kansai-ben "get yourself warm"? What verb does it come from?
Span of time - Does the pronunciation stays the same as it rotates from 1-10?
いくら＋pronoun＋でも usage/meaning
How would one address oneself when speaking to royalty?
Is 〜た / だ (where 〜 a verb) a grammar pattern?
っては replaced with っちゃ？
What is the difference between によると and によりますと?
Why can 「先」 be used to discuss future events?
Past negative informal sentence before から
「見」＋「も」＋「する」 meaning?
Meaning of でも or ちょうだい in テレビでも見てちょうだい
When do I use ほう with より?
Saying かわいい to a guy
Why does this sentence mean what it means?
the meaning of ももたらず
Understanding tense in 見たまんまだ
Are there any difference between N and the nominalization of Nする?
What is the meaning of 贅沢 in this sentence?
また as moreover?
Remembering when to use [原]{げん} and when to use [源]{げん}?
what means 耳障りのいい?
What does おなり mean in this sentence?
Can you use ーられない to express that something is unbearable?
ってなる what does it mean?
What does 「社会に向けて作品を問う」 mean?
Why is a verb in the past (た形) contradicted with ～ていない?
Does every kanji come from a Chinese character? If so, where can I find the origins of a kanji?
meaning of ~そうじゃない
「原因{げんいん}」の熟語{じゅくご}の成り立ちは？
Ambiguous use of はなして?
星新一 "消えた大金" short story: what's the point?
Meanings of マジできる
Meaning and use of 身柄
Difference between しておる and してはおる
What are differences between よう, みたい, だろう, らしい, そう, and っぽい?
Does a small tsu double all consonants?
Difference between くらい and くらいに
What is the subject of sentence with ください?
Meaning of 取り消してくれ in this sentence
Meaning of と in 友蔵が出おくれまいと言いそえた
Understanding and translating 健気
Difference between あらそう and あらがう
Meaning of more Kishi Bashi lyrics: けや けや それや どうせね
ように at the end of a relative clause
Person I Like vs Person Who Likes Me
What is 'では‘ and how is it used?
Proper translation for 忘れやすく動きに時間がかかる
Using 貴様 {きさま}​ as a joke?
What is the purpose of "けど?" at the end of this sentence
Meaning of "そりゃあまぁ"
"半日のツアーはありますか。" question
Meaning of My担当氏
Can ぐらい be used to replace ごろ?
Transitive verbs where the direct object is a clause
What does the word 「ぽやっと」 mean?
Use of 方 in sentence (かた or ほう?) + translation
What is the recommended timing for あけおめ ことよろ?
Is に optional in this sentence?
How to get the right meaning of particles
What is the difference between てくる/ていく and 〜始める/〜続ける?
Describing facial expression
Multiple Choice Question on JLPT N5 Test
No word for "time" until 1871?
How can you tell if the causative means "let" or "make"?
How to say "after thinking about it"?
What are the purposes of としたら, とすれば, とすると?
JLPT N3 Grammar - Passive form AND passive + te iru
Nuance of request to replace ramen cups
~てはしない form grammar
Using of あたまおかしい in various situation and translation
What is な role here?
The usage of 土日, 週末 and 休日
How to say "Evaluation of practical experience (=internship) and it's contribution"
Passive Verb + みる
What does なら mean in メンバーを１人紹介するなら？
what form 死ねたのに is?
What is the difference between にしては and としては?
Confusing use of ようになる
What does また mean in this sentence?
I could not understand this sentence entirely
Nである程度 ― the degree to which one is N
What is the antonym for 失意?
How to say "unit tests are passing"
Some congratulations phrases for birthday?
Order of multiple nouns and adjectives modifying the same noun
What does のに mean at the end of this sentence?
How to say "Getting/experiencing through different situations"?
What is the correct usage for 確認致しました上?
What is 殺虫剤たいたら?
What does 入ってなかった mean?
Question about consequential clause after conditional clause using 「たら」
幾人も or 一杯? Kanji or hiragana?
Referring to someone's home in sonkeigo
SEOプラグインにおけるlocationは何を意味するのでしょうか？ What does "location" mean within a SEO plugin
Difficulties understanding one sentence
Why are some country names written in kanji and yet others are written in katakana?
What does しきみたい in おばけやしきみたい mean?
When まで is preceded with a time, does it include that time?
Interpreting the particles in this sentence
Why is a foreign person's middle initial written in romaji instead of katakana?
How to address someone in an email who referred to themselves as part of a department
What is the meaning of で in this sentence
"I don't want to go all the way to New York only for her to end up being with someone else"
Confused by the meaning of ~なかな at the end of a sentence
What does 御用人 mean?
Is my Hiragana understandable?
Looking for some examples of ambiguous sentences with compound particles
Is this sentence structured correctly? (Explaining time difference)
why it's needed a second に in the sentence 東京に行くには何で行きますか?
アパートは多少遠くても、安い方がいい。
What is the difference between 馴染む and 慣れる?
Usage of 「V+見込みです」
Why do onyomis have so many extra syllables?
is suki an adjective and a verb?
How to say "to take in" when in reference to people?
What is the meaning of もう and もじ?
Understanding the true meaning in this sentence
もしドラ translation, baseball terminology 野手の要
General expression for the age of something
What is 思う doing in this sentence?
Translation of 気を遣わせたことへの申し訳なさ
Parsing 彼には映画監督になるという夢があります
ichi-gatsu vs hitotsuki
おでこ vs ひたい - is there any difference?
What does たまる mean when it is connected to て?
Meaning of "verb phrase-ところが、person-にはある"
What is the difference between 会社 and 社 when referring to a company?
Japanese idiom for don't let it get to your head?
"As in" in japanese
How to parse にためになる
What is the difference between these two expressions?
ありませんと - possible interpretations
Grammar explanation of ほおっておいて
Politeness vs. Formality
かかれ as used in the expression「ナメてかかれ」
Trying to ID a printed character that looks like a script M
mittsu vs san - what's the difference and what are these two forms called?
The usage of noun+すること
What is the meaning of ついクセ in this sentence?
Can 私の手伝いをするの mean "the help I do"?
What is the difference between 引き渡し and 受け渡し?
ビル (biru) or 建物 (tatemono) as a translation for 'building' in Japanese?
o-genki desu de or odaijini?
Is there a difference between botchan and musuko-san?
Is there any difference between 使ってみましょう and 使いましょう？
Why do I hear a lot of "L" sounds in Japanese music?
Why are most Japanese newspapers, magazines and books read from back to front from a Western perspective?
ことにする versus ようにする
When can に be used instead of で and vice-versa?
What is the difference between 立つ and 起つ?
What is the origin of がち in 病気がち?
Etymology of 方忌み
What is the meaning of ワケ in this sentence?
Facebook Quote Translation Informal Language
What does の mean in this sentence?
What is the difference between 遅れ気味 and 遅れがち?
Can a contrast be implied without using けど for example?
操{みさお} : too many translations to be true
日々 vs 毎日 - usage
Reading numbers in Japanese numeral-by-numeral instead of as a number
Is あえて言わなかった ambiguous? "not dare to say" or "dare not to say"?
テキ in 形声: 適・滴・嫡・摘・敵・鏑
How to pronounce ぎ?
What's the word order of the nouns in this sentence?
In conversation can you just say "万円です" or must you say "一万円です"?
仮名 - Japanese syllabary or a character of such, but what is behind this 熟語 spelling?
Can I eat here?/ Is it ok to eat here? in Japanese
Is this a wrong translation of the negative?
Are 頂きます and ご馳走さま used when eating in public?
Meaning of てさ after て form
How do I apologise for my bad kanji/for using hiragana?
Why does 「でも」make question words mean 'any'?
What does 「学校が学校」, 「年が年」and such mean exactly?
Is かぐや姫 pronounced "Ka-gu-ya" or "Kag'-ya"?
How to say "you would [do that] if..."
What does this usage of 'ち' represent?
The particle に when used with 移動する
What is the meaning of the characters in the picture?
Meaning ans translation of 「取り組み」
Usage of 「～に繋げる」
Why is こと used at the end of this sentence?
夏目漱石：「心」　"勧まない"
Why is the passive form used in this sentence?
How to refer to something from a certain country?
What does 「もっともな気がする」 mean?
I'm having trouble understanding the sentance どうだい、きに いったかい
Is 云 related to  in any way?
What does どうも do when added to ありがとう or ありがとうございます?
How can I parse わけでもない?
Can we say 「ほとんどの日本人と韓国人も中国系である。」?
Why is there a noun at the end of this sentence?
What is the difference between うちに and 間に?
What's the difference between kyōshi and sensei?
Can I write katakana words in alternative ways?
How many different ways are there of saying words?
Nuance and conversational use of なきにしもあらず
Is there omission after the とparticle in the text?
「お誕生日には何をされたんですか」Why される?
Difference between 長い間 and 長期間
Difference between 普段 and 通常
What is じゃけぇ supposed to mean?
How to say "to nothing" with a positive verb in Japanese?
Unfindable word 爆絶級 in Japanese Mario Maker level name
How is ください　used?
Discussion about kanji being words
一人だけ来ました　potential interpretations
When you ask someone to do a favour, what is the difference between くれますか and もらいますか?
Why is there no marker used after 寒さの中?
Is なびっくる a variant of びっくり
How do we say ''Please give me your advice'' in Japanese?
Negative questions : Normal Vs Explanation seeking
ある vs. いる in regards to 親 and 責任
How do I ask a person to use something?
"What am I doing here?"/ Excuse yourself
A kanji with 108 strokes
How can the well-known Tintin become タンタン in Japanese?
Could someone help with the gramatical construction of this phrase?
Specific use of になる together with て-form
Can ようにする be used without する in colloquial speech?
Adjectives ending in 「〜やか」
how and when to use ～たく思います
How to choose the aspect of 困る?
Particle question with 「以内」：「に」 or 「で」
dōmo vs arigatō gozaimasu vs dōmo arigatō
What's the difference between "shitsurei shimasu", "shitsurei", "sore de wa", and "sayōnara"?
Is it しゅしょうor そうりだいじん when referring to the Prime Minister of Japan?
Cases where "に" cannot mean "at"
Meaning of 端っこ & 近ポジ & what's that character? (picture inside)
The ending with "da"
Does it sound unnatural to say "タダイマ" after someone says "オカエリ" to you?
What is the meaning/usage of 瞶?
How to say something is 'easy to learn'?
What is the Japanese meaning of the name "Kakka"?
What is the character etymology of 着 ?
How is 何者にもなれない translated?
Difference between してこのかた and して以来
What is the proper response to いらっしゃいませ？
Implicit meaning of お前にも and 自分にも
Is this sentence 私の家族の一人は痩せて、かわいい the correct translation of
夏目漱石　「心」　Confused by use of いた in apparent relative clause
Could 十角形、九角形、七角形 be read as デカゴン、ノナゴン、ヘパタゴン？
What is the difference between 約款{やっかん} and 契約{けいやく}?
difference in position with 後
Help me to understand やらなきゃいけない and やらなきゃならない
Is 大判小判 a word on its own?
Looking for the proverb "Parents work hard, our life is so comfortable that children become beggar"
取り立てて話題がない why are there two てs in this sentence?
What is the difference between these three sentences
いいことですね vs. いいですね
What is the small tray called when paying for something?
How to express "We the ...", "We who are ..."
Which option is best for saying "I remembered to put a pen in my bag"
What does お楽しみおしています mean?
What is the name for each day of the Obon Festival?
Historical prospective of ウ音便 transformation (e.g. 有難く => 有難う)
More complicated examples of allotting items with ずつ
why is 剃刀 read as kamisori?
Which of these sentences is correct?
What is the difference between 生成{せいせい} and 作成{さくせい}?
「Aの運営は，Bとの連携のもと，C業務を遂行する。」の解析
What is the "rice milling commission" on sake?
What is the difference between a verb's 名詞修飾型 and 辞書形
Translation of 要領が悪い
Can I use "Sumanai" like "Arigatou"?
Is there a better term than 保護シート for the sheets drunks and criminals are wrapped in?
What is the use of the passive conjugation in these sentences?
How egregious a mistake is it to use the wrong reading for a number when counting?
Why does くださる have an irregular infinitive form (ください)?
How to parse 「Nを相手に、」
tips how to pass N5
What does mean 濾るま湯?
Cannot understand this passage
What term can I use to address my neighbor, if I don't know their name?
What is the role of と in this case?
How would you say 'it is', or 'OK'?
(Mahjong) What does this sentence mean: 対局の間一度も飛ばされない
Appending 物 to certain adjectives
Is "うん" really used to mean "You're welcome" by children?
A how + adjective question
Why Do Japanese People Use the Kanji 塚 in their Names?
Meaning of 世帯主 in 住民票
Variations in the "same" kanji, how do you know which one to use?
数詞も suitable location
Difference between 居ます and 住む
How to say "trapped" in Japanese
Is レジ used as a contraction of registration?
What is the large silver "button" used to fasten rear Japanese license plate on vehicles called?
To deny something you've been told?
Is there a difference between using 「である」 and 「の」 before 「はず」?
What is the Japanese word that sounds like English word "Nonsense" and what is its meaning?
Senryū 川柳 is it Sino-Japanese or Yamato
VたにはVた　VS　VるにはVた
Why does this sentence have 帰って来なさい?
Usage of の following て-form in お申し込みにあたってのご注意
Are Japanese "tenses" aspects in disguise?
Is it correct to read 黒川 as くろかわ or is くろがわ correct?
What does がばっ mean?
Why is it said 「サークルで使う」 and not 「サークルに使う」
Usage of 焚き付ける in this sentence
What is the name of the service called to drive one's car home after drinking?
What is the name of "grass" used to garnish a bento (takeout meal)?
What are the names of the colored stickers placed on front and rear vehicle windows?
Ending letters with ~~よりご多幸を祈って
noun + verb + comparative degree + than I thought
The root of the word soboro which means streusel
When to use 受身形 (passive voice) And when to use 能動形 (active voice)?
What is the use of 〜ようとしている?
Which is the correct meaning for 保護猫? Protected cat or protecting cat?
Is aniki more "rude" than niisan?
What is the term for not making eye contact?
Understanding 行ってどうすんだ
Icebreakers to use with strangers
The sentence structure of 内容を必ず確認のうえ
Is it unusual in a noticeable way to slant your Japanese writing?
Is there any single word expression that means "same"
I can't identify this kanji from pokemon moon
Breaking down だと感じる
What does the highlighted portion of this handwritten Kanji say?
Full Sentence of 言わせておけば
Is there a lingustic term for okurigana omission?
What is what: ラベル vs シール
What term is used to describe the color of the Japanese race?
Are particles pronounced with nouns or verbs as one word all the time?
Meaning of 〜くらいには and a tricky sentence
「このＸのＹ」– What does この refer to?
Connotations of words referring to anger
Verb (nai form) + れ or passive voice without ます/る?
How do I say the term cold as in the sickness, in Japanese?
The meanings of ものだ
Are バレー (volleyball) and　バレエ (ballet) pronounced differently?
What is the difference between 処置 and 措置?
What is the difference between 氏 and さん？
Understanding nounと考える
I cannot recognize this kanji
What does 使わずに mean?
Term for "maybe" when answering a question in conversation
What do all these の's do in this sentence?
What Japanese word is used as a classification for all profanities?
Confusion regarding "go" and "ko" in hiragana
〜んだった to express regret?
Pronouncing ichigo
Text explanation
Difference between 彼はかなり英語が上手です and 彼の英語はかなり上手です
When can AはBです mean 'A has B'
What is the difference between 発行する and 作成する when talking about documents?
How to express in Japanese "to mark" something?
Difference between 判断・判定・決定する?
What is 中 after a verb?
Japanese terms for an attribute and adverbial (part of a sentence)
Japanese term for backwards
Which is correct for the bushido code, 誠 or 真?
What does 美味しい mean when referring to a person?
Tally Marks in Japanese?
Using verb + "n desu", "n da" in questions and in statements and with no confirmation
Difference between 読んだ本 and 読まれた本?
Meaning of に in アルバイトの人などに売る数
What does 「コロリ、コロリと」 mean?
What does と after volitional form mean?
Interesting usage of the phrase「心までは砕ける」
What does ってさ mean?
"No ga" .... -- what's this grammar rule?
Target of を in 何をするのが好きですか？
Why does the person who wants to cancel an appointment say キャンセルさせてください to his/her partner?
Why is there a ど in 体こそ違えど記憶...?
Ordering food at a restaurant with 私は何々がいい
Can 奪う be a synonym of 殺す?
What does この度は mean?
The use of "ている"
Can 中型 be used to describe a room or building?
General guidelines for choosing 訓読み vs. 音読み in kanji reading
What is おばあちゃん子?
How can I tell something's size in Japanese?
Understanding 場合、断っています
Can someone explain me the use of は and が in this sentence?
How do Japanese people infer if a verb is a ichidan verb or a godan ending in ru?
Understanding grammar in 五省
Is ~楽しんでいただけましたら、幸いです past tense or not?
how to complement the させる＋くれる
Function of であって
Why is -ng transcribed as ング?
Why can だって have so many meanings?
Why deshou in casual speech?
What does どうも mean in this sentence?
Why can't だ be used after an I-adjective?
Do I use おいくつ also for other people?
When to use which one ? かもしれない、たぶん、もしかしたら
The meaning of the particles in "Yume no naka futari de ita yo ne"
Usage of 申し上げない and 申し訳ない in contrast with すみません or ごめんなさい
Meaning of 自分で呼んどいて
Is こんこん onomatopoeia for foxes?
The meaning of いずれ in this context
How useful is furigana for most adults and teenagers?
Meaning of って in this sentence
〜みたい / 〜らしい grammar difference
In a text, how to tell the difference between a date (of the year) and days/months?
だけど (used at the end of a sentence)
Why 喜んで in 喜んであなたのお手伝いをします。is in some sort of imperative voice and not in passive voice?
Difference between 類推する and 推測する
分かっています and 知っています - Do they all mean "I know"?
Difference between の and から for denoting a reason/explanation
Differences of 規範 vs 基準 vs 標準
Meaning and usage of やっぱり (矢っ張り)
When do i have to use yaru instead of suru
Meaning of さすれば as a verb
Usage of loan words in contrast with native Japanese word
止める vs 止める(とめる and やめる) + 息
How to properly express my happiness - しあわせになりました。
What is the Japanese equivalent for words like 'go' in 'go team!'?
Meaning of いい具合に in this sentence
How do I really say "I study in the United States"?
Is it correct to use verb stem + desu?
How to say ,"Stand up for yourself" and "take advantage of"
how to make clear that your japanese is bad?
Asking a group of people about something
What is 量 referring to in this sentence?
The difference between 愚かな and 愚かしい
Meaning of 認める and how to use it
Different ways to say to like?
can the same compound have different readings when having the same meaning?
Is it permitted to use kanji beyond the jinmeiyō kanji for names?
Are these sake and strawberry flavored Kit Kats?
What does ホーム mean and why is it written in Katakana?
Word order and emphasis with たくさん
how do you say "Refugees are humans too" in Japanese
Difference between かくえき(各駅) and ふつう(普通)
は、が、を、に and information structure of Japanese Question
How should I interpret the function of these words in this phrase 今日は雨だ。?
why are there so many different words with the same pronunciation in japanese?
How to say "To clarify, ...?" in Japanese?
What is "new information" for が?
How is suicide bombing justified by a divine breeze?
History and etymology of Japanese onomatopoeia
Can the particle か have an exhortative value?
How to introduce myself in relation to my wife?
Is is correct to say ~亡くなりなりました?
How to introduce oneself in relation to ones husband?
What is the relationship between "Fuchs du hast die Gans gestohlen" and 「こぎつねこんこん」?
エリンを中盤に来て削ってどうするの。
Why did Mount Fuji (富士山) become "Fujiyama" in English?
American use of Japanese naming conventions
Pronunciation of silent consonants in English names
Difference between 注意する and 気をつける
Meaning of ように in this sentence
Meaning of を in 東京都庁をスタートする
How does モンねぇ effect the sentence?
What does アタマ mean in reference to food/portion sizes?
What is the grammatical form of 待たされていました?
How to say to my boss "Please don't hurry and take your time."?
Meaning of 最も多い in this sentence
When asking what a certain building within sight is, would "あれ" or "あの" be used?
why this sentence has this grammatical structure? 話し手も相手も共通に知っている場合
Can 方 be taken out of some sentences without changing the meaning?
Interpreting って - te-form or quotation?
What does 血路 mean in this passage? Is it actually Blood Road?
Meaning of なってねェよ?
What is the meaning of だ when used in a sentence involving a past tense verb like 来たばかりだ?
Meaning of 軽んじる and 舐める
Causative せる/させる vs. す/さす
Help with understanding sentence in Manga (pic inside)
Is アリ in そんなのアリかよ⁉︎ some type of slang?
What いく supposed to mean here?
Can particle に be always interpreted as adverbial modifier marker?
Which is more formal/polite: 大いに or ずいぶん?
meaning of にもin その話は前にも聞いたよ。
Meaning of ここで引くなどご法度
How do you say "Are you sure?"
How to say "There is (A) in (B)(Location)."
How can one review hiragana or kanji in both a computer font and a brushed style?
Can 体 be synonymous with a word like 性格 in some cases?
"Uncomfortable" in the physical sense
Saying "some seconds"
ている pronunciation/internalization
Shiai (試合?) vs kyousou (競争?) in martial arts
How should I begin learning the letters and what they sound like?
What's the canonical transliteration of "Give me chocolate" into katakana?
は vs が in 私は言うように書いてください。
ば conditional - combinations of action/state verb and same/different subject
Knight in Shining Armor - Idioms
Meaning of the kanji 圀 in 光圀
Please help me with this sentence: 手術台から...噛みました
Where does the な used in な-adjectives come from?
ご堪能 usage and meaning
っぱち suffix - meaning and addition of さ suffix
What form of imperative is this? 是非この機会お見逃しなく！
ような in the sentence and how to use?
Subjunctive. Why 2 is correct
Alternative facts in Japanese
Long O — when is it OU and when OO?
Pronunciation of ん before a fricative
終わらなさそうだ versus 終わりそうもない
営業 used in a conversation about love
What is the difference between V-あげる and V-たて
How do you use の as a de-facto が particle?
An expression that means "speaking of X" or "while we're on this topic..."
What's the meaning of 生き乍らへて / 生き乍らえて?
What's the difference between these two sentences?
Writing a named building/place
How to translate ‘the least + adjective’
Why does 逃げよ mean 'Escape!"?
What does "子役の闇" mean?
What does うえ mean in this case？
How do you say 'platform' in Japanese?
The uses of おはよう, こんばんわ and おやすみ
What is the correct usage of conditional and hypothetical?
Interpretation of a difficult sentence involving "二人の間に入ってしまった"
How to say 1-to-1 correspondence without causing any ambiguities?
How to interpret the comma in this sentece?
The difference between 文書 and 文書化
What does ては mean in this sentence?
Why do they use the 連用形 instead of the て form here?
Is "to" optional in this line?
Usage of ようとしない
Is 国家主義 considered as abhorrent as "nationalism" is?
"たものですか" "used to" is not convincing in my example
Difference in nuance between いつ and 何時
こばれた means what?
Difference between 付く and 付いている
What does ㊙︎DVD mean?
How to pronounce 体?
Oops! 仕舞った vs. おっと
Usage of conditional なら
Relationship between 屋, 室 and 至
Use of 都合の良い (tsugounoii) in text of Akutagawa Ryuunosuke "藪の中"
Can anybody here substantiate this anecdote in V. I. Arnold's book "Yesterday and long ago"?
Why is 来る spelled with kanji and する is not?
Is there a better way to say "young adult" than 若い大人？
What is the material: ざいしつ or ざいりょう?
How did Japanese obtain a unit of measure called a カップ that's 200 mL?
Using 文字 instead of 言葉
Please help with translation: 静かな方へ
Is 懐かしくさせる地獄 natural?
Is 彼女が懐かしい equal to 彼女を懐かしくした?
How to parse 移民が多く働いているレストラン
How to say "within" / "in the context of"/ "as a part of"?
Uses of 'すみません'
Is apple usually spelt as リンゴ in a culinary context?
曜日 and 曜 don't mean the same but xx曜日 and xx曜 are synonyms?
Takehiko to Takejiro different name or diminutive?
Is 蛛 from the word 蜘蛛? Is it a silent kanji?
What does this correction mean?
What does こつぐってなる mean?
What does it say on this drinking game?
Can a question directly modify a noun?
What is という after a verb?
Meaning of 「さいってー」 as an interjection
Progressive tense used as adjective
What does きた mean in this context?
Use of personal pronouns when talking to different "ranked" people. (In the same conversation)
What does すがすがしいな mean?
Strangely-Ordered Sentences vs. Attributive Phrases
What is the meaning of 岩圭?
How can I ask if they are bothered by me not being japanese?
What is the difference between 労働契約 and 雇用契約？
The meaning of ちっちゃなハート
(question word)-でも (何でも、誰でも、いつでも) can also be used in a negative sentence?
What does しといてくれて mean here?
Who is the subject in 思うがままの人生を送れたら、どんなに幸せだろう?
Why does　なんてね　mean "Just kidding"?
Is there a casual gender-neutral first-person pronoun?
What is the purpose of も here?
Does Okinawan have syllables Japanese doesn't?
How to parse インターネットの手続きはお客様のほうで取って頂く形になります?
dai 3 ka renshuu A 5 ( minna no nihongo 1 )
Help differentiating passive from potential form
Where would に be in this sentence?
Is it always necessary to ask how someone's name is pronounced if you encounter it first in writing?
Difference between では and には when the final verb is still ある?
Phrases indicating time in the future
What does 食べたいものを好きなだけ食べる mean?
Meaning of してほしいと考えています
Better way of expressing without using ”のための”？
What's the precise meaning and usage of the っこ construction?
In the phrase 「褒められたものではない」, why is 「褒められた」 in past tense (as opposed to present tense 「褒められる」)?
Can I say "...の予算を生かして...する"?
連濁 in proper nouns
Needing quick help with grammar! Is this the correct way to phrase it? Does this sentence make sense?
What does 'ワインを買っていくよ。' mean?
Do place names often use jinmeiyō kanji and furigana?
Is が marking an object in this sentence?
What does しておいたほうがいい mean?
Explaining the sentence 今になってもまだ実現していないさま
Why does しあわせです end with です, but かなしんでいます with ます?
How do we use に気をつける vs を気をつける？
How to parse 東京都と埼玉県、北海道などにある会場も
What does 'もう、家に帰っている。' mean?
Usage of こらえる　【堪える】
N(person)にもらいます
Why does 音を表したことば use the past tense?
この曲の意味を暗示する歌詞の特定性について
What is the difference between 取り除く and 削除?
How does 笑えない話をしていた translate to this?
Comparisons without using です
Is Mierareru the potential form of Mieru?
How do I decide which Hentaigana to use?
What does と do in the sentence provided below?
Meaning of "しっかり体験して"?
What is the difference between ni and ni wa, when talking about a person?
Why is に used here and are there any possible replacements for it here?
What does it say on my Japanese alarm clock?
Understanding the meaning of a sentence
What's the Japanese word for amanuensis?
Can we use 学生 to represent a person who learns martial arts?
How to introduce yourself as an Exchange Student?
~たらいい、~といい, hope, temporal syntax and over-literal readings
Difference between みたいに and みたいな in this sentence
There is not enough space
Usage of 卵 vs. 玉子 when talking about eggs
What is a typical font size for Japanese text?
Parsing problem -- can two clauses share a single predicate?
Unspecified Pronouns, use of だから in a sentence
Use of "kara" in written Japanese
Understanding the meaning of one sentence
食べていました and its use
Meaning of てなきゃ in this sentence?
Proper term for "study"
What is the difference between kattan and kaimashita?
Is there a word for “using a wrong kanji”?
What are differences between 帰ってなかった and 帰らなかった
How to say, want something from someone or to use someone (negative meaning)
Questions about comparatives
Correct a sentence which used 欲しがる
The use of ô versus ō in rōmaji
How to read 24-hour clock format
What exactly is a ‘cambay’?
What does "いんやぁ" mean?
Can 'なければなりません' be used for possibility?
The usage of 一覧
Help to understand a sentence: どのように and か
Why are 前 and 後 used backwards from how I would expect on this site?
Difference between 決算書, 財務諸表 and 決算書類
What is the difference between 「なく」 and 「なしに」?
Is 貝獣 an actual pun?
How to ask for X yen worth of something?
how do I use ～んです with a noun?
Turning ～たい into an adverb (～たく)
Onyomi words consisting of just one kanji (and nothing else)
What is the name of this song? Is it for voice tone practicing?
一部屋一部屋 Meaning and reading
間vsうちに and some examples
Inferring subject/person spoken to from 嵐のあとで lyrics
Why 予期せぬ is more common than 予期しない?
What's the meaning of やはり or やっぱり?
Meaning of ゴルフ場を国の土地にした
What's the difference between the kanji 聲 and 声?
Is it correct to say はい in this situation?
What kind of words can be used with とうとう、ついに、やっと、ようやく、いよいよ？
"もを" is too unnatural, so use a comma instead of "も" in this list?
What is the etymology of the expression 「そんな」?
Why are う and い used to prolong ~O and ~E, instead of お and え?
When can I use "の" instead of "が" with adjectives like "好き"?
Are possessive particles implied in a conversation?
Differences of 伴う and 同伴する
What does 三馬を偸んで mean?
What verb is 「つく」 in 「～に気がつく」?
Meaning of しゃいどったで?
What's the difference between 「ゆっくりと...」and 「ゆっくりとして...」?
Contracted verb: Negative, positive, which one is it and why?
What is a typical Japanese term for "fake", like in "Fake News"?
What is the name for the sliding doors made of a wood frame with paper?
What's the grammar structure for "かな"?
Are どう、どこ、どれ、どの、等、exclusively question words?
What is the grammar behind this sentence in old Japanese
かっこいくない vs かっこよくない
How to refer to a place by number
What is the term for a time limited meal at a restaurant?
Is 「用」the kanji for 「よう」in the listed phrases?
What is the meaning of 「いや、知っていて」 in this sentence?
What is the most common greeting phrase, used by service attendants, when a customer pulls into a gas station for fuel?
Why is は here used but not が？
Meaning of 使えるようになりました
Would this be an okay response in Japanese?
Speech impediment - slurred speech
What's the 日本語 equivalent of "Wipe them off the map"?
How polite is おっけーです when it is said by the shop staff to a customer?
What is the most common word for medicine? (the physical substances, not the field of study)
When a dog in pain whines or howls, is it 「泣いている」 or 「鳴いている」?
Is there a reason for the days of the week being written and pronounced without the 日?
Can any other characters besides は and わ be used interchangeably at the end of words?
Origins of the "next-next week" expression
Why did the speaker say "バラの花を貰った" instead of just "バラを貰った"?
possessive の with a verb
What are the musical sounds that are heard from garbage trucks called?
Using とる to say I took a picture of my dog in the park
Understanding どうしたら
Does 耶 still hold any value in Japanese?
Asking about a touchy subject: English ability
Is there any difference in usage between 参加 and 加盟?
What's the verb/verb-phrase used to described having sex(in a way that isn't dirty)?
What is the difference between 「登録している」 and 「登録した」?
how do I refer to bathrooms that are completely full / unavailable?
Different between 頂くand いただく？
What does やついておる mean?
Does なんかいいな and 焼いてるboth refer to jealousy?
Teageru, TeMorau, TeKureru
Would a Japanese person say "Yay, no school!" or "Yay, no classes!"?
Using 何を with intransitive verbs (eg 何をにやついているの?)
If I want to start doing something - translation
What is the last word being spoken in this audio clip/sentence?
Usage of なんでやねん
病気にかかる？病気にかかっている？など
Using さ as an interjection
しよう meaning of this word?
なら and から what's the relation?
Is using a state-of-being in passive form feasible?
What does 言わなきゃいいだけ mean?
How does one know when to use ～ふん or ～ぷん when telling time in Japanese?
Can an individual Kanji have more than one radical?
Are Kanji acronyms ever used?
What does はわはわ mean?
部品 vs. 用品 - difference in usage
しちゃいない meaning in this sentence.
What Unicode code points are needed to write Japanese Jōyō-Kanji?
知らせる・知らされる conjugation
What is the meaning of 業{ごう} in this line?
What are the common tennis terms in Japanese?
What are the colored borders of a tatami called?
What does 古えの地綺譚 mean, how do you read it, and what is its origin?
Can a two Kanji character word ever have the same meaning if written in reverse order?
What is "ホラね、あった" referring to?
What does プチプチ mean?
Are Japanese words ever intentionally misspelled for any reason?
Lack of particles in songs
What exactly is っていう defining here?
ところ has another meaning?
Japanese sentence that needs translation
Replying to a refusal of an invitation
Difference between words ゴミ and 廃棄物
Difference between words 目的 /目標 and 方針
What type of clause is 「蛙飛び込む」 in the famous haiku by Basho?
Is there a specific term used to describe the ash mark placed on a persons forehead on Ash Wednesday?
How to refer human and animal as "both of them"?
どこかでなろうたんですか。meaning?
きれいな鳥に連れてってもらいます
What is a term for "good to go"?
To describe how to write a kanji, is it more useful to say the radical first, or the base kanji?
Can someone help translate this gravestone?
Issue identifying the topic of a sentence
Why is 葉 'leaf' used in 言葉 and 万葉集? Why is it used for words, language, and speech?
しゃかいじんの悩みランキング　means?
Meaning of に in プラスチック**に**は体に悪い物質が付きやすいため
Is んですから/ので/... grammatically correct?
What does ぼうしのどんぐり mean on this page of Yotsuba&!! ?
What does ばだった stand for?
How do you "try" a suru verb? Like "to try to cook"
Why are verbs written in kanji and kana combinations instead of all kanji?
What is the difference between 未満 and 不足?
AM and PM in Japanese
What are common familially intimate names?
Where does the exclamation せ〜の come from?
Meaning of 無理して
Difference between 内容, 明細 and 詳細
what different between よほど、困ったのだろう " and "さぞ、困ったのだろう"
"Next in sequence is~~~~~"の訳
Who is doing the wanting in this sentence?
Do all kana have a large and small reading?
Can だ/だった be omitted before conjuctive が?
What are the election vans called?
Meaning of 素直に甘える in the following sentence
What is the meaning of the word 数独 (sudoku)?
Genki pg 305, [day of the week] NI vs [day of the week] WA
When へ is used as a response, to something someone has said, what does it mean?
When you have to use "to" when using "no aida" to express "in between"
Do the Japanese actually use the word "Hentai" to mean "Anime Porn", like in English?
What does he exactly say in this phrase?
tte vs to as quotation markers?
Difficulty with this sentence
Can someone please explain how to use 出会い/出会う correctly?
academic and calendar years
What is term for the most general form of writing or text
What does *kata* mean in the sentence provided below?
what is the difference between oshieta and oshiete kureta?
What does *mono / もの* mean in the sentence below?
What is the difference between 要求事項 and 要件?
Is there a reason it is -to omou instead of wo omou to say you think something?
Daisuki vs Aishiteru (大好き vs 愛してる)
What does the term Honcho mean?
Is 「(i-adjective) + そうだったと思う」 grammatical/natural?
Is the term さん also used on envelopes when sending a letter?
What do these ''must do'' sentences like ''ikanakutewaikemasen'' literally mean? What is gramatically going on?
Dictionary which distinguishes formal and informal words
alternative ways to say "who are you?"?
formality of ちゃう・じゃう
Difference between particles wa, ga and o with sukidesu
How to pronounce 5,60年?
How to say "serve" in "The server serves the request"?
Is this phrase missing something?
Why are "loanwords" written in katakana?
nowa , to in the phrase "kimi o shiawase ni dekiru nowa boku dake da to shinjite imashita"
Ｗhat is the difference between 終に、遂に、and 竟に？
癖のある~ and negative connotations
Verb conjugations such as 思わん、言えん
Etmyology of "ombo"
When sentences have several clauses with several subjects/topics, do they use more than one "ga" or "wa"?
Use of 何 in these sentences; please help with translating!
What were the units of measure used before the metric system was implemented?
About the correct answer to a reading test
Who is the subject in 「駅の前にいるから、迎えに行ってくれる？」?
What is the term for the large ball shaped lights that are used to illuminate roads during construction?
Translation of ハッピーニューイヤーンバカーン
Difference between words 事前に , 前もって and 早めに
Is this a kanji, a radical or something?
What's the meaning of "どアップしんどい"?
How do attendance checklists in Japan deal with multiple possible name readings?
Does this sentence 「彼女が美しくなりましたね。」 need 「に」?
what's the meaning of ぎじゅつしゃ?
Can のreplace ですか when asking a question?
What does the term ふうん mean?
What does ぶわははは mean?
Why are some prefecture names written in hiragana on license plates?
Why is the term オナニー written in katakana?
Is 吾 a joyo kanji?
Does this kanji for "village" have 2 different meanings?
What is this kind of book layout called?
How to understand みんなしてお出かけですか?
How can I say "Right now it is lunch time so it's very quiet"?
ただいま～ at the beginning
What does "僕はもう君以外何もいらない君だけが欲しいんだ。金はもうあるし” mean?
Can the term せんもん be used to describe a professional person?
Can 大変mean amazing and awful?
What is the term for off limits to foreigners?
What is the term for sleepers (the crusty discharge that forms in the eyes during sleep)?
Is "otaku" a male term?
Can verbs be both transitive and intransitive?
Is it okay to say 'ohayo gozaimasu' in first meeting with a Japanese stranger?
Can こんちゃbe used as a slang form of こんにちわ?
Some trucks are highly customized with flashy metal, horns, and lights, what are they called?
途中で or 時に? And what's the difference?
What is the practice of conforming to group standards in society called?
How to say 'I think so"?
How can I tell if a Japanese given name is male or female?
Is 相手……全然甘えない… idiomatic?
Why is ペラペラ written in katakana?
What is the name of the green cross safety flag used at construction sites?
Is 戈 a joyo kanji? What does it mean?
How do I say "boner"?
How do you say "OpSec" in Japanese?
What is the meaning of やかおもすぐ?
the meaning of "つくってゆしゅつしてます”?
Unrelated clauses joined by て or the extra meaning of こともある
Can you use multiple 'no's?
Do Roman numerals have on and kun readings?
Can the term ちわ be used as slang for こんにちわ？
どのｖｓどれ- can I use them interchangeably?
More complex sentences - When to use は? When to use が?
Does the term 女性語 identify words only used by women?
君は、持っているものに気づかれなかったのか、元から持っていないのか、どっちだ。Meanining passive
Is this a joyo kanji? What does it mean?
What is the hair bun on a sumo wrestler's head called?
What is "確かにコレじゃあな" supposed to mean here?
Translation help! Placement of 願い in this sentence is confusing
Is いつもの an adjective or the object in the following sentence?
Difference between "verb(past) + こと + ある" and "verb + ている"
What is an answer for ごめんなさい？
What is the term for road rage?
Combining words
Meaning of で in 敦賀から新大阪まで〈で〉２兆１０００億円かかる予定です
What are the envelopes used for giving money on special occasions called?
Why is りんご written in hiragana?
Why is ところ used instead of こと in these sentences?
What is the difference between 時々and たまに？
What is the difference between あれ and あの？
愛は傷つきやすく translated as "Love is Free"?
Can ふんいき and かんじ mean the same thing?
Can the term お姉さん be used to address female strangers politely?
Do sandals worn with a kimono have a special name?
What does 数値化 mean?
Difference between ましてや and なおさら
What does つっこむ べき mean?
Problems with the syntax of this sentence
Is 伊 a part of a word?
How to say "On mondays I get home at 5pm"
Adjective + とする
What's the meaning of "懐けばとことん懐きます"
What is the meaning of しも?
What is the term for a wishy washy person?
Does と mark reported speech here?
Abbreviation for jinmeiyō?
Meaning of かな in this context?
Can the honorific お be used with a person's name?
What is the term for "grounded" in the sense of a punishment?
Converting を from Hiragana to Romaji
Casual way to enter a home?
Is the term moai used in Japanese?
What is the prefecture, city and town emblem called when placed on the side of a public building?
How to connect words that describe a person?
Many people squat/sit with their buttocks almost to the ground, whats it called?
What is the difference between 役に立てば and 役に立てれば?
Expansion and politeness of 飲んじゃいなよ
What does 目立ち mean?
Why does this sentence ご飯を食べてから部屋を掃除してください。 has から?
Is the inkan(印鑑) the device that is used to make the hanko(判子)?
Why does 冬休みは家族でイタリアやイギリスへ行きました。 have で instead of と?
Translation difficulties and the meaning of 着くように
What does どれも mean in this particular context?
How are made up words for anime/manga formed (reading and kanji)?
What does this kanji mean? How do I read it?
Can ただ今be used if I visit a relatives home on a daily basis?
神 compared to 神様
How do these negations differ? (Plain negative vs. potential negative)
Grammar of verb + noun + から
'Prefer' and 'Recommend' in Japanese
What are the large free standing imitation circular "flower" arrangements in front of pachinko parlors called?
Can だけど and しかし be used in the same way, or is one considered more formal?
Ｗhat is the difference between くつろぐ and のんびり?
what does けど do in this sentence?
I can't identify this form (だって)
Similarity between 挟む and 狭む
Meaning of 世界圏内 in the following sentence
What is the meaning of 会社 in yakuza language?
How would you say "Family before wealth" in Japanese?
What are the meaning of the sufix ちゃん in an adult man?
What exactly does くずし字 refer to?
How can I understand the meaning of cut phrase, like this "きみとずっと、はじめを...", in advertisements or movie trailers
Is there any reason a lot of body parts use the Month/Moon radical?
ご近所様に配達 - Where exactly this will be delievered?
How can I parse this long atributive sentence:
Why does this unvoiced ほ sound become a voiced ぼ sound?
Is this referring to an Idiomatic way to say someone is smiling?
Help in this sentence
Does 横恋慕 mean illicit love?
What is the meaning of あっています
What is the correct grammar particle for 'for'?
How do I decipher each word in a sentence, if all is written in hiragana?
Adjective for beautiful hand-writing? (きれい, 美しい{うつくしい} ?)
When saying "while" doing something, how do: 間、うち and ながら differ?
Is 眩しい思いで referring to a feeling or a memory?
Problems with そうです in this sentence
Is this sentence wrong? Must an action verb like 買いました always use を？
What is the meaning of "おいらの中では" in this tweet?
Is it appropriate to use irasshaimase when welcoming someone to a private office?
What does ままにした mean?
How to say "cheap and easy" for food/recipes?
Trouble with this sentence
Looking for ateji for Colombia
What is the meaning 本心じゃない and ~言ってきた?
Are the province names of Japan translatable into English?
Can I use もしもしif I want to get someone/group to pay attention?
How to say, I/you need [a] better [noun]?
Meaning of 保護される in the following sentence
Can もうbe used to express frustration?
Is there a term for "English that doesn't make sense"?
Natural phrasing when introducing yourself and the reason you are arriving somewhere
How to properly say "Finally, I'd like to thank..:" at the end of a speech?
Is there a difference between 出来る and 作る。
"Can do" Form grammar?
Translating a couple of sentences
Can the word 新鮮 be used as an expression?
Can I use 西 as my last name
とする versus なら (and other confusion)
meaning of とが in this sentence
What is the English equivalent of "~っぺ"?
What dialect is ！〜べ?
Is there a term for two words that mean the same thing, but a preference for one?
Alternate ways to say 結構です?
What does 具志川mean?
Usage of potential form of かける
Which Kanji for お手数をかける
What is the difference between 迷惑をかけた and お騒がせしました?
で or に: how does the meaning of a sentence change?
What is the difference between genkikana and genkidesuka?
Why is だめ written in hiragana?
野武士 and 侍 interchangeability
Does "軽い勉強" mean "studies that are not important" or "studies that are easy"?
「まじ」as "will not"
Need help with ところ in 君の好きなところ
How to say "Are you nuts?"
What is the difference between 気が向く and 気がする?
店番 vs. 店員 - are these synonymous?
Anytime: 随時 vs. 何時でも
How to say that something is overrated, overhyped
Proper way to say "it looks good"
What's a formal way of saying "seems like"?
what does it say on this karate belt?
Dakuten on る character
Why 東南西北 is read トンナンシャーペー in this lyrics?
Is お帰り only used in the home environment?
What term refers to the written characters used before kanji?
What are the bars placed outside of windows called?
Mean of "ブランドによって消費量が違う"
Is there a term for "manga language"?
What's a good grammatical antonym for the auxiliary verb 始める?
What's the difference between 洗面器 and タライ?
How do I find the right meaning of homonyms 同音異義語 via audio?
About the word たまわぴ
の or を？ What is the correct answer and why is it correct?
Can I use 近くif I am close to a person with my feelings?
Why is 街に歩く not grammatical?
てくれる vs てもらう when the topic or subject is implied
I am trying to translate the song "tsukihana," but I am confused by this line: 罪を灯しひなぎくの 夢に寄り添う爪の痕
Is the volitional form of i-adjectives often used?
とは言え conjunction
How to explain 区取り位置
四つ仮名 yotugana - pronunciation difference
Is おっすused by both men and women?
Does ぴゃhave a meaning?
What is the difference between 常に、いつも、始終、しょっちゅう？
On なる and Adverbs
I heard a word that sounded like psycho in English, what does it mean?
Why is "My Apps" translated to マイApp instead of something like 自分のApp?
What is the difference between 搾る and 絞る?
Old Japanese dates
What does では mean in this sentence?
What exactly does リクルート mean?
How to say "I told him that XXX"?
What is the meaning of "超か" in this news headline?
How would one refer to someone else's lover in 尊敬語?
What is the etymology of this child's melody about stepping on kittens?
How do I say group conformity?
What does ～くて mean in this sentence?
How to transliterate 中文 in Mandarin pronunciation to Japanese
What is the difference between 納入 and 支払?
Is it a particular grammar?
Missing clause conjunction (...結果、...)
いろいろな便利な - In some case, two na-adjectives linked not using で?
How do you translate this phrase 「ボルシアは秋にイブラこと」? (see sentence for context)
-chan, -kun, what is used currently for a friend?
Why does 近年 refer to the past, but 近日 refer to the future?
How to say "I started to learn Java" in Japanese?
How did the split between ichidan and godan verb conjugations come to be? Were suru and kuru always irregular?
Problems with -て 来る
Can I use そうです (inference) in past?
What does かけまいと mean here?
Problems with どうすれば
だろうと how can I translate it?
Help with a sentence
What is this というのに?
Furigana: Usage and application
When was this Japanese standard and why this is so different from modern Japanese?
use of the causative form in 「誰に何言わせる気もないよ！　しゃんとしてろ！」
にする in this sentence?
How do you say "(noun) is more/less (adj) to (person A) than to (person B)"?
Who is it referring to in this sentence?
Grammar まるで - ようだ
What does this inserted clause mean?
What does "manga" truly mean in Japanese?
How would I ask a Japanese person for a translation or correction that isn't 1:1 with my English example?
Breaking down "いんや, まだずらよ"?
are "papa" and "mama" also used in japanese as father and mother?
Meaning of ~タガとして
Do possessive pronouns exist at all in Japanese or the only way to refer to possession is through the "no" particle?
Is there a hidden meaning?
Does "kaze" also mean "a cold" in Japanese?
hontou nano ka , is "na" here part of the question marker or is it something else?
Why is そう used to refer to something the speaker just said?
Can the declarative of だ、です、etc, be used with adverbs?
Is ペンキ塗り立て a common expression for "Wet Paint"?
all the readings of 父
Is 神を more "correct" than 神?
Taking blame though I'm not at fault
How do I parse this sentence?
お世話になってます vs お疲れ様です
Is it possible to begin a sentence with または?
When shouldn't I use 「〜さん」when referring to a third person?
What is the difference between 開発者 & 技術者?
Why does だけ come before は?
Using 「～さん」 when referring to both oneself and others: precedence?
what kind/conjugation of verb is used in this pattern?
Times in this sentence
How does しまう function here and/or what does it mean?
「Xの原始として,Y」の意味 (What does the phrase Xの原始としてのY　mean?)
what is the meaning of いくわけだ
Usage of 私的, 私用 and 私情
What are the differences between the multiple words for purses and similar bags?
"善処します" What is the person saying this actually implying?
Is there a standard for furigana? ふりがな vs フリガナ
What does 〜うちが花 mean?
It is も and した right?
Meaning of this incomplete sentence
meaning of these words
Is my interpretation of this phrase correct?
Another language question regarding tomodachi
function of 一度 in the following sentence
What is the difference, in usage, between native Japanese words and their Chinese derived counterparts?
What is the difference between 「しております」and 「しています」?
Are 何でもない and 別に interchangeable?
Should I use で or に?
What 生きていけたら means here?
Japanese equivalent to ASAP
Employee turnover in Japanese
されている vs. している for certain objective verbs
Standard/Conventions in Japanese
Is it correct to use と directly after こと when listing?
Closest meaning of Soulmate, 運命の人 or 心の友?
Where did the term ノートパソコン come from?
「ボーダー」... What border?
Help to translate a tweet
Is there a native Japanese word for upgrading a document to a new format?
Why は instead of で？
Do the adverbial forms of verbs and nouns exist?
Bloatware (¿ブロートウェア?), crapware (¿クラップウェア?), craplets (¿馬鹿?) in Japanese
Looking for some English to Katakana advice for the name Marilou
A phrase similar to "...is the mother of all f##k ups!"
How is さすがに (sasugani) used?
Is there a difference in drawing between the "mouth" and "enclosure" kanji radicals?
Are there any radicals with immutable position in kanji?
Use of だけ with と for saying "only /this/ and /this/"
What is the kanji for いもうと?
Confusion over the use of いい人
Difference in から and 以来
Referring to Chinese Characters that are not used in Japanese
孫悟飯 - Songohan, why non-Japanese say it comes from "gohan = meal/cooked rice"?
Difference between 上げる and 与える
Can you explain this conversation?
use of particles on direct object
Difference between に and まで?
year before last - いっさくねん or おととし
"Do completely" suffixes (〜しまう, 〜きる, 〜ぬく) or verbs and their differences
"compound verbs" in the following sentences
とした in this sentence?
What does 二系列の交叉点　mean?
Difference between どこですか and どこにいますか/どこにありますか?
What is にゃんちゅう saying here?
What does it mean this kanji from Kong movie?
Meaning of ポンポンしている
Meaning of 二次遭難{にじそうなん}
What's the definition of "subject" in japanese?
In which cases pronouns can be omitted in questions?
How do I know which sentence is more polite?
On the use of 「憎々しいまでの」
Is there a word to express "the rain of sakura petals"?
Etymological Connection Between 帽子, 眸子 and 牟子
How to say "I take dancing classes" or "I'm learning dancing"
is 退屈は石になる an expression or it's wrongly translated?
Rules and phenomena about reading/writing words with kanji
When can adjectives be used with the particle "no"?
What is the definition of adjective in japanese?
What does 虎の巻 mean?
Translating とする彼を
Involving 2 verbs in a sentence
What does this ～づくし mean?
Word in haiku - sugara
Meaning of はにゃせ or はにやせ
「下記」vs 「以下」usage
A term in Japanese like "love-hate relationship"
How to interpret ないって
How to explain to the 店員 that I'm an "inverted triangle" body type?
What is the difference between 預金 and 入金?
Why both 弟 and 第 kanji have the same 音読み?
What does the sentence structure ＡでもＢ mean in this song?
Pronunciation of えい
What does やりすぎなほど mean on this page of Yotsubato!
Can I use my Chinese name and if so, how do I say it?
How to write 'I'm emailing you in regard of [topic]'
Need help understanding the embedded image
Translating て-form + ばかりいないで
Meaning of なっちゃねぇ
Distinguishing 「話し」 する and 五段 usage
Meaning of チャラいわり
Does 連用形 always reflect the meaning of 連体形 of a verb?
Unable to understand 理にかなっています meaning
Are「まじめじゃない」、「まじめな人」subjective terms
Could ひきつけられる mean "to get distracted"?
Difference between お座り お掛け　ください
Name of レ点 in 漢文
How to say "From /a book/?"
Meaning of 命の保証
Unable to determine the meaning behind ~のみこと at the end of certain names
Etymology of 「消毒」
Difference between 職務 and 業務
Difference between 設計 and 提案
Are there many ways to read kanji for names?
Translation of "technically speaking" / What is this villain saying?
Is this the right way to write Sailor Pluto in Japanese?
What does あるとき mean in this sentence?
What is the meaning of か in といったところか
Japanese word for "Re-accommodate"
”ないし”-Unable to understand the use of this phrase here
Problems with the grammar of this sentence
Parsing potential phrase modifying a noun
What does 全中制覇 means?
Proper way to say "Look at the sky"
Translating the set phrase 後は～～だけ
Problem with のが in this sentence
What does する mean in this sentence?
What is this なければならない doing there?
Feeling unsure about the connection of the two sides of the comma
Translation doubts
"ji" ending on verb "nai" stem?
Problem with the て form in this sentence
こと vs. の in this sentence
Japanese subtleties in these sentences
Is there a shorter version of saying "これからは、日本語を学ぶために全力を尽くします。"?
Explanation of ambiguous "gokigenyou"
How to ask what days of the week someone does something
Use of の vs が in 見込みのある
Explanation of 掛けられたら in this situation?
How does には work in 10年は待つには長い時間だ, following a verb?
How to say "What the f**k am I doing here?"
What is the difference between 合わす and 合わせる?
What is the difference in usage between nominalized nominal verbs and nouns forming the same nominal verbs?
meaning of ひょうたん ぽっくりこ in a song about a rolling caterpillar
Meaning of 尖った道
Is there such a word as かなまや or かなまゆ?
Meaning of 工夫をこらす
What does "好きになってあげるわよ" means?
Understanding 一面に
How is ではなく formed?
How important is it to the man in the following question?
How to pronounce 自払
How is 件 pronounced as a counter?
Does 関係 use particle に or と?
Difference between ものだ and というものだ
Are there differences between 一瞬{いっしゅん}, 瞬間{しゅんかん} and 一瞬間{いっしゅんかん}?
Four different verbs meaning "to release": 放す, 放つ, 解き放す, 解き放つ
How many ways to say "but" are there in Japanese?
what does the character say in this video?
Meaning of もの in this song
Why is の used in this sentence?
What is the correct term for cash?
"Don't judge a man until you've walked a mile in his shoes"
How to use かなう for desires coming true
いくら's meaning here
Differences between 碁 and 囲碁
How would one would translate "Bearded man"?
かたくな etymology and relation to 固い
What would be the most commonly used and understood term for copulation? (i.e sex)
Should I avoid using the word 「来日」 when referring to myself?
The difference between 例え and 例えば
The が in アカメが斬る
Is 馬鹿げた only used in a negative way?
What is the difference between these two sentences?
How to read kanji when they are written together with hiragana or katakana in a sentence?
In a work e-mail, what is the correct way to refer to one's wife who is a coworker?
When do I have to use たくさん and とても?
What does といった mean?
What is the か for after だから here
What does [入]{はい}らなくなるからと mean in this sentence?
What does からかっちゃ mean?
How to choose between a na- and a no-adjective form of a word that takes both?
what did they mean to use くる in the past time?
is "Ai suru hito" rightly translated as "beloved persons"?
"Recap"-equivalent Japanese word
Problem with implied verbs
Help understanding neutral statement vs... er, non-neutral? に　/　には
Is there a difference between 公開日 and 発売日?
中心にする vs. 中心とする
Is there a secret meaning in PPAP song?
Massive problems with some elements of this sentence
Meaning of やら in this sentence
「そうなの？！」、「マジで？！」、「本当に？！」
Could someone please explain what this Japanese symbol means?
Use of もともと in a self- introduction 自己紹介
How to say "I fell on my ass"?
both...and, neither...nor
How to interpret というか and だったり
How to say "I am confused"?
What are the medical masks Japanese people wear called?
What does this lyric in a song mean?
What should I say when a senior colleague is leaving before me?
Why is ば in this sentence?
How to coordinate two noun clauses (の-clauses)?
Meaning of すごいその
How to respond to a compliment by a boss?
Grammar usage of "と、～た"
Translating Episode titles
Question about the verb 「いただき」
Help deciphering meaning/conjugation of 言っちゃいとっちゃいます
What would a differential translation be for 「先住民」 and 「先住民族」?
Is あたし seen as soft?
Using parentheses (=round brackets) with equals sign
Is んじゃないの rhetorical? And other conversation nuances
What is the meaning of this (義兄弟) combination? Are there any cultural connotations?
On 「～ようってんじゃない」
Rules for connecting nouns with の
Meaning of すぐ in this sentence
Can 燃える be used with the context of being embarassed?
What does こんなことでいわれても express?
What does ついてる mean in 何かついてるじゃないの?
What's the difference between が and を here?
Pronunciation of「ww」(笑い)
What is the Japanese word for video views on the Internet?
What does わけもない mean?
Usage of やばい and 危ない
Is my hiragana handwriting readable?
行っちまった and 行っちゃった differences?
ことで in this sentence?
Converting names to Japanese
Is my katakana handwriting readable?
Counter followed by 隣
Are Japanese modifiers "greedy", "anti-greedy", or do they mean whatever people choose them to mean?
Difference between 夢想 and ドリームスケープ
How do I alphabetize a list with Hiragana, Katakana and Jukugo?
differences between 簡単 and 単純
Meaning of ～ばいいかな
How do i know the difference between ni or wo while using verbs with people
What does 「名のある」 mean on this page of Yotsuba&! manga?
Use of が in this sentence
In the next sentence does she really care or is she pretending to care?
Difference between 愛する and 愛す
how to translate xfx and / or onomatopoeia of the one piece manga
What is the correct way to use 全部: Adverbially or Attributively?
Can 軈{やが}て mean "one day" rather than "soon/before long"?
Toshi o kattara, unten shimasen
Why is the word オタク written in katakana?
WHY Japanese use ていただきました in the end?
Are Japanese people aware of the Chinese meanings of Kanji?
In the next sentence she wants to heal her wounds herself or she wants them to be healed?
Difference between 標高 and 海抜
Is there a term for Japanese characters as a whole?
(Sumo cloze passage) What in tarnation was I supposed to put in this blank?
Usage of の and に in 弟のもっといいお手本になりなさい！
What does より means in this context?
Present Perfect in Genki I
How to interpret なりました at a baseball game radio broadcast?
Can't recognise kanji from image
More complex comparisons with より
Omission of く in negative form of い-adjective
Is this a correct answer
What does キワモノ mean?
Any common, noteworthy changes in speech when a 日本人 is totally wasted?
What is the meaning of「一強・安倍政権」?
Why can に be put after a verb's plain form?
Translation English to japanese
What is the meaning of 「noun phrase」の手?
Pronouns in this sentence
What is 発表待つ saying in this title?
What is the differences between とうとう and ついに? ついに、とうとう違う
Can someone explain the contrastive は to me?
Meaning of むせかえるような笹飾りの香りがした
来年受験 - What does taking an exam in the coming year mean in this context?
Where does the 'no' come from in tsukuru(no)? Is it a particle or part to tsukuru
Is 小判{こばん} understood as a slang term for coins or money in general?
Is おんえがいします different than お願いします?
したい思った ? What is this odd construct?
Can で be used to define a family relationship?
What's the difference between 変態 and 痴女 (or 痴漢)?
Did 無くす come from 無くする?
Why is "together" spelled with "thong"
Why is there a "yo" particle and not a "ga" particle in the phrase "Yūsha Satan yo kiseki o okose!"
Understanding ~並みに and ending a sentence with a noun
Can 亞 be a simplification of 亜?
What is the suitable japanese word for "forefathers" or "ancestors" that can be used in an essay?
What is the word for the cleaning alcohol used by employees to clean hands in 7 Eleven?
Meaning of ベタベタ when referring to a meeting
Genki 1 Can not translate question well
Meaning of ご縁 and 縁 in this context
How to say "she's dead" or "she passed away"?
相変わらず - Meaning and usage
Use of に in a list of names?
What does conditional たら add to 未然形+う+とする?
Nouns list followed by 他
How would I say "this is because," in japanese?
How to say right now, right over there etc
why is the reading of 瞬く and 瞬き not the same?
「それがなにか」 v.s. 「それはなにか」
What does お前…なぁ indicate?
Most natural way to express "It's later now."
what is the meaning of a た形の動詞　＋　とする
When on earth do you use ごろ (goro)?
Whay does the bottom part of 夢 mean?? Right under the 3 squares
Are 結局 and てしまう equivalent in terms of expressing "end up doing something"?
Why do English speaking learners of Japanese use term "volitional" to refer to 未然形+う?
Reduction of the diphthong "ou" to "ō" in Middle and Modern Japanese
In this sentence she gets depressed/disappointed when she says the last sentence or just the last words?
How can I say "I speak very little Japanese"?
What is this archaic female honorific form called, and what relationship does it describe?
Can 無理矢理 be used with inanimate objects?
What is the difference between ayumu, sanpo and aruku?
The meaning of やわこく in archaic dialog
Using も when subject is different
Kun Yomi of Chinese origin, like 竹 (take)
Which verb does くらい modify in this sentence?
Equivalent of saying "It breaks my heart"?
Japanese equivalent of saying to keep something to yourself?
how to tell date?
Is this some kind of Japanese slang?
Problems with this sentence?
What particle do I use for the one who received the favour in -てくれる?
What exactly happens when you embed a clause with も?
Is it appropriate (and friendly) to say こんにちは to random people?
When to use は instead of other particles
What does 外野 mean here?
Difference between 決{き}める and 決{けっ}する?
Syntax of this sentence
Use of 絶対 with things that can't be measured
What would be best to say at a 7 Eleven after I get my change?
Translation of 歯｛は｝磨｛みが｝きしてこよう in Yotsubato!
Is this sentence I wrote with 間に right?
What would the waitress normally ask if I visit a Gusto or similar restaurant?
What does she say in this dialogue?
Why past form of a verb is used instead of passive past?
Is there a universal (regardless of the context) way to say "already"?
What word to use to refer to a manager at a gym/drug store?
What is more common pronunciation for 本文?
What is て form at the end of sentences when it is not a request
Why does the い-adjective require -さ conversion to match ～そうです？
The main differences between 特有 and 固有
What is the difference between hanashi and monogatari?
Is there any rhyme or reason to hiragana?
how can I analyze "満ちたりていたりした" to make sense?
何でもきいてください in an interview
Meaning of しみじみ in this context
How to say "being under threat"
using "natte'ta" in a sentence
By car, By Train, By Bike　etc
Can two requests be made in one sentence using ください?
Can't wait to go to Japan
遠のいちまう - what does it mean?
What does 円分 mean after a number?
Does ピッとGo mean anything?
Why がない but はありません?
How would I say "Japanese below"/"Japanese to follow"?
Japanese dialogue attributions and English ways to translate them
Can particle は use cases be summarized by a single inclusive term "disambiguation"?
Help understanding a JLPT N3 conversation (～くらいだから)
Conditional Form ~たら
Asking politely about a negative
What's the difference between 真（しん）and 真実（しんじつ）？
What is the meaning of 片頬で笑う?
Using 全員 （All students/All employees, etc.)
Quiz question on keigo
What does "うちはどちらですか" mean?
How to say "to look in the mirror"
how does this phrase translate this way?
Help translating "やりかけの人生"
Using のに in a sentence, and expressing "third to last"
Help understanding the usage of 「で」 in this clause
Meaning of 「位置の平等」は難しい。
Figurative meaning of 「総動員{そうどういん}する」 with 語彙{ごい}
Why is D written as Đ in Japanese handwriting?
Question about [一騎当千]{いっ・き・とう・せん}
Problems understanding this annotation
How many people does わたしが世界で一番愛してる人 refer to?
About "tadashii", present or past
日本人は日本語で番号を書くなら、アメリカの小数点かヨーロッパのを書きますの？
How do Japanese understand "non-standard" words without looking at kanji?
How to say "to know how to do something"
Are なぬand ぬぬ like slangy/cute ways to say なに？
何が「The lady doth protest to much, methinks」の日本語の対等なの？
「動詞辞書形＋な」はどういう意味ですか。
What does 動詞た形 ＋ んじゃ mean?
How do I write the verb "To be"? 居る or いる？
Translating a sentence containing によって
How to ask someone in a phone call to pass the phone to someone else?
Causative verbs: when does the doer take を or に?
What does しまおう mean?
Is this sentence referring to an individual or a group of people?
is "koesou" some conjugation form of the verb koeru?
what does the particle "de" means when it comes after a verb?
What attributive to use to express "clean" in "clean hands"?
what means "評価欲しさに来る?
Questions about の→ん contraction, でござる→でございます shift
What does やるな mean when it isn't being used to say "Don't do it"?
Meaning of 「かくや（という）」
How to say "Dealing with someone about something"
How to interpret Xを上にして constructions regarding a map
A formal/informal way to say I don't want anything
Meaning and grammar of this sentence
Meaning of 長い物には巻かれろ
What does そうなろう mean?
ゆきやま vs 雪山 kanji for yuki yama
Help regarding 義理
だからって and ってだけで difference
来て and 来てくれ differences?
Other than はじめまして, what can we say in our introduction?
Any Difference Between 手慣らし and 運動？
Parsing 思うことだって、できるはずだ
Is this the correct way to identify Group 1 verbs?
Clarifying a passage containing ちょっと待てよと思った from がばいばあちゃん
Did I use として correctly?
What is the difference between ～ていてください and ～ていってください?
Translating a sentence with the て form
Is interjection ねえ、ねえ gender agnostic?
How to say "What's new?" 新着情報？
「ので」のように、「のに」も略せますか？
Can the word 美人 ever refer to a man?
Difference between 必死で走る and 必死に走る
Why is に used in the sentence 大ピンチに勝機が見えた?
What is this で (in bold)　and this こと (in bold)?
Meaning of 相当おしゃれしてる
How are 飲んだ、and 飲んである different？
Meaning of Japanese slang phrase「モロです」?
Is term 神経の鈍い (insensitive) common?
You owe me Giri - what do I owe you?
Some clarification on ~いたりもする and ~いそうな
Difference between 時に、時は、時には
使った「日語」はいつからですか？
Confusion about motion towards/away from speaker
What is a ladder-like practice tool called in Japanese?
Meaning of どんな+Noun+も where the Noun isn't a WH word?
Meaning of 運命とはわからない
Difference between なくては and なくてはいけない
未然形 of である and 連用形 of だ
What's the 日本語 equivalent of "~ism"? (ex. Capitalism, Catholicism, Marxism, etc.)
Writing a sentence with ば〜ほど
Is 土方 a common term for a "construction worker"?
う◯こ versus う◯ち - which is more childish?
What's the 日本語 equivalent of saying "That's none of your business"?
Comparing the "severity" of words of amount, degree, etc
Why is there no past tense in this sentences predicative?
Is this と (particle) + したら　or is it "としたら"
Problem in understanding math problem in japanese
What is the difference between '割り引き' and '割引'?
Does the ''te form'' literally mean something on its own?
Usage and meaning : 寝ろ vs 寝てろ?
Level name: is my completion guess right?
Difference in use of words implying "decrease" or "decline"
Meaning of でも in 残念でもしかたない
Why 浴衣 is pronounced ゆかた, and why pronunciation ゆ and かた for kanji 浴 and 衣 are not listed in 国語辞書?
Verb "to offer" and "to share" for food
Value of が at the end of interrogative sentences
Confirm meaning of phrase 隙を与える
Meaning of 致命的な矛盾を抱えた
Use of こと in the following sentence with 果たしたこと
How to express a comparison between two elements in two different fields
Difference between すぐに and すぐさま
Confirm meaning of 水を張った大きな箱
Clarify 俺が振り返ったのと
What do these Japanese characters mean?
"国籍" refers to nationality or the country of citizenship?
What does "許り" (Bakari) mean and what happens when you combine it with ka, ni and denaku (bakarini) (bakarika) (bakaridenaku)
「どうあろうと」と「どうあっても」 の違いは何ですか
けん in 佐賀 dialect
じゅわっと for biting into a mandarin
Questions about 僕の時計が「7時だよ。おはよう。おきろ」と、起こしてくれるのだが、無意識に止めて、また寝てしまう
「~ない」 vs 「無/不/非/未~」, 「的(な)<漢字>」, and general 熟語/漢語 affixes versus grammatical forms)
今(temporal counter) vs. 本(temporal counter)
meaning of なくっちゃ
What is the difference of using とき and 時 in this sentence？
How do you say A leads to B leads to C in one single sentence?
Difference between ようだ and そうだ
How should I translate the sentence 僕がかわりに殴ってやろう
The Japanese for bonded joint
What's this kanji? 「室」
Difference between わかってる　and わかっている , two ている forms in a sentence
Making comparison between people (verb)
Usage of 方 to mean person, interchangeability of くれる and もらう and passive form
Equivalent of 【一人で】for a multi-person group unit
Transitivity of suru-verbs and the causative form to turn intransitive suru verbs into transitive ones
How do I say "any of ~"
What is the meaning of ～はしない?
Japanese Translation for Hamlet Act 5, Scene 2
What is the closest equivalent expression to "don't get your panties in a bunch"?
Usage of ～とたん and nuances
What is the word for a "board book"?
What does this mean? シャッター速度はB,１－１/１０００秒が切れます。
Foreign Language Translation for Hamlet Act 5, Scene 2
What's the difference between って and って言ってた
What does そうするの mean here?
How do you say: "it could have been avoided" The correct way?
Causative verbs in descriptions of people
Difficulty of understanding because of the causative form
Need help with translation of 二つの点がちょうど目みたいに見える
Translating English names to Japanese: to elongate the vowel, or not?
Unknown katana mei
Using adjectives in simple sentence (Need です and い-form?)
translation - how come the word "home" isn't in here
Why is 持っている often translated as "have", even though it means carrying?
How would you say someone's on a need-to-know basis?
How come プレイガイド means "Ticket agency" and not "playguide"?
How would you say "x is exhausting/tiring"?
Can a noun with adverbial particle に be used to express "going somewhere with a purpose"?
What is function of から in conditional statement?
I like to do 'Verbs'
Did he tell you to do/say that?
Use of Adjective + のも
Positive and negative Loneliness
Is "夛" an alias for "多"?
Meaning of verb+となる
Two shapes of the いとへん
Referring to Group of Differentiated Objects
Why 不便 instead of 不便利?
Help with particles
Translation of "社会に出るって、大変です。"? Same meaning as "社会に出るのが大変です。"?
A possible series of omitted words in 「特急列車は相も変わらず閑古鳥」
Strange phrase? 「お切らせ願います。」
Is there a Japanese equivalent to English's "'Can I go to the bathroom' vs. 'May I go to the bathroom'"?
How do you say "Everyone in my family is Chinese" in Japanese?
Help understanding the meaning of one sentence
Is the apology truthful or not?
母ちゃんも心配でたまったもんじゃない
Why does the katakana ラ look similar to the hiragana う?
Sound effect らん with unknowing meaning, and meaning of pun 裂けて　避けた
Analyzing breakdown of jukugo
philosophy's test
Etymology of 「ボンボン」 meaning "green young man from a well-to-do family" in Kansai dialect
How to confirm my first meeting with Japanese teacher
Meaning of ということで?
When should I use な in "na-adjectives"?
Can I translate くれる in the following way?
What's the usage of ばかり in "見たこと無いものばかりだわ！"?
What are the origins of the Japanese idiom ななころびやおき (nanakorobiyaoki)?
Can もすこし遠かったら be used to mean "too far"?
What does "しぇんぱい" mean?
How do I say "you can do/find/use A, B and C"
What does a w at the end of sentences signify?
Can't understand this spoken sentence
What is the grammar behind いないてえ?
What's the role of the と particle in this sentence?
Meaning of 大概 in「ボクも大概だ」?
人 - on'yomi ニン or ジン rule of thumb
五女二男 read as "ごじょになん”？
Exact meaning and function of 冒頭のような
不幸な方へと進んでいる - why are there two particles after 方？
Meaning of "何もそこまで"
Usage of なる with transitive verb
Meaning of 前以上?
How to understand ただ一度きり
sentence with まだ近所迷惑程度で済んだ - how to translate
てんで勝手に sentence - how to understand it
Correct translation of こともない in this sentence
Difference between ぐらい　and さえ
What is the nuance of the expression "二足の草鞋を履く"
How does じゃないか modify hortative in this case?
What does だって mean in this sentence?
difference between しきりに or しきりと?
Differences between た/てた
Meaning of 氣現 (from Final Fantasy 14)
分かるやつにしてよ meaning
How to translate ‘To be or not to be, that is the question’
How to use better as an adjective?
Japanese kanjis and Chinese characters: a request for comparative stroke order
use of だって in this sentence
How would you translate ご褒美のケーキ?
When to use「恐れ入りますが」、「申し訳ないが」、「すみませんが」?
Doubled and tripled kanji
勉強ばできん - particle ば
What does this person do on the show?
Is 松佳 a name in Japanese?
～ことで初めて in a sentence
What are the origins of the Chinese derived words?
What is the purpose of "ところ" in this passage?
How far can a word be away from another and still modify it - 歪み　並ぶ　使い捨てのレール
What is "Red Pill" in Japanese?
Help creating a grammatically correct statement
Can someone help me with this sentence, please?
Is it customary to say いらっしゃいませ in a corporate setting?
"you know what?" or how to change your mind
What does 〜 verb + てんの mean in this sentence ?
Particle と in this sentence
Is this sentence correct. (Beginner sentence.)
Katakana loanwords: is there data about their creation/evolution and acceptance as "new Japanese words"?
Meaning of 細い in 彼女は食が細い
Reading of 孒 as ひだりのうでがない
Using する as "to be"
What verb form is the phrase '見上げたんだ' using?
What's the meaning of this sentence?
What is the difference in meaning between 練習, 訓練 and 実践?
この家は南向きだ。 is correct the translation of this sentence?
What does "夢プチ" mean?
Can a particle attach to a counter?
The purpose of ったって here?
What is かたじけのう?
首都 (しゅと) and 都 (みやこ)
ことにする/なる and ことに決める
The meaning of 時点で and すりゃ in this sentence?
Am I right in reading 「...のおまえ」 as "In the presence of ..."?
Why does 何も mean "anything"?
How to specify that a digital file is for the purpose of printing.
Where does the particle は come from?
Why does Google discriminate between plain form and masu form in regards to tense?
How to use ておらん in lines like 食べておらん?
A hidden pun in さびしんぼう?
How to know if there is a space between words?
What is the meaning of 振り切って in this context?
Regarding classification: 分類、類別、部類、etc
Is 更新予約 a valid term for a "Scheduled Update"?
Can native speakers spot if a clause is relative or not ahead of time?
Usage of 韓服 and チマチョゴリ
use of くらい in this sentence
Use of の (particle) in this sentence:
difference between まとめる　and まとめてとらえる
using みる with the negative で form of a verb
How to write long sound to emphasize words?
How would どこ吹く風 be used in a sentence?
purpose of なく in this sentence
what is this で in this sentence
Is it necessary or optional to omit the particle を in these sentences?
Can this be expressed through an alternate construction
により and help breaking up a long sentence
(noun) + な versus (verb) + な
Is だけでもいいんだけど a Japanese expression?
help with translating と
What is と being used for in these two sentences?
How does Bylth's translation of this haiku by Kiin hold up?
Difference between AとB and AやB
Seemingly Inconsistent Particle Usage with the Verb 手伝う
Difference ~ぬ and ~ず
雨粉 pronunciation and meaning
Meaning of 注意 in the context of advice
How do I find out the written form of a notable person given their name's pronunciation?
か + と particles with a non-quotation verb
How do I have to understand that phrase
Can someone explain the usage of 割り切る in general?
Do particles like を、で、に、and へ、form noun-phrases?
Words request: "Top" and "bottom" (of a page)
When talking about Japanese martial arts, is 師範 higher than 先生?
Will he be a great hunter when he returns, or could he become one but not come back as one?
When listing nouns, can you add だから between two elements to say "and, thus"?
What does the expression "こっちはこっちで" mean?
Can a list's last noun help imply the common suffixial morphemes of it's sister nouns?
The meaning and nuance behind the phrase "話は通してある"
How do I know which radical in a character is the primary radical?
Strange Usage of エフエー (FA)?
what's the difference between particle を and に when used for location
difference between -なくて and -ないで
Problems with たつもり　and -ているつもり
What particle is にでも and what does it mean?
Reading order: "Wolf and Spice" or "Spice and Wolf"?
Why would you use a verbs stem (as state-of-being) rather than the verb itself?
Having trouble identifying a kanji character in a comic strip
'のために’ Usage - Why is 「私の ため に 日本語 で 話してください」 incorrect?
Trouble understanding しちゃア　and ending かい
how to use ~そう past tense
could someone clarify this text about the へparticle
translating an indirect question
How do I have to understand 参加させてほしい?
I'm confused about the overall structure of this sentence
When the chinese readings of first 10 days are used?
Why does 不甲斐{ふがい}ない mean "worthless" while 甲斐{かい} means "worth"?
I'm confused about the translation of these two sentences (from Japanese to English)
It it correct / normal to use か after だ?
What does とも mean here?
use of すんな and ってもんがある
What means 手伝いのしているのですか
is 丁度 only a suffix?
how to use ~なあ with 〜な adjective
use of noun then comma and そして
Why does 嫌い looks so much like an i adjective, when it is a na adjective?
What does the expression "外ばっか見てる" mean?
can the past tense of 来る be written in kanji？
What does 響きがものすごい mean?
How is でも used in this sentence?
Unusual usage of にしては?
How would I write Animal in Japanese when it refers to the Muppet's character Animal
Which diference are between のように and みたい
How to say in Japanese "I want to learn driving a car"?
Translating a sentence cointaining ても, と, とこ and 上 (colloquial japanese)
Where does the word 青年 come from?
Romanization of じ and ジ with ji and zi
どの　and　どち when and how to use each?
Meaning of 大振り in boxing
Japanese slang － まんじ、マンジ、卍
usage of 念のために for non-unfortunate things
買い込む - Stock up drinks for the party
What's the Japanese equivalent of having a "F**k Buddy"?
Difference between だったように and のように
Explanation for でもしたら vs したら
What is 何で (nande) in the sentence 何できた
Japanese equivalent to 'and/also' for part-sentences?
Is there a school definition of the word ミスター aside from "mister"?
can が be used like this？
が usage in this sentence
Numbering pages (ex. PAGE ONE)
What does とろミノ mean / what is it?
How to say "I like watching birds"
can a word be written with different kanji?
Does し here mean the "do" verb stem or is it expressing reasons? And why is も used without は?
What to say to in-law when their spouse has passed away
In what situations would 居る (いる) be read as おる?
Why is "to attempt" written as 心 + 見る？
can たら be translated as "because"?
Help to translate sentence
is it normal to sometimes read compound kanji with kun reading
Temporal sequence conjunctions
What is the difference between Verb+ときです and Verb+ときのことです?
translation: とか and 結構
Expressing the irony of the situation
Can't recognize the kanji
Why だからよ is considered "girly talk" and だからね is not?
Why do Stereopony use Katakana for their song "Hitohira no Hanabira"?
What is the meaning of the expression まるくなる?
Is 壊れる (こわれる) already in pasive form (受身形)?
What does the expression "sour mouth" mean?
Triple Particles
Is there a phrase in Japanese that means "anything under the sun"?
Trouble recognizing kanji
'V' sound in Japanese
Can the word "駄目" effectively 'cancel out' a negative?
What's the meaning of キドクつかねーぞ?
What are the rules for using 最高敬語?
Can someone break down this Japanese sentence into simpler parts
Translation: ところを, ようとする, 側
What is the meaning of ルンパッパ？
I'm doing well. But some particles seem not to fit. What's the role of "こと" in this sentence?
Identifying different ending -な s
Need help recognizing kanji
Help understanding this handwritten Japanese sentence
What are the grammar rules behind this clause, 「才能があろうがなかろうが」?
Explanation of 四方八方
Japanese equivalent of "caught red handed"?
Help with these sentences
What's the difference between 風俗 and 売春?
Abbreviations (etc.)
How is the と particle used here
can を particle be used twice
What does その正体に注目 mean in this context?
Meaning and use of けが (injury)
What do は and と stand for here?
Use of なんと to begin a phrase, but not as a question
Meaning/usage of "送りを指す"?
What are the left and top right part of 叚（暇{ひま}・霞{かすみ}・蝦{えび}…）?
How would you say "Something isn't X, but isn't Y as well."
Best word choice "to learn"
Who does お増{ます} designate?
How does 十中八九 break down to mean 9 times out of 10 when there is 八 in the phrase?
What does the conjugations of んだ do?
Why in the expression "ぜんぜん違う" the verb is in positive?
The humble （謙譲語） prefix 愚 when used to refer to own family members
Help identifying a kanji character
What's the difference between 売り切り and 完売?
What are the kana between kanji called?
Farewell letter in Japanese to a little sister
How to count the word 言葉?
I-adjective with -き, what does it mean?
How to group days of the week together
What is a meaning of 予約 on the washing machine?
Meaning of "止めようと思って止まる"?
Understanding 'ありのままで'
Telling someone to ask/demand an action "Ask your ... to ..."
translating a headline, て form
Difference between 仏教絵画 and 仏画
I think that she thinks that I think she is dumb
I'm confused about the use of the adverb in this sentence
How should てあがる be used？
I don't understand the meaning of しばらく in this sentence
What does おびび mean?
I don't understand this sentence
In a speech, should です/ます be used, or である form?
What does this wish stroke mean?
Translation of 実に大人気無い in this video?
もし and たら. verbs of giving and receiving
what are the differences between いつも、度でも、何でも
When の follows particles
What is the difference between 急ぐ{いそぐ} and 急かす{せかす}?
Use of て-form + に
What's the difference between おい and ねえ?
さんかいの工スカレ一タ一でおります
こども "が" ねて いますから
あめ が ちょうど ていしして
Need help transcribing handwritten characters
What is "舎弟" supposed to mean in this context?
Asking someone to autograph your shirt
Volitional form
What is 願ったりだと?
Omission of verbs into state of being
I don't get the meaning of this sentence おや、変だぞと振り返ると乗っている。
What does 六等星の夜 mean?
How to express that I'm still learning Japanese?
What does 気になりだす mean?
I am trying to figure out what this sentence means but can't figure out part of it
I have a doubt about the use of ～てみる
I don't understand the expression 葉が震える
"learning" in a general sense
I don't understand the premotification of the noun コ一ト
How do you tell when 相手 is partner or opponent?
the difference between ルandタ when the verb shows status
meaning of 結構がち
What does this usage of 「かどうか」mean?
What are the subtleties in use and meaning between: 特殊, 格段, 特段, 特別, and 別段?
Definition of "斬った張った"
Meaning of 地のまま
What do the Long vowel rule and Palatalized long vowel rule represent?
Translating a sentence with 限り
How to say "I want; I don't want" without a verb?
Towards a better understanding of など
Different meanings of すっきり?
Is "は" really a "topic marker"?
だろう　probably / will not / would?
On the use of ゆえ - Difference between ゆえに and ゆえの
Nuances? 見つける vs 見つかる
Doubt when translating しかも and しかと in this excerpt
Translating きり in a sentence
足が遠い　does it have the following meaning?
Translating 別として
I don't understand this sentence もう声が出ず体でうなずいて
Does 「何は名前は君の大学か？」 mean "What is the name of your university?"
Why is the particle を used in this sentence?
What is the meaning of 攻めを自重?
What is the difference between 行きます and 行ってきます (ました、ません etc)?
Usage of キャッチ vs 捕まる
What's the difference among ~てください, くださいますか, and くださいませんか?
Use of なさい in ごめんなさい
What is the meaning of "僕にだって 見えってものがあるさ"?
kaite arimasu or kakimasu?
What is the proper kanji for "King's/Conqueror's will" or "spirit" vertically?
Is there a difference between 最高の and 最高な?
Are のだぞ、のさ、のだ grammatically wrong?
Use of って in this question
Do I need to use の or が in this sentence
What is the difference between 代表取締役 and 取締役?
Grammar question about [sentence]のに
Trouble recognizing kanji from a manga
How to translate ことになる in this sentence
Can you use は to mark the object with negative verbs?
数え方（ドラマのエピソードの場合）
Does 次の always indicate a temporal relationship?
Need help understanding a sentence I came across. Possible ては
Question about まんず
The usage of 一本 vs 一杯。
Unclear sentence: 選を先行する取り組みを本格化させる
What is the difference between 安心 and 安全?
What exactly is a 生徒?
Can someone help me with this basic sentence?
What is the meaning of すこ in ほんとすこ?
日本語でもいいです vs 日本語もいいです
What does 良かった mean?
Figurative use of 「まどから捨てる」
Is the use "ほしい” appropriate in these sentences?
What does なおも mean in this sentence?
What is this でも
Will you come or go to my location?
I can't recognize anything in this sentence
Who is the subject and object in this sentence?
Pitch accent of months?
indirect question
Is this correct?
「お前が言うなの世界」をどのように解釈すればいいのですか。
Use of まだしも in this sentence
Meaning of 法律のとおり
Why this verb isn't in the dictionary form?
number + counter + して?
I need help with this sentence from Re:zero
Why does the IME give me "←" when I type "zh"?
Negative questions + の
What is the thing written in grey that sometimes shows up in the macOS Sierra dictionary app?
How to interpret the phrase 師匠をつけるほど?
Difference between 困る and 困っている
Is "違和感を感じる" really redundant?
Are both 遠く and 遠くに adverbs? If yes, are them interchangeable?
When is it appropriate to use what alphabet?
"In case you're living under a rock" in Japanese
Two ways to say "best" and "worst": what's the difference between 最低{さいてい} - 最高{さいこう} and 最悪{さいあく} - 最良{さいりょう}?
What are the most common words for "to attack"?
What is the difference between ～気もする and ～気がする?
調べました versus 調べてわかりました
そらのおとしもの - "Heaven's Lost Property" or "What fell from the sky?"
What happened to original, pre-Kanji, Japanese words?
I found this example sentence in a book, could you explain it to me?
Not subject despite が?
words for snail
Problems with this sentence
How does までに work with 少しずつ
What do the connective particles do here
What does 家建てる mean?
How to say "moment of weakness"?
What does this ため say here?
How do you say (something) 'could be'/'might be' the cause/reason for a certain effect/situation?
Why ga and not o in "Mari wa neru koto ga suki desu"?
Why is 白鯨 pronounced hakugei but 白 is shiro?
When is the "しりつ" reading of "市立" used?
Choosing the correct level of politeness when translating foreign material
Why is シャワー used with 浴びる?
How to say that a proposed date/time is OK without sounding condescending?
Is こんにちは a question?
Translation: 多大の貢献をなし他の範とするところ
Katakana (potentially gibberish) "sentence" in Bibara Bibara: meaningful or not?
how do you say "to get someone to do something" in japanese?
~でも〜ましょう and ~ましょう?
Difference in nuance between causative form and てもらう
What does it mean a form to be "continuative" in japanese?
So, what is the rule for this construction
Help to understand difference between に堪える/に堪えない/に耐える/にたえない
What's the difference between 最後 and 最終?
ことになる vs. ことになる, contextwise
黒い VS 黒 What is the difference between them?
Easy book on kanji / word etymology
What does 当然 mean in this context?
The interplay of this two verbs
What is the difference between 今 and 今の？
Confusion about usage of ordinal numbers
How Are Titles Written In Japanese?
Is this translation of "When are you going to that person's house?" correct?
Alternative ways to say "what's that?"
is this sentence gramatically correct? "ano ko ga futteita makka na sukaafu"
What is the past tense of suru (do), which would be did?
Conversation in barbershop
Problems with this sentences grammar
Did I analyze the structure of this sentence correctly?
Why does this phrase use "de" and not "o" "te wo furu hito ni egao de kotae"?
Is there any word for stars only?
What is the correct tense for translating 繰り返すんだな?
Are relative clauses used differently in Japanese?
Use of でもし in this sentence
Meaning of って in レニーって男が来て脅されたんだよ
Does 反面 require contrasting clauses?
Meaning of 「メリハリ」
Using adjective's て form as "and"
Difference between 夫 and 主人?
Grammatically, is a 体言止めの文 a "Japanese sentence"?
What is this を doing here?
Stumped translating 女の戯言を真に受けられちゃ迷惑だって
How to read 箕 (mi/mino）? Are these just different readings or is there a meaning difference?
横書きと縦書き Is there a preference for usage?
医者 or 先生？Which title is appropriate?
Is the 女 radical ever written with the strokes くフ?
Can タコ be an offensive word?
Is "gen" also a reading of this kanji? 間
Please help me translate this sentence into English
ni tsuite 「について」 vs ni yoreba 「によれば」
Potential following の that follows a noun
How can I tell wether this pronoun points forward or backwards in context
What is the term for two kanjis, that when written in the reverse order, have the same meaning?
さえ at the end of a sentence
Body parts confusion: 頭{あたま} vs 首{くび}, 手{て} vs 腕{うで}
What do these expressions mean?
How does this sentence work?
What does this な at the end of the sentence mean?
首 when fired from a job: etymology?
Why does gemination happen in many 真 compounds?
How do japanese people write the english word "The" in Katakana?
Meaning of ~を繋げ in this context?
where does this word go in this sentence?
Can なんて be a negating factor?
Use of さらに with 敬語
What is really the use of the particle "no"?
Extrapolating the contents of this phrase
What is this て doing?
Why is there て form at the end of the sentence?
Is the "ga" in 「○○○が食べたい」 standard japanese?
Meaning of モロ in boxing
Is 最愛の神さん the proper way to write "Dear God?"
協力する particle usage
Translation Question from Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone
Use of より in this sentence
Structure behind 気になってはいても
"可能性がある" at the beginning of a sentence?
What is the difference between 市, 都市, 都会 and 市街
What does おり mean in this sentence?
Help understanding 警察犬をクビになったわんこ
The meaning of 恥を言うようです
Can someone explain the usage of おかないんだ in this sentence
Is きれいそう a mistake?
Overall syntax of this sentence
Parsing of 外国人が車を運転して起こす事故
Meaning of 味を増した
しろ vs. せよ imperative forms
Do you understand what is written in this paper?
The purpose of で in this context?
When is this kanji 区 used in an "area" context?
Meaning of 文句 in the following dialogue
usage of と in this sentence
What does よし！久しぶりに魚にしようっと！ mean?
meaning of ことに?
Is かじりましい right？
What is the difference between dayo and desu?
失礼します and すみません。
きたんだろう at the end
Are these translations of 'metaphor', 'love', 'death', 'dream' correct?
I don't understand what's the te-form purpose in here
Is "~の方が格上だ" a set phrase of sorts?
Difference between 始終 and 終始?
Is the construction 'Verb + adjective + noun' possible?
why に can mean "and"?
Problem with 傷つく: who is hurt in this dialogue?
と　particle after a full sentence
use of ようから in this sentence
What is this specific way of announcing court orders called?
Question concerning ヶ in 一ヶ月
Is the honorific postfix -氏{し} usually used towards men?
What does this に　do in this sentence?　And this わ in the following?
Is this irony here?
What's the pronunciation of か in　ですか?
と conjunction vs. て-form conjunction?
Why does the aikido teacher spell 一 as "yetch"?
"だなんだと" meaning
What is the difference between wakaran or wakaranai?
Why is ネコ (cat) used in ネコ目 (Carnivora) while the order also includes the suborder イヌ亜目 (Caniformia)?
Can the honorific o be used in front of all nouns?
Meaning of "...のもなんと"?
The difference between は and を?
「ら」 in 「平たいら」meaning
How to use the word ''Amari'' and "Juushi suru" in a sentence
What does なきゃ mean in this situation?
How does ように work in this sentence?
Furu meaning in sentences
Difference betweenすればいい and すれば
Weird usage of dakuten
Doesn't ～ニン（人）as a suffix imply that it is a counter of people
Ｗhat does っていうんだ mean?
ごめんなさい　How do I say that I am sorry in a deeply apologetic manner?
ねぇ、ちゃっと寄ってかない! Is the sentence written correctly?
What is the difference between のちがいい and あとがいい？
Is カンニングペーパー a good translation for 'cheat-sheet'?
Why should I use わけだ and not ものだ in this sentence?
Difference in meaning between ようとする and ようにする？Meaning of のか in this question?
Why is intentional form used in 「カラオケに行こうと誘われました」?
Problems with the function of に and the meaning of 失礼
How to say "I think studying English is easier for Brazilians than for Japanese"
（来る）んだったなって = should have (come)?
Best way to simply ask "how often do you"
How to use しっくり
How do you count train stations?
What does 上 mean here?
what does なってしもう mean?
〜たいと思う -- What does this mean?
Why is vegetable 野菜 and not just 菜?
When to use te form vs. で
What is the way 召されなば is conjugated?
Is tonai (都内）only used for the Tokyo metropolitan area specifically?
外国人登録をする時もいっしょについて　？？？ Why ついて
Why も in 私も暇な時、犬といっしょに・・・
When do you use の to join nouns and colours/adjectives?
とか～とかする versus たり～たりする
Differents ways to write 箸
Help parsing a sentence
”不細工な皮で包み…" is this a metaphor?
どうしてこの「が」は動詞に付いていますか。
What is the main action with がてら (in the given example)?
What does it mean when a Japanese called you 天然？
Function of に in this phrase?
Use of どうも　in this sentence
Counting objects modified by relative clauses
私まで嬉しい is translated as "I am happy", what function of まで is this?
What are paper humans called?
Childish or childlike?
"...there is a very peculiar phenomenon of particle duplications in Japanese" (Kuno 1973)
約 得 recognition and translation
What does 言われよう mean?
Word for "appropriate" as in dress code etc
How to say "artistic composition"?
What is the meaning of the expression 熱い胸?
What's the purpose of "し" after "買い物" in this sentence?
Mind, Heart, and Spirit
Difference in Katakana Characters
Writing jukugo where only some kanji are known
Confused about って in this sentence
Is the Japanese word "pan" (パン) related in its origins to the Spanish word "pan"?
What is this 連用形+ゆる grammar? How is it different from the potential form?
How to speak about "one" thing in Japanese?
I need help with this sentence! 居るなら居ると言ってくれればいいのにと誰にともなく唇をとがらせる。
Motion verbs and ところ
Usage of に in this sentence
A complex structure: Xが～するYについて、～する者は
Use of the causitive form without an obvious source of causation
When to and not to use the particle の to link to nouns?
What's the difference between 記号 and しるし？
Is this で a particle or the connective form of copula? Or something else?
What is this いけ
How to say "a year has 12 months"?
Clarifications on だって and って contractions
Why is じどうしゃ (jidoushiya), jidōsha instead?
Mnemonic to remember different "to wear" verbs
Superlatives: How do I say "X is the nth most [adjective]"?
The meaning of うがった見方
How to say "I want to see A doing this"?
Can "mata itsuka" be used in casual conversation?
How to express feelings about a performed action?
Why is this written in katakana instead of hiragana?
How does どうするんだ function here?
I'm not sure the meaning of the first part of the sentence
～ないかな (Negative Verb Form with Positive Translation)
Difficulties with parsing this sentence
How should I write woman?
Is the ね here a negative particle?
Siri says そわそわしてしまいます
Understanding adjectives with noun phrase eg 髪がきれいな女性
Confused by "~奴らをあの連中~" in this sentence
Phrase like "sth is love sth is life"
How do I ask and say "X is the nth president"
"お手伝いできますか？" used to ask for help
How does this part of the sentence function?
I want to mention that replying in Japanese is ok
About combining adjective
How to describe screaming in a happy/excited sense?
Pronoun collocations
Deciphering a kanji from a mug
て in 恭悦至極に存じたてまつり
Exceptions to kanji readings
What is the Japanese equivalent of "at the back of one's mind"?
interpretation of 自分まで
Where do adjectives fit in the sentence structure?
Meaning of 立てる in どうやって皆を立てたい、立てれるとこ立てよう
Hail [雹]{ひょう} -vs-[ 霰]{あられ}
Can this sentence 他人のフリ be translated like this?
A is concerned more with verb than B
Academic/historic attempts to create an alternative writing system similar to Hangul?
Can you speak hypothetically without conditionals
What is the purpose of 「順風満帆」 used in business context?
What is the Japanese (onomatopoeic) sound that corduroy pants make?
How to use the emotional って？
How to use わめかれた？
Translation Question—isse?
Difference between yamero and yamete
Which use of the て形 is used in this picture?
Parsing of ひっそりとはしておらず
Why is "ashita kaerimasu" not "ashita wa kaerimasu"? is the particle wa being omitted or is it not necessary?
Question about: できないことなどない
is お死枚 a pun on 四枚?
use of もはや in this sentence
passive in noun modifier
How can I apply た form to -すぎ for conditional clause?
How to express this
How do I say "the other person"?
イヤならのいて meaning
Meaning of ２浪してるんだ
気をつけなければ explanation
What is the word for "play your part"?
Can anyone confirm チックン is Kyushu-ben for チングイ and give its scientific name?
Use of の in のために?
Help with parsing and Q about a possible set phrase
Use of でなんかいられるのか in this sentence
Meaning of 押す with wheelchairs
Question about しなくもない
"筆順" sounds more scientific / formal than "書き順"?
How to represent prefixes and suffixes in a L2 context
Particle usage of に in 南北に長い?
Whats with this なんか
Is the causative-passive necessary here
When is たら or 時 being preferred more than the other?
At what time did furigana start being used?
What's the progressive form of 来る, 帰る and 行く
Grammar of this sentence
Expressing that something was not bad nor good, it was ok
Can 神様 also be translated to "Oh god"?
Intrepretation of 遠慮もしていられないか in this sentence structure
Why is it in volitional form?
Usage of Encircled Kanji
Asking without spicy / i-adjective
The meaning of 吸口 in this context
Interpretation of のする
Meaning of song lyrics
The use and placement of だけ
Need help understanding a sentence
Meaning of 中継で観る
新しい古いうち.　What does this mean?
What is the meaning of these words/sentences?
Parsing a NがNのNは construction?
Meaning of the expression "大きく出る"
Why is いる used with 才能?
Use of と in these 2 sentences
What is the difference between 成熟 and 熟成?
いつここに来ましたか　vs　ここに来ていつですか
Is 私はコリアンダーにアレルギーがある an accurate translation?
Why is the を particle used twice here
Saying 'he went' with itta
Correct spelling of 'mono no aware'
Help parsing this line correctly
adding ーすませ to the end of a noun
Would it be odd to refer to English-style tea as お茶?
the difference among "開く（あく）、開く（ひらく）、開ける（あける）"
Xenogears Pearfect works p.8 chronological year 4767
Can みせ（店）be translated to something other than "shop"
What is the meaning of the word "ma" in this sentence?
Difference between にしたら /として/にとって
etymology: 紅 for black as in 紅茶
Why is と used in this sentence?
Interpretation of 物語にしようと考えている
Wanai vs Arimasen
What is the meaning of 横分け眼鏡?
Meaning of verbal suffix ～てくたっとしてしまう
What differences are there between the English word "memo" and the Japanese word "メモ"?
what is the meaning of the particles in the sentence: 言ったじゃねえかよ。
How extension names is handled in Japanese (Sr, Jr, III, IV)
Is の上 required in エスカレーターの上を歩く
Translation of わき in this sentence
Is this the most accurate translation of 二つめの言葉は風　行くてを教えて?
Interpretation of "～のようなものがある" and "どうにかなってしまった"
Clarifications regarding the AをBに。。。 construction
How should I understand 〜ぬ時は?
What's the difference between 退屈 and 飽きる?
How would you translate the word 神祖?
Meaning of 多い in 去年より４３％多い３４０万人
How do you say [noun] "for you"?
Does "クラッシュ" correspond to both the English words "crash" and "crush"?
Is "着物デート" the Japanese for "kimono date", and what exactly does it mean?
Odd structure - 何か　見つけました？
Choosing hiragana over simple kanji?
Difference in usage of 新しい and ニュー
Can particle と be used with 分かる?
When should you use Nani / nan, as opposed to just finishing with desu ka?
Why wa in Karaoke wa suki desu ka?
The use of ただ and だけ together redundant?
Are there any similar words or phrases for「分かりました」
Why is "many gods" (八十神) exactly eighty?
What's the English equivalent of ブタ in poker?
Why is there plain form in this sentence?
Translate a sentence, English to Japanese
Natural sentence about line (waiting)
を before a noun?
Are these -てから the same?
Use of 遊ぶ (asobu)
How do the elements of 駅の近くに壊れた自転車がずっと置いてあります work together
Why aren't these sentence elements placed in a different way?
になっている vs がある ？
How can I express this collection of attributes
Usage of「が」and 「は」in ~くれる
Sentence translation help
What is the archaic version of the verb conjugation しても？
た ち つ て と -> だ ぢ づ で ど (ta chi tsu te to -> da dji dzu de do) - Why is it different from all the other kana that can get dakuten?
What is the better 表現 of meeting someone unplanned / by chance?
Why does 疲れた translate to the present tense
Japanese pitch accent in songs
is it known how each kanji/compound graphic design evolved the way they did?
Further clarification on ~てある
What's the meaning of 時間のやり方 in a sentence
Saying "I ran home" correct?
What is the pronunciation of ai?
I am trying to understand what chara ito means
How the grammar of this sentence works?
Misreading Japanese text due to bad kerning (rn→m, cl→d etc.)
What is the use of て-form at the end of this sentence?
What are the nuances between [死亡]{し・ぼう} and [死去]{し・きょ}?
断言 and 言い切る difference
Use of お in the beginning of these question phrases
にも after the 連体形 of a verb and sentence
How does がかえ connect this sentence together?
If Kanji are necessary to disambiguate homophones, how come it's still used, being that Japanese people seem to know the difference when speaking?
"Eyeball analysis of data" equivalent japanese word
Should I use 言う or いう in "はどういう意味ですか"?
Problems with elements of this sentence
Did my teacher make this etymology for もしもし up?
What is the difference between 鋼{はがね} and 鋼鉄{こうてつ} (two ways to say "steel")?
What does 白く濁っていく mean?
Is には a contraction of のには or ためには and how did it come to be like this ?
What do you say to welcome someone into an organization?
When is お pronounced「ä」instead of「ō」？
What's the most common way to say you are bad at something?
Meaning of プレミアついて２０万
Real meaning of nanigenai 「何気ない」?
How to distinguish 具に with 備に ?
What is the proper way to write a professional email to a business?
Japanese word for "savage" (modern usage)
In what circumstances is it appropriate to use the word 連中
what is the difference between 合う and 正しい？
What is the difference between ～してる and ～している?
Difference between 保育所 and 幼稚園
What does "幸せじゃない大人に説得力あるものか" mean?
What is 何のこともかんのことも?
Use of で particle over を
Counters + inherently plural items
How do you say things like "The ________ Principle" in Japanese?
Usage of も in a Specific Context
On a seemingly peculiar use of 「おいおいまた」
Why do not all かな get dakuten? And why only the は ひ ふ へ ほ へ kana get handakuten?
Silent consonants when singing
Why "pass me the salt" is しおを取って instead of しおをわたして
What quality would 勝手 describe in these contexts?
Meaning/Use of 陰陽 in Japanese and differences in reading (Onmyō/In'yō)
Why is Qantas spelt カンタス?
Use of 悪ィ over 悪い
Meaning of 意識してる in this sentence
Omitting "da" in casual speech
Origin of the verb 茶化す？
Is there an easy way to translate/understand 体言止め sentences?
is there any reason why "waratteru ka naiteru noka" uses first the ka particle for the first part and no ka for the second?
How is 「と」used in the sentence: 「地震で家がぐらぐらと揺れた。」
In the following sentence, 多分 indicates maybe or probably?
What is the meaning of その点 in this context?
What is the difference between 前と and 前に?
"ための x ために" in this phrases
When is -の used for a question
What is the difference between these sentences used が and は
Would 売り手 be the right word for a store clerk? What about cashier?
How should I read 早々？　As そうそう or はやばや？
How to refer to a famous writer? （-さん？-先生？）
What reading would I use for 街 in fictional place names?
Reading of 年 in いつもの年よりたくさん作っています
How to say f*** yeah in Japanese
what are な and ね in ごめんね and ごめんな
Can 象徴 also be translated as "indication" or "omen"?
Use of Dash or Hyphen in Telephone Numbers
住所を読む時、なんで「の」って言うの？
How would one parse "金ってのは金のある[…]"
How would you express 'worth it' in Japanese?
Different between 力強い with 強力
Most natural way to say "absolutely not"? 決して 絶対に?
Degrees of Otaku
Modifying fixed expressions such as 「駄々をこねる」 adjectivally and adverbially
Explaining directions to a Japanese tourist /useful phrases to know
How to connect the elements of this sentence
Can't recognize one character
X wants for Y to not be Z
What particles and what verb forms to use when attached to もらう or くれる
Verb for "adjusting" glasses?
What about these particles
How to say "I like to draw this particular character"?
Syntax and peculiarities of this sentence/text
Should I use 竜 or 龍?
Do song lyrics in Japanese typically rhyme?
....だと思う and ...と思う
Can 触る mean 'to handle'?
The meaning of やっと
implicated differences between は and が
What does 結ばれ mean in this bible verse?
Long vowel AND extension?
When can "AのB" be digested down to "AB"?
In romaji, is りょう spelled 'ryou' or 'ryoo'?
