How long does soil need to last?
Why don't brides (always) cover their hair for their weddings?
Mordechai - Religious Leader or Political figure?
Question on Rashi - Yisro 20:8
Tevilat Keilim on a gift
Ana B'choach - Private prayer or Sing-Along song?
Are Jews allowed to participate in Valentine's Day rituals?
Shnayim Vetish'im Umatayim - mi yodeya?
Can the child of two converts marry a Cohen?
Rabba bar bar Chana
Can the Gemara be used as scriptural basis to prove a point?
Do some communities still allow more mingling between the sexes on Tu B'Av?
Achashverosh — was he or wasn't he?
Can a Cohen marry a bat niddah?
How does a door hit against a lintel (משקוף)?
Barchu or Kavana
Are there any restrictions about a chazzan if there are questions about his orthodoxy?
Halachot of Lashon Naki (clean speech)
"־הם" versus "־מו"
If the last day of Passover is Friday, may I eat chametz on the Shabbat right after?
Can a non Jew bake bread on Pesach for a Jew to use after Pesach?
Processing an online payment - which will be processed on Shabbos
Wishes to a mourner in addition to "Hamokom Yenachem Eschem"
Is there a bracha for blooming non-fruit trees?
What are the sources for women to wear/ not wear pants?
Yichud in a dorm like situation
Maaser on Selling Previously Purchased Items
Issues with cooking meat and milk at the same time
What did the 70 elders see?
Ceremony to take a woman as a concubine (pilegesh)?
How should an employer respond to a government policy requiring abortion coverage?
Kosherizing Water using Distillation
Why doesn't Tefilat Geshem have a verse referring to Miriam?
Why are most mitzvas impossible to keep?
Why is the Aruch Hashulchan on Even Haezer incomplete?
Lifnei 'Iver in public policy/business
Was Bar Kochva disemboweled?
Is the enemy of my enemy my friend? If so, which one?
Starbucks VIA on shabbat
What are Jewish conventions regarding honeymoons?
Chafez Chayim checked copies of (which) books?
Hair dyeing for women
What are (all) the Havdalah halachic times?
May one love a non-Jew?
Naming after the living. Why is it considered bad?
Why does Judaism require more orthodoxy than other religions?
Fasting for Medical Recovery
Circumcision when danger to life, born Jews and potential gerim
Longest Tosfot in Shas
Who composed the Piyut Echad Mi Yodeya?
What is Nirtzah?
Can the living negatively affect the dead?
Relationship between wearing a kippa and reciting a blessing
The blessing of Shehechiyanu
Beef from cows?
Why do we think of the korban pesach as a sheep, not as a goat?
7 Seas or The Great Ocean?
Is there a model of reconciliation in the Tanach?
Is there a list of Nusach -> Shevet correspondence?
Pocket-size Talmud/Gemara
Who is a Shoteh?
Beracha upon seeing a friend on a webcam
Why is milk with meat not kosher?
Why is practical kabbalah not considered kishuf?
In an average shul, how long before sunset does a combined weekday Mincha/Maariv service start?
Machine shmurah whole-wheat matza?
Is there anywhere that you can get round machine Matzos?
Is ad-blocker software permissible?
Should anyone be burned to death?
2 Sifrei Torah for close readings
Make a Mikdash but we are making a Mishkan?
What is the source that Parshas Parah is from the Torah?
How are we allowed to take out two sifrei Torah?
Boshes damages for a מלבין פני חברו ברבים
Handling Conflict between Jewish and Civil Law
Why is 'misod chachomim unevonim' sometimes said and sometimes omitted in the repetition of the Amidah?
Where can I get "Afarsimon" oil?
Why be happy Shushan Purim?
Why Do Converts Change Their Names?
Would synthesized meat be Kosher?
Yotzros for Musaf on Shabbos Shekalim
Nullifying Ancient Israelite Idols
What to do with old ציצית
When is a mechitza required at a meal?
What kind of Mechitza is required when the women daven on the second floor?
Does God discriminate between Jewish and non-Jewish people?
Is there any difference between Jewish G-d and Muslim G-d?
Why is it ok to pay the kids for the afikoman?
Are robo-calls permitted?
What are the parameters of kavod ha'brios?
Megilas Esther by day - why is it done after Kriyas HaTorah?
What shevet did a convert in the midbar belong to (if any)?
Were the eirev rav Jewish?
Are Jews permitted to martyr themselves?
Whispering prayers?
Is cross-dressing permitted on Purim and if so why?
Conventions for derivation of Hebrew names
Giving over 20% to Tzedakkah
Sepharadic Tachanun
Can you learn from seforim written by someone who believed in Shabbetai Tzvi?
Relations among King David, the Sanhedrin, and the high priest
Stopping Intermarriage
Washing three times in the morning
Sh'hecheyanu vs. M'chayeh haMeisim
Are there any Synagogues or Rabbis available in Pakistan?
What scientific authenticity does the Dead Sea Scrolls provide to justify that Torah is a word of God?
Why does the Jewish calendar HAVE to end?
Shelosha Vetish'im Umatayim - mi yodeya?
How do I remove spiritual chametz along with the physical?
Why didn't Achashveirosh reward Mordechai immediately?
Commentaries not noting clear issues in the Torah
What's the significance of the dot in "bqr" in Danial vs the omission of the same in Genesis
"A life for a life": execution or reparations
Status of feet while making a bracha or davening
What was the attitude of Rabbonim regarding Purim Torah?
Eating Hamentashen on Purim
Tehilim for an illness
Why does a Hamentash have three sides?
Why does a hamentash have three sides and filling?
Midlife Name Crisis
Semicha and Gneivas Daas
Extra Vov: what Vov?
Learning near a dead body
why don't Jews meditate?
What's up with this pasuk in mishpatim?
Bishul Akum: now what?
Seeking Shulhan Aruch Hamidot
Where Rashi uses a Russian word in Nach?
(Why) is the construction of the 3rd Temple necessary to restore peace in the world?
Can you rely on the cashier?
Where does Rashi say "Complaint" in his commentary on the Torah?
Should we say Al Naharos Bavel?
How does a son call up his father for an Aliyah?
How does the Rabbanut Harashit work?
Information about the office of the Chief Rabbi of England
May I rely on the halachik leniency of others?
Why do Shuls put up notices saying משנכנס אדר מרבים בשמחה?
Translation of haggadah section titles
Forgiveness on Rosh Chodesh
Mayim Acharonim with a cup?
Coerced testimony in halacha
Trouble understanding this Kaf HaHaim
Must a woman cover her hair in bed when she is a niddah?
Hearing Megillat Esther in a mixed minyan
Recommendation for Purim divrei Torah (not "Purim torah")
Origin of Haggadah Section Titles (Kadesh Urchatz, etc.)
Kiruv and halachik compromise
Were the prophets and holy people who lived before Judah (Yehudah) also Jews?
What is the conceptual definition of tzniut?
What is the purpose of T'chiat Hametim (ressurection of the dead)?
How did the moon shrink?
The 500 men killed in Shushan, and the 500 Jews who killed Amaleki
Is Okapi meat Kosher?
Do blessings and curses affect the dead?
Why do Jewish people sway while praying?
Talit Gadol vs Talit katan
Kissing tzitzit for full shma during "leolam yehey"
Kissing tzitzit for maariv
General understanding of Kri and Ktiv
Shaving on Rosh Chodesh when it is Erev Shabbos
Who wrote Shoshanat Yaakov?
Should one ask a non-Jew attending synagogue to wear a yarmulke?
Trapping during the week
Bagging meat with milk
At a non-kosher restaurant, is sliced raw fish kosher?
What is the beracha on gnocchi?
Tallit with Wool Atara
"bad impression" vs "Judge your friend favorably"
Slavery in halacha today
Why did Rabbis stay away from Amei Haaretz?
Do I need to own the enclosure of my 'Eiruv?
Gaps in an 'Eiruv
Should a woman avoid singing in front of her husband while she is a niddah?
Is a convert obliged to honor his parents?
On "he who saved one life saves the world"
Performing miracles with Hashem's Name
What are the different [para-]rabbinic roles in the UK?
Are you allowed to benefit from an electrical appliance turned on during shabbos?
Walled from the times of Joshua: Why Joshua?
Am I yotzei bikur cholim by visiting someone's Facebook page?
Would Esther really have kept silent?
Anonymous glosses in the Shulchan Aruch
If mixing red and blue thread for the Mishkan, why the purple thread too?
Orla and Decorative Kumquat Trees
What is the source for Pardes?
Rejecting others' friend requests on Facebook
How much is keifel for Gneivas Daas?
Is IshBoshet, Saul's son, his real original name?
Is Mossad Assasination allowed in Torah?
Is it permissible for a Jewish woman to marry a Muslim man and vice versa?
Why is the prayer for dreams repeated in Birchas Kohanim?
Divrei torah written by a heretic
Is autocannibalism halachically prohibited?
Sefer similar to Yalkut Yosef for Ashkenazim
Understanding the story of Rabba and Rav Zeira
Why has the Mishnah Berurah become the Authoritative Halachik Work instead of the Aruch haShulchan?
How big, and what exactly, is "Kedei Kelipah"?
Is there any place I can rent or borrow a Megillah from?
What is the source for the current Shiurim that we have?
How did Avraham refer to his father the Rambam in writing?
Unique signature of the Chida
Singles not wear Talit Gadol
Sefarim specifically made for "Daily Hizuk"
First-Temple-Era names of the Hebrew months?
Why doesn't the hagadah discuss miracles?
Where did Baruch She'amar come from?
Why is the Lubavitch custom to have short Peoth?
What's the history of Hekhalot/Heichalot/Heikhalot literature?
Belittling of the Holocaust?
Extra yud in Yerushalaim
Is buying a lottery ticket a lack of faith?
How to reconcile? I must eradicate the memory of Amalek but I must help the ass of the one who hates me.
When did Achashverosh stop rounding up fair maidens?
Why don't we use a translator during Torah reading?
Why did Achashveirosh take Esther if she was already married?
Insults in the gemarah
Using a non-kosher toaster oven
What is a good place to buy kabbalah seforim online?
Learn more about the Ramchal's plays
Source for not having picture taken
Why do Ashkenazim respond בְּרִיךְ הוּא in kaddish?
Parsing the "Yisbarach..." sentence in kaddish
Covering eyes for leolam yehey
With which Torah can one fulfill the obligation of Parshas Zachor?
Modim DeRabanan - UThHonnenu or UThKayemeinu?
Neder vs. Shevua
Tutorials for learning more about Jewish practice
Why was the "Ark of the Covenant" lost?
Zimun and Bentsching (Bircat Hamazon / Grace After Meals) with Jews who ate non-kosher food
Difference in meaning of Zeicher / Zecher
How do we erase the memory of Amalek?
How commonly used are manuscripts in psak?
How was the Shaalos Utshuvos Min Hashamayim allowed to do what he did?
Printing shem hashem
What is the date ending the 700 years mentioned in these midrashim?
What does בהם refer to in some texts of אַתָּה חונַנְתָּנוּ?
PTIJ: Haman was Basar b’Chalav, so how could we eat him?
Zachor from a non-kosher Sefer torah
Humming during shmoneh esre
Mishloach Manot must be "ready to eat" - from whose perspective?
Jewish Khan Academy
Hamaor Hagadol vs Hakatan (books)
Plural vs Singular masechtot names
Halachically skipping Purim
What's up with this strange new hechsher?
Pronunciation guide by a Gerer Rebbe?
Why not "Where is Achashverosh in the Torah"?
Haman in the Torah
Walled cities for Purim other than Jerusalem
כחל of a Ḥayah Tehorah - same din as כחל of a Behemah Tehorah?
Minhag not to view moon through a window?
How was the Volozhin Yeshiva special?
Can one "take over" the Megillah reading?
Can I have kitniot in my house on Pesach if I cannot eat them?
Is there a rule for Rashi's French transliterations (Laaz)?
How frequently does G-d destroy?
Need some good Russian Purim/kiruv links
Burying on shelves, one on top of the other
Can I Have a Chumra Please?
Is Daylight Saving Time a Mitzvah DeOraitha or Takkanah DeRabanan?
Daylight Saving Time - forward or backward?
Did Esther eat at the first feast she made for the king and Haman?
Berakhos recited over food - Mitzvah or Matir?
Bible inerrancy and the Ashbaal→Ishboshet change
Biblical evidence for not eating bread on passover?
No Offense Loophole
How did Mordechai get *all* the Jews of Shushan to agree to fast for three days?
Looking for a source for well done Purim Torah Gemaras
Can a Brit Milah double as a Seudah for Purim?
Pronunciation of Esther's cousin's name. 
What was the biggest miracle in the time of the Megilla?
Why do we say "Ve'Atah Kadosh"?
Uvah Letzion schedule on Shabbos
So should be done unto the man
Why didn't Mordechai keep Mitzvos?
Im l'eit kazot higa'at lamalchut - mi yodeya?
What's an "achashvei"?
Siddur & chumash -- which gets stacked on top?
Where did Hamantashen come from?
What was daily life like for Jewish women living in al-Andalus in the 10th/11th centuries?
Wearing hats and Jackets
How to survive Purim
How to make amends for my previous mistakes?
Repeating shmoneh esreh after forgetting an insertion
Ending place of the Peya
Why didn't Mordechai keep Mitzvos -- serious edition
Multiplying negatives = 2 Bediavads
If a woman converts to Judaism while pregnant, will her child be a Jew?
Why are children given money on Purim?
Eating in less-religious homes
Kriyas Yam Suf and Naḥshon ben Amminadav
Tznius and B'not Noach
Godparents in Judaism
If a woman converts to Judaism while pregnant, will her child be eligible to marry a Kohen?
How could Haman see Gd's face and live?
What is the vowel associated with the letter “dalet” in the name “Aleph-Dalet-Nun-Yud”?
Why was Boaz obligated to make yibum to get the field
Jews vs gentiles: disputes
Why can't Ploni Almoni be a real name, in Ruth?
Why isn't Tanach regularly studied in many Yeshivot?
Interruption while listening to Megillat Esther
How to fold Esther's scroll
Moshe's Mask and Purim?
What was Moshe's "masveh"?
Why 1,000 generations of ungiven Torah, not X years?
What happened to Haman's money?
How to calculate 60 days from tekufat tishri for any given year?
Arba'a Vetish'im Umatayim - mi yodeya?
When we say "עַל צִיצִת הַכָּנָף" at which point do we kiss the tzitzis?
Is there any source for saying the first possuk of Shema quietly?
Throwing things out "respectfully"
Can you pray something that isn't true or (at least) that the petitioner doesn't believe to be true?
What happened to Chasidus?
Peeling vegetables on Pesach
Chance of revival of The Mishna Project?
Microwave on Pesach
Halachic sources on business ethics in a globalized industry?
Why do people get Chassidishe Shchita?
Figuring out a K'zayit by weight/volume of ingredients
Does instant coffee (regular - not decaffeinated) need a Hashgacha?
Understanding of Ps. 137 before the exile
Did Aharon speak Lashon Hara?
wearing a hat instead of a kipah
Mishkan before/after Egel (Rashi & Ramban)
Why, in double parshiyos, are the aliyos not simply combined in pairs?
Hamster Food and Chometz
What can I feed my elderly cat during Pesach?
Melachah on Shabbath - after Shabbath
Product of Melachah that wasn't really necessary, except that in the end it was
Song of the 5 Kings?
Why are these korbanos waved?
How much is Classical Hebrew (in which the Hebrew Bible is written) is different from the modern Hebrew?
What authority is there for the text of Kaddish Derabonon regarding the words וארעא,‎ טובים, and ברחמיו?
How do we operationally define kitniyos?
In Israel, what do you do if Isru Chag of Pesach is on Shabbat?
Why do we have a Ner Tomid in Shul and on what are modern designs based?
Eating faux-Matza Before Pesach
Source for not eating Matzah prior to פסח?
Why are some Shmura Matzos hard and some shmura matzos soft?
Combing the beard on Shabbos vs. weekday?
Different flour:oil ratios in the mincha sacrifices -- how did the dough stay together?
How is a kohen allowed to go outside Israel?
Advanced Seder Advice
Beginners' Seder Advice
Seder advice when with people who aren't interested?
Difficult phrases in the "Sale of Chametz" document
Marit ayin vs. Dan Lechaf zechut
Maccabees and God's interaction
What is the relation between transgressions punished with karet and those punished with death?
Was King David the head of the Sanhedrin?
Traditionalist evaluation of the "New American Haggadah"?
Chamisha Vetish'im Umatayim - mi yodeya?
Askinu Seudasa and Azamer Bishvachin before Kiddush
Why not "Vayikra Hashem"
How did they establish in the USA, post-WW II, that a Rav had smicha prior to the Holocaust?
Reasons for different minhagim regarding if and when to put tallit gadol over head?
How to avoid helping someone sin?
Lifnei 'Iver and your maybe-Jewish co-worker
Are these two urban legends about perceptions of God's help for Jews true?
What should I do about a fake convert?
What are the colors of the rainbow?
What color is Yarok?
Changing the spelling of "G-d" and Halachic erasure
Founders of Jewish movements
Why not say mishna (M'nachos 61) means to exclude R' Y'huda?
What is a good mussar/personal growth sefer for women?
Looking for Sefer שלחן המערכת by Rav Yishak Yosef Shelit"a
Is Hebrew the mother of all languages spoken today in the world?
Splitting up the rosh chodesh reading when another follows it
Why did Moshe Rabbeinu object to the mirrors, but not the kumaz?
Copies of Aleppo Codex
Facing Yerushalaim during Kaddish
Hand motions for trope in Torah reading
Where is the Pesach seder discussed in the Mishna?
What does שעטנז (sha'atnez) mean?
Why is the Tetragrammaton vowelized in Siddurim and in Sefarim?
Halakha book for modern working place
Adir Hu - mi yodeya?
Who should walk the Chosson and Kallah to the Chupa?
Shkiya/Netz behind a mountain
How are sorcery or witchcraft viewed in Judaism and Jewish Mysticism?
Which alphabet were the original Torah scrolls in?
How can we drink wine after the Afikomen?
bracha on tefillin while sitting
Yeshivat Sheim v'Eiver
How do you pray for a sick baby who has not yet been named?
How often did the average Israelite bring offerings to the temple?
Who was the קדוש מרדוש?
Why doesn't the second chapter of B'reishit begin at 2:4?
Is Aggadah the same thing as Midrash?
The order of Tehillim
Why does the second aliya of Vayeira start with the last verse of one topic and then change?
Are T're Asar split at all?
Root of the name Aharon
Who wrote Aleh Katan by Avraham Fried?
Abraham and Matzah
Why does the Gemara often mention that certain Amoraim were asleep?
Why does Moshe have a shalshelet?
Origin of Spilling Wine by 10 Plagues
Where can I get the full set of Shadal's commentary on the Torah?
Reaching out to our unaffiliated Jewish brethren
Must a publicly owned building be cleaned for Passover?
Shisha Vetish'im Umatayim - mi yodeya?
Sincerely wants to have Emunah?
Bedikas Chometz - why use a wooden spoon?
Tehilim HaChida - in the order of the Aleph Bais
What does Heimishe mean?
Why aren't Purim and Channuka considered a violation of לֹא תֹסִפוּ?
What makes something chametz?
Should a Jew who doesn't believe in G-d observe the commandments?
Which masechtot don't really have Rashi?
Receiving dishes from a Jew - toivel (immerse)?
Shir Hashirim - when there is no Shabbos Chol HaMoed Pesach
How to explain Matzah Shemurah in 18 minutes
Is it OK to eat non-certified-as-kosher sushi?
Matzah meal before פסח
Is one allowed to make Kneidlach when the last day of Pesach is Shabbos?
Why don't some people say Vihi Noam Motzei Shabbos of Shabbos Hagadol 5772?
Why isn't Ta'anit Bechorot pushed back to Thursday when Pesach falls out on Shabbas?
Koshering granite
Seeking Ramchal's Hoker u'MeKubal in English
Baking powder on Pesach
Halachic permissibility of a vasectomy
Is it permissible to be mechalel shabbos to save a fetus?
May a non-Jew have an abortion?
Must a jew-by-choice who is a firstborn observe the fast of the firstborn
Ashkenazim and Kitniyot on Erev Pesach
Is it prohibited to derive benefit from a mixture of milk and meat if the animal was improperly slaughtered?
How do you do bedikat chametz when you live alone?
Can I eat Kitniot?
Forbidden to eat while standing up?
At the seder, does everybody make kiddush?
Does one light candles by the Bima when not an Avel?
What is the preferable form of Biur Chametz?
Is Rum Kosher for Passover?
Best way to destroy (maaser sheni) coins
What is the minimum shiur for dehydrated maror?
Online resources for KFP products
When Israel and the diaspora are out of sync on parshiyot, why don't we take the first opportunity to re-align?
Tevilath Keilim in a creek or other natural body of water
Bracha on Cooked Matza
Deliberately planning to do work for the community on Chol HaMoed: Is it allowed?
Brands of KFP peanut butter in the US
Reason why women are obligated to eat Matza
Why can Sephardic Jews Eat Rice on Passover?
Is catch and release fishing permitted?
Last night *might* have been the first night of the omer. Right?
Tefillat Nedava on Yom Tov
Why did Hashem create the world?
Why "Sim shalom" at mincha on Shabas?
What happened to Zeresh (Haman's wife)?
Does golel for first torah stand for second torah?
Theology on evolution from khan academy
Source for the minhag of 'gebrokts'
What are the conditions for bread earning the bracha of HaMotzi?
Why does the 5th verse of "Yigdal", not mention prayer as does the 5th principle of faith of the Rambam?
What is the halachic source for the minhagim of mourning during Sefira?
Can I keep money that came into my possession on Shabbat/yom tov?
Inviting a non-observant Jew on Shabbat or Yom Tov
Seven Mitzvot of Benei Noach without Na'aseh veNishma
"Motzi Matzah" or "Motzi and Matzah" (separately)? Passover Seder
Skipped Halachot in the Tur/Shulhan Aruch
How do we explain how God told jews to treat Egyptian, Amalekites, and Nearby Nations that Simply Refuse to do Labors
Is the Haftarah a Minhag?
Why isn't Tefilat Mussaf consistent?
Is Yeast Extract OK to eat during Passover?
Source in Tosafos for playing ball on Yom Tov
Is the Magen HaElef Sefaradi or Ashkenazi?
Matzah Shemurah on the 8th day of Pesaḥ (in the Diaspora)
Why do they replace one טל for another in shmoneh esre in Israel?
When is it permitted to eat hametz when Pessach ends on Erev Shabbat?
Matzah the entire week
Why "amen" before repeating the b'racha on Halel
Is seeing the fire a requirement for havdala?
Leniencies for someone keeping Kosher in a non-Kosher home
May musicians practice their instruments during Sefirah?
Selling Seforim to Gentiles Online
What is the purpose of the doubled lines at the end of hallel?
Where can I find a list of differences between the Aleppo Codex and Ashkenazi texts?
If someone has BO and can't smell themselves, may they say blessings?
Wearing a toupee
Does anyone know where one can buy a hebrewbooks harddrive?
Academic review of Steinsaltz Gemara
Is one allowed to listen to music during Pesach?
"HagGomel" and Sefer Torah
Why is it customary to bow at certain points when saying kaddish?
Why do we say באהבה twice in ותתן לנו on Shabbos of Yom Tov?
How were men allowed to watch an execution?
What is the danger in cutting fingernails in order?
When did the Ashkenazi custom to bake matza on erev Pesach afternoon start?
When did the Ashkenazi custom to NOT bake matza on Pesach start?
Is one allowed to eat foods that were grown from non-kosher materials?
Bowing for oseh shalom
What happens if the non-Jew the chometz was sold to dies?
Bitul BeRov - the classic case in real life
Counting the Omer non-verbally
Why are the words "mezuzos" written differently in the Torah (Rashi)?
Difference between Yegiah and Hipus
Do non-Jews inherit?
Does every Jew know his tribe?
What's the difference between "Jew", "Israelite" and "Judaizer"?
Is it true that there was a time when Jews believed in the existence of several Gods instead of just One?
Grammatical quirk in Yoda-esque sentences
Why do we sing Chad Gadya and Echad Mi Yodea at the seder?
Seeking sources about the necessity for finding a מנין
Which seforim did you use when learning for Rabbinic Semicha
Arabic and Angels
Tazria haftara for M'tzora and vice versa?
What is the source of the additions before תתקבל צלותהון, יהא שלמא, עושה שלום in Kaddish Tiskabel?
Fasting on Modern Days of Mourning
Why usury or interest on loan is illegal within Jews and legal for non-Jews
Are there cases where you are allowed to swear to G-d?
Are coupons for Chometz - Chometz?
Are coupons for Chometz - Chometz? II
Why isn't Half Hallel called "85 percent hallel"?
Does the status "mal v'lo taval" apply to women?
Timtum Halev not b'derech achila
Shema in Musaf Kedushah - Source and reason
A year with eight Sh'minis is plenteous?
How did Shaul consult the Urim and Tumim?
Shiv'a Vetish'im Umatayim - mi yodeya?
Young boys returning Chumashim after Torah reading
Posuk (Breishis 24:1) said after the end of Hallel on Rosh Chodesh
non jews and wearing a yarmulka
Sharp sword on the throat
Time-frame for naming a newborn girl
Birkat Kohanim at a late Musaf
Can we say the "Adir bamarom" prayer after the prayer which we say instead of "Birkat Kohanim"?
Destruction of the world after 1000 years of Moshiach?
What is the Real Alter Rebbe Ksav?
Minimal Body Covering to say Blessings
Calling a father Abba, when his name is Abba
Saying Baruch Shepatrani for a girl
If borchu of maariv is before plag hamincha and the amida after plag, is this “tartei desasrei” – two contradictory acts?
When there are four aveilim (mourners), Is it better to have one minyan of 40 people or 4 minyonim of ten each?
All you need is love?
American Idol and HaMalbin Pnei Ḥavero BeRabim
Shemona Vetish'im Umatayim - mi yodeya?
Why no procedure with birds, etc., for clothing tzaraas?
Should I say "amen" to a malformed bracha?
Clothing and shame, etymologically speaking
Connection between the metzora's purification and the Four Species of Sukkos?
Wheelchair-bound and matir asurim, zokef kefufim?
How were coins that were destined for the Dead Sea managed?
Dancing on Yom Haatzmaus
Working with Conservative Jews
Which challah does one cut on a Shabbas yom tov?
Why is a "leper" allowed to sit with other "lepers"?
Correct Niqqud for ואטהר in Sefira Nusach
Yumatu and the plural in Dev 24
Davening with an Egalitarian Minyan
Dancing during kidush levana on sefiras haomer
Why does smashing an earthenware vessel resolve the problem of the absorbed material of a cooked offering which has gone beyond its time limit?
Answering amen to a post-nightfall mincha
The difference between צדיקים and חסידים
Were Maftir Honors in 19th Century different from today?
What is the minhag followed in the Bnei Tzion Siddur?
Is one allowed to ask another to kasher his items that may get damaged when kashered?
What constitutes an acceptable barrier so that another person can pass by someone saying the Amidah?
Bar Mitzva boy taking haircut in Sefira
Does Jewish law forbid Internet usage?
Removing mezuzah spoils doorpost
Some years have a siman, what does it mean?
Preparing the Beitzah for the Seder Plate
Why a Beitzah on the Seder Plate?
Hardboiled eggs and salt water at the Seder
The, um, Seder of the Seder
A site to search Kosher Symbols by characteristics?
Who reads the Haggadah?
Gigantic Tiger Fish - Is it Kosher?
Merit and Ein Mazal L'Yisrael
What happened to Rabbi Akiva's money?
Being a houseguest in a non-frum or non-Jewish home
In a non-Jewish youth hostel, is it problematic to stay in a mixed-gender dorm instead of a male-only one?
Can steam make one Fleishigs?
Speaking Yiddish vs. the host language at home
Is swordfish Kosher?
Cooking meat and milk as a chef
What is the source of the Birkat Habayit?
Does kosher mean healthy?
What is the level of "Divrei Kabbalah"?
Prenatal testing
Why do we write the number 16 as tet + zayin?
If masturbation is so bad, why is it not in list of 613 Mitzvos?
Women and Tefillah - per the Rav
If a Beis Din Makes a Mistake When Calculating Kiddush HaChodesh, Does it Count?
Does closing a browser with His name count as a sin?
What does R' Shimon mean when he "Expounds the reason of a verse"?
Don't pass bread hand to hand: whose hand?
When and why do we cover thumbs?
Why is "Kedoshim tihyu" (Lev. 19) interposed between the chapters about illicit relations?
What is Zimri's sin?
Bar Mitzvah before Circumcision?
Is Sex Outside Marriage Still a Sin After the Invention of Paternity Tests?
English Translation of Rabbi Y. Salanter's Igeret ha-Musar?
What's up with Rabbi Shimon ben Nesanel in Avos 2:10?
Source for Categorization of Matter
Does Judaism consider virginity to be a virtue?
Why do Fish not need Shechita?
English Translation of Rabbi Chaim Volozhin's Nefesh ha-Chaim?
Bread between fish and meat requires hamotzi?
May one recite a bracha while in the presence of ervah?
What are "universal minimum" standards of tznius for halachic purposes?
Would a baalat teshuva need a get from each previous sexual relationship?
Tish'a Vetish'im Umatayim - mi yodeya?
The meaning of the Hebrew word Pe'as (פאת)
Should "Shalom" be treated like a name of God?
Maris Ayin when nobody knows you're Jewish
Where did the Jews send the goat "for Azazel" while in the desert?
Where are the 5 corners of the beard?
Imagine a non-Jewish hostel has a male and a female dorm. Does yichud allow me to sleep in the male dorm?
What is the proof that HaShem's purpose in creation was to bestow good?
Goshen, the most immoral part of Mitzrayim
Why not focus on halacha in elementary education?
Sheitels or no sheitels - where is the halacha?
Kiddush on Bread: When to Wash?
Matza on 14 Iyar
Beracha on Intravenous
Must one go according to his/her opinion (leshitato)?
Is there a custom to color eggs on Lag Baomer?
When did Ruth convert?
What is a "Rabbi Meir Bal Hanes" tzedaka?
In maariv for 2nd night Shavuos לא תגנוב means “do not steal” and not “do not kidnap.” Why?
Shelosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Are women forbidden from Teaching Gemara\Talmud?
Moshe talking to the Mizbeach?
What does "rov am hadrat melech" mean?
Flying and sorcery
Counting Sheloshim for a chol hamoed death
the tangled web of prophecy
Final Nun vs. Final Mem in "Madlikin"
What to wear when being oleh l'regel?
What coin is this?
Was there a GOLEM?
What are the 30 Mitzvot for Bnei Noach?
What happened to the rest of masechet Meilah -- it ends at 22a but the daf yomi calendar says it goes to 37?
Where do chazal refer to rus and naomi as birds?
Can you say "Lag Baomer" before counting Sefirah?
What halachot does an American traveling to Israel have to be made aware of?
mating prevention as Tza'ar Ba'alei Chayim
Paying bill for aveirah already done
Do Jews need to care about non-jewish homosexuality?
Can a Minor Convert Effect Yayin Nesach?
Would a gentile child that sees/touches wine make it into Yayin Nesech?
Chad Gadya: The price of a kid goat
halacha of reporting a Jew to the (non-jewish) authorities
Why do the Leviim wash the hands of the Kohanim when they go up to bless the people?
Shimi Ben Geira was Shlomo's Teacher?
How can we get people to stop talking (much, loudly) during minyan?
Heretics in the bathroom
What is the source for the mitzvah of kiruv?
Giving charity to someone about whom the giver knows nothing?
an adult's responding to a child's sneeze with a blessing, or vice versa
Comparison of Lexica: BDB and Strong's Hebrew
Yichud at night, if both of the woman's parents are home
Why does shabbat start at different times at different places?
Do JONAH and similar organizations successfully help those with same-gender attractions?
Does anyone know of a public domain recording of Tanakh chapters or verses?
Parsha reading gap between Israel and overseas
Why does "בני ישראל" sometimes include גרים and sometimes not?
How does Judaism deal with God and paradoxes?
Is throwing out challah you were mafrish a violation of bal tashchit?
Sadducees and Karaites - same beliefs?
Why only 100 zuz to a widow/divorcee?
What are the halachot when finding a Sefer Torah on the floor?
Sefer Torah in reshus harabim
What is the status of a married woman without a kesuba?
Prounciation - IM vs YIM? with ים ending
Following minhag of tzitzit in vs. out
Are conservative, reform and those "off the derech" part of 'amcha'?
May one consume peyote?
What are the halachot of identity theft or misrepresentation online?
Where do matza bakers find flour that's definitely never gotten wet?
Why do mourning practices surrounding suicide differ from Shulchan Aruch?
how do you pronounce the soft reish?
Are you culpable for things done under hypnosis?
Are the airuv rav compared to tza'ras?
How do you pronounce Hashem's name when there is a prefix?
What Blessing Does One Make on a Solar Eclipse?
Limits on Shikhiha Leket and Peah
Do Sefardim keep Rashi time or Rabbeinu Tam time?
Intonation of questions in ancient Hebrew
Why is hair sometimes considered *erva* (nakedness) but sometimes not?
Smicha from R' Zalman Nechemia Goldberg?
How does laughing confuse the Satan?
Why do we cover the challot on Shabbos?
Must a woman cover her hair during childbirth?
Making two brachos at once
Convert that had children prior to conversion
What is the kaf hakelah
Boruch Shem Kevod Malchuso L'Olam Voed after saying Hashem's name in error - ברוך שם כבוד מלכותו לעולם ועד
How historically accurate is Josephus?
Are there any concerns about levitical cities today?
Presents on shabbas
Should people not say Vidui before Tachanun?
Can you kasher earthenware or porcelain utensils?
What if Kiddush was forgotten on Leil Shabbat?
Drinking the wine that spills over the cup during Kiddush
Is it permitted to eat dirt?
How sick does someone have to be to be put on "the cholim list"?
Can you learn during chazarat hashatz?
What is the reason for V-neck Titzis?
Jewish Status of the Patriarch's Wives?
Which Chasidic group departed the least from Ashkenazi minhag and nusach?
Differences between siddurim of the same nusach
How to conduct a musical havdalah service?
Can a man remove hair?
HaMalach HaGoel Osi
Is there a deeper significance of squares and cubes?
What is the origin and meaning of the prayer “Koh Kaili” said before Musaf on Chagim?
When was the Sifre redacted?
Ma Inyan Shmitta Eitzel Har Sinai?
Why does Vayikra 25:3 repeat "שש שנים"?
What siddur do Satmerer Chasidim use?
Is there still yibum if executed by beis din?
Why does Ezekiel describe the maneh as 20 + 25 + 10 + 5 shekels instead of just saying 60?
Why does the Yom Kippur service seem to reenact Abraham's treatment of his sons?
How far does Chaticha Naaseh Neveila go?
Non-Trivial Pursuit: וְנַסְתֶּם וְאֵין-רֹדֵף אֶתְכֶם
Punishment in this World or in the World To Come
Prediction of the destruction of the Beis Hamikdash - seemingly out of place
Did the Terumas haDeshen write a challah recipe?
Why didn't they call her Mara?
Is the sefer Toldos Yeshu accepted in the yeshiva circles?
Is a metzorah oleh l'regel?
Would Israel's sibling nation do Yibbum?
P'nei Eretz Yisrael, P'nei Shabbat Kodesh?
Why does M'nachos 61:2 have only three of six kal vachomer arguments?
Why do people say "God" in English and not "Gosh"?
Can a woman drink the Kos Shel Bracha?
Which sephardic groups forbid eating rice during Pesach and why?
Does the act of masturbation cause a change in one's spiritual/religious status vis-a-vis what he may and may not do?
Which books help one acquire a systematic understanding of Biblical Hebrew grammar?
Permissibility of speaking foreign languages?
What was wrong with the word Talmud?
What is the typical course for dayanut?
Can the word "eitz" mean "a thought" in the Torah?
What is the Halachah if someone lost an object despite efforts to protect it?
Plastic gloves in Halacha
Do you have the right to burn your own books?
Contemporary rabbinic views on social pressure to get people to do Mitzvoth
What is the origin of hazak u'baruch?
What possible Kashrus concerns may exist with these vitamins?
Bracha on cheesecake
What is the bracha on "cookies and cream" flavor ice cream?
What is the point of having a rapist marry the woman he raped?
Echad ushlosh meyot - mi yodeya?
Piyutim in the Scroll
Non-Jews and kosher wine
Can a kohen be a mamzer?
Traditional review of Heschel's "Torah min HaShamayim"
How to learn Amidah, Shma and others?
What is the point of the luchos if they are never even taken out of the aron?
How do I calculate the latest time to start the third Shabbos meal on erev Yom Tov?
Explanation of a part of Azamer B'Shvochim
Why do we sit in the sukkah in the autumn?
Boiling over a pot to extinguish burners on Yom Tov?
Who was Nehorai?
Is a Jew allowed to be knighted? Problem with kneeling?
Can a mother undress in front of her daughter?
Source online for the melody of "yetziv pisgom" said in the Haftorah for second day Shavous
How do we know that we have free will?
Can the daughter of two people who could not marry a Cohen marry a cohen?
Source of shabbat evening kiddush text?
How old is the custom to eat dairy on Shavuos?
What's with Rus sleeping over with Boaz?
Upon whom would one make this blessing?
Who is worthy of reciting the blessing "שנתן מחכמתו לבשר ודם" on?
Milk and 'Ever Min HaḤai
If a convert's parents convert to Judaism, do they become his halachic parents?
Could someone who has committed a heinous crime convert to Judaism?
How can the prohibition against murder be reconciled with capital punishment in the Torah (mitath beth din)?
Are there any hechshers that certify food as kosher for B'nei Noach?
Maintaining Tzniut in Uncomfortable Social Situations
The father's or mother's name in the "Ribbono Shel Olam" (Yom Tov)
Where in Tanach is Shavuot associated with Matan Torah?
Hand movements when lighting shabbat candles
Why do we count years from the date of Creation?
Was Naaman tamei from tzaraas?
Prosthetic limbs in halacha
Do you have to do netilat yadayim for a brief waking?
"There is a son born to Naomi"? But it's a grandson -- what's up with that?
Understanding "The Bruriah Incident"
Why do we read from Yechezekel on Shavuos and Yeshayahu on Parshas Yisro?
Marovis on Yom Tov
What was so bad about stealing the carpenter's wife?
Is there a source that obliges attendance at a shiur after say several years of attendance?
Brachos and Amen "parties"
Is all-night Shavu'ot learning as prevelant in the Southern Hemisphere?
Up part of the night on Shavuos
Who knows of a online siddur that is not vocalized?
Buying products from store that sells avodah zarah?
Is the way of the torah pleasant or painful?
From the Torah itself how do we know that various names of God points to the same God?
Walking during "l'dor va'dor"
Resources for learning Hebrew from scratch?
What is the source for Mesirath Nefesh being a virtue?
Why doesn't Chabad read Ruth on Shavuot?
Selling a house to a non Jew
STa"M on which children disagree
Is the hadran a shevua?
What is Shevirat Hakeilim?
How to write "Isaiah 41,10" in Hebrew?
Can one take any money offered to him?
What are some practical things we can do to bring Moshiach?
Is there a source that the Messiah can die and return?
How can I curb my sexual desire?
What was the purpose of Nachshon's sin-offering?
Marital Prenups
Is the idea that there is always at least one illness with an unknown cure - a Jewish idea?
Are these the same color: Yarok vs. Karti?
Are marital relations on Friday nights a "double mitzvah"?
Shemona Esrei - why do we not Daven anywhere for our children?
Does an ivory spoon make hot tea non-kosher?
Did people ever place actual physical stumbling blocks before the blind?
How were זכור and שמור said together?
How can I stop spacing out during davening?
Why does a Torah have 2 poles and a Megillah have 1?
How does one proceed at a stand-up Kiddush?
Eruv around towns for the purpose of carrying
Replies to "l'chayim"
Does one have to return the specific bills that one stole?
Are marriages on yom tov recognized if all other halacha is observed?
What if there's a Minyan of Aveilim?
Pronunciation of Tere ta’ame
Why is there a Vuv with a Patach in וַיִּקְרָא?
Can a convert serve as a dayan?
The "Sign of the Horns" and 'Avodah Zarah
Are there any ill-effects for mis-directed prayers?
Aufruf and Shabbat Chatan?
How was Rabbi Yochanan allowed to walk with his son's bone?
Correct version of pasuk about wisdom
Why don't we say Hagomel after driving through a desert?
How to pray for a Gentile?
Which of Moshe Chaim Luzzatto's works influenced Chassidut, Mussar, and Haskalah?
Was Og responsible to follow the commandments for B'nei Noach?
Is Gezel Hager a Knas?
Midrashim That Contain Elements That are Against Nature
Bracha for the transit of Venus?
Late sunset times and Jewish observance
When did Rus bring a korban?
Bowing to the floor on Yom Kippur
Is there an exhaustive list of astronomical/environmental events for which there are blessings?
Is there a point of wearing a talis that does not require tzitzis?
Safek yehareg v'al yaavor
Does p'shat explain everything?
Does anyone have a proof text that animals *don't* have spirits?
Was the tana Rebbi Meir blind?
Why make a bracha on an earthquake but not on an eclipse?
Chatzi LaHashem
Why was Chassidus controversial?
Sarah's treatment of Hagar and Ishmael
Is the passage describing an approximation of pi or is it one of the miracles of Bais Hamikdash?
Hilchot Shchita for the Binding of Isaac
Good and Bad Omen - on something that can be calculated in advance
Wearing no head-covering?
Wearing clothes backwards or inside out?
Colored underwear during seven clean days
How can people who dress in "only" black lead tefillah, the Mishna warns us against those "machmir" about colors?
What can a pregnant woman do if she already stepped on nails?
Why is there so much space and matter,etc. in the universe?
Understanding discouragement of converts
Why are Isaac and Rivka in Shochen Ad
Are bells on toys muktzeh?
Bells on Sefer Torah
Bird droppings invalidating location for prayer?
Why did Pharaoh try to kill Moshe?
Rational approaches to superstitious ideas
Permissibility of removing wisdom teeth
Are non-Jews/gentiles permanent slaves to Jews in Olam Habah?
G-d's Name in Fridge Magnets (Erasing)
What's with the foreskin?
Why aren't Yemenites an ed echad on locusts?
Halachic status of kamut
Why doesn't a ben niddah acquire the status of a mamzer?
Mesorah exchange between communities
Why do we still do chazarat hashatz?
Fasting for non Religious Reasons?
Upper limits of "kovea itim"
Can you sing during the sheva brachos?
Kevias Ittim Vs. the General Mitzva of Talmud Torah
Ban on Shabas fasts derived from lechem hapanim?
Was divrei kabalah practiced before the nevi'im?
Reading secular books on shabbat?
Was it ever the norm for children to get married?
Language of a ketubah for marriage
Published Ladino version of Meam Lo'ez?
Why did Aharon request that Hashem declare Miriam pure?
When did Ben Azzai die?
When may one do a Hechi Kedushah?
Did God create color in Genesis?
Why is Hashem's name attached to only some of His accomplishments in Tehillim 146?
Psalm 145: Which Person?
Why is the Sefer Shmuel called Shmuel?
List of Kavanot for ANA BE-KHOACH
Qumran - Proof or Genizah for Errors?
Names of the books of Tanakh
Temple mount: wall around court of the gentiles?
Changing someone else's name
Why are the Meraglim in that order?
Who killed Shaul?
Does casual sex establish a marriage?
Why didn't Yehoshua give a good report immediately?
Saving a Jew's life on Shabbos if s/he does not observe Shabbos
Proper recitation of Hamakom Yenachem
What Should One Do If He Forgot to Say "VeYiten Lekha" on Saturday Night
Why isn't there confirmation outside the Reform Movement?
What is the kiss of death?
Why in judaism - when discussing the Torah - do I see a lot of answers referring to writings of different Rabbis?
Did Noah's ark have a deck?
Are Jewish women permitted to use birth control that stops menstruation?
Praying at Amukah = Finding a mate. Since when?
If a person voids a purchase/sale, what happens to the Bracha?
Where can I buy kosher Tefillin scrolls?
Are there required "ritual/daily" prayers in Judaism?
Does G-d only hear one language?
Why did Moses send spies who were leaders?
Can an Alien convert to Judaism?
Why couldn't the Jews do Teshuva by the incident of the spies?
Ohr HaChaim on Redemption because of Torah
In a city with many shuls, how much loyalty do I owe to the shul of which I am a member?
Why are modern conversions valid?
When/where did the practice of "recycling" names begin?
What are the requirements of a men's mikva?
What is the halachic status of today's modern bathrooms?
How would anyone ever "worship idols out of love or fear"?
Is there a spiritual meaning to wearing a Kippah?
Beis Shammai's dinar for kiddushin - philosophy?
May an individual become jew?
May converts migrate to Israel?
Pirkei Avos on shabbos during mincha?
בְּתוֹךְ and בְּקֶרֶב are used in different places and both translated "in the midst"; what's the difference?
Does bagged lettuce need a hechsher?
Tefilin with obstruction on hand
Preparing to learn daf yomi Yerushalmi
Making a origami creation on shabbos?
Song while dressing the Torah
Why Say "Ad Meah v'Esrim" ("Until 120") if Moshiach is Coming?
Can someone kindly explain the Malachi 3. 23 -24?
Wearing Tefillin the Wrong Way
Tearing keriyah for ladies mourning in public
Tfilat ha-Derekh "ותחזירנו לשלום"
Is God swayed by popular appeal?
How to check your own Shaatnez
Zohar vs. Yerushalmi
Post-Korach altar cover: how was it made and used?
Reason why the name Ben Tziyon is a Segula for a long life
Do you have to pay if you damage someone in order to stop them from sinning?
What are the rules for ain mukdam umeuchar?
Emotional abuse between spouses in Judaism?
Is it heresy to follow secular dating on the destruction of the first Temple?
Is tzedakah money fungible if someone gives to me to give to another?
Why do we give tzedakah money to someone to pass along in Israel?
Reconciling the Torah and history regarding the Jews' response to reward and punishment
When does one become considered shomer shaboss?
I suspect I must do something, but don't want to. Must I check into the halacha?
Speaking while wearing Tefillin - revisited
Standing up at the Chuppa when the Kallah passes by
How do Rishonim argue on Drashos Chazal?
Touching the opposite gender by way of an object
Is There a Halachah that Forbids Eating While Learning?
On What Subjects Does One Say Birchas HaTorah?
Is one allowed to cut olives or grapes on Shabbos?
Mincha after plag hamincha without minyan
When is one allowed to eat a fruit from Eretz Yisroel without giving trumah?
Do hookahs need to be Toiveled?
fruit-flavored tobacco Kashrut
Honor of old people vs. honor of parents
Jewish views on patriotism/nationalism
Can one join an army?
What to do after interrupting Shemoneh 'Esreh
Bracha on Smoking
Ice-cream scoop on Shabbos
Is one allowed to drink alcohol on regular weekdays?
Decorative food plating on Shabbath
Is there value in gender-adapted names?
Halacha of Yichud with half sibling
Why were some of the works of Rabbi Steinsaltz banned?
May one use the name of an avodah zara?
Why do we still blow shofar during mussaf?
Best way to translate "קא"
Can you bowl on shabbos?
Why did God give the Rabbis so much power?
Shnayim Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Should you show preference to a Jew/ Jewish establishment?
where was the ark of the covenant during the time of the judges?
Can a man and woman with the same name marry each other?
Does the Levi who washes the hands of the Kohanim have to be over bar mitzvah?
How to respond to excessive talking in a synagogue
Davening with a Hat and Jacket or Tefila BeSibur
Davening Chazaras Hashatz after minyan
What makes something "worthy of being honored"?
Online English Rashi (Talmud)
What is the "book of the law" mentioned in Joshua 1?
Who is the voice of Tosafoth?
Efshar LeSoḥato Asur - because or even though?
Can you explain the concept of "Yichus"?
Ve-dibarta BAM? or bam?
Amalekim's disguise as Canaanites in Chukas
The concept of קם ליה בדרבה מיניה
Tevila on mouthwash cup
Are there two things from which kares can cut one off?
What is the logical explanation for קם ליה בדרבה מיניה?
Are you allowed to quit your job?
May one use a Sephardic Torah in an Ashkenaz minyan?
Transfer of taste to/from non-food items
Heating non-food items on Shabbath
What is the status of a library loan?
May an Ashkenazi wear Yemenite Tzitzith?
Can an Ashkenazi write a Sephardi Torah?
How does one dispose of Tzitzis?
First year counted from creation
Ata Chonantanu after havdala
Why do we say havdala if we already said ata chonantanu?
Why extinguish the havdala candle in wine?
The case of the missing Maharsha (Sota 49, BK 82, M'nachos 64)
Why name but five creations?
Are there unforgiveable sins?
Can you destroy a spider web on Shabbos?
Free will a prerequisite for punishment?
Doing "Hoiche Kedushah" for Shacharit
What did it mean for Saul to make David's father's house free?
Converting a baby - When to do Circumcision
What is the red string all about?
Depiction of the Menorah, the *Shulchan* and *Kadosh HaKadoshim* on ancient coins?
Are cholim obligated to please their wives?
Nusach of Tefilas Geshem
Tearing kriyah at the Kotel ha-Maaravi after visiting on Shabbat
Should I be shuckling?
Why do different people have different levels of mitzvah obligation?
Does attending a regular shiur take precedence over leading the prayers on a Yahrzeit?
Can one follow the Mishnah Berurah without asking a shaila?
Parasha named after Balak?
Delousing on Shabbat (- Mishna, Shabbat 1:3)
Did Bilaam have free will?
Shelosha Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Non-Jews Tending to Abandoned Cemeteries
Does a French Press Shoulder Nut Require Tevila?
Why does the Mishna not follow its own advice?
Shalom Aleichem to angels?
Does Baruch HaShem Le'Olam (Ma'ariv; Ashkenazi) count as Birchoth Keriath Shema'?
What is the Jewish view on creating an army to defend ourselves against armies?
English translation of Sefer Machaneh Ephrayim
English translation of Rambam's Moreh Nevuchim (Maimonides' Guide for the Perplexed) on the Internet?
Midrashim concerning Balaam?
Is human flesh considered fleishik?
Why kiss Tzitzith?
Why is it Ok to have tzizit without techelet?
Why is braiding hair "building"?
Why not determine how long to wait between meat and milk using science?
The essence of a thing is in its Hebrew name?
How do you do the 3 steps back (forward) before/after Amidah
Blackout restoration on Shabbath - and your food
What does the /shin/ marker (like Petucha/Setuma) at the end of Torah books mean?
Why does the gemora in Manachot 38b  interupt its own flow of conversation?
Making a Berachah on rabbinically prohibited foods
Bentching after accidentally eating prohibited foods
Text for birchat habayit
Are there meforshim on perek shira?
Fasting during Sheva Brachos when the fast is pushed off
Animal rights vs other considerations in halacha and hashkafa
Reasons for the laws of the prayers in Aramaic
Where does the comma go in the Birkas Kohanim, and why?
When do the restrictions of 3 weeks start when 17 Tammuz is on Shabbos?
Midrash on children and the letter shapes?
Shomronim (Samaritans) and Sheviit
Where to affix a second Mezuzah?
Davening Mincha with their Mariv
How does one define illness?
Is a quarry a kosher mikva?
Is it allowed to prepare for maariv after Shabbos during the rabbinic tosefes Shabbos?
May one allow children to play in water on minor fasts?
Is one allowed to go to a standup comedy show during the 3 weeks?
Is one allowed to go to a stand up comedy show?
Does the cherem that the Vilna Gaon put on certain sectors of Chassidus still apply?
Were the Cities of Refuge ever built?
Are there any nuschaos which drop one of the closing phrases when עננו is said in שמע קולנו?
Changing the 'Omer sign
Is it acceptable to use software which incidentally blocks ads?
Is it permitted to be upset after your favourite soccer team lost an important match?
Is Pinchas of Balak/Pinchas same Pinchas as Shoftim?
Dead Fly on Hot Oily Pan
Falling behind during selichos
Can there be a Minyan of lepers?
Why was Shimshon viewed positively?
Why isn't Shimson's mother named?
Tattling on fellow Mi Yodeyans
How can you quit a habit of visiting inappropriate websites?
Does halacha require me to install ad-blocker software?
Splitting up Shacharis between two Chiyuvim
Why was Chanah called an "Ishah Kesheirah"?
Criteria for the list of Nashim Kesheiros (Medrash Breishis Rabsi)
Was Judaism ever a proselytizing religion?
What are the limits of "music"?
What is the meaning of the first beracha of shema?
Should I do an easy chore if an overweight parent requests it?
Were there more than seven prophetesses?
Why does the census "of all who are able to go forth to war" include a few women?
Source that martyrs don't feel pain?
How to reconcile conflicting statements on martyrs feeling pain
Learning words from the servants of Rebbi
Don't Put a Needle in Bread? (What is the Taz referring to?)
UvLechtecha VaDerech? With Kavanah?
Source for "Ein Mazal B'Yisroel"
Transfer of loan / mortgage from non-Jew to Jew
Should Shaul have killed Yonasan?
Does Kiddushin 81b imply that one opinion allows for suicide if that is the only way to keep from sinning?
How did a virgin decide upon her marriage in Israel 2000 years ago?
Father being Matir Neder for himself: does it affect the family?
9 be-Av on Shabbos
Where can one get the Pri Yitzchak, a text discussing the 613 Mitzvot
Yael vs Esther comparison
Tasting the meaty Shabbos food on erev Shabbos Chazon: can one swallow?
Can I free a trapped wild animal on shabbat?
May one give a child a Meat meal on Erev Shabbos Chazon if they are always served on Erev Shabbos a meat meal?
Jews were on 49th level of Tumah. Says who?
Why was Rabbi Isaac Luria called "G-dly"?
The history behind the composition and inclusion of V'lo N'tato
When did "Zal" give way to "Zatzal"?
What historical figures have been identified as 'Amalek?
Who is the last prophet in Judaism?
Is it still tzedakah if it is returned?
Which rabbis permit food being kosher just based on the ingredients?
How do we calculate 100 shofar blasts?
Formulation of name(s) when praying for non-Jews
How can R' Yochanan derive from Moshe that wealth is needed in order for someone to have G-d's presence rest on him?
Why was Kozbi not an eshes yefas toar?
VeNiShmartem - Positive or Negative?
Contradiction in the Shulchan Aruch Harav
Does one need to perform a delayed brit milah at the first possible time?
Is it Halachically wrong to avoid the rabbi's sermon?
Electronic communication immediately before wedding
The value of the daily study of Chitas (Chumash, Tehilim, Tanya)?
Killing all of 'Amalek - Mitzvah or Reshuth?
Freshly laundered clothes in the nine days
What are the sources of Jewish law?
Drinking socially during the Three Weeks
Is "You Shall Choose Life" ever interpreted literally?
What do the sources say about internalising the loss of the Beis HaMikdosh?
Birkat hamazon w/ cup of wine Vs. Prohibition on wine during shavua shechal bo
Can a non-Jew don tefillin?
In the גמרא when should I read 'לך' as 'לְךָ' and when should I read it as 'לָךְ'?
How strong was Midian's army?
Why is wine poured by a non-Jew forbidden?
Is wine left in a bottle poured by non-Jews really permitted*?
multiple versions for Baruch She'amar
Cutting hair when Rosh Hodesh Av is a Friday
Does a child own what he's implicitly given by his parents?
Can a Mezuzah be given to a respectable and trustworthy non-Jew?
Should parents honor their children?
Aharon's and Miriam's Yahrtzeit
What kind of kippah is this?
Doggie "Kisses" on Tisha b'Av when Rechitza (Washing) is Forbidden
When did people stop getting Tazra'as?
Wiping hands on Tisha b'Av
What's wrong with 'Hip Hip Hooray'?
Laundering clothes before the 9 days
Jarchi = Rashi?
Does 'Levi-' as half of a surname indicate a family of Levites?
Cryonics in Judaism
Frozen clothes during the Nine Days
Source for story of Rashi, the King, and the Four Horsemen
Shir HaMa'aloth or 'Al Naharoth Bavel on Rosh Hodesh Av?
Sheidim after the Baal Shem Tov
When do Sefardim start mourning in a year that Tisha B'av is postponed until Sunday?
Why does the Torah switch around the order of annulling vows in the summary?
Nine days new tie
What influences and books do modern Jews read today is it as it is said in the encylopedias? please help
Rosh Chodesh Av versus the rest of the 9 days?
How can we strengthen belief in the coming of Moshiach and the end of our exile?
The power of a seudat mitzvah to obviate minhagei aveilus
Ostrich eggs in Shul?
Slaughtering during the nine days nowadays
Sha'atnez and small children
Is Chazaq Chazaq v'nitchazeq חזק חזק ונתחזק an interruption for the reader? 
"Oyoyoy" a hefsek?
Transliteración de la Amidá en Español - Transliteration of the Amidah into Spanish
May one "use the facilities" outdoors on shabbat?
Meat Flavor during the nine days
Rice in a salt shaker
Do the customs in regards to *Yud Av* apply to *Yud-Aleph Av* on a year when the fast is pushed off?
42 camps and 42 non-refuge Levite cities (Masei)
Modern Maaser and Terumah
Early Shabbos during 9 days
Promised to name son Shimon - now husband is Shimon?
Paskening from Talmud vs. Shulchan Arukh
"Silk-Screened" Sifrei Torah
Abridged Birkat HaMazon - Online?
Learning the shapes of the letters as a Baal Koreh
Shomronim and Halakha
Pronunciation of מסכתא (tractate)
Eating after Kiddush Friday Night without Motzi?
Bechor Shor (Ribash) on the Nachash Nechoshet (Copper Snake) of Parshat Chukas
Sefer Milhamot Hashem - from Bamidbar 21:14
Going into Reform Synagogues
Davening late rather than never?
Is a Kohen required to marry a virgin?
Permissible laundry during the 9 days
Invitation to nonkosher restaurant
What are the possible reasonable meanings of "Love thy neighbor"?
Will Tisha B'Av be pushed off in the future?
Pirkei Avos on Shabbos Tisha B'Av
Having dessert "in mind"
Making a Siyum on major sections of learning but not a codified unit
Dirt and Kashruth
Attending a Siyum virtually
May one have augmentative cosmetic surgery?
Which beis din can declare items Hefker?
If you have problems fasting, what should you do on Tishá BeAv?
what are the origins of the requirement for a minyan?
May a person give his father a haircut?
etymology of "Bnei Blial"
Da' Mah LeHashiv vs. teaching Torah to non-Jews
What are the halachot of Chanukat Habayit?
Grammatical function of Emet te'amim?
Differences between RaMbaM and RaMbaN's mitzvah count
Does Midrash count as Torah sheBichtav (Written Torah)?
What bracha would the fruit of a parasitic plant be? (Or the plant itself.)
Og's bed made of iron
Masada - heroic martyrdom or immoral murder/suicide?
Why do some people oppose Tav haYosher?
Publisher prohibiting purchaser from sharing
Purchasing meat during the 9 days
Is there Kibbud to grandparents after the parent is niftar?
Which city in English-speaking Canada has classes for Judaism converts?
Source for meaning of parasha break in Numbers 26:1
Challah Loaves on Shabbat have a minimum size?
If a father has to carry his sons aveiros why not his mitzvos?
Delaying using the toilet
What is the etymology of סמאל?
Is there a problem with protesting Jewish-owned businesses?
Practical guide to the Brisker method in English?
May I publish correspendence received from a corporation?
Mundane activities on Tisha B'Av
Minhagim pertaining to the consumption of locust with other foods?
How could boiling 3 eggs at a time help?
Is Dina D'Malchusa a din in Gavra or in Cheftza?
Is Metzitzah B'peh a must?
What happened to the utensils from the Second Bais Hamikdash?
What to do when tisha b'av is nidcheh (this year)?
Does a borrower-lender / borrower-bailor have a claim against his borrower/bailee?
Kosher status of medicine that comes in a gel capsule
Why do we still use the non-Jewish way of delineating chapters in tanach?
Havdallah after Tisha B'Av
Is one permitted to report inflated driving hours?
May one walk under the Arch of Titus?
Hot water tap at work
using this website on tisha b'av?
Onkelos on Deut. 4:19
Can you explain this weird pattern in Eicha?
ReEh in singular (Deut. 11:26)
Singular and plural language in Deut. 4:25
Different tune for chapter 3 of Eicha?
mi shebeirach for yourself when calling a relative up for an aliyah
Why does a Zavah bring a Korban?
Why is the Eicha reading broken up?
Do we say "shabbat shalom" on Tisha b'Av that falls on Shabbat?
How assur is mixed dancing?
Sefer about the writing of Neviim and Megillos
General prohibition of cutting down fruit trees?
Kilaim of inedible plants?
How did Yaakov hear about Dinah?
How much of this world is really ordained by Heaven?
Why werent Rashi letters changed back
If one says "Kiddush Levana" alone, does one say "Sholom Aleichem"?
I heard not to say "Good Shabbos" after mincha. Is it true, and what defines mincha?
On Yom Kippur, why did Chachomim not want the people to know if the red thread had not turned white?
Best practices for checking a Mezuzah
What determines the sorts of cases in which one can deliberately not know the facts?
Is the prohibition of swimming during the nine-days because of danger or bathing for pleasure?
How do the English translations of the Mishnah vary?
How may one respond to someone who habitually posts off-topic on a mailing list?
How to fix Mamzeirim
Nudity at home?
Why do we strike ourselves during prayer?
Source for the prohibition against Nivul Peh (foul mouth)
What is a Gentile to do? Ie. What would you do if you were not born Jewish?
How long does one say Kaddish for a sibling?
Kaddish for non-blood relatives
Why are different kaddishes said by different people?
Is the brochah made on gum for the base or the flavoring?
Can pledged cash be exchanged for other cash?
If someone has broken their fast on Yom Kippur is anything extra added to birchas hamazon?
How obligated is one to say Kaddish for a deceased relative?
Sources for/about breaking a plate at a wedding
How does a recent bar mitzva "complete the weekly portion with the community"
Daf Yomi Scheduling for Shabbos, Yom Tov, and Sundays
What is the Issur of Nivul Peh based on?
Red string on Tefillin arm?
Who is liable in kol isha and tznius situations?
Connecting Shas and Halacha
Lubavitch and Daf Yomi
Is a picture of a woman prior to marriage with hair uncovered considered ervah once she gets married?
Drawing with ink on your skin
Does it make logical sense to "not hold by OU kashrus"?
Are you allowed to recite the Pledge of Allegiance?
Looking for daf yomi app recommendations
Proper way to refer to a makom ervah when speaking to a child
Fresh fish need hechsher
What are valid reasons for establishing a new Minyan?
Kohanim on first shift can't say Shema'?
Supporting new charities
Nidda after wedding
Conversion and starting a family
Universal theory of Biblical eye-raising
Three reasons not to enter ruins (Berachoth 3a)
David called "hamelech", "hamelech David", and "David"
Why don't translations of Tehilim 119 translate נשף like the Gemara?
how often do you have to check your mezuzot?
Lithuanian minhag for talis katan material
Why do Lubavitch talisos ensure tzitzis hang off the side?
Ma'ariv is obligatory?
What does "twice in seven years" mean regarding checking mezuzos?
When there is no Levi, why do we call up the SAME Kohen "bimkom Levi" - "in place of a Levi."
Non-kosher, non-Jewish-run, Sushi Restaurants
Kibbud for wife
Why is precedent set by individual rabbis, but not courts?
May one use mezuzot with different scripts in the same house?
Can you explain the beginning of Pirkei D'Rebbi Eliezer chapter 4?
Should a woman wear a gartel?
One day yom tov for someone who spends every chag in Israel?
Should one say amen to an unnecessary bracha made by a child on the autism spectrum?
What is the lineage of Yona ben Amitai?
Is the ketuba enforceable in American law?
Is it permissible to create a prenuptial agreement regarding nonmonetary issues?
Can a Beit Din invalidate Kiddushin nowadays?
El Al Airfare error and Halachah
Why can't an illegitimate child enter the temple?
Why do Lubavitchers fold their talisos under, on the shoulders?
Historical Kippot
How was kashrut affected by Science?
Recognition of Chabad conversions
How can Birchoth Keriath Shema' substitute for Birchoth HaTorah?
How can God be just in light of Deuteronomy 23:3?
Synthetic unkosher meat?
Why have great rabbis written of their hard times?
Is Chayecha Kodmin a Chiyuv or a right
If one watches television on Friday night, will one go to hell?
What is the difference between Orthodox, Reform and Conservative? (Re: Theology)
Lulei Sorascha (song)
Downloading Torah in the bathroom
What is the philosophy or logic for considering masturbation to be sinful?
Having children when both parents are Tay-Sachs carriers
Is the winding פ in this sefer torah kosher?
Why did the 40th-year Jews think they'd erred about Av? Sanhedrin had declared it
Babies in the field Midrash
sperm donation and p'ru ur'vu
Is one allowed to use electricity on Shabbos in Israel?
Origin of Mareh Kohen tune
Dialogue Between Jews and Romans in Jewish Tradition
10th man drove to shul on shabbat
Nezikin for Annoyances?
Is the Talmud part of the Jewish canon?
Hierarchy in ברכות השחר?
Which word in "אלו ואלו דברי אלקים חיים" is חיים modifying?
Who is the Nasi in Ezekiel?
Why isn't Peru URvu one of the 7 Noahide Laws?
Only nine sober men in a minyan
Does Friday night's Shabbat ceremony have to centre around a meal?
Adon 'Olam or Yigdal after Ma'ariv Friday night and Yom Tov?
Can one make a siyum mesechta if it was learned in English translation?
Referencing Iron before the Iron Age
Does one sit shiva for someone he killed?
What is the אדני השדה
What is the meaning of tehom?
May one have a torah aliyah during the mourning period
What is the bracha for gnocchi?
What is the significance of "white glass"?
Is there a list of things that have been put away until "l'atid lavo"?
Honor parents who want you to violate halacha?
Why is Kiddushin Performed "according to the tradition of Moshe and Israel"?
How do we understand the idea of something missing from the mishnah חסורי מיחסרא והכי קתני?
Why would a siddur choose תתברֵך instead of תתברַך?
Good resource for learning vowel pronunciation
Why did Noach plant a vineyard?
Who established the Shema?
When was the bending of the knees in bowing introduced?
Wedding ring composition considerations
Fate of Ephraim and Menashe
Tachanun when making aliyah to Israel?
Why do we mention dreams during *Birchas Kohanim*?
Tachanun when there is a Siyyum?
What makes prayer take so long? 
Siyum Masechta Ketana
Why are some bakashot made on Shabbat?
Is a speeding driver who causes damage exempt from paying due to his status as a Roidef?
Is a person endangering others always* a Rodef?
Are there any scriptural sources that Hashem loves each Jew individually?
Can we eat in a Sukkah standing?
Cooking meat and milk on the way to burning them
Chassidic Rebbes don't use Hebrew Grammar?
Time dilation and waiting between meat and milk
Why check pockets on Shabbos?
Is Ever Min HaHai a Nevelah?
Source for abrah kadabrah
Why is 1 Elul / 1 Tishrei the New Year for livestock?
Can I make a condition that any money I think to donate to Tzedakah is an invalid donation until I actually give it?
Does there have to be a poor needy intended recipient at the time of the donation in order to be considered Tzedakah?
Many mamzerim today?
Is animal sacrifice practised among modern Jews?
What is the source of hatred perceived by Jews in different parts of the world?
What are the customs for looking at fingers during havdalla
The “Shir Hamaalos” etc before Maariv: is it said before nightfall?
Accepting parents' minhagim
How tall was Adam?
Hebrew text for Rambam's letter to Ovadia the Ger online and good Hebrew shiur on it
Two-letter shorashim and phonetic shorashim?
Pain of animals on shabbat
Who were the pre-Lekh Likha righteous men?
Why remove tfilin before talis?
How can pigs and shellfish be kosher for bnei Noach?
Why not give tzeddakah before shmittah?
What are the authoritative Jewish documents?
Is programming against Judaism?
When do we start reciting Psalm 27?
Why aren't Zeraim or Toharos included in the Bavli as Mishnayos?
Aneni prayer for pregnancy best practice
Have not gone to parents grave in seven years
What does Maimonides say about geocentrism?
Can a Ben-Noach practice another religion?
Question about Ashkenazi pronunciation
Is it permitted for a Ben-Noach be an atheist?
What is the origin of BS"D / B"H?
How to call up a ger who converted with his father?
Mezuzot for shared apartment
Why call so many olim "moreinu"?
דבר לח (liquid) is not a חיבור (connection)?
What can I do to change myself permanently through the repentance process?
How can we be sure that Judaism is true/the truth?
Importance of learning grammar
Continuing to drink a Beverage after Birchas HaMazon?
What is the original source that a soul is split in half before conception?
Learning secular topics for parnassah
Does “foreign religious obligation” = “Takruvas Avodah Zarah”?
Is it ok for spouses to touch in public?
What is "הער״ט איר ניט"?
Where is the Bandits/Teshuvah Midrash?
Can one pray in front of a mirror?
Why do most of the shuls in Manhattan face the wrong direction?
Why does Hashem send Yona to tell non-Jews to do teshuva?
Why does Yona flee?
Why do we read Yona on Yom Kippur?
Why did those on the ship ignore what Yona told them?
Why was there a need for Yona to be saved in a miraculous way?
Why does Yona get off easy for running away?
Why does Ninveh do teshuva so quickly?
Why did the animals of Ninveh have to fast and wear sackcloth?
Why does God justify himself to Yona?
Why does Yona build a non-kosher succah?
Are epilators halachically allowed?
What does God's answer to Yona the prophet (4:11) really mean?
Taharas mishpacha class for men
Was Tevi a slave at death or not?
Insurance against משיח
Causing injury while playing a sport
What does it mean to make up for prayers unavoidably missed - Tashlumin?
How should I choose a mezuzah klaf?
Is a father empowered to truly give ownership of something to his young child?
Mincha before early wedding
Why don't we just follow the shittah of Moshe Rabeinu?
When can you turn a dispute into a safek?
What b'rachot do you say (and when) if you drink intermittently all day?
Is 'simcha' a mitzvah?
Women and Mayim Acharonim
What to do if you realize while Bentching that you want more to eat or drink?
If the Canaanites occupied the land in Moses’ day, why would Moses write that they were in the land then?
Unusual cantillation of Deut. 18:19
Why do we say Vhu Rachum before Maariv?
Why are disputes in pairs?
Drinking from a drinking fountain throughout the day
Pronunciation of "Two"s in Hebrew
Feeding a dependent plant on shabbos
Berachah LeVatalah (blessing in vain) retroactively
If you didn’t put on tefilin at shacharis, when should you?
'Aliyah an Isur 'Aseh? Even today?
Explaining lack of mixed dancing
Teachings of Chabad (Lubavitch) - controversial or not?
Kohanim and paternal lines
Jewish concept of angels
What is the Reconstructionist theology notion of G-d?
Does Jewish mysticism involve "feeling" G-d?
Calculation methods for intermediate time of chanukah lighting
Refusing to Daven from the Amud
Should the Shliach Tzibur say end-verses quietly to himself before saying them out loud?
What can a Gabbai do if no one wants to Daven from the Amud?
Return *his* dress?
Are there unnecessary words in torah?
What can be done to hush someone praying a loud amidah?
Earliest source for dipping apple in honey on Rosh Hashana
ורב להושיע instead of רב להושיע in אתה גבור
Translation to Greek
Why no play on words for apple and honey?
Where did the book Otzrot Hayyim come from?
Origin of the nine days
Pronunciation for אלוהים הוא אלוהים שלי
Respect: Parents and parents-in-law
What are the ways of the Amorites?
What is the point of the prophecy of Nachum?
Is there an English collection of judgements of the prophet David?
Can one say amen to a blessing invoked by a Christian?
Does G-d approve or merely permit human consumption of meat?
What is the reason for the lights lit on the desk of the prayer leader?
A fence within a fence
Bracha of V'Lamalshinim
What are the 3 things Rabeinu Gershom banned?
How were judges appointed in the times of the Bais Hamikdash?
Embarrassing a Baal Teshuva
Who says the Tefillah of ר' נחוניה בן הקנה?
Ose shalom post shemona esre
Why "hayom yom rishon", not "echad"?
If a person isn't sure he is Jewish, does he have to keep Mitzvot?
Davening after the zman
Why does David say that he only sinned against G-d?
What is the most difficult page of Talmud?
A Mashal of HaShem as a crazy king and Moshe as His weak-kneed friend?
List of Number of Mishnayos by chapter / masechta
Source for checking talis over shoulder
Mikvah Math for the Sea of Shlomo
Hebrew Israelites recognition by mainstream Judaism
Did the priest ever cast out evil spirits?
Help parsing the Midrashim of ר׳ חנינא from בר׳ ל״ג ב׳
"Hit him with a hammer until he pays attention!" Literally?
Useshuva Usefillah Utzedakah maavirin es roah hagezeira, where is this from?
Is there a Rambam hidush in current halakhic practice?
Check cashmere for Shatnez?
Does Kelayim apply to road cantaloupe/courgette?
Saying "I love you" during nidda
Carrying in a partially shared apartment on Shabbat
Is there a problem with JPS?
Why do Sephardic Jews dress in black and white?
Onot perisha with birth control
Where does the concept of bitul Torah come from?
Which Moshiach are we waiting for?
Are weekday-afternoon naps permissible?
Bracha for fruit that is part of the meal
Do any Jewish sources mention Satan talking to a Jew?
Blowing a Shofar at night
What if the Gabbai Tzedakah runs away?
How do Jews reconcile 6 days creation with light from stars 1 billion years ago?
Rambam (Maimonides), talks about different kinds of people
What parts of selichot can be said without a minyan?
Rashi on Bereishis 37:12: Only their sheep, or also their father's?
How much time is the Tekia of Shofar supposed to take?
Protocol for unconventional Siyum
Interpreting Song of Songs
Do not separate yourself from the community: what exactly is the community?
Making mistakes in shemone esri
spitting in aleinu leshabeach
Can a gentile go to Synagogue on Shabbat and what is forbidden on Shabbat for a gentile?
Specific punishments for specific sins
What foods are considered Mitztamek Veyafe lo?
Washing for bread with bandages covering the hands
When you're trapped by someone Davening behind you
saying selichos motzai shabbas
How could R' Yochanan make a statement about the Babylonian Talmud?
Removing facial hair by laser treatment (for a man)
Onen and Meis Mitzvah
Genesis 3:22 as a reference to Yona?
Amira Lakum: say you can't say?
what is the source for "Ein Melech B'Lo Am"?
Why is a chet with a patach pronounced differently?
Customs surrounding fasting when a sefer torah falls to the floor?
Can a gentile break shabbos only on a Rabbinic level?
Why do Jews look before crossing streets?
Sharpening a Knife on Shabbos
Bas Cohen having relations with a non-Jew
Why Wait for Moshiach according to the Rambam
Why does the gemarah start on daf bet?
what is good teshuva book
Tefilin and clothes
Hotels and food-service during shabbat
Why do we open the ark for important prayers?
Hilchos nidda: leftovers
A meshabarach prior to going on aliyah
Is human flesh a kosher food?
Doomsday scenario, what would Hashem do?
Is there any concept of "troubling" G-d?
Why is Aseret Yemei Teshuva a time when Teshuvah will be accepted immediately?
What is the benefit to praying with a Minyan?
Mezuzah for room used by Non-Jews
What if you forgot to wash?
Why assume coffee is kosher
How did the Gedolim achieve fear of Yom HaDin when the Gemoro says daya letzarah beshatah?
Advice for Lighting in a Sukkah
Can you fulfill the obligation to pray if you can't hear the leader?
Rosh HaShana greeting - L'Shana Tova Tikosaivu - V'chain L'Mar
Saying Misod and Reshut (introduction) for piyutim, then skipping them
Shnayim Mikre during Krias HaTorah
Different names for Dovid in regular Selichos vs Yom Kippur Selichos
Source of non-verse in Selichot
Minhag of saying Selichos only before Rosh HaShanah
Killing insects on Yom Tov
Who wrote the glosses that are found in the text of the Nefesh HaChaim?
Answering Amen to quiet Berachoth
Extent of matrilineal descent 
The blessing for 600,000 Jews
Should I say all blessings aloud?
What is the effect on me of saying amen?
Use of a commoner's talis to read the Torah on
Why is there a custom to join "Hashem" and "Elokenu" together in the line Al Taazvenu in Shema Kolenu in Selichot
Large gap in Sukkah wall(s)
Can a convert mourn for their Jewish parents?
Is a room with only a shower the same as a normal bathroom?
The purpose of Rosh Hashana
Identity of the Reish Gelutha
Maimonides on Circumcision
What is a ger toshav?
Why G-d had to confuse people's languages in the land of Shinar?
Collecting Tzedakah from someone who may (or may not) be mentally incompetent
Online resources for traditional Ashkenazi Rosh Hashana melodies?
How can we use grape juice instead of wine?
Why is Eretz Yisrael called "Eretz Tzvi"?
Why do we say fear God because of the Benefits? Shouldnt it be Leshem Shomayim
Holiday cooking: website(s) with prepared menus?
Drinking on Rosh HaShanah
In Kaddish -- what consolation can we offer G-d?
How to conjugate "their resting place(s)" in Kel Malei Rachamim?
Anyone know of an online prayer calendar?
Can an adopted child call birth parents by first name?
Am I allowed to sleep on Rosh HaShanah?
How can I understand the torah text?
Opening plastic soda bottles on Yom Tov
Shemonei Esrei regarding the seasons in Divine Might
The dagesh in "elo-ha" means what?
Making food brachot for others
What does ותמלך אתה הוא ה׳ א׳ מהרה על כל מעשיך coordinate with?
Rosh Hashana can't currently land on a Friday, but the first one did
Why Jer. 31 on Rosh Hashana?
Why honor someone who teaches one thing? Say dayo lihyos k'Achisofel!
Blessing for the rain; blessing for the dew
Yom tov kiddush tune
"Makadesh Yisrael v'Roshei Chadashim" on Rosh HaShanah
Tefillin on top of a wig if someone can only wear Tefillin once a day
Hataras Nedarim for 12 yr old boy
Putting poison inside bamboo rods (s'chach)
Food cooked by a non-Jew not kosher?
Eating certain cereals during Aseres Yemei Teshuva
Was there a song about the year 5773 being special?
Translation of Kuntres Tiferes Adam
Why do we read vayechal twice on a fast?
How long after the Torah was given did the Jewish people start wearing tefillin?
Why do we vary the form of the attributes of HaShem in the selicho "Kail Rachum shmecho"?
Difference between the words zachor and pakad
Why do Teshuvah for an accidental חטא (sin)?
If a person stops doing the bad action or begins to do the right action, why does he still need to do Teshuvah for a חטא (sin)?
What if there is no object for use in a mitzva?
Beracha on lighting yom tov candles : before or after?
Modesty: What is the difference between Conservative and Modern Orthodox?
What is a person's consciousness in the next world?
Where is the city of Ninveh?
Who was Yehoshua Bin Nun's father?
Humming as an interruption during Birkat Kohanim
The mishkan and the fencepost problem
Kiddushin 'Al Tnai and the effect of Nissuin
Why by "Ut'shuva, Utefila UItzedaka" does it say "Zom, Kol, Mamon"?
Why do we beat the arava?
Sources on the Halachic status of creating three parent child
What does מִלְמַעְלָה in Gen 7:20 mean?
Is there a way to expand a canvas Sukkah?
How does the definition of reishit differ from bereishit?
Why whole-day or daytime fast?
Has anyone declared a time of oppression regarding the four Temple fasts?
Food cooked by woman during Niddah?
First trip to the synagogue! Tips and advice please!
Ba'al Keri and Learning
How to prepare/give a good drasha
Is tevel dough muktzah on yom tov?
Pesik Resheih DeLa'Avar (inevitable consequence relating to the past)
What is the point of Hataras Nedarim every year? 
Why men and women don't go in a same mikve
Woman giving away husbands money
Kapparos on money - How much?
What to do if I want to Bentch, but I also want to keep drinking?
Not Bentching on a Kos when wine is already on the table
Saying slichos at any time but "ashmores haboker", should we take out references to the early morning time so we are not "lying"?
Bad dream about others
Gram Mav'ir on Yom Tov
Are there any ma'amrei chazal on תּוֹלָע בֶּן-פּוּאָה?
Will the real vertical bars (in Sh'ma) please stand up?
Inflatable Mattress on Shabbos
Sharpening Shechita Knife on Chol HaMoaed
List of sins punishable by excision or death
Why specifically an apple on Rosh HaShanah?
Davening by a Tzaddik on Rosh HaShanah
Hazi"v La"kh: what's behind the division?
Shliach Tzibbur that says "HaKel HaKodesh" instead of "HaMelech"
Saying HaKel HaKadosh (when must say "HaMelech") and not going back to beginning of tefillah
What is the shiur for anointing on Yom Kippur?
As righteous as Joshua Son of Nun?
What's so moving about Kol Nidrei
Nebulizer on Yom Kippur
Gmar Chasima Tova - What does it mean?
Death of two of Aharon's sons
How/why does kaparot work?
Guaranteed olam haba?
Observance of the convert
גמר חתימה טובה gender
Candles in bedroom over Yom Kippur
Is deodorant allowed on Yom Kippur?
Headache remedy on a fast day?
Does a Chalav Yisroel milk bottle help?
Is there a justification for the practice not to whip on Erev Yom Kipur?
How long is Orthodox Conversion?
Am I liable to be stoned for my devotion to Hashem and the Jewish people?
Division of Al Cheit
Striking the chest in the last few lines of Vidui
Request to see HaShem's vengeance
Covering your head with a tallis at night - problem?
How old were Er and Onan when they died?
Dedicating a Mitzva to unborn child
Can Jews eat non-Kosher meat?
What is the origin on metziztah b'peh?
Lighting Yom Tov Candles in the Sukka
Borer and Grinding on Yom Tov - and other Melachoth that are Ochel Nefesh
Pre existing flame for Havdala after Yom Kippur
Esrog with "gartel"
May a child make a Berachah on a Pasul set of 4 species?
What is a "Sephardic Jew"?
Can we play video games during sabbath
Is Reconstructionist Judaism essentially atheistic?
Why do some Jews get married at night?
Kashrut: Meat and dairy
What does "Maaseh Rav" mean?
When should we light shabbat candles?
May we still say Elohim and other names of God in everyday speech?
How cold is too cold to sleep in the sukkah?
Onah and Sukkos?
In what Sense should non-Jews obey/disobey Torah?
Why the emphasis on Hebrew in Judaism?
Why is Kosher important?
Is Listening to Christian music a sin or just not something a jew would normally do?
What's the ultimate fate of Satan?
Sitting under a tree in a valid Sukkah
Singing or listening to non-Jewish religious music
Davening from an electronic device?
Christian believe in the Noahide Laws, will they end up in heaven?
What are we "celebrating" on Shmini Etzeres?
Is a Gentile that keeps Yom Tov Chayav Misa like on Shabbos?
Loan in exchange for keeping shabbos, ribis?
Is there a way to tell if a Pitom of an Etrog has been broken, or was grown that way?
Din of Lachem by arba minim when saying Hallel
Women and arba minim on first day
Why do we have different aliyot for the same section of the Torah?
Shaving vs. Hair cutting on Chol Hamoed
Siddur with lots of white space for notes
Bentching after vomiting
Business with Christians during their holiday periods
What did mikdash workers eat?
What was the first Hebrew date of the first Molad?
Can you/should you be blessed by an ignorant/non-orthodox Kohen?
Will A Non Jew who did not keep the Noachide Laws be Held Accountable?
Can you do benching for 3 people when one person does not know what to say in response?
Washing for bread before Kiddush. Convenient for sukkos?
Leishev Basukkah before Shehechiyanu or after?
Why is it "Beiz"?
Who is responsible for damage to something that was used at the owner's request?
What were Chazal referring to when they said there were 7 notes in a musical octave?
What do Chazal mean when they say that when Moshiach comes there will be another note added to the octave making a total of 8 notes?
What is the right way to wave the lulav and esrog in the down direction?
With what may we bind the aravos branches for Hoshano Rabboh?
Could one today be blessed with the wisdom of Solomon and love of David?
Is two hundred and ten a name of God?
Kabbalos Pnei Rabo
Why do we use yud, yud?
Are we supposed to say "go..." when parting from the dead?
Moving close to the Shul
Daf Yomi and a half-Daf
Making a tanai on Scach
Are there forms of Jewish mysticism outside of kabbalah?
The application of "harm" in Shemot (Exodus) 21:22
Al Netilas Yadayim in morning and after bathroom
Why shouldn't Gentiles keep Shabbat?
Who is "thrusted through" in Zechariah 12:10?
In Judaism, does God have a body?
Playing with non-kosher animals
Belief in Yechidah
Bracha Lesheiv B'Suka when making Havdala
Why does it say (negatively) in אום נצורה “She sits and waits for Shabbos to go out"?
Saying Birkat ha-Mazon without having said ha-Motsi before eating
Using Hoshanos more than once
Reciting a Posuk representing your name at end of Shemona Esrei - source?
Gentiles and Berachoth
Why did Israeli sportsmen keep their hats on during their national anthem?
Is it true that Jews believed in sheol before the belief in hereafter entered into Judaism?
Bentching Ha-Gommel after a Birth
Cooking on Chol HaMoed for after the Moed
Wearing a deceased's shoes
close (male) relatives going to the mikvah together
Unplugging a Phone Charger on Shabbat?
Retroactive Get
The tree of life if adam was already immortal
what's the source for Bar Mitzvah being at 13?
"Tzon k'doshim!" ―"Baa!": source/provenance
Eating before shachris when up all night
Dried insects - permissible?
Why did G-d ask Avraham for the akeda?
If repeating Shmoneh Esrei do you redo steps back/forward?
Good place in Israel for English-speakers
Explanation in Rokeach in regard to kissing ones wife
Where/when/how/why did flags become part of Simchas Torah celebrations?
Mezuza Placement
When do we change back the ark-cover etc from white to the rest-of-the-year colour?
When is the end of the Tishrei holiday "season"?
Source and reason for throwing the Hoshanos on top of the Aron Kodesh
Source for 4 species and the name of God?
What is the torah view on the dinosaurs?
Explanation of Avos 2:6?
Parameters for brov am?
When I wake up before Alot Hshachar and won't go back to sleep, what can/can't I do?
Source for heter for making tea on Shabbos
Original source for Maharil endorsing tunes as "MiSinai"?
"Think about love for fellow Jews before praying" - source?
Why can't Moshe hit the water?
Can I say the prayers of Birkot HaShachar and Tikkun Chatzot after Chatzot (Midnight), even if I don't sleep yet?
Can one stand a child in an aron kodesh in order for the child to kiss the sifrei torah?
What is Ashdudis?
My hands are cold in synagogue. May I put them in my pockets? May I wear gloves?
Anim Zemiros is highly anthropomorphic; how come we sing it in public?
Why is the total count of Noah's life 950 years when the year of the flood took a full year cycle?
Why was Cham considered one of the righteous people of the world at the time of the flood
Cohanim standing on carpet by Bircas Cohanim
King Yoash murdered - Who's responsible?
Controlling a bad habit: picking fingernails on Shabbat
Gabai speaking during chazaras hashatz, kaddish or kriyas hatorah for the sake of the tzibbur
V'Sain Tal U'Matar for someone from Eretz Yisrael in Chutz L'Aretz (and vice versa)
Was the Hebrew Alphabet also given with the Tablets and Law?
Breaking Shabbos to keep future Shabbos(os)?
Why build migdal bavel in a valley?
Reading a newspaper
Can non Jews be buried in a Jewish Cemetery?
Do Jews Support Outlawing the Offending of Prophets?
Source listing all Jewish wedding customs?
What is the source for "the custom of our forefathers is in our hands"?
וינוחו בה\בו\בם ישראל in Shabbat shemoneh esrei -- why the change?
How high was migdal Bavel?
Does poseach es yadecha belong in the first paragraph of bentching?
Can an 'AGA' oven be koshered?
Why btzelem elokim and not btzelem yud-kay-vav-kay?
Will we follow Beis Shammai in times of Moshiach?
Saying "Shehecheyanu" on Mitzvot on the second day of Yom Tov
What was the sin of the builders of the tower of Bavel?
Is there a sourced edition of Tz'enah Ur'enah?
Position of Reish Galusa
Do you do a Tashlumin (make-up) on a Shemoneh 'Esreh if you later realize that you forgot a critical insert?
Excess water after Netillath Yadayim
Is there a translation of the words of Ben Sira?
Noled -- Ossur on Yom Tov, Muter on Shabbos?
Status of food fried with oil that was previously used for meat
Arba'a Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Being a fan of a Non-Jewish sports figure?
Kadish / Tachanun errors - How should you proceed?
Eating by one who doesn't separate glass
Is there a kosher way to get a permanent image on the skin?
Does God love non-Jews?
Why do we not use oil for the havdalah candle?
Do Jews accept the Bible as being valid?
What does a Christian need to know before he marries a non-religious Jewish woman and plans to have a family?
Why are children from a gentile wife not considered Jewish with a Jewish father?
Can a non-Jew recite the Shema?
Speaking in the middle of Kaddish
Where is a mediator between God and man forbidden
eating before kiddush
Mehudar: a Subset of the Daled Minim?
Torah learning any time of the day
Are there any jokes in Tanach?
time for shacharit and eating before this time
Authenticity and authority of Oral tradition
removing a dislocated hair out of one's beard on shabbat
impure animals: present, future, past
Saying a b'racha acharona and continuing to eat other food
Go out to receive the Torah then come back to convert Egypt
Why use an active verb with no subject?
Ben Drosai - what was his Zechus?
The (female) name Freeda amongst Sefardim
Origin/meaning of common surname Naiman (or similar)
Status of plastic drip coffee filter cone
Is there a book containing references to contemporary responsa according to the order of the Shulchan Aruch?
Making coleslaw and potato salad on Shabbos
Which rabbi said "if a horse had the mind of Kant ..."?
"Yichud L'Olam" in Hilchos Muktzeh
Does "burning" water fall under the Av Melachah of "bishul" on Shabbos?
What puns are there in Tanach?
Is it Asur to watch violent sports?
"Wrong" Berachoth exempting foods
How was Er considererd to be married to Tamar?
Chamisha Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Minhag Kaparos with Money - What's the source?
Chanukiyot inside or out?
How can you see words?
Moving Sefer Torah with Tallis (source?)
Skin of chicken like chicken meat itself?
Dan LeChaf Zechuth - Exceptions?
A child that commits suicide (R"L) -- losing certain merits
A shorter person with a normal sized tallis katan
Avel that needs shmira -- Also on Shabbos?
Putting up scach before walls of sukkah
Bringing wallet with benscher into bathroom
Neither from a thread to a shoe strap
Should we use a picture of the Western Wall as a “mizrach”?
Post-conversion ketubah
May a Jew Trick or Treat?
Horse back riding for women
Kissing the mezuzah before netilat yadayim in the morning
Rashi in Shelach 8 days c'neged 8 strings of tzitzis
"Avram" for when he was young?
Washing feet before coming inside: Avraham vs. Lot
Is a "Golem" the same thing as a person created through Sefer Yetzirah?
What kavanos should one have when sharpening a challa knife Erev Shabbos?
Blessing on the next American President (or any politician)
Beit Kneset and Torah study - desecration?
Mitzvah of Ner Channukah -- not until after churban habayis?
What was Moshe Rabbeinus argument against the angels?
Halachic justification to not pray the amidah before zman t'filah?
What is the correct kavanah when going to war?
Can Sforim be used as a shtender?
Brachos Daf 2a - What does Creation have to do with Krias Shema?
Shisha Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Getting up by alos hashachar -- Halachically required?
Firefighting on shabbat
Who was expelled from Avraham's house and married an Egyptian?
What is the difference between adonai and adoni?
Derech Ha-Limud in Chumash
Does the mitzvah to return a lost object apply to aveirah items?
In case of diphallia, how is brit-milah affected?
Bones for Dogs Difference When they were Separated from Meat
Why does the congregation recite something different during the repetition of the hoda'ah -- but nowhere else?
Are there mystical underpinnings to Maccabi?
Why did God lie about Sarah?
How does the lost item-charity to Rebbi Meir Baal Hanes work?
Two days for Shavuot
Why Avraham hated Yishmael if he was a tzadik
How many times does a Ger immerse?
A tree which falls and damages
Trustworthiness of "new" dishes
why do jewish women wear so much black?
Where is the Covenant Box
How did they use to count years in the time of Abraham?
Why do modern siddurim not break up the Shabbos Mussaf Kedusho at “להיות לכם לאלקים” as we used to do?
Listening to Ambient Music
What halakhic subtopics might be covered by The Tur and not by the Shulchan Aruch?
"Carrying" items without an eruv
Tashmish Ha-Mitah B'yom (Marital Relations by day.)
Why was no one else tested 10 times the way Avraham was?
When is Avraham Avinu's Yahrzeit?
Why did Avraham ask Eliezer to swear in the way he did?
Responding "Amen" to fanciful blessings and wishes
Do those who practice family purity get cervical cancer less?
Is הפעולה בשמות or “theurgy” similar to prayer in the Ramchal’s Derekh HaShem?
the land from which you brought us out = Egypt?
If I want to keep a bentcher in my pocket wrapped, can I use a clear sandwich bag?
Shin on Tefilin - changed in Belz?
Hanging the kesubah on the wall?
Cooking on Yom Tov for Bein Hashmoshos
Yizkor and Rosh Hashanah
boreh pri hagafen and hamotzi during the week
What is the halachic status of things in outer space?
What does Dovid Melech Yisrael Chai Vkayam mean?
Did "Litvish" frock coats button left-on-right?
Minhag of bothering the chazzan on Simchas Torah
Can one switch chazzanim at non-traditional places in the service to accommodate a mourner who came late?
Does a ger have to tovel their dishes?
Does the president of the USA have free will?
Preparing food on Shabbos for Bein Hashmoshos
What was the name of Rivka's mother?
Why does Rashi say that a hey at the end = a lamed at the beginning so many times?
A Convert taking on customs of ashkanazim or sephardim
What's wrong with pastrami on white bread with mayonnaise?
Did Yishai sin?
Who was Naomi's Father?
Why does Eliezer address his prayer to Hashem, [24(12)], “Hashem, the G-d of my master Avrohom”?
Which Tana said the shem hafemorash and why?
Bracha on Dam Basulim
Why didn't Eliezer go straight to Avraham's family?
G'dalya Gumber provenance
Is it true that proselytes immersed in their birthday suits in ancient times?
Are "things we don't do because of danger" also dangerous to non-Jews?
why did avraham pray for sodom
Does the name Daniel really mean: 'G-d is my judge'?
Triennial reading cycle for guests
Fasting when Navi on Klaf falls on the floor
The "Miracle" of Hagar's giving birth
Who was R' Avin Nagara
Why does Yakov bless Ephraim and Menashe at the same time?
Where does the concept of "shirayim" come from?
Candles lit from Shabbos to Shabbos
(Psalms 69 (14)) How do we understand אלקים ברב חסדך, rather than ה׳ ברב חסדך
Is a Ger first or almost last for assistance?
What is the source for lighting a candle for the whole year after the death of a close relative?
Children of Converts and Specific halachos
When does one recite the verses preceding and following the recitation of Tehillim
Why should one have marital relations as if forced by a demon?
How old was Eisav when he fell into bad ways?
How much contact did Avraham and Yitzchak have after the akeidah?
Is it necessary to wear kippa to bed or when not moving?
How is knowledge of G-d different from any other knowledge?
Genevas Daas (deception) with a gift
Did Yitzchak not Fulfill the Mitzvah of "Be Fruitful and Multiply"?
Why would anyone name their daughter Yehudis? The first one vexed Isaac and Rebecca
How were the “seven good men of the city” appointed?
On Shabbos: Shaking basket with fruits and rock, why not borer (selecting)?
Sources for Pidyon HaBen Ceremony
Please explain the idea of the Chair of Elijah in synagogue
Why is the shtreimel worn balanced atop the head?
How is shechitah done without machinery?
Why wasn't Aharon punished for making the Golden Calf
Why a human Messiah?
An Ashenazi kohain lives outside Israel. When it is not Yom Tov, can he bless the people in a Sefardi shul?
Naming after non religious relatives
Rockets from Gaza while praying
A good translation of "bimah"
Using a Stamp from an RSVP Card
picking something up during shmoneh esrei
Difference in Tehillim 82:7 quoted in Avodah Zarah 5a
Can I light a new fire on yom tov?
Did Achashveirosh and Haman speak Hebrew?
How did Avraham save Terach?
Do we care or do we not care about beauty?
Can one resume praying if interrupted when not in a minyan
What is the significance of the shtreimel?
Moshe being called Moshe Rabbeinu
Kashrus status of turkeys
What is the appropriate response of someone outside Israel during a war?
How does one keep a kosher sink?
Where is the source not to walk over someone because it stops him growing?
Ululating in Jewish culture
Can a person forbid with a vow his portion of a jointly owned item?
squeezing lemon juice onto slush on shabbas
Why is the wicked son sanctioned for doing what the wise son does?
Bakery workers washing Negel Vasser
How to find if a particular pasuk is used in davening
Shiv'a Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Has a gadol be'Torah ever drastically changed his type of avodas Hashem?
Inconsistency in listing creeping things in Noach's Ark's population
How can one regain his faith?
Does anyone in Tanach ever get divorced?
What are the merits and weaknesses of the various available printed editions of Talmud Bavli?
Where can I find tapes of Rabbi Yitzhak Ginzburg - "Shemesh Hashem", "Mikor Mayim Chaim", "Etz Chaim","Katnus Kodem LeGadlus", "50 Shaarei Bina"?
Milk of a woman -- Only for a sick person or even healthy?
Problem of Ribis in giving loan in order to give Tzedeka
Cold-brew coffee on Shabbos
When to go out to fight the enemy?
Receiving money for a day's work, considering it to cover a debt?
I want to be a Jew, but I'm born as a Muslim
Are you allowed to make, buy and sell trumpets?
How does Judaism regard homeschooling?
Wrapping up Tefilin to form dove's wings
Which pasuk in Tanach has the most letters?
May one make obscene gestures?
Blessing: who gets first?
Is a bat kohen allowed to go to cemetery?
Benediction to be recited over stuffing?
Are there verifications for these miracles?
Leah: Isn't it enough that you took away my husband?
Cooking water on Shabas renders the pot non-kosher?
Yaakov Kissing Rachel
How would Yaakov's plan have worked?
Maaser on Sal Klita
Inhaling prayers?
Shemona Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
What is the genealogy of Judah ben Bava?
Most children in sefer B'reishit are named by women or God; why does Yehudah name Er?
How do people daven so quickly, and what's the support for it?
Did Tamar marry a third time, and if so whom?
Killing Civilians in a defensive war
Why is oatmeal considered chometz?
Why is Leah last in the order of the matriarchs?
Sifrei Mussar/Machshava/Avodah from the Rishonim
List of people in Tanach
Whence is the idea that the deceased is a meilitz yosher?
Is Boaz allowed to show Rus favoritism?
Dressing similarly at a Din Torah - When did this change and why?
Kohain marrying divorcee
Is there a p'sak when dealing with de'os?
Are you yotzei by lighting candles through a grama?
What is the source for a woman's voice as ervah?
Prohibition of a Kohen marrying a Zonah
How/Why do amulets work?
Why does the mohel say the brocha at the bris?
Why do we start minchah shemoneh esrei differently?
What should I be aware of when using the term "Jew"?
Woman going out on Shabbath with a "Moch"
"פְּנִיאֵל" and "פְּנוּאֵל"
Does one make a blessing if preparing to die al kiddush Hashem?
Were Shimon and Levi allowed to do what they did?
Who was worse Lavan, Pharoah or Haman?
How long after a Bris of his son can the Father make the bracha?
Should the leaders of Jewish organisations be elected or appointed?
Order of words (Oizer U'Moshia) in Shemona Esrei
Who is "the blaspheming foe" of Maoz Tzur?
Using Post-its on Shabbos
Gen. 32:23 וַיָּקָם בַּלַּיְלָה הוּא = that night?
Is a male considered Jewish if his dad is Jewish and his mom is not jewish but the dad had his male child have a brit-millah
Communities where men didn't put their טליתות over their heads?
K'shaim Shenichnas L'Bris Kain Yikones L'Torah L'Chupa U'Lmaasim Tovim: why that order?
Kuntrus Midor L'Dor
Where can I find family history of Shalom Shachna Altshuler?
The four elements - fire, wind, water and earth
Pidyon HaBen rate
Yerushalayim City of Gold
No More Zechuth Avoth?
Why did David's kingdom split if he didn't sin?
Is there a book with well sourced "discussions" on hilchos lashon hara?
Why does Rashi say דבתם refers to the children of Leah?
Did Yaakov marry Bilah and Zilpah?
Tish'a Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Can a chumash be used for a public torah reading?
Why isn't נִצָּבָה redundant?
When did Leah die?
Did Reuven find out what had happened to Yosef?
Why do we let the tzitzit go after saying Shema at either לָעַד or צָרֵיהֶם
Tachshitim on Shabbath
Were our symbols for trope and nekudos created by the Masoretes, or transmitted by them?
Does Judaism endorse guilt?
When did David Hamelech write Tehillim?
If you can only choose one which way should you learn, bekiyus or beiyun?
Is there an imperative to have a fancy menorah?
What happens if your Mezzuzah comes off the wall
Sitting for "Ashre"?
How could a man named Philip in USA have Hebrew name Yehoshua Falk?
Best practices for long-distance Nihum Aveilim and Kavod HaMeith
What's so special about Leah?
Attaching something by way of a hook on Shabbos -- problem of binyan (building)?
What does R' Feinstein say about eating kosher food in a non-kosher restaurant?
Where can I find indexes to the classic Torah works?
Traditions what to do with removed foreskin
Was Joseph considered a Tzaddik as he went down to Egypt?
Is it halachically permissible to click on contextual ads with no intention of buying?
How to pronounce the name of the last letter in the Hebrew alphabet?
"Prepare your Menora before Shabbat!"
Does amirah L'akum apply to robots?
Unkosher sheitel's / wigs?
We are Christian but have been invited to celebrate with friends tonight
Reboiling water and reheating chulent on shabbos
Why was Yaakov punished for not honoring his parents?
Why don't we light the full menorah all 8 days?
How is the menora lit in the synagogue?
slander or truth abou OU Kashrus
Why put shel-rosh straps behind the body when donning?
Why are Ashre and Alenu considered communal prayers?
Fill m'nora in order?
Does the Kohen Gadol place his seal on oil used for the Menorah?
Does the order of lights in a menorah face the house or the street?
Celebrating the Hashmonaim as part of Hanukkah
Rambam and Mitzvah of Ner Channukah (Chaviva hi ad ma'od)
Rambam in Mitzvah of Ner Channukah: why "Shemen and Neros"?
is there an authoritative list of the ways to expound the torah?
Making Bracha on Channukah Candles in Jail
Source for not referring to Chanuka lights as a "menora"
Why did it take so long to make new oil?
Using Havdallah Candle for Ner Channukah
Should I rend k'riyah if I witness the death of a non-relative? If so, what's the procedure?
What is the source for Rambam's "physician's oath"?
Yaakov's Stone Pillow
What are the sources that a husband may beat his wife?
Extrapolating from individual responsa to form a general psak halacha
How was Saul a Tzadik if he wiped out Nov?
Does a dish received as a gift from another Jew need to be toveled?
Abrahamic covenant and Brit Milah - how is the covenant passed down?
What exactly happened on the 25th of Kislev?
Was the Chasam Sofer known for having an interesting way of learning?
Making a Seudah into a "Seudas Mitzvah"
What is the source and substance of the kabbalistic holiday on 17 Shevat?
The Layman's Masechta (Mishnayoth) for a Siyum
Why does Esther change her name?
Why is the Mesillas Yesharim so popular and accepted?
Are gedolei Yisroel fallible?
How did Yaakov and his family survive “when they finished eating the grain that they had brought from Egypt”.
Tznius of the times
May one refuse pain killers?
Woman wearing her husband's comfortable clothing
What if anything was the correspondence between mishmarim of kohanim and cities?
"For Zion's sake" - Where in the liturgy?
Who is the author of the Pirush on the first four chapters of Rambam's Hilchos Yesodei HaTorah?
What happens if you borrowed money and the currency became worthless?
Can a healthy person use a shabbos elevator?
What's done on Zos Chanuka?
Can you go to a shul dinner if you are in aveilus?
Why are tzadikim compared to myrtles?
Wearing a hat on Shabas
Is there a Beta Israel Siddur?
Why do we use the Babylonian month names?
Why don't we read from 2 torahs on every shabbat?
The connection between Tishrei and Tevet
Why are there only a finite number of people?
Why do we need a neshama yesera?
May a man learn Torah without a Kippah?
Aveilus for an adoptive parent
Why did Yosef wash his face after crying the second time but not the first?
Asking God for miracles
How did the modern day Beis Hora'ah phenomenon develop?
Will the king messiah be a prophet?
Can Isaiah 11:2 be used a basis for the belief that the king messiah will be a prophet?
Do Jews believe the content of Maccabees (I-IV) is true?
How did Yosef showing his circumcision prove anything?
Water from the Kohanim washing their hands by nei'lah
What is it with the donkeys all over Parashat Mikeitz?
When lighting Chanukah candles on both entrances to courtyard, can I use only one candle?
Mistake when buying ring to get married with
Can you pick your nose?
How old was Esther?
Looking for information on the Savoraim
Mentioning Yeshu's name?
Why by the mitzvah of chanukka we must light at both doors so other wont be suspicious
About what were rabbis ahead of the times?
Tehilim divided into five sections?
Is there a chief Rabbi of the United States?
Must a parent vaccinate her child?
Why mention God, our god, for the chatas/asham and not for the ola/sh'lamim/toda?
Asara Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
High School Math in the Talmud
One-in-Sixty Versus Roiv- Why both?
Converts, kibbud av v'eim, and non-Jewish holidays
Famine in Egypt
What is "blood that moved from one place to another"?
Question regarding ונביא גדול הוא קרוב ממשה רבנו in Rambam's Hilkhos Teshuva
Prohibition on paskening halacha when one is drunk
Why are Chazal asking if words are spelled with א or ע?
Do you take challah from something that will be deep fried?
Who wrote Tohar HaYichud?
Does Neveilah/Tereifah make you Fleishig?
Do you have to listen to angels?
Why do we wish someone “long life” on the occasion of the anniversary of the death of relative?
May a Jew be a Freemason?
Husband deciding how his wife should cover her hair
Mention of any Prophet in other holy books
star of david and the cross
Is wine touched/shaken by a non-idolatrous Gentile child forbidden to drink?
The stolen maple syrup and kashrus
Can you attend a sporting event on a minor fast day?
Why is the period of Shovavim connected to tikkun habris?
What are the three impure klippot?
Do Jewish people celebrate Christmas?
Years and years and years of Yishmael
Source for Dubno Maggid's rebuke of the Vilna Gaon?
Authors of Daat Zkeinim
Story about learning b'iyun vs. b'qius
How many prophets were there and who were they?
Minhag not to learn Torah on the night of Nitel (Who and where)
Source of Midrash regarding Yaakov's saying Shema
If the Oral Torah is Divine, why are there arguments?
How can we know God?
What happened to Canaan during the famine after Yaakov et al went down to Egypt?
Why switch the reference from "גוי" to "עם" in Tachanun?
Exact model of the Beis Hamikdash?
How do Rabbonim know where graves are located?
Segulah to remove bone stuck in one's throat
Gneivas daas with fake social media accounts
Decorating of the Beitzah
Attending a relative's non-Jewish wedding in a non-Jewish place of worship?
What forbids eating in a Jewish-owned restaurant open on shabbat?
A woman with dreadlocks going to the mikveh
Where does our blessing for daughters come from?
When does a fox have his time?
The fulfillment of Yosef's second dream
Chumash with Rashi and Siftei Chachamim
Which kings stay in bed to the third hour of the day?
Should the chazan say "Ga'al Yisra'el" silently?
When did hashem stop the sun?
Does Judaism believe that Moshe (Moses) is the last Prophet?
The source that the famine ended when Yaakov blessed Pharaoh
Is there a source for the custom of a Baal Teshuva not to sit in shul but rather to stand?
Conceptual Relationship Between "River" (יאר) and "Light" (אור)
Definition of Beit Hakneset area [with respect to tachanun]
Why does Jewish law and tradition specify times for saying Shema?
Non-Jews praying with the Jewish community
Was Rav Hai Gaon a kabbalist?
Where is G-d according to Judaism?
Sources for supporting a married couple
Is visiting Antarctica permitted for a Jew?
Do Beta Israel have Kohens?
Why is the Evil Inclination Called a "Fool"?
Non-Jews learning or being taught Torah
אלקים בגימטריא הטבע and not טבע?
What is an outsider's obligation if abuse is suspected?
Which 20th century rabbi said "G-d normally doesn't stop the ill-intentioned"?
An improved Jewish calendar after this one expires?
Why is giluey arayos one of the big 3?
Statistics regarding how many people convert yearly
Why did God create the mentally ill/ severely handicapped?
Does a ger (convert) say Yizkor?
Mamzeirim and Slaves
What is special about Tzfat?
Is there a Statute of Limitations in Jewish Law?
What if you undo a shabbat melacha?
What is the difference between Beta Israel and Beta Avraham
Looking at the Nasi
Who doesn't make Kiddush from 6-7pm?
How did the trees deviate from God's command?
In what way was Niniveh wicked?
Relighting Chanukah lights that extinguish
Where Does the Talmud Teach Not to Learn Halacha From Observation of Teachers?
Naming a child after two relatives
Wearing reflective armband in place without an eiruv
Looking for Toldos Yeshu (1705 version). Does anyone have?
Good place to start kli yakar
Saying names of angels
Removing Yarmulka last when undressing (source)
if a convert later finds out she was Jewish anyway through her mother's mother, does she need a new ketubah?
How can I make my Judaism more enjoyable?
How, if at all, can "frum" Jewish men justify their consorting with prostitutes?
Referring to parent in third person
Misquotes from Rebbi Nachman?
Were there any other religions before Judaism that their followers should convert to Judaism?
Should a man remove his head covering during the national anthem?
Why is Yosef's age at death given twice?
Is a Cohen who had a vasectomy allowed to perform Birkat Kohanim?
How much is a Prutah in cents/agurot?
How did the 2 spies which Yehoshua sent have authority to save Rachav and family
Why did David HaMelech tell Shlomo to punish Shimei Ben Geira?
Why doesn't Ahab have the right to just seize land as he see fits?
Did Kayin and Hevel grow quickly or were they born fully developed?
Why does the Torah repeat the story of Efron HaChiti many times?
What is the difference between חיי העולם הבא and חיי העולמים (in Bircas Hamazon)?
Studying Torah sitting on the floor?
Typing on Shabbos
Why does the Torah not record the passing of Leah?
How animals populated different continents after the flood?
Can any kohanim trace all the way back to Aaron?
Pants under skirts
Does Judaism recognize other religions?
What's the meaning of "Hashmal" (electricity in modern Hebrew) in the bible? (Ezekiel 1:4)
Is it permitted to lick the adhesive on an envelope?
Magicians of Egypt (sometimes referred to as Jannes and Jambres)
How can angels "give permission" to each other?
Didn’t the Ishmaelites know they were buying their second cousin?
Ya'akov's brief amnesia
Torah personalities chosen for blessings on Friday nights
Unusual applications of Asher Yatzar
Minimum number of days in the first week of the Hebrew calendar?
Going to a wedding of a gentile
What is a covenant and what are its implications?
May we intervene with Religious OCD sufferers?
Achad Asar Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Unrelated kadish in a shiv'a house
What shape were the branches on the Menorah in the Beit Hamikdash?
What is Sha'arei HaAnavah?
Why was this world created?
Treating obsessive compulsive scrupulosity without ignoring genuine conscience
Today, what is our replacement for prophets?
How was Devorah appointed a judge?
Mezuza positioning: why top angled in not out?
Lighting candles on Yom Tov that falls out on Motzei Shabbos
Working in a non kosher yogurt store
Religiously sensitive guidance on when to tell your child about human reproduction
Tzitzis Thrown Over Shoulder = Still Wearing Them?
What is the origin of "deah, binah, v'haskel"?
Where can I find a professionally typeset pdf siddur suitable for mobile viewing?
The mishna says carrying in an unusual way is permitted but we apparently don't follow that; what changed?
The "ben neichar" who is banned from eating the Korbon Pesach
Is unmasking an anonymous author addressed by Halacha?
May one learn from a heretic?
Has the Ban of Rabbenu Gershom expired?
Is one a heretic if he does not believe in Kabbalah?
Rambam's method for calculating the conjunction of the moon (and sun)
Who is greater than whom?
What is kosher meat?
Shechting non-Kosher animals
Special occasions where various Chassidim don't say Tachanun
Mistake in Asher Yatzer and Rafa'ainu of Shemoneh Esrei
Why did the Baba Sali leave Yavneh?
Why are bagels a traditional Jewish food?
What does the word לאַטקעס (latkes) mean?
What is special about praying Shacharis and Mariv (as opposed to Mincha)?
Why is misusing God's name so bad?
If someone doesn't believe in the Gemara, is he a heretic?
Electronic sliding doors on shabbat
Does Rambam include the Oral Torah in his eighth principle?
Who was Cain's wife?
Why Many of Saul's Descendants got Killed?
Am I yotzei in my davening if I believe that God communicated with Mohammad?
Arguments for Rabbinical Law
Source for story about The Rabbi and the prostitute
The source to be Dan L'Caf Zechut
Are preservatives called a "davar ha'mamid"
Story with Rav Safra -- halacha l'maseh?
What happens to the soul when dozing for a minute or ten?
Which kidney should you donate?
Why did Avraham prefer the daughters of Aner, Eshkol and Mamre over Eliezer's daughter?
How does Judaism prove the existence of the life of the world to come?
Writing HaShem's actual name in English
Where to download Tanach text in digital format
Why was Hosea acceptable to the people if he took his adulterous wife back?
If a mourner comes to services late, in the middle of the kaddish, has he missed that kaddish?
Dreaming of doing a sin
How would you keep shabbos in space?
Should works continue to be banned?
Are a father and son allowed to learn martial arts together?
Honoring a wicked father who has repented - How is he still considered wicked?
Mamzer honoring his father - why wouldn't he?
May we genetically engineer stuff?
Would time travel be assur/mutar?
History of the Mir Yeshiva
Can a Jew marry a Free Mason?
Learning Hilchos Chalev and Seder Kodshim as segulah for Refuah
Torn Tallis Gadol
Who were Hillel's greatest students and what were they known for?
Meforashim and Poskim on Mas. 'Avodah Zarah and forming a curriculum
What sages were known to have revived the dead?
Wearing wool Tzitzis on Shabbos
Trees l'asid lavo
Do angels have jealousy?
Did Moshe Rabbeinu See God?
Can one Tovel dishes in snow?
Is it permitted to listen to instrumental secular music by an antisemite?
What is the practical ramifications of Emunah being a mitzvah or not?
Why is the kesuba not written in a native language?
Saying Divrei Torah by a Seudah -- also for Women?
When did upsherins become part of standard American Orthodox practice?
What is the biography of Rav Yitzchak Meir Morgenstern?
Would most Jews deem a tattoo containing the tetragrammaton offensive?
Which Names of Hashem can/can't we say [in regular conversation]?
Why does Moshe tell Hashem that he is 'heavy of mouth and heavy of tongue' - twice?
Looking at clothing of a woman
Why "אַבְרָהָם אָבִיו" (Gen. 22:7)?
What is the earliest commentary we have that recognized Hell as a place for cleansing the soul?
Torah portions that end abruptly?
Two Brachos before shema and one after in the morning, and two before and after in the evening
How do Karaites pray?
Is one allowed to have a tattoo of G-d's name removed?
Which plants are most suitable for sukkah roofing?
Listening to Music during learning
Aggadah Of Great Bird Destroying Towns
I'm in the middle of Tachanun when they take out the Torah; what do I do?
When do you interrupt to answer Kaddish?
Why did Yaakov ask Yosef to swear in the way he did?
What are the symbols of the 12 tribes?
Eating treif under hashgacha
Understanding hachnasas orchim
Can a convert become a synagogue president? Why or why not?
Paying more for an item -- Ribis?
What is the significance of Eliyahu haNavi's travels prior to being taken up into heaven and Elisha haNavi's travels afterwards?
Can a non-Jew run a Judaica store?
Can a convert be a prophet?
Can a Jew own a business that employs or pays atheist Jews on Shabbat?
Can a Jew sell a sefer Torah to a non-Jew? Why or why not?
Is it OK to say Tehillim whenever the inspiration strikes?
Which Rabbinic source claimed that the Rambam "killed" the demons?
Will a "lower" Berachah made MiSafek exempt a different food that requires that Berachah (and vice versa)?
What exactly is "Psik Reisha"?
What ancient sources discuss the meaning of Psalm 22?
What are the most important writings of Rav Kook for Emunah and Hashkafah?
Did Hashem command Aharon to strike the water to bring the plague of Blood?
Should milk plates be separated from the table cloth where plates with meat are usually?
Is it necessary to use only the same Mohel?
What happens if someone converts to Judaism and then reverts?
Who was the strongest person in Tanach?
Kissing the hand to catch a cold?
What is the talmudic or midrashic term for "do not take the text literally?"
How widespread is the belief that Adam had a first wife?
If no-one went to synagogue on Friday night, do the people at home sing “Sholom Aleichem”?
Yosef "stretched his height" to conceal Rachel?
Why does the book of Esther use the present tense so often?
Understanding the servants' hard/soft hearts
Is there a special significance of 4 directions as opposed to 6?
Translating Hebrew works into English
Why did Moshe and Aaron need to use a staff in initiating the plagues?
How does one improve memory?
Does God benefit from our keeping of the Mitzvos?
Preventive Medicine on Shabbas
When does trash become muktsa on Shabbos?
Seeking explanation/reason for versions of "R'faenu"
Why did the Egyptian "astrologers" tell Pharaoh that a savior would be born?
Rav Nissan Kaplan - biography
Mistaken shehakol - correct it?
Did most Hasidic men wear the shtreimel and kapote in Eastern Europe?
How many calories are in a KeZayith of flour?
Kissing and Hugging one's wife
Berachot in Kriat Shema
Correspondence between 365 negative commandments and days of the year?
What are quotes in Neviim that mention justice?
Wording in Torah when Moshe is commanded to appear before Pharaoh
Is there a minhag for a chassan and kallah to hold hands after the chupah?
Looking for more information on the bridal virginity blessing
מֵאַבְנֵי (Gen. 28:11) and הָאֶבֶן (Gen. 28:18)
How can inanimate objects function as "witnesses" in the Tanakh?
Who is speaking in Ex. 3:17?
What is the Sod HaIbbur and what is so secret about it?
Children of a Cohen who had a vasectomy
Shnaim Asar Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Stacking Jewish books in order of holiness
Translation of פתחו לי שערי צדק
Which Sacred Books Require Burial?
Cohen and Vasectomy Marrying a women who wants to have children
Minhag of throwing Challah at the Friday night Seuda
Jewish Person Selling Non-Kosher Product
Who needs to check a m'zuza?
What is the origin for Reform to call their synagogues a "Temple"?
Is hair part of the human body or not?
Plague of darkness: if he was standing, he was unable to sit?
Can a pedestrian cause a Jewish driver to stop for him to cross the road on Shabbat?
Why demand Amen via V'Imru Amen (ואמרוּ אָמֵן) at end of kaddish versus just amen elsewhere?
Did Paro have an older brother?
Scheduling a USPS Pickup for Shabbos
Ibn Ezra's Arabic-based explanation of the vav heading some clauses
Answering Amen to Kaddish when you don't know where they are holding
Why did Avraham wait to have a bris?
Removing dirt from Sefer Torah on Shabbos
Why does Hashem sometimes wait until the very last minute?
Who did Daniel see?
What happened to Tohorot?
Explanation for couple not seeing each other before the wedding?
Did Mordechai have children?
Definition of Baal Nefesh
Ashkanazim paskening like Rema
Earliest time for Mincha Gedola
Did the Jews at Jericho stay silent for seven full days?
Is Ahimsa related to Hamsa?
Cutting pills on Shabbos
"But Rahab the harlot ... dwelt in the midst of Israel, unto this day"
Question on Terminology used in the Teaching of the Ari regarding Levels within the Highest Emanation
Why does someone wanting to get married need to show an Orthodox ketubah from a maternal ancestor?
Midrashic sources regarding the Sea splitting into twelve paths
Reading foreign literature: perspectives and experiences
Is the tree of the field a man?
Selling land to Gentile to build Church
Panim Chadashos on Chol HaMoed
Can a judge take an equal bribe from both sides?
What's the connection between Tu B'Shevat and (Bukser) carob?
Onain saying Kadish for parent's Yahrzheit
Change of name in Megillat Esther from Hegeh to Hegai?
Was Shlomo Molcho a great kabbalist or a false messiah?
Is it permitted to jay-walk on Shabbos if there is an automatic walk signal at the corner?
Did Shlomo Molcho actually declare himself a messiah?
Is mundane speech allowed in shul?
Are Shiurim (Classes) for Women common in Orthodox Synagogues?
Which Biblical and Talmudic personalities visited Heaven and returned to earth?
What is a good bilingual (English-Hebrew) concordance of the Tanakh and Talmud?
When Tu Bishvat falls out on Shabbos, when do we make the seder?
How did the Oral Torah survive the years after Joshua died?
What forms of evidence do batei din accept to establish that someone is Jewish?
Continuing to eat in a place that is visible from the initial eating place
Mikvah and illness
What's the Source for Jerusalem and Sepphoris Having Larger Measuring Units?
Are you allowed to borrow money from another Jew with interest?
Layout of Shiras HaYam: Half-Brick Over Brick
How do we reconcile the order of creating animals betweeen Genesis and science?
If I study Kabbalah at a place called Kabbalah Centre am I jewish?
Gentile Biography which Inspires
How exactly does one fulfill Kove'a Itim La'Torah?
Rashi: Caleb married Miriam
How is giyur le’chumra different from a standard conversion in practice?
Source for mid winter vacation
Seeing, fearing, then faith?
Shiras HaYam - why specifically by this miracle?
Are there cases of a one-time (extreme) punishment that rabbis meted for the sake of a community's commitment to Torah?
Why does God care about our service?
Does an Orthodox rabbi have to have semicha?
need for civil marriage license in the frum world
Is The Tree of Life Good or Bad
What is the status of a Kli Shemelachto LeIssur that's only used for Pikuach Nefesh?
Is there Moses Seat in Synagogue?
Dagesh for adornment
Can you daven with minyan when you have the flu?
What is the interpretation of Genesis 19, 5-8?
Is Sephardi Chief Rabbi Sholomo Amar's recent psak on fiduciary responsibility really "unprecedented"?
Why don't we distribute Ma'aser Rishon or Ma'aser 'Ani nowadays?
Did Joseph ever forgive his brothers? Did they request forgiveness?
How can we say "I have not seen a righteous man foresaken . . ."?
How do Segulas Work?
Sharpening a knife as Ne'itzah/Kelipah
Sharpening a knife as N"T
Asking a Rav a fake question
Kashering glass plates
Haredi clothing
What are important topics to discuss before marriage?
Clairvoyant Powers
Mishnayot in the Bavli
If my home is on fire on Shabbos or Yom Tov, what can I do?
Was Pinchas born in Egypt?
Is every mishna mentioned in the Bavli?
New Moon Based on Sighting Outside of the Land of Israel
What sources are there for the meaning of Yom HaMeyuchos (2nd Sivan)?
Why is Shekalim in the Bavli?
Software for organizing a "thing" gemach
Where can I find the Rif's commentary on tractate Niddah?
What percentage of Chabad still believes their Rebbe is the Messiah?
What does a tahara accomplish for a dead person?
Why is the Rif's digest of tractate Niddah hidden in tractate Shevuos?
Why does Onkelos translate "לֹֽא יוּכַל" as "לָא יִכּוֹל" rather than "לֵית לֵיהּ רְשׁוּ"
Bitcoin and Halakha
adoption and qualifying for being "officially" considered Jewish
What makes the Jews a nation?
Has anyone since Rashbi been considered so regularly involved in Torah study so as to be exempt from prayer?
Is there a way to find proximate words?
Why does Yisro tell Moshe that he came with Moshe's wife "and her sons" rather than "your sons"?
Source for song "Don't walk in front of me"
Is Extra virgin olive oil kosher by default?
what is the source suggesting that blasphemous sentences are exempted in distressing situations?
Breakdown of Yirmiyahu's 70 year prophecy
Which major gedolim have said Hallel on Yom Haatzmaut and Yom Yerushalayim?
Postmortem organ donation in halacha
Specialized Al Hamichya for Eretz yIsrael "Al Michyatah" על מחייתה
Urgency of resuming relations after niddah
Candles on Purim?
What became of Moshe's sons and their descendants?
Why do we venerate previous generations?
May a Jew be a professional boxer?
What does "Ribbono Shel Olam At" mean?
Refilling a saltshaker on Shabbos
When did the switch to matrilineal descent occur?
Yichud with someone who can't have an erection
Significance of the Kohen's hand gestures?
Waiting to reveal Kosher issue in order to get to the root of the problem
How can you get hot kosher food on campus?
Why can we not say the names of certain angels aloud?
Solar Powered Wrist-Watch on Shabbos
Protocol/requirements for repeat visits to a Shiv'ah house
Times where one must refrain from flatulence?
Can one make a mi'shebeirach for animals?
Why is a Jewish slave called an Eved Ivri and not Eved Israeli?
Mi Shebeirach for one that is ill - if you do not know the mother's name
Ha-Gommel before or after Kaddish?
Is sushi Muktzeh?
If two separate studies intersect, is it a good sign?
What is the proper way to enwrap oneself in a tallis?
Symbolism behind earrings used for the golden calf?
Sitting or Standing for Kaddish - historical divergence between Conservative and Orthodox minhag
Historical account of Jewish worship via the graves of saints and Prophets
Using a water filter, attached to the pipes, on Shabbos
Can you leave a sieve in your sink on Shabbos?
Do jews find it blasphemy to be judged by religious laws of the pagan country they live in
Difference between idol worship and Shrine worship
Bracha on giving Machatzis HaShekel
The media in Shushan
Why do aliyos end with a different tune?
How long was Yosef in prison?
Who was Poti-phera?
Mandatory evacuation on Shabbat: what can and can't you do?
Do ceramic salt and pepper shakers need to be immersed in a Mikvah before use?
Why does the verse in Mishpatim say Vashti ruled over fewer countries than mentioned in Ester?
Why did Lavan say "Ashre"?
How big did Mordechai get, and was it only in the king's palace?
Who wears a talis on leil Shabbos?
How does deep snow affect carrying on Shabbos?
Have recently-published allegations that Shlomo Carlebach was a sexual predator led to any bans of his music or conversions?
Stirah: is snow good or bad in Judaism?
Origin of myth about the hole in the sheet?
How does Kavush work?
How sharp a corner for Tzitzit?
Can I tuck tzitzit into the fabric square corners?
What opportunities do Orthodox women have to learn and participate in their communities outside the home?
If Sarah's Death is a "Merit" for Cheshvan, Why Isn't Moshe's Death a "Merit" for Adar?
If I am obligated to be drunk all the time, how is Purim different?
Learning Gittin a segulah for a good marriage?
Seeking Clear Definition of God in Judaism as Presented in Tanakh
How to respond to a non-Jew who asks to shovel your snow on shabbos?
Does a poor person have to give Maaser?
Adapting melodies from pop culture to liturgy
Magazine not delivered - what are they responsible for?
Mah tov la-adam bachayim - mi yodeya?
Tahanun on Superbowl Sunday in competing market?
May a Jew be a professional beat boxer?
How does one own and operate a hotel on Shabbat?
May a Jewish professional boxer box a Jewish professional beat boxer?
Do the laws of forgiveness apply equally to Jews forgiving non-Jews?
Source in the Aruch HaShulchan to not motzi (exempt) others with after-bracha on mezonot foods
PTIJ - Giving turkey to G-d
What are the parameters of Kiddush ha-shem?
Thinking about Purim Torah in the bathroom
Where was it first said that "The generation is diminishing and diminishing"? (הדור הולך ופוחת)
teshuvot from poskim via email or text?
Commandments on emotions
Mitzva of Tzedaka for Pikuach Nefesh
What route did Bnei Yisrael take through the Midbar? Seeking sources
Surviving the zombie apocalypse?
Shelosha Asar Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
What's a floor?
On the qualifications to be queen of Persia
How to teach the Purim story to children?
Permissibility of images of celestial bodies
Are there recordings of Rav Elyashiv ztz'l learning with his unique melody?
Obligation of community to support those who study Torah?
Laws of "Shehiyah" relating to a "Chayah"
What is the status of the "minor tractates"?
Is it Asur to wear apparel with the Versace symbol on it?
Who wrote the anonymous explanations of Rashi printed within the text of Rashi?
"Blias" in today's pots and pans
Are Sephardic Jews allowed to dress up in costumes on Purim?
When are you allowed to touch your (newly married) wife?
Which US half-dollar coin should be used for Zecher Machatzis Hashekel?
Naming after someone with added names
Which comes first, borei nefashot, or me'en shalosh?
What is the absolute minimum length for peyos?
What is the ruling of adultery in Torah or Tanach
How to get drunk on Purim and still pray?
Can you use the bimah as a shortcut?
Mezuzah on rental property
Jews allowed to pray and join Muslim congregation in Mosques and Experiences
Is it forbidden for the Jews to Establish a Nation of Israel?
Why do some synagogues offer kidush and others not?
Why all the repetition in Ⅰ M'lachim 6?
Some narrative difficulties related to the Midrash that identifies Haman with a previously-named character
Strike chest in "S'lach lanu" on Shabas?
Can the root ש ל ם be used to mean “Submission”?
Did the Rambam say it's OK for a Jew to convert to Islam?
May the prayer leader drink water (to lubricate his voice) during the weekday prayers?
Can I sit for “Kabbolas Shabbos” within 4 amos of someone saying the mincha Amidah?
What are signs of a prophet mentioned in Tanach
Understanding the usage of וגומר and וכולו
Remember the Sabbath day: meaning of "Sabbath"
Do other Chasidic communities follow Shulchan Aruch HaRav?
Is there a difference between "להלן" and "לקמן"?
Chovos Halevavos vs. Mesilas Yesharim
Names of Angels in Judaism
Bircas HaMazon of Channukah after the last day
Pasuk about community service
Is the angel named uriel or oriel
Is Juneau, Alaska -- surrounded by natural barriers -- a natural eruv
Importance of Gavriel in Judaism
Hefsek between hagafen and drinking during havdallah
Geographic size of an Eruv
Loshon Hara against public Jewish and non-Jewish figures
Is there a book which gives a good background understanding to Isaiah's prophecies?
Was Joseph's bad report on his brothers evidence or simply damaging?
why cure the snake bites with the nehushtan
Cholim she'yesh bahem sakanah
Becoming Deaf and Mute
What is the traditional interpretation of Dt. 18:18?
Meaning of dreams with some kinds of animals
Nature of cryptic prophecies
Is there a way to prove that a prophet is true?
Can the time a dream occurs influence its significance?
Is it possible for Nations to fail in recognizing a Prophet
Can a prophet add to or change the Torah?
What is the implication of suicide for home buying among Jewish people?
Who authored the 13 Ani Maamin's?
Bracha Achrona with a little pasta and a lot of rice
What is the difference between the blessing of Ga'al Yisrael preceding Shemoneh Esrei and the blessing of Go'el Yisrael?
Two manos of meat
How to explain Kashruth simply?
Mi Yodeya min HaTorah minayin?
How does Rashi knows that Shimshai safra is Hamman's son?
Origin of the term Yoshke?
ואם תאמר-- but what if we didn't say anything?
Modern Hebrew/Yiddish Names
The order of the wording of the Ben Sorrer U'Moreh source Mishnah
Shmuel on Bava Basra 90a
Is "Ambien" kosher for Pesach?
Toynbee's description of Jews as a "fossil" -- what was the Orthodox response?
Are there 8 Noachide Laws?
What sources, prior to the 19th century, support or refute the existence of the Council of Jamnia/Yavneh?
Mishenichnas Adar marbin b'simcha
How should I choose a Muktzah Klaf?
How to bury old s'farim
the Laws of Noah--how are the nations to know them
"Rabbi, teach me something new"
How do I make my Adars the same?
Why is kosher wine or grape juice rare alone but less so as an ingredient?
Why does the Megilla assume the listeners are hard of hearing?
Are psilocybin mushrooms permitted/prohibited/advocated in Jewish law or tradition?
Why do people drink expensive alcohol on purim?
Why do we sing Mi Shenichnas Adar to the tune of "Pick a bale of cotton"?
Is there a prohibition to live in a Moshav?
Vashti was never Killed
Can I walk out of class?
Americans and Kippas
Reading the Megillah on Friday
Why is Shimshon buried "in the grave of his father" and not father and mother?
The Parameters of Hakaras HaTov?
Matanos L'evyonim to a non-Jew
What’s Doctor Who doing in the Talmud?
Why did David only seem to prohibit a Moshav Leitzim?
Where is a Leitz supposed to live?
Hallel on Yom Nicanor
Is indirect matanot l'evyonim ok?
Are folded Hamentaschen Yotzei the three corners?
Are our moderators legal?
How did Vashti grow a tail?
Why when we read from two Torah scrolls is the one taken out first returned last and vice versa?
Can sefardim eat lafa before Pesach?
How did Achashverosh not think that Mordechai would be disturbed by the decree to kill all the Jews?
When does the cantillation for Ester and other books change?
Can a synagogue appropriate the contents of charity boxes not removed before a specified time?
Are you Yotzei Mikrah Megillah if you're spacing out?
Why does it matter that Mordechai was right-handed?
Whence "Purim"?
Claims on food labels: says who?
Oops! I said the B'Ymei Matisyahu instead of B'Ymei Mordechai
Why doesn't G-d's name appear in Megillath Esther?
Could the destroyer in Egypt discriminate?
What are the consequences of Vashti’s dual nature?
What were the marriage rights of the temporary wives of Rav and Rav Nachman?
What does the Megillah mean when it says Mordechai was "dover shalom" to all his seed?
Opened "please-take!" food items in a non-Jewish workplace
Why was Esther afraid to go to the King the second time, but not the first time?
What are the differences between G-d's mitzvos, chukkim and mishpatim?
What's bothering Rashi about the messengers delivering the king's decree in Esther 4:3?
Are there any Jewish sources that discuss vampires?
Why tie the Lulav?
Why doesn't everyone say 'Al HaNisim for both days of Purim?
May I buy and use cheap fakes instead of paying full price for brand-name clothes?
What differentiates the Artscroll Talmud compared to other translations?
What to do after sh'mone esre before Sh'ma
What is a "migu"
Should I only make one Berachah, or should I make one on each different food?
Asking a shaila where disclosure of classified information might be necessary
“Vashti the queen” vs. “Queen Vashti”
Standing for MiSheBerachs and certain other communal Tefilloth
Is the name of God associated with bris milah?
שונא מתנות by Mishloach Manos
How does the tree of life work?
Who is the author of "תוספות "אילמלי on כתובות ל״ג עמ׳ ב׳?
Have poskim written about partnership minyanim?
What are the behaviors which will cause the covenant between Bnei Yisrael and God to be broken?
If a gentile commited murder and then converted, can he be executed?
Which nation in this prophecy of Haggai will shake nations and will be given peace(שָׁלוֹם)
Certificate of Divorce by God to Israel
Why Ishmalites are accused of rejecting the Torah?
Can one use a year-round warming tray for Pesach? How?
How were girls educated during the Talmudic era?
Does every thing need a hechsher?
Why is the Talmudic style so Confusing?
"Lo Plog" in Shas
How could different pronunciations arise when we are obligated to pronounce the Shema precisely?
On what basis do we understand references to Orion and the Pleiades in Iyov?
What are some of the old commentaries prior to 1 BCE of the Torah?
What is the origin of learning Talmud daf yomi?
What are the oldest interpretations of Deuteronomy 33:2?
My father-in-law was a Cohen. Are my children Cohanim?
Why is the son of אסנ״ת משגע״ח called a sinner?
Charging interest to "your brother"
Rabbis giving conflicting opinions?
Is Halal Meat Kosher?
Was Lot, himself, sodomized when he first moved into Sodom?
What advice do the sages give for improving one's concentration in prayer?
What is the origin and meaning of mabrouk?
Source that a woman is considered to have a bris milah
How did the knowledge of the pronunciation of the Divine Name get lost?
What is a "sealed house"?
What Jewish References Exist of the Rise of Islam and Muhammad?
Is there any benefit for a gentile to convert through one denomination versus another?
Pretending in kiyum hamitzvot
What level of obligation is of kriat shema al hamita?
Was Ishmael a Gentile?
What's the word Avraham used for his religion?
Etymology/origin of the name "Ishmael"
What to do with the Cross on the Chess King?
Why doesn't "This is the bread of our affliction" answer one of the Mah Nishtana?
Why are people going back to paskining like the Rambam?
How is it possible for Muslims to be classified as Gentiles even if they Don't deem Torah to be corrupt and have Abrahimic Lineage?
Sifre Tora in boxes vs. in cloths
Difference between 'rafa' and 'ripa'
Chazzon Ish and Parshas Parah being D'Oraisa
Can a born-Jew who converted out of Judaism be buried in an Orthodox Jewish cemetery?
Is there a Halacha that sons may not be present at the burial of their parents?
Why omit "Av harachamim" for the four parashiyos?
Naming an orphan
Spitting at the High Priest on Yom Kippur
Davar Ha'avad on Chol HaMoed -- Loss coming later
How and exactly when was the Torah canonized and by whom
May a woman be a kvater?
Which part of Tanach did Moses give the people in Dt. 31?
Where does Ramban discuss OCD and the mikvah?
How can saying vidui for a dying person substitute for his own confession?
Limits to sale of חמץ
What if Someone Accidentally Killed Someone in an Ir Miklat (City of Refuge)?
Mishebeirach for someone who doesn't want their mother's name used
Legitimacy of selling חמץ
MiSheBerach for someone who doesn't like his/her own name
Using someone's mother/father's disliked name for ritual purposes
What is the appropriate method for transporting a Torah scroll?
Must a couple get divorced if they have no children after 10 years?
What if a Goel HaDam (Blood Redeemer) accidentally kills his kinsman's accidental murderer - inside the latter's 'Ir Miklat (City of Refuge)?
Do reward tokens qualify halachically as money?
Must one give maaser from virtual money?
Do we read it as directing or breaking the ear?
Is the wine spilled at the Seder "cursed"?
Why is it necessary to make a HaAdamah on Karpas?
Matzah eruvin on erev Pesach
Why can't a mixed gender meal of 3 form a zimun?
Borders of obligation when witnessing a robbery
Doing something in one breath
Different words for clothing
Formulation of Women's Zimmun
What Does Halacha Say About Women Wearing Veils?
Is it allowed to make paintings of living creatures?
Examples of Destruction of Idolatry in a Pagan Land
What is Ruach Rah
Premature birth contradicting science
What is the meaning of Adultery in this verse
Biblical significance of face veil
Bittul Chometz before the time
Tefillin with chipped paint
Wearing pieces from two different sets of tefillin
Why is a bris performed after death?
Eliyahu was answered as soon as he prayed. How does that prove the importance of mincha over other prayers?
brit-milah for dead infant
Is there any evidence that Rabbi Akiva's students fought alongside Bar Kochba?
Bircas HaMazon when starting to eat on Hoshanah Rabbah and finishing on Shmini Etzeres
Shliach Tzibbur and Tashlumim for missed tefillah
"Secular" studies in the Rhineland academies of the 11th-13th centuries
What bracha is made on Seaweed?
Significance of gray or white hair?
Can my non-Jewish co-worker bring me coffee from the corner cafe?
If a woman had more than one husband, to which would she be united at the Resurrection?
How do I get myself to yearn for moshiach if I'm comfortable in the diaspora?
Can egg Matzo be used to make an Eruv Chatzeiros on Pesach?
What were Bar Kochba's sins?
Is practical Kabbalah forbidden today?
Going to Cemetery on a yarhzeit
Making siyum on learning that "over laps"
Can I make a mikvah using artificial rain?
What Bracha do we say on bread baked with evaporated mei peiros?
The Rif and the Rosh on Nazir and Sotah
Not interlacing fingers in prayer
Are the Jews today still waiting for the Messiah to come?
Did all of Bnei Israel worship the golden calf?
Correcting tav/sav
Who is the author of Tehilim 137?
What tribe are the Bene Israel in India descended from?
Kayak or canoe on Shabbos?
Why is the wording of these cases in the Mishna arbitrarily split?
Why are the commandments for Rosh Chodesh and Passover in the same paragraph?
Shouldn't the flood have ended on the 18th of Cheshvan?
Why do we quote the pasuk from Pesach Sheni for Korech?
What happened to the second אהי-ה?
Jewish sects that accept only the Tanach
Who is a Jew according the Tanach?
Is it permitted to use a thermochromic cup on Shabbos?
Samaritan Torah and its semantic difference with Rabbinical Torah
Is it permissible to be mechalel Shabbos to save the life of an animal or pet?
Is it ever permissible to break Shabbos in order to relieve someone of suffering?
War between Ten Tribes and Yehuda
Sanctuaries at Beis El and Dan
Is it Ossur (forbidden) to sleep alone in a room or house?
Did Chazal know about China and the Chinese? and from which of Noach's sons do they hail?
Eating whole foods -- like sandwiches and pizza
the symbol of transformation in Judaism
Which types of light bulbs are 'only' an issur d'rabbanan to activate on Shabbat
Resuscitation of Aged Nursing Home Patients
Why is it that there's NO mention in the entire Torah (including Tanach) considering the Brain (Moach) as the source for thought?
Does it matter through whom you sell your chometz?
Are there any ancient Jewish dances?
What can I feed a vegetarian at my Pesach seder?
How did the Non Bani Israel became the followers of Prophet Moses
Are those who reject idolatry Yahudim (Jews)?
What happened to Balak?
Meat right after Milk... make a new bracha?
Chopping items makes them Kitniyoth?
Source for starting one limmud after finishing another
Any good sources for Ashkenazi prayer modes and melodies for the whole year?
Southern Birkas Ha'ilanos
Why were cows so Important and preferred as sacrifice over other animals in Bani Israel?
What are the earliest sources of Oral Law irrespective of Jewish denomination like Kariate Samaritan etc
Evidences for Messiah to redeem people
Why is there no description of Olam Haba in the Torah?
Were condemned prisoners drugged prior to execution?
Rabbeinu Asher ben Yeḥiel's nickname(s)
How to salt a chicken at home?
Does the State of Israel fulfill the coming of the Messiah?
Is there a custom not to eat roasted chicken at the Seder?
Do Jews have an obligation to support the effort to free Jonathan Pollard?
Where in the Torah does it says we cannot eat live anmals?
How to say Adonainu Moreinu VeRabeinu in Aramaic
What is the source of Yartzeit tablet?
Is it appropriate for a Gentile to attend and/or participate in a Seder?
May a woman look at a man for pleasure?
What constitutes roasting with regard to Minhagim?
What does 'בציצית' mean in 'להתעטף בציצית'?
Is it a mitzvah to escape the death penalty from a secular court?
What defines "on this earth" from a halachic standpoint?
Should someone who is falsely convicted by a relgious court attempt to avoid the death penalty?
Maple syrup bracha
Turn yourself in for a capital offense?
Attending networking events under false pretenses
Do modern Jewish cemeteries separate the "righteous" from the "wicked"?
Number of Yamim Tovim that fall on Shabbos
Early bird discounts and ribbis
How is one allowed to live in Israel?
Can God destroy Himself?
Can people in heaven see our world?
Is God active or passive?
What attitudes toward Jesus are acceptable for a Jew?
Are (opaque) stockings under a skirt considered enough to cover ervah?
How does the food part of an eiruv work?
Bigdei Shabbos on Erev Pesach
Preparing a dish on Shabbos by night for the day time (in regards to Borer)
Better for Man to Not have Been Created
Was it always the kohen who slaughtered the korbanot?
Is it permitted for a Jew to accept an invitation by the Pope to attend mass
What are the ways our Balei Mesorah suggest to engage children in the Seder?
Updating of holy books
Is Guinness Beer no longer kosher?
Should a Rabbi apologize for a comment that could be misunderstood?
Fasting for a child bechor before Passover
Earliest documentation of kissing
Decorated Tallis gadol
Why don't we build a Mishkan today?
Good Talmudic Grammar resource for one unfamiliar with grammar in general?
Why does the haggadah say to lean specifically to the left?
What is "בלי עין הרע"?
Rav ovadia Yosef mishna berura
Is there a tradition to pronounce kamatz katan as "a"?
Maimonides advice about dieting
Segulah for having a boy
Relations twice as segulah for boy -- What about zugos?
Why do Ashkenazim say a b'racha for each of the four cups?
What's the best way to dip maror into charoset if you're using horseradish?
Is it asur to listen to a parrot which is a perfect mimic of a woman singing?
Changing minhag about tallit gadol
When can I speak after eating?
How much can a DNA test help to get Israeli citizenship?
Making bedikas chometz early -- ossur in malacha, eating, learning?
Hagalas kelim in "tzir"
Starting the Seder quickly
Why is hell termed Gehinnom?
Arba'a Asar Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Starting the Seder after Sheki'ah (sunset)?
Rollerblading on shabbas?
Response to Gambling and Poker for recreational enjoyment
How is the prayer of אל ארך אפים on Mondays and Thursdays different from tachanun?
The Manna and non kosher taste
Can a Rishon argue on a Gaon?
What does "שברירי ברירי…‏" do? How?
Cities' רבנו‏יות's accepting others' food
Is it permissible to embarrass a thief?
Does caring for children in foster care count as work?
How did Chazal know they were right about "who is a Jew"?
Purchasing products that were not manufactured in a Torahdik manner?
At what cost must one perform a mitzvah?
What is the significance of the place from which Eve was created?
Stuffed nose and havdallah
Following the stringencies of different opinions
Does Halachah allow Jewish women to wear baggy ski pants while skiing?
Should a parent bless a child resting one hand or both?
What foods do not need a Pesach hechsher?
How can you keep Shabbos till Tuesday?
Problems with the kashrut of todays machine matzot
Symbolic relationship between Mothers and Exiles
Fixing incorrectly-said word in davening
Pinchas and Halacha In Front Of One's Rabbi
Levana or Yareach?
Inscription in kiddush cup relating to 4 Rivers of Eden
Holy Cities in Israel
Ownership of customer's chametz by a Jew owning a delivery receipt business
Effect of knockout on my soul
Does a synagogue have the right to dispose of objects abandoned there?
Animal testing of cosmetics and other products
Would my sale of chometz affect others?
Step-by-step Kashering: 'Iruy
Step-by-step Kashering: Hag'alah
Step-by-step Kashering: Libbun
Why were the Israelites not circumcised in the desert?
Beracha Achronah on milk
What did Beit Hillel and Beit Shammai argue about for three years?
What were the arguments for and against man's creation?
How were long-running talmudic discussions actually conducted?
Do Chazal discuss Mishael and Eltzaphan
Taharas hamishpacha practices during pregnancy
Ezekiel 16:4: לֹא הֻמְלַחַתְּ --- what practice does this describe?
The 4 sons - the evil son
Why were מִישָׁאֵל and אֶלְצָפָן chosen to remove Nadav and Avihu?
Maror and vinegar at the Seder?
Opening a fridge on Shabbat
While sleeping in a sukkah, are you exempt from prayer?
Who dropped Moses from the Hagaddah?
Does a cotton blanket for daytime use need tzitzis?
When did Matza become dry?
Bald men and kippot
Why is God so hidden from us
What's special about the chosen people?
Working in a Potentially Sinful Industry
Parshas Tzav - 96 Pesukim?
Where can I find responses to biblical criticism?
Saying Baruch Dayan HaEmeth when you don't know the person
What's "chosen" about Jews?
Why don't we salt newborns, per Ezekiel?
NFL and Rosh Hashanah. Ravens and Orioles scheduling debacle
וַיהוָה נָתַן אֶת־חֵן הָעָם בְּעֵינֵי מִצְרַיִם (Exo. 12:36): How did Adonai give "favor" (חֵן)?
Selling Chometz to a young gentile
Infinite Chain of Cause/Effects
May one sell challah to a gentile?
Daled cosos m'akev each other?
How can we just make our chametz ownerless?
Can you join a minyan in another room?
Do Sefardim Eat Chametz-Like Food made from Fruit Juice?
Egg matzah in early Nisan
Kitniyot for gerim?
Why does age of a water filter affect how to kasher it?
How do we meet Jews without the religious worship?
Is there an 'Inyan of Upsherin for girls?
Why "מִי וָמִי" instead of "מִי וּמִי"?
Taanis Bechoros for a first born from a C-section
Missing part of a bracha - yotzee b'dieved?
Selling to a gentile on Yom Tov -- Same by a Jew?
Why was there a covenant cut with the benei Yisra'el at Sinai, then at Chorev, and yet again at Mo'av?
If Hashem brought about Macos Bechoros by himself, with out any angel, then what is the משחית?
Why does the Haggadah tell us that "Even if they are all Chachmim" they are obligated in Sippur?
Kodesh Hee Shabbath HaMalkah
"גוט שבת, גוט שבת"
Who should observe Isru Chag?
Are you permitted to weigh Maror on Pesach night?
What to do with Elijah's leftover wine?
What does the word "Karpas" mean?
Opening up wrong Sefer Torah (Chol HaMoed Pesach)
Where are the brachot written down?
Easiest way to determine if something is "Chametz" or permitted for Passover?
Custom of not eating by other people on Pesach
Receiving someone else's chametz mail
Why do we say we don't dip food on other days?
Why are the Egyptians more concerned with the Exodus of the Jews than their own defeat?
What does "שבת היא מלזעוק" refer to?
Thought about Sefirah but did not say it verbally
Why are some sons' answers different from what's written in the Torah?
Four cups of wine by the Pesach Seder -- From the Torah?
Shir Hama'alos in "Barech"?
paskening in front of Rebbi who is your father inlaw
Drinking Water after Eating Fish
What were the original kitniyos?
Why seem to sell and be mafkir chametz?
May I vote Stack Exchange answers up or down during Chol Hamoed?
May I let my web browser save my browsing session during Chol Hamoed?
Pesach: Shira Taamim?
What does ריש חזית mean?
Why is Moshe (mostly) absent from the haggadah?
How much is 2 Zuz worth in current USD?
Eating Karbon Pesach -- Must lean?
Shliach for bedikas chometz -- making another shliach
Bracha on Hallal Chol HaMoed Pesach (in regards to Sephardim)
Niqqud for שְׁיָרֵי in Zevachim mishnah
Allowing the forbidden for the sake of a Mitzvah
Why is there a difference of opinion about whether modern magic is prohibited or permitted?
How large is a typical contemporary hagada commentary?
Would a convert/Ba'al Teshuvah have to remove any tattoos they may have?
Tattoo of an image of idolatry
Violating the prohibition of wearing Sha'atnez
Why do we call the Festival of Matzos "Passover"?
Correct way to deal with a damaged mini-torah?
Sephardim and Two Sifrei Torah
Source? The day you were born was the day Gd decided the universe could no longer exist without you
Hebrew of the Mishneh Torah
Besamim Motzei Shabbos Chol HaMoed
Mishna, Brakhot 2a: When the kohanim enter...where?
Why is the Haggadah written in Hebrew?
Do sefirah mourning restrictions occur on Isru Chag?
Why does אין כאלקינו differ on שבת?
Translation of the word "nimshal"
Correct response to tizku l'mitzvot
What if the non-Jew who owns the chametz dies?
How old was Pharoah when he died?
Shehecheyanu on sefiras haomer
Is the term Cushite used to refer to people of African descent?
Proof from Mishneh that Hilchos Chol HaMoed is M'd'rabbanan
Did King David really fast on alternate days?
Is it a mitzvah to save someone from execution by Beth Din?
Explanation in Tosfos Pesachim Daf 99b
Not eating chametz in Eretz Yisrael on "Achron shel Pesach"
What steps are required to make aliyah to Israel?
Must one be able to taste the matzah?
Are there still descendants of Aaron serving as priests in Jerusalem?
Hamracheim or Hammerachim?
Kohen removing watch and cufflinks before performing the Priestly Blessing
Are there any minhag and customs specific to Czech Jews and have they been documented?
In front of Moshe, why not all of Klal Yisrael?
Saying Rishonim or Achronim were "wrong"
Is there a concept in Jewish law similar to a corporation?
Why say "שבת היא מלזעוק"?
Sofek d'rabbanan by tevillah of an isha
Insurance and Ribit
When was matzah eaten besides for Pesach? (Chametz u'matza)
Whence "בלי עין הרע"?
Does someone maternally Jewish, but without documented proof, need "giyur l'chumra"?
Smoking meat and milk
Davar charif cut with meat knife -- why not ossur?
May a man become a gynecologist?
Why was there a distinction made for women captives?
Answering someone's questions
Issues with kallah trying on wedding ring before wedding
What 12 tribes are meant in many places while there really were 13?
Is a Jewish farmer allowed to raise animals for non-kosher slaughter?
Why don't islands read the m'gila two days?
Singular and plural language in Vaikra 10:1
What are the reasons that chewing cud is a kosher sign?
Holocaust Rembrance Day(s)?
What is the significance of the skull of Araunah the Yevusi?
Would a genetically engineered red heifer be usable?
Why is age 3 the age at which a girl is able to have intercourse?
What is the interpretation of Zechariah Chapter 3?
Is there a prohibition against bringing children to a shiva house?
Why do Cheshvan and Kislev vary in length?
What does one do if he makes a mistake in Brachos before Birkas HaTorah?
Did HaShem "regret" creating someone/something
Seforim with Drashos on the Torah (Recommendation)
Is Coca Cola (and other beverages) kosher everywhere in the world?
When and why did women change to ritually bathing in the Evening?
What is the proper greeting for Yom HaShoah (Holocaust Day)?
A quote of Shlomo ibn Gabirol
Who was the first person to be referred to by acronym?
Is it allowed to make bread in the shape of the lechem hapanim?
What would have happened if the sin of the spies never occurred?
Can one use potential wind power to transport on Shabbos?
Why stand for responsive T'hilim?
Why was Ephraim's count not affected by leaving early?
How can I make the experience of eating more holy?
Why do we make a blessing on the blossoming of fruit trees (birkat hailanot)?
Viewing copulating animals
Can a man marry a woman with the same name as his mother? (Or vice-versa?) How?
Kohen Duchaning with First Two Fingers Together
Who are the Yekis?
Which type of government is suitable in the present world according to Jewish Law?
Someone who keeps one day Yom Tov Cooking on Chol HaMoed for someone else's Yom Tov Sheini
What is mainstream Chabad's view on Elohists?
Relations with messianists
Rabbi Akiva's students died because lack of respect, but he said Veahavta Lireacha Kamocha is Klal Gadol?
Learn how to keep the feasts of Israel.
Agnostic Jew serving as the tenth for a minyan
Difference between the spoils in Yericho and Ai
Bet HaMikdash and Olam Haba - Rambam
Eyebrow Trimming During Sefira
How to handle cadavers
הוא is he? Or is it?
Eating Matzah of Tevel or Heqdesh
Can one say "Hazak u'Baruch" to both men and women? If not, is there a female equivalent?
Why was the Shulchan Aruch's ruling to wait until Lad LaOmer to cut one's hair?
'Kavannah' of Shem Havayeh in the first line of Kriat Shma
Why are there so many made-up stories about rebbes?
Do cremated remains contaminate with tumas mes?
Sleeping between meat and milk
Not mentioning "Pesach" in after-bracha at the Seder (Or "Shabbos" by after-bracha by a Kiddush)
Is it permissible for a single woman to have a baby through artificial insemination by an anonymous sperm donor? Is it moral?
Is a convert free to choose his own minhagim?
Does a lady count as a Panim Chadashos?
Rashi's Daughters wearing Tefillin
What exactly constitutes the 13 attributes for the purpose of not saying them without a minyan?
Should a torah scholar be cruel to his family?
Language of Mishneh Brurah - Sefiras HaOmer and counting before Aleinu
When should one hide her mezuzot?
Why are rabbonim referred to by the names of their seforim?
Would it be permissible to believe that Jesus is the messiah if that belief otherwise entails no rejection of halakha or Jewish tradition?
Why is the Kitzur so much more popular than the Chayey Adam?
Sources discussing paying for Torah education
How old was Avraham when he sired children with Keturah, and was that unusual?
Zechuto Yagen/Tagen Alenu?
Is each part of birkat Kohanim a full blessing?
Hamapil immediately before sleep, but what about undressing?
Is metzitzah b'peh required when an adult is circumcised or in the case of hatafas dam bris?
Challah dough that loses its amount
Do Rabbis have to be Jewish by ethnicity?
Are Christians and/or "Messianic Jews" considered Jewish by Jews?
Shiur of "Miut Hamatzui"
Do people who are Jewish by ancestry but are descendents of apostates need to convert?
100% Polyester or Silk suits requiring checking
Kohen flying over a cemetery?
What about the Kohen?
Purpose of Suffering
Does a Rov have to answer a question?
The torah sometimes uses "olah tamid" and sometimes "olat tamid" but they seem to mean the same thing; what's the difference?
Do non-toxic, biodegradable kitchen/dish cleaners pose a Kashruth problem?
Are we allowed to ask someone if he's a convert?
Would I be allowed to sell my Chametz alcohol during the Prohibition?
Do Jews have to keep the 7 Noahide laws?
When is a grafted tree Kosher?
Looking for Passages of harsh criticism in the Shakh
Learning Torah without understanding
Is the bracha of Retzei (avodah) a Bakasha?
What is the Halachic difference if people are kosher or not?
Why "אֲשֶׁר תַּשִּׂיג יָדוֹ" in Lev. 14:22?
How could David lie with Bat Sheva if she had a Safek Get?
Difference between leaving place of eating and place of smelling besamim
What is the spiritual value of counting the omer?
Is it forbidden to wear a snap-brim Borsalino fedora on Shabbos?
Why do people call cancer the machalah?
What did the communal korbanot on Yom Kippur atone for?
What was so good about Naamah the Ammonite?
What is the reason that you are not allowed to learn Torah shebictav at night?
Noda B'Yehuda and the Tzavah of Rebbe Yehuda HaChossid
Does Judaism permit sexual relationships outside of marriage?
Playing with a pet on Shabbos
Why is it customary for Jews to grow beards?
Question on Mordechai -- Chiyuv m'drabbanan being motzei chiyuv m'doraisa
Talmud comes from Har Sinai?
Counting the omer with doubt before the fixed calendar
Can semicha be removed?
Interpreting events during prayer as signs
Does the mitzvah of Tzedakah require poverty and inequality in society?
Why did God create outer space?
Rabbi Soloveitchik's wife and hair coverings
other names of Hashem (instead of Ado..) in davenning and brachos?
Is Unitarianism considered to be idolatry?
Is it a popular notion that a Jew should "have at least three children..."?
Setting up municipalities run by Jews in Eretz Yisrael
Speaking in the middle of Havdallah
Is free will limited to humans?
Stitches on Shabbos
It´s allowed to play with rubik cube in shabos? if not whay? what melache?
What does the concept of rehovot hanahar mean?
Is the observance of Jewish law/tradition "all or nothing"?
Is a non-Jew reliable for Sha'atnez?
Questions about the destruction of Sodom and the vicinity
Is idolatrous belief forbidden for gentiles, or is it just practice?
Can I prevent trespass through (for example) my garden?
Am I allowed to wear my Pebble Watch on Shabbat?
Why did God destroy Sodom in such a strange way?
To what extent should one not sell unkosher goods?
Singing Lecha Dodi before Shabbos
Chachma, bina vaadat. Whats the difference?
Depicting the Jewish wedding
Why did Noah have to wait so long to exit the ark?
What is the Shekhina?
Catching Up When Saying Tachanun M/Th
Why do the middat hayom start with chessed and progress to malchut?
Using a cell phone as a watch on Shabbos
If a Jew visits a mosque and offers a prayer to "Allah", which commandments are being violated?
Can we really estimate halachic distances?
What's the Shiur of Mashehu?
May one say kaddish for a non-Jew?
Men davening in the women's section while they catch up
Do men on the women's side count toward a minyan?
Is there a Jewish symbol for evil?
Stopping gentile from doing borer on Shabbos
Were semi-marine animals on Noah's Ark?
Should the Gemora allow boiled food on Pesach?
Can you buy juice before Pesach without a Pesach certification?
What would be the problem with these strange walls?
Eating meat on a regular basis
Cooperating with the authorities on Shabbos
Time-limited promotional giveaways for some, fees for everyone later
What is so special about the 613 mitzvos?
When should one change one's Minhag with one's Makom (and when should one not)?
While playing a computer game, may I "worship" one of the game's "gods" to help me win?
Is idolatrous belief forbidden for Jews, or just idolatrous practices?
Bicurim from something planted in a pot
How should the items on the noticeboard in the synagogue be arranged?
Why do we do anything for Pesach Sheini?
What can be done with my annoying smoke detector on Shabbos?
An Arched Tzuras Hapesach
What is special about Molech?
May one say the letters of Hashem's name i.e. “Yud hei vov hei”?
Standing up for an older person who is already sitting down
Repentance for stealing not accepted?
Comparrison of Tefillin to the Beis HaMikdash
What's her husband doing at the gates in the middle of her song?
Can a single-parent father be exempt from time-bound mitzvot?
What Chasam Sofer writes in regards to a Kohen Gadol marrying a Basuleh
Meditation before Mitzvah activities
Writing Sefer Torah for Melech (King)
Origin of using priestly blessing on Friday night
Chasam Sofer on innovation
Ana B'Koach authorship and the 42 letter name of Hashem
Can a shul give an aliyah to an openly gay Jewish man when it gives aliyah to people who violate Shabbos?
Can the descendants of a mamzer ever become full Jews?
Seeking examples of various gematria methods
Satmar Rebbe's opinion on Mechitza
Why is the seder "beseder" (in order)?
What's the Hebrew idiom for "what's his name" or "What's his face"
Using water filter/purification system on Shabbos
Is a Jew able to go hunting?
What is a non-Jew's purpose in life?
Why do plastic bags and not fuselages protect against impurity?
Why is Orpah listed first?
Hatoras Nedarim for wife taking her husband's Minhagim
Why is a utensil required when washing one's hands after bathroom use?
Ashkenazi unsure whether he or she counted the 'Omer one night
Throwing out food with "questionable" hechsher - bal tashchis?
If a non-Jew steals is he liable to the death penalty?
Is there a concept of time in Gan Eden and the world to come?
Apostate Jew performing mitzvahs
Sitting shiva for non-Jewish relatives?
Kitniyos or Matzah Ashira?
Renting building from a church
Responding to "that's not a Jewish name"
Naming after the Patriarchs/Matriarchs and Biblical heroes
What's wrong with being haughty?
Does a Jewish idolater's pouring of non-mevushal wine make that wine forbidden to himself?
Have the empires of old perished?
Would Adam and Chava have been permitted the tree of knowledge if they'd waited?
Rambam and Eliyahu Hanavi and Mosiach
Will prophecy return in the time of Mashiach?
Can we teach reading Hebrew without using the full names of the letters and vowels?
Eating new grains on the 17th vs the 18th of Nisan
Is the expression "we do not rely on 'bar elahin'" a reference to Christianity?
Was Ruth beautiful?
Source for Rav Avraham Yosef's ruling on Ba'alei Teshuva
Where did the sing-song chant that Jews often use while contrasting points come from?
Tachanun on Pesach Sheni - sources for the diffferent customs
Pleasure of woman at the end of relations (source in Chazal?)
Can members of Hatzolah learn how to deliver a baby?
Mistake in aliyah on Rosh Chodesh
How should parents divide wedding expenses with their child's future in-laws
May a Jew own/operate a blog open to comments?
How much is an ashkenazi kesuba today
Making a delayed havdallah from Motzei Shabbos on the night of Rosh HaShanah
How do rabbis explain the reason for the Spanish Expulsion. Why did the Jewish people deserve it
Why was the torah given on a mountain?
Non-Ashkenazic Talmud-learning tune
Is there a stated freedom to contract?
Overhead projector on Shabbos?
Chametz left over Pesach -- Must be burnt?
Not eating from the Lechem Mishnah, rather from the incomplete bread
Can "Three D'Rabbanans be 'motzei' "Two D'Rabbanans"
Being m'ziah (sweating) individual body parts on Shabbos
Why celebrate Lag Ba'Omer on the 33rd according to the MaHaRIL?
How much must be eaten from the lechem mishneh
Source for Rebbe Shimon leaving the Mareh on Lag B'Omer
Root of word צְלוֹתְהוֹן?
What God must gentiles believe in?
Why does Tanya list editions?
Are non-Lubavitch Tanya editions listed?
One Challah or Two?
Were there any sages who supported the Zealots during the siege of Jerusalem?
Should the Ten Tribes observe Chanuka and Purim?
What should I do if my synagogue faces away from Jerusalem?
Reasoning for doing/not doing mourning customs in second half of the omer
What happens to the family of a Kohen today if his wife is a victim of rape?
Concern for liquidy finished product only
Why did nobody succeed the Lubavitcher Rebbe?
Why is the ketuba left incomplete until the signing?
Where does it say that one must wear two layers on their head(one of the reasons for the black hat)?
Is it permitted for a minyan to daven outdoors?
Is there dancing at a divorcee's wedding
Place to study Zohar
Levi does not want to wash Kohen's hands
Source for bechorot losing/reclaiming priesthood
Cooking Parve food but with mixed utensils
References for learning Aggada
Is there a concept of "merit of the mothers"?
Structure and relevance of Sefer Yeshaya
Why are few names the same in Tanakh?
Why was Mesha king of Moav successful?
Will all Jews speak Hebrew when Mashiach comes?
Contradictions between Federal and State Laws as they relate to Dina De'Malchusa
What meaning do the names of the ten sons of Haman have?
Why wasn't the Torah given in Israel?
Netzach, Selah, Vaed - what is the difference between these words?
Placing a unattached plastic over the stroller on Shabbos / Yom Tov
Are marriages on Shabbat allowed?
Honoring parental requests that don't benefit the parents
Were there restrictions on marrying members of other tribes?
Source for story about R' Yishmael ben Elisha's mother?
Ta'amei Mikra and the Torah Scroll
Are males with older sisters "firstborn" for the purposes of the Fast of the Firstborn?
Bar Mitzvah candle-lighting?
Amen on a Berachah that may be out of place but isn't false
Strange abbreviation זי"ע
Why don't merchants have torah, according to R. Yochanan?
Why does 'sharpening' depend on effort, and memorization on divine assistance?
Maris Ayin and bags from restaurants
What is a Shabbos Kallah?
May one make a siyum on a day he is fasting?
Why is one permutation of the name of God backwards?
Segulot for finding a Shidduch
Who edited the "Nusach Sefarad" nusach?
Conversion to Islam
Davening in front of a picture of 'Avodah Zarah
Is there a law of Hachana?
If you must stop shmoneh esrai, should you take 3 steps back?
Is it written anywhere that one must stand up for what he believes is right?
What is my relationship to an object once I have pledged it as hekdesh?
Annulling nedarim on the basis of noladim
Source for "Ben Adam Lemakom" and "Ben Adam Lechavero"
Have there ever been inter-faith debates between Jews and Muslims?
Confectioners glaze - non alcoholic
Chamisha Asar Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
How does Hillel's answer summarize the whole Torah?
Why redeem hekdesh?
How to care about the molad
How are pre-creation >4000 BCE human civilization and pre-flood >2300 BCE civilizations that continued reconciled with Judaism?
Do permanently unmarried women need to go to the mikvah?
What actually happened to Jacob's and Laban's sheeps and goats?
What scriptures did Josiah discover in Kings II?
Location in Ohr Sameach of discussion of the nature of a messenger for a get
Ari Zal and Sefira
A reference to the soul of a Tzaddik like an eyelash in milk
Not to give a divorce (Get) in the month of Iyar
Is one allowed to sin a small sin to save himself from bringing a Chatas?
Why is Chronicles so similar to Kings?
Who said to whom? (M'nachos 70)
Who should be asking nidda questions?
Source for shuls flying in yemos hamoshiach?
Forgot to say Yaaleh V'Yavo by Shacharis Rosh Chodesh - before the Molad
What is the meaning of this painting?
What is the origin of the dispute on which way to wrap tefilin shel yad?
Zeraim Moed Nashim Nezikim Kodshim Taharos - why not Moadim?
Why did Chava give Adam the fruit to eat?
Did Chava tell Adam she was giving him fruit from the etz ha'das?
Why is Avraham's monotheism not mentioned in the torah?
Does a siyyum in the 9 days obviate other issurim?
Is it permitted to learn in kollel without earning a living?
When did the Kanievsky family switch from Chasidic to Litvish?
Eating bread on Shabbos
May a Jewish cemetery refuse a body?
The Torah scrolls written by Jewish kings
How much of the sefer torah did the king read each day?
The Brakhah 'Ha-Tov ve-ha-Meitiv' and Wine
canned whipped cream on shabbas?
How does one request a haskama (approbation)?
Are there any books which specifically deal with the laws of an Aguna? Preferably in English?
Is Niddah considered to be gilui arayos for purposes of martyrdom?
How to fix incorrect omer count
Why did it take so long to conquer and divide the land?
Misreading a k'suva
Going to lectures with overhead projector on shabbat
What are the most recited verses during Jewish prayer?
What is a Hava Amina Teretz?
Is a child believed (neman) for halachos in regards to himself?
Seeing dam due to relations and the halachos of vests
Is it a greater mitzvah to return a lost item anonymously?
What is the proper way to hold one's hands while praying?
Seudas Pidyon HaBen and Bris Milah together
Is it Tzaar Baalei Chayyim to feed a live animal to another animal?
Reasons for divorcing a woman (sourcing a chiddush)
Is there a halachik problem with wearing shorts while davening?
Blowing shofar at a wedding
Invalidating women from the priesthood and from terumah
Answering "amen" to "Ahavas olam" in the evening but not in the morning
Do you get credit for unintentional mitzvot?
How do we translate חַטָּאִים?
Are homeopathic remedies kosher?
Would a replacement kohen gadol be anointed on yom kippur?
Are placebos permitted without telling the person they are getting one?
What parts of the service do you say when late to Shacharit?
When do we add Ye'aleh V'yaboh?
When do we add Al Hanisim?
When do we switch from Morid Hatal to Morid Hageshem and vice versa?
What should one do if he forgets the changes in the tefilla during the Aseret Yemei Teshuva?
Sefirat ha'omer as Conditional mitzvah
What is an example of a "Tavshil Shel Baser"
Is a child born to a kidnapper also considered kidnapped?
Does a rapist have any parental rights to a child conceived from the rape?
simple faith versus blind faith
Why must the birkas kohanim be "with love"?
Is there a custom that the person who makes the siyum on the fast of the first-born should be a bechor?
Shisha Asar Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Can a Jew cut a non-Jew's nails consecutively?
Why is birkas kohanim in the masculine singular?
When the first of the 3 days of hagbalah is Sunday, are haircuts permitted the Friday before?
Blessing children together or individually?
What if someone is unable to believe in God?
Shoe-tying order when tying another's shoes
How can we have better Kavanah in Tefilla? Specifically Tachnuneem?
What is a "time of kingdom's decree"
Is there any evidence of Nephilim?
are bionic abilities legal for shabbos
Listerine strips on Yom Kippur and Pesach
Why don't we count sefirah without shem u'malkhut
What are the 14 types of Jewish Years?
I am or was a religious jew and purposely ate non kosher
Why do all people disappear on Saturday at mi.yodeya, is this considered work?
What is considered work on the sabath?
What is the source for a Bar Mitzva seuda?
Is it considered Pikuach Nefesh if you break Shomer Negiah to give someone emotional comfort?
What is the source for the Baal Shem Tov’s application of Psalm 122 (1) to a marriage?
May the Sotah take the bitter waters intravenously?
Do the Gemara and the Rema prohibit, or encourage, women putting on talit and/or tefillin?
What if somebody says the Shem Hameforash?
What happens if the accused sotah doesn't consent to the ritual?
Do a mitzva for mashiach?
Facing east when standing in prayers
Korbon tomid whilst Jews were travelling (as opposed to camping) in the desert
How does Halacha view someone who converts to Islam?
What do Sephardic sources have to say about women wearing t'filin?
Relying on the tasting of a Jewish chef
Why do we still even try to do Sheluach HaKan?
Why is Shavuos all alone?
One who says something in the name of the person who originally said it
Why do children wear crowns on Shavuot?
Preparing food for Yom Tov Sheni
Do you have to listen to the mikveh lady?
Why did God reveal himself only before there were recording devices?
Why are Milochos based on the construction of the Mishkan?
The silence of the Rabbis -- Should they have defended Bar Kamtza?
What is the importance of Chiddush?
List of Publishers
How does this math work out?
Is there an inyan to eat Cheesecake on Shavuos?
Do non-jews have soul mates?
What kind of cleanliness is required to put on Tefillin?
Does Bishul Akum require intent?
Finding Kosher Fruit Flavored Snacks
Is it possible for God to have rejected us, even in theory?
Why do some Jewish groups wear a uniform?
What are the parameters of 'minhag yisrael'?
How can I know a rav has daas Torah
Where is the source of the prohibition of listening to Kol Isha?
Halachic extension of the Giving of the Torah and marriage analogy
Is Psalm 110 considered messianic?
Significance of man relative to God
Krias HaTorah (or Megillah) before Davening
What is the Purpose of Punishments in the Afterlife?
Wearing Tefillin over toupe
Not speaking between Shemoneh Esrei and Hallel
Why is semicha specifically to ordain a Rabbi to give psak?
Does one mourn during the days following Shavuot?
Why is elevation not factored into zmanim in places like New York?
chassan/kallah signing the kesubah or tenaaim
All but every 6th letter begins the name of a misechte
The reason Aaron's two sons died
Mashiach arriving upon the observance of Shabbat
According to Reform Judaism, should rabbis be allowed to have non-Jewish spouses?
Why do Israelis keep one day of Yom Tov?
Does halacha permit a Jew to practice Islam simultaneously?
An interpretation of Shimon's "silence" in Pirkei Avot
Employment questions I have
Not making a wedding on the first 3 days of a month
Sofek in Bircas HaTorah -- why not say all of the brachas?
What allowed Jews to change the way they pronounced words?
Gemarah on Baal Teshuva
How do we know that homosexual relations is a sin?
Do we embarrass someone in cheirem?
Who were the Rambam's students?
Why did God take 6 days to create the world?
Why do we get "so did they do" for the commandment of expelling tamei people in Parashat Naso?
How to say mizonos first on an ice cream cone
why was technology withheld for so long from man
Does torah study refine one's character?
Is it permissible to use an umbrella on Shabbat?
Why would somebody become a nazir?
Talking in shul
Holocaust Responsa of Rav Ephraim Oshry
Should there be a mezuzah on a room that has baby diapers?
Does an unnecessary brocho pesucha on Hallel necessitate a brocho siyuma?
Was Rambam affected by Islam?
Eliphaz and Bildad Zophar
What date was Kibrot Hattaavah?
Can I cut my toenails consecutively?
food containers - why is hechser needed?
Borer on Shabbos -- Spilling food from a spoon with 2 foods on it
When not a problem of lifnei iver, still mitzvah to be mafrish (seperate) from issur
What consititutes a "complete interruption" between talis katan and gadol?
Taking a shower after mikveh for men - where is the Ari source that one shouldn't?
Quail or fish in B'midbar 11:31?
Borrowing a talis and wearing a talis katan. Say a b'racha?
Difference between Pesik Reshe Delo Niha Le, Pesik Reshe Delo Ichpat Le, & Melacha She'en Sarich LeGufa
Why is a “Nazir” not allowed to drink wine?
Talmid that is an Avel going to a wedding of his Rebbe
What does Tosfos 46B mean by "for the sake of the sukkah"?
Why were these pasukim chosen for the upside down Nuns?
Learning non-jewish topics as a creative process during Shabbat
Newcomers Overwhelmed by Myriad Halachas
Aruch Hashulchan's moon-distance estimate
How do we know that God does not take human form?
May a man wear a wedding band?
Cicadas - once in 17 years
What happened to insects during the flood?
Must one pray with a minyan?
May one eat cheese that is wormy?
Why is Jacob idolized and not villainised?
Satmar Derech Halimud
Who wrote the Piskei Tosfos?
Why do people say that Abraham and his family were idolaters at first?
Can a gentile light a Shabbat candle and do the prayers?
Can one trust the Kashrut of Alcoholic Beverages in bars?
Stolen goods that rise in value at the time of theft - how does this effect compensation?
Are Kol Ishah and seeing a woman's exposed hair rabbinic prohibitions according to the Shulhan 'Aruch?
Doctor's mistake and homicide
Does Genesis 2:4 say there was only one day of creation?
Witness signing on a get "ben ish ploni"
Where does the minhag of holding a pinky up to the Torah come from?
Spilling wine for Detzach, Adash, Be'Achav
Does demolishing idolatry require specific authority?
Demolishing Idolatry sneakily?
Structure and form of the ketubah
The two bringings in Numbers 8:9–10
Artificial non Kosher food
Why is it the halocho (law) that persuading others to give is greater than giving?
Techum Shabbos in a large private area?
Can you ask God to kill you?
Should the Christian cross be seen as an idol?
Eavesdropping: permitted or prohibited?
Under what circumstances is a false virgin put to death?
How do you weigh authority in halacha?
How can you bring a korban if it is not yours?
What did the Jews' animals in the desert eat?
Is there any water in a korban minchah?
Is private crossdressing authorized?
List of oppressors of the Jewish people
Looking around before and after Shemona Esrei
Shiv'a Asar Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Killing somebody with the keys to the synagogue
Has an idol been clearly defined as to what is an Idol that makes it Avodah Zarah?
What is the source for not using honorifics like "rav" or "hacohen" when reciting names for mishaberachs?
Why is crossdressing permitted on Purim if it's forbidden without condition?
Shnayim mikrah v'echad targum - why twice?
Voting on "Who's good for the Jews?"
Voting for Jews in elections
Can a person sell their portion in heaven?
Continuing to eat somewhere else because of the das of bal habayis
Can a shul be said to have a second Bimah?
what are the duties of the two gabbaim on the bimah?
any source for the idea that the Baal Koreh represents Moshe Rabbainu?
Were korbanos olah prohibited?
Jewish-themed Open Source projects
French and Italian are Related: Linguistic Knowledge in the 12th-14th Centuries
Why are Pidyon HaBen ceremonies done towards evening?
Subjectivity in Halacha
Saying "Elokim" when not referring to Hashem
Do black hats make the Jew?
How do I know if a midrash is accepted?
What scribal variations (decorations etc) have changed from the earliest sifrei torah until now?
What constitutes a shinui?
What is the status of the psak of a Maharat?
Keeping up with "local" standards of modesty and dress - of religious Jews, or of society at large
Hebrew alphabet spelling for phrase in psalm 23, and the phrase "God is my refuge"?
Hyphenating the word Hashem
Why was Eliyahu Hanavi taken to heaven alive?
May I play a computer game which includes Greek mythological creatures?
Facebook in the bathroom
Confessing to Adultery
Is it necessary to buy a burial plot while still alive?
Why has the poro aduma no reason
Why do we have shmitta only in Israel
What is so special about wearing Egyptian clothing
If Hashem doesn't change, how does prayer work?
Regional Ashkenazi Pronunciation
What lesson do we learn from Abraham paying money for the Cave of Machpelah?
Can a woman make an eiruv for her minor children?
Chain of tradition for stories/parables told by Rashi
hebrew grammar query, Bamidbar 31:17
What do the words מְנָת כּוֹסִי mean in the hymn “Adon Olam”
Shema in any language - Kel Melech Ne'eman?
Internet-advertising on Shabat (by and for Jews)
Teacher and tradition of R' Judah ben Meir HaKohen
Waiting after using the bathroom before having relations
Should ones name be put on a mitsva?
Mevushal wine used for avoda zara?
How we can we mutar shaving?
What is significant about being eight days old from birth?
Eruv t'chumin for dependants
Why can't Eliyahu come on Shabbos Erev Pesach?
Why were there no Jewish philosophy tracts until the Rasag?
Why did Moshe conquer the land of Og and Sichon?
A vessel with "bugs" on it -- does it become muktzeh
What is the difference between Maharat and Yoetzet Halacha?
Website for tzuras hadaf
Why is Akaidas Yitzchak considered a good thing?
Does a Rabbi have to sink with his ship?
Did each person recieve the same amount of Manna (from heaven)
If one surpasses ones rebbi does one still have to honor him?
What did the Akeida accomplish that Avraham didn't already?
Why pray for Y'hoshua and not Kalev?
Why did Korach have to be buried alive?
What does a Kohen write on his Kasubah (a "regular" kohen and a case of a challal?)
When to say the Bracha on Tallit Katan
Is the midrash about the moon and sun being the same size intended literally?
Halachic Relevancy of 'Proving God'
Would adding buttons and button holes to a tallis gadol disqualify it?
Why is Korach's rebellion referred to as בְּנֵי לֵוִי?
What's the bracha for a circumzenithal arc?
Punishment on Shabbos
Kashrut of rennet for cheese & Difference between rennet and gelatin
Brachot with no shirt on
Chanukiyah height restriction and modern architecture?
Why don't we have to work every non-Shabbos day?
Were any books written on the beur haGra?
Elisha, the children, and the bears: what is really going on here?
Baby born bein hashmoshos -- when to make pidyon haben?
Calling Hoshea 'Yehoshua' before his seeming renaming
May a male swim without a head covering?
After-death care of a non-Jewish relative
What do people need when sitting shiva?
Would a metallic prosthetic hand require immersion?
Meaning of yiddish girls name "charnah"
R' Yehoshua Ben Levi -- A Tanna or an Amorah?
Did God destroy Amalek in King David's time, like Rashi seems to say?
From where do we learn that strangulation is the default execution method?
Can one rely on Kol Nidrei?
Why do Sephardim tuck in their tzitzit?
Additional names for refuah shlema
What is the purpose of the plastic casing on the shel yad?
Time limit on repeating the shemona esra after forgetting to include an insertion
Replacing a lost cover for a tefillin shel yad
When is it permissible to collect charity during prayer?
Reputation for non-Sha'atnez?
Korach's progeny
Why did God choose Moshe?
Why hold the second loaf unwrapped?
How Avraham could receive the Divine Presence?
Getting body piercings
Washing oneself on Erev Shabbos with hot water
Shaving pubic hair before the mikveh
The heel of Moshiach?
Why skip Yikum Purkan and Mi Sheberach on a weekday Yom Tov?
Examining the Zav
Significance of number 613 regarding the mitzvot
If Moses wrote the Book of Job, was he Job's contemporary and writing history or is the Book an inspirational work of fiction?
Can one write one's own Hespid?
What is the significance of bears in Judaism? Why has Dov (or Dov Ber) been such a common Jewish name?
Could I became a Jew in the next cosmic reborn/reboot?
What is the source of the expression המבין יבין?
Should one living in Israel leave?
Why might we think that Moses did not write Parashat Bil'am?
Why reverse Mishle verses' order?
Why is the Shulchan Aruch definitive?
Source for the Baal Shem Tov's idea of seeing one's own flaw in others?
Can I improve something I borrow?
Making bracha when passing by a bakery
What does it mean when the "nation says something"?
How soon do you have to make an asher yatzar?
Berachah at the zoo?
Why do some korbanos and not others require n'sachim?
What's the Bracha Rishona on oatmeal/oat flakes with cold milk?
What is the view of Judaism or majority Jews towards Islam?
Graduation ceremonies in Jewish tradition
Origin of the Escalator analogy
Is there a tikkun to say/do when your relationship is in danger?
Flying on Shabbos
Fruits and Vegetables Prepared With Treif Utensils
Mezuzah on a Two-Room Bathroom
Leaving work in time for Shabbat
Difference between חֵטְא and עֲבֵרָה
BT emailing non-observant family on Friday afternoon
Re-planting on Shabbath
A practical guide to Jewish neighborhoods and communities in Israel
A woman's singing voice when there are other singing voices
Who did "וַיֹּצִאֵנוּ" in Num. 20:16?
Hair covering in photos
Kedusha after Tefila
Which is the height considered 3 tefachim for not "praying in height"? (30cm?)
Why is the word שמך vocalized differently in different places?
Why aren't we Mahmir (stringent) with just Mikvah when ruling leniently on a technicality in Niddah cases?
Why did Miriam die in the desert?
Why is wearing a hijab or turbans not common for Israeli jews?
Do we know of any niggunim that date back to the Beit Hamikdash?
Siman 32, Kitzur Shulchan Aruch: Untranslated
Verbs or Nouns in the Amidah
What is the correct wine for kiddush in accordance with all the poskim.?
Shouldn't the order of dayenu be reversed?
Is instigating a crime through careless choices of words a violation of Lifnei 'Iver?
Why do men or boys have to cover their hair, but not unmarried women?
Was Achashverosh drunk throughout the Megillah?
Premixed Gatorade and Powerade aren't cheap. I'd rather buy something powdered or concentrated. What's kosher?
freed slaves owe their redeemer (jews owe HaShem)
A child's tendency to skip words corrected/prompted by an instructor
Who is Tzippor?
Bitahhon vs. Hishtadlut
Starting a bracha in the middle of Bircas Krias Shema, what to do?
Making a neder without specifying verbally
Where does the tune for birkat hamazon come from?
What is the basis for the ruling that adding to a tent is permissible on Shabbath?
Rambam held of Timtum halev?
Is there a limit to what you can pray for?
What is to be done with a Sefer Torah written by an apikoreis, or by a soffer of unknown apikoreis-status?
Reliance on non-Jews for removing bugs
Starting Mincha right before Shekiya
Does Judaism have a default rule about child custody in the case of divorce?
If you've missed Zeman Kriyas Shema, what should you do?
Mishna Demai 5:11: why can't you take teruma from vadai on demai?
Per my beliefs, to which should I convert: Modern Orthodox or Conservative Judaism?
Is it always a good idea to say an extra Shema' if you missed one?
Mixed swimming and a 10-year-old boy
For those who say the b'racha before lighting Yom Tov candles, when do they say shehechiyanu?
Sheva Brachos when getting divorced
kosher food ideas without refrigeration
When should a commuter cyclist wear a tallit katan?
What is the most successful way to do conversion for a Gentile girl in a relationship with a Jew?
Is saying "Jew [something]" racist?
Accepting Shabbas before plag hamincha
Is there a concept of giving a fatter sacrifice?
What's the connection between Avraham and Bilaam?
Omissions with tachanun in nusach Ari
What is the hetter for yeshivas to daven a Hoiche Kedusha?
Can two siamese twins be separated by killing one if that one would die anyway and the other would live
If someone already has children and then has a child with someone who has never had children before, is that child a firstborn?
Historical evidence for Abraham
Embryo adoption and status as a Jew
Not saying Tachnun on the day of a siyum
Can one say the b'rocho of borai meorai hoeash on stars
We know that a son cannot claim self defence if he kills his father who is about to rob him. What about his mother
May one walk alone at night
If a thief comes by day may one kill him in self defence
why does the chazzan stand for the entire davening?
What is the source of Chazaka?
Does the rule of "zealots may strike him" also apply to a Kohen zealot?
What was the name of the wife of Elozor HaCohen?
"Boel Aramis": analogue for a woman?
Why is the Or Hachayim's yahrzeit in Luach Colel Chabad?
Does the she’hechiyonu brocho apply in any way to getting married?
Why was the Shechinah bestowed upon Bil'am?
Why do some transliterate "Balaam" when the Hebrew is "Bilaam"?
Is it possible for a Reform Jew to break halacha or violate a mitzva?
The purity of non-priests, non-Jews and non-humans who eat terumah
About whom exactly did R Chiya ask his nephew Rav about and about whom did rav reply
Halachah: What's the difference between this site and looking up a question in a book?
Miswa of Lifne Iwer isn't what the words mean literally?
Sources for allowing/forbidding lifting and replacing the lid of a pot on a Blech or of a Crock-pot on Shabbos
Women and girls covering their heads when lighting candles
Can non-Jews utilize the princple of bittul berov?
Did the kohanim wear tefillin during their Temple services?
Eternal Gehinom
Why do we pray for our prayer to be accepted?
Why don't we pray for happiness in the weekday amida?
Honorific for a non-Jew
What sources did people use to support Shabbtai Tsvi's messianism after he died?
Movies and music during the 3 weeks according to Rav Soloveitchik
Women tefillah groups
Is the celebration of salvation affected by the deaths of those who were not saved?
Minhag of reciting Tikkun Chatzot during the daytime?
How do we explain the criticism of Rashi by his grandsons?
"How long is a Jewish wedding?"
What things are restricted during the 3 weeks?
Essential requirements of Jewish conversion
Bracha on seeing indirect light from lightning?
Matrilineal descent & Zera Israel
Tshuva concerning sexual sins requires partner's exculpation?
Discussions about Healthy Diet
What is the punishment spelled out explicitly in the Torah for having relations with a post-menstrual woman who has not gone to the Mikvah?
Is a renter allowed to withhold rent if the landlord does not fulfill his duties?
Tehillim while waiting for medical test results
Complete list of verses corresponding to people's names?
Are Dunkin' Donuts kosher without hechsher?
What defines a non-kosher restaurant for purposes of maarit ayin?
Pointing out someone's deceitful actions or ways
Listing acts of patriotism towards a host nation
Maharshal's position about the status of Kohanim today
Why does the RaMBa"M allow one to derive benefit from cooked mixtures of milk and meat of improperly slaughtered animals?
What is the source that the Western Wall was built by the poor?
Why is the name 'Yerushalayim' absent from the Torah?
When is kedusha "over"?
Gentile coming to fix a fridge in a store on Shabbos
Source for Mishne Torah's Song of the Levites for Shabbat afternoons
Heter for shaving during the week of Tisha B'Av for work reasons
English-speaking yeshivoth for beginners
What is the source for the tradition that the philtrum is formed by an angel before birth?
How can we explain the growth of Israelite population in Egypt?
What is meant by the term "midina"/"provinces" as in the 127 ruled by Ahasuerus?
Who authored "Legends of the Land of Israel"?
What do Teimanim do with regards to modern questions?
Can an Israeli work in public on second-day yomtov if there are non-observant Jews around?
Erroneous intentions in vows
Why does the posuk tell us how old Moshe was when he spoke to Pharoh?
Why give gentiles an evil prophet?
Surface cleaning on Shabbat
Do Sephardim have their own style of learning that differs from the styles of other sects of Judaism?
How did Avraham discover that God exists?
Are we obliged to say Kiddush Levana or is it in some way optional?
Saying Kiddush Levanah without a Minyan
Kirouv and hassidic dynasty
To what extent is someone on the way to do a mitzvah protected from danger?
Can a minyan meet online?
Would coffee in beer be kosher?
What does it mean that God will blot out sinners from his book?
Does marit ayin apply in anonymous internet sites?
How do you know Judaism is true?
Is the child of a convert, conceived after she converted, Jewish?
Origin of Yisha'yahu (Isaiah/יְשַׁעְיָהוּ)'s name
What is the origin of the title "rebbe"?
Buying new furniture during the 3 weeks
where did a"t b"sh come from?
What is meant by the 974 "worlds" that were "created and destroyed"?
Why God punish someone for another?
Is believing that God, Israel, and Torah are one Avodah Zarah?
Near a bad smell, one might want to do Sh'ma, the Amidah, blessings, study, or think Torah. Is halacha equally strict about all five acts?
Making a shechayanu on clothing
Fireworks on Motzei Shabbos
Large Square Garment Prohibited from Being Taken (Usury)
Are we destined to be evil?
Which communities do not allow women to drive cars?
At what age does negiah start applying for non-immediate family?
Why do korbanot require/allow exceptions from Shabbat restrictions?
Do dental instruments need to be toyveled?
Indirectly Getting Benefit from a Jew's Melacha on Shaabos
Do Jews view Scripture as the "word of God"?
Is one allowed to talk in a shower?
Psalms 111 and 112 and "hal'lu[k]ah"
What problems are faced by children born out of wedlock?
Why did people date divorce documents according to the Greeks?
Why is the initial speech of Gad and R'euven divided into two?
Avoiding solitary walks because of demons?
Story about "simple Teshuva" via never telling a lie
Understanding the beating of students
Food that become ossur "c'dei klipah" -- removing on Shabbos
Marriage Where Witnesses can Never be Found
Halacha and danger to life
Animals sixth sense
Kalam Cosmological Argument
Paroches on an Aron
Can a non-Jew eat living ants?
How do Ethiopian Jews see the Book of Jubilees?
Do English-speaking Jews read the Bible in English?
Listening to Recorded Music *Privately* During the 3 Weeks
Listening to a woman giving shiur
Is Free will balanced?
Why is Edom considered to be "Western culture" and not southern Jordan?
Is there a Jewish custom to travel to Israel at least once in a lifetime?
What effect did Migdal Bavel have on world languages?
The righteous man who suffers
"If there's no Hadran there's no meat"?
In Genesis 22:8-14, is there a difference between a ram and a lamb?
How do we understand Moshe's rebuke
How do we understand Talmudic predictions of Moshiach?
What does נְחשֶׁת mean?
How many stars did Rashi think there were?
S'feika D'yoma in Niddah
Laundry during the nine days in the case of bed bugs
"I was waiting for my flight and a concert broke out."
Does halacha recognize marriage between gentiles for purposes of "lo tina'af"?
For the Noahide laws, what should Noahides, who are unaware of the biblical God, do?
Do non-Jewish children taken captive lose the obligation to be Bnei Noach?
reason for tefilin and connection to black square boxes
Stars are living creatures?
Marriage to a non Jew
Are multiple wives allowed in israel
Why is Shlomo Hamelech called Koheles in the book of the same name?
Source for the bride's circling the groom
Corporations and Jewish ethics
Only Yetzer Hara until age 13
why specifically these Ten Commandments
Astrology in the Torah
Oops, you said Boruch Atta Hashem Elokeinu in error
Advantages of converts (in spiritual terms)
Personal Air Purifiers and Shabbath
Why does Rashi cite the Midrash of Pharaoh's daughter stretching out her arm?
Are criminals rehabilitated after punishment?
What is the purpose of the genealogy of Genesis 4:17-22?
Understanding Yevamot 4:13's proof of who, exactly, is a mamzer
minhag of using beer motzai pesach
specification of premarital sex
Can Jews eat hunted animals?
Do we say tikkun chatzos on tisha b'av night?
Riding the Boston train (T) on Shabbat - written evidence?
Could Moshe Rabbeinu have made atonement for striking the rock?
What is World ORT?
Is aged beef salted and soaked before or after the aging process?
Why are Torah study and trips, specifically, banned on the 8th of Av?
Sitting on a toilet during Tisha B'Av
Disparate Zemanim in the same local community
Plants growing out of the Kotel
How does a Torah's life end?
Saying goodbye on Tisha B'Av
Source for the Mitzvah Tanz
Wait to be told one's unkempt after 9 Av?
How are the two tales of dancing in vineyards on the 15th of Av related?
non-kosher publishers
Mazinka dance (dance with a broom) source?
Cutting ones finger in the middle of shechting
Preparing laundry prior to Chatzos on 10 Av
Daf yomi on Tisha b'Av
Who authored the Yehi Ratzon said after Tehilim?
Is it heresy to read the Bible literally?
Does Rambam take the 6 days of creation literally?
Where did Hevel get the idea to offer an animal?
halachic status of a mezuzah with printed scroll
What does Judaism have to say about the origin of elements?
A source for the claim that the Satmar Ruv (R' Yoel Teitelbaum) said to VP Hubert Humphrey "Sell weapons to Israel!"
What's the most efficient method for learning biblical Hebrew?
"God is Fire": Trying to Source an Analogy for Prayer
Why do we not say selichot on Tisha B'Av?
What is the רציפי of perek shira?
English books for better understanding of Jewish thought?
Are old-fashioned razors kosher?
Why was Rabbi Moshe Feinstein skeptical about allowing lift and cut shavers?
If a Tallit is thoughtlessly brought into a bathroom, is it still ok?
Extent of financial consideration before having children
Good resource for in-depth study of Haftorah?
Two people but only one kidney
Why is every commandment and action in regards to the 10 plagues repeated?
Is a man allowed to waste his seed for medical reasons?
Why does God need to enslave the Jews before giving them the Torah?
Why does God need Moshe to deliver the 10 plagues?
Blessing on a food or a drink first?
Getting a Jew fired from a job that forces them to work on Shabbos?
Discrepancy in number of Pesukim in Va'eschanan
Chazzan finishing last phrase of paragraph
If there is only one oral Torah how do we reconcile different interpretations of a written verse?
How does one 'learn' how to paskin?
Minor placing the Parshios of the Tefilin into the Batim
Does Rashi's commentary on a quoted mishna reflect the true explanation?
Why does Rashi translate שלולית differently from everyone else?
Flashlight on Shabbat
Are women allowed to ride bicycles for transport?
Shirat HaYam Trop: Which Phrases?
May a Brit Milah be performed by a (non-Jewish) doctor?
When do you say Hashem sefatai?
prayer for someone undergoing surgery
Must one publicize a lost object if it had been found a long time prior?
How do we celebrate Tu B'Av?
Why do we celebrate the 15th of Av?
Collection of poems by Yehuda HaLevi
How many censuses happened in the desert?
What is the purpose of the lead-in to each line of the mini-Kedushah, and what is expected of the congregants?
Is West Hempstead in the Techum of Far Rockaway?
Can learning non-torah subjects count as talmud torah?
How is סדר טהרות properly pronounced or pointed?
Fasting on the 15th of Av
Can Jews raise pets (cats, dogs, swine)?
Safek Deorayta and the Meiri
Why is a present day convert not obligated to read the Torah passage about the sacrifice he will have to bring in the future?
Why does Gehazi have no share in the world to come?
Is there a prohibition for shaving ones mustache with a blade?
Arrived late for maariv. How to daven?
Is Holiness an achievable goal for an individual?
Will firstborn sons or Kohanim serve in the Third Temple?
Which kind of relations are considered incestuous in Judaism?
מַלְאַךְ ה׳—“the angel of GOD” or “an angel”
How is it permissible for a Jewish slave to marry a Canaanite slavewoman?
What's the halacha with regards to Maaser for a Baal Teshuvah?
Lost package; who is responsible
Making a bracha for someone else, can then use for one's self?
Thirsty from before starting a bread meal, now wanting to drink in the middle of the meal
Is there any precedent to read the first 11 chapters of Genesis as metaphorical?
Father's Obligations to Children
Formulation of blessing on individual tithes
Equipment used for cooking by a non-Jew
Gentile living with a Jewish flatmate
Does kidush bimkom s'uda need to be before the s'uda?
What scribes' Torah scrolls does a non-Orthodox synagogue use?
Are there Torah Moocs (Massive Online Open Courses)?
Why is the Paroches inside the Aron Kodesh in Ponevezh Yeshiva
Tefilat HaDerech Roadtrip
Are plants that exhibit rapid plant movement considered non-Kosher animals?
Why not list the 7 Minim in order with no second "Eretz"?
Yalkut Yosef or Mishneh Torah for a Sephardic Jew?
Complimenting or giving gifts to gentiles
Why was Naaman afflicted with tzaraas specifically?
How long is this week's parasha as compared to others?
Making Kiddush/Havdala if I did not keep Shabbos
Historical ID lost can it be reclaimed
Is there a legal minimum on the amount of soil needed to make a suitable grave?
What is the significance of the Mishcan in Judaism?
Reading the Parsha when not with a minyan on Shabbat
How is it that harm befalls a shaliach mitzvah if the Gemara says it doesn't?
Did Achashverosh rule over the entire Old World?
How do we get Parshot and Sefarim within the Chumash?
Which shita are those wearing extra long tallit katan following?
Why was a bat kol able to settle the dispute between Battei Hillel and Shammai?
What is the source for requiring constant supervision in a meat restaurant?
What is the affiliation of the Jewish Bible Quarterly and what is its reputation in the Jewish world?
Sources and reasoning for variant chazzan timings in Kedusha
Not eating before Tisha B'Av -- Better to eat after Shkiah but before nightfall or wait until Tisha B'Av
"Oseh HaShalom" during 10 days of Teshuva
Resource for tunes for prayers/songs
How should the vowel/s represented by "yud yud" be pronounced outside of Yiddish?
Why is "Tzidkas'cha" ordered as it is?
Sending/reading SMS on Shabbat
Going through a window -- causes to forget?
Why are there two versions of אֵ-ל אֶרֶךְ אַפַּיִם?
Why do Sephardim perform kaparot?
What to do if you don't want a Torah written with a turkey feather?
Why do we pray?
Fasting on yarhzeit of parent -- must be "m'kabel" the fast from the day before?
Anywhere in Tanach where brothers-in-law have the same name?
Bracha change on Tevilas Keilim
Jacob Neusner's talmud bavli and yerushalmi
Does a halachically circumcised non-Jew need Hatafat Dam when converting?
Does extra virgin organic coconut oil have to have a hechsher?
Elijah at Passover Seder
What does the title "Hatomim" mean?
In doubt of whether to say Tachnun or not
When do we call someone up as "Chazak"?
Meaning of Chai and Hamsa Hand
What is the Definition of Red in regards to Women's Clothing?
If staring at women is such a big aveira how come rabbis are permitted to give shiurim to women?
Is it permitted for a male to shave his pubic hair nowadays?
What is the Heter for the prevalent Clothing among Women?
When may a person take down his Succah?
Cleaning clothes before Shabbos and Yom Tov
Walking over Ruah Ra'a: why not?
1 shmuel 15: does Hashem "repent"?
Can you use carbonated water for washing?
Pillow fight on Shabbat
Sitting in on classes
Why is it common for the people in the chumash to name every place they pass?
Talis on head for people who don't wear a (black) hat
Why is God's name spelled differently in Sefardi siddurs?
Is it permitted to shoot an air gun on shabbos?
Responsibility to government law
What is the kashrut status of synthetic/in vitro meat?
Shalom Bayis story to share at a Chuppah speech
Why is the beracha acharona for bread the longest?
Can Kohanim who will bless the people start their journey to the duchan before Retzei?
Following minhagim when praying in a different community?
Cultured Beef and the 7 Laws of Noah
Sephardic Readers of Mishnah Berurah
What's the reason for the opinion that one must wash their hands thrice before eating bread?
Said Chatzi Kadish in error - can it be corrected?
If God has no body, then how does He act in the world?
Hechsher on Trans Fat
Does Vegan Certification Have Any Halachic Weight?
why are kohanim mentioned in connection with judgement
Do Hashgachos endorse non-proximate halachic claims on label?
Lashon Hara about yourself
Sand Tefilin Hasisa
If the label says OU-D, but the warning label for allergy sufferers says "no dairy", do we consider the product dairy or not?
Do hechshered leafy vegetables mean that they have no bugs?
Is the bracha pronounced "ha-MO-tzee" or "ha-mo-TZEE"?
Chazon Ish and Medicine
Do you have a say in the order of the food you eat?
Tehillim while waiting for medical test results for an unborn baby
Why are the daily tehilim divided as they are?
What's meruach hak'ri and why do it?
Who do B'nei Noach turn to for psak?
Why was the parah aduma found in 2002 disqualified?
What is "קוצר לשחת"?
How long does it take to become a kofer?
Religion in marriage for a God-fearing non-Jew
Travel and ketubah
Why do we say besha tova instead of mazal tov?
May a ben-Noach ask a non-Jew for psak?
Tying 7 Huliot with Techelet MiDin Safek
Bitahon and Hishtadlut for livelihood
Retroactively have to bring a chatas
Shaving(hair cuts) on Rosh Chodesh
How can one make repentance for things he can't remember?
Is there a prohibition to pack on shabbat?
What should a person do if he holds differently than the Kohen?
Can a convert drink wine he previously touched?
Some questions on Deuteronomy and its authorship
Aside from the days set aside for impurity, what exactly is a man allowed to do with his wife in regards to intimacy?
How can one provide collateral to one's own debtors?
Can one use terumah to light a stove?
Preparing for Rosh Hashana during Elul
Is Gan Eden a physical place?
Is playing with a water gun allowed
Can a Jew join Christians in saying grace before meals?
can frozen yogurt be OK without storefront certification?
What game is the Rama in 338:5 (טשי"ך) referring to?
How does Lurianic Kabbalah treat Da'at?
Where does the Kaf HaHayyim first cite the Aruch HaShulchan and the Mishnah Berurah?
What's "chelek Eloak mimaal"?
"שליט״א" only for certain people
Was the Reish Galuta considered the presumptive candidate for the Melech haMoshiach?
Why does Yosef use intermediaries to ask Paro for permission to bury Yaakov, when until now he addressed Paro directly?
Laughing in this world
Why "מלאכי השרת" in only the first stanza of "Shalom Alechem"?
Should I go to synagogue when I can't focus?
Why is the torah so misleading without the oral law
Hashem studies Torah?
Correct translation Hebrew to English Joel 1:8
Prayer with Negative Kavvanah
"Meikeh" (fence on the roof) on a shul nowadays
Niagara Falls does it require a Bracha if so which one?
Shopping at a church-associated thrift store
Should one reprimand a child if the parent might be embarrassed?
Rabbinic speculations on history
Color meanings in Judaism
Can a convert to Judaism have a Jewish mother?
Why do almost all Chabad shuls always use the same tunes for certain parts of davening?
Biting food without intent to eat
Is there an order to the 6 daily remembrances?
Is a chicken egg considered "Aver min Hachai"?
Davening together with the shliach tzibbur on Rosh HaShanah
Why is Barchu connected to communal Torah recitation?
Why Bless on Gum if some say not to
Chassidic equivalent to Nefesh HaChaim
If a widow married the brother of her deceased husband
Is the Halachic concept of taste transfer accepted by scientists and chefs?
To what extent must we try to convince non-Jews to follow the 7 mitzvot?
Is it permitted to attend a non-Jewish wedding?
Communities that celebrate menarche
What is the difference between the words "tzur" and "selah" (which both mean rock)?
Do some parents hide Jewish ancestry from their children? If yes, WHY?
Machlokes between Beis Hillel and Beis Shamai
Shemona Asar Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
What will happen if the Ark of the Covenant is discovered today?
Refrigerators and shabbat
"Naḥat Ruaḥ LeYoẓro" source
Could the gathering of the Jews in Israel be metaphorical?
Zombie Midianites?
"דָּם נָקִי" vs. "דַּם־נָקִי"
Shaliach tzibur who publically transgresses a Biblical commandment
How can one give HaShem "Naḥat Ruaḥ"?
Can't we have some achdus?
Siddur for Skolyer Chasidim
What is the problem with dogs?
What is the Significance of Ten Generations in the Torah when it comes to Genealogy
Marriage post-marriage?
Is the "I" consciousness from the body or from the soul
Can a woman delay going to the Mikvah?
Why is Shmoneh Esreh referred to as 18 blessings when there are actually 19?
Gift of a Teddy Bear to New Born Baby
Appointing women as representatives of the congregation
Halachic Differences between lefties and righties
Re-reciting morning Berachoth
Can a Nazir drink wine if it is part of a holiday observance?
Using a bar of soap on Shabbat
What did Bnei Ammon do?
Can a non-Yisrael get Maftir Yonah?
Non-Jews & Shul Access
Mission to Mars: halachic challenges
Jewish approach to exercise and incorporating it into our daily lives
Is the sefer אור הצפון available?
What is the Book of Genealogies?
Vilna Gaon on Sefer Devarim
Drumming on tables on Shabbat
Conditions for Learning Kabala
Person in Eretz Yisrael making Eiruv Tavshilin for Bnei Chutz L'Aretz
Why does the Mishna misquote the Tanakh?
What is the holiness status of a Siddur
Must one give notice?
closest successor of the Lubavitch Rebbi today
Sending emails to people who will read/answer them on shabbat
Vehu Rachum and Selach Lanu for Maariv after Yom Kippur
Is a Jewish med student allowed to use body parts donated to science?
Maaser on gift cards?
Must a non-Jew who eats trief or a nevaila immerse himself?
Taking down a Mezuzah from a door that was sealed off
Receiving financial benefit to give maaser money
Is this the Chofetz Chaim?
What if the Torah Reader for the Curses (Tochacha) is a Kohen or Levi?
Halachick problem with tucking tzitzit into belt
placement of l'dovid for nusach sefard
High Holy Days silent musaf: do we bow at וַאֲנַחְנוּ כֹּרעִים ומִשְׁתַּחֲוִים?
Should I wait for the prayer leader to say “Yishtabach” after “Pesukei dezimrah”?
How should non-Jews observe Rosh HaShanah?
Nature of rabbinic and biblical prohibitions and their subcategories
Psalm 14 and 53 are similar?
Who wrote the "Seder Vehilchos Korban pesach rishon beketzarah"
What is the original meaning of the word "hevel"?
How does hashem tell you if you really are fit to learn kabalah
Jewish dervishes and "Darkeihem"
Which contemplations about God are not allowed?
Kol Nidre vs. Kal Nidre
If it rains on succot what does it signify
Parent dying overseas - visit now or attend funeral?
Why do we say Yizkor when we say it?
Do any Jews, ancient or modern, hold that Michael the Arch-angel is the coming messiah?
What damages are owed if you break something that had some damage already, but partial repair isn't possible?
Is requesting early payment on a loan considered a (prohibited) form of interest?
Why swim fully clothed?
How to vowelize "כתובה" ("marriage document")?
What are the implications of karet?
Does a married woman have to cover her hair to make a bracha?
kallah not doing work during sheva brachos
Saying Tachanun if there is a Kallah in the ladies section
Berith Millah in a different section of the Shul - Do you say Tahanun?
Where can I buy a Chagaz in Brooklyn?
Is 'A father and son sleeping with a betrothed young woman on yom kippur' an expression?
Unplugging cooking utensil from timer on Yom Tov?
Why is there no decree against bathing in Chamei Teverya?
Considering feelings of animals
Donations Used to Provide Legal Support for Fraudster
Is it better to daven in a Minyan throughout the week or on Shabbos?
Why can we do Tashlich until Hoshana Rabba
Does 'not in heaven' apply to kabbalah?
Do we account for Sentimental Value?
Limit(s) on the obligation to forgive?
Why isn't steeping tea a מלאכה שאינה צריכה לגופה?
Are there sources that any minute not learned Torah is a sin?
Mezuza in a room with a television
Why do we say "Boruch Shem..." loudly on Yom Kippur?
How to validate Kashruth of an old Shofar?
What can make a shofar non-kosher?
Answering 'Amen' to Birkas Kohanim during regular Shemonei Esrei (Chabad Nusach)
Tehilim 47 - said 7 times before the blowing of the Shofar
Lack of Benching Rosh Chodesh Tishrei
Prohibition of eating before hearing the shofar. Source and exceptions
Are there discussions of the difference in what Lavan says and what Hashem actually did?
Why allowed on Yom Tov?
What is the easiest and cheapest way to build a kosher sukkah?
Is beer bread Hamotzi?
May one say Oseh Shalom at any time?
Is the Beracha Aharona independent of the Beracha Rishona?
Seudas Bris on a pushed-off fast
Kaparos for a pregnant woman -- why the extra chicken?
What is the halachic status of adult conjoined twins?
What is the Hebrew term for the drawing of the hands inward during lighting of Shabbos candles?
Any Halachic problems with app publishing?
Why are we forbidden to wear leather shoes on Yom Kippur
Why does the "Dorff teshuva" of the Conservative movement say that homosexual relations are a *rabbinic* prohibition?
Tish'a Asar Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Why is Rabbi Yitzchak Luria referred to as Godly?
Do you have to judge dead people favorably?
How can I find meaning in saying selichot?
Why is Vayelech read twice in a year?
What appropriate amount of tzedakah for mi sheberech?
HaGadol HaGibor veHaNora
Why was Megillas Taanis written?
Tetragrammaton on Aron Kodesh
Why do we get judged (Rosh Hashana) before Yom Kippur?
Tizku L'Shanim Rabot tovot v'umot?
Eating after Zeman Tefila if one didn't pray
Tweeting close to Shabbos
Do we have old ancient torah manuscript?
How exactly were Sabbath laws enforced during ancient times?
Why don't we say Al Hanisim on other days?
being maavir sedrah before its being read on shabbat afternoon
Mother of Sisera and Tekiyot Why the connection
Rosh Hashanah and Zecher Liyitziyas Mitzrayim
What's the fore's heaven's heaven?
Why is the rosh chodesh goat not in Rosh Hashana's section of Pin'chas?
Why are there two different accounts of Aaron's death?
Why does Rambam say the omer can be cut by day and on Shabas?
Sukkah walls...lavod?
Change from Kail Erech to Kail Melech in Selichos
Praying with the aron still (but now unnecessarily) open
What modern-day hygiene products are prohibited on Yom Kippur?
chalav stam during aseres yemei tshuvah
bli neder on pas yisroel
Hebrew bedtime shma text online
Shofar from an extinct animal
Torah view on conservation and recycling
Can I use a Lulav or Esrog from last year?
Is there anyone that says that the "us" in "let us make man btzelem elokim" is referring to humans?
Does מין mean Christian, and if so what are the implications?
Why do we not use the original language of בִּרְכַּת הַמִּינִים?
Sefaradi Hashkafa of Musar
If you borrowed a tiny amount from someone but are no longer able to pay back, are you still obligated to pay back?
Does a Jewish wedding involve bridesmaids or groomsmen?
How can one find a Gemarah Havruta in NYC?
Why is a prayer leader still removed for omitting V'lamalshinim?
Feminizing Biblical names?
Students who received Smicha from Rabbi Akiva Eger
What is considered a Safek?
Is Rami a legitimate Jewish name?
Baal T'acher today - based on Rosh Hashana 4
Sukkah floor ideas?
Passing meats during maggid
Esrog left under bed
Why do we honor Gedalia, who was condemned for murder, with a fast day?
Where does God want to be worshipped anyway?
Why was Yishmael saved?
reprinting of tanyas in many locations, why?
Saving a non-Jew's life on Shabbat
origin of chassidish havarah(pronunciation)
Must one pay for the esrog and arovos before succot
Why is bamboo kosher for schach?
Davening mussaf late on Simchas Torah and Yom Kippur
selichos on yom kippur
Is this really in the Talmud?
Should women also be bowing down on yom kippur
When exactly should an avel (mourner) not be davening before the amud?
Why don't women go to the mikvah before rosh hashanna and yom kippur?
What aspects of Yom Kippur may a non-Jew not participate in?
Kaddish on a plane
Joining an airplane Minyan
Taigalach for Rosh HaShana
What did Rambam say about non-Jews putting on tefilin?
Did God know the holy place right away during the exodus?
Dancing in the vineyards on yom kippur
Sadducee kohanim gedolim dying on yom kippur
Ezra claimed that Samaritans are not Jews. Is genetic data in conflict with this?
Do women also wear white on Yom Kippur?
Wedding Rings on Yom Kippur?
Did Rabbenu Nissim also write the long "Ashamnu" in the Chazarah of Shacharit in the Sephardic Yom Kippur Machzor?
Could Yonah's "whale" have been a whale?
What does "חפש כל חדרי בטן" mean?
Is everything in the Talmud considered Jewish Law?
Does God have complete knowledge of future?
Pirating software
on yom kipur how many times do we say al cheit
A metal frame above a sukkah
How come delicatessen offer meat sandwiches AND cheesecakes as deserts?
Making the bracha "leishev b'sukkah" in the wrong place
Being yotzee a bracha while only having intention from the middle?
How does one calculate how much time to devote to torah learning and how much time for livelihood?
Neilah tefillah shabbas nusach of בו
Pampers tzovehah (dyeing) on shabbas
The almost-alphabetic acrostic Al Chet
Acronym for ה׳תש״ע
Can a person convert if they are living with non-Jewish relative/s?
naming convention for a Jew with a non-Jewish father?
In light of modern science, why is bee honey still kosher?
Copyright issues in apps
I "stole" an ice cube. What can I do for Kaparah?
Why is the Shel Yad put on before the Shel Rosh?
Rav Yonason Eibeschitz's puzzle
Intermarriage and Jewish status of their children
How does a giyur lchumra differ from a regular conversion?
How is Ona'a (overcharging) determined?
Is an unconsumated marriage still a halachic marriage?
Are adjoining Sukkoth ok?
Are there any female kabbalists?
Altering the Spelling out the Hebrew Year
Adom eating from tree of knowledge
Why do some prayers require you to stand?
How to convince your Jewish athiest friend to become shomer mitzvot?
What is the best way to keep bugs out of the sukkah?
What is the correct order of directions for shaking the lulav?
Reference to the sukkah in the Shabbat reading of Chol haMoed?
Why don't Sephardim read Kohelet on Sukkot?
Is it mutar to participate in an online religion-related community that is largely made up of Christians?
Why the Lord didn't simply claim that He is God of all in the Torah?
if a woman went to mikveh after 7 days is it kosher bedieved?
Why does the mitzvah of Sukkah have a stated meaning that its practitioner must have in mind?
Is toothpaste an issue on Shabbat?
If the yetzer tov enters the body at bar mitzvah, how do we have well-behaved minors?
3 Pesukim minimum per Aliyah
Conservative method of tying tzitzis?
Is Sabellianism avodah zarah (idolatry)?
What is the [reason for the] issur of "uvdah d'chol"
Carrying on Chol HaMoed
Setting a place for the ushpizin in the sukkah
What is the origin of the "sukkah hop"?
Niddah and Counting 7 Clean Days - What are its Origins?
What is the last meal during the period of sukkot, and the days following, for which sefaradim are required to sit in the sukkah?
Why does the eruv tavshilin only apply to Jews in this city?
When are the prophets and the writings read
Forgiveness vs. Justice?
Using Christian theological texts for a Torah class
If one keeps the deoraita nidah(7days) but not the additional 4-5 days, is there a punishment?
Do we wave or shake the lulav?
When is the latest time you can daven minchah bedieved?
Knowledge of meanings of Hebrew names in Daniel
Is returning worn clothing or shoes considered stealing?
A woman who prays yom tov shemona esrei on chol hamoed
If God doesn't have a body, how come Moses speak face to face with God?
Leaving the sukkah when it rains, making a bracha upon returning
Sukkah and day trips
Is stick-deodorant an issue on shabbat?
Who is Azazel? It's the guy that got one of the two goats on a certain day. What do we know more about that being?
Besides Cyrus, is there any other human explicitly declared as Mosiach in tanach?
Is there any source for throwing bread during tashlich?
What's a good beginner-friendly collection of aggadah in English?
Could having to add the extra 4-5 days to change the status of nidah to zaav and not allowing the original 7 day nida be like adding to a mitzva?
benefits of following Noahaich laws and 613 mitzovets
bracha only on etrog: can I do anything with just an etrog
Bowing during 'Aleinu
Praying whilst breastfeeding
Can I use a car's sunroof as a sukkah?
Parsing the mishna in Beitza 1:10
Ibn Ezra vs. Hachamim in Regards to Piyyutim
Historical Calendar Records
Amailut (trying hard/ toiling) to learn Torah
Is there a problem of reusing hoshanos?
Basis of Shulchan Aruch's ruling about tefilin on Chol HaMoed
What is the difference between (for example) "notein" and "hanotein"?
"He'amur" rather than "ha'amur" in K'dusha introduction?
Does one need a sukkah to eat bread/mezonot at work
Tourist guides for Kohanim
Issues of Tumah vis a vis non-Jewish human remains
Do Briskers use a particular siddur?
Are high heels immodest?
Halachic law about inviting a Jew for dinner by a Gentile
Can I do the Hoashanas service if praying alone?
shehecheyanu on eruv tavshilin
What exactly was Adam's "rib" that was used to fashion Eve?
Questions on the Bartenura in Beitza 2:3
Are any of the pesukim in the Torah not meant to be understood derech p'shat?
Is the sefer Knesses Hagedolah on the Tur in print?
When did it come about that Shmini Atzeret became Simchat Torah?
Is there kabbala is a Ascetic or Sufi style group in Judaism
Av HaRachamim after Yizkor
Shiur for kiddush rabba mezonos
מחויאל and מחייאל Bereshis perek 4:18
Noah's Ark Submarine
Can you benefit from items bought on shabbat?
Is there proof that we never skipped a day of the week?
Why The Torah is in scrolls in modern times when books are more convenient
Why "nostrils" and not mouth?
Minimum Number of Days before Hefsek Tahara: Sephardi vs. Ashkenazi
What will happen when our set calendar ends?
standing during gelilah
Why don't we need to eat the eruv chatzerot?
Why did God do nothing against the Romans that desecrated the Temple?
Do Jewish hermeneutics include an analogue for repudiating the "argument ad hominem"?
Best practices for well-circulating Hoshanot
Where did the "a cat will always be a cat" story about the Rambam come from?
Can a Gentile and Noahaide put a prayer note in the kotel
Shem Cham and Yafes - were they triplets?
Hiding pregnancy during the first 3 months
Is the number triple-6 good, bad, or neutral in Judaism?
Why does Scripture in parashat bereishit need to mention the four rivers?
Is Rashi teasing us?
Rambam and Interpreting Bereishit as Allegorical
Filling a Mikvah from the Faucet
Why are bread and wine important?
May a person sit on a tree stump?
What should one do with hot coffee during a meal?
Why are the Shabbat additions to Pesukei D'zimra added before the every-day parts?
Why no blessing for husband/father on Erev Shabbos?
Should I say the morning blessing on head covering even if I don't cover my head?
Shliah Tzibbur's Repetition of Lines of Kedushah
Story of a Great Rabbi who becomes an Apikores
7+7 clean animals(Noach 7:2)
Displaying Articles from the Temple
Does handling dinosaur bones make one Tamei?
Virginal Defloration and Nidah
Why do we pray for G-d to smash down our fellow Jews?
Can a woman ever wear a prayer shawl?
Does anyone know where this prayer comes from?
Can a Jew who is keeping the Shabbat rules ask another Jew who is not keeping shabbat to turn on/off the lights?
What is the difference between these two versions of the Mishna Berura?
What does Koheles 9:1 have to do with the surrounding verses?
How many languages were used by Shem's descendants?
Are there teachings of Rabbenu Moshe HaDarshan found outside of Rashi?
What would be the Torah view on Kibud Av vEm when requested to constantly cater to them?
What is the shitah of the Rambam regarding mevarekh mossi havero [מברך מוציא חברו]?
Blowing Shofar at end of neilah before nightfall of Rabbeinu Tam
Kissing a child in the Ezras Nashim
Should I say shmei or shmeh?
Why doesn't God offer Sodom and Gemorrah the same chance to repent He offers Nineveh?
Specific things to do when a Gadol passes away
Biblical prediction for Ashkenazi-Sepharadi split
How much water do you need for Netilat Yadayim?
Allowed to help prepare / serve "milk and meat" meal in homeless shelter?
Sin offering for Zavah?
Can you experiment on animals?
Does one require a non-Jew to use beit din
Interpreting divine messages
Are the seventy distinct languages and nations listed?
What does the Bible say about a father walking his daughter down the aisle at her wedding?
When did R' 'Akiva see his children?
Significance to the number of stripes on a tallis?
Can someone identify this font?
Is the name of God simply a third person form of to be?
How early in the cycle can a woman who is undergoing IVF go to mikvah?
Celebrating Thanksgiving and Hanukkah together
What is wrong with asking the angels for a blessing in Shalom Aleichem?
Do we consider ourselves converts?
Source(s) for Chazon Ish and Rav Shach's position on Ir Hanidachat
Why does the weekly torah pirtion need to be read from a Torah scroll?
Demons can wreak havoc on Tuesday and Friday nights? Why those nights specifically?
Why does God tolerate demons? What is their purpose?
Are Jews greater than angels?
What was/is the leviathan as described in Tanach and Rabbinic literature?
When will the period of Acharonim end?
Writing notes and highlighting in the Tanakh
How to interpret Deuteronomy 18:15 using singular form for prophet?
Jawbone UP on Shabbat
Exact text from Rav Eliyahu Lopian's "Lev Eliyahu" citing a story about the Chofetz Chaim
Rav Moshe milk and tuna
Resource for dotted letters in Nakh
How exactly can a get be forced
Avraham's different approaches to kidnapping
Kashrus status of menurkeys
Consequences of not following the mitzvoths
Is it permissible to touch an unclean animal that is living?
Dancing on Yom Kippur
Were the בגדי לבן‎ 30 ‎מנה in weight or value?
Choosing literature based on content/values
Punishment for sins one cannot now be expected to avoid
What does being put in cheirem mean for you and your descendants?
Seemingly weak proof-texts from Tanach
How does Judaism views Secularism?
Sleeping in a sukkah that was "cut" in half
Covering challas by 3rd meal on Shabbos
Can marooned Jewish couple marry in G-d's eyes alone and start a family?
How does Judaism reconcile God cannot be seen/incarnate/etc. with Pilar of Fire story?
concept of Breira unknown to the Tana'im?
Is there a special status for the offspring of an animal that was dedicated for a Karban?
Is the Koren Sacks Nusach Sefard truly nusach ha'Ari?
Benefits of studying Ramak's Pardes Rimmonim vs. R. Vital's Etz Chayim?
Does כל האומר דבר בשם אומרו מביא גאלה לעולם apply to all people?
Is laying with a woman during her separation worthy of death or just uncleanness?
Did Akeidat Yitzchak dedicate Yitzchak and his future offspring to Hashem?
Laying Tefillin on Chol HaMoed Prior to the Shulchan Aruch
Order of blessing children on Erev Shabbos
Must a Divorced Man Wear a Tallis While Davening?
Explaining to children why we don't celebrate Halloween
What evidence shows that Moses wrote the Torah?
Hints and thoroughness in Talmudic referencing of Tanach
Pressing some common apologetic insights
What is the difference between gerim, nochrim and zarim?
Origin of the allegory of the long spoons
What was the formulation of the Bracha about Yerushalayim in the times of the Temple?
Shemona Esrei - when did it start?
Linking Malchut to Feet
Ever Encouraging Conversion?
What happened to Avraham's other sons?
Halachic Approaches to Utilitarianism vs. Deontology
Ein mearvim simcha besimcha - two shevah brochos in one meal
Using straps of Rashi Tefillin for Tefillin of Rabbeinu Tam
Realistic expectations at bar mitzvah age
List of halachot that relate to 'demons'
Can convert siblings marry each other?
Opinion that nusach Ashkenaz and Sefard are the same
Does the Reishis Chachma apply to our generation?
How to implement the Mesilas Yesharim
Tashlumin for a missing bracha - What if one forgot "veten tal omatar" on friday mincha
Books on the Existence of G-d?
What happened to the spoils from Egypt?
G-d's name on screen readers
How to remedy a case of possible Ayin Hara?
Limits of pronunciation of the Tetragrammaton
Who is understood to be the "one like a man" referred to in Daniel 7:13?
Looking for the source of the statement: עבודה צורך גבוה
Training an animal to do malacha
Was Hagar from Shem, Cham, or Yefes?
Where can I find Shekalim (Talmud Yerushalmi) in English online?
Can a woman converting to Judaism go to the Mikvah during her period?
If a woman converting to Judaism goes to Mikvah during her period but doesn't see any more blood, is she Tehorah?
Why did the people want a king?
Doors and Doorways in Parshat Vayeira
Is it permitted to make hand gestures in the Amidah?
Hachnassas Sefer Torah at night
Which community does not allow women to wear make up?
Personal prayer with other people
Limited nature of products considered kosher
Toasting is baking?
Why bow where we do in sh'mone esre?
Believing 'evil tongue' during elections
which kings must Moshiach descend from?
When is the correct place to put tefillin on during shacharis?
How to arrive at total Devekut HaMachshava
Why is Maseches Shekalim in Daf Yomi
Not davening the musaf of Rosh Chodesh on Shabbos Rosh Chodesh
Neder of 11 year old girl
Order of Masechtos in Seder Moed
Mikvah with three additional chambers
punctuation of ledor vador in Modim prayer of the Amida
Does anyone pray according to Rambam's Seder Tefila?
Contents of Genesis chapter 6
Resource for learning the Beis Yosef
Why are there four types of execution?
What is the punishment for receiving a seruv from a Bais Din?
Tzeit HaKokhavim According To The Gr"a & Geonim
Answering two people saying Kaddish out of sync
What level of understanding is required in "learning" for purposes of making a siyum?
Can women participate in learning for a group siyum?
What to do when finding blood in eggs
Earliest source for "Baruch Hu U'Baruch Sh'mo"
Wing clipping and pinioning
All the many, many details
Are Rabbinic decrees binding forever, or can they be rescinded?
Chalav Yisrael milk: stringency or binding?
You didn't cut your nails last Friday; now it's Wednesday and they're too long. Should you cut them now?
Pulling out hairs while wiping yourself on Shabbat
Yom Kippur, fasting, and snot
Does a Snuggie need tzitzis?
"If you have time, say this"
Getting dressed in the bathroom
Covering containers of water
Is "Yarden" a Hebrew name that was used?
What do you do with a ketubah document following a divorce?
List of all the Seforim Software
Small Kaf in ולבכתה (when Avraham mourns Sara)
Has anyone seen or heard of a heter not to read shnayim mikrah ve'echad targum?
Rashi on the Rif?
Source for Quote about the cost of bread in the times before Moshiach?
looking for resources on making a group siyum of talmud bavli
Why did Yitchak not follow in Avraham's footsteps regarding hospitality
Is G-ddamn considered cursing God?
Source of "Legitimate pleasures" quote
What constitutes a "Hesped" (eulogy)?
Can one be liable for death by delivering upsetting news?
How does Ezra's decree prove Hefker Beith Din Hefker?
What is the Tuma status of food which touched a corpse?
Absolute unity and singularity of God
Who is "us" in Genesis 1:26 if God is one?
What is the view of the Jews for the Messiah
What is the Jewish interpretation of Jeremiah 8:8?
Why are there so few Jews if God promised Abraham his children would number like the stars?
The status of Eliezer as a slave
Why Doesn't Rasag Mention Spices As Part Of Havdalah?
Why Doesn't Rasag Mention "Modim D'Rabbanan" As Part Of Tefillah?
Why are there no Tanaaim or Amoraaim with the names Avraham or Moshe?
Why name Yitzchak after something that is perhaps negative?
Is it permitted to pray in underclothes that one slept in (underwear, t shirt) if outer clothes changed?
Referring to Gentile Priest as "Father"
Tovelling food on Shabbos
Why do some men wear the kitul under their suit jacket at their wedding?
Why Doesn't Rasag Mention Olives In The Five Fruits From Eretz Yisrael?
Preparing for the weekday on Shabbos after nightfall
Katan (child) opening up the aron kodesh
Ancient Texts Claiming that G-d is Perfect
Messiah's tribal pedigree, and the Diaspora
Should you refrain from putting ash on your forehead if your wedding coincides with Ash Wednesday?
Why don't women drink alcohol (other than kiddush wine) in shul?
Bracha on breastmilk?
What is appropriate covering for non-Jewish men at a Jewish funeral?
Lubavitcher Rebbe's view on Rashi
Minhag of married women shaving during marriage
Taking a pill together with a food
When is there a heter to use a condom?
Why didn't the Kohanim wear Tzizis?
Going into a Reform synagogue to take a test
Does minhag hamakom apply to a college minyan?
How exactly is a Zona labeled a Zona
How to understand the Medrash that Isaac's eyes were weakened by the tears of the angels?
Can I keep a siddur in my wallet?
Did Jacob and Esau have other brothers?
What are the Tumah implications outside of Temple?
Brewing fresh coffee for Shabbos with a time clock
Why don't we say the first verse of Psalm 6 in Tachanun?
Insulting a widow (almana) and apologizing
Why is Moshiach a “fundamental belief” (iqar)?
Why does the Torah give us exact dates for the flood?
Why recite the fourth Berachah of Bentching in a case of doubt?
Rambam on Planting non-fruit trees on Shemita
What was the reasoning of the 'scorners of the generation'?
What is the correct way to serve soup on Friday night?
One Shabbos or two?
Kashrus of Pepperidge Farm Goldfish
Is one obligated to do some kind of Jewish outreach today
Why is eating chazir (pig) a "worse" issur than eating a nevelah (animal that wasn't shechted properly)?
I got fired, is there a mitzvah I should do?
Rishonim/Achronim time period differentiation
Can a convert (ger) become a chabad shliach?
Pronouncing the Cholam like a Tzeirei
Bishul Akum for Sefardim
Can there be an early 'Tzes HaChochavim' due to an eclipse?
Can one make yoghurt on Shabbos?
Erasing part of a letter on Shabbos
Was the Rambam successful?
Did Brit with rainbow happen in Kislev?
Proving Jewish identity through gravestone
Borrowing in a foreign currency
Why does the Torah reading break up Lavan's short speech?
what is the first thing to teach total beginners
Were the there only 55 שמיטה years between the Exodus and the First Temple?
How is a ten tefachim wall hard to use?
Does a Man's other children indicate anything about his wife unable to have children for 10 years?
Why did Leah give Zilpah to bear children?
What is the Jewish belief regarding evil spirits?
Origin of Reform/Conservative "scarf" talleisim
Conservative Kiddush Levanah
saying the word "Jesus"
To what extent is homosexuality forbidden among non-Jews?
What type of mitzvah, if any, is a donation to medical research?
Wearing tallis and tefillin before z'man
Death penalty convict status
Customs for closing eyes for Keriyat Shema
Calling a Muslim leader an "Imam"
May an employer dismiss an employee to pressure him in a non–work-related matter
Was Marcus Jastrow an apikores?
Can a garment be assur for men and women because it is both beged ish and beged isha?
How did it happen that the m'chaber came to be called that?
responsibility for passing on a virus (medical)
Can anyone help me find resources for the content and organization of a shul library?
The "Canon" - Basic Sefarim for a Shul Library?
Does a Talmudic dictionary have kedusha?
Should you say a blessing on diet soda used to swallow a pill?
Where is the source that the cup we dip our finger in during the seder is known as the kos shel paraniut?
Can a man who has undergone sex change give his wife a Get?
requirement for Chabad shluchim to be married?
why are there so few great gedolim today
Amen to another's blessing while you are in the middle of a verse containing a curse
What is a "hidden yom tov"?
What are the parameters concerning the use of the menorah lights
If your rabbi accidentally tells you that something is allowed, and you follow him, are you punished?
What is the Lubavitcher Rebbe's position on gentiles in the Land of Israel
Marrying one's father's wife
Why don't we have a "shulchan aruch of forbidden beliefs"?
Holiness status of Yod-Yod
Davening for someone to get punished
Why does Chabad not do Kiddush before Davening?
Must I ceremonially dispatch a non-kosher animal meant for Gentile consumption?
Cookies for kiddush
Why don't we say amen after a Heicha Kedusha?
pidoyon haben for a baby born from egg donation?
If a Cohen couple gets an embryo donation do they perform pidyon?
Can a teen threaten or attack one parent, who is beating or is about to beat the other?
Must a bride represented as virgin bleed on sheets for marriage to be valid?
Who Commanded Us, and For What?
Is Mashiach an incarnation of God according to any Jewish tradition?
Birthday Card on Shabbat
What are some non-allegorical commentaries on Song of Solomon?
Is Jewish theology Panentheistic by definition?
Beracha on washing hands in a natural body of water
Who says צִוָּה vs. צַוֵּה at a b'ris?
Can a deep-cover agent on active assignment violate kashrut to blend in with targets?
Ladies first or men first?
Having a non-Jew do malacha for a katan on Yom Tov
Neckties on Shabbat
How old is the tradition of the Genizah?
What was Hevel (Abel's) sin?
If a hand is 4×4, why not when rain bounces off of it? (שבת ה ע״א)
understanding tzimtzum k'peshuto
Does the Torah command three different ma'aser?
Source for pairing l'chaim with alcohol?
Table of Contents for 'Aruch HaShulhan?
Who is the subject of Zechariah 14?
Riches found in a purchased item. Return or keep it?
Brisker Shiurim Online
Pregnant and not recommended to get a get
Interpreting the Zohar's Prediction of the year 1840
Was chicken originally considered pareve? If so, when and why was this changed?
If we don't cook a calf in its mothers' milk, why can we use eggs with chicken?
Who needs a fence around their roof?
When the Gemoro quotes a possuk, why does it sometimes not quote the part which is the reason for the quote?
Are corn chips mazonot?
How do we determine the nature of the reign of the kings when the numbers don't seem to add up?
How do we define the word 'עולם'?
Removing signs from a Shul bulletin board
Slide Rule on Shabbos/Yom Tov
Why is it called Berachah Me'Ein Shalosh, and not Arba'?
Wearing tefilin all the time included Shabbat?
Why wear tallis on head at different times of davening?
How is lack of tznius lifnei eiver?
Deadly force in self defense vs defense of others
Can a Jew serve as a secular judge?
What's wrong with "we want moshiach now"?
Why make the Kohen burning the Para Aduma rabbinically impure?
Masheches Yuma or Yoma?
What is a ger's birthday in terms of Jewish astrology? conversion date or birth date?
Exercises in *yiras shamaim* (awe of the Lord)
Is it still adultery if the other spouse consents?
Is there such a thing as judicial suicide for a capital crime?
May someone avoid drinking on purim when on medication that could interact with alcohol?
Esav is coming with 400 men - is there a significance to the 400 men?
Sources for Jewish Education system today
How does the kohein gadol's substitute wife work?
When Chanuka begins on Shabbos and one lit the Menora prior to Davening Mincha
Chanuka Kaddish error after Hallel
Do the strings for tzitizit need to be made lishma?
Google says it is the Jewish Year 5774. The wiki says Judaism is 3000 years old. How is this discrepancy reconciled?
How similar is orthodoxy practiced today to ancient times?
why was R. Eliezer ben Hyrcanus excommunicated?
Why does Pniel have two spellings?
What is the problem with writing שט as a number?
Is there a blessing on anointing?
Can you eat beeswax?
Food that became prohibited because of a fly, then was separated into 3 new parts, nullified?
Tzadakkah questions (flyers in mail)
Is it assur to play sports with a yarmulke?
Why doesn't Rosh HaShanah precede Yoma in Daf Yomi?
Is there a bracha for hail, for snow?
Different miracle-publicization strategies on Chanuka and Purim
Aristotle eating Aiver Min HaChai
Is there a record of the Frankist talmud disputation?
Which published Moreh Nevuchim would you recommend?
Nespresso Machine Tevilas Keili alternatives
What happens when a potential convert can't have a circumcision?
Does kavod ha'brios apply to non-Jews?
Tasting food whilst cooking
Is the Ramchal's sefer Derech Hashem based on any particular Rishon?
Plants before the Sun in the Order of Creation
Cheap Techeilet?
challah bracha on separate dough balls
Inconsistent scheduling for the musaf offering
Mesilat Yesharim - how much time per day for zehirut/watchfulness
Which Tachanun should I say when davening in a minyan with a different Nusach?
Am I allowed to get miles or points for a loan?
Which opinion of the Rambam is followed, the Mishneh Torah or the Responsum?
Heating cold food on shabbos - Until what temperature?
Can bleach be sufficient to cleanse for Passover?
Cost study comparing Kosher and non Kosher foods
Why was the Israelite section in the Beis Hamikdash so small?
Is Yod a vowel in hebrew?
What are the circumstances of the fulfillment of Ezekiel's vision of the temple?
Do Sepharadim celebrate Thanksgiving?
Who was the "Tana Dvei Rabbi Yishmael"?
Where can I find an online Talmud with interlinear text?
Among the gentiles, why Job and Bilaam were recognized as prophets whereas Muhammad was not?
In adultery, why is a wife is guilty, and a husband not?
Seeking a German Siddur
What does it mean that there was "great wrath upon Yisrael" in Melachim II 3:27?
Why is Darchei Moshe split into two versions: the short (Hakatzer) and the long (Ha'aruch)?
Wanted: stories about shaatnez
Nature of Prohibition on Banned Jewish/Torah Books
Source for saying Aramaic parts of davening quietly?
What b'racha do you say on seeing the Aurora Borealis (if any)?
Solitary Aramaic word in 'Al HaNissim
Greeks' gas lamps
Was Potiphor a Eunuch?
Source for Osnat's Locket
Who said many agados were to wake students?
Ner Mitzwa (MaHaRa"L), Machon Yerushalayim Edition
where to buy Sefer Ohr Yitzchak
Are there any good commentaries on Yerushalmi?
Not sitting shiva when the baby passes away after 30 days
Quotations of the Islamic Hadith in Jewish texts
reasons for standing for kaddish
what are the "Mishnah" and "Gemara" referenced in Pirkei Avot 5?
Who was R' Yosef Angeloni?
Question based on a story which implies not being able to say Kiddush Levana on a moving boat
Why identify personalities in midrash?
reason for black lines on wool talis katan
Stripes on talis with techeilet
Tznius issues today as practiced at social events
Did Depression-era U.S. high-school boys attend Jewish schools?
Sefer Nachal Eshkol - Tzidkat HaTzaddik - Rabbi Binyomin Hersh Aurbach
Why did הַר הַזֵּיתִים become a place of burial
A skipped Sheva Brocha
סימן יתק״ק and Shir Hashirim
How has toilets that flush changed halacha?
Retroactive Get to prevent mamzerut?
Techelet on Talit Gadol not Talit Katan
Isaiah 8:11: "kaf" or "bet"?
Why are we required to light Chanukah lights only for about half an hour?
Isaiah 53:8 "He was stricken" or "They were stricken"?
Conservative Jews saying "amen" instead of saying Harachamans
Is a person obligated to purchase life insurance?
Rashi and Corporealism
Variable pronunciation of patach chataf in Lithuanian Hebrew
(Sort of) Writing the Name of God
Is a mishna or a baraysa more authoritative?
Who are the demons in Deuteronomy 32:17?
Should a beracha be recited for a public Hanukkah lighting? Who should/can recite it?
Why wasn't the Torah given to klal Yisroel as a DVD?
Defining residence for purpose of candle lighting
How was Chanukah celebrated at the Beis HaMikdash?
A Jew named Christian
Why does Yaakov say in Braishis 43(6) "Why have you harmed me etc”
When to light the Shamash when lighting Menorah?
Electric menorah and the timing of sunset
How often does chanukah start before v'tain tal?
Do Jewish people believe in God?
Will editing genome of embryo having Jewish parents diminish Jewish status of later child?
Why do Jewish people pray to God to punish someone who has ideas that are different from what Judaism teaches (Heresy)
Is a dinner party gift muktza?
resource for learning proper sefardi pronunciations
From which tribe were the Mapilim of Num 14:40?
Was Pharoah Necho telling the truth about being sent from God?
Etymology of "yochevetzville"?
What is the general process for writing errata pages to sefarim?
12-step recovery programs with Gentiles
Why did Yosef cry about the future destruction of the Batei HaMikdash at that particular moment?
Resource for learning Nach Yomi
Why is the Rambam so famous?
Seeking a M'tzudos-like commentary on Echa
Effects of Paternity Fraud on Husband
Sources for saying "Al HaNissim" at the end of Shemoneh Esrei
Why aren't some the daily brachot made only once in a lifetime?
What is the opinion of Chofetz Haim on speech of Joseph about his brothers
Spaying of female dogs
Which edition of Midrash Tanchuma is this?
I am not Jewish but would like to visit a MO synagogue to pray occasionally on Shabbat. What is the best course?
Pyrex prep bowls: meat and dairy?
Why do we say "אשר ציוונו להדליק נר של חנוכה" while the decree is rabinical
Rashi's "בטל" w.r.t. r'shuyos
Ulchaparat pasha in Chazarat haShatz
Pronunciation of גפ״ת
Why does the Torah give the number of members of each tribe at the beginning of Bamidbar/Numbers?
Tosfos Within the Same Mesechta
Both husband and wife lighting the Chanuka candles separately
What to present to the rabbi
Using a flickering bulb on Shabas
Where can I find Derekh Hatzala by Shlomo Helbrans?
Should Jewish parents-to-be throw a baby shower?
What is learning torah lishma?
Allowing unmarried/homosexual couples into a hotel
The observance of Shemitah
Does "die" in Bereishit 2:17 imply the *beginning* of a process death, or simply *death*?
Halachic status of Sikhism as Avoda Zara
Can a store owner avoid hashavas avaidah?
How could Rebbi Zeira forcibly forget his learning?
Is one allowed to spray cologne on shabbos?
Babylonian Niqqud in Yemen
What is the correct way to cook Jachnun on Shabbat?
Why do Sephardi jews put on the tefillin shel yad while sitting?
Is it better to pray at a synagogue where you feel comfortable praying, or to go where your father prays?
What is the earliest source of the story of Serach bas Asher and the harp?
Can you eat cheese with bread-that-was-cut-with-a-meat knife?
Why did it take 7 years to divide the land?
What was the name of Tzipora's mother?
Why announce Mashiv Haruach and not Vtein Tal?
The Abolition of Vidui Ma'aser
What does "shachar" in "alos hashachar" mean?
Is Hashem 'involved' in everything that happens?
What were Naomi's sins?
Is it forbidden for a Jew to read the writings of Baruch Spinoza?
Yakkov living in Egypt 17 years - connection to 210 years of servitude
Why is there a dispute as to which tefillin are the correct ones?
Why was the side door to the hechal unlocked so oddly?
Variant text of דרור יקרא
Skipping Kabbalat Shabbat
How did names of foreign gods find their way into the Torah and Hebrew language?
Entering / Davening in a Karaite synagogue
Why does Joshua's command to appoint representatives in the Jordan Crossing seem out of sequence?
How do sefardim pronounce the tzerei?
Does a mitzvah fulfilled before one is obligated "count"?
When does one say סברי or ברשות?
Where did the Jews live at the time of Joshua before their portion was conquered?
Benefiting from channukah candles in a mirror
Is it permissible to exclusively wear tephilin according to Rabenu Tam?
Why is there seemingly such a disconnect between the Geonim and the Rishonim?
Does halakha count primates as "almost human"?
What is the benefit of humroth (stringencies)?
Maaseh Shabbos on Youtube
Where to store parve such as fish, in meat or dairy refrigerator?
Dairy hechsher but no dairy ingredients listed
Holes in walls above ten tefach
Why is Haman called an Agagite and not an Amalekite?
Source for how Agag had a child after being captured
Where can I find the Rav's hesped for R Chaim Ozer Grodzinsky?
Does Rav Sa`adya Gaon hold that t'philin require one b'rakha or two?
Should someone tell a Jewish doctor about a tattoo of G-d's name?
Are separate stainless steel and aluminum dishes really required?
What are Geonim's definitions of Attiphath Yishma'elim?
Is it ever a Chillul Hashem to discuss Torah principles?
Niqqud of the name of the מהר"ץ חיות
How do we treat a י"א in the Shulchan Aruch?
Looking for a sefer to help prepare for smicha
Nekudot in Word 2010
Does Nivul Peh apply to writing?
Proper pronunciation for sheva and komatz for sefardim
Is it Nivul Peh to ask if a phrase is Nivul Peh?
Are gingerbread houses prohibited?
Resources for teaching chassan classes
Making up a synagogue calendar manually is tedious work. Which software can do the calculations automatically?
When and why would one don sackcloth?
Didn't Shem already have an altar on Moriah?
Can one repeat the name of Hashem when reading from the Torah to get the singing note right (meaning unchanged)?
On Shabbos or Yom Tov can one wait for the chazzan and join him to say שוכן עד?
How was the tomb of the matriarchs determined?
Waiting Between Meat & Dairy According To The Geonim
What does "p'ruath rosh" actually mean?
are lice considered a chatzitza?
End Time For Sacrificial Offerings
Has the Sefer Abudraham been translated into English?
Source for 3 and only 3 Temples
Does Lo Techanem apply to online Q&A sites?
Can one repeat the name of Hashem when reading from the Torah to get the singing note right (meaning changed)?
Is there a 3d walkthrough tour of the beis hamikdash online?
May a Kohen become a doctor?
Are gold (or silver) jewelry charms considered avodah zarah?
Why did Samson's parents not see the incident with the lion?
How could two prostitutes come to Solomon if prostitution was prohibited by the Torah?
May I drink water while wearing tefillin?
Words in place of names of Hashem
Is an asexual person obligated in Pru Urvu?
Elohim - Female Image of G-d
What was Moses' staff made of?
Sharing Mi Yodeya questions on Facebook
Can photographs be considered idols?
Living a sheltered lifestyle
The Sciatic Nerve and Fat of Kosher Fowl
Is there anyone today who only wears Rabenu Tam t'philin?
the reason for a tallit being used as a chuppah
Is There a Modern Belief the Shekhina is the Feminine Presence of God?
best time to ask god for personal requests
Why is moses considered to be the greatest man that ever lived?
Saadia Gaon on the Torah Original Arabic
Naming a baby after a living non-relative
What Kashrut Agency Uses this Symbol?
Pouring honey into a hot beverage
Yeshua Sar Ha-Panim
Didn't Rambam say Aleinu leshabeach?
Trains traversing cemeteries - Kohanim
Responses to Dor Daim / Talmidei HaRambam
why do the festivals of sukkot and pesach last seven days
Dealing with an asexual wife
Esrim Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Is there really a distinct "Jewish soul"?
Do converts represent a "farblondzshet" neshama?
Do the parents of a convert merit in the afterlife for their child's decision?
Process of making a chalitza
reward for not doing an avairah
לא (lamed-aleph) vs אל (aleph-lamed)
Why do the Samaritans perform the Passover sacrifice while Jews do not?
How could the Temple have become tamei?
Talmud's statement concerning people who believe G-d did not command all 613 mitzvos
Poti-phera's Title/Job Description
What is the symbolism of Choni Ha'Magel's circle?
What do we do with Chazaka's that don't seem to hold?
Sex-less Marriage
How is gender halachically determined?
Why did Bigtan and Teresh want to kill the king?
When did Yitzchak pray for Rivka to become fertile?
Do the laws of Negiah depend on sexual orientation?
Can the promise to repay through a credit card be considered a guarantee for a loan to a Gemach?
makhloket poskim and hatarat nedarim
Why did Moshe ask why the bush wouldn't burn when it did?
Pharaoh or King of Egypt?
Yosef's 10% in Israel
When was the last Korban Pesach done?
Can I fold my neighbour’s tallis if I find it in Shul unfolded a day or more after Shabbos?
Can tax ever be considered maaser?
The Fourth Exile, Persia or Rome?
Echad Ve'esrim Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
December 25 Greetings
Hanging mezuza for someone else - bracha?
Halacha of putting on talit Katan in the morning
(Why) is Mordechai calling all the shots?
Woman with 2 wombs in regards to pidyon haben
Painting the backs of tefillin straps black?
Scraping fish with a finger nail?
How does Beis Din handle loans with interest?
"Instruction" Words
Are enclosed modes of transportation domains?
How should a tallit gadol be washed?
Does a marriage last beyond death?
Fasting when seeing an Aron Kodesh fall with a Sefer Torah inside
Understanding Maaseh Avos Siman L'banim
Saying "HaMakom yenachem..." multiple times
Halachic basis for opposing erection of a giant statute of Jesus in Israel
Did Levi see Moshe and Aaron?
Deception to defeat an agenda
Does Tuma get nullified?
Why aren't there nittle nachts for other holidays?
Commiting to a group's educational system
Waking up early to eat before a fast
What's "מיי׳" short for?
Getaways that are focused on learning
Making a Bracha on pleasurable things
Tumah from touching scalp?
What are the Tanakhic sources for Mashiach the end of exile?
What was Rabbi Judah ben Samuel's method for predicting the Beginning of Messianic Times?
Should I improvise a b'racha in a case of doubt?
Meis Mitzva and Idolatry
How do I pronounce "yod" when there is a dot inside of it?
source for obligation to recite the shema
When did the plague of vermin stop?
Why do Jewish books use shiny text on the spine?
Kosher shops selling turkeys
Any famous Jews named Muhammad, Mahmud, Mehmet, etc.?
How could they stone with esrogim without a court case?
Authenticity of Nach
What can a Jew draw?
Full davening audio or video
Is this analogy in Reisheis Chokmah?
What parts of the Septuagint are and are not reliable?
Praying with pictures or money on the table
Answering an essential answer while in the middle of another
What to do if the minhag of my ancestors changed
Shaliach Tzibbur missed out one or more blessings in the repetition of the amidah. What to do later?
Why did the waters of the flood have to cover the mountain 15 amos?
Clarifying the prohibition of Mishkav Zachar
Why has Judaism traditionally discussed intimacy only privately?
How many Mishnayot are there?
Kosher Coconut Oil Packed in Non-Kosher facility
What sin did Jesus do?
What does Isaiah 9:6 mean?
Why is Sefer Yetzirah attributed to Avraham?
Required to check the Arba Minim before the mitzvah?
Looking for a list of cities with mikvaos
What is the meaning of the tetragrammaton vowelised to read Elokim?
Rishonim saying Ester took place during the second bayis
Did Moshe know beforehand that there would be 10 plagues?
Why can I not say a b'racha before taking a regular bath at home?
How many halachot are detailed in the Mishneh Torah?
How many sugyot are marked in the 1835 Vilna Printing of the Talmud Bavli?
How many disputed and undisputed Torah Mitzvot are there?
If Jews shouldn't marry non-Jews, why did prominent Jewish leaders do so in the bible?
Solar analog watch be worn on Shabbos where in the dark the second stops?
Are there prophetic perfect tenses?
What is the status of Mitvah for typical jews?
What's "Modern Orthodox(y)"?
Did Rashbi Write the Zohar?
How did the plague of blood work?
Interfering with wild predator and prey animals
What's the reason for conquering the different nations in Joshua?
Paroh vs. Faroh in Parshat Bo
If Jews don't eat cheeseburgers, why did Abraham serve a calf with milk?
Ripping garments when hearing Hashem's name?
Desecrating Shabbos in a non-Orthodox or non-Jewish neighborhood
Did R' Moshe de Leon write the Zohar
Does Ruach Ra'ah transfer between people
Circumcision liability
Is it right to point out that the Chazzan omitted a brocho in his repetition of the amida?
How to choose 'your' rebbi?
What are all the different koshers for/about?
Is there a Malach for Am Yisrael?
May a shofar be blown for recreational purposes?
Who was Shaul ben HaCanaanie?
power went off Bishul Akum
Omnipotence and Omniscience
Which communities do not allow women to smoke?
Who developed the " symbol, to be used for rashei teyvot or acronyms?
Rape for a girl and is looking to get married
When was the modern manuscript for the Torah agreed upon?
Counting years according to the solar calendar
a girl who has been raped - mikvah
Elisha's Staff and Revival
How did Abraham conclude that the world must have a master?
Turn dairy ceramic pot into parve pot
Washing hands after touching a gentile corpse
Are there any early mentions of the concept of "l'iluy nishmas"?
Why is Midrash not in the Torah
Source for Chazon Ish on What defines a Lamdan
Can one say kaddish for a gentile?
Why did the Israelites build a golden calf in the desert?
Slavery, the Beautiful Captive, and Conversion
What is "reverse certification"
Why are wedding invitation abbreviated b'rachos different for males and females?
Why were Joab killing all males in Edom?
Was R. Gamliel really a great rabbi in Jewish estimation?
Interracial marriages : Has anyone ever forbid it?
Better for a kohen to daven in a minyan with one other kohen or no kohanim at all?
In What year was "Al Pi Kabalah" first quoted for a Halachic ruling?
Cesem found on someone with dark skin
Who protected the women and children of Reuven, Gad, and 1/2 Manashe during the conquest?
Halachic status of malawach
Is Zoroastrianism Avodah Zarah?
How could Yochanan Kohen Gadol abolish the wakers?
How do I repair a damaged friendship?
What calendar-dependent laws must non-Jews follow?
Which stone of the Kotel is directly opposite the Kodesh hakodashim?
What if the tafel comes to hand first?
Speaking to a deceased person
Biblical versus rabbinic transgressions
Is there any record of spousal abuse in the written or oral tradition?
Amen after hearing an identical blessing
Why is the hard limit for the size of a beis din 71 members?
Do you know a Rav who did not remarry after the death of his wife?
Satmar and head covering
What's an elegant way to avoid social contact with untzinius or attractive women?
Breishis 5:5 - Adam's 930 years are written backwards?
carrying versus transferring on Shabbat
Dagesh in Ne'umecha
What are the etiquette regarding recitation of Tehillim order for the sick?
Tehillim: can one pray Psalm 119 for themself after having prayed for family and friends?
Shochen Ad- Isaac & Rivka
Does a Kohen have to seek the same critria for a peligesh as he would for a wife?
Are sex change operations prohibited for non-Jews?
What halachot are affected by color blindness?
Would Harry Potter be killed as a sorcerer?
Why doesn't Yitzchak mention the knife?
What does an androginus or tumtum say in Birkot HaShachar?
Halachic status of sleep paralysis
Baldness in Judaism
Why don't Ramaniote Jews use the hei in names?
looking for explanation of shemonei esrei
Is It Permitted To Listen To Secular Music?
Examples of Rabbis who had strong disagreements and were amicable
Praying in "multifaith spaces" in airports and other institutions
Where did Rav Menashe Me'Iliah argue on Rashi?
Who are the chassidei klali?
Why does the Megillah tell us Mordechai was a Jew?
Does Cyrus believe in God of Israel?
Walk His way; Derech Hashem
How is the body of a androginus or tumtum hung?
Would a widower observe Yahrzeit after remarriage?
Hair coverings for unmarried women
What are the different types of Shpitzlach?
Should Jepthah have sacrificed his daughter?
Shabbos activities for kids
Is the last name Logan Jewish?
Parshas Zachor before Purim?
Parable of man visiting diamond-filled island
Eating dairy after pareve on meat equipment?
Why does the depiction of the tablets not contain the full wording?
How do I find answers to sensitive questions I can't ask my rabbi?
Family Event at non-kosher resturant
Why does the Haftara of Mishpatim end before it starts?
Why don't we say what the Yerushalmi says to say during Bircat Kohanim?
Why did the angels not go straight to S'dom?
Repeating words in prayer
Is vodka made from whey kosher?
What does אדון הכל mean?
What is the difference between תקיף and בעל היכולת and בעל הכוחות כולם?
G-d's Divine Presence vs Omnipresence?
Cooking in a day old pot on purpose
Going out of their way to look for דם בתולים the second time
What is one's purpose in life and how does one find it?
What was the underlying problem behind Hashem’s decision to lead the Children of Israel to Eretz Yisrael by a circuitous route?
May one learn / talk after Yishtabach when waiting for the Chazan to start Birchos Krias Shema?
Is there anything like a "Tikun Korim" for Nach?
Source for Gemara about Gedalia
Requirements for people reciting shevah brachot at an orthodox wedding?
Why try to make friends with a bread recipient's mother?
Onkelus translation of Gods name
Can you remarry someone you have divorced in the past?
Which prophets in tanach were prosecuted?
Tzitzit Knot Problem
Did Sadducees consider themselves Jewish?
Halachot within the means of Hypnosis
How could the time of when the Azazel red strip turns to white be imprecise?
Why does the verse in Tehillim (115,7) not say “they have hands…they have feet” similar to the previous verses?
When did the practice of Exodus 35:2 stop?
What is the Halacha if one shechted a sacrifice on Shabbos and found it to be a Treifa?
What is the response to Maane Ligros regarding Cholov HaCompanies
How can I learn Yemenite ta'amei hamikrah?
Does death in immediate family require a delay in child's wedding?
How should one answer a fool asking about Torah matters?
Could a religious man be an anarchist?
Where was the "beis Ha'Sereifah"?
Why are challot traditionally braided?
What's with the Bima?
Life support for a dead pregnant woman for the sake of a pre-viable baby
How do I give pidyon?
Contradiction between Shulchan Aruch Harav and his siddur
The order of words in the Shemoneh Esrei vs. the order in the prayer of the gabbai
Is the Shehechiyanu bracha recited when eating an esrog fruit?
Is shooting rattlesnakes on a cattle range considered hunting?
Are there any examples of Chazal pointing out a flaw in one of their contemporaries?
In the beautiful language of hebrew what is Todah?
Once a Jew, always a Jew?
Is there an aversion to having Gentiles in the synagoge and why?
Tosefta vs. Toras Cohanim
Best way to learn Hebrew to read Torah
Why Is the Possuk Read Backwards?
Rabbinic understandings of non-Divine origin of Onqelos
Is there still prophecy among the gentiles?
Sources for free will of angels
Not paying interest
Including a minor for zimun
Is Jewish birthday the same every lunar year
My great great grandmother was Jewish - am I?
Why is being religious a duty if God chose to not have a proof to his existence in this world?
Three letters at the end of the parasha
Where does the Talmud discuss the reason for Onan's death?
Why is the information that Malchi-Tzedek was a priest not written earlier in the posuk?
Why did Moshe need to go up Har Sinai to be told to go down?
Did women get married before age three and have relations?
What is the correct vocalization for Megillas Ester 3:6
What can I skip after Amida in Shacharit?
Was stoning practiced in 30-32 CE?
Leather and vegetarianism according to Rav Kook?
Why is it called "safek berachos lehakel" to make a more inclusive beracha?
Tribes of the Northern Kings
Understanding ones own 'middah k'neged middah'
The Prophets from Job Primarily Addressed Gentiles?
Why did Eliyahu go to the outskirts of Bes El but right into Y'richo?
Why keep Kashrut?
Is the chazzan allowed to wait to say kaddish?
If a king kills accidentally does he go into exile?
Postponing circumcision: what consequences?
Does circumcision require an orthodox Mohel?
Daven mincha after lighting Shabbos candles
How many approaches to Torah are there?
When the entire Minyan is saying Kaddish
Second and third person at beginning of Mishpatim
Should Kaddish for a parent be said for eleven or twelve months?
Kaddish yatom: what if a parent really *is* wicked?
Why 72-minutes for Dutch, Swedish, Finnish, and Northern European Jews?
King Zecharia; A Court of His Own?
Order of Idolatrous Kings' Courts
Would one say Kaddish for someone who forfeited his portion in the world to come?
Is the presence of a rabbi required for an orthodox wedding?
Idolatrous Courts of Judah's Kings
Was Kever Rachel temporary?
Modifying a Shtender on Shabbos
Joseph's Garment- Made or hand me down?
Was Yosef sold at age seventeen?
Is one allowed to light a candle which has oil on top and water underneath on Erev Shabbos?
How did someone know which portion of 'manna' was his?
Animals Created By Sefer Yetzirah
How did Achashveirosh not know that Esther was Jewish?
Soldier's Shovel
Issachar's Banner in Halacha
May one set posts for Shabbos?
Why are consumables eg "oil for lighting" mentioned in Shmos 25 (6) as needed for the construction of the mishkan?
Peh at the end of a word
sefer Yetzirah ox goring,or Golem damages
Is there a pattern to Yonasan Ben Uziel's introduction to mitzvos?
Why can't Hashem chase the people out of Canaan quickly?
burying the dead in Jerusholaim - 1948
Custom of Rov speaking before Krias HaTorah on Shabbos
Bar Mitzvah and reading curses (tochicha)
Shnayim Ve'esrim Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Who got the matnas kahunah before the Egel?
Donating to A Christian Charity
Ruling Like Beis Shammai
Bracha on Potato Skin
Is there a penalty or measure of restitution for geneivas daas?
Source for book of Tehillim out of order?
Seforim of Ramchal
Problems of transcription
Kashrut--idol in restaraunt
Why is the blessing of Mezonos not mentioned in the Mishnah?
Rivers in Genesis
No Musicians for a Schochet
Pirush On Megilas Esther regarding the word "Melech"
Can Jews standing naval watches take their shabbat in shifts?
Can you make a beracha during hiccups?
How long does a Bracha last for if I'm moving around in a building?
Pekuach nefesh by causing mortal injury in a non-rodef
Does repentance remove effects of prior sexual assault?
Does the existence of punishment remove the possibility of free will?
How to reconcile Biblical Flood story vs science and history?
Ritual immersion for the cantor
How was Tevilas Ezra effective in limiting conjugal relations?
Why do women and girls not immerse before prayer?
Halacha for a lending library dealing with publishers' stipulations
Source for Taanis Esther as a tikkun for the Eitz Hadaas?
Can one listen to Christian songs?
Is shogeg beyond my control?
Is one permitted to watch tv or movies with immodest women?
Should someone who isn't 100% certain of God's existence be considered a kofer?
Can a non-Jew perform a kiddush/chillul Hashem?
Does Publicizing Kiddush (or Chillul) Hashem Constitute That?
May one wrap tefillin shel yad over one's wedding ring?
Is one obligated to filter his internet?
Status of an elderly pet on Shabbos/Yom Tov
"When Adar Comes We Increase in Joy" - already from Adar I?
Haftora Parshas Teruma - Melachim1 6:7 - Rashi's translation to Russian
Argaman - What color is it?
May one host irreligious guests on yom tov?
Origin of the term Motza'ei Shabbos
Who is the החזו"א
Why is the hey in Elo-* replaced with a kuf?
Is it wrong to wear a necklace of a magen david?
When to take three steps forward
Why doesn't the Torah use more efficient ways to say "both" or "each" when describing the Mishkan utensils?
Relationship between Gold and Awe of G-d
Do I have to check my fruits and vegetables [for insects] before I put them in a smoothie?
Is there an actual mitzvah for women to dress tzanua in and of itself?
Are there any Jewish sources which discuss the existence of auras or energy fields?
When does the year start in terms of saying "Ulichaporas Pasha" for a leap year?
הִיא vs הִוא in siddurim
Is it a good thing to sing “ יָמִים עַל יְמֵי מֶלֶךְ תּוֹסִיף שְׁנוֹתָיו כְּמוֹ דֹר וָדֹר” in honour of the senior Rabbinic speaker?
Standing for someone who's turned seventy
Making a tanoim/vort for a zivug sheini (2nd marriage)
Time Parameters of Mishenichnas Adar Marbin B'Simcha
Can halacha change based on scientific research?
Why paint Kohanim in ram's blood?
Bowing during kedusha
Order of Gemara In Lubavitch Yeshivos
Chazan praying for the sick in Refainu
When should one cut his nails for Shabbos when Friday is Rosh Chodesh
Is there a negative connotation to Yair Mazolam - יאיר מזלם?
Does Judaism have a double standard?
Does the Torah ever mention jail as a punishment for a crime?
How can I respond to challenges to the Kuzari argument for the transmission of Torah from Sinai?
Origin of Hadran
פ in German Sta"M Script
Explanation of Eruvin 41b
Is there any source that says that women should / should not get drunk on Purim?
Is one permitted to study other religions?
When is OK to repeat words or lines in prayer?
Orlah safek (doubt regarding status) in Israel
Nichush- Nichush or Divine Messages?
What do Jews think angels look like?
Hebrew or Yiddish name for English "Louis"
How do we answer those who claim G-d doesn't exist?
Washing before Davening - 1 or 3 times?
Codifying in a variant-text based machlokes
Are there any Jewish miracles?
Why don't we say Rav Sadiaa Gaon's prayer for before and after baths?
Brevity of the Rishonim
Ramchal and Tzimtzum
koshering a keli less than 212 farenheit
The Meaning behind the Kaf
Can Moshiach be a woman?
How does one do Hagalah above 12,000 feet?
Is kosher food cooked by an irreligious Jew Bishul Akum?
What afterlife awaits a Tinoq Shenishba who studies Torah but fails to observe major halacha?
Is there any difference between being a Zionist and being a Jew?
Does Moshiach have to be a king?
Mitzvot of the Land of Israel
Written Semicha Tests
Is there such a thing as a Kaddish L'vatola?
Blowing into the wide end of the shofar
Abigail's Thigh
Talmudic Censorship
Identification of Censored Areas of Talmud
Can I use a SodaStream with an indicator light on Shabbos?
The beautiful captive vs. self-pleasure
Name changed due to illness - Does this necessitate a new Kesuba?
Borrowed an egg from my neighbor, and found a bloodspot inside
How many pesukim appear multiple times in Tanach
Anti-libertarian-ism in Chazal
contact solution on shabbat
What is the role of a shofet (as in the book of Shoftim)?
How Did the Breastplate's Chains connect to the Shoham Settings?
What is the punishment for Patur Aval Issur?
Nahmanides on the Golden Altar
Why doesn't Rav Saadia Gaon write about wearing tefillin even during prayer?
Does an incomplete oath count?
Is it okay to skip a bar mitzvah?
Is it spiritually dangerous to practice Christianity?
Accounts for Har Sinai
May one make oatmeal on Shabbos?
Using cups to keep the beat during Shabbos Zemiros
When does the obligation of kiruv end?
Where does the custom of a second "bar mitzvah" at 83 come from?
Is beer a davar charif?
Kibud Av Veim if parent(s) is an idolater
What makes something a davar charif and is there a canonical list?
Yirah HaShem/Shamayim & Yarmulkah
Wearing tzitzis to bed?
If a woman cannot have children, can she marry?
Is flipping a coin following an omen?
Kissing a Sefer Torah as it passes
Pushing and shoving Lesheim Shamayim
Shinuy Makom in a parked car
Androgynal self-impregnation
Having Oneg Shabbos with a non-Jew?
Recividism and teshuvah
mishenichnas adar
Can one reduce his monetary tzedoko by work that he donates to a charity?
What right did Rivka have to use Eisav's coat against him?
Perplexing Abbreviation in Tzafnas Paneach
Stealing from a non-Jew
When in history did Purim happen?
Concept that time is a spiral
Levi'im drinking from the ground-up golden calf waters
Looking for a definition of oneg Shabbos
King Josiah famous last words?
What was Reb Moshe Feinstein's view on electricity use on Shabbos?
Siyum Mishnayos on Erev Pesach
Why are identical words pronounced differently at certain locations of the Shema?
Does a finding of Jewish blood in a DNA test make one Jewish?
Amoraim unique to Masechtas
plastic utensil absorption and kashering
Can someone explain this statement of Chazal that is brought in Yesod Ha'avoda?
Cloth and meat and milk
How was Noah imperfect in his generation?
Aleph with a Dagesh
Renting out a Property which is not my home during Passover
Permissible to speak lashon hara about repeat wrongdoers?
Why is Purim on Adar II during a leap year?
Bottle of water for shaloch manos
Substituting security deposit for final month's rent
Status of a Cohen Who Intermarries
Mezuzah letters touching causing bad luck?
Can one test God with Shmita?
May a Kohen marry a giyores?
Two minim for Mishloach Manos?
What bracha is made on these culturally Sephardic foods?
Are water exercises in a mikva allowed?
Writing the woman's name in a kasubah or get: Plonis *ben* Ploni
God issuing prophecy in the name of idols
The difference between שור and פר
Why did the bull demand Eliyahu hand it over?
Was Moshe a Tanya-tzadik?
Why didn't kohanim undress themselves?
Why cover coals in the Temple, and what if the cover was needed?
A Jewish Equivalent for this Quote?
Lechem mishneh - Two questions
Succah with mosquito netting
Is there any basis for Chabad minhagim regarding tallit gadol?
What Set Oholiab and Bezalel apart?
Meaning of a Double Rainbow
Why are newer tefillin matte, while older ones are shiny
בגד (Begged) and מלבוש (Malbush)
Why is future tense used in Esther 3:2?
Why was Yam Suf necessary according to Rabenu Chananel?
Wearing Tefillin on Sukkot?
Why does the Mishna/Gemara so rarely mention the practical Halacha?
Is File Sharing Allowed?
Any sources that discuss חזרה (review) programs in detail?
Is it disrespectful to have a raffle where the prize is a Sefer Torah?
Using money on Shabbat
What is the Jewish status of descendants after successive intermarriage?
looking for a source that free choice is only prior to our decission
Commonly ommited from Arur Haman
What is "ol mitzvot" for a convert?
Why would Roosevelt have taken off his hat at a Jewish wedding?
Lechem Mishneh - Do both challot have to be touching?
Using a Frozen Challah for Lechem Mishneh
How much time must pass before making a second beracha on the same food?
What are the rules for covering one's head with a talit for sefaradim?
Translating and explaining Aramaic stipulations for an oath
Designating an item before shabbos for others- Snow Cones!
Baruch Hu Ubaruch Shmo-Meaning
Halachic categorization of safek dioraisa...
Shelosha Ve'esrim Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Why shva nach when it should be a chataf patach?
Notes becoming Sheimos
Spilling water from a full cup?
Taking 3 sips before gulping a drink?
Does Sim Shalom use orthodox text for maariv, and, if so, is it usable for maariv?
Is a miniature Torah scroll considered a real Sefer Torah
Prague and Pressburg and Rebbi Meir Shapira
What does "Baruch shem k'vod malchuso l'olam vaed" mean?
Connection of Karov to Tefillah
Ordering of cholim in bracha r'fayeinu
Upsherin at ​​2
Justification in the Tanakh
Source for long payos
Why are all the details of the Mishkan repeated?
Time for t'filah and you don't have a siddur: better to daven from memory or wait (and possibly miss the time)?
Can a child have the din of a "machalel shabbos b'farhasia"?
What are some good practical halacha audio shiurim I can find online?
Do we have a right to not be ambassadors?
HaTov Vehameitiv on hard liquor?
When and how did Haman amass so much wealth?
Where can I find titles/names for the Mizrahi sidrot / triennial pericopes of Torah?
Why no 15-minutes-early clause in English rabbis' contracts?
Who keeps the second set of sneakers?
Is cholent required?
What is the proper intent to have when we say "Kadosh, Kadosh, Kadosh?"
Learning Torah from a confirmed sinner?
What is the sugya for wall-writing?
Does tzar baalei chayim include mental anguish?
Timing of the 2nd Beit Hamikdash's building
Source that drinking on Purim is like fasting for two weeks
Where can I find modern business laws dealing specifically with online businesses?
How do you find or understand acronyms?
Chronicles & Kings
Women having more than one set of earrings?
What sefer has rashei teivot הל''פ?
Hamotzi during the week - dip? rip off a piece?
Does the Torah tell us what to eat at the Purim meal?
Using a non-kosher rotating pizza oven
Explaining if the terms 'Father' and 'son of G-d' are used in Jewish books
If David Commited Adultery, How Could He Remain With Bathsheba?
what induces a person to become more devoted in his religious pursuits?
Answering Amen to kaddish for a dog
Consistency vs. Forgiveness
Temporary tattoos on Shabbas
Is there any attestation to the name “יעל” spelled with an Aleph?
Kesher Tefillin program, is it kosher?
Missed Maariv Motzai Shabbos - when to say Ata Chonantanu
Tzom Gedalya vs. Taanis Esther
Are there sources that permit or prohibit co-ed learning of self-defense?
Mishloach Manos themes
What does this sentence mean?
Did Moses marry twice?
Source for Haman's hat
Would Chazal intentionally make a joke/pun?
What's the source that rain is a sign of blessing?
What to look for when going on shidduchim?
Is there a substantive difference in meaning when the Torah uses the Hebrew verb root דבר rather than אמר?
I need people from the Tanakh who represent "curiosity", "impatience", and "resignation"
Different customs for Ashkenazic and Sephardic weddings
Why does the Rabbi face the congregation during prayer?
Does a buyer owe a seller anything for a windfall that neither knew about at the time of the sale?
Why aren't non-Jews buried near Jews or wicked people near good?
Number of righteous necessary to save Sedom
Pesach: Kitniyos Plants
Who today are the most eminent Jewish religious leaders in America?
Mentioning our sins on Shabbos Rosh Chodesh
Do we say "Ma Tovu" each time we enter the synagogue?
Brocho BEFORE going to the bathroom
What is סדר מעמדות?
Shechita for chicken
Explanation of obscure Rashi (שבת דף יד)
How many Oreos in a kezayis?
Pardes... What actually happened?
Making a bracha on kosher ingredients cooked in non-kosher pots?
Algorithm to prepare laining
Western Wall and Note Maintenance
Who developed the vowels for the Hebrew language Ezra or the Masoretes?
Does Hebrew have any word that exclusively means god or gods?
Contradiction about the use of manure
חזרה שבועה לסיני
Why was David not afraid of the myriads he bought a round for?
Is Cholent DeOraitha or DeRabbanan?
Are there still American shuls that spit during Aleinu?
Is Aleinu considered a piyyut or a prayer?
How do I know what to take Challah from?
How could Pharaoh bring sacrifices?
Why don't we celebrate Ben Drusai's Yahrtzeit?
Is property belonging to a human god considered tashmishei avoda zara?
Using a coffee maker on shabbat when it is set on a timer
Heter to decorate the shul in a humorous way in Adar?
How do we fulfill the positive commandment to be crazy?
Level of obligation of married women covering their hair
Why does a guest not have to contribute a perutah for other mitzvot?
Halachos of psil techelet
Forwarding e-mail
Why Elohim is used far more in Tanach than El?
Why does Mishneh Torah have Shem uMalchut for Yishtabach?
Why does the prefix She- appear in only Tehillim, Shir Hashirim, and Koheles?
Putting on Tefilin one month before Bar Mitzva
What are the opinions that explain why Gemara is authoritative?
Sources for incense used in the Bet HaMikdash being hallucinogens?
Can an unmarried woman halachically cover her hair?
May a woman with artifical metal legs wear a short skirt or pants?
Seeking help constructing Purim Torah about EH"'E 22:13
Revenge and keeping halacha
Parents oppose a chumra
Does a lady have to remove a prosthetic arm or leg prior to going to the Mikva?
Is there a guide from Arizal concerning the reaction to an insult?
Covering eyes when saying Shema Yisrael
Which articles have to go into shaimous?
Having pictures in a room that is prayed in
Why we do we say אבינו מלכנו on שבת during נעילה?
Is wine from a Miracle Machine subject to Stam Yenam?
Falling with tefillin on
Materials that don't absorb
What constitutes סכנת אבר and what can you do on shabbat
Application of Lev Melech B'yad Hashem
Do Animals Have an Afterlife
What does "Adderabba" mean?
Jewish responses to a sneeze
Why does almost every community say Lecha Dodi?
Why can't we drink wine that was made by a non Jew but by machine
When the Leviim guarded the temple, did they sit down?
Kashrut of Bread
Hefsek between netilat yadayim and hamotzi
Online advertising on Shabbos
Question on the transfer of Ruach Ra'ah
What is the proper grammatical usage of *hamentaschen*?
What is this medallion?
Which way does one turn first when saying the Oseh Shalom Bimromav?
changing one's Hebrew name
Verses indicating that each person has an equal entitlement to a land-plot
Who is this woman keturah in פרשת חיי שרה
Neder to not eat pizza
With every Chumra comes a Kula
Did the Romans really argue that all they'd done was so Jews could study Torah?
Why do we say "shelo asani isha" everyday?
What if our purpose is to be bad?
What to do with stolen objects which are impossible to return?
Soulmate for someone who died unwed
Washing (with a blessing) before continuing a meal with no more bread
Days you shouldn't visit a cemetery
What is the significance of sprinkling blood on/around the Mizbeahh?
What is the history of Teimani peyos?
Can a mother taste her own breastmilk?
What is the stance on reading and writing non-Jewish literature?
English Translation of Song "Ka Echsof"
In Moses' time, would freeing a slave be harmful to the slave?
Why is Aharon ignored in parshas Vayikra?
Why was King Shaul commanded to kill all the animals of Amalek?
How could Rabbi Shimon bar Yochai eat from the carob tree?
Targum of the Peace Offering
What sources are there saying that the knot of the tefillah shel yad should be right next to the bayit?
Are there opinions who say you can't wear all four tzitzit in front, as the Temanim do?
Can I still wear my Star of David?
Do I have sufficient reason to investigate converting to Judaism?
Practically increasing simcha in Adar
What is an "iggeres"?
Conversion: If G-d really wanted me to be a Jew (and observe mitzvot), why was I not born into a Jewish family
Announcing the clock change in English?
The Second Temple
Innocent babies killed in flood
Is land ownership traditionally considered a status symbol in Judaism?
What is the source for the view that the Third Temple will be built by G-d and transported intact to Jerusalem?
A client of yours finally pays a bill — seven months late. Should you thank him?
Can I use voice command to do melacha on Shabbos
Does the Kashrut Authority of Australia always distinguish between dairy and dairy equipment?
Is there any proof of the existence of the soul?
Mitzva of Netilat Yadaim
Plants vs Zombies Avoda Zara
Why have there been no Hashgachas on DVDs, books, CDs, etc.?
Where can I find the Chasam Sofer's poems?
Why do we not shower every night?
The hashkafa of atheism and mitzvot d'rabbonon?
Is/Where is Tefillot (or Tefillah) ever spelt with a yud?
Why did Hashem create the world in such a way that a leap year is needed?
Chabad Shachrit late
Is there a problem with increasing the heat of hot food on shabbat
Why don't we use the same utensils for milk and meat if the food is cold
What is the problem with non kosher rennet
Are there any tanakh search engines?
Intrinsic reasons for being observant
How do you go from the Talmud to Halacha Lemaasah?
Are children whose mother converted after bearing them Jewish?
Did Isaiah ever believe that Hezekiah was the Messiah?
No Blessing on marital relations?
Why do we burn chametz instead of other ways of destroying it?
Why is there no asher yatzar after marital relations?
Effect of Maariv being originally optional
Peyot behind ears?
Giving shaloch manos to minor or non-Jew
What is rationale behind banging on table during bentching?
Ah freilichen purim .. English please
May one lie about knowing the difference between Haman and Mordechai on Purim?
Is praising non-Jews actually prohibited?
Torah attitude toward drinking alcohol
Contradiction in the Bartenura regarding value to food added by firewood
Age for Issur Yichud
What does ודוק or ודו"ק mean?
Can Food Remnants make you fleishig/milchig
Laws of yichud in the Soviet Union
What are the months of Jewish civil and religious calendar?
Kiddushin by a man who has the din of a חייב מיתה
Can you put on tefillin after shekia on Friday
Blessing on Shabbat candle lighting for men
How can one achieve k'fitzat hadereh (miraculous speedy travel)?
From Whence do we derive that Jews must span the political spectrum?
Removing fifth corner of Tallit
Why are some letters in the names of Haman's sons little?
In parshas Shemini why were Aharon and his sons not referred to by their title "the Kohanim"?
What's the Jewish equivalent of "crossing your fingers"?
Why does Samuel turn to leave and then kill agag?
What are the two prohibitions, and why thank God after being bound by them?
When did daily birkas kohanim stop?
Must you celebrate Shushan Purim if you've already celebrated normal Purim?
How was Charvonah at Esther's private party?
How was Shmuel permitted to kill Agag?
PTIJ: whats the diffrence
What is the meaning of the signs that Elijah was shown at mount Horeb
When transliterating a name for the Ketubah, can the letters י and ה be written together?
When the חזן has finished and a mourner is saying קדיש, at what point is it correct for the חזן to leave the עמוד?
Source to make noise when Haman's name is mentioned?
Violating the Shabbat across time zones
Immersing a dish used for a gift
Graciously accepting gifts
Why Hashem send prophet to Niniveh to warn them against robbery instead of idolatry?
Rav Moshe Feinstein and tzitzis tucked in
What's a Grammen?
What is the basic requirement for tzitzit knots?
Marrying a wife that is older than you?
How Were Princes of the Tribes Chosen?
What Was the Extent of the Princes' Authority?
How Many Princes per Tribe?
Showering on Shabbat and removing the chill.
Kohen status of a son by intermarriage?
Vodka distilled on shabbat
If prophets can only be "good guys" how come Balaam become a prophet?
Drinking beer on pesach
Does anyone say not to make noise for Haman?
What is the source for taanit dibur?
Finding the mishnah in tractate Pesachim that talks about beers
"לְחֹדֶשׁ שְׁנֵים עָשָׂר" in the Megillah and Al Hanisim
May a person order food from a vegan restaurant
Where is the Rabbinic prohibition of tattoos discussed?
Making shechayenu twice on megillah
Where can I find the concept of Davar ma'amid in the Gemara
420 Noachide Commandments?
Yiddish Song on Purim
Consulting a local orthodox rabbi if there isn't one?
As an atheist, what awaits me after death?
To Confront or Not Confront...that is the question?
Is it a sin to read parsha commentaries during leining?
May one violate a derabonon to preform a Bris
May one say a blessing on light bulbs for shabbat
Is there a concept of ביטול by chametz
Tying teffilin knot everyday
Noachide Dietary Restrictions
Secular sources with Torah wisdom
Torah among the nations
The stoning of Achan's family
Omitting the second half of bentching
Holiness in Intimacy
Can non-kosher meat be eaten with fish?
Bride and Groom: King and Queen?
Giving Blessings at a Wedding
Is Cain a prophet?
Igrot Kodesh of the Lubavitcher Rebbe zt'l
Is there such a thing as "Veset Halom"
Why do we make blessings on mitzvot d'rabbanan at the second seder?
How to teach tefilla to small children in a way that makes it meaningful?
Where does 5774 fall in the 19-year cycle?
Were Amalek offered a peaceful exit?
Shaar Yichud - Unity of God
Signs from Hashem
Is whisky matured in a sherry cask Kosher?
Why were Yisrael allowed to mourn for the death of the two sons of Aharon, but not Aharon and his two remaining sons?
If there are not the required ten in a minyan?
Ex post facto realization of having seen a living member of a royal family
Noachide Kippot
Treating with Amalek
Eating after shkiah before Maariv
Is there a prohibition of paying interest misafek (doubt)?
May one eat eggs purchased on Passover?
Can one allow lashon hara to be said about oneself?
How did Moshe know that Nadav and Avihu were greater than either himself or Aharon?
Haman servant of Mordechai: text of document
Tsnius for Women : Talmud Torah for Men
Sacrificial Calves; Aaron vs. Israel
The meaning of the word חטא
How long did the showdown with Paro last?
Why is the torah reading for minor fast days different by just one verse from when that reading occurs in the regular cycle?
Ruining the celebration of the Mishkan but not Har Sinai
How much of benching should be said aloud in a zimmun?
Toiveling of Industrial Equipment
Adding cold water to an electric urn on Yom Tov causes the main heating element to come on after a delay. Is it allowed?
At what temperature is a food Boleya in the utensil
What are the relevance of the first three posukim of the Haftorah for parshas Tazria to the Torah reading?
Was Paltiel living with Michal sanctioned?
The single male and shabbat
Missing words in parshas zachor or parshas parah
Why does the Haggadah interpret ביד חזקה as referring to דבר?
When do Yekkes first don a kittel?
Soft Matzah for Ashkenazim
Is it kosher to eat live fish
What conditions would render plants non-kosher?
What is the difference between sephardi and ashkenazi rituals?
Washing Pesach: kohanim
Urchatz Pesach Meal
Why does Rav Saadia Gaon say to make a bracha by Orchatz and Borei Nephashot after Karpas?
Should the Chazan bow when reciting Kaddish (even before "Oseh Shalom...")? If so, when?
Why are karbanos brought on Shabbos?
Songs Under the Chuppah
Ashkenazic Rabbanim who hold Kitniyot are batel berov lechatchilah before pesach
Who were members of Beth Shammai?
Is the Story About Members of Beis Shammai Killing Members of Beis Hillel True?
Did Rashi wear a yarmulke?
Shulchan Aruch HaRav Signs Omens Location?
Double-black Retzuot
high calorie Pesach food
If Yom Kippur hypothetically fell on Sunday, would you make havdalah?
Is there a Jewish tradition of commentary on Genesis prior to Philo?
Selling Hametz on Amazon FBA during Passover
Can you use an LED light array for searching for chametz?
What is the halachic definition of a blind person?
Hefsek during kaddish and shemonah Esrei
Building on top of an aron kodesh
Can you redeem ma'aser sheni using a $5 bill — even though burning it will enrich your countrymen?
Where can I find Masechet Sofrim online?
Who was ר"מ in Sefer Kol Bo?
Why are Jews so meticulous about not saying/writing "god"?
Where was Adam created?
Has the Torah been changed over the ages?
What is the source for the idea that a woman can marry any man?
Is a wife allowed to stop going to the mikva?
Why do we abbreviate the Jewish year to the hundreds column?
Is an ancient prutah muksah?
Why does a siyum exempt one from taanit bechorot?
Commentaries concerning the meaning of Breishit 1:1
What is the difference between a kofer and apicorsis
How long can יוצא ונכנס be?
Where to buy tefillin parts
Can a patrilineal jew make aliyah?
Grammatical origins of names in Tanach
Who are the Kutim, and what happened to them?
List of Halachot LiMosheh MiSinai
Do the sages ever use the word "Jews" to describe the B'nai Israel before the Assyrian captivity?
Earliest use of the word "gematria" to mean the value of words
Does God's providence extend to all people or only righteous people?
Law before a drashah was made
Why do we wrap tefillin around the forearm and hand?
is one obligated to employ conventional healing methods
What if the non-Jew to whom I have sold my chometz converts?
Moshe Rabainu burning his mouth with the coals
Is ben Sira a good book?
Do restaurants need a kosher certificate?
Is gezel shainah a real thing?
Source for Raincoat under Chuppah
Should an adoptee mourn his Jewish biological parents?
Sheva Brachos for zivug sheini
Kashering a Hard to Clean Pot
Self-Cleaning an Oven to Kasher If Food Residue Remains
Kashering by Placing in a Self-Cleaning Oven
King Solomon's offering location
Baal Teshuva or Convert?
Batel b'shisim on a large scale
Do guests need to be made to make an afterblessing?
Ehad Mi Yodea on the mishnayos
Connection between purity and bris?
What does the munach say?
Why in the Temple were the meal offerings that were unleavened, kneaded with warm water?
Which version of Rashi is learned on M'nachos chapters 7–10?
Minhag and Kulot
Chapter Endings while Leining Megillot
Laining Tehillim
Does nullification mean something no longer exists, or just that it has no Halachic significance?
When have I started Shemoneh Esrei?
Two types of forgetting?
Do sefardim have to check rice for Hametz nowadays?
When do you take off a Tallis which was put on for the Torah reading?
Answering amen to netilat yadayim after your own brocha
Source of the "remove his teeth" gematria
Alternative (non-gematria) explanations of the "remove his teeth" line
Healing on Shabbos Nowadays
Contradictory Hechsherim
(How) can a minor sell his chametz?
Mnemonic of Rebbi Yehuda
What is the origin of the song Echad Mi Yodeya?
May one be mafsik during hallel at the seder?
Do any poskim recommend giving a conditional divorce?
Zohar's knowledge about Earth's shape
Etymology of מחילה
After the Seder, can you give the shank bone to the dog?
What does והבוכ"ע mean?
Does being married by an Orthodox rabbi afford certain privileges in today's world?
Why Hashem didn't win Randi's $1 million dollar challenge?
Washing station where one eats
Recompense for taanis chalom on day with double keduasha
Taanis Chalom on shabbos when a fast day is pushed off
Why do people say a half-verse as part of shabbos morning kiddush?
eBay Judaica auctions
When an adopted child is called to the torah, how are they named?
Chronological order of parshiyot in Sefer Vayikra
Can a digital signature be used to finalize a kinyan?
Does a thin layer of glue on a food vessel disqualify it's emersion in a kaylim mikveh?
Potential issue with Theory on Divine Origins of Judaism?
Why isn't chocolate considered to be kitniyos?
What עִיקָר is the wicked son denying?
How do we know that the God we encountered at Sinai is the single, infinite God?
First Use of the Phrase "Cheit HaMeraglim"
Why don't we thank God for making us men/women?
Should one lain the trop while reciting Shiras Hayam during Pesukei D'zimra?
Using a child's name before the Brit Milah
Male equivalent to yoatzot.org
Where have the old Hashkafah.com forum regulars moved to?
The difference between Chazal and Razal
Checking the "I have read..." box
Eved Knani versus a Woman
Checking house for chometz then deciding to not leave
amount of wood needed for the mizbeach (altar)
Why do you have to kasher kitchen counters for Pesach?
By what time should I be completely finished cleaning my home and searching for chametz?
Is there a general name for the types of books which are to be treated with respect?
Women had to sacrifice for purification each month?
Why do we say hamotzi lechem min haaretz instead of min haadama?
Story of Rabbi Who Burned Out His Eyes
אמר Divine Speech?
What's the significance of בי״ה שמ״ו סימן, espcially on Dt. 31:28?
Bedikat chametz when changing locations on Erev Pesach
Canola Oil - Kitnyos?
Why does "aseh doche lo saaseh"?
How to recite hallel with fewer than 3 men at seder
What is it about egg matzos that makes them forbidden to Ashkenazim?
Who uses/used the Rambams hagadah for the Seder?
Is it a problem of al titosh Torah imecha if you use a different nusach hagadah than your family's minhag?
Why does the authorship of the Zohar matter?
Will the mesiah build the 3rd temple?
The text of the fourth question at the seder
Hechserim on Matzos
Nazir: shaving on the start of the vow
Who gets shelishi if there are no Israelim?
Can you take and post pictures of people online without their permission?
Selling Hametz on Ebay
Paying tax on chametz sale
Why does God command Shmuel to be deceptive?
Standing for Kaddish at a shul with a different nusach
Sefardi rishonim who differentiate between Patach and Kamatz
Dish on a radiator
Where exactly should the amud be placed?
Hidden treasure for speaking lashon Harah?
Seeds and kitniyot derivatives on Pesach
Non-Jewish maid at Seder table
Israeli making pizza on last day of Pesach in the Diaspora
What's the order of importance of Honorees under a Chuppa?
Borrowing money without clear plan of how to pay it back
Answers to the Mah Nishtanah
Red and white wine Mixed
Davening a long shemoneh esrei and missing ameins
Rashi on Righteous Kings: Omissions
Rashi on Righteous Kings: Order
Is someone Jewish if descended from a long period of non-observant Jewish ancestry?
Poskim who hold chalita is necessary?
Did Nehemia know the second temple wouldn't last?
Borrowing vs renting money
Chometz less than the size of a Kezayis
Why there is no prophet among anyone now even though humans nowadays are hollier than ancient humans?
What book would be a good reference for prayer melodies?
What does it mean that God hardened Pharaoh’s heart?
How can two contradictory ideas exist in Matzah?
Restrictions of sefirah during Nisan?
Does halakhah forbid Jews from eating pets that die naturally?
Any restrictions for the Orthodox sister of a woman who has married a non-Jew?
Which tribes made up Judah and Israel?
Does the Messiah have to come from Solomon or his successor?
Can a hot water urn that is used throughout the year be used for Passover?
What are the differences between Teimani and Ashkenazi/Sefardi sifrei torah?
What is the source of the song Od Yishama?
Chazals intention behind bedikat hametz
Reusing the shank bone, second night
How did the custom to recite Shir Hashirim after the Seder arise?
Badikas Chamatz in courtyards of cities today
Why are women obligated in maggid?
training gabbaim for Kri'at Hatorah
Choir practice for Birkat Kohanim
In Chabad- Final Halachic Decidor
Keeping Kosher and Leather
Shalom Bayit and Chametz
What is the procedure for generating a chiddush?
Who is the author of הא לחמא עניא
Vinegar on Pesach
Could the Jews in Leviticus eat non-sacrifical meat? Is that manna-related? Will we get manna again?
Only my grandfather was Jewish. Can I pray at home in my grandfather's tallit?
What is the source that you can not have benefit from miracles?
Why do we say ha-motzi before al achilat matzah instead of after?
when do you stop eating bread and etc.. for passover?
According to Conservative Judaism, is one permitted to use an umbrella on Shabbat?
Pasta-decorated items in Pesaj
Why do I care what time Bnei Melachim (sons of kings) rise in the morning?
Is Some One With Alzheimer's Obligated in Mitzvoth?
How did the plagues symbolize God's rule?
Saying l'shem mitzvas tzitzis in bathroom
Ishmael & Great Nation Status
Machsor Tom. I - Prayer book?
Are the works of Maimonides treated as divinely inspired?
chol hamoed outings
How do books which have obviously been compiled become part of Tanach?
In what relative positions are multiple Sifrei Torah placed on the bimah?
How would you describe the literary style of Torah?
Why is the positive mitzvah to eat matza only for the first day of Peach?
Can you plunge a toilet in your parents' home during Chol Ha'moed?
Why tell the wise son "like the Pesach rules"?
Selling chametz, and rotze b'kiyumo
Which version of "Barech alenu" to say on Shabas or yom tov?
Using same dish washer for meat and dairy?
Shmos 2:15 – Moshe fled from Paroh and dwelt in Midian. Why Midian?
What is the first use of the word "Seder" (סדר) for the Pesach night proceedings?
why don't we say "kol dichfin" before kidush
Buying kitniyot during Pesach
Creation of State of Israel and birth of Abraham - 1948
Two seforim being taken out
embarassing an anonymous person online
Per Sepharadim, is Almond Breeze permissible immediately after meat?
The Book of Numbers and Passover
Hating a Spaniard
Amirat goy on Shabbat in regards to electricity
On this night We ALL must lean not exactly?
Kol Hamarbeh Haray Zeh Mishoebach
What is Kabbalos Pnei Rabo?
What is the Anshei Knesset HaGedolah?
“Terach, father of Avraham and of Nachor”—what about Haran?
Tearing paper towels on Shabbat
Were Esav, Yishmael, and Nimrod Evildoers?
Source for medrash that Klal Yisroel counted the omer when they came out of Mitzraim
Leaving the room during a kabbalistic dvar Torah
Music during Sefiras HaOmer
Why is rice banned on Pesach by those who don't eat kitniyot?
How do you know what God wants without prophets now to tell you?
Trimming hair during the Omer
the measurements of Noah's arc and the arc of the covenent
If you have trouble fulfilling a promise
What is the Source for Peyos?
What are the ancestors of Israelites?
In a leap year, is the extra month Adar I or Adar II?
A word seems to be written in an unusual way in Psalm 60,2
Baby born while converting
Wealth-based sacrifices: how to determine wealth
Today is the square-root of 25th day of the omer
What is Tikkun Leil Shevii?
dead bodies in the house of God
Chalking pool cues on shabbat/yom-tov
Is "Nishmat" included in most copies of the haggadah?
Counting Omer - yesterday was the day before today
Returning a Library Book on Shabbat
Seeking conversion programmes in Israel for women
Discussing the Exodus in the Messianic Age
Where is the first time that the splitting of the Red Sea is referred to as קריעת ים סוף?
Jewish alternative to a Christian self-help book
Was Kriyas Yam Suf difficult?
Are women obligated to say the morning blessings?
Looking for Source for explanation in Chafetz Chaim
The "New Covenant" in Jeremiah's Prophesy
Laws pertaining to dress for men during fitness activities
Neviyim and Kesuvim are Torah Shebiksav?
Laws of Abrogation
Mystical Practices within Kabbalah: Is There a "Ceremony of Remembrance"?
Seligman Baer tikkun
Hammurabi in Jewish sources
rav wosner and the kind kallah who got a brocho
Is eating veal permissible?
Drinking until you are ill on seder night
Praying in front of the Aron HaKodesh
Why shouldn't we pray outdoors?
Did Yehoshua Give Achan the Wrong Punishment?
replacing a used borrowed item which broke with a new item which is more valuable
Avraham, Av Hamon, Av ha'am
Where else in the Talmud can we find a discussion of natural disasters?
Pirkei Avot cycle in Israel when Pesach starts on Shabbat
Refund on spoiled food
what bracha do you make on seaweed and algae?
What is Ya'aleh Veyavo about?
How many Blatt in each perek of Shas?
Sefer Tefillah L'Moshe online
How can private letters be published?
What's considered shaving?
Bringing in Yom Tov Sheni early
Can a Woman be a Shul President? How about a member of Knesset?
If we lost smicha, isn't our mesora broken?
What's the difference between אֱדַיִן and בֵּאדַיִן?
Messianic Jew and Wine
Must Mashiach have Jewish ancestry, or just Davidic?
Rabbinical suppport for reducing noise at weddings
Can you steal someone's aveirah item?
Crossing at a sensor-controlled traffic light on Shabbat
Using a flag as a tallit
How did Talmudic rabbis know about others' personal matters
Can I eat the fruits overhanging from my neighbor's tree?
How could we learn behavior from animals?
When Do We Finish Bowing in the Aleinu?
What is the religious significance of the existence of many denominations and sects?
Why is Adar 1 30 days long?
What is the halachic status of a Corporation?
What is the Difference Between Prophets and Writings?
Why aren't Job or Psalms 90 in the Pentateuch?
Can vegetables/fruit be uncheckable?
Why is Vayikra 20:27 at the end of the chapter?
Shaving in Honor of Shabbos During Sefirah
Why is so much importance attached to Mevarchim haChodesh (the blessing of the coming month)?
Why is "Av haRachamim" said every Shabbat?
Tosafoth's unique opinion that Building is biblically allowed on Yom Tov, contradicted by a simple Gemara in Beitzah?
RaMBa"M's "Wondrous Point" about cooking "treif" meat from a Kosher animal with milk undermined by a simple Gemara?
Onkelos, Anthropomorphism, and The Exodus
Redeeming maaser sheini on paper money
אמת at the end of קריאת שמע when not saying the brachot
Did the Men of the Great Assembly Canonize Tanach?
Do We Repeat the Prayers for Using the Restroom and Washing the Hands After Each Time?
Nissan-appropriate jahrzeit observances
Is getting angry a biblical prohibition
Removing haskamot when reprinting a sefer
How is a "Gadol" recognized as such?
What is an "Askan?"
Jacob and the first born of the hated wife
Halacha of Shechita
Why does the Chazzan bow when saying "Gadlu" holding the Torah?
Pronunciation of Yerushalayim
Interrupting Amida for a Mitzvah
will the Messiah be the greatest torah scholar of the generation?
Mind/soul/spirit/body "partites"
What do we know about Bar Kochba?
will the average person make it into Olam Haba
Will Moshiach know that he is Moshiach?
Why do we say only "Morid Hatal" without words "Mashiv haru'ach" before it?
Can a deaf person be a shaliach tzibbur?
Can sign language be used for public Torah reading?
ORDER OF krias shma, benshing and the omer
Should the shaliah tzibur and congregation face the direction the Aron points if it isn't pointing toward Jerusalem?
Why are there 40 commandments in 10 commandments?
what is the source for the artscroll sidur?
is there a hint in scripture or midrash for a future nuclear war?
Halibut scales - how to identify them?
Blessing on tree with inedible fruit
Difference Ga'al and Natzal
Aveilus and Davening from the Omud on Rosh Hashana / Yom Kippur?
Any Rules for Qamets Chatuph When Khaf Follows Chet?
Patach with chet
Tune for Aishes Chayil
Where does the contemporary measurement of a Kezayit come from?
How much Matzo must one eat on Pesach?
Why is Chad Gadya a mix of Hebrew and Aramaic?
Lending Money and Inflation
What does the shaliach tzibbur do if he is stuck by someone behind him still davening?
Do all poskim hold libun can not be done to a bbq?
How do different scholars define "aggadah"?
Litvaks/Yeshivish and Shulchan Aruch
Rav Hirsch and Black Slavery
When should ashrai-uvo lzion be said
Do any halachic sources address the question of making a siyum masechet on a tractate of Yerushalmi?
Finished Kriat Shema after the deadline
Was Baal worshiped via child sacrifice?
Is failure to observe an impossible law absolved implicitly?
May one talk between kaddish and mussaf
Does the word בָּר mean corn?
Why is mevushal wine good enough for kiddush, but not good enough for avoda zara?
Stam wine bitul in 1/6?
Is There a Jewish "Confirmation"?
In the Forgiveness Petition of the Amidah, How Should One Strike the Chest?
Kohanim Dating Ba'alot Teshuva
Why is the order of returning the sefer-torah different on shabbos than on weekday?
Is kopi luwac (civet excreted coffee beans) kosher?
May a couple forgo relations out of convenience?
Organizing photos on Shabbat?
How should a person wearing t'fillin on his right hand strike his left chest at 'oshamnu'
Online Yemenite Siddur
Is a convert allowed to say Yizkor for their non-Jewish parents?
Certification of Shochtim
Why does a convert own his property?
Which prophecies did Jesus fulfill and not fulfill?
Using a neighbor's encrypted Wi-Fi connection
Thanking God for things
Is Earth a gift from Hakadosh Baruch Hu?
Why can the 1st day of Pesach never occur on Sunday in 2 consecutive years?
Can you make an Upsherin during Sefira?
Can a father dissown his oldest son and make his younger son the bachor?
How is one allowed to listen to live music on Yom Ha'atzma'ut when it's during sefirah?
Can one bow before a king? Can one bow to a statue of a king?
Answering amen to Hallel on Yom Haatzma'ut
Who are the idolaters?
Adopting minhagim not from your mesorah
Non-Mevushal wine was poured by someone who shouldn't have poured it. Now what?
Tune for Avinu Malkeinu has non-Jewish source?
which animals have tuma neveila
Opinions on Bittul Torah
Reading books about Avodah Zarah
Sephardim naming after living grandparents
Fitness Tracker On Shabbat
Is there a prohibition against being a hypocrite?
How did the different groups within Judaism develop?
Does a man with long-hair need to become a nazir
Where did the converts camp in the desert?
Sanhedrin 99a: אין להם משיח לישראל שכבר אכלוהו בימי חזקיה
What is the earliest source of rhymes in Jewish texts?
Where do the names of the sedras come from and do they have meaning?
Can one read Tehillim or Tanach at night?
Where is הגר? The country, not the person
Adding Piyutim to between Shma and Shmoneh Esreh
Is there a "peshat"-style commentary on Chaim Vital's Etz Chayim?
Why is there such fervor to say the blessing on blossoming fruit trees?
What's the Closest Thing to a Systematic Theology in Judaism?
Are There Any Good Sources for How "Ancient" (Pre-Talmudic) Prayer Was Done?
Question on the Chovos Halevavos
How Should I Pray When Alone?
Names of Tanaim and Amoraim
Acharei, or Acharei Mos?
How Can One Know If A Synagogue is Orthodox or Modern Orthodox?
Who was Naomi's mother?
Are there communities that follow the Rambam?
When did the "Israeli accent" come into existence?
Is a child obligated to honor his foster parents?
What is the source that an accused criminal must have been warned?
Who (if anybody) requires a minyan for Hallel?
Hebrew Text of Petition for Peace
What is the Hebrew for "Codes"?
Did Adam and Eve have bellybuttons, fingerprints or ridge over lip?
What is the rule for a girl under Bat Mitzva to sing Shir Hakavod (a.k.a. Anym Zemirot)?
Does Jewish tradition indicate that Jewish people tend to be rude?
Praying for Multiple Sick People in Amidah
What Atones for Which Sins?
Cologne for men?
How can elderly avoid the problem of bishul yisra'el when they live with a non-Jewish aid
Does a mashgi'ach revoke a store's hashgacha when health department finds insects?
Why are we allowed to refer to "Yisra'el" as "Ya'akov"?
Let's play Name that Gadol - women wearing Tallis story
Where and when did the numerical time units (hours) originate?
If I sign a contract without reading it (such as a website's Terms and Conditions), is it halachically binding?
Are seemingly hashkafik texts like Pirkei Avot and Rambam Hilchot Deot halachikly binding?
What criteria decide what is "customary" to eat a vegetable raw with regard to its bracha?
Are spices or produce required to be "glatt kosher"?
Learning before Davvening
Bracha on Natural Wonders
Should a Christian church as a whole be seen as an Idol Halachically
קִדְשָנוּ versus קְדִשָנוּ
If a vegetable is eaten raw only if it is in a salad, what bracha should I make on it if eating it plain?
Can the Torah be read in shul if a minyan is present after the point in the service designated for Torah reading?
Invited to Engagement of Girl intending to marry out: Attend/Not-attend?
What blessing is recited on grape juice from concentrate?
Are both witnesses and the verbal "Harei At" declaration required elements of the Chuppa ceremony?
Speaking to a Rabbi in the Third Person
Does God continually (re)create the physical world?
A Jew carrying out a death sentence
Why wasn't Boaz nicer to Naomi and Rus?
When, and why did the term "am ha'aretz" come to mean "ignoramus"?
Shaving pubic hair during sefira
Were Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego told that there would be no miracle?
What is a Literal Translation of Asher Yatzar?
How was Dovid a descendant of Miriam?
Why is the sun "Shemesh" in hebrew
Does anyone hold that בֵּית לָחֶם is also a person's name?
Is there any current rav or authority that issues conditional gittin?
Is there a reason for the change in word order in Vayikra 25:10?
What to do when a Mezuza scroll fell on the floor
Why is the mitzvah to love the convert the one that is most often repeated in the Torah?
Slaughtering with a machine
Is the metamorphosis of a caterpillar into a butterfly mentioned anywhere in Rabbinic literature?
Are you allowed to give a Jewish driver directions to your shul on Shabbat?
1st century Hellenistic Jewish interpretation of Proverbs 8:22( LXX)?
What tree represents Jotham and/or Abimelek?
Tattoos incured prior to accepting the yoke of the mitzvot
what does the hebrew word chavivus - חביבות - mean
Why didn't God kill Adam and Eve?
Colourful Tallitot
What are the rules for when parshiyos are combined?
Explanations from חז״ל for Noah's ark?
How common was polygamy in Biblical times?
In the Rosh Chodesh leining, why is "Shabbas b'Shabato" pronounced with a pasach?
Earliest time for dawn: a question on Kehati
Is it halachically acceptable to discuss Torah concerning sexual conduct in a forum like Mi Yodeya?
Halachic Status Concerning Tinok Shenishba
Wearing tefillin on yom tov
What is my Hebrew name verse?
Can a כהן marry a גרושה בתולה
Why is Idolatry a sin
Author of the song Yom Simcha L'Yisrael
Can a כהן marry a גרושה בתולה under 3
Reform Conversion
Who wrote Chaar Hatsioun?
Why do we refer to it as the Well of Miriam?
what does baruch atah Hashem mean?
Shabbos in Tahiti
Is there a commentary on tehillim that maps perakim to episodes in David's life?
The Effect of an 18- or 6-Hour Day
Why say oils unfit for Shabas are unfit in the Temple?
Should a chazan who missed a day count the omer with a b'racha?
"Masekhtot Banayikh": The Origins of an Expression
Can someone who possibly already did a mitzva cover another such person with the b'racha?
Do Amalekites not have souls?
Rabbis who don't wear neck ties?
Would whole brain emulation be compatible with Judaism?
Jekkisch Käppchen (kaepchen)
Are there any types of questions that Eliyahu (Elijah) cannot answer?
Can two shivas "overlap"?
Is a Torah that does NOT have the (rabbati) large and small letters (keti'ah) still kosher?
Angel in the womb for women?
History of the two versions of the Ritva
Calling female baby by name before official naming
Why not count 50 days of the omer instead of 49?
Why are we allowed to light candles for second day yom tov if it is not ochel nefesh?
Why use the language of לֹא-תְבַשֵּׁל גְּדִי, בַּחֲלֵב אִמּוֹ
What is the point of a hechsher on Cholov Stam?
The 1080 amalgamations of the tetragrammaton
What was the curse of Jotham the son of Jerubbaal?
Can I use a Keurig coffee machine if someone else has used a non-kosher "pod"?
Is the Torah against good posture?
How can someone on a gluten free diet fulfill the mitzvah of eating challah on Shabbat?
Why did God say יִקָּווּ הַמַּיִם, it should happen by itself naturally
What's wrong with making coffee on Shabbat?
What is the meaning of "Shulamit"?
What types of hair - and whose hair - are included in mourning-related hair-cutting prohibitions?
Issues with opening a tea bag on Shabbos
Why not dump the ashes of the para aduma into a huge body of water?
How is the land appeased regarding Shemittah?
Issurei arayos worse than rape
שאול - Sha-ul vs She-ol
Source of the name Achira - What did עינן have against his brother?
Why Was the Idol of Micha Tolerated?
Difference between eiver min hachai for Jews and Noahides
Can you eat roasted meat on Pesach Sheni?
What are the rules regarding which verses in the Tocacha (Vayikra 26:14-46) should be read in a loud voice?
Halachic implications of moving Lag Ba'Omer
Does anyone allow one to get married the night after Pesach Sheni?
Pirates and Torah
Yabia Omer Online?
Can a sefaradi eat fish with butter?
praying while kaddish is being recited
laws of saying shema and aleynu with the tzibbur
which activities require the use of a cup and which require plain washing?
Why is resurection of the dead a fundamental of faith according to the Rambam?
In a non-life-threatening emergency, can a female doctor do a hospital procedure on a male or vice versa?
Who wrote the verse near the end of the story about Mahn in Shmot 16:35?
Did the late Lubavicher Rebbe consider himself a to be a prophet and/or the mashiach?
Is it permitted and possible to convert a Christian to Judaism without approaching rabbinical authorities?
Where does the proverb "as you teach you learn" come from?
Marooned Jew and island girls
Path of the Just - what does שיתברר ויתאמת mean?
Mezuzah on deck door
Procedure for Brachos Achronos
Why don't most American orthodox Jews send their kids to public school?
May one publish or read the private diary of a deceased person?
What bracha do you make when smelling non-edible flowers?
The brocha of Al haTzadikim
Does the verse in Tehillim 147:4 imply that one cannot name a star after a person?
Can someone say Bircat Hagomel after an outpatient procedure?
Is there a U.S. or Canadian yeshiva that offers a Smicha program where the Rosh Kollel can accommodate the deaf?
Opinions concerning using other beverages for kiddush and "cups of blessing"
Source for dying upon reaching a set number of words spoken
How Did David Slay His Evil Inclination?
Pairs in Balaam's blessings
Which benchers have the harachaman for the state of Israel?
How did the triennial torah reading fulfill the takanas Ezra?
What is "Shabbes meat"?
A computer file that I emailed you has a virus. Am I responsible?
What type of name should an androgynous be given?
Are the words of the prophets such as Yeshayahu the literal words of God?
where to find an undershirt gartel?
Why did they stop packing the gizard, neck and liver inside the chicken cavity?
What's the exact procedure for using a key belt?
How do I wear tzitzit out with a tucked-in shirt?
Does use of bi-lateral cochlear implants eliminate the definition of a "cheresh"?
May a pupil request that a different teaching method be used and/or the content rearranged for his comprehension?
How can we say everything is good?
Belief that a dead man will be the Messiah - Kfira?
Sabbateanism and Rav Yonasan Eibshitz
Muktzeh as a means to encourage cessation of labor
Is the Nefesh HaChaim truly representitive of the Gra's position?
sifrai halacha on gittin
May one buy wine from a Muslim
After the first plague, where did Paro's magicians get water to turn to blood?
What is the Pilpul method of learning?
Can a Sheitel be made out of one's own hair?
Maybe God lied?
Lighting on Chanuka for advertising the mitzva?
Segulah of saying 13 times perek 13 of tehillim
Does "dina demalchusa dina" apply to laws no one keeps?
At what point can you assume senility?
(Ki) Ani Hashem Elokeihem
Page numbers in sefarim
Is there a resource that shows all uses of a Tanach verse in the Talmud?
Are Segulot a Prohibition of Nichush?
Tanach with grammatical text analysis
No longer prostrating after tefillah - sources?
Hair in Aggadah
looking for recording of shacharit prayer - nusach chabad
Putting the head down in Tachanun without tefillin
Why can't we use products in food that are a דבר מעמיד
Is a triple shvus allowed?
Are there prohibitions of work on chol hamoed at the biblical level?
Do primary sources unequivocally record coming of the Moshiach and establishing world order
What does it mean to take God's name in vain?
What beracha acharona when ikar less than kezayit?
Can you say shechechiyanu on something you might return?
Can a surgeon operate on his father
What happens to the obligation of rivai when a new fruit tree reaches its third or fourth year during Shmitah?
Why are tractates arranged in descending order of size?
Are there any historical Bibles entirely written on parchment?
Has the minhag regarding weddings during the Omer changed recently?
Is there any halahic problem davening in the presence of a dog that assists a blind person?
If someone empties / changes his/her colonostomy bag, should s/he say "Asher Yatzar"?
Are there any extant scrolls containing multiple books of Nach?
A practical joke that leads to a mitzvah
Why are challenges to respected rabbis not treated seriously?
Responding to an army draft before 20
Names in kesuba and gittin
What are R' Yaakov miLissa's commentaries on the m'gilos called?
If a flame can be held in the hand to relight the m'nora, who needs a spill?
What is the timeline of the connection of the soul to the body after death?
How to understand the use of גֹאֵל in Rus
Understanding Naomi selling a field
No mention of Korban Tamid in Amida
Source for Rabbi Jonathan Eybeschutz's explanation of Ta'anis Esther
What is Ezra's Immersion / טבילת עזרא
Can one declare an area to be "not a shul" if it is in the same room as a shul?
how does one not get lost in the details?
Why is the name of the first Hebrew letter also the word for 1000?
What bracha do you make on zucchini flowers or the curly "lettuce" used for garnish?
Can someone make one se'udah for both a bris and a wedding on the same day?
Historical evidence that blue snail dye was produced in ancient times
Is Chabad halachically monolithic?
Why does the tribe of Gad have an unusual population count in Bamidbar 1?
Cutting down fruit tree not worth its upkeep
The Chozeh Mi'Lublin prioritizing dveikus over kriyas shema
Thin or Thick Strings for tzitzit?
What is a Get Zikui and in what cases has it been used?
Peah on a circular field
Should one say "Asher Yatzar" when giving a urine sample?
Source for praying and repentance on Fast days?
About what was Beit Shammai more lenient than Beit Hillel?
What is judaism's view on the purpose of illness?
Correct procedure for davening in Synagogue after sof zman tefila
Soul for a Soul?
Is there someone who can explain a rare ketubah written for the deaf?
Is there a book / document that explains the proper use of kamatz katan in the Torah?
Psalm of retaliation
I thought Gezeirah Shavah requires Mesorah
Is “al tikri” ever used for a midrash halacha?
Do Jews believe that God's name is "God"?
In a cemetery, when there is a headstone, what is the law or custom of walking OVER the "body" of someone buried there?
Non-born-Jew Atheists without any Jewish belief or custom, while having Jewish self-identity for any reason. Is this accepted as Jew?
Who suggests that Creation Ex nihilo was only a small point and light?
To what extent would a 17th-century observant Jew purposefully violate Halacha to save lives?
In Judaism do they believe that writting God's name is swearing an oath?
Source for Immersion after Biblical Niddah
Bamidbar: What makes Shimon different?
Two simultaneous shoftim
Sending a Torah to the Moon
What was the name of Sarah's mother?
What were fig cakes / raisin cakes?
How does a Yoledet remove her impurity for korbanot?
Numbers in Numbers - always round
Kissing Tefillin during Davening
May one propose with an engagement ring?
Source for Arizal sweating while learning nigleh?
How are there arguments over how God works?
Is the Maharshal's list of differences between Talmud Bavli and Talmud Yerushalmi complete?
Kadish at the end of Davening
Cairo Geniza Controversy
Timing of the Princes' Appointment
To know in advance when one is a niddah
Why are people called up to the torah also by their nickname
Encouraging a young boy to wear his yarmulke
Song from Rebbi Meir Shapira
The definite article (ה) with the evil and good inclinations
Did women and Levites survive the 40 years in the wilderness?
The meaning of Trees
Seeking info on a Simchas Tora song
Recommend Book on Jewish Philosophy contrasting Secular philosophies
What are some general halachot about treif culinary schools?
Is there a limit to the number of names you can give someone?
Rabbi Shimon without any other qualifiers
Wearing a gartel and a belt?
Is there any reason why some people's names in Tana"ch include their grandfather (or beyond)?
Why was the term "Ben Amram" considered derogatory?
Non-Jew who takes a Jewish name
What is the difference between the following words referring to commandments?
Why don't kashrut agencies mark on certain cheeses that one must wait 6 hours?
Does anyone know any seforim about tefillin?
Are there any name combinations that may not be used?
Different aspects of married relationship described in the last of the Sheva Brachos?
Differences in Sepharadi Hilkhot Taharat HaMishpahhah
Yoreh Yoreh vs. Yadin Yadin
Is there a requirement to join a Minyan?
Where can I find a consolidated list of converts who are mentioned in the Bible, Mishnah and Talmud?
Must a woman not dressed for outside draw the blinds when standing next to a home window?
How was Moses able to speak to at least 600,000 people?
What was the language used in Torah study by Jews in Israel in 16th century
Greek Ruins -- Previous Sites for Pagan Worship
How does the midrash know that the Jews had to be awakened for the giving of the Torah?
If there are ants in the sink on Shabbat, can I use the sink even though they'll drown?
What is a megillah?
Why is there so much focus on Women's Modesty among Orthodox Jews?
What are the Halachot of Tznius as they relate to men?
Picking fruit vs slaughtering on yom tov
Being meticulous regarding the laws pesach vs eating cheilev
Laws regarding putting someone to death for violating the sabbath
The levels in kashrut
Why does Halacha not follow the simple reading of the Biblical text?
Why are women invalid as Halachic witnesses?
Authenticity of Halacha l'Moshe MiSinai
How does Tum'ah ("Ritual Impurity") work?
Looking for a good online book for shemira einayim
How is the story of the Torah being given told in the Torah itself?
Refuting claims that everything before Shmuel was made up?
How do you violate the intermediate days of the festivals?
How did chaza"l derive the first two commandments if they are both combined in a single parsha (paragraph)?
Is honey extracted from a dead bee kosher?
Was the honey that Samson ate from the lion kosher?
Travel and Shacharit
What's up with those "drushy" Rashis in Nasso
Resources to understand commentary in my tikkun korim
Medicines v. Spices on Shabbos
What is the recommended minimum number of Sifrei Torah that a shul should have?
Why isn't Hallel recited on VE Day?
Lubavitcher Rebbe on the Shoah
If a person commits suicide as a result of another person trying to protect other from him, who is chayav?
Melacha vs breaking a fast on Yom Kippur
Are adjacent fields in techum shabbat or not?
Doros Rishonim on Shmuel writing tanach
What are your suggestions for learning Yiddish?
How long did Chava (Eve) live?
Which way to face when davening at the Kotel
Is there a reference that explains the literal meaning and etymology of the names of the Hebrew months?
How do you bench on a Friday rosh chodesh if you eat after kabbolas shabbos before nightfall
When the Gemarrah quotes midrashim mentioned in Avot D'Rav Nattan, why does it not attribute its source?
When a Bar Mitzvah boy says "Y'chalelu et Shem Hashem" instead of "Y'Halelu", should someone correct him?
Is having a Bat Mitzvah girl recite a section from Ketuvim in a shul a problem of Kol Isha?
Does the greeting "Good Yom Tov" contain a redundancy?
Sources for Mashiach's Name
What counts as boiling on Shabbat?
Making early shabbos and tefillin
Why does Koheleth 12:1 use בוראיך instead of בוראך?
Why does almost every pasuk in Megillat Ruth start with a vav?
Can you remove a tick on Shabbos?
How did Paro know that "...that they may serve Me" meant sacrifices and not some other form of service?
Where does Rashi say that Jews will be revered for knowledge of astronomy?
Why did Sarah banish Hagar and Yishmael - Meaning of צחק
Do you have to read the Targum of words that are repeated in the same sedrah?
Shabbat with time dilation in space
Can I stitch a label with my personal info in my shabbes clothes?
Can a person decide the Halacha (pasken) for him\herself?
Said mincha twice: now what?
Giving Tzedaka to a "faker," and the fulfillment of the commandment to give Maaser
Chosen Nation? Or Last option?
What are the prophecies about messiah?
Burial in Space
Source for enjoying God's creations
How do we evaluate a b'raisa that quotes Rebbe against an anonymous Mishna?
where there isn't a vessel available for washing with is there another option available for someone to eat bread?
May one eat outside of the sukkah during chol hamoed if there isn't a sukkah nearby where one works?
Is there a halacha for writing a biography of a gadol? If so, what is it?
Around what was the boundary set at Har Sinai?
When did Moshe warn Bnei Yisrael not to go up Har Sinai?
Coffee and the Source for Reason for Staying Up for Shavuos
Kaddish for an unborn child
Staying Up Shavuos Night and Yom Tov Halacha
How is repeating what Bnei Yisrael did somehow a "correction"?
Verses when holding the Sefer Torah
Mesorah of the Lubavitcher Rebbe
Looking for a resource that explains the musical trope "mood" used in Ashkenazic annual laining
Electronic cigarettes on Yom Tov
Why can we prepare food on Yom tov but not other melachot?
Cutting nails before Yom Tov
What are all the Mekorot for Matan Torah
Is Mi Yodeya allowed to tweet on Shabbos?
Why isn't Shavuot celebrated on a Sunday as the Torah says?
When did the type of kippah worn become 'defining'?
Mentioning the name of the sick in teffila
Why did Chizkiyahu Hide the book of Refuos
Calling Someone a Rasha
Reference to Moshiach in Proverbs Chapter 8?
What did Bnei Yisrael experience at Matan Torah?
Relations on Shabbat
Book that summarizes tanach?
Is a Jew permitted to have an abortion?
Source of Anecdote About Divorce
Teen Summer Learning Programs
Aaron Hakohen and his children
How to make Torah learning inspiring
What's the purpose of the nachman song?
What would have happened if Orpah came with?
Secret Ops, The President, and The Blessing On a King
What beracha does one recite upon meeting the US President?
Jewish headstone abbreviation
Resources for "vertical learning"
How does one "add a year" in the Hebrew calendar?
Hallel and Pseukei DZimra
Is there a halachic requirement that requires Mincha be said at the Chosson's tisch?
Why does the Torah sometimes refer to Shabbat as a masculine noun and other times as a feminine noun?
Is this aphorism about gentiles as problematic as it seems?
Why do we call people up to the Torah by name?
Refusing Reshut at Benching
LOR and sinat chinam or lashon hara
Jewish Books on Education
Titles and prefixes for calling people up to the Torah
Is pasteurization an adequate stand-in for something being mevushal?
Ancient Biblic Hebrew
Cuttting hair and nails on shabbos
Shaking hands loosely
Why did the angels object to the Torah being given to Moshe – what did the angels think?
Learning Kabbalah & Yeshiva World
Writing down the Oral Law
Why are there no fish korbanot?
Does a father's rebuke cause seven days of humiliation in his child?
Does an emergency exit require a mezuzah?
Kohanim and the Third Temple
Self Fulfilling Prophecy
Why is the author of Tehillim sometimes referred to as "The Psalmist"?
What does a porcupine have to do with a berit milah?
Herring and a Cracker
What is the meaning and origin of the term "in the parsha" with regard to someone who is looking for a shidduch?
May I allow a customs official to dismantle my tefillin for security purposes?
Do any Geonim or Rishonim adopt/incorporate teachings from Philo?
Where can I find a "guide" to shidduch resume etiquette and protocol?
If the "Nun" preceding Bamidbar (Num) 10:35 is not upside down, is the Torah still kosher?
Answering a virtual kaddish?
Keria at the Wailing Wall
Does one make bracha "borei minei besamim" on incense or spice smoke?
Can one use a laser pointer instead of a "yad" while reading the Torah in public on weekdays?
Call and response in Sephardic communal prayers
Are there any sources for parents respecting children
Blessing on Immersing Vessels to Purify Them
what are the prerequisites for getting married?
Does satan know our thoughts
Are some Apes banished Humans
Naming children after opposite gender
Sources for the world being round in the Gemara
Root of Tribe of Binyamin's Sin
Taking Three Steps Back after Amidah while somebody is still davening
Judaism and Communism
What is Nivul Peh and who decides what it is
Please explain the meaning of the word "Be'emunah" in the last paragraph of "Yekum Purkan"
Explain order of the phrase המאחרין לצאת מן השבת וממהרין לבא in the song כל מקדש שביעי from Fri. night Zemirot
A bread is made with exactly 50% whole wheat flour and 50% chickpea flour. Is the bracha hamotzi?
Should one say the blessing "borei minei besamim" on essential oils made exclusively from plant extracts?
whats worse: Apikorsus or Avoda Zara?
Does God's forgiveness in Bamidbar (Num.) 14:20 contradict the fact that punishment was meted, nonetheless?
Am I allowed to interrupt someone in the middle of Shmoneh Esreh if my question is related to davening?
Hitting your child as a disciplinary/educational measure - modern opinions
Tsohar - a window or a stone in Genesis 6:16
Mayim Achronim according to the Rama
Why are Shabbat loopholes a good thing?
Is it a Mitzva Deorayta (Biblical Commandment) to serve in the IDF?
Differences between Genesis 1 and 2
Being Matir Family Mesorah
Was there a Pesach Sheni after the very first Pesach?
Do multiple hechsherim (kosher symbols) on a product make its kashrut less reliable?
Are there groups that do not trim their beards, besides Chabad-Lubavitch?
Does someoene have to give ma'aser from scholarship grants or unemployment insurance?
Please explain the "apparent omission" of not including the women as the ones going into Cana'an after the 40-year wandering in the desert
Giving a lulav on condition to return, but in a chain where the last person keeps it
Which Ra'avad is on the Rif?
Fear of shmitta and 10 year loans
Making Shechiyanu on new Tefilin
What is the unique energy of Tishrei that corresponds to Sukkot?
Can one use ma'aser money to pay for shipping a donation to charity?
Was Intermarriage Permissible at the time of Tanakh?
Giving a child the same name as a living distant relative
Kadma and Zakef Katan on one word
Why do all Jews not look the same?
Are there any late-Achronim who wrote like a Rishon (or early-Acharon)?
Why do we have an appendix according to Torah sources?
Did what David do to Batsheba and Uriah technically legal (not sin?)
What is the parent's role in Jewish tradition on the matter of raising a child?
proper sources for a Kehilla's obligations
Raziel Hamalach Book as a Segula
Current Attitude Towards Sefer Raziel Hamalach
How did the Tammuz die?
Unintentional closing and opening of electrical circuits on shabbat
Can you embarrass someone privately if you think that the person MAY be embarrassed publicly?
Does a transparent hair-covering fulfil the halacha?
Who were the Nistarim?
Were ancient Rabbis night owls?
When Tana"ch uses the phrase "until today" what does it mean?
Source for # times chai?
How does Silence lead to wisdom
Why do we recite 'Borei Pri Ha'etz ' on grapes?
Why were the Jews punished for 40 years if the spies were the ones who were there for 40 days?
Is it better to be ugly or beautiful?
Why is the beracha on meat 'only' שהכל?
How should a modern non-Jew interpret commandments in the Torah that they perceive to command individual violence?
What are some good resources for deciphering a Tosfos comment that I can't figure out?
Could Mashiach be a Woman?
Did all the tribes listen to their leaders in the sin of the spies?
Babies born in Generation of Spies not entering the Land
The Spies Mentioning Amalek
Does a wicked king of legitimate lineage have the full status of a king?
Near Death Experience and Judaism
Can I prepare tehina (from a paste, ie, pre-ground) on Shabbat?
Am I allowed to enjoy the smell emanating from a non-kosher place that cooks using milk and meat mixture?
What is the difference in meaning between לתור and לחפר with regards to spying the land?
Is Goy meant to be a pejorative term?
Is not having a shaatnez label considered מראית עין‎?
Can חומרה and קולה ever be interchangeable?
Schrödinger's cat and yibbum
Al Hamichya in one room and al hagefen in another room
Can one run a surveillance Camera on Shabbos?
Why only sarei chamishim for spies?
Rosh hashana: is it really two days?
Personal Taanis on next day — why not ealier then Mincha and not later then Shkia?
D’oraita Sources for Halacha
Kohelet citation - better peace and poor then rich and without peace
How does orthodox Judaism view the Dead Sea Scrolls?
Source of Wedding Veil
How to clean up from one meal for another on Shabbos?
Was Bar Kochba a King?
Pronunciation of Ketuba text
What do we think about Father's Day?
What is known about the Sage מונבז?
How can we make requests for personal needs in Rosh Chodesh "Bentching"?
Is the Christmas tree an Ashera?
What exactly did Yaakov learn at Yeshivat Shem v'Ever?
derech hashem and daath tevonos, same thing?
What is a Parzuf?
In the days of the Sanhedrin, was one able to hold of his own opinion in private?
Yichud with surveillance cameras
Is there any contemporary posek who says you can deviate from the wording in the shmona esrei?
Lashon Hara about someone you do not know?
Who is Armilus?
Telling G-d Lashon Harah
Consequences of regretting Mitvas
Where does the Zohar hold the nefesh resides?
Does today's Yom Kippur observance atone for all sins?
Geirim and minhagim what should they do
Watering Synthetic Grass on Shabbat?
Time-Set Irrigation for Shmita?
Relative number of firstborn
Why doesn't the Gemara cite Avos as a proof?
Reasons for allowing התר מכירה in this day and age
Why were some Jews called Yishmael?
What does this piece of jewelry say?
Can a Jew have a non-Jewish "bashert" or vice-versa?
Doesn't the wide use of Sheitels among Orthodox Jewish women prove that hair no longer retains the erotic status that it once had?
Pray to G-d in feminine (leshon nekeva)
Why does the Gemara sometimes use the word Ben and sometimes use the word Bar?
Does anyone (other than those in Chabad) believe that the late Lubavitcher Rebbe is the mashiach?
Mixed Gender Gyms
Churban Bayis Sheini Not on Tisha B'Av?
Parshas Korach: What Was Korach Thinking?
How to determine common practice for halachos that are impacted by it
Counting Jews with non-Jews
sefarim on psak halacha
Why do people keep saying 12 tribes of Israel when there are 13?
Said "משיב הרוח": continue "ומוריד הטל"?
What exactly do Noahides do?
Shehecheyanu at a Graduation
Nazir and Korban Chatas
Torah source for celebrating your personal achievements
May one wear a tallit gadol with all four corners in front?
Kosher items to stock in a cafeteria
Avraham's Converts
Abraham's converts.....to what?
Additions or exclusions of prayers in Siddurim
Moshiach came, did his Work, and left. Now what?
how could Korach have ruach hakodesh
What is the plague being referred to in Parshas Korach?
Can one accomplish Tzedaka through a will?
Can the Torah Scroll be opened while still inside the Aron Kodesh?
Prohibition to wear black for mourning?
Do we have to bring Mashiach?
On the gender of the implied "פַּעַם שֵׁנִי" in Esther 2:14
Is it ok to pray for a non-religious friend that he become religious?
Is a check considered cash
Geirim and accepting Mitzvos
Origin of wearing tallit with two corners in front and two in back?
Can a man circumcise himself?
Status of Paper Money as Currency
What defines an Almana?
Is a cloth covering required for Tachanun?
Putting the head down for Tachanun with a non-cloth covering
What is déjà vu?
Was Shimon HaTzaddik the First Tanna?
What are some examples of chazal making a midrash about the way a letter looks?
Happiness for a Bar Mitzvah
Source for Rambam on Habit and Character
The practice of (not) printing pictures of women in magazines and newspapers under religious auspices
Is there positive proof that the Rambam did not accept Kabbalah?
Shechting a goose during teves and shevat
What did the Or Sameach do for Rabbi Yaakov Ruderman?
רש״י's use of the קל וחומר after it's been discredited (שבת כו ע״ב)‎
What is the Zohar referring to when it speaks about 'Zer Anpin' (ז"א)?
Rambam, Maaseh Merchava and Maaseh Bereishis
Did Yael Sleep with Sisra?
How Many Stones to Place on a Grave?
Can women go to stonings?
If a restaurant is already halal, how much more work is it for them to become kosher?
Vicariously placing stones on a grave
Book on Biblical Archeology
Was the rock the Moshe hit in Shemos 17 the be'er miriam
Did the sages know Maaseh Bereishis?
Is a Sfardi ש incorrect according to this Gemara?
Is Gideon's bible in my hotel room a problem?
What does the Mishnah Berurah in 1:17 mean
Bathroom or shema if you only have time for one?
Saying kadesh and vehaya ki yaviyacha when donning on the tefllin
Placing a stumbling block before someone trying to take advantage of me?
How does meshane hateva work?
Why did the Jews complain that the mon would kill them after they spent 39 years eating it?
Would a woman have to cover an artificial limb for tznius purposes?
Rabbi Aharon Leib Shteinman's statement about waiting for Moshiach
Vinegar and Nazir
Who says the Mourner's Kaddish for a synagogue member who had no family?
How did the mesorah for techeles get lost?
wash hands before eating or touching bread
Definition of mini-skirt in Yabia Omer YD 6:14
Prayer in the "House of the One"
Why does the belief in Mashiach require that one be anxious for his coming?
Lesson from Moshe's Rock
Olam Haba depends on how you treat your wife
Electronic dance music (EDM)
Jebediah​​​ (?)
What is the prayer uttered by Michael Ginberg's dad in Mad Men?
Is Soylent kosher certified?
How to keep kosher in a non-observant household
Off the Derech Parent
Halachically, are you allowed to "remove" a sick person from the Mi Sheberach "list"?
Why was the statement of Ben Hei Hei added at the end of Pirkei Avos 5?
Dama ben Nesina and the red heifer
Grill used for neveilot
Waiting six hours when chicken became meat
Should Gentiles observe the Shemitah by not farming and how else should they observe it?
Chukim list with sources
What is the difference between a temple, a synagogue, and a congregation?
Pictures of rabbis in the living room
Height of havdalah candle = height of spouse?
Source for the order of the aleph-beis?
Why believe angels' showing Aaron dead after being fooled about Moses?
The new book about the Lubavitcher Rebbe zt"l
Is there a prayer for the prosperity of those keeping the shmitta year and if not – why not?
Is Buddhism Avodah Zarah?
Sefer Ginas Egoz Rav Schacter
What word has the highest numerical value in Tanach?
Mixing up the order of Retzei and Ya'aleh V'yavoh?
The parameters of anger in halacha
Ramen and a hechsher?
Kallah and the Power to give Brachas
Feldheim's Sefer Piyutim
Do the Nine Measures Apply to the Woman?
Netziv's Ha'emek She'eila online?
Olives & Dates in the desert
Did I steal anything by eating from someone else's all-you-can-eat order?
How to "honor thy father and mother" when publicly addressing a parent's sexism?
The proper term for responding -- "Boruch Dayan HaEmes" or just "Emes"?
Is taking an extended warm shower Bal Tashchis? Biblically?
Comparative analysis of Tanya vs. Nefesh HaChaim
Sewage treatment on Shabbos
Buying a Shulchan Aruch
דע לפני מי אתה עומד on the ark
Mitzvah to study/know history?
What's the meaning of Daniel 9:26
Can a woman lead bentching/birchat hamazon?
What things are zealots allowed to do?
Can I use kibud av v'em to get my son to date somebody?
Compare and Contrast: Artscroll and Koren Talmud Bavli
Bracha after terrifying experience?
Under-Aged Drinking for the 4 Cups on Pesach
Is there a Special Hadran for finishing the whole shas?
Question about the Tallit
Why do Yeshivos learn Talmud Bavli so extensively?
Can a Jewish Business Refuse to Serve Certain Customers?
Are "Price-Tag" Attacks halachically sound?
Why Choose Talmud Bavli For The Daily Study
How can there be machlokes in gezairah shavos?
What blessing is made on a taco, burrito, or plain flour tortilla?
Is it permissible to write the English/secular date?
What is the reason for the specific items listed in Pirkei Avot 5:6 being created just before Shabbat?
Can I use the "Sabbath mode" on the refrigerator if it is not certified?
Can a gentile pray in a synagogue?
Is asking for a blessing in his granary asking for a miracle?
What's "כי אתא פלוני אמר פלוני"?
What is the point of Davening/Praying
How are nazir and sota connected?
Monetizing ads on Shabbos?
Snakes talking?
Why do Tefillin have filler material in the base of the batim?
Why is Bil'am not surprised that his mule is talking to him?
How can Eliyahu say that almost no one in the market has a share in Olam Haba?
Is there a Shiur/Book on Talmud Bavli that has Rashi Inside Translated in English?
Why didn't Eliyahu Hanavi reveal himself to People?
Why do we cover our eyes during Shema?
How do you "take someone to beis din"?
Nevuah or just a dream
How can you get Ka'asher Zamam if you became a Chalal
When is a Yartziet Observed?
Marriage and Menstruation
How did the priests deal with excess blood during the Temple dedication?
wearing sunglasses on shabbas
Is pharisaical - or any similar allusion to the Pharisees - offensive to modern Jews?
If a ger is like a newborn, are they tahor? Can they prepare the para aduma?
Is it possible to become a tzaddik?
When was the last time when we had 4 consecutive leap years when Matot and Masei were read separately?
Having fun with telemarketers
Is there a book that cross-references where the names of animals are mentioned in Tana"ch?
Why does one have to see the moon to do Kiddush Levana?
Can dew really make an eggshell fly?
Why does Chazan ("seer") mean prayer leader?
Tzitzit while sitting at home
Is the "pursuit of happiness" mentioned in the U.S. Declaration of Independence really a right "endowed by the Creator"?
What is the point of the first possuk of the Torah?
Earliest and Latest Times for reciting Kabbalat Shabbat?
Which witness testifies about a blasphemer?
How can Hashem make a mistake in thinking to make the world with Elokim (Midas Hadin)
Children's Names
Theological Aspects of Hebrew Grammar
Try to understand the order that Lavan searched Yaakov's tents
At what point do we reject a minhag?
Kashering with a potted plant
Tanning on Shabbos
Must one follow a community's candle-lighting time?
Moral Culpability in the Garden
Fruit Leather in Gemara Sukkah
Why did Bilaam hate Israel?
What nationality was Bilam?
What happens when a Jew eats non-Kosher food by mistake?
Hebrew text of Mishna Berurah
Is it permitted to have an abortion if divorce if imminent?
Why don't some do yibum today, l'chatchilah?
What is the need for angels?
Source for multiple names
Given name of Rabbi Yose
Halachically dead & Yibum
Kilayim in Chutz la'eretz
July 4th celebrations in Halacha
May a Jew sell marijuana?
Is the blood of a non-Kosher animal forbidden because of וכל דם לא תאכלו
Good idea to fast on the day of conversion?
Should one say the extra shema on shabbos one would normally say during the week?
May women wear tefillin as an amulet?
Covering eyes for Shema
Depicting a constellation
Are short trips to Israel allowed?
Can a Shabbat guest benefit from food that the host prepares if his custom is to forbid that preparation?
Can a person say the bracha for thunder if he hasn't seen the lightning?
Is there a Mitzvah to love parents?
The Chazon Ish pronunciation
If water can be turned into blood, do Jews believe in modern science?
Why do we cut nails for mikvah but not hand washing?
Why is Birkas HaTorah necessary?
Beis Din in Monsey?
Can a man miss tefilah with a minyan because his wife is overwhelmed with the children?
How long do I have after a bread meal to bensch?
Which letters can be exchanged in a gematria/notarikon?
Where did the well come from?
Mashgiach and a restaurant staying open on Shabbos
How do we know that Elisha baal kenafayim had a clean body?
What's the source for naming children after Alexander the Great?
Who translated the original version of the Torah into each of the 70 languages?
What makes a movie "kosher"?
Do you make bircat Hamotzi on fried bread?
Is national-brand mozzarella under constant supervision?
On schwa following word-initial "וּ"
Digital text versions of Breslov sefarim
Source for exemption of hekdesh by nizkei adam
How old was Pharaoh relative to Moses?
bracha when snorkeling/diving underwater and seeing a strange animal
Hassidim and white shirt
How do we know that Moses' wife was Hamitic?
Holding a child during bentching,kiddush,havdallah
What are the parameters of Tircha D'Tzibbur
Parameters of Yuhara - When should someone be concerned that he's overdoing it?
source that purpose of this is world is as an arena for human free will
Can one go on a boat during the 9 Days?
Severe allergies to perfume and dust...laundry during 9 days and chol ha'moed?
Soup Mandels on Shabbos
The Western wall (Kotel Hamaravi) forever
Why did R' Yochanan ben Zakkai ask for multiple things?
Do the laws of Ribis apply to loans of virtual currency?
Can One Ride in a Self-Driving Car on Shabbat
The concept of glatt
Secular Names for Days of the Week
Did they daven after the destruction of the first temple?
Why is asking a non-Jew to turn on electric lights considered amira l'nochri?
Cognitive meaning of כפר
Why do Hassidim wear hats that simulate what Non-Jewish czars and kings wore?
Greeting someone before the morning prayers
Unethical landlord
Is it discussed why a baby is born without teeth?
War, Pray and Learn
What is the celebration of Yom Haatzma'ut?
Why are the blessing(s) preceding the Haftarah printed and chanted with trope notes?
If one makes a party for Bar Mitzvah during the 9 Days, can he serve meat?
Moav or Midian - who seduced the Jews at Shitim?
Shnayim mikra ve'echad targum in English
Is the rule of "Nasog Achor" specific to the Bible?
Is the timing of Mitzvot more intentional or more extentional?
Menustration / Karet
Gentiles praying in Hebrew
Sephardi (Spanish-Portuguese) Minhagim
Insertion of Piyutim
Ashrei and Repetition of a posuk
Answering Amein
Berachah and Aliyah
Oleh and chazak chazak
What is the correct emotion to feel upon hearing about enemy civilian casualties?
When exactly do we say chazak chazak v'nitchazeik?
Do the restrictions start at night or day?
When is the Halacha like Raba and when like Abaye?
The Tyrian Smith's Lineage
The Tyrian Smith's Name
Violating a cancelable oath?
Mishna Berurah Summary
The Priest-King's name
Why did R. Zera want to forget the Talmud Bavli?
Source that "Yehi Khevod" should be said with special intensity
What kinds of metals need immersion in a mikvah?
Translations of R' Hirsch
What's the point of an oath?
Bishul Akum: State Dinners
Did Kozbi deserve to die?
Pointing the pinky at the torah
Why do we fear saying G-d's name today?
Is a deceased obligated to pay financial debts
HafTarah and Novi
What to do in the case of dropping tefillin?
Understanding how the omer was sifted
Arabs recognise Hashems watchfull hand over Klal Yisroel
Kohen travels next to a hearse under tree branches
Can a non-fasting person be a shaliach tzibur, ba'al kri'ah, or receive an aliyah on a fast day if he is the only qualified person to do the job?
Taking home leftovers from a caterered affair - mitzvah or stealing?
Does "Nivdak" flour, grains, beans or pasta exist?
Why were the Ma'amad afraid of the Notzrim?
Antiquarian Safrut
Does someone not fasting still try their best?
Minhag of Kos Pagum
How should a Jew behave if kidnapped by a non-Jew?
curse words and the Torah
Satmar and Mishnah Berurah
Yom Tov, Women and Shechiyanu
Transliterated Shemot
Source for split between דיני ממונות and דיני נפשות
Hagbah of the Yemenites (Temanim)
Posture for listening to Kiddush and Havdalah
I forget his name. Now what?
Candle Lighting
Can one have a favorite pasuk/parsha/masechta?
Would Moshe have lived longer if he had delayed fighting Midyan?
Rambam's responsum about treating depression with music
Shiurim from Rabbi Azriel Chaim Goldfein Zatzal
Is a couple who got divorced allowed to be together?
Sleeping Music during the Three Weeks
Has anyone "composed" music for the trope for Tehilim, Mishle and Iyov?
Etymology of the word "trope"
Morning seder as the "main" seder
Is one allowed to smoke on minor fast days?
What is the "Minimum" of beliefs to be considered Orthodox?
Why are Jews always targets?
Source of Gentiles given sports to distract them from harming Jews
Is it forbidden or just disrespectful to wear a kippah with ads on it while in shul or learning?
Can you put a mezuzah on someone else's home without permission?
Rambam Hilchos Tshuvah 2:9
The Chofetz Chaim's kiddush cup
When someone places a flyer on your car windshield without your permission, is s/he Masig G'vul?
Does a tiny white spot on tefillin batim need to be repainted?
Contact numbers for historic shuls in Upstate NY
How can the order of Ovinu Malkeinu be explained? Forgiveness comes before repentance
Did the Pnei Menachem of Ger have a sharp sense of humor?
Amein and Food in One's Mouth
overflowing cup and kos pagum
Operation Protective Edge and My Brothers Keeper
Expounding a student's name
burping or belching at a meal
sitting or standing during kiddush or havdalah
Drinking medicine with a straw on shabbas
Havdalah and fingers
Why does Yaakov say, "ראיתי אלוקים פנים אל פנים"?
Bracha on Beanitos chips
What is the Orthodox Jewish position regarding a criminal ban on abortion?
Are separate glasses required for milk and meat?
Must a Reform convert raise prior children Jewish?
Burning hair without realizing it's meat?
Participating in a non-Kosher food co-op
Why are the names of some Masechtot in Aramaic while others are in Hebrew?
hot pot and trief
Must the electrical lights be dimmed or turned off while saying "Borei Me'orei Ha'Esh"?
Answer after "Morid haTal" in the Amida
Saying magein avraham versus magein avram
Can I change my mind after I fill out a tzedaka form?
Feet together or just heels for Shmoneh Esrei?
Is it permissible to think about a future Mi Yodeya question while you're in the bathroom?
vessels and dipping
Where can I find online a good recording of Gemorah which explains it very well peshuta shel talmud
Visiting sites previously used for idol worship
Can You Run On Shabbos?
Craving for Non-Kosher Food
What does "having עונות ידועים" mean?
Shechechyanu for Teffilin?
Teffilin For Women
Listening to music during the 3 weeks?
Do 20+ Singles Violate Halachah?
Source for prohibition to listen to music during the 3 weeks
Can I eat chocolate melted in a meaty pot and then combined with dairy?
Giving Non-Kosher Wine to a neighbor
May I give non-mevushal wine to a non-Jew?
talking after washing
Wiping and Drying
Tefillin and Knots
Looking for a drasha on Yerach ben Yomo/Karnei Para
Intended giving of Tzedaka when the cause disappears
Sin Offerings -- what did you do after sin, before you got to the temple?
Washing Once or Twice
Being intoxicated a Sin?
Crying on Shabbos
How covered can the Moon be for Kiddush Levana
Welcoming non-Jewish guests
Do I need to kasher the grill I used to kasher my liver?
Unclean -- Consequences
Women and mayim achronim
borei menei b’samim and perfume
shemonah esrei and moving to another location
Are "Halacha To Moses from Sinai" Undisputed?
Eating food that is tamei
Which of the Napoleonic wars had no casualties?
What is the importance of the tallit during prayer?
Do we know more about נבח?
Why was Batsheva bathing on the roof
Why repeat the last verse of "Yoshev b'Seter Elyon"
Laws regarding excessive conversation while dating
Walking In-front of Someone Davening Shemona Esrei
The Chofetz Chayim's system of the olamos
Why is the hat often black?
backroom, minyan and shul
Sefer and Tikkun L'Choleh
Is it possible for a man to convert to Judaism without circumcision?
"El Male Rachamim" on Tisha b'Av
Asking someone to do melacha for you
Is one allowed to be fat?
Sealing an envelope on shabbat
Was Uriah Jewish?
Will 2 days of Rosh Hodesh & Yom Tov be necessary after Mashiach?
May a male use a female for massage or vice versa?
Should a Jewish cashier scan treif items?
The Vilna Gaon's definition of Torah lishmah
If Jews are the majority in a state outside Israel, what should they do?
What is the blessing on dough?
Halachot of IVF
Who or what was Gilaad?
If a virgin birth actually disqualifies a Messianic candidate, how then should Isaiah 7:14 be interpreted?
Lashon Harah for anonymous to'eles
How to read Gen. 32:29
Splitting the Double Parshiyot
How Much Pesukei D'Zimrah is Customary for a Non-Minyan?
Is there a source for the Kallah Bride wearing white in Torah?
Can someone who is not wearing tefillin on a weekday receive an aliyah?
Reason for various positioning of "An'im Zemirot"
May a surgeon who needs to do surgery on Shabbat correct the time on his watch?
Sephardi Minhag of Boy Taking Maftir at Age 9
Beis Din observing a female convert's immersion in the Mikvah
Why bother with forcing the Get?
Does learning Torah or doing Mitzvos protect others from enemies?
Is Leviticus 19:16 a negative commandment?
Is there a standard format for the start of each column in writing Sifrei Torah?
Who is this (Haredi) Rabbi?
When Sofrim write Sifrei Torah, do they think of the Ba'alei Kri'ah (readers)?
What is the reason for "stretched" letters in the Torah?
Who certified this yogurt as kosher?
What's special about where the unique karne farah trope appears?
Saying "thank you" before taking a bite
Toldot Aharon Tallit
When does a מעריב-misser say תחנון?
Shva na after meteg on short vowel
Derech Halimud in Mir Yeshiva
Rambam Interlinear Online?
Why do we only cover the head during Tachnun if there is a Aron Hakodesh
A rebellious spouse in Beis Din today
What bracha do we say on mashed potatoes?
mechitzah, shul and wedding
Why do Lubavitchers put on tefillin of Rabbeinu Tam from bar mitzva?
Whale-yeast Beer
Rav Moshe on mechitzah and kalus rosh
Kosher flavored beer without certification on the bottle?
Can a noahide wear a tallit without the tzitzit fringes during their personal prayers?
Test tube meat: Pareve?
The Seder of Tomchei Temimim
Naming Kids Similar to Living Relative
Does breast milk make vessels non-kosher or milchig?
What is the Halacha regarding Tachanun and Brit in the same shul?
When does a מעריב-misser say שמונה עשרה?
Should I make a bracha rishonah and acharonah on 1 ice cube?
Can one eat meat on Mot'za'ei 9 Av if it is a se'udah for Brit or Pidyon Haben?
Can I get fruit juice from the street juice truck if the non-Jewish owner occasionally squeezes grapes?
Returning lost property
status of owned land after Moshiach comes
Did the daughters of Tzlafhad make two separate requests to Moshe or just one?
Is there any reason to deny aliens according to Judaism?
Davening and Krias Shema with a sore on the lip or throat
What halachic issues are involved in the use of a trouser press in the nine days?
Must Shevet Levi Follow Dina Demalchusa Dina In The Land Of Israel?
Spices and candles before your zman
Mom and Dad begin Shabbat at different times. Whom should the son follow?
Parameters of "kalus rosh"
Which tehillim are best to say for the welfare of soldiers at war?
Parameters of Yuhara for women
Can I get a digital copy of the Journal of Halacha?
How long must clothes be worn before the 9 days for them to count as not fresh?
Extended fasting on 10 Av
Is it yuhara to wear a different tallit pattern?
Keeping Kosher Jewish/gentile marriage
Can a couple have relations during dangerous times?
Online Synopsis of each Mesechta of Talmud Bavli
How do מושב יקרו and שכינת עזו work in the Oleinu prayer?
Differences between Bat Kol and prophecy
Was the Shamir worm used for the second Beis Hamikdash?
Why are we bound to rabbinic laws?
What kind of shoes are worn by very haredi jews?
Halachically, is one person ever bound by the intent of another?
What's the point of Jeremiah 13:18–27?
Can I plan to make a Siyum in the nine days to eat meat?
Why do the men (of Menashe) get no credit?
Is there a source for giving charity in round numbers plus one?
Laser print Mikraos Gedolos Tanach online?
Great People Not Mentioned in the Torah
Meteg on a short vowel
Targum of Elokim
Questions about Conversion to Reform Judaism
Are there any issues with buying a used Siddur?
Preferred approach when behind in Shnayim Mikra
Why was שמאי holding a ruler?
Machine-Readable Torah
Tisha B'av Fasting in Second Temple Times
Where to keep holy books
Sitting at the same level as Holy Books
How beautiful for the bracha on beautiful people?
Tircha D'Tzibbur vs. Kavod Hatorah - which wins?
Source that those without a genuine need soliciting charity is a good thing
Listening to music while studying/writing
Praying after chatzot– which tefilot?
Eating food during the 9 days that's been cooked with meat
In a mixed marriage, is a Jewish woman liable for kareit if they have relations while she's niddah?
Can the "Go'el Hadam" kill the inadvertent killer if he lives in any refuge city after the Cohen Gadol dies?
Translation of the Aruch haShulchan
Are there any post-high school Israeli yeshiva programs that offer semicha "credits"?
What is the inheritance of the righteous gentiles in olam-ha-ba?
translation of the Shulchan Aruch online
Kill a no-longer-profitable horse?
Should I say the Bracha ברוך...שככה לו בעולמו when I marvel at fall foliage?
Mussaf before Mincha Katana
What clothes do the members of Neturei Karta wear? Why?
Hunting in Judaism
Were Jews enslaved by Egypt or instead corvee labor?
If Bal Tashchis and Achila Gasa would get in a fight, who would win?
Chalak or Glatt?
Cooking with wine during the Nine Days
Sweatpants and basketball shorts in the nine days
Had B'nai Yisra'el not sent the spies, would they have had to fight against Amalek?
Is the phrase על נסיך שבכל יום עמנו at the end of Modim implying that we rely on miracles?
Does "vertical" distance require saying Tefillat Haderech?
bar mitzvah and wedding invitations
Volunteering for certain harm
Are you allowed to extract buried Shemos?
Can a yefas toar be Jewish?
CYLOR and Mesorah
'Removal of the evil inclination is like removal of the soul'
What is the connection between Moshiach and Tisha B'Av?
Can you say Bircat Hagomel after certain "dangerous sports"
beracha, kavanos and words
"Hello" and "sincerely" when writting letters
Prophet "Jeremiah" from Tanach in translation to German language online available?
Should someone say Tefillat Haderech if he is riding the NY City subway even less than 1 parsa?
Why are certain kosher meat / poultry parts hard to obtain in the U.S.?
Why is there a paragraph break in the middle of the list of travels?
Why is there a parsha break in the middle of a verse?
Was the first child of Dovid and Batsheva supposed to be Moshiach?
moshiach, arrival and the torah's perspective
Is taxidermy kosher?
What is the significance of using shevet vs. mattot in Parshat Mattot?
Who performed the bris of Abraham?
Is it permissible for a woman to learn Pirkei Avot & Shulchan Aruch?
Hashem and Arabs
How does the phrase מנהגא מילתא היא relate to halachic Jewish life?
How far may one go with doing an aveira (violating a negative mitzva) if it means performing a positive mitzva?
Does the Mechaber, banning meat at seudah mafseket, mean it's okay beforehand?
During the nine days, can we do something "slightly dangerous" in order to fulfill a mitzvah?
Is it appropriately Jewish to use Psalms as a form of talisman?
Is the Targum Neofiti a valid source of translation?
Why should I want Moshiach to come?
Tallit pattern archive
Why are large Jewish communities not picking up and moving to Israel?
How does a verse in Yirmiyahu prove that one should say "אני ה' אלהיכם אמת" without interruption
Using laundered underwear, bed sheets and towels during the nine days
Were there cockroaches on the ark?
Golden kaftan + high beaver hat?
Do we have any proof (Biblical or other Judaic) that current-day Arabs have lineage from Yishma'el?
If someone accidentally steps backward before the end of Shmoneh Esrei, what should he do?
How could Avraham feed his guests tongue?
Information about Arab Travelers in Aggadah
May a non-Kohein purchase or eat tongue?
How come Metzudat Tzion never did a perush of difficult words in the chumash?
Source for the quotation, "More than Jews have kept the sabbath..."
Source and reason of the Minhag to end Cohen aliyah of parshat Devarim 1 pasuk early
Can you use one instance of hand washing for two different things?
38 years or 40 years in the desert?
The footstone sank into the ground & is next to the coffin. Can I retrieve it?
When the Cohen is asked to leave the shul, doesn't that force him to miss the mitzvah of hearing part of Kri'at Hatorah?
Is saying "Hareini mekabel alai mitzvat asei shel Ve-ahavta..." before Shema a Lubavitch tradition?
Does Hillel International perform conversion?
Making kabbalistic declarations aloud
Chassidus Tschitschkov (Czyczkow/y)
Why the hidden mussar?
V'kara zeh el zeh v'amar - When does who bow left then right here?
Using a Magic Mug on Shabbos
Preparing for a fast by eating/drinking on Shabbos
How does one become a Min?
Am I supposed to Ignore Most Non-Religious Jews?
What should you do after Havdalah?
Loose, tea leaves on Shabbes
How can Jewish merchants sell their wares to Christians before their holidays?
GR"A (GR"a) re: Sefirot and Kabbalah
Life after death?
Sotah and her return to her husband
What is the difference between חרמין וההקדשות
Was there lightning during the plague of hail?
Are you allowed to wish someone "Gut Mo'ed" on Tish'a B'Av
Eicha 2:5 Targum - seemingly out of order
What if someone likes cold showers?
Is a kohen's grandson a kohen?
What is the sephardi equivalent to the Mishna Berura?
What are you supposed to do on Tisha baAv?
Over what parts of current Israel do the laws of Shemittah apply?
Moshiach's Time of Arrival
What is the best way to avoid problems with buying shmittah produce outside of Israel?
siddur(ashkenazi diaspora style) for android/google play store? (that gets weekday mincha 'shalom rav' right)
Washing for Bread: Need to Do So Again
Do the laws of not learning on tisha b'av also apply to Ches Av?
Why do we say the normal Mishnayos after Birkas HaTorah on Tisha BeAv?
Why don't we say Ein KeLokeinu on Tisha BeAv?
Permitted to learn Perush Hamilos on Davening on Tisha Bi'Av
Are you allowed to study (not Torah) on Tisha Bi'Av
Reviewing Torah on Tisha Bi'Av
Josephus' Fall of Jerusalem
Can a Ba'al Kri'ah review the parshiot that he must lain on Tish'a B'Av?
Are there Peirushim on the Tisha BAv Night kinot available on the internet?
Is there a halachic problem with the Columbia University seal on the floor of the library?
Studying mussar and philosophy on tisha b'av
Texts of Shirei HaYichud Online
Why don't Rabbinic fasts end by Ben Hashmashot?
Rav Moshe Feinstein and showers in the nine days
Which communities wear tefilin while davening Minha?
Why is Maimonides View of Korbanot not Consistent with Messianic Times
What year was the second temple destroyed?
"Al n'tilat yadayim" on fast days
Whose portrait hung in Rav Elyashiv's home?
Is it forbidden to learn Hebrew/Aramaic during Tisha B Av?
How many words are there in Tanach?
Sleeping at the Kotel on Tisha B'av
How do hats contrast with sounds?
Talmud Statistics
Mishneh Torah Statistics
Silver Atarah for Tallit
Mishneh Torah in english
On what day exactly should one read the added phrases prayers?
Are kohanim prohibited from University College London?
Editing Torah on Tisha B'av
What does צו״צ stand for?
When is Musaf said?
Proper Reading of the Word זועה
What should we eat on Tu B'av?
Unusual pronunciation of "Mol" in Devarim 1:1
Why don't we remember the Churban in Shabbat and Rosh Chodesh musaf?
What is the qualification for chamar m'dina ?
Can you use a pool for a mens mikvah
The full story behind "Kohen and Navi"?
Food Stringencies and Dishes
Taking a pill on Yom Kippur
Did the Israeli soldiers who were involved in Operation Protective Edge eliminate any parts of davening?
Saying Tehilim after shkia
Is there any connection between longer Tachanun and Torah reading?
Shacharis after chatzos
Tachanun on a day when one is naming a baby girl
Making a shechiyanu and major appliances
Are men allowed to listen to women on the radio?
Saying Asher Yatzar after Hamapil
What is the point of praying if your fate is already decided on Rosh Hashana?
Sefardic and Ashkenazic main halacha book for Even Haezer, Yoreh Deah and Choshen Mishpat?
Sefardi praying schacharit with Ashkenazim
No tachanun - hooray?
Where is "Nachal Mitzrayim"?
The situation of a lost Jew
Can you say Hadran without meat
In Devarim 5:5 why does Moshe connect the people's fear with not going up Mt. Sinai?
Why 1 box for the tefillin shel yad and 4 boxes for the shel rosh?
Is Moshiach Going to last forever?
What ages are you considered a minor
borei menei b’samim, flowers and fresh mowed grass
vegetables, water, tomato juice and vegetable soup
Sources in Rishonim on the Authenticity of the Zohar
Chazzanish Recordings
Why do people stand for Psalm 100?
What precisely is meant by "G-d can do anything"?
Are Jews halachically allowed to go up toTemple Mount?
Kitzur Shulchan Aruch Statistics
Is it correct to say now “Moshiach must come in this generation”?
How was the market price established in the time of the gemoro?
Can Hashem see under our covers?
Is a Jew allowed to go on Facebook?
Jacob's Dual Names and Wives
Heilige Hooleh?
What is the significance of this twirly pe?
Shul and the Divine Presence
vowels on vav before mem
Does the Torah ever allude to Earth being a spherical celestial body in space?
Revenge against non-Jews
Sifrei Neviim that don't make it to the haftarot
Tribe of the son of a Kohen and a convert
May a woman study Kabbalah?
Is this a mistake in a Torah scroll or intended decoration?
Mir Yeshiva and the Dateline
How does Chabad shlichus work?
What biographical information is known about Rabbi Yitzchak Izaik Zorovitz?
Why don't more orthodox Jews homeschool?
Where is it written in the Zohar that the Yishmaelites must have Eretz Israel until Mashiah comes?
Is there significance to putting one's head between his knees for personal prayers?
Why no אמן after "קונה שמים וארץ"?
Do the seven types of Perushim described at Sotah 22b refer to the Essenes?
V'yaazor v'yagen... and no amen
Are french fries considered shalem?
Does adhering to Torah make one a Jew?
Source for story about the Chasam Sofer, Rav Nosson Adler and an Amalekite?
Source for Sukkos as Sheva Brachos
Plans for an all-wood sukkah
Koren siddurim/machzorim for minyan
Sliding tzitzis knot on Shabbos
Academic abbreviations
Is one required to tie strong tzitzis knots?
How do non-literalist Jews interpret the "year zero" in the Hebrew calendar?
Logistics of starting Shabbat early?
Tucking in Tekheles
Hashem to Moshe - *your* nation?
If you do a tashlumim shmoneh esrei do you say Hashem sefatai tiftach again?
Rashi to Devarim 11 (11). In what way is mountain land superior to the land of the plain?
Are separate condiments/containers needed for meat and dairy?
The Maharal and his influence on Jewish philosophy
Can there be a guide to what interruptions and skips can be made during parts of davening?
Sephardi (Spanish-Portuguese) siddur
Shliach tzibur not following the shul nusach
Beis HaMikdosh and Shechinah
Assuming something has remained Kosher
How to pronounce נעמי?
How do soldiers in the IDF obey Deuteronomy 23:13?
How do we know that The Hebrew Bible of today is substantially the same as the original writings?
Do spirits/souls have genders?
Cholov Israel microwave
Allergen information says "may contain..."
How does gematria deal with zero?
Ben Noah and his obligations regarding vows
What is the significance of "mayim nukvin" according to chassidus
wife, child and shul
meaning of words and tefillah
Do we still need 4 amot for davening with benches?
What is the right way to say ברכו את ה׳ המברך?
When and how often should you make a bracha on a snack that is being passed around?
Did Avrahom fail the test?
What is the meaning of the phrase לצאת ולבוא?
Partnership Minyan?
What is the procedure for a Shiduch inside the Satmar community?
Are Rabbi Hillel Lichtenstein (the Hatam Sofer Talmid) and Rabbi Hillel Lichtenstein (the Krasner Rav) related?
Can I have a linen lining in a wool jacket?
Saying tachanun when the tzibbur doesn't
Does wine bottle cut into a drinking glass need to be toveled?
Is this true that Elijah and Elisha didn't perform any miracle to help Jews?
Do some abridge the Shabbat evening Kiddush?
Remote control lighting of stove?
What should a Jew do if encountered by ISIS?
What does Kares actually mean?
Can I take out a sefer and not learn from it?
Is there a negative connotation around converting to Judaism?
source of having a seider tefillah
Hashem testing a person
Amaleik, Refidim and Disunity
Does flavored drip/ground coffee require a hechsher?
Do the Jews know the location of the omer of manna?
Havdalah: mistake in the bracha
Hebrew word/image HELP for Paintings
Adler Machzor still in print?
Wasn't Korach the star of the show?
How can the Rambam's Eighth Principle of Jewish Faith be believed in light of Hazal?
Did the people who followed the triennial cycle celebrate "Simchat Torah" in the same manner as those who followed the annual cycle?
Why is V'Zot Habracha read on Simchat Torah instead of on Shabbat?
Is there a concept of a "Makom Kavu'ah" in a public area?
Intent to include foods in bracha that exist only as ingredients
What are good quality sites for Shidduchim
How hungry does a Jew have to be to eat non-kosher food?
Can tevilas keli be avoided by giving the item to another Jew and borrowing it back from him?
loshon hora and shul
Source for quote about a slight wrong being a serious matter
Must a future convert keep mitzvos?
According to Jewish sources: which language came first, Hebrew or Aramaic?
Planting grass during shmita
Ruling of the Chazon Ish on expelling an at-risk-of-nonobservance bad influence
Explain apparent contradiction regarding "binah" in the bracha "Chonen Hada'at"
Translation of 'Takana'
Is there anything halachically or hashkafically wrong with installing reference computers in a Bet Midrash?
Examples of having to choose between two "lavs"?
Terumot and Maasrot in Israeli Shuks
Validity of Houston Kabbalah centers?
Why does the use of horse manure as fertilizer not make produce non-kosher?
when is shushing in a shul permited, when forbiden and when obligated
Coffee Machines in Hotels
Rambam claiming some of Hazal were superstitious
Giving to a "mission" collection
Loshon hara against non-Jews?
Is dvar sheina mitchaven permitted if the melacha is inevitable?
Toasters in motels / cabins
What do "Batél Beshishim Lechatechila" and " Mevatél Issur Lechatechila" mean?
What is the difference between kosher and permitted food?
saying asher yatzar while in an improper state
Compare Devarim 14:11 and Devarim 14:20- Is there a difference in meaning between "tzipor" and "of"?
Is there a problem with "Mar'it ayin" by attending a company picnic?
Enabling a Jew in a melacha
Can you derive benefit from another Jew's melacha if it happened a long time ago?
Is Mar'it Ayin instituted to prevent Lashon Hara or Motzi Shem Ra?
How do we know that a potential korban is not אֶתְנַן זוֹנָה וּמְחִיר כֶּלֶב?
Is one allowed to use a pedometer on Shabbat?
What constitutes an "Enemy of God"?
Where could an extreme ultra-orthodox baal t'shuva etc. realistically find a shidduch?
Prince of Yerushalaim named Merishadek?
Liability for bed bugs
How does Jewish Law look upon the concept of Abgefeimt?
Can a Chazzan say the Mourner's Kaddish despite not being a mourner?
Do Jews pray to deceased forefathers?
613.org, 613db.org: what happened to it?
Does saying "I promise..." constitute any halachic obligation?
What's the difference between wasting seed and having marital relations without the possibility of conception?
Cashier error - is it my responsibility to go back?
Is it wrong to be racist?
can zera still make clothes and objects tamei?
Why go to the doctor?
Recordings of Baer and Lewandowski
Why did God create us in such a way that we enjoy things most if we work hard to attain them?
Product Recommendation: History of Semicha
Time, Place and Speak
Is it considered Lashon Hara if someone alludes to a place's faults while focusing on a place's merits?
What does Mot Yumat mean?
Aleinu - are we happy that other nations worship idols?
Is Gematria accepted by all?
Beracha rishona after beracha acharona?
What side does someone with Situs inversus bang
Is the blessing after food determined by the blessing before it?
How does one read words with a "yud" in Targum?
Does Shabbos food make one fat?
What is an אדם כשר w.r.t. precedence for aliyos?
Singing too loudly in shul
Should women kiss the Torah with their hand or with a prayer book?
Should you bow and take steps back during a prayer you are not reciting?
What is the minimum income/savings for someone to give or receive ma'aser money?
Too fast or no minyan?
Voodoo and benefiting from idol worsphip
Commercial kosher slaughter
What to do when the Rabbi is on vacation
How does punishment in the World to Come make sense?
Source for "Bein Ish L'Ishto" in Nusach Ari
How does a giyur m'safek differ from a giyur l'chumra?
Why does the cave of machpelah have special significance?
Cheshbon HaNefesh Software
Return item at supermarket (consumer's fault?)
Akeidah and Ketoret
Hugging a crying close friend of the opposite sex?
Covering eyes when saying Shema for children
Questions related to shul structure
Is there any halachic problem with an ark having a "lazy susan" for the Sifrei Torah?
using a men's mikvah twice if tamei or just once?
Eating a Yom Tov meal on Yom Kippur
Order of importance for the chapters of Pesukei Dizimra for someone that arrives late to Synagogue.
What do those people who wear tefillin all weekday do on Rosh Chodesh?
Who sells broken up sets of sefarim?
What constitutes as a ברכה שאינה צריכה?
תעשה vs עשה (Ta'aseh vs Assei)
Are "Mitzva" and "Halacha" synonyms?
Source for saying Shir Hama'alos but not Al Naharos Bavel
When did Yom Kippur Kattan originate?
Do I have to worry about "Maris Ayin" if my kashrut standards are different than the majority of a community?
Using Zephaniah 3:8 as a pangram
Is the commonly worn undershirt known as a "beged tzitzit" actually obligated in tzitzit at all?
Women wearing men's "women's shirts"
Is there value in opting for Pas Yisroel Raisin Bran?
Bishul Yisroel requirements following the food item rather than its preparation
Are there jews not following the rabbinic laws?
What does Selichot consist of?
Is there something shocking about the location of Mount Gerizim and Eval?
What is the difference between a Sephardic and Ashkenaz eruv?
Can a Jewish news-provider purposefully lie to Jews?
Does a Kohen have to be concerned about the surname of a potential mate?
Does Orthodox Judaism have a generally held position on American politics?
Who is this certification ([KA] in a square)?
Where was Berit Ben Habetarim done?
Sefardim don't ever listen to live music?
Can one use a gas grill for both meat and dairy (with lots of other caveats)
Do pages of ketuvim and navi'im need to be buried?
Hebrew names of G-d written in English letters
Should Jews be environmentalists?
When something is lost, tie a knot
Why is a woman allowed to get pregnant?
May gentile "half-twins" marry?
What beracha do you make on Golden Puffs?
Why did Esav care about burial in machpelah?
Must the Oleh for the Haftarah read the Haftarah himself?
Is there a Jewish tradition of God reviving Israel at Sinai?
No Hope for Salvation
Could the world be destroyed due to environmental causes?
Ashkenazi STa"M name
Can an enamelled pan be changed from meat to milk/pareve?
Can a charity employ a collector on commission without informing donors?
my cellphone is off on Shabbat but the voicemail still takes a message
Are donations typically expected from the person receiving an aliyah?
Is talking before noten hatorah a hefsek?
Are there digitized Sefer Torahs?
Can a Jewish owned business sponsor (or own) a non-Jewish football team?
What's the deal with female Rabbis?
What's the difference between אניה and ספינה in Jonah?
How far do I have to go to take care of myself?
"Qof, Qof" What does this mean?
Do I need to turn off answering machine before Shabbos?
Buying from Hasogas Gevul
What class of entity are Wisdom and Death?
What to do if you say the wrong version of the last bracha in Shmoneh Esrei?
Zohar, Yaakov and Eyes
(Why) do we close the eyes of the deceased?
Medrash, Witness and G-d
Genesis 2:7 vs 2:19
Rav Ovadiah and talking in a shul or beis medrash delays the Geulah
Reading zeicher, zecher, or both during the regular Torah reading
Why is a kohen allowed to be a rabbi?
Is it forbiden to drive a car?
Did circumcision exist before Abraham?
Does sorcery/black magic exist today?
Is beauty that is described in the Torah objective beauty?
Ben Sorer U'moreh - is anyones future doomed?
ראש וראשון לכל דבר שבקדושה
How does the Conservative Movement address issues with women leading davening?
How could Moshe write on Shabbos?
Verifying powdered milk
Is the distance for observing 2 days of Yom Tov today, the same distance as when this halacha was first instituted?
Is it halachically permissible to apologize and rebuke someone simultaneously?
Liability of substitute
Is there any halachic problem with providing a service (e.g., matchmaking) to someone for free, when others pay for it?
In the phrase זכר למעשה בראשית in Kiddush, is the word זכר an adjective?
How do Interest Loans work in Israel?
Does a dog know that it's a dog?
What does, 'A wandering Aramean was my father' mean in Dt 26:5?
Is there a the obligation to be MeChadesh Divrei Torah
Source that Aveilim circle the block when the Shiva ends
How old is the chanukiyah?
Who was the wife of Levi (according to Sefer HaYashar)?
Biblical vs. Rabbinical end of Shabbat
Questions regarding the melacha of "borer" - separating / sorting on Shabbat
If water accidentally spilled on my laining sheet and rubbed out the ink, is it still shaimos?
Can Jews revolt?
Rambam and 10 Malachim
Why can't Israel rebuild the Mishkan today in the original site at Tel Shilo?
What were the nine points of the pesak din of Michalowitz?
Is Ketubah a biblical obligation accd to Rambam?
What to do if you drop a sefer
Does anyone have any resources on voluntary prayer/tefillah n'dava?
What should a person think when hearing the shofar?
Davening and Place
English Translation of Zohar online
Who were the 'mixed multitude' that went up with the children of Israel in Ex 12:38?
Ba'al Shem Tov, King and Nation
Maaser for money received as a gift from Parents
Ba'al Shem Tov online
Gur Aryeh, King and Nation
What does it mean to have geknipt payos?
What does it mean to have arup payos?
Do mourners change their seats in shul today?
How does my having someone in mind when I learn help them?
Prophecies of the Maccabees uprising are foretold in which ancient book?
Right side or left side of the mechitzah
Can I use a firearm to protect my home on Shabbos?
Can you dry yourself on shabbos?
What is the kabbalistic understanding of the name אזבוג״ה?
Watching TV on weekdays (not on shabbat)
Source for Bless you
Shir Hashirim passage after L'chah Dodi
What is the status of a man who has one or both testes removed due to cancer or some other condition?
Why is "שבי" switched from masculine to feminine?
Can a religious person have a favorite number?
Ma'ayanah Shel Torah on the Festivals and 613 Mitzvot?
Will reading Questions and Answers on Mi Yodeya gain a Jew entrance into Olam Haba?
Is it advised to study alone without a havruta?
Is the chabad performing under valid Orthodox Judaic rules
In Levirate marriage, can the widow refuse marriage to the brother-in-law?
Can rags and oven mits become non-kosher or be kashered?
Are you yotzei through accented pronunciation?
How does a Braille siddur work?
What are the parameters of hachnassat orchim?
Holidays south of the equator
Why was Bnei Israel rebuked for requesting a King if this was a commandment given to them?
How to pronounce a mapiq (Sephardic)?
toveling racks from new built in wall oven
Hefsek in being yotzei besamim in havdallah
Giving money to a poor tinok she-nishba
Halachik source for wearing stockings
Kiddush Levana and Women
Holy Objects of a Messianic
Who or what is OV? (kosher symbol)
Psak halacha from a havah amina in the Gemara
Could pipes from a boiler to a sink ever be considered a kli sheini?
Taking your mezuzah to a new home
Can a Jew name a child after a (deceased) non-Jew (non-relative)?
Did a synod in Poland in 1631 decree the censorship of some parts of the Talmud?
Sefarim to learn in Elul
Are women inherently lazy, or was it a temporary state?
If dipping was common, why does Mah Nishtana suggest otherwise?
Giving to the poor of your city first - home or workplace?
Is it problematic to own and use a SwissGear bag, due to the "plus" logo?
disgracing, festival and world to come
When may a body be removed from its resting place and buried elsewhere?
Why is Techiyas HaMeisim not explicitly mentioned in the Torah?
Shabbos Clothing and Disgracing the Festivals
Does one fulfill their obligation of davening if they leaned on a shtender?
Can certified vegan be assumed to be pareve?
Shabbos, Yom Tov and Clothing
How do Karaites shecht?
Skipping parts of pessukei dezimroh to get to work on time?
Tree of Life in the midst of the garden?
May one hang Torah passages or ketubah in the marital bedroom?
What was Rav's relationship to R' Hiyyah?
Yom Kippur Night Honour Clarification
Bathroom break during maariv
If a Shofar blower must blow twice for two concurrent minyanim, does he need to say the bracha twice?
Can the full set of 100 shofar blasts be performed by more than 1 person?
What is the status of a modern-day city with regards to techum?
Closed caskets for Jewish burials
Are there still those who obey the mitzvah of Ma'aser Behemah?
What happened to the stones with the Torah inscribed in seventy languages?
Why can't a Sefer Torah be written in Aramaic?
Buying non-Kosher food for home Emergency Kits
Can the Black Obelisk's depiction of King Jehu tell us something about the appearance of ancient Israelites?
Why God refers to Deer and Gazelle on Eating without sacrificing?
Blowing shofar for someone at their home
What Jewish leaders/rabbis/prophets were active in years 3350-3360?
Why did God want a Tabernacle built by Moses?
Guitar during public weekday prayers
Safek De'Oraysa Le'Chumra
Discipline of children
How much produce becomes bikkurim (first fruits)?
Is there a prohibition to eat produce before bikkurim (first fruits) have been separated?
Who was Rabi Tanchuma?
Why is the mitzvah of Shofar on Rosh Hashannah for hearing the sound and not for blowing the shofar?
I am looking for an algorithm to calculate Molad Tishrei for any given year
Why are Bikkurim and burial different from each other?
Tashlumin with a minyan
How practically did large farmers manage presenting their bikkurim?
Trope placement in Dev 29:12
Corporations, Jewish Shareholders and Interest
swaying and bowing
Is עליו השלום inappropriate to say about a living person?
Is Psalm 118:19 associated with Hallel and Yamim Noraim?
Is it permitted for a couple to have relations during the daytime?
Understanding the Gemara and Ramban on the four one-siman animals
Suckling directly from a kosher animal
Why learn Gemara?
Source for achdus being the only way klal yisroel could accept the Torah?
Source for story of rabbi's claiming land said "you're both mine"
When did walking from Ner Israel yeshiva to Baltimore no longer require Eruv Techumin?
Understanding the difference between shevus and gezeirah
How can someone, halachically, do teshuva when s/he has offended an anonymous person on the internet?
Why were there 8 kings of Edom?
Did Moshe have a son with Ethiopian Queen prior to Exodus
When can a bracha carry over onto more food?
Chida's statement about shabbat violators
Kiddush, Learning and Mitzvos for dead/niftar neshamos
Recommendation for good "complete siddur" (siddur shalem)
What halachic issues are involved in turning off a mobile phone while praying the quiet Amidah?
Is getting a blessing from a rabbi considered heresy?
When exactly does Havdala in Maariv effect a permission to perform Melacha?
Champagne and hechsher
Is jam a davar charif?
What is the proper hebrew pronunciation of Rav Hirsch's first name?
Does jam have the halacha of duchka d'sakina?
Wanting to do a Mitzvah, getting paid for intent AND accomplishent
Where does Chassam Soffer say Hillel needed a job
Should we allow women to dance with a Torah on Simchas Torah?
Why does kaftor vaferach mean "very nice"?
Are there any letters that do not have a distinct pronunciation?
If two people daven for each other, who is answered first?
Shmitah nowadays?
What to do while the mezuzah is being checked?
If Consuming Blood is Prohibited Can Jews Accept Blood Transfusions?
Rav Ovadia Yosef's Books Online
List of things that make one 'as if one rejects the core'
Hyperbole in the Gemara?
Is this chart of the mesorah of Torah available in English?
Custom for a mourner to be chosen to read the haftora every week
How do you explain tzniut to a little girl?
What are the respective philosophical perspectives of Saul Lieberman and Jacob Neusner?
Burnt offering of a gentile
Did the ancient Rabbanim believe that the spirits of the dead walked the Earth?
Psalm 121 - when is it said?
How was Ya'akov allowed to favor Yosef over Re'uven?
Why the person switches in Shemos 14:2-4?
Is "קל ארך אפים" said if the Torah's not to be read from?
If kings get up at 3 hours past sunrise, wouldn't they need some extra time to say Shma?
Looking for rabbinical books in Yiddish
Invite a non observant Jew to Shabat - Rav Ovadia Yosef opinion
From whence do we learn that the Torah does not mince words?
Request document Identification (Ancient Scroll?)
From where do we know that Yaakov has the spirit of prophecy when referred to as Yisroel?
Can I wear a tallit gadol without an atara
The Orthodox approach to R. Benamozegh's theology?
Why did God send Dovid to Hebron specifically?
Alternative to Selichot?
V'ahavta l're'eicha kamocha -- re'eicha velo akum?
The disappearance of וסת קבוע and הרגשות
Why is the day of Rosh Chodesh announced before every month except Tishrei?
Pinchas Ben Yair, Father-in-law or son-in-law of Rebbi Shimon?
Were there specific formulaic rules for declaring someone "cherem"?
Deut. 29:15 -- why not "you passed" or "we passed"?
What kind of responsibility do Mi Yodeya answerers have for people following halacha according to the site?
What's with this "approved for Pesach" tape?
Can the Jewish people have a king while in exile?
Is history Torah?
A Jew at heart?
Is recitation of Selichot a halachic obligation?
Is free will something that the Torah has to tell me I have? Is it a chiddush?
Why do we wear a tallit at kol nidre?
Why wine for kiddush?
Making a Berachah on Medicine
How to display the Torah when doing hagbah
Halachik source for saying ushpizin
Someone who doesn't believe the Lubavitcher Rebbe is Messiah is an apostate?
Why is Shmita only Rabbinic nowadays?
What is the penalty for someone who insults Judaism
Applying hand cream on Shabbos
Can a shrunken head be used for simanim?
Kiddush cup with the name of angels engraved on the inside
what happens to non-Noahide non-Jews after death?
Should one wear a tallit to "set" a sefer Torah?
Why was an imperfect world instructed in capital punishment?
Selichos during Beis HaMikdash?
Chazal and Medrash Tanchumah
When can one have light in the room during marital relations?
Clarification on "The Bloody Court"
When should one start building one's Sukkah?
May one read a map or document hung on the wall by a Jew during Shabbos?
punishment for instigating a crime, intentionally
Whose minhag does a Kalla follow in neiros shabbos and mikvah?
Can Moshe die at will?
How do I understand Bava Metzia 1:6?
Government "swearing-in" ceremony
At what point does a chazzan take three steps back after chazaras hashatz?
How many wings do Chayot have
What is Otzar Beis Din?
What is the reason behind blowing the shofar from the side of one's mouth?
What is the precise translation of the word ארשע?
Listening to a Jewish broadcaster in the US after Shabbat ends in Israel
How to determine what a "normal wind" would do to a sukka
How do you prepare a ram's head for Rosh Hashana night
The "two-state solution" for Israel in Orthodox Judaism
When was the last time the "Leap Year" postponement rule was used to delay the date of Rosh Hashannah?
How strongly must a Mezuza be attached
Please explain location of end of verse pattern in Ha'azinu
Sigmund Freud's Jewish Name
Why haven't I seen the Havinenu prayer in Sidurs?
What does Judaism say about pets in the World to Come?
Do we know the date of death of Shammai Hazaken?
Can you blow a shofar for fun on Rosh Hashanah?
How long to stay bent in Vidui for Selichos
Are we precise in which name of God we use outside of Chumash?
Was there sentient life with free will in the worlds that G-d destroyed before making our world?
text for Rav Kook's positive viduy?
Who were the inshi in shaas?
What's the reason of using Yad in reading Torah?
When is the proper time to say Berich Shemei?
Using 'zechus avos' in this world
What's the difference between שמחה and חדוה?
"Uvesorascha kasuv lemor shema Yisrael..." before Yishtabach
The lack of "ch" sound in Hebrew
Are Jews commanded to love Muslims?
When does fasting Erev Rosh Hashanah officially begin and end?
Orthodontics on Shabbos
Must a beit din be exactly 3 people?
How can chala be taken from baked bread?
How accurate is the Molad?
Shehecheyanu on hand-me-downs?
Koren Machzor and Shochen Ad
May one make the bracha on the shel yad, while the cover (which is never taken off) is on?
What is Hatarat Nidui
What year was the first Shemita?
What are the exact Shmita dates (in Gregorian) since 1900 or a general formula for determining the dates?
Does the Jewish tradition command Jews to love Christians?
Why do we thank G--d for taking us out of Egypt?
Should shma be read in the special trop?
Kohenim Taking shoes off during rosh hashana
Trapping mosquitoes on Shabbat
mincha during a meal
Are minor fasts obligatory?
Names relegating a sefer to Shemos
Maharal a Mashal to the female Jewish spouse
How is the Sefer Ha'Aruch supposed to be used?
Why don't we say Hallel on Rosh Hashanah?
What is the proper translation of Samuel 1:17?
Teshuva and non-Jews?
If someone didn't appease their fellow, what do they say in Ashamnu?
Why did Abraham treat his three visitors in this way?
What Berachah do you make on a kiwi berry?
Taschlich Bread crumbs on Yom Tov
Which Animals Have Only One Kosher Sign?
What is the meaning of surnames that number-related?
Should you say mashiv haruach if it's raining?
Beracha acharona on a mixture of two of the seven species of Israel
How to make Purim more female friendly?
Arba'a Ve'esrim Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
What is the significance of the ten azharos of tshuva (in Yeshaya ch. 1)?
suggestions on staying dry without an eruv on shabbos
What is the purpose of the mosquito?
"I'm just not a 'learning guy'"
Were women allowed to offer korbanot on private altars?
Chabad Houses singing Yedid Nefesh before Kabalash Shabbos
why is the order of kiddush different at night from the day?
On shabbos there are three meals. Why does the last meal not have the distinction of requiring kiddush?
Wearing Tallis/Tzitzit at night
Is a Cohen allowed to be called up for a Maftir even not on Shabbat?
Is there a problem with extra aliyot on Simchat Torah?
Can a Chazan silently say Yom Kippur piyutim in English?
Can the chickens swung over a pregnant woman's head for Kaparos be swung consecutively?
The Rambam's source for the first Ikkar
Selichot origins
How can yeast be kosher lǝPesach?
Why GOD asked Jewish High Priest to have a Golden Plate with the inscription "HOLINESS TO THE LORD"?
Is it appropriate to sing Aishet Chayel for a childless woman?
Proofs from scripture that God could not be a man
What texts should be studied after services on erev Yom Kippur?
Ayin hora - evil eye
Customary foods for the erev Yom Kippur meal(s)
What are the major regions relevant to Ashkenazi minhagim?
Why do we say עושה השלום during yamim nora'im?
Whom is the Moreh Nevuchim for?
Why Psalm 130 for Aseres Yemei Teshuva?
Seeking recordings of Rabbi Yitzhak Meir Kogan
Ensuring that a community is mainstream
Are Llamas Kosher?
Who uses nusach Sefard?
Shaarei Teshuvah by Rabbeinu Yonah online
Making very loud drumming noise during davening
Source for story about Chazon Ish and mischief
Is this app really safe to use on Shabbat?
Does braille go to sheimos?
Getting "used to" making a change in davening
Can you use algae, water plants (e.g. water lillies), hydroponics or fungi for schach?
Why am I told specifically not to uncover my father's nakedness?
י-ו as a name of Hashem
How do we determine whether a dish is clean?
Condoms and forbidden relations
Can an automated online service business operate on shabbat?
Is Nehemiah 8 describing a particular Jewish feast day?
does a date of birth have any specific meaning or importance?
Tahara procedure for a body with an infectious disease
Black Aravos on Succos
Rav vs. Rabbi in Talmudic Times
Why were the Tanayim and Amoraim so easily offended?
etymology of the word "Kittel"
Why don't the kohanim chant in Israel?
Chamisha Ve'esrim Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Are there any organizations or support groups that help older, unmarried Kohanim?
Waking up fleishig
Sofrim selling other's K'tav rather than their own
Why are people buried in white when R' Yanai says not to?
Is it permitted to wear leather belts on Yom Kippur?
Asking forgiveness for failures in Kibbud Av V'Em
If there is incliment weather on Yom Kippor may one wear leather shoes to the synogogue?
In Moshiach's times will we fast on Yom Kippur
I accidentally broke my fast on Yom Kippur, now what?
Why does the Machzor Rabba sometimes have an א at the bottom of the page?
When can one "bring in" Yom Kippur?
Eating before davening mincha when one hasn't davened shachris
May I intentionally generate saliva on Yom Kippur
What is the precise difference between Kakatuv and Shene'emar and
Why don't we add in other korbanot on holidays?
What are customs for eruv chatzerot in apartment buildings that also have gentiles as tenants
When Mashiach will come, will we still have the Avoda in the Yom Kippur Mussaf?
How far does dofen akuma stretch?
From whence are the laws of Sukkot derived?
Why must a sukkah have three walls?
Why does רש״י say (שבת דף לז ע״א) stoves were moveable and put on the ground?
Why does שבת דף לז ע״א reject a valid proof?
Aravot for Hoshannah Rabbah in place of ordinary ones?
Is there any point where לשבת יצרה no longer applies?
Where does it say that Sotah never happened?
Is it usury to give a lender more than you borrowed on a Shemittah-cancelled loan?
Does the Date of Sukkot Correspond to Any Particular Event?
Does Satmar have their own form of Chassidus?
Hamelech Hakadosh on Motzei Yom Kippur
Hatzi Kaddish melody using Haftarah nusach
What green plants can I use for s'chach?
Medjool Dates (bugs?)
Why does the Kohen Gadol say "Hashem" rather than the Tetragrammaton
What do I need to know to properly kasher utensils in boiling water?
Are Dunkin Donuts Coolatas kosher?
Plans for building a sukkah shlock
Dating through the Rabbis?
Must the entire decoration be within 4 t'fachim of the schach?
Where on the date palm tree does the lulav come from?
The history of the Parshiot division
Why did the Torah require 7 days for sitting in the Succah but just 1 day for 4 minim?
Why do we not mention Aseres Yemei Teshuvah while bentching?
Why does Nusach Ashkenaz say Ledovid after Maariv?
Why is Rosh Hashana two days in Jerusalem?
Text of Derashos HaRan online
May Sukkah walls be made of living things?
Stealing from a non-Jew is worse than stealing from a Jew
Learning Aderet Eliyahu
L'Hafrish Challah with Dough Made by Multiple Women?
Transferring "kippah clips" between domains on Shabbat, if the clips are sewn to the kippah
Lulav and Sukkah on Shemini Atzeres
Keeping two days of Yom Tov in Israel
What is the source for Rav Soloveitchik's assertion that 1st Century Christians introduced mixed seating for prayers?
On what social issues were the rabbis ahead of their times?
Do you have to believe that someone is Jewish?
The shlock -- halachic considerations
How to assemble the Lulav, Hadas & Arava -- According to the Sephardim Minhagim?
process for Gabbai to call his son to the Torah
Seforim and Books online
How is Rav Feinstein's psak regarding subway travel and the sexes distinguished today by those wanting to sit separately on buses and planes?
Can you build a succah on Sukkot?
'Kashering' a milchig knife to make it parve (using hagalah)
Who is this Gadol?
Where can I find Chumash and Rashi review questions
Transferring discrete "kippah clips" between domains on Shabbat, if the clips are NOT sewn to the kippah
Origin of Unveiling
Don't be ashamed of people
Beam for s'chach with wood glue + embedded screws
Is Building a Succah a mitzva?
What does having a Mehudar Etrog and Lulav mean over just having a kosher set?
Buying pasul arba minim or non-arba minim for your small child
What's the deeper meaning behind Miriam's punishment?
Is it a problem to eat in the succah before Sukkot?
Judenstern (Jeckische Shabbat lamp)
Where to get etrogim in the US after Sukkot
Can you use electricity on Yom Tov
Meaning of סוף (suf) = weed/reed vs edge/end
Can a Ba'al Qeri act as Shaliahh Tzibbur?
In what order should someone face when shaking the lulav?
Timing of saying "Adonai sefatai tiftach" at beginning of Amidah
Did anyone recognize (pray, follow, worship) God between Adam and Avraham?
Was Adam Jewish?
Why is the wording of the beracha upon shaking the arba minim only on lulav?
Forgot leisheiv basucah. Now what?
Wondering about a line in Hoshanot for Shabbat
Keeping a lulav green and moist
Do I need to wear a different tallit katan when I sleep?
Shisha Ve'esrim Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Should a married woman cover her hair in the succah?
Koishele on Lulav
Minhagim for removing tefilin on chol hamoed
Myrtle-Muktza Catch 22
Make a new leisheiv basucah if you go to a different succah?
Can one wet the lulav-towel on yom tov?
What is the exact reason that electrical stunning before shechita is forbidden?
Can I use a Mikvah if I am not Jewish?
Hagbah in a partitioned room
Who was laughing when?
How can i prevent schach from flying off in the wind?
Did Aaron's staff turned into a snake or a crocodile?
Customs for waving arba minim three times in each direction
How much of a gap in schach is acceptable?
Cohanim in Auschwitz
How old is the Earth?
Milah in Hospital
Why is driving on Chol Hamo'ed allowed?
Chabad custom not to have bar mitzva aliya shabbat morning
Which Tzemach Tzedek?
Are prediction markets kosher?
What does the talmud/rabbinic writing have to say about Yeshu ha-Notzri (Jesus)?
How can I identify which dates Jewish holidays/special days fall on?
The word 'Halakhah'
If someone eats in the succah anyways while it's raining, do they need to stay in the kosher part?
How much invalid material invalidates schach?
Eating indoors when it's raining on Sukkos
emailing from israel to diaspora isru chag
Does Judaism appreciate the wanton destruction of idolatry done by Islamic groups?
Trying to be good
Is it permissible for a man to be seen without a shirt?
Why is it permissible to flush a toilet on Shabbat?
Having a girlfriend
How to grow your own aravos
Vernacular Targum in Schul
What is the last day to shake the lulav in Diaspora?
Do you have to finish your food in the sukkah?
Waving the lulav
Designating Muktzeh items before Shabbos/Shabbat for personal use
Torture in Jewish Law Used Against the Enemy
What should you be doing during the repetition of the Amidah?
Disproving Samaritan practices/beliefs?
Why does Chabad do hakafot erev Shemini Atzeret
Kaarite rebuttal of the new testament
What's wrong with Rashi's explanation of Hechsher Mitzvah?
How to go about finding a personal Rav
Is there any halachic basis for beating the aravot on dirt?
Does wa tawrat (ותורת) in Jeremiah 8:8 means torah, namely the 5 books or Moshe?
Proper Hagba Procedure: Text Facing Table?
Do Jews Believe Dinosaurs Lived in the Same Time Period as Humans?
In Beresheit what is the difference between the light in 1:3 and the light in 1:14
Why do we believe that God is all powerful?
Connection between עָרוּם and עֲרוּמִּים
Process by which one changes their name
Multiple Olim for a single Aliyah
What options are there for chanukiah lighting in southern latitudes?
"And it was evening, and it was morning, *one* day"?
Who's מרן and what book is ד״ח in דברי יואל?
What book do these notes synopsize?
How much of the standard תורה service is done on שמחת תורה?
(When) should skipped parts of davening be made up?
Is it permissible to post photos of pages of a siddur (containing YHVH) online?
Saying Kaddish Yatom with Permission from Living Parents
Why do we throw kids in the air on Simchas Torah?
Writing the name of Hashem
Yeshiva Bochurim and Seforim
Tefillin Gassot
What time is sunset?
Why don't we wear tefillin on Yom Tov sheni?
Drinking alcohol during davening
Notched 2x4 for maamid?
Pshat in Pasuk of Velo Yavor
Leaving cities during plagues
Naming after two people
source for a story: man who went to milk a lion
What was Avraham Avinu's mother's name?
Source for Africans being Caananites?
Aseres Yemai Teshuva passages in the Chazzan's repetition
Why did the Dor Hamabul earn a painless death?
Why does belief in Judaism require irrationality?
Simchas torah and drinking
Is a wooden knife מקבל טומאה?
Why don't we say "Misod" for Geshem and Tal?
How do we learn "Taamei HaMitzvos"?
Has Judaism succeeded or failed at being a light unto the nations?
Okay to address a rabbi with "you"?
Why does the Mishnah/Gemara begin with Masekhet Berakhot?
Machlokes Hatanaim when Kriat Shema should be said
Do you have to consider neighbors when building a shul?
The blessing שהחינו‎ for a new wrist watch?
Leaving and coming back while still eating
Big-picture commentary on the siddur
Is there a malach taking care of rain or not?
Does everyone say the piyut addressing Af beri?
is it ok to use the walls of the sukka as a hanger
Shin of tefillin mentioned in the Gemara originally a reference to the division of the compartments of the Shel Rosh?
Did Cain and Hevel have דעת?
How should a shul determine its hashkafa?
Learning while the Chazzan recites piyutim
Meaning of the verses ana hashem hoshia/hatzlicha na?
Sources to encourage returning s'farim to their places
Polite way to break up with a chavrusa?
what Difference between Shamash and eved
Israel Am v.s. Goy
Das Torah regarding taking notes during Shiurim
Can a Shul collect payment from one who does not follow specific rules?
Trying to understand Kol Hanearim
What should a woman think about during candle lighting?
We're not supposed to point at stars?
A theological problem with the Miriam "Magdalene" story in Chagiga 4b
I saw someone claim that, "In Zohar of Pinchos, that an Eishes Ish is לזר מותרת if her husband allows."?
Can a person with a disability that causes them to be incontinent put on tefillin? If so, when?
Why can't one be cured with Asheira wood?
How does the Rambam understand the end of Shir Hashirim?
Should observant Jews travel to areas that are centres for Avodah Zarah (Idol worship)?
What if the Kohen Gadol accidentally kills someone?
Age of Universe and Shabbat
Why not say tachanun until 2 Cheshvan?
Why is there a dagesh in second camocha, but not in first?
Are you allowed to wear old Shabbos clothes during the week?
Books on Politics
A rabbi asked me to light candles before weekday Mincha/Ma'ariv. Is this customary? Is there a bracha?
How to pray for something
Is there really evidence that the Rabbis changed the day's beginning from sunrise to sunset?
Why the difference between Tishrei and Nissan for tachanun?
Why didn't Noach look out the window?
Threatening to sue with no intention to do so
When did people living for 900 years start to look old?
Do all printed kodesh materials require Geniza?
sources that neatness brings brocho/mazal
Concerning the time when Esther must be read
Rambam Kiddush HaChodesh - Chapter Six - halacha 5
scientific transliteration - spelling - pesah vs pesach? (who spells it pessah?)
Drasha Le'Chasuna Le'HaRamban
Significance of Noach's actions upon leaving the ark
Why believe in the revelation at Sinai other than the "Kuzari mesora" argument?
Semicha Testing Info
Trying to understand what Rambam says about duchaning in a minyan of kohanim
Covenant of pieces; cutting
Until what time before sunset (shekiya) can you work Erev Shabbos (Friday)?
Why didn't Terach go to the Land of Canaan?
What if, when the Kohanim washing their hands, less than ten remain?
What are the most active and educational religious podcasts and blogs?
Choosing between forbidden acts?
The hebrew meaning of the name Laila
Bat mitzvah gift from non-Jew
Who are the descendants of King David today?
Why doesn't Rashi accept that the word הקטן simply means the youngest?
Proliferation of species after the flood
Why does Hashem allow Noah et al to eat *all* animals?
How is one allowed to say the word "Hashem"?
Was Cham influenced by the people destroyed in the mabul?
What is the halacha regarding the expulsion of a student deemed a "nuisance student"?
Why the custom at the end of Tashlich to shake off Tzitzis?
halacha of honoring your Wife
Blessings on Birthdays
Forgot atah chonantanu in maariv, but have to say tashlumin
Forgot Atta Chonantanu and haven't said Havdalla yet before davening Shacharis
If meal continued into the night what do I say in benching
Is it permissible to play with cards?
Why doesn't the king of Belah get a name?
Why is there no clear Chabad custom regarding Tzom G'dalya s'lichos: early morning or during shacharis?
What is the difference between curses that would require changing lashon?
Akum, Nochri, and Goy
How to adjust the knot on tefillin shel rosh? (single daled)
How to adjust the knot on tefillin shel rosh? (double daled)
what is love --- Rebbe of Kotzk: "You don't love fish." King Solomon: "Whoever loves silver"
A question about Tefillin and the customs relating to strapping of tefillin
Zohar and the Yetzer Hara
Is there a "5 second rule" for foods becoming non-Kosher?
How do we know that we can interpret the torah non-literally beyond what is found in the talmud?
Can someone follow the opposite minhag on the bracha for matza during the year?
Can a Sukkah be covered with paper?
The earlier an idea in the Torah is presented, the more primary it is
Were there more than just 2 or 7 pairs of animals on Noach's ark?
When was the first Beis Hamikdash built?
How are Jewish cemeteries inaugurated?
Where was Abraham coming from in Genesis 13:9
The name change of the Divrei Chamudos
Are We Not Supposed To Eat Fat?
Mesorah of Rabbeinu Gershom
Why the different wording for the three proofs atop שבת דף מ ע״א?
How could (or why did) Raba follow Rav's stringencies but not his leniencies?
If a Niddah spits on you are you Impure?
What is the Jewish position on aggressive acts of war?
Is there a source where Emuna and Bitachon are described as separate ideas?
Did any of the early Rabbis encounter Mohammed?
How does the oral Torah not contradict Dvarim 4:2?
Tribe Plates on door of Heichal Shlomo
What is the source for untying things before going under the chuppah?
What is Chassidus?
If a Jewish neighbor becomes the subject of a scandal, is it loshon hara to follow it in the press?
Can an oven be kashered without a torch soon after use?
Jewish source for "blood and money don't mix"?
Blatant foreshadowing in the Torah
Is there a requirement to fast if Ebola is reported in the city?
Should a Jew from outside Israel who is visiting Israel for Sukkot eat in the Sukkah on Shemini Atseret?
Why did they cancel the kohein races over an isolated incident?
Avraham's tithe
What happens to the chelev (suet) after the butcher removes it from the animal?
How did Pharaoh know that Sarai was Avram's wife?
Is lying to get someone to stop annoying you allowed?
Can a man fulfill his mitzvah of Talmud Torah through his sons?
Can you say kaddish if some of the 10 people in the minyan are forbidden from answering?
Where in daily prayers do we, or can we, address our personal feelings, towards Hashem?
לָשַׁע the place
Is it possible for mesorah to be discovered?
Where can I find a transliteration of the ketubah text?
Why did Ashkenazi Jews not adopt the custom of reading the Book of Job in synagogue on Tisha B'Av, as Sephardim do?
Microwave oven and goy (me) cooking
Why does this app require me to agree not to use it on Shabbat?
Does Beis Din have the authority to quarantine?
Can you keep a vending machine freebie?
Why are the names of some mitzvos changed to from "al" or "lo" to "bal"
Does halacha forbid profanity?
My obligation to not let other avoid taxes
Measurements for the Bais HaMikdash -- can we do it with a computer?
Biologically, what are sirchos?
Did Noah have grandchildren before the flood?
How should holy objects be buried?
Parents who don't want children to take ma'aser from gift
Saying amen while practicing leining?
Why isn't the bible 100% historically accurate?
Snake lamps on Shabbos?
What is the Orthodox Jewish view of the afterlife?
Did any ancient Jewish writers address the differences in Jeremiah's source texts?
Bereshit 17:1 the age of Avram
Modeh Ani - When to say the blessing
Are Samaritans viewed as adherents of Judaism?
Can one use a sinus rinse on Shabbat / Yom Tov?
practical examples of a grama
Can one carry a child outside an eruv on Shabbat?
Why do pigul, nosar, and tame incur kares?
Should I wake my neighbour who falls asleep in the shiur?
Is is prefered to have the Pasach meal on the first or second night?
I need to become kohen eligible for marriage
Maskilim and Jüdischkeit
Non-observant Jew making kiddush
Can an unknown Reform Jew be counted for a minyan?
Reform Shul- going?
Building the Bais Hamikdash Today
English translation for tzaruch
Have any published sefarim referenced research done on Mi Yodeya?
Could we drive an Ebola patient to quarantine on Shabbos?
Not inquiring into heresy?
Praying for the Moon to "fill the defect"
What happened to Siman 168?
is there a list of mitzvos which show respect?
Why is it important that God created the first pair of tongs?
Shul, Children and Chinuch
What's the Bishul Akum heter for hard-boiled eggs?
Is shaking hands with opposite sex permitted at a business meeting?
Advice for keeping tzitzit away from the toilet
May a halachically 'Jewish' Atheist work as a 'Shabbat goy'?
Are there any Lubavitchers that believe that their Rebbe more than mortal
Shiva Ve'esrim Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Why the wait between God's creation of the tongs to the first metalworker?
Why does the Kohen Gadol need to divorce his wife in such a complicated manner?
What is the source for placing two menorot at the front of the shul, one on either side of the Aron?
Can I trust a random internet user?
Why was the knowledge of good and evil embodied in the fruit of a tree?
Creating a crowd-sourced database of non-dairy OU-D products
Why is Taus Akum Different?
Meaning of "the lame and the blind"
Is cold weather bad for tefillin?
What is this line about Rachel referring to?
What is the rationale to continue saying Yekum Purkan in its present state
If Lev Melech B'yad Hashem, why bother voting?
Does Shmita apply in Jordan?
Recommend introductory resources on Jewish traditions in the Balkans
Did Avraham invite the angels into his house?
Is a machine written sefer torah distinguishable from Machine Matzos
Did Jewish scholars acknowledge/appreciate classical music?
Why is a "classicly" printed Sefer Torah not kosher?
Why did Yaakov only mention sheep dying?
Understanding a Fine Point in the Rambam's Laws of Yibbum
The Origins of the Zohar - Why is it accepted as being true?
This is on the RamBam isurei biah Chapter 15 - Halacha 25...Asufi of possible Gentile lineage?
Kohen-accessible Cenotaph
Is a bracha said when eating non-food items (e.g. paper)?
Source of the term בכתמים שומעין להקל
Genetically Breeding a Parah Aduma
What is the bracha on shechita?
Intentionally using a grace period on a rental
Can tea made without cli shlishi be drunk bdieved?
Can I send something to Israel with a Jew who is flying on shabbat?
Why don't we detail the wine-libations during Mussaf?
Source that Avraham's tent was open on all sides?
Should I alter my schedule to daven Minchah with a minyan?
Are the animals killed for tefillin killed humanely?
A good beginner study Talmud for a student
Is a beracha given in writing effective?
Questions regarding Sarah's denial in Breishit 18:15
Killing animals for tefillin -- how?
minhag means law? when in shulchan aruch
Is a Jew allowed to be annoyed about a minhag?
Did Yitzchak have free will?
Is moving a potted plant with vegetables from the ground to a table change its status as far as Shmita?
Why did the rich Gentile buy a pearl?
Punishment for thoughts
Apple Watch on Shabbat
Is there an orthodox publication of the book(s) of the Maccabees?
Can one be counted in a minyan if one has already davened?
To what extent can a man talk to women?
Does a tea infuser need to be immersed in the mikvah?
Did each tribe of Israel serve a specific purpose?
Explaining Providence and Prayer to Children
Hotels, electronic keys, and shabbat
Kavanah while washing hands
Why is talmud Yerushalmi in Aramaic
Jewish Marriage and Pleasure
Can you do hachnasat orchim with angels?
Would Avraham's tefillah have been necessary to save Sedom?
use the bathroom as a changing room
Destroying fruit-tree to save house
Prayer of Avraham Avinu at Mount Moriah
Jerusalem was only destroyed because of these 8 things - how?
Why did Avraham arrange Yitzchak's marriage?
Who was the mother of Avraham's daughter?
Online דרשות הר"ן in Hebrew block print
Kippah (yarmulke) size
Pointing the pinky at v'zos hatorah
Inserting a paper with one's request in between the stones of the western wall
New Tzurat haDaf
Why Avraham argued with G-d about Sodom but not about his son's sacrifice?
Being able to hear yourself while reading along with the ba'al koreih on Purim
Is there a connection between Hagar's distance and Yishmael's profession?
What to do if you forget Nishmas?
Saying Asher Yatzar if there is no water available
Pray hurriedly as soon as time comes for mincha/maariv arrives or wait but pray with more kavanah
Can a court declare a minor's lulav ownerless? Has one?
Can you give an animal a tranquilizer, and proceed to slaughter it?
Is Jewish -Islamic system intermingling allowed in Judaism?
Where can I find an online copy of ספר החכמה?
What is the throne of glory?
Sh'kiya alarm app (iOS)
Who says Barchu at the end of davening?
Why Mishna Berurah chooses chesronaM with a M in borei nefashos?
Tanach without Christian chapter divisions
Seven compartments of Gehinnom according to Midrash Tehillim
Disagreeing with one's rebbe
What siddur do Open Orthodox people use?
Yom Kippur - Soul or Body
Kashrus Advising agencies
Why does the Talmud use the term רחמנא?
Walking out of shul backwards
Maftir for a mourner
Noach's deluge: local, but referred to as everywhere
May a woman who has had an affair remain married to her husband?
which tanach is the most authoritative
Story of love sick tree
What does Rashi mean by לין שם דבר?
What is considered alone for shma?
Who are the ווינדין whom the Maharil says are the Mitzrim?
What is the significance of the gifts that Eliezer gave to Rivka?
Sforno on the Nachash
Translating an amulet
Minhag Tradition of Ashkenaz
Can we give importance to a person's contributions to one field and ignore those to another?
What defines a loan and interest?
An actual Heter Iska Agreement
What is the importance of the human body after death?
Truth in a vacuum and Emes
Do axes have a symbolic meaning in Tanakh or Jewish mythology?
What "malchus" exists today in America?
What does 'the New Torah' in these medrashim mean?
Why don't we all do Kemach Yashan?
Text based Ritva / Rabeinu Kresscass?
Fourth Graders, Museum and Chillul Hashem
Should I be giving a get to my girlfriends after a breakup?
Contract Law and Intentions
How does Judaism reconcile the prohibition against Moabites/Ammonites joining the congreration and their royal lineage?
Is it forbidden to publish misleading advertising?
How did Achashveirosh have the utensils of the Beit Hamikdash?
Woman Bringing their little girls to shul
Photocopies of R' Moshe's tefillin
How is 'regretting a mitzvah' defined?
Using someone else's employee discount
How do you know when to make Chacham Harazim if you can't count Jews?
What's the youngest that a shochet could be?
What to do with discarded shemittah produce of co-workers
What should be done if the shel rosh first is taken out first?
Loshon hora and Torah lectures
Source for Jewish Chapter breaks in Tanach
Minhag for married women to cover their hair in bed
Minhag to wear wedding ring on the right hand
Is it important to learn Mishnah before Talmud?
Sukkot--Object or place name?
Non-Jew and sick parents
Do you make a bracha achrona if the food you ate was bad?
do I have to eat the leftovers?
Our bodies aren't here for the long haul?
Why does Eliezer change facts in retelling what happened at the well?
Are non-Orthodox marriages recognized by Orthodox rabbis?
Why is the name of Eliezer often missing?
How could Avraham feed his guests milk?
Were some Jews transformed to monkeys for violating the sabbath?
Are civil divorces not recognized by Orthodox rabbis?
Answering "Amen" etc after putting on tefillin shel rosh?
What beracha do sefardim make on pizza?
Why did the people have to respond twice "It is sanctified" when Sanhedrin declared Rosh Hodesh?
Why were leap years decided only by judges and not with the cooperation of witnesses?
How to pronounce "nechamasa" in kaddish?
Yibum and Chalitzah: stringency or leniency?
Who did the Avos give maaser to?
Why was Yitzhak "laughing" with his wife openly?
Operating Cameras on Shabbat
Is a ban on government workers wearing religious symbols a gezeirat hamalchut for which one would be obligated to give up his life?
Tzeddaka when traveling after maariv
Napoléon's Sanhedrin
What's the source for the Challah lasting all week in Sarah's tent?
Since Yitzchok appears to have a doubt about the identity of the person whom he wished to bless, why didn’t he wait and make sure?
Is there another meaning behind the words "Urim Vetumim"?
Are chess pieces with faces on them considered idols?
Why create lust?
Can a public Torah reading be done by repeating words and trope as read by another?
Why put Psalm 130 right before barchu?
Why doesn't this gemara interpret the mishna as meaning they sell it back?
Is boreh nefashot said on hot coffee?
Resolving a dispute where the customer denies that the product is theirs
Yibum & Chalitzah: Questionable hekesh with wife's sister
Why do Beit Shammai and Beit Hillel always argue?
Vien siddur (oberlander)
Yitzchak Avinu and Eretz Yisrael
Davening for the interminably ill
Who was Haman's mother?
Is Bas Kol the heavenly voice always correct and how to identify Bas Kol from evil whispering?
If a convert goes off the derekh, must he go to the mikvah again after he repents?
Which takes precedence - dina d'malchuta or halacha? What about minhag yisrael?
Can demons (shedim) masquerade Bas Kols?
Standard Orthodox Siddur in France
How does the chazzan say "omein" in the kaddish before the Amida in Mincha and Maariv
What is the best way to keep updated with status of hechsheirim in Israel?
Can one do Nisuyin through a shliach?
How to hold your hands during the amidah?
What's the definition of "not now" for priority-of-b'racha purposes?
Ripping out a blade of grass by a funeral?
Why did Yaakov wait to marry?
May we violate Shabbos to administer morphine?
Is "Siman Tov u'Mazal Tov" Halachically problematic?
Examining a old bedikah cloth
What did women have to do with the moon's shrinking?
Can women be motsi Sephardic men in havdalah?
Was a sefer torah ever actually written in Greek?
Who is Shmuel’s father? & Why is he called by his son’s name?
Is there a communal responsibility to ensure that its Torah scholars are dressed and groomed appropriately?
What would have happened if Esav hadn't sold the bechora?
Sous-vide cooking for Shabbat
Where's Rebbi Yehudah HaChassid Buried?
Why are the laws of honoring parents in Hilchos Mamrim?
Excommunication in Judaism
Is there a mention of the Oral Torah in the Written Torah?
Does demolition of terrorists' homes have any basis in Judaism?
Source that Leah was veiled at her wedding?
Stam viYesh Halacha k'.....?
If someone knowingly designates a Korban Mincha with barley, does he offer with wheat?
Why does Rashi offer completely different explanation of אחות נביות and אחות נחשון?
Why is chillul Shabbat considered so wicked?
Is Ber. 26 in the proper chronological place?
Beracha achrona on yogurt?
Do sociopaths/psychopaths lack "דעת" of Good and Evil?
Sources for the halachos of medical emergencies on Shabbos
Passuk-finder application
Where can I find Rabbi Yehuda HaChassid's will online?
How did Rashi know that Ya’akov initially intended to go straight to Haran?
Why is the second batch better quality from the first harvest not fit for the Menorah, but the lesser quality first batch from the third is fit?
How long is לאלתר?
May a non Ethiopian Jew celebrate Sigd?
Why for repetition of Shomne Esray you need only 6 that prayed but 9 that will answer?
Would a Greek sefer torah be read from in Greek?
Praying Mantis (גְמָל שְׁלֹמֹה) and Ladybugs (פָּרַת מֹשֶׁה רַבֵּנוּ), roots in early sources?
Would an abortion invalidate the first living son as a Bechor?
In what case can a wine made from the "Fruit of the Vine" be kosher but not acceptable for kiddush?
How to do kapparos with fish
Christianity as a test for jews
Can we violate Shabbos to inject a vaccine?
Torah and Non-Believers, a/k/a, Scientists and Atheists
How are "Orthoprax" people treated in halacha?
Explaining the N'tziv on "והכנעני אז בארץ"
How to understand Gen. 12:5–6 with Rashi
How can we bring moshiach if no prior generation could?
Why does the posuk emphasise that Lavan was Ya’akov’s uncle?
maaser to your own employer
Which type of kavana is better to have during the shemona esrei?
Kedusha during relations
Which is the 'real' amida for the shliach tzibur?
Are shoes with Velcro straps like shoes with laces or without?
The Chazon Ish's definition of bitachon
Being more stringent than your Rebbe
Hilchos Shabbos audio shiurim online?
What was the ריב"א thinking?
Where did Yitzchok pull out the blessing for Eisav from?
Does salad require al netilat yadayim?
Shiluvim and Ashkenazim
Can I notarize a document?
Licking fingers for Mayim Acharonim?
In contemporary minyanim, can the shaliach tzibur fulfill the mitzvah of tefilah for someone who is listening?
When Yaakov said "whoever stole the idols will not live", was that a curse or vow?
When to answer amen and others and when not to?
Meaning of the phrase "Tzur Chevli B'eit Tzarah" near the end of Adon Olam
Hagahot to Kitzur Yalkut Yosef
May I rely on the shaliach tzibur to fullfill my mitzvah of tefilah, even if I know how to pray?
Which parts of Tachnun to skip
Is Jerusalem worth fighting and dying for in the context of Jewish law?
How does Judaism treat depression?
What is the source of my father's Hebrew name? It is כלאוונא
Does any aspect of the sotah procedure still hold effect today?
Is a sotah woman considered a suicide?
What was the significance of the ram by the Akeida?
Is there any Mikras Gedolos in English?
Can I choose not to violate Shabbos for "pikuach nefesh"?
May Conversative man "up-convert" to marry Orthodox girl?
Doesn't Yaakov have רוח הקודש
Is un-pedigreed Jew assumed mamser for marrage to Orthodox girl even after he becomes Orthodox?
Are the calculations of the Molad mentioned by Ramba"m based on constant or variable (seasonal) figures?
Shemot 3:12 v.s. covenant with Avraham
what is the source of reciting ledovid boruch
Bracha over Shelter
Why is it repeating something that's already known?
If a Cohen slept with non-Jews, may he marry a Jewish woman who has done the same?
What to do if you made hamotze on something requiring mezonot?
Is "pikuach nefesh" on shabbos "hutrah" or "dichuya"?
Do i have a responsibility to report users breaking the rules?
Where did the Vilna Gaon praise remaining silent?
Is there a shatnez concern with cheap unlabeled thread in sewing kits?
Where is it taught that Hashem doesn't give a person test that he can't overcome?
Source for dirt of a mitzvah is good
Rashi Shemos 14:4 seems to contradict later experience in the Midbar
Rav Shlomo Wolbe and children
How is it possible to have machlokot in very basic issues of the halacha
Where is it taught that you can't sleep with socks
Source for guest bed in Sedom as a parable for education
Who hechshers P'til Tekhelet?
Notable Rabbanim and Thanksgiving
discrepancy between parashat emor and yechezkel regarding if it is possible for a kohen to be mitame for a spouse
Why all the talk about colored sheep and goats?
Why is it called parshas Chayei Sarah
How good was Yaakov's trickery?
Having guests for a Friday mid-day or afternoon meal?
Clarifications on Faith
How to check blood sugar on Shabbos
How does one become a Mohel?
Rav Moshe and Giving Your Time for Charity
May one complain to G-d?
Men: how do you control your reactions to women in immodest dress if you can't avoid them?
Where does this midrash (for Vayetze) come from?
Can a magician cast a spell in water?
how is a Jewish war leader dedicated?
Should Ya'akov have married Rachel?
Is it OK to compose a song that breaks up a pasuk?
Origin of the common M'chalkel niggun
Does the "mezakeh" need to know that he's using "zachin," for it to work?
What are "the tokens of virginity"?
Why is Yaakov later willing to say אלוהי יצחק?
On the nature of 'Olam HaBa'
Shemos Tattoos?
Difference between the RamBam and Talmud Kiddushin 82a in list of jobs that posul a King/High Priest?
Gad, Asher, and Dinah: absolutely, totally, and in all other ways inconceivable?
Are there any Jewish groups that check for a newly married woman's virginity?
Why "בְּנֵי עַמּוֹן"?
Must we wear white clothes?
Halachic opinions on tefillin peshutim
Why is Yaakov calling Esau "Master"?
Can one be a Kohen without being Jewish?
Bread with fruit baked into it
Can songs use the words from pesukim?
Is da'as torah a natural process or supernatural?
Why no Chazaras HaShatz at Maariv
Learning laws of aveilut when your parents are alive?
How to prevent tangling of tefilin and talit
Talmud citations in order of pasuk
Liquid soap on Shabbos
Are there any pranks in the talmud?
Descrating one Shabbat for many
Good vs. Evil (wrong)
Underground crypts for burial
Does killing a pest make a person unclean?
What does a marriage proposal look like?
Has there been a discussion of changing the maximum height in halacha?
What did they do for shiurim before modern measurements?
Can one, under any condition, shower using hot water on the Shabbat?
Does a sotah make a bracha?
Who is the nation/kingship of Edom?
Drinking from a water fountain on Shabbos
Time limit on making a Siyum
Where can I find a machzor for people who aren't fluent in prayer?
First use of the term "Taharat HaMischpacha "
Why was building the foundation of the second temple so emotional?
When and why did the custom that a Nidda hides from the public that she is a Nidda start
What was the anti-CRC ruling?
What is the leading foot for stepping back before reciting Shemoneh Esrei?
What is the most common way of indicating qere/kethib in the biblical text?
Is someone killed by force called Kiddush Hashem?
Why did Yaakov send only animals to Esav?
Easy/pretty way to typeset Hebrew with Te'amim
Is there anything wrong with inviting friends to a bris?
Western Ashkenaz Mishnah Berurah
Do people still celebrate "Frankfurt Purim"?
Birchas Kohanim if a non-Jew is present
Does loose leaf tea need a hechsher?
Alternative Approaches to Prophetic Follow Through
What happens if the Kohen Gadol is replaced while someone is in the Ir Miklat?
"And Yisrael heard" -- and immediately we start counting sons, without a pasuk break. Why?
How to express thanks for G-d's salvation when others weren't as fortunate
Saying kaddish when davening in a minyan that isn't your nusach
Is it permissible to shave for business purposes after Shiva but during shloshim?
Immodesty in artificial pictures
Does the idea of Moshiach ben Yosef negate the anti missionary argument against the second coming?
chosson, kallah and yichud room
Does flavored yogurt get its own blessing during a meal?
Choreography of Kaddish
Davening maariv occasionally without minyan
Why does Yaakov mention the two camps to Hashem?
Yaakov asking for the angel's name
"Lamah zeh tish'al l'shmi" -- zeh shmi
Source for eulogy of lost bookcases
What are the three Terumots?
Gender in Vayishlach 33:6-7
How do you look into a Pesach program?
Looking for a Niddah Calendar calculator
What are the chief sources for requiring Jews to litigate in a beis din rather than in a civil court?
To what grains do the laws of yoshon apply?
Why does the Chatima of a bracha not have malchut?
What if a statement is vocalized as a question?
Where does throwing apples comes from
Comprehensive treatments of the prohibition of bribery
Search program for seforim in Chrome OS
Who is דישון? Contradiction in 2 verses
Why are the sons of Dishohn listed twice?
Meaning of מעשה אבות סימן לבנים
Justification for Killing all of Shechem
Recipients of Maaser Money
Lying to customer service
Paternity of Peretz, with regards to Yehudah's act of "Yibbum"
What did medieval rabbis like Maimonides write, generically? What do modern rabbis write?
Where does Kugelach come from?
Does Judaism allow Jews to read the Quran?
Women using tampons before marriage
"Jewish Philosophy" defined by halacha
What's the point of a מתורגמן if he doesn't speak louder than the original person?
How to celebrate conversion?
KosherLamp closed by window (Moris Ayin?)
Why mention the ger in Lev 19:10, 23:22?
Re-explaining parshanut when the explanation is given
Origin of Chabad tefillin
Killing gentile under threat of death
Where (in Talmud) does it say that people can see others' faults, but not their own?
What does the saying "like a blind man in a sky light" (כסומא בארובה) indicate?
Calling the Chatan Torah "רבי"
How to not believe slander
'Converting' or switching from Ashkenaz to Sepharadic traditions
How to explain to friends/family that one will not attend an intermarriage
Hebrew Calender API/Library in PHP or Javascript to add days, month or years to Julian date
Is there a reason to cover your yawn?
Avodah Zarah 2b - about gold and silver
Do any commentaries explain the charade that Yosef put the brothers through as done with bad intention?
Why doesn't dam chimud (seeing each other at the wedding) ban relations the first night?
Did the inhabitants of Shechem convert to Judaism?
Joseph's name doesnt seem so meaningful, Why?
Who wrote "the traditional Conservative melody" to Adon Olam?
Lubavitch and Geocentricism
Permissible to consume something from milk dishes while still fleishig
school tuition and being an Oni
Are there any frum comic books?
Why was the oil in the temple tamei at all?
Stealing something that could be considered offensive
What was the main job duty of Sar Hatabahim?
How can a parah adumah be validated?
Is it mutar to walk over the George Washington Bridge on shabbos?
Returning from hospital on Shabbos if it is beyond the Techum
Where is the Yabbok crossing?
Are there any safrut teachers in Boston?
What is a "royal language"?
What's a musar vaad and why is it called that?
Does a teacher have to ask forgiveness for embarrassing a student after scolding him?
Why did the brothers go from Shechem to Dosan?
Are there Ribbis implications in this transaction and what are they?
Why was Yosef, and not Binyamin, the favored son?
Why do the mothers break the plate?
Is there "stam yeinam" with wine from a monotheistic gentile? (eg Muslim)
Understanding Tamar's plan
How often and for how long should one pray for a sick person?
The butcher in Pharaoh's "jail"
Writing the name chaya
Can you identify this Nusakh of Tehillim?
Is there a concern of Shaatnez with New Era hats?
How far can I back up in a bracha?
Understanding the cherem to tell Yaakov that Yosef was alive
Where does R' Ovadia Yosef write that women can contribute towards a Minyan for lighting the Menorah?
Do women need to cover their hair if they have had children without being married?
Making restitution for a "missing" ox: a question on the Mishna
Do those who do become religious after a divorce need to cover their hair (women) or wear a tallis (men)?
What if I've sabotaged my Chanukah candles?
How can an 'Eved own an 'Eved?
The Tabernacle/day of Atonment
Can you say berachot in your underwear?
Was Zerach really the first born?
Front tzitzit in back?
Is it acceptable under kashrut to eat tyrannosauridae meat?
Why isn't it considered idol worship to give respect to the torah?
Why is the wording "הערים האל" used? (Deut 4:42)
Are mouse-deer kosher?
*Asher Bamayim* (אשר במים) in kashrus halacha
Just how overpriced was Efron's burial cave anyway?
Making Sushi on Shabbos
*Of* (עוֹף) in kashrus halacha
Did Achashverosh (or his court) know that Mordechai was Esther's relative?
*Tzomeach* (צוֹמֵחַ) in kashrus halacha
Best way to wrap retzuot around battim?
Reading Tehillim on Klaf
What defines a "בהמה" (also "חיה") for the application of kosher-animal indicators?
Violating Shabbos for a suicide emergency
What's the law of Bittul and powdered milk?
Why didn't Yaakov divorce Leah?
Why didn't Rochel just destroy the idols?
Medical treatment for pregnant woman that jeopardises pregnancy
Are you yotzei yedei chovah if you forgot to bow during shemoneh esrei?
Have to repeat shmoneh esrei on motze'i Shabbat. Say "ata chonantanu" again?
Should a bracha be made on stolen food?
Is Julia Donaldson's "a squash and a squeeze" based on a Jewish source?
is woman yoga (exercise) in shul ok
Abel was a shepherd, wasn't it a crime?
G-d and the serpent, what happened?
What prevented the antediluvian humanity from using ships against the Flood?
Is there a custom to use beeswax candles for Hannukah?
Is one allowed to kill false witnesses to his own capital crime?
Age range of meisei midbar
Should one make a bracha on food if only a child is eating?
What is the shiur Hanaah?
Why didn't Rivka summon Yaakov?
Why was Eisav approaching?
Jewish Souls and Gentile Souls
Why put water into the havdallah wine?
What's unique about the book Eglei Tal?
How to reconcile a sod the conflicts with the peshat?
Can we really bind people to social contracts?
Any recommendations to help learn a Tosfot in Bava Batra?
If a nations laws are immoral in the face of Torah laws, are we still obligated to abide by them?
Non-Jewish Mysticism
Making a bracha on food which is normally assur, but allowed due to pikuach nefesh
Dikduk Q: Rashi and Ibn Ezra on the Sar Hamashkim
What happens if a sefer torah might have a mistake?
Did the brothers know about the snakes and scorpions in the pit?
Theological Justification for Discrimination against Sephardim?
Significance of "Shema Yisrael"
What if you miss the bracha on shechita?
Is there a Jewish tradition according to which each creative day was 7000 years?
Mental Disability and Exemption from Mitzvot
Where in US can someone go for sanctuary to repent for their intermarriage?
Is there a problem 'wearing' a virtual Saint Lucia hat?
Wordplay concerning the Ayin and the Aleph in Gemara
Is there anything wrong with messing with the rules of Dreidel?
Shemona Ve'esrim Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
How does one implement "zachin leadam shelo befanav" to give a gift on Shabbat?
Nusach of the Satmar Siddur
Why does the language in the 13 Midot of Drasha shift?
Why do we greatly honor the Davidic line of kings?
The importance of having a Rebbe for non-halachic subjects
Is it possible to get a copy of the Dead Sea Scrolls texts?
Can we use hair clippers?
Kiddush in Schul on Yom-Tov
Flying During Channukah Candle Lighting
Understanding the incident with Goliat
Pikuach Nefesh and different levels of Halacha
How could the people who just heard God's voice and seen open miracles, rebel?
I would like to see an actual Vilna Shas
Who wrote the Ritva on Gittin?
Does a Sefardi Yeshiva Bachur need to light his own Chanukkiyah?
What does it mean that Hashem plays with the Leviatan?
Is it true one shouldn't listen to music whilst falling asleep?
Does a Shomer help for Eating before Lighting?
Tish'a Ve'esrim Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Why was Pharaoh displeased?
Which model of Slow Cooker is kosher for Shabbat use?
Three days through/in the wilderness: to where?
Was Moshe decieving Pharoh, or was the original "Exodus" from Egypt meant to be temporary?
The opinion that microwaves don't need to be kashered
Is it true that it is 'Hiddur Mitzvah' to have the Hanukkah lights stay lit for longer?
Is this Kippa clip muktzeh?
ﷲ (Allah) as a shem
What does "Aman deAmar" mean?
What does the word Dochak mean?
Can we use nail-clippers to shave?
Yarmulke fell off outside of the eiruv?
What means Akdama, Osafa and Yetama?
How to carry something with a shinuy
Are the letters on a dreidel supposed to be in any particular order?
Where are the lost tribes?
jewish in secret or martyrdom?
Christmas and Ex-mas
In what sense is Hanukkah "a Yom Tov like other yamim tovim"?
Why is it called "Eden"?
Does flavored dental floss need a hechsher?
What mean the words Girsha and Mochel?
Where can I get this tallit?
Sources about learning to defend oneself
Why study non-practical tractates of Talmud?
Medicinal etc. Sections of Talmud
When Eidim Zomemim are found guilty who do they pay if it was a monetary case?
Should the menorah be empty between lightings?
Are Noahides obligated in the commandment of Yibum?
Is it permitted to face a Chanukiah when davenning?
Should we say Leelou Nishmat ou Leelou Nishmata for a deceased woman?
Aiding what you consider sin but he doesn't
How to light when getting married on a night of Chanuka
What side is a newborn supposed to nurse from first?
Adam and the tree of life?
Why can't someone who can read check the Sefer Torah?
Looking for a particular idea from Reb Yonason Eibshitz
Why can men wear pants if pants are immodest?
Chronology of Shofetim
In which language is written the R' Hillel Lichtenstein's sefer Eth Laasot?
What mean Cholek, Chozer, modey and Gozer?
Rabi Yochanan Ben Zakai, or Josephus?
If I said the blessings over already lit candles, have I fulfilled my hannukah mitzvah?
Sheloshim Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Can you use a stolen menorah?
Can conversion be revoked?
Chanuka candles if missed the night
May I temporarily enslave myself, to avoid missing a positive time-bound commandment?
Maaser on post-tax contributions to retirement accounts
What mean "peley" and "nava mina"?
Can one buy a slave nowadays?
Variations on Al Hanisim
Can you omit wearing a yarmulka for a job interview?
How big can a chanukia get?
Why does G-d say He will destroy the Bnei Yisroel after the episode with the spies?
Singular and plural in Maoz Tzur
How often does Addar II happen?
When Moshiach arrives, will each individual Jewish person have their own personal allotment of land?
Cooking nat-bar-nat food in an opposite-type pot
Why a different list and different order in על הנסים and in הנרות הללו?‎
On Shabbat, if one can't sleep, may one consume valerian tea? Valerian root powder? Other non-prescription remedies?
Enslavement to mekarev the intermarried
So who is this "angel of the Lord" that call himself "the God of Bethel"?
What do other Chassidic groups say about the Baal Shem Tov's meeting with Moshiach?
Homebrewer then converts; are there leniencies that allow him to drink the beer he made?
Did Prof. Rabbi Umberto Cassuto have any insight behind the biblical character Yehudah?
Is there a halachic problem with saying "Christ" as a name?
What may a menorah look like?
What makes something a chag or not?
May a chanuka menorah be any shape?
Is glazed porcelain considered earthenware or glass for building menorahs?
May Jews create sculpture, and under what restrictions?
Identity of the Serpent
Ruach haKodesh and Shekinah?
Where do Jews believe The Quran came from?
Is there a problem with two people lighting a double chanukiah?
How could the Kohen Gadol see when he went in the Holy of Holies?
What's the point of a haftorah for Miketz if it's always Shabbat Chanukah?
What did Nadav and Avihu do wrong?
What happened to Korach's third co-conspirator?
What did Levites do before they turned 30?
Yichud in a car?
closing car doors on shabbos
cleaning smooth shiny surfaces on shabbos
infallible reasoning for believing in a god that created and runs the world
Washing after the bathroom from a running faucet -- any point?
Stations of the Exodus far into Canaan
What was the volume of oil for one day's lighting of the Menorah?
Do I need a menorah?
What is the Jewish view on Adam's footprint in Sri Lanka?
Why does R. Nachman b. Yitzchak say a blessing, and why does the Bavli include it? (שבת דף מו)‎
How is the sex of a baby born with unclear genitalia determined?
If צאת is late, then פלג is late. When does one light the מנורה on Friday?
Why entrap B'rurya?
Siding with your father in an argument between parents
How could the brothers drink with Yosef?
Bentching in a different place than where you started eating
How long do you really need to keep your sideburns?
How are we to understand Lurianic Kabbalah?
Why did God make such a vast, expansive universe?
The brothers telling Yosef about Yosef
How long was Shimon in prison?
French Minhagim
Does eating non-kosher meat incur the punishment of Kareth?
What is the valley of deep darkness (or shadow of death) in Psalm 23?
Is modern-day Lebanon considered part of Eretz Yisrael?
May Jews sell wine to Christians for them to use in their religious ceremonies?
Was the Mishkan in Shiloh destroyed?
If the majority of organic and/or free range eggs contain blood spots, why are they certified kosher?
Why Does the Rambam Assert That It Took Eight Days To Obtain Pure Oil?
How many years before Yakov did Rochel die?
Assuming Christianity is Avodah Zarah (RamBam), can I get my car fixed by a gentile right before/during Nittle Nacht?
Could the minhag of lighting menorah in Shuls have developed from when guests would stay in Shul?
Early descriptions of the Foundation Stone
Can one use Chanukkah lights/candles for a mitzvah?
(Online) Hebrew Babylonian Talmud
Whence the minhag to light in shul by day?
What to do in a case of no siddur available and additions to the Shemoneh Esrei?
May my wife wear my jacket to keep warm?
Practically speaking, how should I cover my hair?
Should I close my eyes for the shmona esrei or look in the siddur?
What didn't Ya'akov believe when his sons told him that Yosef was alive?
Why does the Torah specify only that Le'ah's children were born in Paddan Aram?
May Kohanim visit Hayden Planetarium in NYC?
Specific writings of the Vilna Gaon
Why did Yosef cause so much anguish to his family?
Berur halachah - what is this called in English?
Containers and wine
Why say Adam listened to Eve if she merely gave him fruit?
How is Qi viewed in Judaism?
Do brachos on seeing have to be made within four amos?
What is parshanut theory?
Family Heirloom Sefer
Does a meis mitzvah acquire the land he's on even in the Temple?
Why is the kallah's home referred to as beit nashe?
Mi-Shebeirach for Shabbat musaf starting point
What are the origins of Qayin?
Different Versions of Haneirot Hallalu
Is human placenta kosher?
Difference between books called "Shulchan Aruch"
Learning Torah on Christmas
What are clear and concise translations of the various meanings of "Ruach HaKodesh" in English?
Menorah 20 Amos above ground level
Sigd prostration
Taking off a hat cover before praying
Paro enslaved Yisrael but they kept the good land -- was that normal?
What primacy to give to learning halacha?
Using Ethiopian oral law to resolve machloket
Can a person (or cat) be both alive and dead at the same time? (Schrödinger's paradox)
Does anyone hold that you could be "masneh al mah shekasuv baTorah" in all cases?
Chanukah Bushes?
Passing gas while listening to a Jewish song
Cannibalism, Jew or Gentile?
Asking A Gentile To Perform Safeq Melakhah
Can one light a Chanuka Menora using fiberglass wicks
Are you allowed to take pills with gelatin
How do you avoid 'al tiftah peh l'satan'?
Were Shmouel and Rav members of the Beth Hillel or the Beth Shammai?
Lighting the Chanuka menorah in my moving trailer
Why is sleeping with shoes on a taste of death?
Berachot before/after Shema in Berachot 2a
Is the mourning for a late relative dependent on the state of their relationship before death?
What can I do if I don't have a Chanuka menorah?
Menorah with uneven spacing
Is there a problem with saying "for Pete's sake"?
How can the Gemara bring a proof supporting רבינו from רבי אבא?
Getting in the way of a zealot
How do we respond to the argument of "stupid design"?
Playing music in the car with the windows open
Can I use the Flavia coffee machine in my workplace?
Why is the Miracle of Oil mentioned so much later than records of Chanukah celebrations?
How much foreskin remaining by a bris is too much?
Where can I find the minhagim of Algeria?
Is one allowed to bid on a house if he knows another Jew has already made an offer?
Is it permissible to say "Shabbos/Shabbat" in the bathroom?
Is a homosexual male obligated to try everything to change his orientation?
Is it a mitzvah to help a traveller to another community fulfill his minhag?
What does למען mean in Tanach?
Did HaShem forget Chava in the creation?
What exactly was Adam and Chava's sin?
How to bentch in a hotel room/vacation house?
When ended Beth Shammai?
How old were Perez and his sons when they went down to Egypt? Is he the only one of his generation to enter Egypt with progeny?
Until or even down to the Tenth Generation
How did 70 souls give birth to millions in a few generations?
Can I use a cutlass for a shechita knife?
Why חלפות (=malei) and then חלפת (=chaser)?
If Jacob's arrival in Egypt ended the famine there, why was there famine in Canaan while he was still there?
Rabbi Akiva seeing Bar Kochba sleeping on his back?
Why do all our fast days revolve around the Beis Hamikdash?
Which Beis Hamikdash are we mourning?
Why didn't Yaakov go to Egypt with his sons to get food?
Ancient Triennial Cycle Today
source of the chasidic custom not to say tachnun on yahrzeit
Is investing problematic?
Fasting on shabbas 10 Teves
Tevilat keilim 101: I have these new dishes; now what?
reading secular lecture or knowledge
Dishes were used without tevilat keilim; can one just do tevila now or is something else needed?
Source of various versions of Haamek Davar
How does "וירא א׳ את האור כי טוב" imply goodness per se?
Is there a penalty under the law for attempted adultery?
Proof that Hashem recreates the world every day
Italian cantillation
What is the source for R' Meir and R'Elazar Beth Shammai membership?
Who is the author of the notes Bechor Shor on Kidushin?
Where does the Maharsha mention the Bermuda Triangle?
are you obligated to give testimony if you know you are pasul l'eidus?
Echad Ushloshim Ushlosh Meyot - mi yodeya?
Should single men not sit at corner of the table?
Where can I find audio-book sefarim?
Where can I find "Mishnas Pikuach Nefesh"?
Where can I find an Android siddur with adjustable font size?
What if one is served a shmita product that is not shmita kosher? Eat it or throw it?
Is a Reform convert considered not-Jewish or safek Jewish?
How do we logically know that there are not 2 Gods (according to the Chovos HaLevavos)?
Wait 6 hours after milk?
Whatever happened to plumbas?
Requirement to Divorce an Infertile Wife or Marry a Second Wife
Eliyahu HaNavi and bris
Punishing the diligent niddah
Is "peru eruvu" a mitzva that means to specifically include a male and female child?
baby crying at the time of mila is an עת רצון
New Year Eve Fireworks
What does the Ritva hold about טלי קידושיך מעל גבי קרקע?
What's the source for the line "Nebach an Apikoirus"?
Self-defense in a street fight?
Do you have to be able to see to do shechita?
May a person with a nature of getting angry be a dayan?
Issues of lifnei iver with an inaccurate clock
Time of minchah without an appropriate place
Morning blessings when going back to sleep
What happens if a non-Jew uses a mikvah?
Is a Gentile allowed to store his/her chometz in your fridge during Pesach?
Can you buy chametz from a store whose owner profited from items sold during Pesach?
What is the Shabbos Shacharit Prayer Order? (For Nusach HaAri ideally)
How Do You Conceal The Blue Stripes of the Small Tallis Under Your Shirt?
Saving an innocent person from being wrongly executed by a Beis Din
What are the five levels of Neshama according to the Zohar?
How far must a publisher go to mitigate possible lashon hara?
Milk-free cheese: Is it kosher? Parve?
Experience-based advice on using a Shabbat water heater controller?
Timeline of the frequency of Bedikos
(Tefach) Wide Gartel
Source for gemarah about Rav Shimon bar Yochai's grandson?
married couples never sleeping in the same bed
Does a detached binding of a sefer get stacked in the same position?
Prishus in Jewish Marriage
How is Sefer Yeshayahu structured?
Of what would Yosef been suspect in Ya'akov's eyes (Rashi on Breishit 50:16)?
Was the Golden Calf associated with a particular deity?
Ring and kiddushin
The משלח is dead, long live the משלח!
Does Jacob's Well in present-day Nablus/Shechem have a Jewish tradition associated with it?
Tovel a dish used only occasionally for food use
Marriage: invalidity versus prohibition
What is significant about nakedness in Bereishit?
Online classes on Moreh Nevuchim in English?
From where do we know that sexual intercourse with a non-jewish woman is forbidden?
Is it ok to celebrate New Years Eve?
Using an electric hand dryer after netilas yadayim
Why did the Lubavitcher Rebbe give out dollars?
Is the pop-up trimmer on the back of an electric rotary shaver okay to use?
How is drinking the golden-calf water a sotah-like test?
Is secular New Year tree considered OK?
What is the the amount a person who feels weak on a fast day could eat or drink?
Are two children from different mothers but the same gentile father considered sibilings?
Dilemma for Jewish Scientists
Two brachos one mikvah
Do you say "keli" or "kelim" for safek kelim together with one non safek keli?
Does porcelain require immersion in the mikvah?
Poskening Leniently
Elihu (who helped Job) is Yitzhak?
Why are the laws of niddah called "tohoras mishpacha" - "family purity"
What is the difference between the Zohar Hakadosh, the Tikounei Zohar and the Zohar Hadash?
Rinse with baking soda and water on Shabbos?
Who wrote the Zohar Haddash?
When do we append "ימח שמו וזכרו" to the name of an evil person
Is going on a pre-marriage 'stag' problematic
Following more lenient opinions for fasting times
Is the Fast of Tevet considered a 24 hour fast?
k'riah at the funeral of an adoptive parent
Why is it often Claimed a Forced Get is Invalid?
What can you look for to ensure that a vegan restaurant is Kosher?
Shadchanus in a broken engagement
Smart thermostat on Shabbos - what should one do?
Is listening to Music on the fast of Asarah BeTevet permitted?
Why do books say "ספר" on them?
Contact lenses during conversion immersion
How big can insects be before falling into kashrut halacha?
When is Fixed Interest Allowed?
what is the mother's obligation to raise children (if she is not obligated to educate (chinuch) them)
What activities (other than eating and drinking) are forbidden on minor fasts?
Does the Biblical prohibition against writing on Shabbat apply to nonsense as well?
Who has a toiveling service in Los Angeles?
Candles by the amud
Is there an obligation to reattach a severed body part?
Usage of the term Baali
Does a Jewish grandmother (mother's side) really get one accepted as a Jew?
Confused on Nahor and Haran
Non-statutory Torah service
If one gives a food gift on Shabbos, does the one who receives it need to use it on Shabbos?
Eating in a non-kosher household
May I place a towel on the food that's on the platta on Shabbos?
If the Torah says that Yaakov was blind, how could he see Yosef's sons?
Torah provision for Jews who can not be in Israel during feasts?
What to do when making a siyum
smelling the extinguished havdalah candle
Shochtim who learned from translated materials
Can a mourner/avel learn Torah on Shabbat?
Halachik issues with SodaStream and similar sodamakers on Shabbos (e.g. molid, hashmaas kol)
Can the Mishnah be interpreted according to both peshat and drash?
The age of Machir's Sons
What "end" was Yaakov prevented from revealing, and to what extent does S'forno disagree?
Is it mutar to kill a gentile to save one's life?
How many times do women say Kaddish in shul?
Chol-Kreisch Ceremony
Maharal Diskin on Sefer Devarim
Did the Lubavitcher Rebbe ever state why he didn't visit Israel?
How and when did fedoras arise as acceptable headwear?
Sefas Emes and your mission
How did Moshe know he was Jewish?
What is considered to be "firstborn"?
What's wrong with singing together?
Ramban and the generations
"May God make you like Ephraim and like Manasseh" -- in what way?
Objective reasoning beyond feelings
The Alshich HaKodosh and temporal
After cutting my hair, how many times must I wash my hands?
Rav Chaim Friedlander and Avos
Source for statement that we don't know how to rebuke today
Being appointed to a jury in a case between two Jews
Is highlighting text and writing in the siddur OK?
Can one practice saying Kaddish by oneself, for educational purposes?
What is the oldest work to incorporate an acrostic of shem Havaya in the opening?
What are the origins of the תושלב"ע prayer at the end of holy books?
Tallit Katan Length Question
Why didn't the Israelites fight against being enslaved?
Wrapping the shel yad: no shin on the hand
Tefillin as an Ot
The concept of the "Tzadik" in Chasidut
What sort of challenges can one expect to see after choosing to become a full time learner if starting out later in life?
Testing Hashem (for Monetary Gain)
What was the value of the Rishonim's philosophical inquiries about God and the world?
Why did Yaakov Avinu tell Yosef to place his hand by his thigh?
how do i know if a midrash is an allegory
Experimental drug testing (e.g. for cancer)
Why is Moshe's family unnamed at first?
Precedent for Forbidding Conversion
Did Jewish Men Always Have Beards Throughout History
Questions on Breshit 50:8 - Who went to Ya'akov's funeral?
Why is שלחה used as a masculine word?
Different variations of forgiveness?
What was Moshe's original name?
Mah inyan Shmita eitzel the price of tea in China?
Shirts that accommodate the shel yad
Recomendation for Good Books To Read to a 2-Year-Old Child
Are there any studies that compare Biblical Hebrew to modern Hebrew?
How was kosher cheese made before artificial rennet?
Where is the story about Elazar ben Durdayah and the harlot?
How would worshiping G-d at Mt. Sinai be proof that G-d sent Moshe as a messenger?
Elazar ben durdayah and the Metaphors
What name of G-d was Moshe supposed to relay to B'nai Yisra'el?
Bar Mitzvah Meal Before Becoming 13
Why is "בבהילו יצאנו ממצרים" a mix of two paraphrases?
Prayer and the Noahide/Gentile
Who wrote the "pirush" on the book of Mada of the rambam
Gedolim and Sever Panim Yafos
Heter mechira abroad
What is השמעת קול about?
How did Jerusalem get bigger without the Sanhedrin?
Kasher a liver or unsalted meat
Gathering my own rainwater to tovel
Are there rules on what are the correct vowels
What are the restrictions on electronic commerce during the sabbath?
"B'rachamav yaaseh shalom" - origin?
What is/are the Halachic standard(s) of proof
Explanation of the midrash of the Donkey of moshe
Should a non-Orthodox Jew wear tzitzit or not?
Why didn't the Israelites build Yechezkel's temple when they returned from exile?
Moshe and the Egyptian - Justifiable Homicide?
What did the Arizal's contemporaries write about him?
Seven months pregnancy
One's Jewish Birthday in Judaism
Sons of a female convert and yibum?
What exactly are they saying during a Sephardic lilililili?
Value of Forgotten Torah
Why is every 3rd plague (of the 10 brought on Pharoah) unannounced?
What are Orthodox arguments against Conservative Judaism?
Linking Vatimalei ha'aretz
Skipping "Elokeinu" in zimmun
Jean Valjean and Halacha
How should an Orthodox Jew respond to questioning by Conservative/Reform Jews?
Is it customary to bring gifts to an upsherin?
What is shiduchim?
Who Is Rabbi Eliezer Yosef ben Rabbi Yitzchak HaLevi Letterberg לטרברג?
The "nu" clause
Waving at a security camera on Shabbat
Everything is in the Torah
Rising when saying Elokeinu in a zimmun
Is the Kabbalah Center kosher?
"There is no question in the world whose answer cannot be found in Torah"
Moshe killing the Egyptian
Reform/Liberal Burials
Kashering enamel-ware
Can an Orthodox Jew go to a reform burial?
Why specify the wind as the force for Hashem's miracles?
Wedding invitation Hebrew abbreviation
What Bracha acharona on .5 kezayit of grapes eaten together with .5 kezayit of mezonot crackers?
Why are crocodiles more deadly than all wild beasts?
What Have Modern Posqim said about Nuclear Weapons?
How to make a koishele?
Is there still a mesora on how to write the Torah in Greek?
Is bentching with a minyan considered a davar shebikdusha?
Is one allowed to become a Talmid HaRambam?
First Rights for Kohanim
