Dialects of Spanish & Learning
How can I learn all the rules and exceptions about the Vowel Reduction in Russian?
Evidence that the European Day of Languages motivates EU citizens to learn foreign languages?
At what level of Chinese or Japanese should one start learning the writing system to avoid a plateau?
Are there any studies showing that absolute pitch affects second language acquisition?
Learning L3 through L1, L2 or L1+L2?
How can flashcards be made using only the target language?
Are there any studies on the propaedeutic value of international auxiliary languages other than Esperanto?
Are there studies showing that learning an L2 makes it easier to learn an L3?
Is there reliable data for the success rates of different methods of learning/reviewing vocabulary?
Are there any studies on what motivates people to learn international auxiliary languages such as Esperanto, Interlingua and Afrihili?
Are there any studies on what motivates people to learn artistic languages such as Klingon, Dothraki and the Middle-earth languages?
Is it possible to learn many languages at the same time and become fluent in all of them?
How to manage learning many languages at the same time?
Can reading aloud be an alternative to practicing speaking skills with other people?
What skills does reading aloud improve?
Efficient techniques to use songs to learn and retain vocabulary
Learn languages by memorizing rhymed poems
How to choose an easy language to learn based on the languages that I already speak
How did Cardinal Mezzofanti learn foreign languages?
Are there any web sites that connect language learners for conversation practice?
Is it beneficial to learn vocabulary by words by lexical class?
What do we call reading a word incorrectly as a related word?
How useful is it to study Chinese using Duolingo's English for Chinese speakers course?
How to use subtitles most effectvely?
Is there a web site for minimal pairs in arbitrary languages?
Additional sentences for language deconstruction (CEFR levels A1-A2)?
Are there any tests or certifications in Old English or Middle English?
Are minimal pairs for learners of a given L2 independent of their L1?
Are there any studies showing that you will tend to be more fluent in the first L2 you learn compared to your L3?
order of studying languages to make it easier
What are effective ways to gain speaking comprehension without the help of a partner in non-english speaking countries?
Seeking West Punjabi learning resources
How can I learn to read and write Spanish in Aljamiado (Arabic) characters?
Repetition interval during initial learning within a day
Can learning L3 interfere with my grammatical knowledge of L2?
What's the most effective way to learn to quickly read Chinese?
How can I avoid mixing two or more languages when I speak?
My L2 and L3 are similar, will using L2/L3 flashcards increase or reduce the possibility of mixing them up?
What are some of the oldest documented language learning techniques or resources?
What are Memrise's advantages?
Is there any language simply too difficult for non-native speakers to learn/speak?
What is the origin of the terms L1 and L2?
What are all the concepts that you need to understand to become proficient at reading in a language?
Momentum and hours per week
Fastest way to re-acquire?
Has a corpus-based unprofessional bilingual dictionary ever been written - how was it received?
According to research, how effective is Memrise for learning vocabulary?
Should I learn Russian or Czech when traveling to Czech Republic?
How does the existence of a separate present progressive tense affect the learnability of a foreign language?
How can I speak in impromptu situations without organizing my thoughts beforehand but still communicate properly?
Online Glossary of Second Language Acquisition Terms
Is recall study more effective than recognition study for learning vocabulary?
Happy Thai videos?
When studying German, how much time should be spent on learning grammar rules vs. vocabulary?
Modern Hebrew before Biblical Hebrew?
Learn a new language in between the non speakers environment (Same native language as mine)
What are the oldest known records of multilingualism (and possibly learning methods)?
What is the Representational Deficit Hypothesis?
Are second languages processed the same way as first languages?
Is it easy for native Japanese speakers to remember simplified Chinese characters?
What are the main types of fluency that are relevant to language learning?
How does the vocabulary learned through immersion compare to vocabulary learned via study?
What affects how hard something is to learn in my L2?
What is the "emergentist" approach to SLA?
Pimsleur Mandarin Chinese vs Pimsleur Digital Mandarin Chinese
Is learning vocabulary by means of (bilingual) vocabulary lists inefficient, and if yes, why?
Is there a course that teaches the feminine form first?
What are the main benefits and drawbacks of learning vocabulary only through conversation?
Does the law of diminishing returns apply to language practice?
Effectiveness of reformulating incorrect sentences as feedback?
According to research, how well do speed reading skills transfer to other languages?
Does learning a language outside of its culture affect the learner negatively in any way?
Are there any physical resources that have basics for multiple languages?
Dictionary for learners of modern Greek?
How can I put grammar rules into flashcards?
How to certify language skills online
Good resources for learning Croatian?
How does a paid online tutor compare to a language exchange partner?
Evidence that learning radicals speeds up character learning in Chinese?
How different are Inuktitut and Greenlandic?
Even if the pronunciation and the alphabet don't correspond to each other, is phonics effective?
Why can't I remember words?
How can jokes be studied to provide a benefit to a language learner (if at all)?
How to motivate a tandem partner to do exercises that are not part of a compulsory language test?
First learn speaking and then writing OR both at once?
How to enhance the German vocabulary of my six-year-old?
How can an advanced learner in an FL context get rid of grammatical errors?
Why do some teach Biblical Hebrew with modern verb tenses?
Are there any studies on the effectiveness of learning typologically similar languages?
What is phonics?
Is there any evidence that a specific type of writing is more beneficial than others for learning?
What does "linking" mean?
Does ethnic background affect the speed of foreign language acquisition?
Does a good pronunciation improve one's ability to learn a language?
Short poem in Arabic
required standards for US domestic foreign language education
Evidence that learning radicals speeds up character learning in Japanese?
what are widely accepted US domestic foreign language proficiency exams?
WebCAPE vs AP Exams for domestic prep
What differences are there in the difficulty of learning Ukrainian and Russian to a very basic level?
Does ethnic background affect language learning strategies?
Printable keyboard layout for Ukrainian on a MacBook Pro
What is a good way to explain the concept of declension to a person whose native language has no declension?
Way to learn Persian (Perso-Arabic) alphabet
Is there a dictionary for Transliterated Arabic?
Can anyone recommend a free and online Greek-to-English dictionary?
Creating summaries helps us understand a new language?
Cognates between French & Spanish?
What are the most effective ways for a beginner to learn Arabic for reading the Qur'an?
What is this phenomenon called when someone uses an "uncommon" word in his target language that is similar to one in his own language?
Does French Sound Similar to Hebrew?
What are the main arguments for and against the critical period hypothesis, and what are alternative explanations?
WebCAPE language exam - how many words do I need to know?
What are Anki's disadvantages?
Why are there so many downvoted entries on Forvo for the Russian word for "Ukraine"?
Is it easier for someone who has a background in physics, mathematics, etc. to learn Greek?
Effect of trilingualism on babies
Improving my English handwriting in preparation for cursive Cyrillic
Literary translation production: How much does it help with a language?
What are the effects of learning a third language in your second language?
Should I avoid learning related words at the same time in SRS, and if so, how do I avoid it with Anki?
How should an Indian whose primary language is not English start learning German?
How will learning English at the expense of my native tongue affect the two languages?
Practice AP and WebCAPE Exams and study guides
Learning second sign language after first sign language
How to speak faster
Swiss German Learning
Is it good idea to learn English and German simultaneously?
How can I use the weeks before starting a Korean course?
Is there any common approach to learning programming and foreign human language?
Is there more than one learning "path" through the intermediate levels in learning languages?
Language Acquisition: What's the very first step (and the steps that come after that) in language learning?
How can I overcome fear and failure when speaking to native speakers of my L2?
What, besides frequency, gives a foreign word pedagogical priority in learning/teaching?
How can English language teaching research be more relevant to teachers?
Resources for English morphemes
Should literacy in the L1 be taught before teaching reading & writing in an L2?
Which version of the Arabic keyboard on Windows 10 is most like Modern Standard Arabic?
Are there any good dictionaries for Ancient Greek?
Measuring syntactic complexity
Combining grammar-translation method and direct method to teach English
How does one go from "understanding each word" to "understanding the sentence."
What is the significant difference between the Germanic language group and the Romance group?
How effective are mobile/desktop apps for learning a language?
Relearning/refreshing language skills
Can a person read Braille characters using their skin instead of their fingertips?
Is learning a language together with other non-native speakers risky?
Practical guide for teaching a language for someone with no teaching experience
Are there learning resources to drill my Dutch?
Is it possible to read Braille from vibration motors?
How can I apply the words I learn?
Good German novels to help further my German
Learn Russian very very fast
How many new words at a time?
How do cloze flashcards compare to translation flashcards?
What are the implications of L2 learners being illiterate in L1 and how can they overcome them?
Learning Latin with Dowling's Wheel
Teaching sign languages as other languages, by the Internet?
Latin, Italian, or French?
What are some techniques/methods that you would suggest for an online tandem learning relation to work?
Should I learn a whole bunch of new words at once with Anki?
How can I understand the difference between the 'D' sound and 'T' sound?
What are the benefits of extensive reading?
Conditions for successful extensive reading?
Recent German novels (and other literature) for level B2
How many Languages can we speak fluently
Making the Most of College Foreign Language Courses (Meta Learning?)
Next Step After Duolingo
How many US 6th-12th grade students are learning a foreign language?
If someone gets a phrase correct, how many more times should they practice it?
How can I learn a language with little documentation/resources (Georgian)?
Learning a lot of similar words in a short period of time
Resources for learning Nicaraguan Sign language
Homonym Learning Techniques
How to say "Alexander I" in German, French, Italian, Portuguese, Spanish?
Learning from another student
Is it possible to learn B1-level German in 3 months?
Is it acceptable to use one's mother tongue in teaching English?
impredictable arabic broken plurals and verbal nouns (مصدر) from form I
When I look for a simple word in an Arabic dictionary, it gives me 20 different verbs
How can I roll the Georgian r?
Unpredictable multiple homophony of Chinese characters
How can I master the Hebrew alphabet?
What resources are there for learning Romanian in accordance with the CEFR ability levels?
Take Spanish 3 (university level) or start self-studying?
How many words are usually taught per chapter in a textbook
Can a language be improved without further exposure to it by just writing and speaking in that language to others with similar skills?
Is there a list of generic English sentences to practise translation?
How to overcome demotivating interference from native language when learning a related language?
Any tool to highlight collocations
Spanish-English downloadable dictionary
Is using x-ray/MRI images of the vocal track to learn a foreign language recommended?
What resources do we have to learn German using our phone?
Research papers on improving speaking fluency?
How and where can I begin learning grammar and syntax in their most abstract form?
Mastering both the French r and the German r
Teaching the Present Continuous before the Simple Present?
Identifying cases by rephrasing to a question – is this any useful for language learners?
How effective is induction as a language learning technique?
Are the methods for learning English reported on Antimoon reasonable?
What are some recommended iPhone apps for learning German?
How to overcome my dread of speaking in Spanish?
Can you 'plateau' while learning a language?
Is it good practice to learn new foreign words with transcription in my native language?
How do I not prioritize pronunciation over comprehension when reading out loud?
Are there any accurate online resources for learning to write Devanagari?
Is it more advantageous to learn the writing system or the spoken form of a language first?
Free apps for learning Malay
Evaluating incorrect answers in a language learning app
Why can't I think of anything to say when someone asks how many languages I can speak?
What is the Pimsleur method?
Any downloadable dictionaries of commonly used words?
When is Google Translate good for in the learning process?
Can I measure my Chinese proficiency without taking an HSK test?
Are there any L2-acquisition pedagogies based on the structure of L1-learning?
How are the Pimsleur courses and Michel Thomas courses different?
Research on benefits of writing by hand when learning foreign languages
Can I see word strengths when learning Danish with Duolingo?
Do people fluent in two languages learn a third, unrelated language more easily?
What are the steps to native language acquisition for children?
Strategies for independent language learning
How do I get an 8 (or higher scores in general) on Clozemaster?
Resources for learning Valyrian besides Duolingo course?
How long does the "priming" effect last for vocabulary study?
How to relearn words after a while not reviewing them?
What is the Strategy Inventory of Language Learning (SILL)?
What is my first and second language?
Standardized Phonemes and Pronunciation
An application to show words on display
What are estimates of vocabulary size for each CEFR level?
What are important external factors in formal language learning?
What Duolingo-like resources are there for learning Hindi?
Does native Finnish and literacy in another language give literacy in Finnish?
When using spaced repetition, do I learn less when tired?
What qualities separate those few who acquire native speaker fluency, from those who are only fluent?
How can one learn a language (such as Korean), when there is no agreement as to how to properly pronounce it?
Are there any interactive language learning resources for Levantine Arabic?
What kind of Arabic is most commonly spoken in Qatar?
According to research, how effective is learning an L3 through an L2?
Is there any evidence that online language courses enable you to speak the language?
Mnemonics for learning Hangul?
What was the first language learning website?
Mnemonics for learning Russian alphabet (Cyrillic)?
Where can I find people to practice Scottish Gaelic with?
Does anybody know why Lang-8 stopped accepting new membership?
Natural Approach text books
Media-assisted Greek learning
What was the first computer-based spaced repetition system?
Is there a TOEFL-like exam for Italian and French languages?
Mnemonics for learning Greek alphabet?
Can learning a new language help with speech impairment?
List of Chinese "verb plus object" verbs?
How to teach someone to correctly pronounce tones in tonal languages such as Standard Chinese?
Mnemonics for learning hiragana and katakana (other than Heisig)?
Fluent in English and Spanish; according to scientific research, what order of learning other languages is most efficient?
Studies on using Kinect for learning or teaching sign language?
What are the various context clue techniques children use to learn a new word?
Is it more efficient to make flashcards for L3 in L2 and L1?
Collection of mnemonics for learning foreign languages?
Graded readers using traditional Chinese characters?
Why is Hungarian considered 'hard'?
Improving a language at B1 level
Where can I find graded readers for French?
Is it possible for an adult to learn a language without carrying a foreign accent?
Learning a language, for someone who can't stand flash cards
Graded readers for Japanese?
How much time will it take a beginner to reach a B2/C1 level Russian language proficiency by self-learning?
Graded readers for Spanish?
How did Celine Dion learn to sing in perfect English?
Mnemonics for learning vocabulary and complex writing for people with aphantasia
Japanese language: Exercises for learning adverbs and their usage
How can I improve my Arabic accent?
How to make vocabulary acquisition fun?
How many words per level of the European Language Framework?
Do any teaching methods explicitly rely on the role of the subconscious in language acquisition?
Graded readers for German?
How useful is passive "background" listening?
How can I look up transliterations of words I hear (in Hebrew)?
Grammar and language learning books/software (Irish)
Improving my English Skills (CAE) without a language trip
French subtitles
Graded readers for Portuguese?
What can teachers do to promote or increase mastery of 把 structures in Standard Chinese?
Benefits of reading texts one does not understand well
Is there a typing tutor for Modern Hebrew?
Where can I find swear words?
Where can I find rhythm and melody for modern spoken Greek?
How should I use monologues to improve speaking?
How do language learners identify "good" language models to imitate?
Can comprehension happen before meaning?
How can one learn English stress-timed rhythm?
Online course or resources on speed reading in Chinese
Is it possible to learn a foreign language well enough to be indistinguishable from a native speaker?
Where can I find graded readers for Russian?
Should I start learning another language even if I haven't mastered the last one?
Graded readers for Norwegian?
Graded readers for Italian?
Is there a certification in English beyond C2 that a foreign speaker could pursue?
Is there a website to practice grammatical gender of nouns in German?
Graded readers for Dutch?
Books written in Levantine Arabic (e.g, Jordanian Ammiyah)?
Teaching a foreign language resources - The Direct Approach (or Method)
Tinycards and Anki
How was the Foreign Service Institute (FSI) list of language learning difficulty compiled?
Graded readers for English?
How to determine which of two Danish pronunciations is correct, or if both are?
What should I focus on if I only have 10-20 minutes a day, with speaking practice once a week?
List of all two and three letter syllables in Koine Greek required
Are there natural languages with logographic systems that don't require learning the spoken language?
How can one learn a language with unpredictable pronunciation?
Book or other resources on activities for teaching Chinese grammar?
French Grammar Book B1/B2
Is there a reference that classifies books on grammar according to the major type of grammar the authors espouse?
How important are tones in tonal languages?
How to memorize German vocabulary by connecting it to English?
Learning language by singing songs?
Where to find and how to learn math vocabulary in Danish?
How valuable can feedback from software be when learning foreign languages?
Resources for Advanced Vedic Sanskrit
Collaborative translation
Graded readers for Swedish?
How different is Bunjevac speech from standard Croatian?
Learning Russian from completely beginner to B2/C1
Should I start studying Norwegian when living in Denmark and about to move to Norway?
What are some tactics to incentivising my friend to learn my native language?
Are there any advanced proficiency tests for Standard Chinese (CEFR C1/C2)?
Is Ekapeli useful for an adult learner of Finnish?
Incorrect answer: repeat question again or come back later?
Can anyone give me advice on upgrading / learning English?
Is it possible to learn grammar through spaced repetition, and if yes, how?
How to study to reach level B2 in German on my own?
Are there standard verbs that are proven to help learning a new language?
Is there a way to find out the IPA of words from different languages?
How to learn conjugations?
Teaching syllables to three and half year old
When is the right time to talk to native speakers?
Looking for something like Babbel.com's vocabulary trainer
How to teach someone to correctly pronounce unaspirated t and p in Standard Chinese?
Evidence that translating L2 into L1 improves L2 acquisition
Graded readers for Hindi?
Graded readers for Korean?
Graded readers for Polish?
Can I (an Illinois high school student) get a Seal of Biliteracy for Old Norse?
Resources for learning to read Chinese newspapers (in simplified Chinese characters)?
Can stressing just on learning vocabulary cause demotivation?
Should one memorize vocabulary in or without context?
What is the difference between a basal reader and a graded reader?
What are some strategies for effectively studying two unrelated languages simultaneously?
How to know the frequency of usage of a German word in speaking?
IPA usage and the deaf
IPA usage and the deaf
What advantages and disadvantages does intensive classes in the country of the language have over weekly lessons in my own country?
Bulk-add pronunciations to Anki decks
Taiwan news in English with English dictionary
How can I improve the listening and speaking skill as a self-learner?
Approach to multiple language learning goal for a multilingual family
Should I put more focus on the subtitle or the content when watching a movie to improve the listening skill?
How to predict whether user knows one word knowing another?
Can I learn a language with a child?
Accent/Pronunciation Feedback Software for German
What are the differences between High German and other dialects?
Fun mobile apps for teaching kids English?
Where can I learn about maya hieroglyphs?
Devanagari letter grouping
Predicting language interference between Danish and Norwegian
How to combine the new Duolingo (with crowns) with spaced repetition?
Specific techniques for learning Danish and Norwegian at the same time
Acquiring mathematics vocabulary in Norwegian
Studies on average time by full immersion in 2nd+ language to become conversant?
Is dictation any more effective than just writing in brain?
Which Austronesian language is simplest to pick up?
What is the fastest known time a person went from not knowing to fluently proficient in a language?
How can I progress from A1 to B2 on listening skills?
Learning Mandarin or Japanese First?
Is it possible for an adult to learn sounds of completely unrelated languages they have never heard before?
Efficient way to teach English singular/plurals and verb tenses to Chinese students
How does flow relate to language competency? Can it be taught/learned?
Should I use my second language to learn my third language?
Using Multiple Languages in your Daily Life or Job
How to learn correct pronunciation of phrases
Best way to learn Czech noun declensions
What types of resources can a native speaker of Dutch use to teach Dutch grammar to non-native speakers?
When to start encouraging my bilingual child not to mix languages?
How to overcome language learning fatigue when learning Standard Chinese?
Is it possible to archive L2 speaking skills as good as the native speakers?
Does living in a country where the language is spoken improve the language skill that much?
Graded readers for Hungarian?
Are there resources to ask "Check my understanding?" questions not suitable for SE?
Japanese – how to learn it without using SRS?
Which Arabic dialect is most similar to Modern Standard?
Where to learn Trøndersk?
Most efficient order of learning all the Romance languages?
How to find correct pronunciations for Portugal-Portuguese words and phrases?
How does one design a language course for people in a specific profession?
Has the Brexit referendum negatively impacted British people's motivation to learn foreign languages?
Which romanization system is closest to native pronunciation of Standard Mandarin?
Which constructed language (in spoken form) is most similar to a natural language?
Is it truly possible to learn a language on your own?
How to overcome hurdles learning Chinese as a vegan?
What techniques do accent coaches use?
Can I read nynorsk due to learning bokmål?
Is thinking speech just in brain less effective than speaking aloud, to improve speaking skills?
How long between each CEFR level for learning Spanish?
Standard Mexican Spanish vs Standard Spain/European/Iberian/Castilian/Peninsular Spanish
HSK3 written test - what to expect and how to prepare?
Can passive speakers of a language gain native level fluency when learning it in their teens?
Which Konkani script is most similar to pronunciation?
Best way to learn Hebrew verb conjugations?
Blacked out Memory Glasses
How long between each HSK level for learning Mandarin?
Learning to read handwriting
What are the most widespread languages besides English, Spanish, and French?
Updated versions of FSI courses
Can I understand 95 percent of CNN and talk show, movies, anything just in 3 years?
Source for text + audio books with normal search
Learning to read official documents and tables in Danish
Path for German A1 to B2 certificate in one year
How can I sound more 'native'?
Resources aimed at slavic speakers
Expected CEFR level after French In Action
Is there a website that can help with finding the most appropriate word for a sentence?
Is there evidence that languages with complex grammar take longer to learn as a mother tongue?
How to combat the predisposition to forget certain types of words?
How to use a speaking partner?
How should I make flash cards for words with multiple meanings?
How can I convince my girlfriend she is learning too fast?
Similar Languages to South-Slavic/Balkan
Are there any series out there like the Living Language books from around 2000?
Should I learn Simplified or Traditional Chinese characters for reading in China?
Which American accent to learn for differentiating the most words
What is the popularity of using colored (e.g. red) transparencies to obscure words in a language book?
In Anki, do you have any effective methods for learning words with multiple meanings?
How to avoid burnout in the first place?
What is the most widely spoken L2 (second language) in the EU28, besides English?
Differences in language learning abilities and strategies between a 30 year old and a 70 year old?
Should I learn English from the UK if am I learning English from USA?
How to comprehend what we read properly?
Learning Arabic pronunciation with Franco-Arabic (chat alphabet)
How can I quickly learn to understand a Latin text if I know Romance languages?
Sufficient grammar for a particular purpose
Anki decks for understanding spoken Norwegian
Should I add sentences in puhekieli to Tatoeba?
Are there any methods for teaching English as a "means" not an "end"?
About Inductive-Contextual method
What are general cognitive principles that could explain why Heisig's method works?
How to practice honorifics?
What sequences of learning kanji characters, their readings, meanings, and related vocabulary tend toward longest retention?
How to start recognizing tones and accents?
How can I learn reading Telugu texts, if I already know Kannada Scripts?
Rigorous Hebrew course for an independent study?
How to find out your own English level?
How does language learning in a classroom affect self-learning?
Which SRS algorithm yields greatest evidence-based remembering
Are there any reasons to learn a language you'll never use?
What is the impact of the new CEFR descriptors on learning the pronunciation of a foreign language?
What are the benefits of intensive reading?
Learning Tahitian, having issues with comprehension
Question about Leitner box. How many cards to study from levels other than 1?
Is foreign music a good reason to learn a language?
Graded readers for Modern Hebrew?
Learning Arabic
Of the following which would you consider the most common Arabic form of language used
Modern Hebrew alphabet pronunciation of י, ד, and ק?
Is there a better way to memorize the stroke order of 恵, 専, and 敷?
How many Hanzi (Chinese characters) are theoretically possible to learn per day using Heisig's RTH?
Using he/she when speaking quickly
Learning Indonesian (bahasa Indonesia) on my own
How can I improve my accent?
What's a Japanese language-learning website with interlinear gloss translations?
Spanish grammar books with exercises and answer key for self study
German grammar books with exercises and answer key for self study
French grammar books with exercises and answer key for self study (A2 - B2)
How to maintain three foreign languages (polyglot)?
English grammar books with exercises and answer key for self study (A2 - B2)
What resources are there for learning Lingua Franca Nova (LFN)?
Spanish audio or video resources to practise shadowing
Grammar books with exercises and answer key for autonomous study of Dutch
Learn alphabet by replacing letters in native text
Is shadowing really a technique for interpreter trainees?
Original source of Arguelles' statement about learning at least six languages
How many languages did Vera F. Birkenbihl know?
Grammar books with exercises and answer key for autonomous study of Italian
Choosing the right TOEIC test
From an economic point of view, what are the most important foreign languages to learn for Germans?
According to research, should related words be taught together?
What are the implications of reading texts beyond my level?
What are the effective ways to learn and remember any word. And use that in the right way
Is there any vocabularies or best practices for a technical support how to communicate in multiple languages?
What are the characteristics of the Macedonian language in this quote referring to?
Child recognizing words by first and last letters; what next?
Resources for learning Greenlandic?
Resources for learning Texas German
Coming from Spanish, where do I start learning English?
How can I come up with words while writing?
How to cope with noise in the background?
Professional word and sentence list for French
Resources for autonomous study of Ancient Greek, especially from the Classical period?
Professional word and sentence list for Spanish
How to speak a language that makes phonemic distinctions between /a/ and /aː/ if you're having trouble with /a/ and /aː/?
Italian professional word and sentence list
The "gaps" between words in English
How to look for resources that are available in multiple languages?
Resources for learning Medieval Latin from scratch?
Is learning Attic Greek a good thing at the same as learning Modern Conversational Greek?
Resources for learning the Silbo Gomero (Gomeran Whistle)
Learning Persian with Latin alphabet
If you don't speak your native language (e.g. Spanish) can you lose your native accent?
Are there any studies on the effectiveness of school trips abroad on language learning?
Should I not speak spanish with my children and my future wife?
Is it generally better to learn Latin first?
Texts using all common words
How can I improve my ability to understand posts in social networks?
Is passive learning effective for learning pronunciation?
Does memorizing French verb conjugations with its English characters sound have negative impact in the future?
how can I structure my plan learning korean?
Can adults learn grammar like 5 or 6 year old kids?
Graded readers using simplified Chinese characters?
How did Chomsky's Universal Grammar impact language learning theory in the 1950s and 1960s?
Is it a good idea to practice American English by listening to radio from the USA?
How do natives write without knowing grammar rules?
High-qualilty videos for New Practical Chinese Reader
How do I learn and improve my writing skills once fully immersed in a language?
Do gender differences affect language learning strategies?
What is the easy and effective way to learn in tandem live, when speaker A has B1 and speaker B barely has A1 in the language of A speaker?
kannada learning - beginner's way
Question about Macedonian Grammar
Best way to improve your ability in a language post A-Level (Exams at age 18)
How can I efficiently find lists of chance correspondences?
Why learn English grammar first? Just gets in the way
How to start hearing the difference between similar sounds
How does the CEFR cater for the abilities of Deaf language learners?
What is the better way for structure the learning of 5 languages in 1 year and 6 months?
How does one become an IELTS examiner?
What's the most efficient way of improving English listening skills?
How to get most language learning benefits from frequent casual conversations with natives?
Is there a Persian Transliteration App
Is there a scientific evidence of class / teacher importance for adult learners?
Is there any evidence that correcting a learner's oral mistakes in class has a negative impact?
The boundaries of acceptable typography for alphabet letters
How Dalet, Final Kaf, Vav, Final Nun, and Resh (and maybe Yod) are differentiated in print
Good reference on Devanagari typography and alphabet learning
Tongue exercises relaxation (Flap T/D)
Publicly available reference on Hebrew Alphabet Orthography Rules
Complete intro to the structure of Tibetan letters
Are paper flash cards better for retention than digital flash cards (both self made)?
Tools for Romanization of Arabic
Seeking Egyptian Arabic dictionary with sort of most common single words top down style
What free, high-quality, mobile course apps are there for learning Icelandic?
Is there a similar app to Lernu for learning Korean?
Does learning a new language while in the target country instead of learning the current language reach the goal of acquiring both faster in the end?
Grammar book for Russian B2-C1 exam preparation
Is there search software for text that contains specific words?
What book(s) to read in order to learn letter-sound correspondence in English?
How to be in constant contact with the IPA to improve one's pronunciation of a language?
Are there any Turkish grammar apps/website that allow for more interactive Turkish grammar and translation training?
How to overcome limitations of memory palace?
Which language comes near to English to learn easily?
Can I learn Spanish and French at the same time?
Where to find a decent source that tells everything I need to know about german orthography?
How many people in the world can I speak with if I know three languages?
Is there a publicly accessible "Self access language learning center" in or near Washington, DC?
How to get started with Ukrainian alphabet?
How to continue improving my English despite the lack of immediate need?
How to learn the pronunciation of mathematical formulae in Norwegian?
How can I get over lack of learning resources in "minor languages"
Is spaced repetition more “efficient” at creating leeches?
Digital dictionaries with sound for French learners
How can I make sure my pronunciation based on IPA is correct?
Is there a book that teaches the main exceptions to English spelling rules?
What's the most complete book on English grammar?
Learning kanji and vocabulary
In which languages is the lastname written before the name?
Rolling the r's that end syllables
Does one's target level make a difference?
Are graded readers with monolingual glossaries commonly available?
Anki question: multiple words on cards or separate cards for each word?
Are there any software tools which can deeply analyse pronunciation errors?
Should the answers on SRS also be the target language?
Does the phenomenon of being able to read related languages have a name?
Learning the Navajo Language
How to find the meaning of slangy or misspelled Dogri words?
How can I find an appropriate image for a word on SRS?
Is it true that improving the reading skill also enhances the writing skill and improving the listening skill strengthens the speaking skill?
Should I be learning gender too when learning Russian nouns?
How should I decide the order of learning each of languages if you learn all of them in the end?
Transcribing / translating snippet of Burmese (to English)
What is the proper etiquette for a nonnative speaker who wants to practice Mandarin at a Chinese supermarket in the US?
Which Kurdish dialect is the most understandable across the entire Kurdish population?
What resources are there for learning Romanian verb conjugation?
Which online English dictionary is good for etymology, British spelling and pronounciation, as well as idioms?
What are the main causes of foreign language anxiety in learners of Chinese?
How quickly do western adults learn Kanji?
Learning japanese, 1 month progress (Tokyo)
Dutch language exams, CNaVT certificates versus NT2 certificates
Where to find the differences in punctuation between European languages?
Free resources for learning Arabic from English or Urdu
How can you understand the pronunciation differences if you don't understand them even on minimal pairs training?
Semi automated dictionary application
Learning correct spelling of Spanish words with or without acute accent
Should I mix different dialects on minimal pairs deck?
Monolingual dictionary for learners of French
Monolingual learner-friendly dictionary for Spanish
What's the difference between Duolingo and Duolingo Kids?
How can I add an audio to my SRS if it is missing on Forvo?
How can the natural approach to language acquisition work for L2?
Young kids learning L3 (and L4)
How to learn Malayalam without any resources
How to learn a language for which very few resources are available?
Is it possible to learn a language without translation?
Is teaching how to write a particular language, its character formation etc. a part of language teaching?
Does imitation play any role in child language acquisition?
Websites to share transcriptions?
Cloze card design for root/suffix verb conjugation?
How can I avoid the huge gap between paper and oral skills?
Do most language learners use a tutor/teacher?
How to learn the building of sentences?
Helping a Chinese native improve her advanced-level English
Should I correct my grammar mistakes or just ignore them while practice speaking?
Simultaneous intensive summer course in German and French? Or is it too much?
Listening a short sentence from a movie in English and figure out what it suppose to be said
Learning to use articles correctly when your L1 does not use them
Is it possible to add HTML when creating cards in AnkiWeb?
Way to prevent speaking fluency of acquired language to be lost or possibly enhance it further
Image cloze deletion for declension tables
Can Speak Chinese; Need Learning Resources to Bring Reading Skill to Same Level (HSK4)
Can English people understand my English even if I do not use English grammar, but just words, adverbs and context?
Which books use etymology and derivational morphology to teach English for L1 Cantonese and Mandarin speakers?
Please suggest me an application like Cambly to excel Russian speaking
Is there a Russian language equivalent of dict.cc?
Good text-to-speech resource for learning Hebrew
Which spoken Arabic dialect is the most understandable across the entire Arabic-speaking population?
Before visiting Scandinavia, is it better to learn one Scandinavian language to fluency or a smattering of all three?
Which Portuguese language to be learned when moving to Angola, Luanda
How can I learn to speak in SOV when my L1 is SVO?
When studying Japanese, how much should I be able to retain at the end of a Genki textbook chapter (Self-study concerns)?
Looking for the best speech trainer capability for Spanish
Proficiency or competency scale for the learner
Find free dictionary with example sentences (e.g. English - German)
Any English learning resources similar to Pimsleur, but suitable for intermediate to advanced speakers?
Is there data on number of people who do not speak a particular language, or none out of a group of languages?
Swedish diphthongs, occurrence
How can Greek manuscripts be intelligible with Hebrew characters placed in it?
anki minimal pairs
Graded readers for Thai language?
Good forums for Thai learners?
Persian/Arabic/Urdu poetry writing format?
Are there any languages in the world that contain no sounds foreign to English?
CEFR Frequently Used Words
How to choose a foreign language to learn based on my interests?
1 Month Curriculum For Learning Spanish Conversationally
How can I be an interpreter?
How can I identify a Youtube video URL for a lesson's video from FluentU?
