What is a "roll call" in Latin?
Examples of "homo" used for a woman
What is a single parent?
'Conclusio sequitur ex premissis' or 'sequitur conclusio ex premissis'?
How to translate this line from Xenophon? (Const. Lac. 9.1)
Can a subjunctive verb ever be modified by οὐ? (Greek)
Combining verbs with ecce or en
Latin ligature "qz"?
Is it correct to say, "Additionem in prima, secunda, et tertia syllogismi"?
Happily necessary condition for lamentable hypothetical result
Why do some words from Latin have an English V and others not?
A complete family tree
Difference between filiī and liberī
Can the articular infinitive be a dative of means? (Greek)
Does liberi only refer to free children?
Usage of nihil and nihilum
Is differens different?
What's the difference between amare and diligere?
What is the difference between Ob and Propter?
Does Tolle fidem, culpam dare convey the correct meaning?
Did the Romans have a Valentine's day?
Modus Barbara, Modus Celarent, et Modus Darii: (Modi Barbara, Celarent, et Darii)?
In Classical Latin, what was the geographic extent of "Asia"?
What are the decimal and grouping marks in modern Latin?
Is this translation from Ancient Greek correct?
M N U V confusion in textura
Medieval siglum/abbreviation: "z" symbol
What is "menu" in Latin?
"..so that others may live", future subjunctive?
When I am the subject and the direct object of a phrase
Are "parvus" and "magnus" the best adjectives to describe the length of a river?
How do you translate these verbal adjectives? (Greek)
Phrasing "it remains to"
On Macrons and Vowels
Did the Romans use war-dogs?
Quo viso, ignorantes quid esset, Deo se commitentes, inde ad oppidum
Waving hands classically
How to interpret cogemur
Translating "star" (actor, musician, or similar)
How do you translate the idiom, I see?
Do singular nouns connected by "and" require a plural verb? (Greek)
Why is omne ablative in Catullus 1?
Why is the relative pronoun put in the dative case? why feminine? (Greek)
What is libelli doing in Catullus 1
Translating "idiot"
What is this participle λέγοντες doing? (Greek)
Can a noun have more than one preposition?
Out of nothing comes something (Ex quidem nihil fit?)
Which mora of a stressed long vowel or diphthong bears the emphasis?
Why is it πῶς and not ὅπως? (Greek)
Slippery when wet
Pedestrians as Opposed to Riders of Vehicles
How to place a second stress on a long word
Translation of phrase from "Le Petit Prince"
Eleatic arguments (argumenta Eleatica)?
What semantic notions underlie ex/in-tēnsiō with the logical meanings of ex/in-tension?
What semantic notions underlie the prefixes 'con-' and 'de-' (+ notare) with the logical concepts of 'con/de-notation'?
Christ or Messiah in Latin
Is there oil without olives?
Ergo, ex nihilo aliquid et ex nihilo nihil fit
Using cases with jubilare
When and how much did Romans speak Greek?
3rd Principal Part of *refero*
"If and only if"
Caeteris paribus
How To Say "-able" in Latin
Did the Romans have a "question mark"?
Semper Veritas, Semper Veritatem, or something else?
Tale of a Tub – "A cujus lacrymis humecta prodit substantia"
What's the deal with Ov. Met. V, 414
"Genius without verification/proof" in Latin
How do I say that something will "probably" happen in Latin?
Where to put the enclitic -ne?
Why is a reflexive pronoun the subject of this genitive absolute? (Greek)
Do any Latin verbs use a temporal augment?
Best translation for 'at sea'
Do the locatives militiae, terrā, marī occur by themselves?
Hutchinson's Latin translation of Xenophon's Anabasis
What is the largest online Latin speaking community?
How would you say, "How long have you been a X?"
The three maxims at the Temple of Apollo (Greek)
How can I construct a correctly formed fictitious-species name
Preparing food "al dente"
Semantic differences between Greek comparatives/superlatives of "good", "bad"
Meaning of *iuvenis*
What would "I Discover" be in Latin?
Did 'ᾰ̓κ-ήκο-ᾰ' perhaps come from 'ᾰ̓κο-ᾰκο-ᾰ'? (Greek)
What is a Latin phrase beginning with "j" and ending with "am" with this meaning?
How do you translate “the principle of explosion” into Latin?
How does one show that a person or thing is the performer of an action?
How to say, "Many are not one?" Pluribus non paribus unum?
On Julius Caesar and salmon
How does "recte admones" mean "you do well to remind me"?
When did the grammarians first recognize a question?
How would you translate the exclamation, "How morbid!"
Meaning of 'umbra'
Does this say what I think it does? Correctly? President Kennedy Quote
What is "vocabulary" in Latin?
What is "vocabulary" in Greek?
Using subjunctive in relative clause linked to indirect command
What gender would "this" or "that" be in if there is no subject to describe?
How to swear by a god?
Does verbum also mean verb?
Is 'Delphī' a second declension word?
The logical "then"
How do you say "perhaps" or "maybe"?
Are there Latin puns?
Different ways to accent active aorist infinitives ending in 'αι' (Greek)
Could the u in e.g. aufero be related to the u in Mycenaean a-pu-do-ke?
Does this Latin phrase make sense grammatically?
Translating "Through Intellect, Strength" into Latin
Post hoc ergo propter hoc vs Cum hoc ergo propter hoc
Translating -ish and -aster endings
How do you say "grumpy" in Latin?
Translation of a Line from Caesar's De Bello Gallico
Help with translating "For those about to die, we salute you" ?
Why was Linear B only deciphered 70 years after the Cypriote Syllabary?
Ab eo abeo ; In clino inclino Are there other jingles of this form?
Is this a good way to say 'So remember me this way'?
Variations on the diminutive: -olus and -ulus
Is "s" between two vowels voiced or unvoiced?
What is the difference between Iesus and Jesu?
Greek & Latin words from ANE languages excluding Biblical Hebrew
How would you translate “dark project” into Latin?
Vowel compensation for intervocalic -ss- > -s-
What is the meaning of Satanas?
When to use -ris vs. -re as a passive verbal ending
Is the perfect participle in deponent verbs active or passive in meaning?
Niveus and nivosus
Comparative applied to things other than adjectives or adverbs
What's the Greek equivalent of "Skin in the Game"?
Homo from hemo?
A list of the categories and subcategories of the Latin conjunctions
How should Odyssey A 56 be scanned?: αἰεὶ δὲ μαλακοῖσι καὶ αἱμυλίοισι λόγοισιν
In the sentence "Glory is better than fame", is "fame" a predicate nominative?
Translating "something leads to something"
Job 5.7 in the King James version
Good examples of common gender nouns
He is known for...?
Meaning of "vulgo voces"
Can decisions be wise?
Variable Interpretation of Memento Mori
What's the difference between mutantur and mutamur?
What have we learned about Latin in the last century?
Constructing Latin diminutives
Is there a latin word for 'plausible deniability'?
How was Latin taught in Western Europe in the 17th century?
Times at the end of daylight saving
What does the suffix -mentum add to a word's meaning?
Translation of a Line from Caesar's De Bello Gallico 5.29
Can esse be used with a present participle?
Is it acceptable to translate these names in this manner?
Correct translation(s) of "state" when referring to a US state by name or nickname
Latin plural of Curriculum Vitae?
How to say "interrogative mood"? Is it "modus interrogativum"?
How are εὔχομαι and voveo cognates?
Can "Quae" Be "Which"?
How to transliterate 中文 in Mandarin pronunciation to Latin?
Is my Latin translation wrong, or is the original wrong?
Is there a difference between the future participle and the supine accusative?
Is my translation correct (Koine Greek silly sentence)
When did the ligature for 'et' switch to the character '&'?
Why doesn't Latin have words for "Yes" and "No"?
A good word for waiter or waitress
What is a skeleton called?
Jenney's Second Year Latin, Lesson 12, exercise E: Ut clauses and how to translate English infinitives
Can "per-" be applied to any adjective?
Local homes for local people!
Capitalization of adjectives with prefixes
Greek: syntax of dilemmas in the past
Do shorter words tend to come before longer ones in verse?
Are there instances of free indirect discourse in Latin or Greek?
Were there informal spelling variants in classical Latin?
Loss of s before voiced consonants at word boundaries
How should this text be translated? (Greek)
What is "right of way"?
Why does uacuus have three syllables?
Yet another question about translation... Four words
What is the proper translation of "Victoriarum Romae" (two genitives in a row)?
Why are "esurivi" and "sitivi" used in perfect, but "hospes eram" in imperfect in the same context?
Is there a rhetorical term for personification?
Translation of "...quae parvas aves capit et est."
What did a *cellarius* do?
Latin prefix to describe the wiping out of robots
Forming a compound with the second word starting with a vowel
What was a language for the Romans?
How do you say "notes" in classical Greek?
Were there ever two "Y" forms in classical Greek or Latin?
How do I specify how many "litterae" or "castra" there are?
Is there a passive infinitive?
What exactly is brevis brevians?
What would the correct translation of "anonymity" be in Latin?
Coining a word for "to make hill-shaped"
Is there a connection between clivus and clinatus?
Is the Roman personification of chaos masculine?
Are λαλέω and λέγω related?
What is a Latin version of Inshallah?
What is a runny nose?
Did the Romans have a selection game?
How did "status quo" get its meaning?
Which case to use with posthinc?
Multaque as a standalone word?
Blowing one's own horn
How do the verbs do and δίδωμι come from *deh₃-?
Should I study Latin in English or in Spanish?
Ergo, per circulus in demonstrando sequitur contradictio ex praemissa
How much of Augustine's writing has been translated into English?
Is there a connection between modus and (adverbial) modo?
Is pronouncing 'th' as 's' in 'Boethius' typical in any common Latin pronunciation scheme?
Saying "thank you"
Is the Spanish translation of the "Exultet" chant literal?
Was the term "firmamentum" used outside of Christian or Jewish texts?
What's the most idiomatic way to say, "thanks, you too"?
Translation of de Natura Deorum, 53
Constantis vs. constantes et similia
A verb for networking
Is there any connection between "ave" (as in Ave Cesar) and "aveo"?
Is there any country or town where Latin is spoken daily?
Why is the past imperfect instead of the past perfect tense used here?
"Without further ado"
Is "vicepraesidens" valid for "vice president"?
Does "a priori" have an implied substantive?
Superscript/suffix "ti"
Can the supine ablative be used for motion?
Phrase equivalent to It's a piece of cake
How is the supine related to the derived fourth declension noun?
Syntax of a Greek passage from Dionysius of Halicarnassus
Is "ire" used correctly here? "Iosaphatum salutem ite."
Can any verb which means "to go (to somewhere)" be used in a double-accusative construction?
Misquoting Linnaeus or correcting him?
What errors did the Greeks typically make in Latin?
Why is the supine called "supine"?
Interactive ways to learn Latin?
How many of Latin words became part of English and Spanish?
Dominus illuminatio mea
Attack From All Sides
What if...? (Interrogative conditionals)
A story of a king who wanted to simplify Latin grammar
Why does Latin have five different noun declensions?
What is "philosophy" in Latin?
Latin quote about a million doggerel verses
What does "suscipies et enutries omnes" mean in Augustine?
How does "φωνέω" + "ικός" = φωνητικός
Which is the logic behind "Aloysius" Latinisation?
Is "mesnomer" the Latin equivalent of the English word "misnomer"?
How can I ask the spelling of a word in Latin?
How to say "suit yourself"?
A is for... Latin examples
Is ῥύομαι cognate with rescue?
Was there ever dual conjugation in Latin?
Help Translating English Book Title: "What matters most is how well you walk through the fire"
Is it VIIth or VIIe in latin?
"Nil virtus generosa timet"
What semantic notions connect "to turn, turn around, roll," to "bowed, arched"?
Can an indirect question be the subject of its governing clause?
How would you translate 'To hunt is to live' into Latin?
"Stantes erant" vs. "stabant"
What are the different ways to say "lonely"?
De mortuis nil nisi bene or bonum?
What does "de" mean in "Ego de to my liking"?
English "Master" vs. "Mister" translated in Latin
Can Roman numerals stand for any kind of Latin numbers?
The English Gentleman
Nominalized adjective in Latin?
Is my translation of "ichthys" (in Greek) correct?
"Esto mihi in rupem praesidii et in domum munitam..."
Can someone help me translate these lyrics into Latin please?
How can I combine apis and genu?
"Let's wait and see"
Is there such a thing as "word-[space-comma-space]-word" punctuation in Latin?
Is filius necessarily a biological descendant?
Are there movies or subtitles for movies in Latin?
What does this manuscript say?
Does "matrimonium" ever refer to a polygamous or homosexual relationship?
Writing in Latin on an Android phone
How to say "Luke, I am your father" in Latin?
Meaning of Spiritus Lenis
Which one is better: "sunt aequivalentes" or "aequivalent"?
Stress and vowel length
Is there an operating system entirely in Latin?
En Marche ! in Latin
zelotypos quam Karus
Do any Latin animal names start with Q?
How can one predict the length of theme vowels in verbs?
What was a draco?
Is my translation of the phrase "My Gracious mistake" correct?
Comparing utopia and atopia
What is Google Translate good for?
Are there any subtle differences in the greetings, "Ave" and "Salve"?
Do any common/barnyard Latin animal names start with vocalic I?
Reservoir Dogs: "Let's go to work" in Latin
How to say four-digit years without so many syllables
Nominative-accusative ambiguity
Development of the figurative meaning of derivare
How to say "you are welcome"?
Pronouncing "Superfluus"
Appendix probi: "cannelam nun canianus"
What does the Latin abbreviation "Form." stand for?
A word for income tax
What determines the conjugation of verbs borrowed from Greek?
Yoda's distinctive speech syntax in Latin, "lost in translation"?
Is there a prefix, suffix or adjective to indicate that something is the most numerous?
Do Roman numerals stand for something?
Corpus analysis of word order frequency
Does Ordericus/i end with a "us" or "i"?
What is the meaning of "Ex Lux", the name of Lucifer Morningstar's new bar?
Greek: unattainable wishes about the present
How was Trajan's comic called?
Does the perfect "faxit" have an optative sense?
Translation of "May Change Nourish Me"
Usage of "Have to" before The Middle Ages
Hominem super hominem
What's the best translation of "vindice" in Met. 1.89?
When should the perfect tenses be used?
How to translate these few lines? Met. 1.94–96
Natural translation of "... Herculaneum, a town near the mountain"
Origin of the following phrase: Ambulatoria enim est voluntas hominum usque ad vitae supremum exitum
In an indirect statement, could there be two infinitives in the dependent clause for different purposes?
Term for urban planning?
What semantic notions underlie 'well, pit, shaft' and 'to cut, strike, stamp'?
How to say "everything will be good" in Latin?
How can I translate "Risen from the dead" to latin?
How should particle names ending in -on be treated in Latin?
A verb for Googling in Latin
Latin translation for "Remember calmness"
An idiom for disclosing a secret
What is the difference between accusative and genitive with meminisse?
Were mushrooms vegetables to Romans?
What is the difference between Asianus and Asiaticus?
How would one say "Unite/unify and conquer"?
God is Vengeful Translation Help
What does the "Lorem Ipsum" mean?
A word for form
Translation of "since 1950" (for example)
Dative–ablative ambiguity
Can anyone translate speech from a recording?
How to say "Double negation affirms by accident"?
What does Q.B.V.D. stand for on the title page of a dissertation?
Alea iacta est, plural version?
Can "alea" refer to a physical die, or only the game of dice?
"Ad populum" idiom
Are there any instances of long oblique cases of Iuppiter?
What semantic notions underlie 'octopus or cuttlefish' with 'nasal tumours'?
A stone with the incomplete inscription "IH", how old is it?
Putting a mobile phone in airplane mode
Numbers in call signs
Greek pronunciation, invisible aspirations
Why does "ῤάρος" have a smooth breathing?
George Duckworth's Vergilius?
Should motum be translated as emotions?
The pronunciation of Greek "γ"
Why isn't "Puto deus fio" grammatically incorrect?
Etymology of Otho
What declension is the name, Aeneas?
Aorist of λογαριάζω and απουσιάζω
Help with what I believe is an ablative
Why "a man" instead of "to a man" in this translation?
Why does “inferus” have /f/ rather than /d/?
On the dative of reference
What is "old" in the age of a wine?
What is an Adverbial Accusative?
New testament Romans 2:8 - Why is nominative used instead of accusative like the previous verse?
Did Romans distinguish between black and blue?
Did Boethius write in Classical, Late, or Medieval Latin?
Translating "dangerous together" for a ring
"User" in Greek in the English technical sense of the word
What is the difference between niger and ater?
What are our sources for Longinus' De sublimitate?
Could someone help with a renaissance musical translation?
Using two future tenses together
How are P.Oxy. numbers chosen?
Praeparatio in + ablative or accusative?
About Spinoza's Latin
Why is the Latin title of "How the Grinch Stole Christmas" so verbose?
Did the Romans have children's books?
What does this bit of papyrus say?
Comparing per- and de- as intensifying prefixes
Dioscuri and Discord
On the word order of "Sapere aude"
Don't let the bastards grind you down
Expressing a number of years with a single word
What would the singular of a tribes-people like Caledonii be?
What verb is wine made with?
Sappho 94: the Spaniards' completion
About Sappho's epigram for the little girl Aithopia: first line (manuscript tradition and experts' take), and authorship
What is Eura called in Latin?
Why does 'a' change to 'i' in verbs derived from 'habere'?
How would you say "cafe" in Latin?
Who first associated μαντεία with μανία?
Who asked whom about the cape of parchment? And who answered?
Is it possible to have a single Latin ligature be majuscule and minuscule?
Why would 'quamquam' have been employed in school debates?
Were there proverbs in Latin in the sense detailed by this question of mine?
Which common nouns have a locative?
How do you say, "I will remember you", or "I will never forget you," in Latin?
What does the -met ending mean in "vosmet" or "temet"
Deriving adjectives from city names
Did P.Oxy. 2288 contribute in any way to our knowledge of Sappho's hymn to Aphrodite?
On what basis does Campbell put P.Oxy. 1231 fr. 12 together with fr. 15? And why does Edmonds not? And why does C read more than Grenfell and Hunt do?
How to select dictionary translations
Who wrote the acrostics that appear at the beginning of Plautus's plays?
Latin phrase, modelled on "horror vacui", for the fear of "equality"?
Unde "partes orationis"?
Understanding the stem(s) of 'struere'
How to translate a deponent passive?
How did the Latin past participle suffix -atus develop into modern French -é?
Hushing with a finger gesture
Translating "destroy the bad" for a tattoo
How to translate "Ceteris Paribus"?
What is the difference between futurum exactum and futurum simplex?
Cum cucurbitis aegris ex aqua
Latin words for various types of diets (carnivore, vegetarian, vegan, etc.)?
What is the origin of the "veneration" meaning of dulia?
Why is it assumed that Sappho fr. 98 Campbell is missing two lines at the beginning of the first known tercet?
Etymology of "ingeniōsus" and "ingenuus"
Aeneis instead of "Augusteis"
What is the most common classical Latin word that we don't understand?
Does Classical Latin have "lilies prolepsis"?
Metaphorical translation: "To the front/vanguard"
How does one say "the will to live" in Latin?
Does Latin have a mechanism to disambiguate possessive pronouns of the same gender referring to distinct persons?
What is the difference between "ubi" and "in quo" as relative adverbs?
How to say "Graduation" in Latin?
Is the sentence "omnis res est" ("every thing is") grammatical?
Can aliquis function as an adjective?
Translating "the nature of man" in Ancient Greek
Did the Romans ever combine Greek and Latin morphemes?
What does "περσκέθοισᾱ" mean?
What to call an old people's service home?
What would be the etymologically Greek spelling of 'misogynoir'?
Where does this (Sappho?) fragment come from
Why is it "dare" and not "dāre" when most first conjugation verbs spell like "amāre"?
Where can I find standard translations of mathematics/physics terms in Latin?
What is a good translation of "there is always a choice"?
Is there any other reason to put these P.Oxy. 1787 frr. 1&2 together than Athenaeus's quotation? And what about the little Cologne scrap?
What is this extra source for Sappho 31 Campbell / 2 Edmonds?
What is the logic behind the ordering and numbering of Sappho fragments, and why did it change e.g. from Edmonds to Campbell?
What to call a book review?
About l. 13 of Sappho 31 Campbell / 2 Edmonds
Is Pluto a planet(a)?
A plausible technical term for 'boiler'
Comparing words for resistance
"Deep" Meaning of "Gloria in excelsis Deo"
When and why did the ablative form?
Quomodo "Bloomington" reddere?
Help your friends, harm your enemies
About αὐτόματος
A semantic question about αὐτόματος
Use of circumflex in Latin: Is there a difference between "hora" and "horâ"?
Books of reading medieval Latin manuscripts
Understanding vowel quantity in fieri
About the Alexandrian edition of Sappho: how were the poems assigned to the books?
Etymology of Nausicaa?
Is "anti" used in Latin?
Is there a Latin expression to say the "exact opposite of something/someone"?
Can one recreate the ambiguity of the (incorrect) sentence "You can learn writing." in Latin?
When and how did the distinction between the gerund and the gerundive develop?
Etymology and pronunciation of words ending in “-iasis”
"Through all things, kindness"
When is there a U instead of an E in gerund(ive)?
Has the meaning of any Latin adjectives narrowed in a way similar to English "gay" transitioning from a meaning of "happy" to "homosexual"?
Are theses verses strictly hexametric?
About Aristotelian ἐπιχαιρεκακία
What was Sappho's name?
How to render "'Fun is Good' -Dr. Seuss" in Latin?
About the Sappho fragment containing Doricha's name that was found first (Campbell 15, Edmonds 37)
How would this date be translated into Latin?
"Furthermore, I believe our salary should be abolished"
Has linguistic agglutination played any provable role in Ancient Greek's conduciveness to complex philosophical ideas and concepts?
The use of subjunctive in the future
What is Latin (and Greek) for "medium"? (Greek)
Is active periphrastic conjugation compulsory in consecutio temporum?
How would one say "fading away" in Greek and Latin?
What is the uncontracted form of "κεῖμαι"? (Greek)
About the formation of the word "euthanasia"
Why does Athenaeus say this is not Sappho?
How to curse someone in Latin?
Source of quote attributed to Suidas
Resources for pronouncing Latin
What is equivalent of "persona non grata" for a company?
Looking a gift horse in the mouth
Translating "fake news" in Latin
About "joyful news"
Puella Mea OR Mea Puella?
Is there a Ancient Greek or Latin equivalent to "steely eyed"?
The simultaneity of democracy in Athens and Rome
Does Latin offer a single word referring back to the preceding *two* names mentioned?
How would I say "I came, I saw, I kicked ass"?
On the etymology of "violin" and "vitula"
What is "time" in "first time"?
To aid love lost and gained
Primum non culpare?
How to translate "Politicae oeconomiae inscientia"?
Understanding "conceptus est de Spiritu Sancto"
How to "look deep into one's eyes"?
What does "noli" really mean?
How to say protect & conquer in Latin
Etymology of axioma and axis
Contradictory interpretations of a charter by King Robert the Bruce circa 1314 in medieval Latin
Scanning the inscription of The Classical High School of Tampere
Why sequundus > secundus?
How much larger are Latin texts translated into English?
Is there a Latin word for "respectively"?
Why not "Agne Dei"?
"Forests slow down army movement" translation to Latin
Event happening during action
What is on or off topic?
"If I see (...) I will describe" translation to Latin
Two unfindable words from Sappho Edmonds 12, Edmonds' version
Is the prefix "di-" more Latin-like than "bi-"?
How to translate this plaque about John Duns Scotus?
Future actions happening in sequence
Niti and straining for a stool
Reviewing the evidence of the spirantization of β (betacism) in Greek
Does learning Modern Greek improve one's knowledge of Ancient Greek?
"reges stellae" or "reges astrum" to evoke self-confident "Star Kings"?
Origin of "seize the day" as a translation of Horace's carpe diem
Asking for advice ("this or that" question)
Why is Imperative used here in Alexander Lenard's translation of Winnie the Pooh?
"How does/can one ..." translation to Latin
Imperative vs Hortatory Subjunctive
Was "dominus" or similar used with a title?
Is "Deo donante" a good translation of "God's blessing"?
How to distinguish assistant and associate professors?
How do I thank someone for helping me in Latin?
What are the most complete unattributed classical works?
What are the names of the fingers in classical Latin?
Softeners for conversational topic transitions: "Well, …", "So, …"
Translation and context of 'faciam ut potero'
Describing relative locations of material objects in Latin
Why *In medias res* and not *In media res*?
How is "Et" pronounced?
Do the toes have names in (classical) Latin?
Why did Romans refer to the ring finger as a "medicinal finger"?
Passive Subjunctive Translated as Active
Translating "God knows how much/long" and similar
Translation of Odyssey Book I lines 52–54
Two possible translations of a hymn: which is most likely right?
Translating the Finnish "adjunct professor" or "docent"
Antonym for "de profundis"?
"Et in terra pax hominibus bona voluntas" [sic!]
How to write "gate of worlds" in Latin?
"Nothing but seventh place is good enough"
What is the correct meaning of "Disciplina sollerti fingitur ingenium"?
What is the correct Latin prefix for 'two-and-a-half-times'?
E pluribus unum or Ex pluribus unum?
Two birds with one stone?
Double meaning Ex pluribus unum
Is this printing style common in Latin books?
What semantic notions underlie <the same> (in *metipsimus) and <even> (in 'même')?
How did '-met' + 'ipse' + '-issimus' compound to mean <the same> (in *metipsimus)?
Are there any Roman/Latin equivalents of the English interjections um, huh, uh, etc.?
Why is the Roman acronym SPQR and not SPR?
When to use "-que" and when to use "et"?
How do we know that the correspondence of Seneca and St. Paul was a forgery?
Is there a Latin standard for transliterating Russian?
What do we know about the Saturnian for sure?
General term for each inflected form of a lexeme
How to search Corpus Inscriptionum Latinarum for words?
What does J.S.J.P. stand for?
Translating "understand" in a conversation
Does the Latin language have an official flag?
Are there attested prohibition signs?
How did the Romans latinize foreign names (personal, place names)?
How do you translate "Who connected you to the world"?
What is a joke?
Is there an exclusive word for octopus in Ancient Greek?
Is there a good word for vacation?
From "competo" to "competition"
Why is there no definite article in the phrase Ἐν ἀρχῇ ἦν ὁ λόγος?
"Failure Is Funny" as a family motto
How to say "Time The Devourer"
How common is the genitive plural ending -um in the first declension?
If you had to make an exclusively masculine noun refer to something feminine, would you just change the ending?
What is the difference between sum and existo?
What is the most helpful dictionary for post-medieval works of philosophy and mathematics?
What is the latin learning method of the former Vatican latinist Reginald Foster?
What is the current status of Hans Ørberg's natural approach method for learning Latin?
Comparison of omnes, cuncti, and universi
How would you say, "How beautiful!"
The middle A of quadraginta
How to distinguish Julian and Gregorian calendars in Latin?
Why ĭdem instead of iddem or īdem in neuter?
Source and meaning of ἀεί ὁ ἄνθρωπος ἀριθμητίζει?
How would you translate "Not a second wasted"?
Was Nero tyrannical, despotic or dictatorial? (Greek)
Singulae aut unae scopae?
Did the Romans give names to instances of natural disasters?
What is the quantity of the "a" in "maxime"?
How did the Romans pronounce their language?
Good student edition of Terence?
What is a digit?
Genitive of Sappho: Sapphonis or Sapphus?
A Dios rogando y con el mazo dando
How do we know where the Roman prose stress was?
What is the opposite of "aegrescit medendo"?
Latin passive endings: Why is -mini sticking out
Comparing decem and -decim
Dubious passage in Archimedes
Using pro and ab in place of ante and post?
What does 'ANGLORUM REGIS QUI COR LEONIS DICTUS' mean?
What is the name of the separator dots between the words?
Are there Latin words for hair color?
What is the difference between a roman ("novel") and a "Milesiae fabula"?
Is there a Latin equivalent for "All talk but no action"?
Is there any rule to the length of "e" in "-ensis<"?
What can "dicere" mean in the context of a musical instrument?
Origin of supine form?
What is an entrepreneur?
Passive periphrastic with two datives
Hypocorism/diminutive name forms in Roman antiquity/Latin?
What does "tellus" mean?
Is there a word for a typo?
How to translate the motto: "Together we lead the way enabling Dreams and everyday aspirations for a greater good"?
What did the Romans misunderstand about Latin?
Origins and point of boustrophedon
Are there meaningful differences in meaning and usability between 'calculare' and 'computare'?
How was "VV" pronounced?
Translation of would
When did equus regain its first U?
Searching CIL based on date of the texts origin
"Super aquam refectionis educavit me..."
Statistics for why people choose to study Latin
Emeo – possibly misspelled word
Does Latin have anything like this German syntax? (dative of possession)
Graciliscenda - Quid significat?
How to translate "continued" into Latin when referring to pages in a book?
Reading a snippet of 15th century handwriting in Latin
How productive was the participle in -menus in Latin?
How is a counterfactual thought expressed in indirect speech?
Accusative--Infinitive Construction
Bullying vocabulary
Can "sequi" be used to indicate that I "follow" an argument?
Mistaking something for something
Is Kant's "De Mundi Sensibilis atque Intelligibilis Forma et Principiis" available online in its Latin original?
Peace and Good Will in Latin
(Heart) White/Bright and Absit Invidia
Quinquies and quinquiens
Why add "ei" to a sentence with "imperare" and "parere"?
Can "gēns" be used to exclude outsiders, as in English "Gentile"?
Description of Cicadas from 1866
Is there a more emphatic version of posse?
What is the Latin equivalent of “Ever Forward” as a motto?
Does Latin have an animal-based term for "coward," like "scaredy-cat" in English?
Where did the Romans think Latin comes from?
"On the run" in Latin
Velocitas eradico — "get rid of speed" or "with speed, eliminate"
Acknowledging Message, e.g. "Copy that" or "Roger"
Meaning of "signo solito"
Earliest Latin expressions for a honeymoon
Why homicide instead of hominicide?
What is the word for "reason" and what resonance does it have in Roman culture?
Unsure of translation into Latin (a letter by Jefferson)
Latin term for "false equivalence" fallacy?
Comparing similis and par
Latin for "Teaching man"
Declension case in "Quo vadis?" sentence
Why a long ē in rēx, rēgis but not in regere or regiō?
"ita" used for "adeō"
How to translate piazza?
What does [ὀλίγου] ἐμαυτοῦ ἐπελαθόμην actually MEAN?
What is the Latin word for tautology?
Comparing citizens and subjects
How would you say "we are no one"?
Which grammatical format is the double-perfect system as found in the Vulgate?
to translate 6 latin sentence sentences to english with a step by step process on how you translated it
What’s the Latin word for “information”?
Philosophically sound English translation of Duns Scotus's "sed forma non cognoscitur nisi ex operationibus"?
Does Fontana di Trevi have a Latin name?
Walking "hand in hand"
How to say 'For a [period of time]'
Does the Latin nosco come from Greek?
Can the absolute ablative be used with a prepositional phrase?
Homo Novus vs Novus Homo
Quōmodo v. Quā ratiōne
Uncommon latin year inscription
Did the ancient Romans have a myth about returning to Rome?
How do you show something from a window?
subjunctive after "Hoc est, quod"
grammar perplexity in Ficīnus
What would be a "night owl" in Latin?
What surviving sources describe the civil war between Caesar and Pompeius?
With which verb can I park a car?
How do you say "We stand upon the shoulders of giants" in Latin?
(Loose) Translation of "seize the loyal"
The (implied) meaning of "Et" in "Et in medio..." of Ubi Caritas
16th stanza of Dies irae
How do I address an email in Latin to my Latin professor?
How does one pronounce 'Servilia'?
Motto of Sir Francis Drake
Word order in latin
What's the deal with Q?
Suffix counterpart of klepto-?
Is ulula a diminutive?
Absit Invidia as a command
How has the meaning of constitutio changed?
Is there a Latin word for a deadline?
About scribal abbreviations and diacritics in digitalized book titles
Why is the comparative adjective of "clarus" not "clariusis"?
What would be a "lark" or "early bird" in Latin
Can we find a quotation from an author containing the word μεγαρτός?
How can the use of "-aeus" as an adjective suffix in "Herculaeus" be explained?
When did rhyme enter Latin poetry or song?
How can you translate the expression "Kindled embers" to preserve the meaning of smoldering chunks of coal or wood?
Meaning of "quod si"
Feedback on grammar in a Latin poem
Structure of the Aeneid
Latin for "worth a hundred times its weight in gold"
Is there a Latin idiom for a set date for an event?
Looking for the proper Latin phrasing of "Man's defender"
Fore or not Fore?
Is the B voiced in "abs"?
Can ἀνήρ refer to a woman?
How to say by/on the basis of?
Can someone translate this paragraph from the book "Proxima" for me? And is it grammatically correct?
A source of information on Roman mints
tense fluctuation in Latin narrative
Does iron have magical properties?
How do I welcome someone in Latin?
Are "vir" and "virgo" etymologically related?
The Names Amadeus, Amadeo, Amadei
How to say "lower bound" and "upper bound"?
Translation from English to Latin: How to translate formlessness?
Translation check: Servo libertatem vivere quate - Fortis est splendor infirma
Stressed syllables in certain prefixed verb forms
Can infans refer to children who can speak?
A more correct translation of the Latin paragraph in "Proxima"
How to know long and short vowels if it is not marked?
What is whole grain?
The Name Timedeus
Pronunciation when adding -que
What is the difference between ira and furor?
How to say pattern recognizer/analyzer or describe someone who can differentiate patterns?
What "ment" means in "incrementum"
What is the relation between -men and -mentum?
asustilbar (?): a strange word from the Tractatus de Herbis
Does the verb "amare" come from the babble word for "mother"?
Translation of Greek "ἅπτω" in John 20:17
(Latin) Set apart for God
"Mind the gap!"
What are the benefits of studying Latin?
What does 'iure civili' mean in Apuleius VI.23, when Cupid and Psyche get married?
Belonging in the sense of belonging somewhere
Why do some Latin adverbs have accent on the last syllable?
Are Deponent Verbs a feature of the Latin Language or Means of Translation?
Augeo et Gaudeo
Caesus et Clausus
Are there classical examples of the imperative patere?
Does any text corpus allow quantity-sensitive searches?
How to say that it rains on something?
When did "comment" stop meaning "lie"?
Maple trees in Ancient Rome
Parsing pro rata temporis
Numeral form for one pluralia tantum noun
With which verb can I borrow from other languages?
Ear To The Ground
Are there Roman examples of "of Rome" instead of "Roman"?
Is there a Latin POS-tagged corpus?
Where does the suffix "-etum" come from?
Dust to Dust, Ashes to Ashes
Did the Romans distinguish derivation and loan?
Is this meaning of usury coming from Latin?
Translating 'multos labores subierunt'
Does this adverb phrase apply to one or both verbs separated by 'vel'?
Virtue is the only Nobility
Translation from the English Apex Predator?
How did the mixed-root "anticipātiō, anticipātiōnis" form?
Was the Roman concept of "imperium" influenced by Plato?
How to parse "Dis Manibus" syntactically?
Where does "simia" come from?
Is the suffix -izo, -izare, -izavi, -izatum formal?
(Greek) Stylized Alpha
What is "site" in Latin?
Epistemic Modality
Origin and explanation of memoriae
What is "cold war"?
Is there anywhere I can go to check if my answers to worksheet questions are correct?
What would a Roman license plate number look like?
Is urgolius a Latin word, as this Wiktionnaire etymology seems to imply?
"Promise nothing" motto for a coat of arms
What is Thanksgiving in Latin?
What construction is used with φάθι εἶναι? (Plat. Rep. 6.508e)
How would you translate ἡ τοῦ ἀγαθοῦ ἰδέα into Latin?
Which adverbs of possibility and probability warrant the subjunctive?
Rules to constructing a proper compound noun in Ancient Greek
What are the nuances between ἀποδίδωμι and δίδωμι, especially in this context?
The Erat/ Fuit Conflict
About Sappho 16, ll. 6-9
Can someone suggest a medical name conveying "idiopathic unfulfilled potential"?
How do we know that the alpha in μυῖα is short and the alpha in γενεά is long?
Did I translate and understand this optative correctly? (Greek)
Why was the period between Domitian and Commodus so happy and prosperous?
How would you translate Marcus Aurelius's self-description from Greek into Latin?
What do you call an audio recording?
Nested genitive?
A range of chapters
"Email" as a mass noun / mailbox
Ordinal adjectives for single things modifying plural noun?
Speech errors in Ancient Rome
How to make sense of this articular phrase in Aur 1.17.3? (Greek)
How would one translate the sentence "Novum equum laudat"?
What is "spam"?
Is "Equus vīnum et ova portat dominō." a response one would expect to "Portatne dominō vīnum et ova"?
Would these two sentences be grammatically correct?
Writing in Latin on Windows
Future-Perfect?
Relative Clause of Purpose with Quo
Instances of Actions - Verbs into Nouns
Is the phrase 'Nec mea dona tibi studio disperta fideli' incorrect?
What's the logic of sub- in words like suppleo and sufficio?
Oratio obliqua and case agreement between accusative subject and subject in subordinate subjunctive
Is my interpretation of "Ad Astra per Aspera" correct?
how to tell when to use cum temporal and when cum circumstantial
When to use cum + subjunctive and when cum + indicative
How did the popularities of Roman given names evolve over time?
Identifying papyrus in image from my computer
is there "i" suffix that makes verb from noun? etymology of tio(n) suffix
Appropinquaretur
Does this translate to "son in law"?
Did the Romans have an expression for a national day?
Credere with Dative or Accusative
How to translate "clearance"?
A rough comparison of different derivatives of plere
Latest sports headlines in Latin: "Manchester City gets the first place"
Is "Vinicultores Illustrissimi Hungari" grammatically correct?
What is the best translation for the word timeline?
Where is the database of "Corpus Latinorum Et Mediaevalium Naturae Scriptorum", promised 10 years ago
Latin for one who doesn't believe in unicorns?
What is "soaking wet"?
How to translate "Winter Bash"?
Latin phonetic dictionary
Did 'apricus' undergo antiphrasis?
"Veni, O Sapientia..."
Mediterranean Sea name in Old Latin
What is the meaning of the phrase "solitō māiōre"?
How do you say "imply" in Latin?
"Implied Power"
Church Latin: when did the orthography change occur?
Different levels of friends
What does "ratio doloris" mean?
Latin translation of the word "software"?
Is there a colorful term for an uninvited guest?
How to translate "fan"?
A correct title for the book from the Evil Dead movies?
What was the first name of Christmas?
Meaning and etymology of 'vinnola' or 'vinola' or 'vinnus' (music term)?
Why does the substantive come second in 'mutatis mutandis'?
Doing things "out of vanity"
What does "Attero Dominatus" mean?
Can a morphologically singular collective noun be syntactically plural?
Understanding Lewis and Short: Why sūbĭcĭo and not subjĭcĭo?
Ne ... quidem with preposition
What is Latin for "relate"?
What is plant-based or vegetarian food?
What is the difference between Spiritus and Anima?
Why did the Romans link Autumn with earth and melancholy, Spring with air and sanguine, and Winter with water and phelgm?
How to translate "pesto"?
Is a 'caper' just a goat, or also a boar?
Confusion regarding reference to Latin in "Infinite Jest" book
What is an eve?
How do we know that Italian words come from accusatives, not ablatives?
"Integrily excelsior gratitude grethi sealiton” revisited
Creating a "fictional" last name, meaning "wild card"
Why is "et sine ipso factum est nihil quod factum est" translated into past tense?
What is the difference between Libera and Libra?
Why isn't accentuation recessive in ταμίαι? (Greek)
How would you say 'caring man'; Homo ________?
Feminine form of -ίδης
Inflections of Ζεύς
What is meant by "collateral" in dictionaries?
Say One Thing, Do another
How do we end up with three vowels at the end of Περικλέους? (Greek)
Different registers of urination
Did the Romans have a word for "volcano"? How did they describe Vesuvius?
What is the earliest Latin crossword puzzle?
Plural genitive endings in -i
Is there a neuter noun (word) that has different nominative and accusative form?
A polite word for female facilities
How to translate "tenure"?
Latin exclamations ending in "h"
Attempting to preemptively disqualify retort
Regular passive forms of "facere"
What is the origin of the -a in words like "collega, advena"?
How to translate "In times of pain" to classical Latin?
The length of the final vowel in first declension nouns (Greek)
Is there a classical Latin verb for furnishing?
Is there such a thing as the accusativus cum participio (a.c.p)? If not, what is this? (Greek)
Is there a Latin verb for enabling?
Translating "We are her sword" into Latin
Pentheus as "Divine Suffering"
What is the etymology and origin of the name of Dido's sister Anna?
Joke variant of US motto
Plura or pluria?
How to translate "against yourself"?
Is there any other latin translation for the english term, "Butterfly" aside from Papilio?
Is "adeptus astra telepathica" grammatically correct?
Spatial equivalent to extemporalis/intempestivus?
Did the Romans ever distinguish long vowels in writing?
Latin for 'at arm's length'
Translation into Latin: "for the love of music"
How to translate machine learning?
Is there a Latin expression one could use for "love nest"?
Is my translation (to Latin) correct for this burial quote?
Deciphering Latin text in an illuminated musical manuscript
Is visne > vin unique?
Ablative of Comparison w/ Relative Pronoun?
What case is virtutis in "prope virum summae virtutis sto"?
English to Latin translation for tattoo
Does "Ego Peccator" mean "I'm Sinner"?
Using "ad" vs. dative
Meaning of "peregrinantis desideriumanobis ocasio"
How did "glutaeus/gluteus" come from Greek "gloutos"? Would "glutiaeus" be more correct?
How to break up in classical Latin?
What is the "economy principle" in papyrology exactly?
How to capture the meaning and connotation of Self-respect, Compassion, Curiosity?
What is the etymology of the Latin name of Cambridge?
Flags flying at half-mast
Where does one find research on Latin?
What is an academic fellow?
A word for national and other cuisines
A representative work of Ovid
What is oculus a diminutive of?
How is time period expressed in Latin?
Are there other Latin words from the same PIE root as oculus?
What is an umbrella in Latin?
Napoleon/ Scipio
How would we translate "elephants are people"?
Help with paleography: What does this manuscript say?
Translation of a phrase about unknown people into Latin
Translating "Pigasus" into Greek
Does -ne affect word order?
Reflexive Pronouns & Indirect Statements
Politically (in)correct Latin
Greek word for battery
How to "undelete" in Stack Exchange in Latin?
Translation of "great by choice"
What is the Latin expression for "day one"?
What semantic notions underlie 'heat' and 'cold, moist humour'?
Revertere or reverti in transitive use?
Ancient plagiarism
A thing of flesh and blood
To What Extent Was Classical Latin Affected by Classical Greek?
What are the translations for these "cogito ergo sum" variations?
Antecedent of a Greek pronoun in the Critias
What are the most important scholarly resources for Latin and Greek historical linguistics?
Translating a Latin parody of "Pange Lingua" about a critic of the new 10% tax newly instituted in 1710
Ancient accounts of traffic
Did the ancients write that their sculpture is painted?
"The inside of the building was beautifully decorated (...)" — translation to Latin
When was a pair of Greek and Roman gods first identified?
How to translate "evaluate"?
Why is there "is" in "... dīcitur is locus..."?
damnatio memoriae
"Vessel was crafted (...)" translation to Latin
Does the phrase "orbis terrarum" reflect Ancient Roman knowledge that the Earth is a sphere?
hoc opus; aeterna sibi sit retributo vitae!
English translation of Erasmus's "Qui sit modus repetendae lectionis"
What combinations of tenses appear in periphrasis?
Puddles created by rain
What is the correct way to write "The Prince's Book" in Latin?
'quia': What semantic notions underlie 'that' and 'because'?
Elementary Grade Latin Programs: Macrons
Use of subjunctinve in a North & Hillard translation exercise
How has literature helped archaeology?
Latin word for 'the web' or 'Internet'
How to translate these sentences to Latin?
GalliJa? Was "i" between consonant and vowel pronounced "ij"?
What does "et alibi" mean?
What does D.D.P. mean in this inscription? (see image)
Is the following sentence grammatically correct?
Why do some pronoun nominatives look like vocatives?
Why σελήνη instead of ἑλήνη?
What are the moon phases in Latin?
What is "Sleep debt" in Latin?
How would I write "Hermit Farm" in Latin
Where does Pliny, or any ancient author, write about a stilus plumbeus?
Free online resources/established books for learning Latin?
Anima vs. Animus
Has any Latin literature survived through the Arabs?
Origin of the reconstructed pronunciation
Did "paganus" mean a non-believer before Christianity?
What does the prefix 'ab-' mean in the Latin verb 'abundare'?
Parsing a subphrase of an ablative absolute
Latin for clockwise/anticlockwise?
Is the female accusative singular relative pronoun quem or quam?
Where does the phrase "mors omnia solvit" come from?
Mock up of Coat of Arms
Saepe eum hic vidi/videbam
What is the meaning and history of the word Imperator?
Concerning the use of relative pronouns
What is the largest known piece of Etruscan literature?
How is stress realized in Latin phonetically?
Why is "atque" preferred over "ac" before a vowel?
Qua ratione in hoc libro Henrici Allen notæ diacriticæ ponuntur?
What does "qui cupit, capit omnia" mean?
What form of Greek was studied by ancient Romans?
Does "octopus" get a circumflex?
Does writing improve reading comprehension?
What is the preferred translation of "A leader serves" into Latin?
How and when did we get two forms of sigma?
Did any other letters than sigma ever have separate end-of-word variants?
About Sappho Edmonds 69 Lobel-Page 54 Campbell 54: why the emendation of the participle?
Translating "It came out carrying infants"
Where did the name Ulixes come from?
An edition of the whole Metamorphoses for easy reading?
References of medieval ornithology terms
What would be a traffic circle or roundabout in Latin?
An idiom for "on the road"
How did the figurative meaning of 'iniungere' develop from the literal one?
Help getting a terse Latin translation of a semi-idiomatic English phrase
What are the Latin forms behind credit and debit?
Prae- & Ante- (before)
What is the earliest known word borrowed from Latin to Greek?
Meaning of amicus omnium amicus nullorum
Invitation to a thesis defence
Need a check on Latin translation to see whether correct in context with English version
The Aeneid “facilis descensus averno” or “facilis descensus averni”
How to describe a gazette to stakeholders in Latin?
Latin name of Good Friday
Why does Latin use declensions instead of just cases and gender?
Is there a typical Easter greeting in Latin?
Good long formulation for "defence of the doctoral thesis"
Is it acceptable/regular to use diacritics (macron) in written texts?
What is "gullible" in Latin?
Is 'praestandis' in this sentence a gerund (gerundium) or a gerundive (gerundivum)?
Is credulus a diminutive?
About the "Gongyla poem": who proposed the perfect imperative?
Is there any acceptable translation for "Lux Astrum"?
What is a good Latin translation for No Rulers?
Comparing -logists and -nomists
Is the usage of "id est" in Latin exactly like the usage of "i.e." or "that is" in English?
Does Vires acquirit eundo translate to "He gathers..." or "We gather..."?
The disappearance of digamma
How "sōlā fidē" means what it is supposed to mean
Please help translate this short Latin phrase left behind by a deceased man
When transliterating from Latin to Greek, what kind of rho is used?
In which case should book authors be written?
An idiom for a young-looking older person
Does the avenger arise from bones or ashes?
Wheelock vs Lingua Latina?
What does "Scat." stands for in Latin?
Use of Infinitive
Lex Valeria Horatia de senatus consulta - spelling?
ἔερθαι: valid verb form? What verb?
Is translating texts from Latin really necessary to learn the language?
Mr Bean's Latin lyrics
What is "obituary" in Latin?
How did the literal meaning of "putare" develop into "to judge, to think, etc."?
What is analysis in Latin?
Medieval abbreviation for gens [actually, igitur]
Was Classical Latin syntax complex on purpose?
Translation of Ps 16(15), 6 (Vulgata)
How to describe qualifications?
What is the best Latin word for "career"?
Translating Jefferson's quote on priests and science
What is the correct translation and usage of "sleep"?
What do the future active participle "editurus" and the gerundive or gerund "scribendum" mean in this sentence?
Is "autem" an adversative or copulative particle?
Is δέ an adversative or copulative particle?
Accents in compound words and words with enclitics
Dictionary for New Latin words
Few are saved, many are damned
Translation of like, like when, as, as if
Why vesperascit instead of vesperescit?
"Apparently, this user prefers to keep an air of mystery about them" in Latin
Latin gender and non-binary gender identity
Latin to deduct or withhold taxes
What is the difference between conjunctive present and perfect with ne?
Cicero's De Finibus (looking for the original sentence that translate to "to be chosen but not to be desired.")
Why doesn't Caesar use the subjunctive consistently?
About certain emendations to Sappho Edmonds 76 Campbell 147
From 'Angel of God': "tibi commissum pietate superna"
Literal translation of Vulgate
What is chat in Latin?
Why do many write Latin words with both letters v & u?
What is the diminutive of κῆτος?
Why were the pronunciation of ae and oe special cases in Classical Latin?
Elevatis oculis?
Who produced and sold ancient Roman literature?
What would be the correct translation for "Out of few, many"?
Comparison of participles
"Escape from New York" movie - title and tagline translation check
Translation question for a Seneca epistle
How to say that you were just kidding?
Is "servos" accusative plural in Plautus's "is est servos ipse" and, if that's the case, why does "esse" takes accusative case there?
Understanding 'percepset' instead of 'percepisset'
Latin transliteration of Ιησούς
How to translate "associative movement"
What are the Latin names for the languages?
The Articles ὁ/τοῦ/τὸν in Classical Greek Names (Greek)
Which modern cities are urbes?
Latin term for a position which someone holds by dint of holding another position
What does Seculum Seculi mean?
"Quemcunque miserum videris nominem scias"
Did Alexander the Great change the meaning of "Hellenes"?
habitabat = dwelt?
How does ancient and modern arbitration differ?
Quintilian's name in Ancient Greek
Vowel length in future perfect indicative and perfect conjunctive
Latin word for "decided dichotomous possibility"
Do any Latin authors preserve Etruscan quotations?
Latin teacher via email
Active perfect stem conjugation and forms of esse
Can 'ex' in 'excurare' signify 'out'?
How to express one thing is more important than another?
Comparing the etymologies of the adjective and participle 'latus'
Did I translate this correctly?
How would one talk about an "algorithm"?
Are there other verbs in -uō?
The Ultimate Lifeform
Garden path sentences in classical Latin
Do other verbs use different stems for their perfect passive and future active participles?
Why is there a short ŭ in rŭtus?
"Obeying the law" in Latin
Irreal condition expressed by a prepositional phrase
Are there verbs in -o-?
Pairs like quot/tot and quantum/tantum
Which vowel combinations contract?
"Impetuum perseverantia" - "Persevere in endeavours" motto for coat of arms
Where does the infinitive 'fieri' come from?
How can participles (inflected forms) be distinguished from deverbal adjectives (derived forms) in Latin?
Where did the passive infinitive come from?
How was Roman money handled in bulk?
How can I find words matching a particular pattern?
What's the deal with the extra U in 'mortuus'?
How would you say "only when you forget you are human will you remember you are a god"?
Why were Roman dramas and actors judged inferior to Greek ones, when the former based on the latter?
How many syllables are there in 'mortuus'?
Are there iota or hypsilon contract verbs?
How would one convey "a snowball's chance in hell" in Latin?
Is the sigmatic future related to the sigmatic aorist?
What is the origin of the future suffix -b-?
Does 'fiebam' contain the same root twice?
Etymology of Ἀσκληπιός (Greek)
What is the difference between conlis and collis? (mountain)
Did meminisse ever had a present tense?
Did the Romans ever transcribe [ʃ]?
How do you say on the one hand ... on the other hand?
A few L. Euler phrases to translate
Translation help, especially with "cum bello cupiendo"
How did σσ differ from σ?
What is the proper Greek title for the Moriae Encomium of Erasmus?
What is the origin of the active perfect indicative personal endings?
Is there any relation between Bellerophon and belua?
Help finding the use of the subjunctive
Is there any explanation for the formation of "bomphiologia" as a Greek word for "verborum bombus"?
Did the Romans have a color of mourning?
Is there a Latin source for "He who is able to laugh at himself, is invincible"?
I would like to translate an english curse into proper latin
Touching emotionally
How to say "please pray for me" in ecclesiastical latin?
Fiat justitia in imperative mood?
When does si mean "that"?
I'm really having trouble with "but" (as in "except") in this phrase
Does Malta use the locative?
What would be a translation for "To have is better than not to have"?
Monumentum spelled as monimentum
Arx celebris fontibus
How to say "not safe for work" in Latin?
Heic instead of hic in a Maltese tomb
Abbreviation "D. O. M." on tombstones
Time as a Measure of Separation
How to translate "sexy"?
How to translate "in truth, beauty"
What semantic notions underlie 'hole' and a swelling, bulge'?
Translating "We see great fortune in your daughters' lives, my friend"
Where does -na come from?
How did 'ex-' + 'serere' compound to signify 'thrust out, put forth'?
Medieval irregularities in the conjugation of salveo?
Was "oscŭlum" a cultured word in Latin?
Does nux also mean a toy?
A phrase of L. Euler on functions
What is the meaning and origin of the "se-" prefix?
How to say "well done"?
-ne as an Indication of Fear in a Question
Translation verification
Cum plus Subjunctive
What is the proper parsing of "macte virtute"?
Roman children's diminutive for parents
Which verb do insects fly with?
Latin translation for "Forwards, into a standardized world"
How to speak a language with a third declension adjective?
vowel length in "pro" before "f"
Third conjugation passive infinitive: why -i and not -eri?
Ex Occulto Unitas — is that the correct syntax for a motto?
Spelling aquaeductus together
"How about" in Latin
Aut "rex Azteca" aut "rex Aztecus"?
Cur nullum genus adiectivo "vetus"?
Are there any indeclinable adjectives?
A quote for a relieving loss of a loved one
Adjectives that decline as consonant stems in the neuter plural nominative/accusative
Quōmodo rēctē "derivative of f(x)" dīcere?
Does any Latin noun originally end in -r?
How to continue doing something?
The proper phrase with "adeptus"
What is the difference between "enim" and "quia"?
Coincidental similarities between Latin and other ancient languages?
What does "in eod." stand for?
Seeing The Wood For The Trees
What is a caregiver in Latin?
Saints: sanctus or divus?
What is L&S not good for?
NSFW - Trying to create a Latin motto for a coat of arms - Edited for clarity
Is this translation of Numbers 5:3 from the Vulgate correct?
Help translating some Attic Greek
What was the most common and generic word used in classic Latin that meant "to speak" or "to talk"?
Tastes Like Chicken
Adhibeturne tempus perfectum/imperfectum aut presens cum de homine mortuo loqueris?
Vocative Gerund
Is "responsum est dilectio" the correct translation for "love is the answer"?
Is the nominative gerund attested?
Could (postclassical) cancer "lattice" be at all related to cancer "crab"?
How would you say "Free Spirit" in Latin?
Is 'hoc' ever pronounced short?
Which Latin word has the most spelling variants?
N & H Waxing Poetry: Why is "clam deductus est" used to translate "was led aside"?
Cur coniugationes systematis praesentis sunt tam dissimiles cum eae cum coniugationibus systematis perfecti comparentur?
Trying to find Latin resource I used to have years ago
Why does the verb πολυπραγμονεῖν use the noun stem and not the verb stem? (Greek)
Are there any Latin words with sharply contrasting meanings?
Can I use abesse with hinc, inde, and others?
Ablative considered as an accusative
Future: why -am instead of -em?
Why was Z used in digraphs?
Three (very similar) mottoes and a general grammar question
Is "nolī esse" grammatical?
Quippe+quod (Early Modern period)
SPQR: Why not Romani?
Can I write 'Ecce Esse!'?
What is "legendary" in Latin?
Equivalent of "-less"
Understanding "decimam decimae"
When did the Romans start using Z?
Forming compound words in Latin: helicopter
Translation of a Macklemore lyric
Are the pronoun-looking forms of quire attested?
Where does quire come from?
How would one translate "The God-Machine"?
Has "tribalis" ever been used in Latin?
What is "mechanical"?
Translating the 道德經 into Greek
What is an undergraduate student?
Idiom like "Fair enough!"
Does mentula ("penis") derive from the same root as mens ("mind"), and if so why?
Is there something like an "anti-deponent" verb in Latin?
What is "parecbolae"?
What is an opera in Latin?
"I am divided. I am balanced. I am one."
"Alligatus ego vinculis vitae" does it translate to "I am bound by the chains of life."
What does the Latin place name 'Rezii' refer to?
Proper use of De Jure and De Facto in the context of "what is" and "what is right"
What does 'fac et gaudium' mean?
What is "sense of humour" in Latin?
Where does titulus come from?
"There is" in Latin
"What are you up to?"
What would "high school" be in Latin?
How can this English to Latin translation be improved?
How would you say, "open financial system"?
How to phrase "it took two hours"?
What is the most thorough description of Hades from Greek or Latin sources?
How to write "Stand on the shoulders of giants" correctly?
How did dogs and wolves compare in the Roman mind?
Present or imperfect subjunctive in this translation exercise?
What’s the difference between meminisse and memini?
Ambiguity in "Illīus hominis fīlium laudābant omnēs"?
What is the best way to translate 'remember' into Latin?
Is there an Ancient Greek verb with this very particular (and nsfw) meaning?
How do extra and ultra compare?
Are there literary attestations of werewolves in the Classical period?
Art and science in Greek and Latin (Greek)
Latin etymology of the English word "pulchritude"
Are there well-assimilated Latin words from Semitic languages?
Vicis - no singular nominative?
When to use "ac" instead of "et"?
Help with stained glass lettering
Interchange between u- and o-stem forms in suffixed derivatives (e.g. "lectus", "lectuarius")
Correct paraphrase of "navigare necesse est" to "angling is necessary"?
Is there a difference between prose stress and metric stress?
Is "ut ostendo sursum" an accurate Latin translation of "keep showing up"?
Is this translation of a note in a map correct?
A Series of Completed Events -- or is it?
meaning of "status" and "condiciones"
Translating "child of freedom"
What is the logic behind the order of the cases
Translating: "Know and understand this king. Be sure that you make yourself a disciple of Christ the ruling King."
Ubī ūtar verbō "queō" prō "possum"?
"Felix est rex is quem omnes cives amant". Is the pronoun "is" necessary?
Why νώ (rather than νῶ) from νόω? (Greek)
What exactly are βροτολοιγῶ?
What's the translation of this Medieval document?
Quispiam, quisquam, quivis, quidam, quilibet?
In: Ablative or accusative
On Declensions and Gender
What does Geryon have to do with singing?
What does "Vivos voco pedibus ioco" mean?
Does this text make sense?
Consecutive ablatives
Quōmodo verba "in my opinion" Latīnē loquī?
Why is an accusative mode needed?
How might I write a latin phrase for swapping bodies?
Translating "Blood isn't always thicker than water."
Translating: "Christ Jesus Ultimate King & Ruler for All Time"
Regarding the mode of "terram" in Deuteronomy 28:38
What is a good deed?
Latin Bibles (other than Vulgata) available as text?
How can I say "passion for healing" in Latin?
Seeking simple Latin translation for motto "fire, flow, transcendence"
How was iī pronounced?
How the Greek word "oikonomia" got meaning of "thrift"?
Why nominative instead of accusative with verb "sum"?
Translating "do the next thing" to Latin
Translating "From Man to Woman" into Latin
About Sappho Edmonds 89 Campbell 48
A textbook for Latin
Question related to "the tree of apples" in the Bible
How would I say "as long as"?
How it's better to translate "The best house" into Latin?
Parsing Priapea IV
How do I do something "hard"?
Is it possible to predict the gender of nouns?
Latin translation of ‘Strength, love and light’
How do I negate an ut clause of result?
A few questions about a Lobel-Page critical note
Adding translation of "potential" to "ad infinitum"
What cases were used in compounds?
Agreement in "medio tutissimus ibis"
What is the Latin Homophonic Group?
Why is the ablative used here instead of the genitive
Is "que" or "et" better for a “God and Family” tattoo?
What is the meaning of "e pluribus smart assimus"?
Does a form "spiritum", second declension neuter, exist?
Can cases be replaced with prepositions + nominative?
About P.Oxy. 1787 fr. 9
Remember Redemption
Where does strīx come from?
How would you say "see me" in latin?
Extra syllable in "foedus"
Translation: Out of my death, new life
Mors mea or mors meī?
Is this translation of "United we light the Way" correct?
How to say "viral" in Latin?
How to translate "morning breath" into Latin?
Meaning of Aquae Sextiae
Identifying corrupted Sappho fragment or mention of Sappho found in just-newly-found-online Spanish edition of Sappho
Is there a canonical list of Latinized names?
What is the etymology of the word "anterior"?
Identifying alleged Sappho fragment from mishmash on otherwise generally good online resource
If arm is 'arma', why is unarmed 'inermis' and not 'inarmis'?
Did any Ancient Greek words have intervocalic /h/?
What forms are the verbs in "Omnibus rebus paratis, Caesar milites naves conscendere jussit"?
Why didn't Byzantine emperors after Justinian II have a Latin name?
How would I emphasize a definite noun? (Greek)
Latin phrase that means, dissolve and reintegrate
Latin phrases adopting an imprecise/incorrect meaning in English (or other languages)
Tracing apparent book-IV colophon not found in Voigt but found in a Spanish Sappho book based on Reinach's French edition
Figuring out the grammar of Edmonds 57 (Edmonds' version of the part in cruces of Lobel-Page 46)
What did "actuālis" actually mean in Latin?
How do I say “everything started here”?
'videlicet': How did "it is permissible to see" semantically shift to mean "that is to say"?
Latin terms in (medical) clinical letters - UK
How to say "Born to Heal" in Latin?
About P.Oxy. 1787 fragment published in Lobel's Σαπφοῦς μέλη
When did the infinitive of purpose arise?
Translating "It runs in our blood" into Latin
What does "ob" mean in a money context?
What is the difference between ingenitus and innatus?
Audio and video... and tango?
Wondering how to translate imperfect subjunctives (in a conditional sentence)
Translating "jerusalem duplici jugo gravata" into English
How do you call your aunt's or uncle's spouse?
Etymology of "salarium" and its connection to salt
Ūtāturne linguā Latīnā aliquis adverbō «ferē» velut linguā Anglicā verbō «almost» ūtimur?
When and where to use which construction expressing purpose
"Blood for the Blood God" vs "Gloria In Excelsis Deo"
Passive versus active voice for "increasing" verb
Did Latin have any ergative verbs?
Translation of a phrase "Catch the moment, ..." to Latin
What does "Sion respectat dominus" mean?
Is there an aoristic-perfective distinction in the Latin perfect?
How do I find uses of a word in Ecclesiastical Latin?
How would I say ‘act accordingly’ in latin
How would I say "fallen" in a Christian sense?
Idiomatic phrasing of "to the [cardinal direction] of [something]"
Do plural names referring to a singular thing require a plural verb?
How to get "almost everything" from "vix non quaedam" in this translation of a sentence from J.J. Fux?
How do I say "this is mine"?
What makes a syllable "heavy" or "light"?
How do you say 'tidy up'?
The idiom "poenas dare" is translated passively. Why?
Shouldn't "decursus" be accusative in Psalm 1:3?
Excelsior aude?
What is the equivalent of "Making someone feel he is indebted" in Greek?
Pun on Leibniz quote
What is the Latin joke here?
What is the difference between nego, ignoro, and nescio?
Does "Iulus" predate Vergil?
What is up with these codices?
How to translate "The stolen letter of Arithmetic"
Case of the adjective in "made someone more something"
How would I talk about supernatural "possession"?
About Sappho Lobel-Page 152
Does the word "negotium" literally mean "not otium"?
What is 'leading the way day and night' in Latin?
Tantibus: genuine Latin word, or made-up?
About an Athenaeus quote marginally related to Sappho
What is the difference between "novi" and "scio"?
future passive imperative of a verb + fuit (perfect active indicative of 'sum') =?
Can enclitics be chained?
Do non-Attic-Ionic dialects distinguish the accusatives of the ἀσπίς and χάρις types?
Who carries something ending in -ium?
About Sappho Lobel-Page 104(a)
Can "libella maris" be "sea level"?
How often is "et" used as an adverb, and what might distinguish that usage?
About the part in cruces of Sappho Lobel-Page 46
Why is the ϝ' in Sappho Lobel-Page universally thought to be a female (AFAIK at least)?
About Sappho Lobel-Page 101
About Sappho Lobel-Page 119
Sappho Lobel-Page 39: μάσλης vs. μάσθλης
How can I look up words with digammas?
ἰχθύβολος ἄναξ, Fisher King (Greek)
Latin etymology of Spanish "tarde"
What is the origin for the act of "sex" and definition?
Are there swearing euphemisms in Latin?
What sort of Greek words are regularly distinguished only by tone?
How do you say "One Death" in Latin?
What is a ball as in meat ball?
Expressing English modalities of advice in Latin
Can I pluralize letters of the alphabet?
Noun adjuncts in Latin
Use of Greek article in Latin to clarify use of foreign indeclinable nouns
New to Latin—why is the Present Indicative sometimes at the end, and sometimes in the middle of a sentence?
A word for protector of nature/animals
Are there any relationships between the given name Pompeius and the city name Pompeii?
Fortune Favors the Bold
Pliny 8.95 - Translation question
Why is dignetur used as if it were in the active voice?
Inars > iners: how is this change called?
Can the adjective "paucus" carry this meaning?
Translating "You always have a choice" into Latin
Meaning of phellos in the epithet for Quercus phellos, the biological/scientific name for the willow oak?
A classical Latin phrase for "all or nothing"
Did Classical Latin stress impact any sound changes?
The tradition for Sappho Lobel-Page 144
Are there attestations of Greco-Latin contact languages from antiquity?
Why is the accusative not used in Judges 5:23?
How did 'interesse' shift from meaning 'to be between' to "to concern, make a difference, be of importance"?
Out of the primeval spirit of place Sertor made it, 2237
Is there a difference between 'pluvia' and 'imber'?
What is "terror" in Latin?
"Malo" in Motto Maelstrom
Is there support for claiming -gn- was pronounced as /ŋ/ in classical Latin?
Does "plurimi" imply "vast majority" in Augustine's Enchiridion?
What categories of substantives of the second declension are feminine?
What is a "monster" in Latin?
Can "quam" be used as a mere intensifier to a superlative?
How should "Aurora's Vow" be translated into Latin?
What is "transcendence"?
Plural in 4th declension
Nihilominus and nonetheless, related?
Reference for "Ab esse ad posse valet consequentia"
Did Scipio Africanus prevent a betrayal of Rome?
Requests with 'posse'
Does *meditari* mean "measure"?
Caesuras in Phalaecian verses
Meaning of "naturam unibilitatis"
What is the difference between "return" and "yield"?
Plural genitive in 1st and 2nd declension - how were mixed genders treated?
How to resolve ambiguities with the infinitive
Translating "in love and friendship forever"
How about "From Many, Few"?
Sappho Lobel-Page 136: to amend, or not to amend?
Need help translating a 16th century inscription
Seeking a Classical quote for an epigraph
Is the palatalization of "d" between "a", "i" or "o" and "ie" or "iu" only a Medieval Latin phenomenon?
Need translation Please of: Promissary of the future
Hesychius quote: where are those words from?
Paraphrasing Prometheus Bound (Greek)
Did the Romans 'tip' for good service?
How to translate "Through adventure to the stars" into Latin
Why is plural of “mons pubis” not “montes pubum”
Translating "Mother's son" into Latin
Case of "leo" in Judges 14:5
Does this translation make sense?
What's the Latin or Greek for ladybug?
Was the name "Sasan/Sassan" often spelled with a double S in Latin or Greek?
A question about the Swedish "bildning"
What does a versipellis turn into?
succinct translation of 'what stands in the way becomes the way', or 'the obstacle is the way'
Why choose σ versus σσ in Hebrew loans?
Is this a correct Latin Translation for my businesses motto?
When I went to translate "Fraternity Officer" into Latin with a free online dictionary, and I came up with this
How do you translate this sentence (I thought I knew something, then I realised I knew nothing) to Latin?
"Every Branch Shares The Same Root" - having trouble translating "Shares"
Do barbarians have nomina?
Anima ad infinitum or anima infinita?
How can you tell whether prefixed ‘in-’ is the preposition ‘in’ or Indo-European ‘in-’?
The spelling of τηλικοῦτος
Does "divertere" ever meant "to have fun/entertain" in Latin?
What does the verb "luere" mean in the Angilberti carmina?
Can someone help me translate the following passage in Latin into English?
What do I do when a pronoun refers to both a male and a female?
Most used word for "quince" in classical Latin
Is my rephrasing of this purpose clause correct?
Life is fleeting, “vitae est labilis”?
Translating "accept the journey" into Latin
In what contexts, exactly, did Augustus use the name Octavianus?
What was the sibilant in θάλασσα?
What is the general word for a religious ceremony or observation?
What is the function of ποτὲ in «πολλάκις ἐθαύμασα τίσι ποτὲ λόγοις Ἀθηναίους»? (Xenophon, Memorabilia, 1.1.1)
Dating the penult rule
When and how was "bombax!" used?
«θύων τε γὰρ φανερὸς ἦν πολλάκις μὲν οἴκοι» (Xenophon, Memorabilia, 1.1.2)
Is the phrase professor emerita grammatically correct?
About the "element + plural verb + et + element" word order
Are there Latin angry oaths like the English "damn it!" or "for God's sake!"?
Why is there a Q in SPQR?
«ἐστὶ γνωρίζειν καὶ οὐδεμιᾶς ἐπιστήμης ἀφωρισμένης» (Aristotle, Rhetoric, 1.1)
Where does the word "thlypis"/θλυπις come from?
what does “less correctly” mean in the Lewis & Short?
When did elision fall out of use?
What would a 5th-6th century learned Latin pronunciation have sounded like?
How do I access the Oxford Latin Dictionary online?
How did 'et' and 'iam' compound to signify "even" in 'etiam'?
in order of temporal proximity
How to choose correct word variants?
Express "female strength" in Latin
What to call a visa in Latin?
Parsing Priapea 31
Which are the longest words in Latin?
More on the 'honorificabilitudinitatibus' citation
Translating "day one" into Latin
Making a strong machine vs. making a machine strong
Why would the prae­po­si­tion "per" ᴇᴠᴇʀ take an ab­la­tive in­stead of an ac­cu­sa­tive com­ple­ment?
Accusative in genitive relative clause with verb finiebat
Is it idiomatic to say "Intellego" to assure the speaker you're understanding?
What did the Romans think about female leadership?
What does con- in "conceptus" mean? How does it relate to "a thing conceived"?
Translating "order of protection and conservation"
What does "dives fluminarum" mean?
Is Nietzsche's proposed etymology of "bonus" (good) correct?
how to interpret the diminutive-suffixed adj. **lacteolus**
Where did the Latin language get its infinitive verb endings from?
On the etymology of "conundrum"
Putting "spread" on a bread in Latin
Ancient greek translation exercise - narration, meaning of singular *οὔτε*
on the word–analysis of ‘viridis’
Is there a verb for people of the same sex marrying in latin?
Can "illa" be used to mean "there?"
Did the "-ālis" and "-āris" suffixes have the same meaning in Latin?
Inlustrus: A conundrum
Differentiating possessive and non-possessive uses of the genitive
how to interpret ‘formosus’ via its morphological components
Why did the Ro­mans per­ceive dark­ness, ᴛᴇ­ɴᴇ­ʙʀᴀᴇ, as a plu­ral count noun?
Could we say "dies mirabilis" as we say "annus mirabilis"?
What is a boyfriend or a girlfriend in Latin?
Understanding "jam nunc"
Reflexive Pronouns
How to search for nouns ending in -ile?
Latin usage & perfect passive finite verb forms
How to better distinguish words in Gregorian Chant?
How to say "the word as a weapon"?
The use of participle in "Ceres a generendo"
"Extinguat et me, ne manu nostra cadat!"
Did "supradictis" ever meant "aforementioned"?
What declension are θορυβος and κοσμος?
How to say "of the" as in "Church of The Blessed Virgin" with the sense of "belonging to" or "patronage"?
Did the Romans really speak of "mare nostrum"?
History of grammatical term "Clause"
Can you please fix the mistakes in translating these prayers from Koine Greek to English (Part 1 of 2)?
Can you please fix the mistakes in translating these prayers from Koine Greek to English (Part 2 of 2)?
Timeline of classic grammarians
Unde "Laelaps"?
When was the dual number used in Attic Greek?
Translating "If the minimum wasn't good enough, it wouldn't be the minimum" into Latin
"Ite, missa est." Direct meaning of "Missa est"
How do you address someone in a case other than the vocative?
Issues with the lyrics of the UEFA Nations League anthem
Hexametric Greek names
How to phrase "I like the way you think" in Latin?
Understanding a reference to Corpus Inscriptionum Latinarum
How was the "elliptical dual" used?
Why was ante tribus translated as "fifteen years ago"?
Help translating "There is no god above an awakened man"
Exactly what is a declension?
Was there any difference between "grātĭa" and "făvor"?
An error message in Latin for my programming language
Why "dilatasti" instead of "dilatavisti" in Psalm 4:2?
How to say "me importa un comino" (or equivalent) in Latin?
Translation check: propter scientiae amorem
Meaning of “supra se servitium”
Present Subjunctive Passive
How did the "injunctive" work?
What was the standard ancient term for a thermopolium?
Origin of "lunatĭcus"
What would this pun mean?
"Alēctō" or "Allēctō"?
Translating "Father knows beer best" into Latin
Translating 'creative by nature' / 'naturally creative' into latin
How long was the privative alpha?
"Over promise under perform" motto
"Explaining oneself" in Classical Latin
How does one "imitate into everything"?
What is a forum in Latin?
Are there Classical Latin words whose meanings are unknown to us?
Irradians sata læta
What to call a Christmas present in Latin?
Identifying papyri
How to translate "from nothing to existence" preferably keeping ambiguity
Are there Classical attestations of specifically "Etruscan" deities?
what is the rationale for modern pronunciation of Latin in music
Is *digne* an adverb in the "Munda cor meum" prayer?
Aperio - to reveal?
the pronunciation of _excelsis_ in Ecclesiastical Latin
Minimal pair [y] – [y:] in Latin
Is there a Latin 'studiare'?
Quo mortuo nuntiato (Cicero) // Ab urbe condita nuntiata (?)
Where does "lascīvus" come from?
What augmentative options are there in Latin?
How is the subject of the verb identified in this verse of the Vulgata?
Why can’t we wipe the slate clean in Latin?
Is 'datus' used for a date in Latin?
On the (typical?) ambiguity of "Porta clausa est"
Word construction like "philanthropist" but regarding silence instead of humankind?
How complex a motion event can be in Classical Latin
Why is it thought that T resisted assibilation after another T?
Why does Google Translate have trouble with Latin?
"Semper" in the beginning of a sentence
Someone of someplace
Help with paleography in a 16th century grant
Subject-verb agreement when the subject is a dominant participle construction
Names of main Tintin characters in latin?
Different greek cases for Theos
aret = aridus est?
What is a derivative for the Latin word, liberi (children)?
Why is it Iuppiter rather than Iuppater?
Could "essentia" be understood in Latin as "the act of being"?
Translation of "It's not my job, I'm not paid to do that."
Plus quam umquam sciebas oblitus sum
How to construct the title of a house: House of the Large Cups?
If these Greek characters ever had alternative orthographies / typographies
Comparing 'ita' and 'sic'
How essential are the demonstrative pronoun declensions?
When to omit a preposition?
A translation for 'stirrup'
Translation of ‘I am, therefore I thank’
What is this letter?
How do postpositions fit into Latin syntax?
(Greek) what's a "γε causal"?
How to express "the best myself" in latin?
Request to convert name into Latin
"Oro Dominum" vel "Oro ad Dominum"?
How do I break someone's heart?
What does "Pulchre vive, vehementer somina, ardenter ama" mean?
What does "Dominus providebit" mean?
How many words are in the Latin language?
Telling Time in Latin
Is the third person passive perfect of a verb a source of nouns, e.g. "benedictus" from "bendico"?
"Deus meus", aut "Deus mī"?
How to say "Promethean"
Link to download Cambridge Latin course
Why did "cattus" replace Latin "feles"?
What is the Latin name for the Romani people?
παντοκράτωρ - a matter of power or authority?
Were "meridiem" and "mediam diem" in free variation in Latin?
Why not "eminentissimus" and "reverendissimus"?
Is there a gerundive of "faciō"?
Natural or unflavoured products
'plecto, plectere, plexi', -tor/-sor form (agent noun)
Does the agent noun always come from the perfect participle stem?
Latin form of Igor
Why is "mecum" backwards?
Less complicated Latin texts to continue reading after highschool
Why and when would "num" be used?
Choosing a "wait" - exspecto, opperior or maneo
Is this "Veni vidi vici" spin-off translation correct?
Were enclitics considered part of a word for stress purposes?
Roman adage: The best death
Is *rīcus attested?
How do you translate 'nega frequenter'? Is it 'deny frequently' or 'rarely deny'?
Scius as the name for a company
Phrasing "based on" in Latin
Expect the Unexpected
ἤ = vel or ἤ = aut?
need translation of thomas merton for epitaph
What does 'i' mean in Latin
What semantic notions underlie 'untie, separate' with 'solve, explain'?
How many letters are words in Latin?
Did the word "citione" meaning "bump in the head" exist in Latin?
Phrasing "I am enough" in Latin
'Forward, Warsaw!' in Latin?
"Ae" pronounciation
How did the Romans say what year it was?
Are there any words in Latin that are "light"?
Translating "Love has no age, no limits, and no end" into Latin
Translating "I will be called Thomas." into Latin
Checking translation of "optimus magister is fuit qui scivit quid discipuli peterent: auxilium"
Which Latin verb was closer to the current meaning of English "solve"?
On the literal meaning of "in saecula saeculorum"
When did σχ become [ʃ]?
<quality> even for being a <noun>
Do we know how Greek dialects sounded?
Do we ever see "in saeculo saeculorum"?
Translating a Latin phrase from an animated show
Why is "ita vero" two words?
How do you say "three times a week" in Latin?
Are vestiges or influence of the instrumental case in any way identifiable in Latin and Greek?
On the use (or not) of genitive in some verses of the Vulgata
What did σκάλα exactly mean in Byzantine Greek?
How accurate is the typical definition of a deponent verb?
Gradient Descent and Backpropagation in Latin
How many Greek letters are there?
How do I translate "On the Nature of Renewal" into Latin?
Did the Greeks or Romans have future fiction?
A translation into Latin of the medical term "curative intent"
Received pronunciation in Ancient Greek
How to pronounce 'que' and 'angeli'?
How to translate "Carpe That Diem" properly into Latin?
Checking translation of "ubi vitam amavisti, illuc reverteris"
How to say "shake hands" (or handshake) in Latin?
Trying to come up with a sort of wordplay phrase that translates to “power takes control”
Are "magister" and "majesty" etymologically related?
Translating sentence but how do I deal with conjugation - if it's plural in English, is it plural in Latin?
Uter vs. Uterque
Trying to translate 'Blood promises glory'
Why aren't cardinal numbers over three inflected?
Etymology of "immediatus"
Etimology of the word "σκευή"
What is the latin word for "smoked" or "cured"?
When are -ns words used with accusative direct objects?
Where does the saying "Quod licet Jovi not licet bovi" come from?
Did "benedicere" ever mean "to blaspheme"?
Parsing "Vale, o valde decóra" in the Ave Regina Caelorum
Can "ee" appear in Latin?
Conjugation/grammar for fictitious title
How to modify 'inter arma enim silent leges' to mean 'in a time of crisis, the law falls silent'?
Verbal Adjective of Necessity vs. Possibility
Translation for “Made by” or typical Latin equivalent
Can someone check my translation?
How do you pronounce "Aeclepiadae"?
Did Google Translate give me a literary grade translation of "to the end of the chapter."
"I came, I saw, I am playing" = "veni, vidi, ludo"?
What sort of grammatical construct is ‘Quod per sortem sternit fortem’?
Lost and Confused
Translation needed for 130 years old church document
Translation of the Word Συντέλεια
Lost and Confused--Supplemental
When did unsyncopated forms become archaic?
When did the penult stress rule disappear?
What is the Latin word for "will", as in "willpower"?
Do any non-second-declension neuter nouns end in m?
What does the f. adjective "tulda" mean?
When were neuter nouns used in the vocative?
How do I say "Brexit" in Latin?
What consonants can a noun stem end in?
Latin name of "Roman Dodecahedron"?
Is "eloquii mystici" a correct translation of "sorcerers/enchanters"?
How were Greek patronymics stressed in Latin?
Understanding the use of "regnavit"
Cum = When (Imperfect Subjunctive)
How to translate without verb form?
What do we know about Vulgar Latin pronunciation?
Did the Romans mention any excavations?
How to say "Do not be ..." in Latin?
Do the Romans write about "converting" foreign gods?
Genitives like "axeos"
please translate, ‘forward, always forward’. and ‘what’s behind us is behind us’. thanks
How did vulgus get its ending?
Why the placement of the verse break between John 7:21-22?
Please translate: "Bacon Machine" (Apologies in advance for the somewhat silly question)
"exoritur" in Ennius' dactylic hexameter
Is "history" a male-biased word ("his+story")?
Exact meaning of aurora in canon law?
Could applying assimilation affect meaning?
Syntax of Ille: "numquam est ille miser cui facile est mori"
What does the “word origin” mean?
How do I locate a classical quotation?
When were different agent noun endings used in Ancient Greek?
Etymology of ambulance
Are there gender-neutral names in Latin?
"The ignorance and the hubris (arrogance) of our adversaries is our biggest asset."
Meaning of "SEVERA INDEOVI VAS" from 3rd Century slab
How are "Arsaces" and "Gotarzes" declined, and why?
What do these Greek words say? Possibly 2nd century
Check this translation of Amores 1.3.26
Can "nemo" be an adjective?
"Oh no!" in Latin
How to do indefinite person with verbs
When is "ei" a diphthong?
Do vowels before /j/ make diphthongs?
Understanding entries in Latin dictionary
Ovid, Metamorphoses IV
Nemo te alius pari potestate saepius profuit (Apul. Florida 9)
Why is Descartes Latinised as Cartesius?
Expressing outrage
I am looking for the correct translation of love for the phrase "in this sign love"
Translation of Scottish 16th century church stained glass
Self-teaching: Good resource for learning subjunctive
What dialect are the Antikythera Mechanism inscriptions in?
Pronouncing Homer as in modern Greek
Does "Dominei" mean something?
Etymology of Fortasse
Usage of Exigo, Exigere
Does this NY Times article give a proper etymology of "procrastinate"?
Understanding "audieritis" in Psalm 94
Do contracted perfects have long or short vowels?
Difference between "immergo" and "summergo"
Gerundive Confusion
Need pithy translation for "I fall, yet I rise again"
Sequence of Tenses: Translating the subjunctive
How do we know how -iī and -iit perfects were stressed?
What is the etymology of the suffix -aster, -astri?
Quality of final ĕ ĭ ŏ
How many types of so-called “predicative Gerundives” can be differentiated in Latin?
Translate "Quiet your mind"
What did the Greeks and Romans call their pets?
On the absence of impersonal passives of deponent verbs
Male personal names ending in -um
Are the names of these months realistic?
How often were names ending in -um used in real life?
How were names ending in -ιον used in Greek?
Prodigo = pro + ago?
Was the old ablative pronoun "med" or "mēd"?
What is a romance in Latin?
How obligatory is the predicate in a dominant participle construction?
Omission of a repeated verb in second part of a μέν ... δέ
Did Frontinus mention siphons?
How to correctly translate phrase "knowledge builds upon knowledge"?
An idiom for working as something
Using "R" to mark vowel length
How things change in Latin
Switches between Direct & Indirect Speech in Suetonius
What would the Romans have called "sorcery"?
What does "enim et" mean?
Is this symbol for the letter N common?
How would you say "same thing" in Latin?
How do you translate: What things, then, will you do?
A Question about a Portion of Jerome's Preface to Judith
Is ipsum/ipsa/ipse a third person pronoun, or can it serve other functions?
Present Participles: can "respicienti" be part of an ablative absolute in this sentence?
Switches Between Direct & Indirect Speech in Suetonius-Supplemental
How to say "search warrant" in Latin?
Translation norms: a dash instead of "esse"
In what sense is a university (universitas) a whole?
Looking for Correct Greek Translation for Heraclitus
Is rough vs smooth breathing predictable?
Is this translation right?
How to say "Indiana Jones" in Latin?
How would one say 'Spirit Subjugator' or something similar in Latin?
Looking for a direct quote from Heraclitus expressing that everything changes
Help translating short poem for book
When to use accusative and nominative?
How to read αἱμύλιος or when to aspirate
How should this sentence be translated to Latin?
Feedback on Latin to English Translation
Such A Precedent
Was η called "eta" or "heta"?
Where did the Greek sibilant letters come from?
How to say 'striped' in Latin
How to download an entire text from Perseus?
How do I type Macrons on an Android device?
Declining "dulcis" in context
Deploying "Ut"/ "Quod"/ "Quin" plus Subjunctive
Are there Roman accounts of Easter?
Does 'ipse' truly mean change?
On the interpretation of "ipse" in anticausative constructions
How do I say "this must not happen"?
What is the connection between figs and pride in the word Caprificus?
How do the statistics definitions of 'accuracy' and 'precision' relate to their etymons?
What semantic notions underlie 'loosen, release' and 'able to pay all one owes'?
How does the notion of 'limpidity' explain the etymology of 'liquidated' in 'liquidated damages'?
Did 'liquidus' or 'liquo' mean 'abolish' and 'destroy, kill'?
Can 'non' with gerundive mean both lack of obligation and negative obligation?
Did the Romans create any irregular verbs?
How to determine if "senissimus" is a Latin word?
How to translate "Argument To Proof of Work"
What is the term for extremely loose Latin word order?
Ethics of Spinoza - Translation of "sit" and "satis"
μετὰ τοῦτο ἄκουε (Symposion.215)
Why there are several words for swimming?
How to find the stem of any word?
Translate "Strong by Choice"?
What papyrus is this?
Herodot 2.124 ("τὴν ἔδειμαν ἔργον ἐὸν")
Composites from -σις words
Fair Enough--Revisited
"ne paelici suspectaretur" (Tacitus)
Trouble with the adjective "my"
Is long vowel feature completely lost in deviated languages?
Is Cola "probably the best-known" Latin word in the world? If not, which might it be?
Meaning of "individuandum"
What would be a literal translation of "Satan"?
How can I intensify a phrase?
Is the U long or short in the forms ussi and ustus of the verb ūro?
Are the words "negative", "nego" and "niger", "nox" cognates?
Do the Latin words rēs/rēx have the "speech" meaning?
Is latino sine flexione dead?
Do the Latin have the cognate verb/noun for words maximus, magnus?
Are the Latin word “focus” and the Old Slavonic пещь (peshch') "stove" cognates?
Pronunciation of numbers with respect to years
Are the Latin word "octo" is derived from the serial number of the letter "h" in the alpabet?
What semantic notions underlie 'join together' and 'impose, inflict' (ie injunct)?
What is the "apparatus fontium"?
Was "Pascha" ever used as a neuter first-declension noun?
How do you say ‘You will heal’ in Latin?
weird pluperfect subjunctive in Eutropius
What did the Etruscans call their letters?
Do first-declension neuter nouns or adjectives have plural forms?
Is crescere the correct word meaning to to grow or cultivate?
Latin original for "Would you have a great empire?" saying, by Publilius Syrus
Words belong to the first and second declension at the same time
Translation of "invincible independence"
Is the Latin word verenda a noun? If so, which lexical root it has?
English to Latin translation
What is the difference in meaning/usage between "nasciturus" and "nascendus"?
Tracing mysterious line ends in a combination of Sappho fragments found in an Italian anthology
A Latin text with dependency tree
Are there Latin verbs with Greek cognates in all four conjugations?
How were fractions written and pronounced?
A Quas/ Quarum Conflict
What do "KAL." and "A.S." stand for in this inscription?
Translation of the latin word 'sit' in Thomas Aquinas' works
When did the infinitive in -ier fall out of use?
The lexical root of the perfect tense forms differs from the lexical root of the infinitive form
"Fīliolō me auctum scito, salva Terentia"; what is "me" role in this phrase?
What is Plautus’s pun about frustum and frustrum?
Does anyone know of a resource that lists 'root morphemes' of latin words?
Quote from Leibniz
Which case is used for titles?
Longest Text in Latin
Greek: indirect discourse / sequence of moods after κελεύω etc.?
Meaning of "amore honora, libertatem cura"
Greek: Function of ὅτι in 2Cor 2:14-15
From which Greek dialect did Hebrew borrow *awēr* "air"?
A poem about looking back without regret
Etymologically, does the "pro-" in "procreo" have a specific referrant?
Is "their" being masculine or feminine?
A latin word for "area of interest"
The opposing meanings of the word donec?
Translate in context
Keep on dreaming
Latin words remembered from high school 50 years ago
Why use nominative in Coniugatio periphrastica passiva?
Mihi legendum/legenda est?
Nunc est bibendum: gerund or gerundive?
Would You Have a Great Empire--Revisited?
What would a Roman call modern necromancy?
Is "oppido" (adverb) related to "oppidum"(noun)?
"Etiam si omnes" and "Et si omnes"
Can anyone translate this old headstone from Germany?
Why is the phrase "horror vacui" commonly interpreted as "nature abhors a vacuum"?
Imposing Conditions On The Conditional
How do I translate "Putting many ducks into space"?
Nominativus cum infinitivo
What should we call the space beyond the world?
Can you please help me understand passages from an alchemical text?
What is the Tinctura Physica?
looking for a pair of texts in a Greek/Latin comedy
Subjunctive mood in comparison
Did the Romans make bilingual puns?
Translation of "Do it for her"
Grammatical analysis of comparative parts (i.e. "tam … quam", etc.)
Grammar of "Nec huic publico, ut opinantur, malo turba tantum et imprudens uulgus ingemuit"
Socratic Paradox
What is the original, most earliest meaning of 'Nostrum'?
Is EUM the only possible translation for HIM as direct object?
Genitive with assigno
What is the correct translation for "The story is not over"?
Do any Latin authors mention other Italic languages?
Translation: that which was to have been made
"eandem esse rationem totius et partium"?
Etymology of 'calcit(r)are'?
First use of capital letters
Translating 'Liber'
Can one create a diminutive of a truncated form of "frater"?
nuance of difference in etymology of "intend" and "attend"
Do we have evidence of clipped words in Latin?
Are there specific exceptions to the rule of lengthening a vowel before "ns" or "nf"?
Could Atlas Ad Astra mean "A collection of maps to the stars"?
Is this an actual quote from Euripides?
In ancient Attic Greek, how (un)stable were "ΝΣ"/"ΝΖ" and preceding vowels?
What is the translation for: "for those I love I will sacrifice"
Where can I get a reliable list of words with macrons on?
I need help translating two sentences into Latin
The instances where verbs might take the genitive case
Does "aurea" have the second meaning?
What is known about the feminine natural gender for trees in classical Latin?
Can I submit a manuscript with 'submittere'?
Does Latin "pingo" relate to "pix"?
How many vowel qualities did Oscan have?
Pro paganos civitate est civitate dei
Why "amatus est" instead of "*amavitur"
The meaning of 'belgicare' in Notker Balbulus
Proper way to say "Traveler's Writ/Licence/Certificate"
What is a "sockpuppet"?
"Never/do not forget, always remember" in Latin
Understanding a sacrifice in Horace's carmen 1.5
Latin sentences from 1683 epitaph
Branches of Roman military in Latin
Latin phrases in 1787 letter from Danish bishop
Tantum religio potuit suadere malorum – Lucretius
Why aren't there more letters representing consonant digraphs in Greek?
Greek font with legible diacritics
Is there a descriptive modern Latin grammar?
How did "djēm" avoid palatalization?
How do I say "Remember to dream, to know thyself, and to keep above as below." in Latin
Is this an accurate way to translate "addiditque sermo mihi est ad te cui ait loquere et ille"
Does any Greek word have a geminate consonant after a long vowel?
'exert' : How can you 'attach or join out' something?
How's the etymology 'exert' "probably due to antithesis with inserĕre"?
"Luck is for the unprepared"
Using genitive and infinitive to describe characteristics
"Per aspera ad astra" or "Ad astra per aspera"?
Does Latin have any neuter words for humans?
What are auscultatores?
Question concering Novuum Lumen Chemicum, «Terrae nostrae per XI. gradus XI. grana» «pars decima cum una parte»
is there anything grammatically incorrect with this prose poem?
Translation of the Sator Square
Dies and the fifth declension
Ad- instead of co- as a prefix for morphism
"ferro se petentem"
Is ulcantur a subjunctive of ultus?
Is Hades ever associated with iron?
Sentences with no verb, but an ablative
Did the Romans abbreviate the days of the week?
How did the Romans call the days of the week?
Phrasing "it says" or "it reads"
How do you say "Is it better to speak or to die?" in Latin?
What do I do when "ait" fails me?
The Purpose of "Natu"
Is this a question or an affirmation?
The Nominative Case Uses
“We are triumphant while our enemy sleeps” in Latin
Why does the Misal rico de Cisneros uses the word "Qiſſa", and what is it supposed to mean? Why not "Miſſa" (Missa)?
Is there a Greek word meaning to purr?
In high enough pressure shit becomes a diamond
When did the classical period of Latin end?
How was 'fissiparus' mistakenly analogized with 'vīviparus'?
Classical Greek for 'You came home to our hearts with your shield'?
How do you say "translation" in Koine Greek?
How would you translate γέγονεν in John 1:15?
Are Latin verbs of motion satellite-framed or verb-framed?
What do three diagonal dots above a letter mean in the "Misal rico de Cisneros" (Spain, 1518)?
How would Marcus Aurelius have pronounced his Latin?
Were initial voiced stops voiceless in early Latin?
"Nucis vado"? Going nuts?
Zeugma on a genitive noun: extraordinary or prosaic?
How to find the object of reference of a latin relative pronoun?
Did the Vulgar Latin verb "toccare" exist?
Bronze and Brass in Greek
Can Greek letter names be declined?
Could the vulgar verb "toccari" have existed in Vulgar Latin?
Can "ave, vire" be used colloquially as "hey, bro"?
"Any thoughts" in Latin
"A killed B" translation
"Laughing our heads off" in Latin
Occasus nescius
Are there minimal pairs between the acute and circumflex accent?
Unable to identify unicode of Greek letter
A Convenient Co-operation
To accent or not to accent in Greek
When did the difference between acute and grave disappear?
What does a red v with a dot above mean in the Misal rico de Cisneros (Spain, 1518)?
Variation in the spelling of word-final M
Use of "sit" instead of "est" in Virgil
What's the easiest way to find an entry in Lewis and Short?
What is the superlative of ipse?
How might've *batare originated imitatively?
Does this sentence I constructed with my junior high school latin work? I write online advertising and want to come off as snobby as possible
What semantic notions underlie 'fold' with 'plight; predicament'?
What connects lex (contract, law) and PIE *leg- 'to collect, gather'?
'in-' vs 'ex-' in intendo vs extendō
Null expletive objects in Latin? "Cariotae cum ficis certandum habent" (Plin. Ep. 1,8)
Interlinear texts for reading fluency in Latin
What is the origin of "Wonder begets wisdom?"
How would one say "always learning in Latin?"
What is the best Latin translation for "Love and intellect will prevail"?
Written evidence of a ten-month calendar
Unde habemus te, bone juvenis?
Historicity doubted by Romans
What is "password" in classical Latin?
What is the grammatical "logic" of impersonal constructions like "Me non solum piget stultitiae meae sed etiam pudet" (Cic. De Dom. 29)?
Are there linguistic arguments for the claim that "Odi et amo" in Catullus (LXXXV) cannot be translated as 'I hate and I love'?
Is it better to memorize verb's 1st person perfect tense?
Name for a new music group - translation of “Heal the World”
What trustworthy books in French introduce Latin?
Please recommend Reference Grammar for someone with an undergraduate degree in Linguistics
Why was the subjunctive mood 'so called because the Greek subjunctive mood is used almost exclusively in subordinate clauses'?
Request for a Latin phrase as motto "God is highest/supreme"
About supplemented word ὀλόφῳ in a fusion of Lobel-Page fragments from an Italian Sappho anthology
Alternative forms in second-person singular present active subjunctive
Help figuring out origins of some words in a passage as reconstructed by an Italian Sappho anthology
How to translate "A moment in my arms, a lifetime in my heart" for a tattoo?
Would Patronum be an appropriate name for a Classical Christian School Kickstarter platform?
Is this correct? dicunt somnia, sed oblivisci malorum sunt somnia nimis
What is the grammatical "logic" of ablative case in «Tuā et meā māximē interest tē ualēre» (Cic. Fam. 16.4)?
Second vs. third person in future imperative for a general rule or maxim
Translation of ει μη
Did Latin lack a denominal verb directly from 'patria'?
Translating Religious Apology
How do I say "this is why…"?
What do we know about Homer's pronunciation?
"Tears in rain" monologue in Latin
How was "gnosco" pronounced?
What do "hinc est quod eo veluti" and "Thesini" mean in this passage?
Koine greek: how to distinguish Middle & Passive voice
Greek: How to translate “την ψυχην του ‘Ομηρου” where the genitive isn’t attributive?
The grammar of the expression "mihi cordi est"
Why is it to say 'paucis post diebus'?
Do non-deponent Latin verbs ever have a "middle voice"?
How does drawing circles with a compass explain the etymology of 'universe'?
How doesn't katholikos connote any boundary or inclusivity or exclusivity?
How to start learning Latin?
auscultare < aus - clutare
Translation into Koine (perhaps Testament?) Greek
Two by four meters in size
Is there any database on idiomatic expressions in Latin?
Is "Stanford populi" bad Latin?
Using perfect participle as perfect active participle
Latin expression for "carrying something on one's back"
Was there ever a difference between 'volo' and 'volo'?
Where does the word "tudes" 'hammer' show up in texts?
What evidence is there for volēre over volere?
How to say "fit" in Latin?
Why is largest number in Roman Numerals not represented as "MMMIM"?
How to say "Third time lucky" in Latin
What are the conventions for transcribing Semitic languages into Greek?
Be oneself among others
Opposite for desideratum to mean "something not wished for"
What are the conventions for transcribing Semitic languages into Latin?
Ablative of Specification or Dative of Reference
Has 'com-' been a causative prefix?
Superlatives In Subordinate Clauses
On the etymology of Greek ἄελλα, and the mysterious Hesychius gloss for αυεουλλαι
Latin for a "control knob"
Does an ig- prefix mean there's an underlying g in the root?
What is the relationship between "cut off" and "X-coordinate"?
Which word best translates spark as in a spark of energy?
What evidence points to a long ō in the first syllable of nōscō's present-tense form?
What should we call a laptop?
Not fallen in Latin
μονάδαι as plural form of μονάς
Opposing meanings of the suffix -gena
What semantic notions underlie haemophilia and 'A constitutional (usually hereditary) tendency to bleeding'?
How is the word "Eboracum" stressed in Latin?
Can 'in-' mean both 'in' and 'no'?
What is the correct etymology of ignōscō "pardon"?
What is the evidence for a long vowel in χριστός "anointed" and Latin Christus?
Did the Romans ever use 'decimatio' in a generalized sense?
An unambiguous example of 'īt'
What is a "click" in Greek or Latin?
Are there nouns that change meaning based on gender?
Imperial Chariot Racing
How did "what" become "because"?
Translation to Latin: "Forward engineering"
Why do numbered months in the ancient Roman calendar have different suffixes?
Do imperatives trigger reflexive pronouns in Latin?
Disambiguation of "nobis vobis" and "nobis nobis"
Did "quartilis" exist?
Translation of "Always loved, always remembered, always in our hearts"
How can I find a verb root in ancient greek?
When did "virgo" gain its sexual meaning?
"Opusculum hoc, quamdiu vixero, doctioribus emendandum offero."?
Does "laudate" imply the morning part the day? (or are these translations wrong?)
Any material on so-called "inverse analysis" and "minimal pairs" to practice Latin grammar?
How is September 3, 2019 written in classical Latin?
Do Latin novellas exist to help develop vocabulary for reading Vergil's Aeneid?
Is "iudicatus per historia" a correct translation for "judged by history"?
Is duolingo good for Latin?
Advice From History
