Are there recommended steps for preparing for a divorce mediation meeting?
Are contracts seen as "future" agreements as well?
Can the Feds not put Bank Executives (or their employees) in Prison for Fraud?
Will I have any responsibility for what happens in my house after I sell it?
Insider trading due to mis-sent email?
How do I promote my idea using a video without the risk of it being copied?
Employee Contract changing without approval
Software licence where no licence is found
In Indonesia, has insurance company ever win defamation suit?
Is it illegal to misinform someone about the terms of a contract
Can I be forced out of my tenants-in-common home?
NJ Estate: is there a time frame for settlement and distribution?
Does reciting of Pledge of Allegiance in public schools voilate the 1st Amendment?
Is apartment co-signer responsible upon death of tenant?
Fences around the laws; vote swapping
Is it illegal to state facts I got from othere sources and get paid for it?
Can you make merchandise for personal use?
In Canada, do employees have the right to not be listed publicly?
Can an employee represent themselves as another company as long as a contractual obligation needs to be met
Do I have authority to display images according to Terms of Use?
Negligence of psychiatrist
Which states allow disclosing photos of one's own voting ballot to a vote-swap partner?
What happens to early votes if a candidate dies prior to the election?
How to verify a US based company?
A plumber left the job in the middle, how do I close out the job
Which agency or government body should a tourist to Antarctica report to?
Can landlord require me to pay rent through ACH?
Tenancy Renewal Fees
How is it possible Rottentomatoes uses movie posters in their website, app?
EULA for Global Liability
Pre-existing issue (medical)
Under which German laws is it illegal to mock foreign rulers?
How to stop pyramid MLM in India
Is it legally enforcable to demand that a specific version of third party software be used?
What is required in order to claim a tax deduction for use of a motor vehicle?
Why do television actors have to give permission for the use of old footage of their characters?
Is it legal to sell a product whose primary function is illegal?
Avoiding the appearance of insider trading
Voting registration and moving states
How can sound assets be "license and royalty free" but also "non-commercial use only"?
False advertising against seller's interest
Employer overpays, then reduces next paycheck to "compensate."
Can a nursing home for my mother take my father's assets?
Tenant eviction law in Netherlands when renting is done via proxy company
Is it possible to nullify the U.S. Constitution via amendment?
Scrum/agile software development contract
Find the text to a New York law: DASA
Standards and obligations for care during incarceration
Is carrying a 24" solid wood baseball bat on Halloween as a prop in public illegal in the UK?
Can one publish a glossary created using a bilingual dictionary without copyright infringement?
What books do you use to study general jurisprudence in US?
Can the author of software claim copyright on the data it generates?
Aerosol Product Label and Product Description Copying
Can Visual Studio Enterprise 2015 for students be used to publish commercial products?
Ask people for WhatsApp address book consent; what to do when declined?
Are contracts legally bound when acceptance is mailed, or only once received?
Can I use other brand name in advertisement when manufacturing peripheral?
Is it normal for German Landlords to intercept internet traffic?
Is this cancellation policy legal?
Why does Title IX not apply to single-sex colleges?
How can pro bono lawyers of a libel defendant become defendants themeselves?
when is order of protection included in one's records?
Starting an online buiness as a minor
Which standards prevent laws from naming specific targets?
Any recourse for a rental under lengthy maintenance that impacts my use of said rental?
Bounced Check and ADA
In Mississippi, is there a law that states your home and auto have to be insured with the same company?
Under China's two-child policy, what happens if triplets are born?
What was the rationale to have the US Bill of Rights only apply at the federal level, not at the state-level?
Can I copyright a homework assignement?
Hypothetical Trial and Conviction
Is it prohibited to accept DMCA takedown notices from non-authorized individuals?
Very Minor Car Collision with No Damage, Hit Car Left
Is the following a copyright/trademark infringment?
"Compliance" of one software license with another
Is it legal to put a "CCTV in operation" sign outside my house if I don't actually have cctv? (UK)
Is kumaran's email an offer or invitation to treat? Why
Legal documents confirming previous/maiden name (uk)
Does an app's name become protected nationally by common law trademark rights the day that it's published?
Is it legal to videotape a payment at a business?
When does a digital document become subject to copyright?
Is there liability for pure accidents?
Is one obligated to disclose they are Divorced (rather than Single) on government and financial forms?
Can a medical practitioner legally charge health insurances a different amount from what it would charge a non-insured patient?
Is chalk on sidewalks/asphalt illegal?
Is it a personal care or a Company care to correct the list of Authors of a Patent owned by the Company?
Is it illegal to recommend to commit a crime, and to give specific instructions how to commit a crime?
Business income - Prepayment of services
Hostile Work Environement (Enabled By Video Chat)
Do courts in a common law system ever make decisions about law without a presented case?
Do DBAs file separate taxes than the proprietor?
When can "exact change" policies be enforced?
Do you get paid more if your notice period ends on bank holiday/weekend in UK?
Can you sued for libel for telling the truth in negative advertisement?
What does the 9/11 bill mean for foreign governments?
When does a boyfriend or girlfriend become a tenant?
Roommate got a dog, but lease said no pets, now what?
What slaughter laws exist in the US and Europe?
Is it lawful to publicly show a video of a minor burglarizing one's house?
When is it OK for law enforcement/intelligence-gathering agents to go undercover as journalists?
Lease: Rent increase legal?
What is the obligation for a lawyer to present a deal from the opposing party to his/her client(s) called?
Copyright infringement in paid course
Statutory rape statute of limitations
Is it legal to reference proprietary OS icons in an app?
I lost my DOT heavy truck logbook what do I do?
Is it legal to publish personal information obtained in public?
Traveling outside of the US as a permanent resident?
Does asking money to not press a criminal charge also constitute extortion?
Customer wants $2400 for minor stain on driveway, how to calculate what we actually owe them?
Copyright question on character model techniques and style
Serial sexual harassment from disabled person on UC campus
Using a tractor/4 wheeler/mower or like as a means of travel with out a drivers license
Lossless version as proof of copyright in court, alternative protection measures
Outstanding debt for deceased relative how to stop the bills coming?
Is there a law that forces an employee to pay into social security?
How is a shareholder allowed to sue the company?
Using Nintendo copyrighted Pictures in a booklet
Is right of survivorship the same as tenants in common?
Is my application commercial according to this definition?
Are attorneys, as officers allowed to advocate for positions in supposedly-neutral courtrooms?
Can any legal action be taken against abandoned/overgrown land
Reinterpretation of copyrighted work in another medium (film to song)
HIPAA within context of marriage
Need to read sample Closing Argument for special education impartial hearing
Do universities have (fiduciary?) duty to provide enough classes for their students?
What legal powers does a person have without having full legal qualifications? (UK)
Identifying tort actions
Is giving money to a foreign government illegal?
Can I shield my home from cell phone radiations
I agreed on 1 year rent term while signing for 3 years and now landlord wants me to leave
Charges I may face for limerick
Using Intellectual property to develop software and making money off of it
Keeping a user's agreement to service terms after the account was closed?
Is one legally required to do anything if not billed for utilities?
Terminating the contract early (before tenant moves in)
Can people use an LLC in Delaware to legally avoid tax in his home country?
Can the IEEE legally take a picture of an author anywhere, at any time, and use it in an ad?
US: Is it legal to jam radio/cell communications if entirely confined to your own private property?
Is it legal to use a quote or endorsement from a similar product
Working in the US after a J1 visa
Is direct voting of bills/laws by the people allowed in the consitution(US)?
Why did double jeopardy not apply in the O.J. case?
Is a school legally required to accept pennies as payment?
Can I rent my own property to myself and charge my employer?
Can a store sell merchandise I've left in the store?
Want to rent mother-in-law suite to short-term, vacation renters, what type of business should I establish to protect me?
Is it legal to create a fake google certificate and distribute it en masse?
Help re: beneficiary deed enforcement in Phoenix, AZ (Maricopa County)
Is it legal to give away the Blu-Ray, DVD, or Digital Copy of a purchased combo pack?
Software content library license requires "including a valid copyright notice". How does it limit my use?
In the eyes of the law, is a crime committed by a child too young to be charged, actually a crime?
please somebody tell me the origin of the words, prosecutor
Why a civil court can order damages for killing a person?
Where can I find the official Laws of Nigeria?
Possible consequences of bugging in game
Law or guidance
Am I responsible for unpaid water bill of a previous tenant?
UK tenant no contract wants to leave early
Meaning of "any"
How long dos it take for the federal government to make a disability retirement decision?
I lost my jury summons, what can I do?
Legal notices for 3D printing
Can a solicitor challenge a binding financial agreement they don't agree with?
To what extent is this "Terms and Conditions" clause legally valid?
Does a stipulation in the deed of sale subvert the purchaser's title?
Trade Fixtures: Is this paragraph of my lease agreement forfeiting to my landlord everything I screw to the walls?
Q about consequences of a software license amendment regarding patents: Facebook's open-source "react"
Can the developer place a cellular antenna after purchase
Listening to software music out of context
JASTA law, Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. What's next?
Multiple LLC's lawsuit question
Do pharmacies have the legal obligation to keep the prescription for 10 years in the United States?
Do running lights satisfy laws requiring headlights be on when wipers are on?
Could Hillary Clinton have declined to defend Thomas Taylor?
Were any laws broken in the publishing of Trump's tax returns?
Is it okay to paste pictures to non commercial book with proper attribution
Using movies to learn English by translating the difficult words, is that legal?
In UK law how binding is judge precedent, and when can it be ignored?
Is it legally considered texting and driving if you ask Siri to send a text for you?
Is it legal to market a product as DLNA enabled if it has not passed DLNA certification yet?
Is an autogenerated, opt-out email legally binding
Does the Secret Service need warrants to search areas before protectees visit?
Noise complaint about a neighbor who is excessively loud during the day with his subwoofer
Can I be tried for something that's a crime in another state?
Is reading an illegally copied book illegal on its own?
How to reject tenant applicant because co-applicant was rejected?
multiple non compete, which one is binding?
Is a supplier liable for missing delivery?
Is controlling one app from another legal?
'a bar' means 'prohibiting completely' or 'the possibility of prohibiting'?
What to do about images whose author is unknown?
What does this provision mean?
The differences : 'industry' includes establishment, undertaking, work, trade, business and any other workplace;
Legal status of "no copyright infringement intended"
Can a vendor cancel an order due to a pricing error?
Could Ross Ulbricht from Silk Road not get life sentence?
Can I sue a PCI violator
What is the 'smallest' offense to get life in prison in USA?
Can a landlord break a lease in California?
Negligent or Reckless homicide?
Is there a default copyright license on programming scripts released publicly on the internet without it's own license or one used by the website?
Is X liable for this child's death?
Video recording with owners permission
International law regarding human trafficing
I agree to the terms and conditions on this website
seller didn't disclose smoke smell in the house
CDL drivers license photo copy
Oregon adoption consent and revocability - legal requirements are not required?
Can a renter retake posession?
Partial payment of registration fee required?
Is this fraud. Selling something technically true but most customer wouldn't have bought it?
Lawful concerns about a tweet
Is the Loi Lamine Gueye- law n ° 46-940 of May 7, 1946 enacted by the French Parliament of any relevance today?
Extension of warranty due to malfunctioning product
Usage of Images of Google Images for commercial purposes (print)
Can a 15 year old transfer copyright?
Persuasive authority using other jurisdiction's opinions
Should I serve jury duty when I have no respect for the judge?
Does a merger clause nullify implied terms?
What is the Difference Between Click vs Tap vs Press?
Is it illegal for Donald Trump to lie on his Financial Disclosures?
Arizona Common Law Marriage and Kids
Is it legal to quote extracts from the GNU GPLv3 license on the Stack Exchange network?
Is there a state where ignorance of law is an excuse?
Amazon have charged me for Prime membership without my knowledge
Can I put an well known alias of mine, in place of my legal name, in the space where one lists the Copyright Holders?
Can I use another websites drag and drop program to create an image that I will sell?
How to replace “and/or” in sentences with multiple terms?
Rationale for paying spouse's attorney fees in a divorce?
Tort of civil conspiracy
Is defacing currency such as coins illegal?
Was my house legally searched?
Use of illegally downloaded fonts
Intellectual Properties of my software applications
Are there legal obstacles to an elected official appointing a special prosecutor to pursue his/her opponent?
What are the Responisbilities of a Witness (Witness Signature)?
Is a wrongly awarded prize still mine?
If a business cofounder leaves for a better opportunity, does he still get a share of profit ?
I can't read this cover of a precedent case
A motorcycle hit my car. He was speeding, I made a left turn on a double continuous line. Who is liable for what?
Who is liable when a turning car "interferes" with bicycle going straight? (Pennsylvania)
Is my claim valid to consider me as a refugee?
Is it legal for employer to require portions of an IRS form 1040 for verification of dependent eligibility?
the meaning of 'Held:'
How do courts redress jury decisions when evidence of jury bias is present?
I want to use Moonlight Sonata in my movie - Copyright Issues?
What is the procedure to file an RTI act against the police for a case on IPC507?
I have rewritten the library in a different language than the original. If I publish it under my name do I infringe the copyright law?
Employee stopping me from entering my own building
Is it legal to stop somebody taking your stuff if you've left it somewhere?
How can laws against discrimination be enforced?
Multiple claimants for a single act of deceit in UK law
Why can't federal courts issue advisory opinions?
Is it possible to put under guardianship someone who is not impaired?
Is there a way to get old bylaws off the books?
What are the legal ramifications of going public with corruption in academia?
References to repealed bylaws?
Is a bylaw valid if there is an error in one of its whereas statements?
Fairness where Judges are elected and accept donations?
Faking your own death for the purpose of sarcasm
How to reference MSA in work order?
Use of trademarked logos for an online resumee/cv
Fired for refusing overtime? (Canadian Engineer)
Does a software developer have a fiduciary duty to the user?
Can a tenancy be invalid if guarantor changes their mind before being legally bound
owning firearms but keeping them out of state
Does EU sui generis database law protect only databases created in the EU or also foreign databases?
Landlord locking out tenants to force them to visit
Can a UK retailer refuse full settlement of debt by a third party?
Is it legal to seek someone out to make them violate a restraining order?
Can media ask a non profit organization for financial informations? (Canada)
Why would I be subject to liability for negligently poking a person's eye out?
How can the Nevada State Athletic Commission enforce the fines they give?
What (combination of) licenses is popular for public/shared proprietary software (“Feel free to contribute, but only we can make commercial use”)?
House Insurance, fine art and "Actual Cash Value"?
Comply with CC-BY-NC 4.0 while building API
Can I publish articles that are written by a writer who is 17?
What is the definition of a "Public Space" for photography?
What is the liability of a person who signs as a witness?
Apply for a UK residence card
Legal jurisdiction over cloud storage
File a patent disclosure after paper publication
If roommate steals, can police search other people's rooms too (US)?
Employer accommodations for religious holiday celebrated for cultural reasons
React - its license with a company that has patents
U.S. - "tough love" eviction of child (non-minor, not paying rent)
Is a DoB required to waive injury rights?
When in consent necessary for touching someone?
Copyright expiration on a translated work
How to authenticate text message, screenshot (and other electronic content) as evidence in court
Can a customer claim background IP rights?
Can the police arrest me for marrying an underage (17 year old) girl?
Collection agency trying to collect on parking ticket? (Is this advice accurate?)
Are these the only types of residential Tenancy agreements allowed in the UK?
Repeal of an amendment proposal to the U.S. Constitution
Age of consent for a person with dual citizenship
Audio fingerprinting legal issues
Arbitration Clause: Account Credits vs Money Stipulation
Are there any downsides to dual citizenship?
Paid Music Collaboration, Assignment of Copyright
Will using a cover of a song in a film free me from legal obligations?
Homeschool moderator expects my kid to be enrolled in public school, any alternatives?
UK Holding money as a middleman SAAS
Delaware County Code Case Verbiage
Does creating YouTube tutorials on how to solve questions from textbooks infringe copyright?
Paying with coins in the Massachusetts, California, or New York
Is Google legal?
Sharing car with provisional licence holder. Is it necessary to remove L plates when qualified driver is driving?
Do any US laws restrict ownership?
Requesting a Public Defender?
Is it legal for an apartment manager to put advertisement stickers on my mail?
In the UK can a job search be limited to women only
What Israeli laws are there concerning the word "Nazi"
What is the law requiring a product to be labeled : "This product is not manufactured by..."
Is there a minimum thresh hold for severity that must be met to take someone to court?
My pregnant wife is experiencing a lot of stress at work due to an incompetent manager. What are her rights?
What determines the valid jurisdiction for a subpoena for written information collected by a 3rd party who has connections to multiple jurisdictions?
Where to draw the line when it comes to data Copyright law
Is it illegal to repair vehicles in Ontario without a mechanic's license?
Is it legal to pay a company to employ you in the UK?
French law or regulation around review process for large construction.
What contract options do I have for investing in a friend?
Making bad movies as money laundering scheme?
Discovered defect after purchase of a second-hand item from a private seller
Posting Sex Offender Information Online
Non payment on (Phone) Handset Lease
Can I claim asylum inside New Zealand but not at the port of entry?
Tree parts (leaves, twigs) naturally falling into neighbor's yard
Must an AirBNB place be disinfected or sanitized prior to checkin?
Can I transport jello shots?
UK Law: Being pushed to sign in acceptance of terms before a negotiation
Animal Rights and the Law
Can I take a bow and arrows on the train in the UK?
Creative Commons: Is attribution of the original creator needed for a derivative work?
How is the following law about animal abuse in New York interpreted?
Is it legal to reproduce readings from a textbook on a personal blog?
Can the USA military be used as a police force domestically?
Must I pay counter claim award if less than original claim award?
Retraction right in France vs. Creative Commons
Are Performances provided for charity a valid tax deduction?
Protection against late signature on a lease
Can two companies have the same name if they are from unrelated industries?
Is it okay to use the Arial Font in Software?
Can I create a website that restricts political opinion of user-generated content?
What to do when utility that needs to be paid for is listed as N/A on lease?
Old Photo copyright
Why an app that streams audio from third party site that extracts audio from Youtube is illegal?
How does the justice system handle cases against persons who cannot be identified?
Does a no-refunds policy trump being sent the wrong item?
What actions are still crimes even if the victim gives consent?
U.S. Citizenship by Birth
Can I demand that my SSN be erased from a company's database?
What is the typical consequences if a foreign person stop paying landlord rent for housing and leave USA?
Can employer read message sent via Skype / Slack etc
Can I Identify Facebook Stalker
Is it accurate to assert new rule-making by judges 'when they interpret statutes'?
How do 'rules developed entirely by judicial decisions' differ from 'new rules made by judges when they interpret statutes'?
Suggestion for Open Source Licence for alpha software
How is trademark infringement in online ads regulated internationally?
If a mailman steals a package, who takes the loss?
Can a US citizen vote in a US federal election if they don't live there?
Property rights on product for specified region
Apportioning a settlement in one case for damages calculation purposes in a second related case
Can a business owner be liable if they provide their service for free?
Salary gaps in public sector (not due to discremination)
Are newspapers' quotes of other people protected by copyright?
Montreal, Canada: can I be asked about my illness when I call in sick?
RSS news portal with a feature to comment by writing on someone's photos - is it legal?
Social security and bank account numbers in plain text in web app
Is it illegal to reverse engineer .docx file format?
Why are there distinct burdens of proof in civil and criminal cases?
Can a website only publish good reviews?
Are landlords required to accommodate service animals in a shared house?
How do I take my child's school district to court (NY)?
License notices when shipping hardware and firmware
INDIA: Are Practising Company Secretaries able to act as public notaries in some cases?
Can memorandums of understanding be used for a case of misrepresentation?
In English Construction Law, does a domestic client have a right to adjudication if the agreed form of contract provides for it
Could Trump bet on winning the presidential election?
Problem About GPL Licence And WordPress Products
Can a person get in trouble for using an altered photo ID?
Sending money from China
Is defending someone being physically attacked self-defence or assault?
Rental heater improperly installed. Now I'm expected to repair. What are my options?
Why would a plaintiff settle for less after winning a case?
Would a newspaper calling for an illegal act be illegal itself?
Shared responsibility in criminal law
Probabilistic justice or what is reasonable doubt
Can I file a small claims suit against a company that is shutting down?
Legal recourse for neighborhoods facing loud vehicles?
Is it illegal to give handouts to panhandlers?
If my mom refuses to take in my brother, is that abandonment?
Argentina: Is it permitted to shoot a knife-wielding intruder to my property with a handgun?
what is the process for overturning a Michigan Supreme Court ruling?
What is the legal status of hentai Japanese visual novels and manga in the US depicting minors?
What US laws exist around storing/processing personal data of US citizens outside of US?
Can results from a criminal conviction be transplanted into a corresponding civil case?
Can a landlord request personal info after a lease is signed?
How can I declare independence from the United States and start my own micro nation?
What are the best defenses to an unlawful eviction action by a landlord?
If an adult is raped by a minor, is it statutory rape?
If I am employed in the UK but WFH from another country, am I a UK tax resident?
Does the president of the United States have the power to edict laws to prevent the followers of a specific religion from entering the United States?
What Wi-FI SSID names are forbidden in France?
How does Venmo mitigate liability for illegal transactions?
If you commit a crime in an airport, are you tried under maritime law?
If an email I received mentions that copying or forwarding is forbidden, can I still legally do so?
What legal course is there with a bad neighbor?
Users Over-Funding Accounts Legal Implications?
Would free taxi/uber rides for voters be a violation of 18 U.S. Code § 597 - Expenditures to influence voting?
Could a person of one race legally identify as another?
Is is lawful to install a hidden camera on my car?
After purchasing an item, then being issued a refund the item then arrived
USA: Is it legal to take naked non-abusive pictures of my child?
How to describe harassment by opposing lawyer in hearing?
What citations of the Fair Labor Standards Act Federal Law made 4 million employees eligible for overtime?
Can I work on patent-infringing software in private, then release it when said patent expires?
Is it legal to lend out your computer with licensed software installed on it?
Purchased property with incomplete Buildings Regulations UK
Would these two invoices be classed as the same?
licencee and licensor
What is the difference between Libel and Libel Per Se?
Can a Californian be in legal trouble for physically restraining a dangerous child not his own?
What does UK law say about "sexual suggestions" to a 14 year-old when I am 16?
What does "No later than midnight of a day" mean?
What is the legal status of a UK planning inspector in an appeal?
US: Is it legal to record metadata from another person's walkie-talkie?
What does (...) mean in a legal document
Can a President of the United States be arrested for previous crimes?
Can I legally sleep in the street in France?
Management company's landscaping team are working too much ... what can I do?
Are encryption apps (iOS) exempt from US Export Regulations if released to the US App Store only?
Without Prejudice section of a letter
How do non-compete clauses work when an employees' two companies do not initially compete?
Sharing sports video clips, is it Fair Use?
What is the UK legal position of an "Executive Summary"
What is the legality surrounding the U.S. electoral college members becoming “faithless electors?”
Client has no right to have services similar to the Services performed by Client’s staff - is it legal?
Part 36 offer forms, sent to whom?
Do revenue share agreements have to meet minimum wage?
Was it legal to rant against trick or treating via loudspeaker during halloween?
Is using a song in my outro considered fair use?
What is "reasonable wear" (4 years and 4 months) when comes to deposit return for the property?
What are the downsides of using a service like LegalZoom for simple will / living will?
What would it take to replace the electoral college system?
Does an employee terminated for refusal to say "Be Blessed" have grounds for legal action?
In United States, can guardianship be meaningfully contested by other grandparents?
Does the right to privacy extend to property purchases?
An 18 year old from Alabama goes to Tennessee. What recourse does his parents have?
Is it possible to renounce all responsibility for files on a web server? (Sweden)
How does a liquidator set aside an attachment order during liquidation?
How could the Electoral College and electors be replaced by a popular vote?
Did the Fugitive Slave Act ever get repealed?
Can copyright "exploitation rights" be sold?
Can I sell antique guns within the UK to UK residents - while being resident in the USA?
Can an HOA make up new rules other than explicitly stated in CC&Rs?
Police encounter: "Why do you think I stopped you?" Is there any legal downside in answering "I don't know"?
Is an act of battery/assault - characterized as an 1st Amendment opinion - itself protected speech?
Under US law, do US citizens have to state their citizenship to foreign entities?
Can Clinton be pardoned without being charged or convicted?
Can quantum mechanics and the fabric of spacetime be a viable defense to battery (or an offense that requires making contact)?
Termination of agency due to insolvency of an agent?
appeal : legal process to a higher court or just a kind of claim
What power do I have as a driver if my interstate route is blocked by a protest?
What are my legal risks if I break a non-competition agreement with my current employer? (UK)
Copyrights owner rights in case of DMCA – user block
If a person under the age of 18 is married in a state other than California, are they considered emancipated if they live in California?
In Canada, can students send emails to other students of same association?
Does the property manager sign the lease (and any addendums) with the tenants or must the real landlord?
How is handpicked.org able to republish and link other people's images? (UK)
What are the US federal crimes and penalties against public insurrection?
Why does Russia require international companies to store their data on servers in country?
How can I start my own university in Azerbaijan?
How is it realistic that a buyer would fail to communicate some feature of a product needed by the buyer, to a seller?
What should I store when a user agrees to a click wrap agreement?
What does 'to the order of' mean (excluding contexts of bills, promissory notes)?
Is it illegal for public figures to knowingly state a falsehood?
Determining enforceability of terms in fixed-term employment contracts in the USA
If my client's website gets hacked, who is responsible?
Is a verbal agreement to start the hiring process (ie. preparing the contract) binding? (Germany)
What if you follow the kidnappers' instructions to not talk to police?
Will I have problems if I accept two job offers in two different EU countries?
How to approach a potential HOA dispute over a water leak
How to respond to a user requesting deletion of their online account
Can I file a job discrimination lawsuit against a company that repeatedly rejects me?
Differences in assault
Is dubbing a YouTube video in another language illegal?
Can "Double Jeopardy" be a loophole for murder?
Who is liable if software causes intentional errors when used in a pirated/unlicensed fashion?
Can Obama pardon Clinton?
How does one determine if illegal goods were accepted if an individual who has both legal and illegal source of income pays another party?
Were Nazi atrocities legal according the German law of the time?
Does the President's Pardon authority extend to crimes not committed at the time of the pardon?
Sanitation Standards for Public Residential High School in North Carolina
Is it a crime in the United States to say "the people want to bring down the regime"?
What could I be charged with if I went around uprooting "<X> for public office" signs?
Is a driver - under a verbal contract with their trucking company - liable for cargo damage? (Canada)
Will applying for a foreign passport affect my US residency status?
What is the legal notation that refers to State and Federal Laws known as?
Do government incentives for males to change gender violate human rights laws?
Does CAN-SPAM apply for emails sent on behalf of users?
Can someone please interpret this and put in simpler terms?
"Congress shall make no law" vs "no person" in the Bill of Rights
Is an employer liable for a hostile work environment caused by clients?
Firearm transfer between CA and WA
Can i sue an appraiser for a bad appraisal?
Is it illegal to sell exploits for my university's course registration?
Can landlord charge a fee to return security deposit by wire or mail?
Can I use a trademarked name as part of mobile app title?
Is having a wallpaper on an office computer personal or commercial use?
Does a patient have to pay for the shipping fee for mailing medical records from a previous doctor?
What are the legal issues of the Trump administration's proposed Muslim registry?
Is Monsanto still suing farmers over "gene theft"?
CCP Section 209 (b) Ordered to Appear in Court, however, employer has declined to allow me to appear
Is it legal to scrape a website and create my own database?
When is a person legally considered to be "President-elect" in regards to laws against threatening the President?
Is evidence obtained under false pretences admissable in a criminal trial?
Does my neighbour have to return my football?
Can people (especially LEO) be prosecuted for deliberately helping illegal aliens?
One Identical Twin Proven Guilty
Is it allowed to use the Spotify Web API for commercial projects?
Reasons for UK citizen to not get an Irish passport?
Are US banks required to notify users of debts before passing them to collections?
Can I send someone who wants to meet me about a business contract on a "wild goose chase"?
Does the law require the payment of interest for appearance bonds?
Can company hide an identity of creator for personal safety reasons?
How can free licenses such as GNU and CC apply to me when I did not sign them?
Do weekends count as vacational days?
Can a specialist in a healthcare facility refuse to accept a previously discharged patient? (Tenn.)
Call I legally receive mail addressed to my roommate that requires a signature?
Can HIPPA be waived by contract with doctor and what constitutes one's 'medical status'?
Special court of law for condominiums
Can a company disallow taking annual leave during a notice period?
Whose is the ownership of a device bought by one party and reimbursed by another?
Does marriage ordinance contradict with basic law?
What instrument protects contractual interest in a real property purchase?
How do I find the final rule?
Is it legal to organize a female-only event, assuming the topic isn't gender-specific?
Can a civilian legally take any action against a police officer if they witness the officer violating traffic laws?
Is the modification / removal of service by a private organization during the term of service illegal?
Distribution Category UC42 Approved for public release; distribution is unlimited?
Can I ask potential jurors in a prima facia state if speeding is legal?
When is public humiliation and slander illegal?
Can I claim against an entity who is in breach of a GPL license against a third party?
Can presidential electors be challenged for performing "strictly a ceremonial function"?
When and where can email be used in court and attorney communications? (US)
Does a freight train need to obey a stop sign?
Notifying to leave a job during Christmas season in UK
Vicarious liability for a negligent act of a child
What is unearned advance payment?
Can Sweepstakes Require a Survey to Enter?
Is "regulation" defined at the federal level?
Is it illegal to raise money for a project, if no such project is ever expected?
Copyright breach – how close can I go?
Can minors carry knives in Kansas?
(CopyLeft++) Non profit license - Extension to GNU
When am I infringing on a trademark?
Is it possible for a party to a contract to use a mutual NDA primarily to constrain the other party?
Is store liable for "abandoning" my laptop left for repair?
Stock shares purchased with promissory note - definition of "substantial" for personal liability in Regs. Sec. 1.83-3(a)(2)?
Laser Laws (Washington State/U.S.)
"Contemporaneously" vs "concurrently" - difference in legal verbiage?
How to challenge probable cause of search based on "I smell illegal drug X in your car"?
Sharing music PDF I purchased
Is it illegal to publish a screenplay on web?
Is the owner of a property liable for injuries sustained by an intruder? (UK)
Can alcohol affect my car insurance policy if I am under the legal limit?
Drinking water is contaminated; what can a tenant do?
Will I have to pay taxes on any gambling winnings earned in other countries (UK), if I bring the money back to the US?
Is asking a website user their age the same as asking their birthdate?
In English civil trial practice when does a barrister become involved?
Under English law, what limitations apply to arbitration of civil disputes?
When (if ever) is USPS's Certified Mail/Registered Mail/Signature/etc. valid for proof in court?
Criminal record expungement in Texas
Correct spelling in ToS
Can my landlord charge me December rent?
How to relicense content with unknown license as CC-BY-SA?
How can HelloSign claim unauthenticated electronic signature process is legally valid? (US)
What impact does prior art discovered after (US) patent awarding have on enforceability and even validity of that patent?
Difference between "hereby moves" and "following relief" for change of venue motion
Can I legally scrape data from a website for use in my app?
The N. word and reverse discrimination
Is scraping real estate data illegal in anyway?
Are digital copies of official documents lawfully represented?
Am I Obligated to Return a Mysterious Box?
Could copyright infringement in an app result in a legal complaint?
NSW, Australia. How to kick out a guy in the house who hasn’t paid so many weeks
Who pays medical costs for a John Doe who dies in the hospital?
How come the periodic copyright term extensions do not violate the US Constitution?
How blatant the circumvention of the Constitution has to be for SCOTUS to act?
Reasking in Law forum from academia- Can i defend myself?
Does a Certificate of Service need to be completed before filing a motion with the court
Spouse as a witness to a last will
Assuming fair use - where do I legally get video content?
Blasphemy in the Context of Freedom of Speech
How do you get permission to use a copyright before the copyright holder has obtained their certificate from the government?
Using #hashtag on social media - does trademark protection apply and is it possible to get sued for damages?
Is selling pictures of merchandise illegal if you imply that you are selling the actual merchandise?
Can I use my drawing of a photo someone took for commercial purpose
Is a security agency required by law to provide services to anyone?
Is the illegality of an action constrained to a country?
Dual franchise/license model in the U.S
What is the legality in the UK of a minor transporting alchohol?
Is flag burning illegal in the USA?
In the Allied movie, was the order to the officer to kill spying wife a legal fact or fiction?
If A fails to pay C under a contract between A and B to do so, can C sue A?
What would happen to a minor who was blackmailed into robbing a bank and killing a man?
Is there any legal obligation for the POTUS to stay sober?
Are members of other tribes allowed to live on reservations?
Does a wife have to ask her husband to record their conversation without consent?
Is there a difference on conspiracy law in most first world nations?
What is the winning ratio of pro-se defendants in U.S. criminal cases?
Does intent affect whether or not repudiation or fundamental breach has occurred?
Using premier league data for academic resarch
How to deal with a cheque fraud in my Westpac (Australian Bank) account?
Merchant Marine Time Act of 1920 and Puerto Rico - logistical question?
Song titles and copyrights
Tariffs for international shipping
Third-party doctrine when recording isn't obvious
Refusal to terminate tenancy with months notice
What rights does a songwriter have when a song is made out as a youtube video by another artist?
Written evidence vs terms of service
At what point can a surrendered military force resume fighting?
Are there any Utah, USA laws about landlords providing fire extinguishers or other fire suppression?
Can a US passport be used in advertisements?
Is blocking on twitter censoring in the USA when elected officials does it
Does the "German Hacking law" deny the opportunity to do private penetration testing?
Is it illegal to keep an encrypted version of illegal data?
In a rear-ending traffic violation, is the ticket dropped if the other party does not show up but the officer does?
Can Amazon ask for my credit card statement?
Are there laws serving a compelling government interest that create neither rights nor duties?
Are SCOTUS justices required to recuse themselves when their appointment is after briefs have been filed in the case?
Legal to create a publicly-available multiple choice test on a publicly-available resource?
What wording should I use to include non-binary pronouns in a contract?
Can anyone file a case against us because of our negative review?
What is the legality of implementing an unrevealed killswitch in software?
What is the legal definition of "surrender" when it comes to leases in the US?
Is it legal to send web requests on behalf of an app user in the UK?
How does the selection process for jury duty work?
Is it legal to develop and sell software that operates in a similar fashion to available software?
What happens if a court decision maneuvers the court itself into a untenable legal position?
Do Twitter disclaimers saying "opinions are my own" give any legal protection to the account owner?
What are the alleged perpetrators convicted of after being caught by a paedophile hunter?
Can non-employees ask prohibited questions of a job candidate?
Is it legal for undercover cops to pose as your friends?
Contract Law: What is the difference between 'Choice of Law' and 'Governing Law'?
Is it legal to cross the channel in a private rowing boat or sailing boat?
What statutes (if any) would make it illegal to publish exact steps to exploit a network vulnerability?
Can I sue from California, in small claim court, someone in England who is British?
Are public universities bound by law to be unbiased?
Dollar value in verbal agreements
Is using video games to train computer AI considered fair use?
Which presidential cabinet picks require congressional approval?
Is it legal to replace something's firmware?
Virtual Currency and Minigames
Speed bumps on public ways illegal in Massachusetts?
Can I use the term "Inc" when I have an S-corp?
Is Samsung's "bricking" of Note 7 devices legal?
Can my S-corp legally own a foreign bank account?
Bar Admissions Geography
Letter of notice for seizure of car in UK
Is a doctor liable in the stated circumstances?
What is the legal stance of a person who receives misaddressed court documents
Is the statutory class under which patents are granted published anywhere?
How do I license the use of a song for my video game?
Are immigration officers who grant visas to a convicted terrorist guilty of a crime?
Abstract Idea Definition
Am I authorized to publish a solution manual for a book I haven't written?
Do insurance companies have legal obligations to help their clients?
What does "electronic verbatim record" mean?
Tenant Law - Pay full rent for one day over 30-day notice?
Can I legally record a video when driving and talking to the camera?
How do I find the number of speeding citations issued per day by state?
Filling out an affidavit of personal service
What means are available for recourse if I was ripped off by a business?
What is the legal status of data (intentionally deleted or not) on a second-hand computer?
What are the legal steps I can take if buyer doesn't pay me for an item?
If a law is proven to be unconstitutional, can the Legislators who approved it be sued?
Can I bundle Apache 2.0 licensed components in a GPL 3 licensed project?
Is it legal to retain customer card details when making transactions over the phone (UK)?
Would an automatic download for LGPL libraries be permittable under LGPLv3?
Electronic signature in France
How long can the government hold bail money?
Is it legal to use a Similar item of another Person's work in your own Work?
In Canada, what is the term of copyright on works owned by a corporation?
What is meant by the provision about electors in the Seventeenth Amendment?
Does anyone know if this counts as assault?
Are you allowed to strike a person if they say you can?
Can the phrase "who is on my wifi?" be protected from use by others?
Can an immigrant with an electronic tag (ankle monitor) be hired?
Is an error in a Rent Increase Notice binding?
If someone steals something of mine, is it legal to steal it back?
Shipping company offering insurance on TV that cannot be claimed
What is the law regarding Christmas activities in public school systems?
Could one claim self defense in killing if he could prove indirect, but not immediate threat?
How do you fill out a motion to modify without the other party's income amounts?
Is fulfilling the duties of a "second" in seppuku a crime in modern Japan?
If I giveaway half of my wage saving to my parent, Is there any chance that my wife could ask some of this back after divorce?
How different does something have to be so it doesn't infringe on a copyright?
Storing vechicle for friend
Can A Person Move Out Before 60 Days
LLC self-employment taxes
Is it illegal to bypass user agreement window?
(In context of Indian parliament) what do the words "demand" and "grant" mean in the phrase "demand for grant"?
Can parents throw out belongings you have kept in their house?
Is sharing old movies online a case of praeter legem?
How can I find out who an attorney represented in a case?
Can one rent office space to a partnership if landlord prohibits subleasing?
Is it legal to record an episode of a TV series or a movie?
Is a fully executed lease with a serious error legally binding?
What does equitable mean, especially in special education law?
How long am I supposed to keep previous tenant's packages
Can I legally download an MP3 version of songs on a record or casette that I purchased but is now damaged?
Are "sock puppet" sites that generate ad revenue with recycled articles legal?
Irreconcilable differences between attorney and client?
Documentation for "appropriate, standard legal practice" in rendering written decisions
Landlord responsible for extended power outage beyond their control
Can I record a phone call made to the office of my congressman or senator?
French copyright law for posthumous works (a book)
Asked for contract ending, with no response, and still able to use the product
Liability for Client Data Confidentiality
Incorporate in Delaware with similar name
Copyright for image for custom-design bank card
Would a conspiracy to break patient confidentiality be a crime?
Is it commonly legal to permit life-sentenced mass murderers to procreate?
The condition of amendment in US constitution article V: Does it have any practical effect?
What is the plain-English meaning of 'obliged to receive'?
Business obligations under the OECD AEI/CRS
Seeking advice regarding illegal compulsory purchase of local government on property in Finland
What type of lawyer (criminal, civil, family, etc.) would I need to help me deal with issues of academic misconduct?
What type of lawyer would I need to help me deal with issues of academic misconduct?
Are you required to act to preserve evidence that will otherwise be destroyed?
Can the U.S government break up an international monopoly?
How far does Programming Language license go?
Is it OK to name our app generically?
Can bones be willed to a family member after death?
Merchantability of low quality video games & UCC 2-315
What is the remedy if a lawyer forges a client's signature on a will?
Law case title convention: Why sometimes not "Plaintiff v. Defendant"?
How does the U.S. Code organizational structure work?
Can a group continue with app development without the member who originated the idea?
How can people confess to their drug use in a book without any legal consequences?
Has the Alien Property Custodian Office been abolished?
Retrieve software on girlfriends computer
Does the USAF have any legal implications of being created much after the Constitution?
Is US Immigration policy's per-country quota cap for employment-based immigration illegal?
Burden of proof question
Would it be a crime to take goods in a supermarket and pay by leaving cash to a random employee?
Can I freely use this image?
Can confession stories be used as evidence in court?
Student Rights In India
Do Google/Apple have total control over apps on their store?
Does being engaged (to be married) carry any legal significance?
Are there things that postnuptial agreement cannot have that prenuptial can?
Is it possible to end up in prison due to failure to appear in court for a civil matter?
What is the meaning and the implications of Art. 27, GG (German Basic Law)?
Do you have to be engaged to be married to enter into prenup?
Can I inspect websites' source in teaching video?
How enforceable would a non-disparagement agreement be if one party has left the country?
Is exchanging Indian currency at premium legal?
Are hospitals required to ensure timely follow up care?
How can anyone own land without theft?
What does U.S. law expect developers to do to prevent access to web apps with encryption where export control applies?
Are there examples of confidentiality clauses which still allow some public disclosures?
Limitations of software development & scraping
How to prove parents without a birth certificate
Why can ONLY federal authorities regulate interstate commerce?
Are documentaries from the 1940s and 50s allowed to be posted on youtube?
Would anything prevent a mortgage fixed to a property, portable between people in the UK?
Do companies formed in other states require a separate registration in California?
What gives me the right to use user-generated content for ... anything?
Copyright expiration and public domain of books
Age Limit for Site Moderator
Employment contract prohibiting salary discussion in the UK?
Can I leak this database?
Is it legal to use screen recording of different google image search results for profit?
Legality of lawyer retaining monies won in settlement?
Legality of data "chunking" concerning child pornography
I think I'm being unfairly punished in my workplace - do I have legal recourse?
If somebody dies in my house, should I plan to be staying at a hotel?
What happens if I shoot a police officer in self-defense during a SWAT raid?
Difference between "Private Property" and "No Tresspassing" signage
Copyright, fair use, and "news" sites copying articles from each other
How is this not a logical contradiction: 'He lends his exertions to all, himself to none.'?
If proven, would collusion with Russia to interfere with election meet criteria for charge of treason?
Non-commercial copyright infringement
Hypothetical: Suing over destroyed property given away freely?
Can I cut down a neighbor's tilted fence that overhangs my yard?
Law in History: Weapon Law in New York in the 1960s: Long Blades
Is editing a comment in SO copyright infringement?
Fair Use Quoting Reviews in Videos
Can LLC's have treasury units?
What is Hans Reiser's earliest release date?
Assault in an airplane aisle
Is an excessive NDA legal?
How to research tax law?
Is it self defense to use force on someone threatening violence but hasn't used it yet?
How is compensation divided up in class action lawsuits?
Use of "evidence" like ISP metadata in divorce cases in Australia
Is it illegal to sell products in my own branded packaging?
Can I use and how do I credit a Creative Commons image within a larger copyrighted work?
How much can I quote from an academic book for my lecture notes?
Can I use a store name as part of my trivia game?
Can I create a will before our baby is born?
Does Google own Android apps that I post on Google Play?
Can I terminate my contract with a building contractor?
Can a California living trust give the trustee authority to distribute assets to beneficiaries on an as-needed basis?
Do I have recourse against my employer for broadcasting my suspension to coworkers?
Where can I report criminal intent found on the dark web?
Charging VAT on reselling foreign Wordpress Plugin?
Is there any legal precedent for copyright to one's image when digitally recreated?
EU Cookie Law can I use cookies before users' consent?
Filing business taxes with just a social security number?
501(c)(3) Bylaws Question - Does this clause mean a motion to amend bylaws can go forward without quorum?
Why do you have to accept a licencing agreenment before installing Java but not C++?
Is it legal to read and edit on the fly JavaScript code with a browser?
Why is the CC-BY license so long?
Is it legal to dowload youtube video without sharing it?
Found Lost Flash Drive
How to prepare for an interview under caution?
Gaining possession of adjoining building (garages)
Does the father have the rights to keep the baby that the mother wants adopted?
Legal to scrape social media for pictures?
Does rebuilding a computer game from scratch infringe copyright?
Declaration of war on a de-facto state?
What legal responsibility does a mother have to the father of her child?
How do I share equity in a business run under my LLC?
I own 35% of a family business. Should I be receiving 35% of the profits of the company?
Is a power of attorney (in my parent's hands) enough to unfreeze a frozen US bank account?
Copyright law for an author: Can a word be copyrighted?
Is a student allowed to sell online photos of biological material made at the educational institution?
How does a paid endorser avoid conflicts of interest?
Under Nixle's Terms of Service, am I allowed to analyze e-mail alerts?
Is a payment contract invalid if one party doesn't attempt to collect payment from other parties?
If I accidentally send a package to the wrong person, is it still my property?
Client wants me to sign a contract after 1 year of working together, cites US tax laws as the reason
Can Trump use executive order to lower the Medicare age?
No public record found? what does this mean?
Taking control of an adult's healthcare
How does this agreement define 'revenue'?
Constitutionality of laws restricting employment practices in the executive branch
Are records for Right To Know requests maintained, and are they publicly accessible?
What does "procedural defenses" mean?
Why is the U.S. government allowed to grow and distribute marijuana?
What is the legality of "reverse grafitti"?
How does personal drug possession affect interstate commerce?
What is the retention periods for employees data in Germany?
What exactly are an officer's requirements in order to demand ID in the US (New York)?
Can the U.S. government sue medical marijuana dispensaries for copyright infringement?
If an officer has a warrant to collect an electronic device, can the owner insist it's turned off first?
If a thief breaks in, gets hit on the head in a struggle and dies - is it involuntary manslaughter?
If a criminal charge was "dismissed", does that mean the case was dismissed after conviction?
Can I used an ASCII generated version of a copyrighted image in my game?
Is it lawful for a company to refuse a refund of a cancelled subscription service?
Are pictures posted on social media protected?
Can a lawyer charge the business fee (Geschäftsgebühr) when my interaction with amounts only to an e-mail exchange?
Does anyone besides the president have the authority to pardon?
If under investigation for a minor incident, how do I answer immigration questions about my criminal history?
Is it possible to offer an loyalty program that doesn't have intrinsic value
Bought a flood damaged car
What's my entitlement if prize not received
Can you be arrested the day a law is enacted?
Is copyright infringement theft?
What are the differences and similarities between copyright and licensing?
Is there a risk of getting flagged as an extremist if someone opposes “fundamental British values” in Britain?
Copyright vs. right to attribution
Use of published research for software development
Can law enforcement use a GPS tracking device without a warrant?
How long must a landlord give notice when a tenant got a pet without permission?
Does attempting to hack into a system constitute a cybercrime by itself?
Placed on 24 hour shift under National Minimum Wage (UK)
Under California residential lease agreement are tenants considered as a single person?
Signal violation in vehicle not owned by driver
Are booby-traps illegal if they don't harm humans?
Was cannabis legal in the U.S. in 1969-1970?
How can I have legal employees under an LLC without paying them?
Was it legal for the US government to torture detainees?
Is compromising a user considered legal if it is to inform them?
Need overarching term for laws and regulations
Acquiring shares in a newly formed US start-up as forgeiner?
Is there a legal requirement in the UK to receive physical post?
What does Mgst mean?
Taking advantage of seller pricing errors
How come Canadian Police Information Checks do not show arrests, only convictions?
What are the penalties for filing a false report to Child Protective Services?
What entitlements do I have if someone uses my video on Facebook and gets millions of views?
What exactly theoretically defines Moral Turpitude, related to a Canadian crossing the US Border?
Is it illegal for someone holding a public office in the United States to accept money intended as a bribe if they do not act on the bribe?
Are charges subject to Double jeopardy if they have been pleaded out of?
Can Chelsea Manning be sued in civil court by anyone named in the documents that were leaked?
Year of passage of Massachusetts age of consent law
Do legal documents use the person's current or former legal name when referring to the past?
What happens with the decedents' estate when a person dies whilst in a rolling contract?
Issues with taking unofficial money from girlfriend when paying mortgage
What is a 'arbeitnehmerueberlassung' German working contract?
Can manufacturers make it an IP tort to connect to their machines?
Is spoken R2D2 language illegal?
Actionability of web site terms of service
A person related to you by blood or marriage?
I couldn't move in right away, can I claim my deposit back?
Can my landlord double-dip rent after my month-to-month lease termination?
Can one make a right turn at the intersection if there is a right turn slip lane?
Pros and cons of binding arbitration vs. court of law?
Is Foreign Qualification necessary if I work from home?
Is infecting your own files illegal? How does this differ from a more aggressive form of DRM?
Can prices change in the middle of a contract
Is it legal for Sacramento State Business School to ask for a photo as part of the application?
May I publish hearing documents in a book and on the web?
Creation Date of Massachusetts Law
Using a trademarked item in another product
Would it be legal for bookmakers to take bets on someone being assassinated?
What do we call the rules written in an Act, laws?
Accessing Internet Connected Devices with Default Credentials
illegal activity on web
Recourse for CAN-SPAM violation (impossible to unsubscribe)
Are user-space programs designed for modified Linux kernels considered derived works under GPLv2?
If collateral secured in a promissory note no longer belongs to the borrower, what happens on default?
US: consumer remedy rights for product safety recall
How often is bail money returned?
Would "Stop a Douchebag" be legal in the US? Why is it legal in Russia?
Police jurisdiction outside of their agency's area
Privacy on stolen laptop
Can information about a drug - trade name, interactions, etc. - be copyright protected?
Is scraping a database by an undocumented API endpoint illegal?
Is cracking software with server emulators illegal?
Can my manager use my picture without my permission after termination?
My teacher is requesting private family life details, is this legal?
Is this termination procedure legal in California?
Can an untraceable license be enforced in court?
Are counter-strike guns icons legally used in "case simulators"?
Criminal federal laws regarding functions of civil officers
Is owning leaked databases illegal in the US?
Is HB-135 (Government Nondiscrimination Act) unconstitutional?
Do the designs of cakes fall under intellectual property law (e.g. copyright) in the USA?
Are SLA's copyrighted or intellectual property?
Is the US President immune from civil lawsuits?
Legal distribute a book by Isaac Asimov
Do Colombia and Norway have an extradition treaty?
State testing unarmed ballistic weapons off some waters abroad?
Does my employer own code I write at home using the Visual Studio license from work?
The Statement of Economic Interest with the Mississippi Ethics Commission is confusing me
Side business and licensing
Homeowner's insurance industry blacklisting?
In Canada, is it legal to sell downloaded and printed textbooks?
Who is responsible for proving the validity / invalidity of a license for a song should it be challenged?
UK - Can my (hostile) landlord's (hostile) agents enter my flat to conduct viewings without my explicit permission?
School Search Laws
How can Subway's and my local pizzeria legally use imperial-only units to sell their goods?
Copyright infringement
Can US citizens be denied entry to the US?
One company buys another. Does it also take over existing contractual obligations?
What is the difference between a law and an act?
Can I purchase my parents home over time as a way to free up some cash for them
Where can I find insurance claim requirements and standards for a given state (Texas, etc)
International enforcement of dirty ship "laws"
Who within the United States would have a legal obligation to report (or stop) a suicide attempt?
Why is the structure of the US Code so poor? (And would it even be legal to reorganize it?)
How does one supreme court case set the standard for all following cases?
Money from relatives given initially as a gift now asking for repayment
Are comments posted on websites owned by the website or the commenter?
What is the punishment for slavery in the United States?
Does a company have the right to perform MITM SSL stripping attack on their employees?
Can you legally defend yourself against an attacking police officer?
Can I destroy foreign currency?
Lethal force to prevent virus outbreak?
Are priests held to the same standards as attorneys?
Driving damaged car in France
Which insurer is liable for a peril than spans two policy periods
Can a self-made photo of a mass product (not containing any logos) be claimed as entirely own work?
Can I use the name of a fictional company
Does the order barring entry of certain aliens into the US properly apply to permanent residents?
Universal 2 factor authentication (U2F) and pleading the fifth amendment
Can I use content I submitted to a website because they went out of business?
Can a contract waive negligence in Ontario, Canada?
Can law enforcement/military shoot to kill for merely making a phone call that is deemed treasonous?
What is the legal source of the banned immigrants list?
If "peppercorn" rent is not collected, can a tenant claim legal ownership of property? (UK)
How can the judicial branch enforce a judge's order against the CBP if it does not comply?
Do I have to pay an untimely electricity bill?
Is it legal to download subtitles from youtube videos
Text message legally binding?
Is it legal to sell copies from unbranded products?
Can I use a workaround I developed to bypass the internet filter at work?
Can a trade show producer copyright an email leads list?
What crime is commited when a mechanic charges for an unneeded or non-existent service?
Can a person appear in court pro se with counsel?
When can a defendant in a criminal trial introduce evidence?
"The 2 for 1 regulations EO": how much is the executive branch allowed to legislate?
Can a doctor withhold test results due to non-payment?
On what basis might Trump's executive order on immigration be illegal?
What Rules Apply To Foreign Nationals Buying Real Estate In Mexico?
Signing Under Duress in school?
Using emoji in my iPhone app
CEOs can't sell stock without risking imprisonment?
Is there any way to renounce citizenship of a foreign country legally in the U.S.?
Would labor laws prevent an RA from TAing?
What if a guilty person is later found innocent?
What do the last four words of the Tenth Amendment mean?
Is someone in Interpol's Red Notice List allowed to board an international flight back to the country that is seeking the individual?
Are lethal autonomous weapon systems legal?
Probate: Larke vs Nugus statement
In the US in a Chapter 13 bankruptcy, when are the amounts considered paid?
legal defense on laws applied differently to different persons
What crime did Walter White commit against Jane in Breaking Bad?
Is there a legal definition of "viewing a property" (in the UK)?
New proposed H1B bill - who exactly does it affect?
How does copyright on Recipes work?
Can we use client email addresses for marketing?
Can a retail marijuana shop bank from a locally owned bank outside of their state?
How should multiple copyright holders be credited using the MIT license?
Is it legal to restrict rental advertisement to local principles only?
Is using a person's face in satirical video without video legal?
Can the executive branch instruct an agency to not enforce a law?
Abuse of power / official capacity / misuse of authority etc financial damage minimum?
Would using Windows 10 Home on a PC in a build farm violate the license terms?
Can I drive my friend's car without having car insurance myself?
Is there something legally stronger than a pardon that does not constitute an admission of guilt?
Do cities and counties in Texas have to set the speed limit to the 85th percentile?
Establishing Ownership of a Sink Drain In Wall - Condo in California
Am I allowed to put an illustration based on Simpsons on the cover of my book?
When is "reasonable" not implied in a contract?
Are officials shielded from implementing an executive order later considered unconstitutional?
What to put for D-U-N-S number?
What limited legal rights do bondholders, suppliers, and employees have in a corporation?
Is it legal to print (non-pirated) textbook pdfs that are made freely available online by the copyright-holder?
What is a declaration?
Legal issues around digital mirrors in public transportation?
When was murder first made a federal crime?
Legality of absolving martial arts class of responsibility if injury or death occurs?
How does binding precedent work with juries in trial courts?
Do I need to mention policies on cookies if my site is using Amazon associates program?
Who is liable in case of a cybersecurity breach?
Can an employer owe money for an employee's income tax?
What is illegal about illegal street racing?
What's the difference between signing and ratifying a treaty?
Russian law of extradition
Can I email the prosecutor?
Monetary value of a human being per some historical treaty?
Rabbinical courts in Israel throw people in jail?
Why didn't Washington sue Trump directly in the Supreme Court?
Does a defendant in a criminal misdemeanor trial have to show up for announcement?
Do I need to be a non profit to accept donations on my website?
Girlfriend got a parking ticket for parking in front of her own house. Is this legal?
30-day notice to landlord in Massachusetts: can the rent responsibility end at the end of the month in which the 30-day notice falls?
Is altering a photograph of someone's face illegal?
Can contracts include irrevocable terms of imprisonment for breach?
How can the NFL assert copyright over "any pictures, descriptions, or accounts of the game"?
Can PHP code be used without permission?
Am I allowed to take money for cigarettes?
Do certain laws result in a 'taking?'
Can the US congress "break any deadlock that crops up between the president and the judiciary by ... impeaching a president or judge"?
How is 'adverse possession' 'adverse'?
Youtube and copyright on music composition
Do football players still get paid if they get sidelined?
Can a minor legally sign an employment contract?
Retrieving and Filling UCC documents (US)
If a company changes terms of service, can I refuse and get a refund for the affected product?
When is evidence introduced that is not easily shown
Will Arkansas's new abortion law prevent out-of-state abortions?
Changing Copyright date notice for a revised edition
What data can you legally copyright?
Is a summer REU considered OPT/CPT training for F-1 visa?
Do I need to be co-operative when stopped by a law enforcement officer?
Sister is living rent free in inherited property. Should she pay rent to other sibling?
Studying abroad - penalty clause
What is the difference between enacting and promulgating?
Is standing required in traffic court cases when the accused raises the interest?
Executive/Judiciary Separation of Powers: Weaknesses?
Can I design or remix a model in SketchUp Make and legally share it via Thingiverse, MyMiniFactory or similar?
Is the Senate rule against "impugning a senator" constitutional?
Boilerplate for all proceeds from a project going to a specific charity?
Does a lease agreement survive change of owner?
Can the US president be charged of crime such as murder while in office?
Can a Pub Quiz be copyrighted? What about the Final Results spreadsheet?
Can a defendant challenge the constitutionality of the statute being accused of?
How can I find the copyright owner?
Is it legal to use movie frames or actor images as online avatars?
What constitutes consent to record a conversation?
Can officials enjoy immunity for any crime by asserting they acted in official capacity?
Is Steve Bannon's Navy Personnel file protected information and if so, does USA Today bear legal culpability for obtaining and publishing it?
In English law does a joint tenancy convert to a tenancy in common if a new tenant is added
Can illegal aliens claim sanctuary in a church?
Can you go to the Supreme Court just to get a stay on a TRO?
Murder vs aggravated assault vs attempted murder
Is there liability for accidental deaths of astronauts?
Trademark infringement?
Where to find court rulings related to spousal alimony?
Can an employer request recertification for a spouses permanent disability?
Are "safe distance" citations handled on a case-by-case basis? (USA)
Is there a list of SCOTUS decisions by "side"?
Is a teacher/school administrator allowed to force me to decrypt my phone?
Legal options for unauthorized access to bank account (and how to prove it)
Is it lawful to keep a user from updating one's own content on Stack Exchange?
What are the relevant U.S. laws that cover businesses that disburse cash?
What crimes are senators and representatives immune of?
Who is responsible for an intra-hospital ambulance?
How does copyright licensing work?
What consequences can a legal non-citizen 14 year old face if he applies for a credit card using someone else's SSN without permission?
Can I use any library I want in a public domain program?
What is the legality of a business announcing the use of upcoming profits for political advocacy?
Appying for positions on the federal bench?
Can the costs of a "charity challenge" be paid for with part of the funds raised?
What does "majority at" mean in ruling documents
Is there any option other then impeachment to address a situation where a president abuses his power for financial gain?
Can I be sued for libel for warning others about claims maybe by individuals who do not want to come forward to collaborate them?
What rights do inmates have during natural disasters?
Can someone short a stock if they have information that is likely to cause the stock to drop?
Presentations allowed during final argument?
Title IX and the "Dear colleague" letter
Can you legally stop an unsupervised child from acting up
Clarification for UK age of consent
Can a judge order a juror stricken for cause to return?
Is user consent needed to display a Google Map on a website?
Does USA contract work outside the USA for non-residents?
What if a Dog attacks an intruder?
SEC Act 1933 or 1934 Reporting Requirements triggered for sale over 10M?
Why do boxing fights need to be sanctioned by state authorities?
Legal Extent of Non-Solicitation Obligation Statement
Liability limited to 1 euro
Can a university in EU refuse to grant me a degree after I completed studies?
Do I need to verify the licensing of an image to be used on a clients website?
Can a landlord ask me to see my luggage when moving in?
Can Donald Trump's Tax Returns be obtained through a Freedom of Information Request?
What is "wilful act" and "gross negligence" under UK's law?
How can I know if I can modify/copy resources on this website?
Is a religion that involves head hunting legal in the United States?
leave your car unlocked with a "please steal me" sign in window to collect insurance?
Do replies to a tenant have to address every statement they make?
Legal definition of assault?
Can a business keep funds it has collected if it cannot complete an order agreement because the paying party proves unreachable?
Can I cancel a car purchase if the seller does not deliver on promises promptly?
Does adding text "I am not a lawyer" or equivalent, on the internet in general, do anything in legal terms?
Marriage certificate missing a file number - acceptable?
Police and doctors
What automatic citation/bibliography programs are well-designed for law papers?
Executive Order 9066
At what point would giving biased attention, positive or negative, to a candidate, constitute endorsement of or opposition to a candidate?
Exceptions to Article VI's Supremacy Clause for private party contracts
Are Drone Intrusion Prevention Systems (Drone IPS) systems illegal?
Is the United States at War?
Document license that explicitly forbids attribution of derived work
CopyFree, LGPL & GPL: is Closed Source Possible?
Does a company have a legal obligation to uphold its TOS?
Does California Penal Code 1214.1 disallow the requirement to pay bail before Trial by Written Declaration?
Loaning app, protection and insurance
PA Right to Know Law : could a person ask the local police department what records or information they have on a former resident of the town?
How do I find the correct fine/fee/bail for a municipal code parking violation?
How do I determine if a class action settlement offer is legitimate?
Should a lease letter state that it supersedes the lease itself?
What are the consequenses of reporting criminal damage by my partner?
At what point in a US airport have I been "admitted" to the US for legal purposes?
Can people sue other people in foreign countries and force them to respond?
Can I legally use a photo if I'm in it?
can i trademark an image someone posted online from their friend
Can you trademark a proper noun from a work of fiction?
Signed lease but no money or key exchange, it is binding
Could major news organizations have a case against President Trump for defamation / libel?
How many times compassionate appointment can be given to a family
Is it possible to register a vehicle with original title, death certificate, and bill(s) of sale?
What can be done if a contract states that no legal action will be taken if there is a breach?
What does "cause" mean in this law?
Can an NDA be legally valid if there's agreement to not disclose real information?
When are non-indemnification type clauses needed in a contract?
Can ecommerce merchants contractually disallow credit card chargebacks?
If a product is faulty, who can be held liable?
Can I accept donations if I use open source software with "no commercial use" clause?
What is the terminus of the AUMF?
Which, if any, data protection laws apply?
Does Matt Furey own the Pepe variants?
Is it defamation if the defamatory comments were unintentionally published?
Can grand juries indict people without the prosecutor asking?
Can I break a lease for an unrepaired leaking roof?
Would pirating Train Simulator and all its DLC classify as Grand Theft?
The comparative degree and superlative degree: what to do when comparing uncertain number of things?
Can an employer dictate when an employee can take annual leave?
Is a lawyer allowed to stop representing his client?
Can a minor copyright or trademark?
Can a landlord return to live in his property together with an overholding tenant?
Weapons vs objects coincidentally used as weapons
When is something considered a valid confession?
Can a country defend against invasions?
Is it legal in Denmark to deface religious scriptures?
Can I get a generic name trademarked?
Software Development Contract and Inventions
Why are emergency exits that don't immediately open legal?
Are there restrictions on what can and cannot be called "Stainless Steel" for marketing purposes?
Would a one-way ticket to Mars be legal?
Does Title VII prevent employers from diversifying their workplace by refusing to hire people who aren't of a specific ethnic minority?
Registering car cosigned by another person who lives in another state
Representation of anonymous clients
When and how does an addendum apply?
Are the standards of proof different for a U.S. versus a foreign national in an alleged "sham marriage?"
British Citizenship
Is Trump’s barring of select media outlets from White House press conferences a violation of the First Amendment?
Standing and legal remedies for voter suppression and vote discarding
German Tax for foreigner student
Why is there a year generated in copyright license code?
Is this fraud in California?
What is the purpose of this "Rule of construction" in a bill (H.R. 720)?
Does charging one with premeditated murder weaken the case if the murder was not premeditated?
Is it legal to detain someone to prevent a possible crime that might be committed?
What would happen to a member of the Austrian air force, if he flew over refugees with an airplane?
Can I carry a gun in a case in Florida while riding a bicycle?
Why is the Queen of Canada known as Elizabeth II?
Damages During Open House
What happens if I die without a will?
What happens if a person is thought to be dead and their estate is administered, and then they turn up alive?
What happens to my employment contract when my employer is acquired?
Finding text of legislation in India
Visa application refused in Germany
Can I ask for Hospital Discharge report?
Can patents for an invention expire? If so, how? If not, how can I get permission to borrow or buy it?
Neighbor trees' shade impact solar panel production?
What happens if a project mixes different licenses?
Is there a legal system or theory where punishment is proportional to the probability of an offence?
Full-time Freelancing for UK based client from Spain
Can I kill people with my drone?
Is A Signed Written Agreement Alongside A Lease Contractually Binding?
Can Employer Destroy Payroll Records of Current Employee?
Must I pay new employee for reading the safety manual?
Pay for unused vacation: Can India employer refuse to encash leaves?
Terminology: mens rea analogy
Can an employer force an employee to have a social media account and put their current employment information on the profile?
Can I distribute the vtd-xml Java JAR (uses a GPLv2 license) with my commercial product and keep my product closed-source?
Question regarding share of profit and loss in LLP
Where can I find examples of blank motion forms?
What are UK laws on the formation of micro-nations?
Should I return my signing bonus if I am fired from my job?
Can I cross out parts of a contract before signing it?
Using Pokémon names and Images on Pokémon GO Map websites
What is difference between CC0 and Creative Commons Public Domain?
Does Github's License Grant clause in the ToS make one legally liable?
Stolen GPL program (a hypothetical case)
Waiver of Mandatory Minimums: why would that be up to the prosecutor and not a judge?
Possible for employees to get retention bonuses after being forced out of the company?
Can I add translated subtitles to a video licensed with a CC-BY-NC-ND?
Is a store security guard grabbing my shopping a theft?
Do I have video rights over my software?
Putting up a "we're closing!" sign illegal?
Lawmakers and practicing medicine without a license
Is it legal to bribe an employee of a fully private company?
Must the credit reel be displayed in a public performance/display of copyrighted works?
Why don't publishers release journal articles whose copyright have expired into Public Domain?
Is taking advantage of someone else's lack of knowledge considered a fraud?
What is the relation between Trademarks and Domains?
Do private contracts supersede local/state/federal laws?
Build upon parts of CC BY-NC-SA 2.5 in a paid, educational content
Does my birth certificate count as a "U.S. Certificate of Citizenship"?
If a retailer sends you something you didn't order, can you keep it?
Can state keep a part of my cash bond if found not guilty?
Do alcoholic ingredients in food prohibit distribution to minors?
Can the federal government class action an Eminent Domain lawsuit?
"Like Facebook, only better" - Can I legally use this in marketing?
Why aren't alcoholic extracts considered alcoholic beverages?
What is the geographic extent of attorney-client privilege?
If the US President is sued, do the taxpayers fund his defense and any settlements?
How long an arm does the U.S. have against foreign "violators" of U.S. law outside the U.S.?
Accrued interest in the award of legal fees
Who is liable when the membership of a partnership changes?
Exemption from chapter
Electric personal delivery device use on local street
Do men lose custody of children if they are found to not be the biological father?
What would I get charged with if went around posting fliers for a non-existent yard sale at the house of someone I don't like?
Insurance situation for unpaid babysitter
resident on December 31
Is it legal for the President of the United States to order a wiretap on a citizen of the United States?
Is it legal to create a copy of a book for personal use and then gift the original to others, so they could repeat this process indefinitely?
Can cropping a sprite invalidate copyright?
EU Cookie Law: can two sites differing by the third level domain can be considered a single website?
Would someone actually sue me for attributing them?
How could accusations of defamation themselves be defamatory?
Should I pay rent, post-lease period, when I didn't live there anymore?
Increase in civil award damages in 1980s?
Intellectual property for an app's code
Does paying a fee, even under protest, waive all right to contest its assessment?
Holding harmless to the extent it infringes on others
Force person on stand to only say, yes or no, legal?
In Michigan, are cough drops a taxable item?
copyrighted midi files vs public domain midi files under public domain or creative commons
Why can a medical score get a protection by copyright?
Document stating a person's ability to be an adoptive parent in Ireland
German tax fraud / money laundering - Is there reward for identifying?
Is it legal to pull over a vehicle in Oregon for having a tail light out if there are more than two tail lights?
Can I be held financially liable for services I received as a minor?
Can I get in trouble just for owning a copyright? Even if I never touched or even saw the work
How to prove that your Intellectual Property (IP) was stolen
Using R packages for commercial use
Passport for adopted American w/o birth certificate
Little misunderstanding in Creative Commons licence BY-NC-ND 4.0 (section 2b1, about moral rights)
How do I find a specific case in Delaware?
If two individuals who are too drunk to give consent have sex are both guilty of rape?
Under HIPAA, do I have the legal right to see the electronic records themselves?
Can a vehicle be stopped and driver ticketed for defective equipment in Texas when third stop lamp inoperable
Can you operate a liquor service outside a prohibited area and make deliveries into the prohibited area?
In the United States, is there a Governmental Entity that oversees the auditing of various other non-governmental entities?
Does "vicarious consent" exception to ECPA apply in the 9th circuit?
Can company name conflict arise between two companies in different geographic market?
As the borrower, can I prevent my loan guarantor/co-signer from being released from the guarantee?
Meaning of the word "person" and "individual" under U.S. law
Why the system only favour HMRC even if they in the wrong?
Can I use modified version of Apple, Android, Windows, and Blackberry logos in commercial advertising to show compatibility?
Transfer of Ownership of a Trademarked Domain Name
Can the States be taxed by the Federal Government in the US
Can video rental stores legally digitize and stream the videos they already own?
Are so-called "BDSM Contracts" legally enforceable? What specific laws would forbid this?
What would have happened to Mel Gibson and Danny Glover in real life?
My ex keeps coming to my house uninvited
Establishing Religious Freedom for Otherwise Illegal Worship Practices
Am I allowed to open source my Dr. Seuss txt files on GitHub?
If you find some code in a tutorial but the license says "you may not upload this resource to other websites" does it mean you cannot use it?
Can I use a GPL in a closed-source program by having a very large download file and a very small download speed?
What can happen if a person violates a website's terms of service?
Researching of decades old oil well deed?
sole proprietorship tax question
In an interstate adoption involving parents from two different states, which laws are used?
What are some pitfalls and ramifications of publishing written content to Youtube as audio content
Is Encrypted Intellectual Property still considered Intellectual Property?
Enforcing GPL without copyright
Can the "agent's immunity rule" apply to individual principals too?
Trademark infringement between product and software
Is downloading lecture notes legal?
The difference between a self-governing colony and a dominion
Is it legal for a company to require signed permission from one's current employer before applying?
How does the Bank Secrecy Act affect normal law-abiding citizens?
Are pirated movies and software legal for personal use?
Cease and desist texting
Dodging police bullet illegal?
Can former President Obama sue President Trump for defamation?
Is it illegal to send a child a naked picture of their parent?
Is it possible for appellant to examine the written grounds of judgment by the Sessions Court Judge before deciding whether to file an appeal?
Is it legal to sell scale models of buildings I have no affiliation with?
Does the Americans with Disabilities Act require deleting/blocking media that is not accessible?
In Ontario, is it legal to step into a seldom-used bike lane in order to ask a car driver for a ride?
Trespass Warrant
Is this a pyramid scheme? If so, how do I stop it?
What happens if Federal Courts contradict each other?
Refusing to pay part of a installment plan
Parenting plan by youngest or oldest
Partial Payment: ramifications under English & Welsh law?
Android app cryptography does it fall under US Export laws?
Germany Vs EU Parliament, Case C-233/94: summary of the case
What is the penalty for not complying with a quarantine order?
How can two separate federal judges rule on the same question at basically the same time?
Can a US President give police a "kill order"?
I'm being hacked, stalked and gossiped about. Do I have a chance at suing for slander, character assasination?
Place and date of author's death and copyright
Can i download and edit youtube videos and use them to make another video?
What is the "equitable rule of reason" in the fair use doctrine?
Immigration status of airline crew members on layover
Is producing porn partially legal in India?
What does "human-perceivable form" mean?
If work done by Chanakya like Chanaky Niti is in public domain, then how some people publishing books and selling them?
Does the US Consumer Law entitle buyers to refunds for future price reductions?
Can U.S. states form or join new unions?
Can I re-distribute public domain work from a copyrighted source?
Why can colleges "discriminate" against students from other states by charging them more?
Does entering a photo in a competition qualify as commercial usage?
How to find a rightholder?
Vague clause in employment contract
How far does the fruit of the poisonous tree doctrine extend?
Good Samaritan law
Are there any restrictions in international law on charging a person to return to their own country?
Does testifying before Congress carry the obligation to be forthcoming?
What are instances when one party may have to pay the legal fees of another before the case is decided?
May known (for both party) implicit limitations change the scope of a contract?
Under what circumstances do civil cases go before juries in the U.S.?
Is it illegal for police officers to delete video evidence of an arrest?
Is NY State Constitution Article VI Section 18 (a) Unconstitutional?
What happens if Congress declares war, but POTUS refuses to fight it?
Can I sell an Android app by taking someone's written work that is in a public domain, and then adding some of my work to it?
Am I obligated to pay a mortgage if a region is annexed?
Fine without any reminder, after not having honored contract obligations
How does the US legal system prevent successful evidence tampering from reducing total punishment?
Is it possible to go out of a supermarket with something you didn't pay for legally?
In Canada, is it legal for citizens to launch a small object into space?
Is a mortgage lender liable for missed tax credits?
Can someone take over my business name, with common words?
Interesting hypothetical: Is it legal to deny service to a customer in a children's dentistry if he is scaring other kids based on his appearance?
Is it legal to work for commision only in Canada?
Can I make someone open a restaurant for me, so that they'd be the owner but I would still earn at least as much as them?
Legality of secretly micro-chipping coins?
When do depositions require a court reporter?
Could Thompson v Spedding [1973] apply in this situation?
Why didn't European VW cars owners get any reimburse after VW scandal?
Can companies refuse to hire you if you've sued them in small claims court before?
Resellers under GDPR - disclosure of data processors or countries of data storage?
Notarize an offer letter that has been signed by the employer
Can a will order private property be destroyed?
Software License For Proprietary Software Open Only For Licensee Modification and Security Review?
necessity of collecting SSN's for 1099's (re Affiliate programs)
Is it legal to use school logo in my free mobile app?
Copyright protection: life + 70 years. But whose life?
If I use my parents' address as my permanent address, can I get renters insurance at a different address?
What is the scope of a warrant in a shared apartment?
Is my orchard property, particularly the house, able to become a restaurant?
Are "Terms of Service" legally binding that are presented contrary to "Best Practices"?
Loose dogs kill cat
How can the Internet sites showing naked "teens" be within the law?
Does the digitalisation (pdf) of a work already in the public domain has copyright?
Is it legal to give a friend money to avoid taxation in the UK?
Can a US citizen with dual citizenship travel without getting a US passport?
Is there any way to find out if a deceased person owns properties across the United States?
Do I have to take someone's picture off the internet if they ask me to?
Getting New York based company to delete my personal information
If a copyright owner doesn't sue for infringing behavior, does that prevent them from suing me later?
Is an attorney who hasn't agreed to represent me yet required to keep our discussions confidential?
Shopkeeper obligation to show taxed price
Is it illegal to encourage someone to fight you?
Colorado Trespassing on Mechanic property
Is spousal immunity affected if one spouse dies?
How can one validate an assertion that "X" is not legal?
Are police officers required to wear masks and protective gear when disposing of illegal cannabis?
Commercial Use of Recorded Output made by Speech Synthesis via Web Speech API on Chrome
Putting Last Month's Rent in Escrow and Security Deposit
In the United States (Michgan) is it legal to publish IP Addresses that were trying to hack my web server?
What international body would one go to file a case against Australian Immigration?
Can others simply repost my Creative Commons YouTube video?
Public Intoxication in Texas
What are the fines / penalties for having two people in the front passenger seat?
Exploiting a bug in bitcoin is unethical, but is it illegal?
Book out of print - copyright?
determining who filed a disputed document
A question about the Guano Islands Act
How is bias avoided in the selection of members of Constitutional benches in India?
Can I use unsolicited code in my commercial project?
Ok to paint exterior trim of leased building?
Pennsylvania Leash and Dangerous Dog Unclear
10 year old traffic ticket
What characters are allowable in a US name?
Is a company liable if an employee intentionally ignores company procedures?
Is agreeing in a pre nup to get divorced in Scotland legally binding?
Can I do a small claims suit against someone that moved out of the country
Legality of using homemade pyrotechnics in desert, but within city limits
Can the owner of a limited liability company be penalized?
Discrimination by location (UK)
The use of "otherwise" in law or treaty context
Is it true that it is legal in the US to circulate fliers that call for the extermination of a race or religion?
jury nullification
How much money can minors receive as gifts?
Can a community college hold commencement at a church?
Easement for safety reasons
How enforceable is a TA10 after exchange and completion
What does a a landowner deposit made under Highways Act 1980 and the Commons Act 2006 actually mean?
Is this NDA terminated after the date shown?
Can you make campaign donations on someone's behalf?
How to stop an alcoholic from driving?
Creating Online games bots
What is the difference between Article 10 and Article 11 of the Indian Constitution
When does third party liability not pay?
Public screening rights
Does a vendor need to research trademarks of material a client wants to use?
What kinds payments/accounts are reported under the automated exchange of tax information between countries?
Can a landlord countersue tenant after tenant wins regarding over-charge of cleaning fee?
I understand the US portion for applying for a K1 Visa - what about requirements from Russia?
Which year to put in copyright notice when mixing old content?
What to do with Grandad's Top Secret documents
Can a law firm provide additional professional services to clients?
Weather my comments committed coercion in the second degree in NY?
If the KJV is still in copyright in the UK could I have a problem if people buy something quoting it from the US?
Difference between pocket and absolute veto in the context of Indian constitution
Can anything be done when people admit to crimes through an online game?
Do Patents have to be original?
Regulations of Tempest protection of buildings
Have there ever been examples of public school's restriction of community service being unlawful?
Does Capitalization/Spacing Affect Trademark Protections
US laws requiring US citizens to enter the country at designated border crossings
The term "foreign national" in US immigration law
Why is a case often decided by more than one instance?
Income tax: Working for a foreign company from home
Can a Recruitment Officer be sued for working for another company of the same industry as his former one?
Looking for case: grad student union cannot negotiate student housing
Sublease when Landlord unreasonably withholds consent
In light of the Alice case, are patents for ideas such as HotOrNot still considered enforceable?
NY Lemon law out of state buyers
Who is owed royalties when a song samples a song that has sampled another song?
Bathroom Lighting in the UK: Is British Standard BS 7671 a required LAW
How to sign a prenup when marrying a foreign lady?
Am I responsible for this car accident?
Can Person 2 press charges?
Copyright status of photographs published in 1924 by, and created by, the International Boundary Commission
Licensing header for protecting the idea
In Contracts, why is some text all in uppercase?
Copyright status of rule books
Any rule in the TRIPS agreement which prohibits same subject matter to be protected by different IPRs?
What governs the common law marriage status of polyamorous marriages?
Delinquent utility bill after landlord paying for over 5 years
Do software developers typically retain ownership of work done OUTSIDE of work?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of judicial change in law reform?
Is 'You the Jury' TV show really legal?
How to establish a legal basis for exclusive use of names like Champagne
Music on YouTube? Isn't it a copyright violation?
What legal consequences exist for falsely accusing counterfeiting?
Is this eviction notice legal?
Do you have to disclose you are recording a call that is already being recorded?
Is a company required to supply sufficient car parking spots for its employees?
Can I be recorded at work without my consent in the UK
Is it legal to put competitor name in commercials in USA?
Is there any legal mechanism for a citizen without resources, to be able to sue the state for infringing his/her constitutional rights?
Were the American strikes on Syria legal?
Definition of Majority
Is it legal to publish an edited version of an article without a disclaimer?
Record Video Without Consent for Training Purposes
What consequences are there for use of chemical weapons under the Chemical Weapons Convention and related treaties?
Are the police legally obligated to report an illegal immigrant who reports a crime?
How to prove noise cause Constructive Eviction
How commonly is PGP used by lawyers?
Is it legal to install MacOS (Hackintosh) on Windows (inside VirtualBox) in a commercial environment?
Is this passive induction of suicide?
What would have been the typical penalty for six counts of bigamy in 1604?
Significance of double negative language in 19th amendment of US constitution
Laws regarding consensual sex and intoxication
Legally extract oil
Add code with MIT License to my website
Add Code With Unknown License
Hit during traffic stop
What happens to unsecured debts which were secured in a Ch 13 bankruptcy when dropped?
Legality of agreement between countries
Is airline ticket overbooking fraud?
What is the status of Microsoft "ribbon" licensing as of 2017?
Can a company take donations in lieu of investments and avoid SEC regulation?
Reward for lost phone contractually binding?
Indepdendent/Contractor vs Regular Employee
Can The Owner Change A Github Repository From Public To Private At Any Time?
Do time boundaries apply to a handicap parking sign?
What Constitutes a Chemical Weapon?
Does originalism address how to amend the Constitution for changing values?
Can religious institutions discriminate when selecting their own clergy?
Is it possible to create a trust without any beneficiaries
Does the SEC apply to overseas investments?
Can I modify a program under GPL to use an incompatible library and publish the source?
Promissory Note Versus Loan Agreement for Real Estate Investment
Can I face swap for a video I shot where an individual doesn't consent to using their likeness?
Entering private property that is not enclosed
Can I obtain discount codes using disposable email addresses?
Is it legal for a company to take over management of my property after buying a rent roll without my explicit authority?
My phone carrier advertises "Unlimited" yet I get limited
Why are legal journal articles so long-winded?
What's the total value for customs of a check?
Qualifications or exceptions to a requirement to report to a port of entry
When can a contract override the law?
Legal to scrape data from a website if the data is not intellectual property?
Can a state regulate international money transfers?
Is it legal to bypass location restrictions on web sites?
Would you be convicted of assault, etc. for defending the passenger in the United incident?
Which information is it illegal to keep when a user wants to delete his/her account?
Collateral and Property Rights
Can older parts of Canada's constitution be found unconstitutional?
The HP laptop I received is not as per specification. Can I file a complaint at court?
Is it legal for Maltese border officer to ask where an EU citizen is coming from?
It is legal for Grammarly to read, share and store forever all my emails?
What is the proper way of handling non-USPS packages for long-gone tenants?
Can a sworn declaration be notarized?
Use of anonymous informants to obtain search warrants
Is it possible to pursue criminal charges against administrators abusing title IX?
Is there precedent for double dipping after notice to vacate?
What's required to sell a home owned contract-for-deed that was previously owned by a person now represented by a conservatorship?
Can customs taxes be considered as a breach of contract for online orders?
Can a non US resident find out if there are outstanding warrants against him?
Does the GNU Affero GPL help to protect against closed source if the application is run on a remote server?
Is writing quality regulated by the UK Sale of Goods Act
Canary Wharf - privately owned public space - is it possible to be banned from entering the area?
Legality of Big Tobacco moving into Big Marijuana?
Can a Company be Sued for not Complaining About Its Trademarks Infringements?
Status of Police "Do not cross" tape in England
How is digital property protected by the fourth amendment?
Bank accounts after leaving UK
Be reimbursed after pay on the Internet
How to tell if an image is copyrighted
Vacating Tenant - Notice based on conditions
Can a non-California private resident transfer a handgun (used) not on the DOJ roster to a California resident? If so,what would the procedure be?
Are privacy policies and terms of service copyrighted?
Is the French president empowered to withdraw France from NATO without the support of parliament?
Is it a GPLv3 violation for a project to charge a fee for downloading binaries?
Can the GPL be applied to non-software projects?
Mobile payment app: infringement of Apple's IAP guideline?
Is a defense lawyer who knows, for certain, that a client is guilty, obligated to try and prove innocence?
What are the limits of software licensing?
Can you file a lawsuit before paying unwarranted damage charges?
What happens to court precedent after a constitutional amendment?
Exceptions to vicarious liability
When can a citizens arrest be made and how much force can be used?
How to protect my idea by copyright?
Are song titles protected by copyrights?
Legal remedies if an employee forges my name
Why are SEC lawyers kept in the dark about surveillance and wiretaps?
Is typo in rental contract enforceable
Can academics break the law with their research?
Tennessee landlord's rights on charging tenant's "on file" debit card without authorization
Can I require someone to donate money to a charity I'm not associated with prior to donating an embryo to them in the USA?
Can heirs keep living in the house of a missing person before death is known or assumed?
Gambling law in VA, raffles, lotteries and door prizes
What programming language do software copyright applications need to be in?
Is it legal to keep or make a digital copy of a physical book I bought?
Copyright laws with personal pictures
Can a deliquent become a director in a Florida Condo?
Is there anything special I have to do to associate activity with a company?
Does an emailed promise of confidentiality constitute an NDA?
European Air Passenger rights - Must airline pay?
EU Employer demands birth certificate - Why?
Doesn't Yahoo News Digest infringe copyright?
Do I need copyright permission for a blog
Are municipalities responsible for rat problems?
Reporting an app vulnerability to the authors
Do I have grounds for contesting this parking ticket
No probable cause found in NJ for citizen complaint of official misconduct by chairman of Port Authority. Judge ruled complainant has no standing
What are the requirements to teach at a software engineering "bootcamp?"
Why would a business accept an open ended indemnity clause?
What would happen if an attorney was incapacitated near the start of Supreme Court oral arguments?
NDA non-compete
my mum is withholding my passport from my dad
Can a store accuse me of something and ban me without proof?
Where to register a DBA (company Doing Business As) name?
If someone removes a speed limit sign, can one still be ticketed for driving over the limit?
Is it illegal to access another's saved email account from a personal computer?
what happens if a brand or company's name is a common everyday word?
In reference to a citizen's complaint of official misconduct, in what rule is "proximity" to the crime specified?
Cloud providers and proprietary data
How long can the police hold a car that they're using for evidence?
Copyright issues when making an app
Can a judge deny bail for a failure to appear warrant arrest?
Is it illegal in any way to solicit reviews?
Is it illegal or against the ToS to have two facebook accounts?
Kirtsaeng and books from the UK marked "not for sale in the U.S.A."
In Washington State, how much of a car can be replaced before it's legally not the same car?
When modifying a residential lease, can a separate addendum be used for each tenant?
Is it illegal to break a contract?
Mold cleaning after tenant move out
Are traffic court prosecutors required to watch dashcam videos before presenting officers witness testimony?
Dashcam video contradicts officer's testimony in municipal traffic court, what are the consequences? How do you charge for perjury?
Amazon account security breach
What constitutes PII w.r.t. DPA \ EU legislations?
Does "shall" in a contract preclude the other party from performing a task?
Seizure Without a Warrant
What is the status of mutual combat in the USA?
Is there an alternative to a purchase order that sellers can use?
Liability with Medical Interpreters?
Use of trademark related domain with permission
Is there a common name for lawyers and judges?
How much of this lease is actually binding?
Is the right to free travel somehow covered in the First Amendment?
Legality of forcibly overthrowing the government of New Hampshire
How can I tell what is meant by "assault", as opposed to "battery"?
Is there an "high altitude mountain climbing age" within the United States?
Using © on a website when I don't own all the copyright
Can someone be bound to a contract to which they are not a party?
ISA — Clone ARM Legally — identical functional specs, but different op-code?
Is sex for rent considered prostitution in Australia
Can this contract be valid without any signed agreements and who owns the product?
Is receiving support from an enemy (i.e. reverse treason) a crime?
How does the 5th amendment protect a defendant from disclosing a phone password?
Voter registration for UK citizens living abroad
Internet Cyber stalking for sabotage
Do Bitcoin Banks Need a Banking License?
Confusing EULA statement in Adnroid SDK
Is there a law in the U.S. requiring forum owners to log IP addresses of anonymous posts?
Why is CBD legal in UK, Ireland, etc but it is Illegal to advertise it?
Is it ever legal for a company to instruct employees not to call 911?
What legal protection can someone ask for against a bully in Canada?
What first amendment limits apply to law against "parading or demonstrating?"
What is the purpose of signing some contracts?
Are you legally obliged to show the registered symbol with a logo?
Is Monopoly protected by copyright & trademark?
who will be the owner of personal blog or website when joining a company
Can a college force you to use their health center?
Does congress exempting themselves violate Article 1 Section 9(8) of the Constitution?
Is there liability for distributing someone else's copyrighted material to those with permission to use it?
Is it legal for "in-network" dentist to send me a bill when insurance company denied claim?
Can the council make you cut down trees on your property?
Can a buyout clause for a US LLC's partner be invocable x years in future?
Will New York City's new law prohibiting questions about salary history protect residents who are applying for jobs outside the city?
Can I be liable for copyright infringement if I allow users to create and share drumpad rhythms?
Dismiss with Prejudice Following Settlement - Do I lose protection for a new claim?
Penalty for greatly exceeding the speed limit in Virginia
Indemnity to help in another's defense? What does that mean?
What happens to a judgment when one of the parties dies?
Landlord Tenant Law
Identify court that issued a warrant?
Does any host provider currently comply with GDPR?
May I create a Postman collection files converter?
HR and work emails forwarded to private email - can they be used in a court of law?
Has the Volstead Act been repealed?
Does the exact spelling matter when referencing the CC BY-SA licence?
subtenant hasn't signed the sublease, has the key and won't sign or move out
Can data be donated to a non-profit?
Accident with borrowed car -- whose insurance will apply to satisfy legal requirements?
Taking "wild animals" on a plane
How do I reinstate a "lost" birth certificate?
Public school liability for slip and fall injury?
Proper jurisdiction for injunctive relief not involving a monetary claim in Boston
Using a fictional archetypes in speech or writing
USA - Grounds for Treason / Arrests to Prevent a Coup
What expenses can I claim in a small claim court?
Village Sticker
Is signing a document useless if no one checks the signature?
Can companies be held liable for people attempting to imitate advertising stunts?
Ramifications of Child joining a Magic Society, disappearing from parents life
Is it a breach of contract if there are loopholes in the contract?
What the prosecutor need to proof to proof blasphemy case in Ahok case
IP clause contract
does receiving a FAX acknowledgement prove that receiving machine received the FAX?
Where can I get example injunctions for inclusion in a pleading?
Employer underpaid and overpaid me
What does the "submitting" I9 form?
Where can I find barristers' or Solicitor Advocates' documents to courts in England and Wales, ideally online and for free?
Jurors not allowed to talk to each other during the trial?
Are cops allowed to search my car without asking for my ID first?
Why must document remained sealed?
If I am not a lawyer, do I have to include a disclaimer about an attorney-client relationship?
Summoning a judge as a witness to elaborate on an earlier ruling
have ever a trial been appealed for the court system used being considered "unfair"?
Do card/miniature packs (Pokemon, Magic, etc.) or similar fall under gambling laws?
As a dependent of a G4 visa holder, can I work in the USA past the age of 23?
What if an ex spouse violates a new divorce decree?
Computer-animated movie: downloading a dubbed copy from a foreign server: is it copyright infringement
Indiana, USA. How do I legally refuse defendant's request for a later trial date and "limited discovery" in small claims court?
How do non-profit corporations legally pay their CEOs if laws say you can't?
Is taking influence from an Apache licensed software copyright infringment?
Can I keep downloaded Google Play musics even after I cancel my monthly subscription
If a company notifies you that calls may be recorded, can you record the call?
traffic stop, do you have to give id if no crime was commited?
Is it illegal for a consumer to obtain or use a non-FDA approved medical device?
Condo seller failed to disclose water damage which caused toxic mold that made family sick.
Is it legal in India to sedate someone without consent and put them in an ambulance?
Revenge Pornography
Landlord forcing tenant to sign that lease has been fulfilled?
Financial responsibility of payoff of totalled car
Salesperson misquoted price. Do I have to pay back the difference?
Minor purchasing alcohol?
Is it possible to take someone to small claims court while living and working abroad?
If a computer program qualifies as "orphaned technology" can it be recreated and sold legally?
How can I verify that a uniformed cop is a real cop?
Is sharing onlnie a video with copyrighted song in background illegal?
In a contract what is the difference between indemnify and defend?
forged signature passport applications in Victoria, Australia
Sales tax on tourism services resold abroad
Is there a fair use for patents? Should a patent be licensed at a reasonable rate based on use?
Moving into an apartment early as a rent concession
Can someone get married for the sole purpose of invoking spousal immunity?
Accepting a bribe to secure evidence
Is it legal for an individual to raffle a car in Pennsylvania?
Legality surrounding impersonating a Federal Employee
Can a car owner be looked up by registration plate in the event of a theft?
(Canada, BC) Camera Repair Shop taking 3+ months
Can the POTUS be impeached for endangering the security of the state?
Can a contract make it so the client is responsible if they get you to do something illegal?
Apple's magnetic charging port has been patented, but why wasn't a search engine?
Is a state issued ID required to see a doctor with insurance?
Can my wife as a bankrupt's partner ask for trusties costs in bankruptcy to be assessed? And what are those questions to ask?
Protecting self from unknowingly posting copyrighted material
What does "paid endorsement" mean?
Am I allowed to use a students license for my Bachelor Thesis at work?
Did Michael Flynn commit treason?
Social Services - Legal Jurisdiction of Child Abroad
Scope of powers for special counsel?
Time off in Lieu after training?
Copyrighting video games
How to avoid copyright infringement when quoting/sourcing a reference work?
Why would a landlord put the following in a residential rental agreement?
How do I know what I am signing on handheld digital stylus signature devices?
Why is it illegal to drive with only parking lights, even during the day?
Why don't prisoners go through rigorous life transforming training in prisons?
Dispute with overseas logistics company (USA) - how to sue an international company?
Alcohol discounts in VA
user generated content: how to treat potential copyrighted material?
Using the code from a tutorial?
U.S Laws on Cookie Notices on Websites?
Using copyrighted or trademarked names for different ideas in fiction
How would the defendants in the McLibel case have more defenses in the U.S. than in the U.K
Can a medical professional be liable for not completing a procedure as claimed?
When does an offer become criminal blackmail?
Signed a contract with employer stating they own all my IP; they sent an email saying its only for competing products. Should I be worried?
Ending contract without a termination clause
The nature of legislative consent for a merger of a U.S. state with a part of another state
How to exclude somebody from being a guardian in a will?
Copyright Claiming
Multiple choice questions Copyright laws
How long does employer have to pay after job is done?
Can a California (Berkeley) landlord ask for an extra security deposit?
Changing price of item after order has been confirmed
If a landlord donates commercial space to a non-profit entity, can the forgone lease value be deducted from landlord's taxes?
Can I track vehicles that drive around my property's roads?
In the US, if I chose to let someone die purely because I have the right to use my body however I choose, would I be charged with murder?
How to reconcile waiver and liability terms of a contract?
Is employer legally required to accommodate those who do not want to work near sick coworkers?
If a company prices a product erroneously, then (in the US) do they have to sell the product for that price, if someone buys it at that price?
Banning person from a city
What is the 'go' point for organ donation from a registered organ donor?
Why aren't all guilty people charged with perjury
"Guidelines" for juvenile felony in ohio
Difference between protect and defend in a contract?
Can the judiciary "legalize" something?
Can a Corporation Exercise a Fifth-Amendment Right Against Self-Incrimination?
How to get approval to give my book to a friend?
Is it illegal to lie in an interview?
My phone number used to belong to someone in debt, now I'm getting harassed by debt collectors
Where to pay taxes if working remotely and freelancing
Hosting free comics on my website
USA Supreme Court and Congress response
Famous case involving stacking the deck in a standards body
Is there any way to recoup financial damages after spending everything you have on defense and being found innocent?
What are the restrictions for sales to raise revenue for non-profits?
At what stage of production is marijuana illegal?
When must a document be kept confidential?
Is it legal in Finland/EU for employer to claim intellectual property rights for something created outside working hours?
Why is the US allowed to print money?
U.S. Code and the Supremacy Clause
If a judge constructs arguments for the prosecution in judgment is that grounds for appeal?
Can I not consent to a "call may be monitored" call and still record for myself?
Is a gif of a feature film, or a still of a video clip, always fair-use?
Is it illegal in the UK for a supermarket to not disclose all the ingredients in meat produce?
How well can one know the rules in gambling before it's legally fraud?
Noncompete agreement - Esthetician
How did marriage certification deviate away from the older idea of common law marriage?
Libel and the presidency
How is Lyft not infringing on Uber's patent?
So… is prostitution in Canada legal or not?
License Plate Flipper
Using celebrity recording without permission
Do I require a UK casino operating licence to run a promotional tournament on my website?
UK Magistrate's court - appeal against revocation of child performance license
Which court is the correct court to file a suit against a school district issues in Texas?
Why do legal documents often have a place next to the date?
Interpreting an ambiguous definition in an insurance policy
Is there any point in having Force Majeure in a contract?
In UK, can religious institutions discriminate against the sexual orientation of their own clergy?
Under what law are Jews allowed to live in England nowadays?
Will the GDPR apply to small hobby clubs?
Requirement to carry driver's license and registration in Massachusetts
Suing for time and transportation costs
What counts as personal data under GDPR?
Is "republication" a defense against libel?
Did United have the right, under its Contract of Carriage, to remove a boarded passenger?
What are the standard references for reviewing case histories involving lawsuits against school districts in Texas?
Why is the FBI rather than state investigators looking into these judges who take bribes?
Do courts have jurisdiction over online service providers from overseas?
Is it ethical for an attorney to drag his/her feet with clients that aren't creating much financial benefit?
Spices used as self defence
UK — Landlord refused to disclose (in contract) that another tenant is mentally ill and has potential for violence. What are my rights?
UK Consumer Rights - Final Right to Reject Time Limit
Intellectual Property Implicit or Explicit?
Is it legal to show myself holding a fake severed bloodied head of a living person for profit?
What are the standards for binding pleadings? Staples? Paper clips?
Where to find brief for Jaffe vs Roberts
Could "Brutus is an honorable man" be a defamatory statement in the U.K.?
For California divorce default what should the declaration about cohabitation state?
Can I charge a rental company for storage of their equipment if they leave it on my property after the contract has expired?
Lift laws and maintanance in a residential flat
Validity of patent on Merkle Trees
In which contexts can a landlord disclose a prospective tenant's personal information to third parties?
Do online work in the US if you're not a permanent resident
state of Washington early term fee
Are American grandchildren of Portuguese citizens entitled to Portuguese citizenship?
My employer has declined my annual leave request a week before my holiday - is this legal?
Can an apartment release my package without approval, warning, or notification?
Can more recent evidence be considered in an appeal?
Is it legal to develop a commercial player that a proprietary file format?
What are standards of proof that are lower than "preponderance of evidence?"
What duties do U.S. organizations have to monitor foreign affiliates for practices that are illegal in the U.S.?
Result of illegal search, but against another party
Does cashing a check prevent the ability to pursue a company for a related contractual amount?
Is it legal to sell files that were uploaded by the users?
How do we get title for an abandoned vehicle?
Adopted "Sisters" trying to get married
Can the police legally force you to sit in interrogation?
Are hash checksums of licensed software copyrighted?
Possibility for class-action suit due to property overtaxation?
Forum Copyright - TOS Contradicts itself
Is it illegal for my landlord to lie to me?
Is it illegal for my landlord to endanger the life of my emotional support animal?
Can my landlord charge me without advanced notice or evidence?
How do lawyers bill for phone/email requests?
Starting up an internet company that's legally based in Delaware, U.S.A - compliance with local and foreign laws
Why can judges not set aside jury verdicts of acquittal?
Express Warranty on Private Car Purchase
What are legal requirements for privacy policy for a website hosted in the US, used in Europe and with technical cookies only?
Constitutionality of the Copyright Office
Selling an application that scrapes Google, Bing, Yahoo
Is taking our phones on a class trip allowed?
Does a town have to have a justification for a zoning restriction?
How to mitigate the risk of getting sued by clients (web dev contracting)
Is a cease and desist because of a conference talk valid?
Developing a video game set in a real life business. Can I get sued?
Which state's laws determine guidelines for voluntary termination of parental rights?
The Gender Pay Gap and the Equality Act 2010 (UK)
What is the statute surrounding refusal to answer questions in a congressional hearing?
Can FedEx bill the recipient of a package for a "Clearance Entry Fee", without consent?
Can my Ex contact my attorney at will?
Heraldic Law and Jurisdiction of armorial assumption
Is it legal to deliberately misrepresent the US. legal system for your own benefit?
Contacting the opposition
Is it illegal to set up a pretend speed camera or speed camera sign?
Is a spouse's vehicle acquired prior to the marriage considered marital property?
What happens if I accept work contracts in two EU countries at the same time?
Are there limits on unreasonable claims by an attorney?
Can the title/subject of my self-published novella get me sued?
Selling artwork containing famous quotes
If a good samaritan was partially impared but still the most capable of providing aid does he risk legal reprecussion in doing it?
Could a juror research legal or scientific information online to assist him in rendering his verdict?
Would someone face any repercussion for declaring they will vote guilty if made a juror?
Is it legal to record someone who explicitly tells you not to?
Does Canada have a less litigious culture than the United States?
Clean Hands doctrine and Plausible Deniability
Does the President of the USA execute prosecutorial discretion?
What if a juror admits to having disregarded a judge's faulty instructions?
How to handle questionable legal correspondence not intended for me?
Couldn't Comey avoid the whole kerfuffle with a simple question?
Is calling for "Bastille Day" on a forum illegal?
Married to someone who's not american for 7 years without registration. Will I get charged of bigamy if I married somebody else later?
A contract has a penalty depending on choices made by unrelated 3rd party
Are awards ever subsequently revised based on new developments, other than divorce cases?
Is it legal to sell hardware that downloads non-commercial software?
To comply with GDPR, do I need passwords hashed?
What happens to a permissive counterclaim after the original claim is dismissed?
Is it legal to "shoot down" a drone on your property in the US?
How long does it take to evict a tenant in Georgia for not paying rent?
Contract: one party changes the terms after the other has become dependent on deal
Laws regarding fictitious public figures or celebrities/likenesses/etc.?
Can I relinquish all liability, or have all liability relinquished prior to a possible offense?
Would fair use apply to the usage of Pac-Man within a QR code?
If a lawyer is a juror and he accurately explains a legal concept to fellow jurrors is he violating his ethical responsibilities?
How would the court handle a situation where evidence could be provided that presents minor justification but would take extensive time to present
Kicked out of doctors office for refusing to allow them to take pictures. is this legal?
Legality of reading others direct messages
Is it possible for a tenant to sue a land lord for harm caused by mold
Legality of using Business name for copyright notice on website?
Statutory Rape: Which State's Laws Apply?
How broad can a copyright be in case of a graphical representation of a physical object
Would it be against the law/human rights for the government to monitor all mosques? (UK Law)
Can a court order supersede the U.S. Constitution?
Illegal to pay attorney more if acquittal is obtained?
Can a jury always convict on a lesser included charge?
Paid in Bitcoin - Company can't deliver and wants to return money in other currency
Has the First Amendment been held to include the right to film jurors?
Why are Brazil and Quebec excluded from Google's CTF competition?
HOA and trampoline safety net
Freedom of speech and terms of use of social networks, are TOS allowed to violate FOS?
What allows song lyrics to be used as titles in someone else's work?
If the damages from a lawsuit force the defendant into bankruptcy, are they forgiven?
Am I experiencing an anti-trust violation?
how intellectual property can be protected while it is undisclosed?
Does creating a wrapper library infringe copyright?
Protecting oneself from NDA and other forms
Can a jury find a defendant guilty on a charge for which the defendant was not arraigned?
Is it illegal to smoke marijuana, or be caught with it, or both?
Fastest Way to become a US Citizen
What are standard statements when presenting a contract
Is stating preference for women or people of color on Twitter for a job listing discrimination?
Car Seat Placement
Defective puppy from a state without a Puppy Lemon Law?
Nomenclature for two UK Parliament Acts in the same year
Can someone contract to waive their renter/dwelling rights?
What is the justification for discouraging juries from failing to reach a verdict?
Is it illegal to start a fake crowdfunding page in the UK?
Can Bangladeshi Lawyer practice in UK?
Question Regarding Depositions
Criminal liability for neglecting to stop a suicide in the Netherlands
Why are Congressional Democrats suing the president? Isn't prosecution its own job?
Is it unethical for a prosecutor not to try his hardest to get an indictment?
Can casinos take player losses while avoiding payouts of winning by claiming "malfunction?"
Why did Judge William H. Leery III refuse to have Jeronimo Yanez's testimony re-read to the jury?
Is it legal to share partial song lyrics?
Income tax: Developer working from home office for foreign company
Do single-party binding pledges exist in common-law jurisdictions?
Who owns a company if equity hasn't been allocated?
Source of permission/license to use song on a cruise ship?
Why was this man not charged with this offence that it seems he has committed?
Is it illegal to possess a counterfeit national ID card without actually using it?
Michigan - Local coffee shop adding sales tax on a wrapped food item they didn't make or prepare
How does the CC ShareAlike provision affect dictionaries/data sources?
Can federal prosecutors go against the Justice Department's interpretation of the law?
Is a booking a contract (QLD Australia)
Twitter/Youtube video downloader app
Does a speeder have the right of way?
Is it illegal to make a website for watching dramas?
Do speeding tickets constitute crimes to the federal DHS?
Does showing an image as part of a presentation fall within the domain of copyright?
How is getting foreign investors to support your bank fraud? (Barclays)
Admissibility of screenshots of personal accounts on company computers
Why would a police force hold off on charging someone? Can they do this?
Do all the roommates have to be on a rental lease in Virginia, USA?
Is there a time limit for airline's responses to compensation requests?
What are legal requirements for issuing Post Nominal Letters
Comcast gave my social security number to a collection agency.
Changing California residency status for school
Does a landlord owe you rent back if amenities on the lease are not available? (Florida, Broward County)
Saving web articles in own database
Can I sell my study guide?
What is the meaning of "revenue release" in a software package description? legal implications?
Can I use facebook,twitter,linkedin,github icons in my app?
Can a business charge for the time it takes the business to cancel a service?
Can my COA's Board of Directors amend the bylaws citing Texas Business Organizations Code 22.102(c)
Can schools legally withhold transcripts of a student that violates the honor code?
Who is responsible for getting the tree removed?
How do community websites and forums defend against copyright claims?
Why major social networks collect age but do not display it
Does the EU "2-year guarantee" apply to security vulnerabilities?
How do staggered terms work when there is no record?
Restrictions of private tow companies in Arizona regarding holding the vehicle for payment
NDA information in the newspaper
Contract jurisdiction? - UK client purchasing from Spain
For movies and tv series why is it okay to make a false advertisement by saying "This is a true story" when it is actually not?
When is making and selling "snake oil" illegal?
Social Media Content Rights
Should I keep calling my court appointed attorney?
Is it necessary to audibly announce a copyright notice when using music licensed under Creative Commons Attribution?
What is the anatomy of a small claims case?
Michigan Renting - Can I Refuse Entry for Showing?
Who are the "inferior officers" of the federal government?
Advocating for Russian presidential candidates
Is it legal to make a stock trade on non-public information that was obtained legally?
Could a president sue a person for defamation during their time in office?
Would it be by US law a discrimination to limit a job offer by IQ?
What are the rules surrounding the communication of religious rites via voice amplification in England?
What is the resulting status of a sculpture using CC BY-SA works?
Selling someone a life estate in a house
Can StackExchange restrict access to its content?
Business and Customer Responsibilities for Terms of Contract
If I ran a question-and-answer website in the US with absolutely no moderation, what legal trouble can I get into?
Moved out, but name still on electric bill - can we request payment from remaining tenants?
Where is "Act of Parliament" defined
What happens if I forge a customer's signature?
Is an e-bike without pedals considered a bike? (in Europe)
Would this be considered as Theft under the UK's jurisdiction?
Tenant-Landlord Breach of Contract
Dog was attacked, owner gave false info. What to do?
What rights do I have to the software I created partially on company time?
If all the money that comes in and out of my account are by means of cheques and credit cards, can I still commit money laundering?
What to do with tenant applications once a lease is signed. I'm talking about the applications of the people who not selected
Why did the US Supreme Court hear this case?
What would happen to Hobby Lobby under Medicare For All?
Can my neighbor, the Fire Department, put up a fence/gate on our shared property line and then deny my use of that gate?
EU fines Google $2.7B, based on which laws?
Freelance writer's article with biography completely signed away?
Missing attachment in work contract. Should I sign anyway?
What is the minimum amount I can sue for breach of contract?
Could a derived work of CC-NC data be licensed allowing commercial use?
What can I do about wiggly tables at the coffee shop
What do you sue for in a breach of warranty case when no other repair is available?
Make check payble to contractor or contractor's firm?
Can an un-copyrighted app be paid on Play Store
Can I excuse my self from all IP rights and say everything belongs to my partner, since my employer "owns all my IP"
SIL OFL License v1.1 and Embedding Icon Fonts in Software Binaries
Protecting intellectual property
Can I embed Liberation fonts in a piece of non-free software?
If a home is burglarized, and police obtain the stolen goods via civil asset forfeiture, are they required to return them?
Why was the NHS able to prevent Charlie Gard's parents from taking their child to the US?
Jurisdiction and Unauthorized Practice of Law
Incorporating after receiving kickstarter funds
Insurer charging both parties an excess
Are the fonts that come with Ubuntu free for personal and commercial use?
What are the limits of a stage name?
Could I be sued for a similar-sounding domain name?
How low is the bar for "legitimate government interest"?
Preparing for Citation to Discover Assets (Creditor)
How do U.S. lawyers meet file retention standards?
Equity compensation for a foreign worker
Collections from a dissolved entity in Florida
What can people do to be legally protected while licensing digital products over the internet?
Why was Charles Manson convicted of murder?
In Alabama, USA can someone 18 years old get on a plane without parents permission?
Constitutional autonomy of the state university
Apple prohibited using an apple image?
Do officers need to go to court to obtain a warrant?
Can someone explain what Japanese law says about my medication?
GDPR - Offshoring
How can an archive claim copyright on very old documents under English law?
Can a utility force a new owner to pay previous owner's debts?
Could something like CyberBunker be legally ran in the US?
Certificate that person is living with a dead man, is there any analogue in US?
Who can claim copyrights on Machine Learning models?
non-compete clause in Canada
When and how, after being arrested, can a person hire their own attorney?
Consequences for nurse who helps baby leave with parents against court order
Is a fishing license required on a private pond?
What is the minimum and maximum penalty for Murder in the US?
Will remarriage affect alimony and child support in this circumstance?
Does the state have the legal right to limit city legislation?
Can I use Youtube Free Audio Library music in my online video editor?
Did CNN blackmail a private citizen?
How to enforce the terms of a warranty when the company won't acknowledge complaints?
Outside Activity Disclusure Form of an incorporated contractor
What might be the chances of piercing the corporate veil for owning an LLC in a community property state with my spouse?
Is recreational marijuana actually legal in states that voted it to be legal?
Can having a company in the same industry with the similar names but different continents cause problems?
How does self-defense apply to bodyguards?
Company is being shady about giving me a refund
Can I legally recreate public Japanese buildings in a 3D game?
Police reporting the crimes of police
Why was the 'hiccup girl' on trial for murder and not accessory
Expired Punishment
Is the NSA liable for not reporting a security vulnerability?
Can I use a 3rd party logo for personal use?
Does releasing a work into the public domain disclaim any warrants?
Legality of scraping data off of various public directory sources to create a new website based on it
Clarification of Appeal Procedure
Data Protection - Data removal request
Early Drivers License Issued For Child With Disabled Parents
Have there ever been any thought crimes?
what can I do after being scammed
Is the real estate contract still enforceable if ZERO Earnest Money Deposit is placed in Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement?
How can a restaurant, Old Homestead Steakhouse, continue their false claims of selling Kobe beef?
I am working with a colleague to create a game. We agreed to split profits 50/50. Would creating a contract promising 50% be legal?
What constitutes gross misconduct for teachers in the UK?
Process to make a copyrighted book freely available
Do I need to register as a Money Service Business for a cryptocurrency trading platform?
Are people allowed to use photos for commercial products that contain a logo?
What happens to struck-down laws when the decision(s) that killed them are reversed?
Advice on second-hand smoking in apartment building (USA)
Do I need to add the option to disable cookies or is just informational popup sufficient?
Small car accident, lack of evidence
What would this VA bill have done?
Under ADA, are size or weight disabilities?
Is it legal to use the sounds of Google Translator to use them on my own website?
Where or how to check if you Google Play app is breaking the legal terms
Simple Definition of CapEx and OpEx for Software Development
Tools of the trade, software implications
Judge Judy specific retaliation: technically ethical?
Is a B2B blacklist legal
Bar Exam Question: Easements
Can Australian government departments use ISP meta data for general analytics
If I do not password protect my phone, do I forfeit reasonable expectation of privacy?
Is it legal to deny a priest a job because he's atheist
Legality of using a phone for GPS in Oregon
Is it legal for a software company to have more than one CTO?
Mail Question Advice sought
Licensing software opensource but keeping reputation as the creator
What is considered "too similar" in copyright? Game Development Specific
Can I deny access to a jointly-owned property to protect my own property?
How could the NYT obtain emails?
Explanation of "habeas corpus"
Is an engagement letter the same as an approximate quote?
What are the consequences of failing to pay a citation for expired vehicle registration in Washington?
Contradictions in the Constitution regarding property rights?
Use of public DNS servers for private DDOS stress test
Is there any way I could sue ezpass?
Does LLC protect from personal lawsuit
What can you legally do when merchant promises a perpetual service for a fixed fee, but doesn't deliver?
Justice Court Audio Rcordings
NDA for Take Home Challenge
Do non-EU international speeding offences count lawfully for UK insurance declarations?
Is copying from How to Draw books copyright infringement?
instagram API platform policy
Getting my student loan wiped
At what point would a piece of educational software become classed as gambling software?
Is it legal to rewrite a book written in 16th century English in modern American English?
can I be extradited to Manchester if I am from Manitoba, Canada and commit a crime in Manchester?
What percentages of the dispute value are typical in deals?
Can a company withdraw their decision without compensation?
Google Translate Voice/Speech used in an app
Is it illegal to upload a movie on facebook and allow only one friend to see it
What is proper written notice under the Ontario Residential Tenancies Act?
Who is rightful owner of Gmail personal email account?
A computer "virus" that only spreads (no payloads) - Is it illegal?
Is it legal for an HOA to require information on an owner's guests?
What happens to the third-person in a copyright-infringement?
Does indemnity insurance (for a house) become void if a 3rd party is told about it?
Is Running an Amplified DNS Attack on a Consenting Person Legal?
Apostille document for from non-apostille countries
Google deleted my developer account without warning or much explanation. What can I do?
Transfer malice and intoxication defense?
Is the killing of human being less punishable than that of a cow in India because of British Common Law?
3 Months Probation extended for another 3 months but new contract states that no previous employment counts as part of continuous period of employment
Copyright with circular referrals
UK: What constitutes reasonable consent for not allowing tenants to keep a pet?
Refund after robbery in a bank
Why are lynching and mob-justice so popular in India?
How to protect an idea when you don't own the brand or the process? (UK)
Do most people who take the stand at a trial not tell "the whole truth"?
Usage of Disney character names
Can a company charge two different prices for the same product at the same time?
Why hasn't civil asset forfeiture been ruled unconstitutional?
To what extent can a person use Wizards of the Coast's D&D monster information?
Is it legal to use services of a foreign recruiter in the US?
Me and my friends got kicked out of a movie theater without seeing the movie and didn't get a refund
Emote icon copyright or intellectual property
Can I get user submissions on a website and ask that user to post it on my website?
Can I print t-shirts with logos of foreign national parks and sell the shirts online?
Marijuana use by an employee, if it is completely legal in the particular country/state
Is there a legal prohibition on aircraft cabin crew serving as witnesses?
Does Congress have the authority to grant citizenship to an individual?
Who owns the copyright on a Siri recording?
Is it illegal to wear a mask while on a public sidewalk in Florida?
Can the original copyright holder issue DMCA takedown requests on infringements of second-order derivative works?
VAT in B2B transactions between two EU countries
Consequences of "Not to be sold separately"
Does having medical marjuana card override non-smoking?
Legality of a raw DVD backup
Who owns the copyright on a Polly recording?
Is there a legal recourse against an attorney who doesn't return unused portion of retainer back to client?
Asbestos found in home after closing - any rectification?
Hypothetically walking the line between pornography and prostitution
Will a US bank share any detail about immigration status of a customer?
Is it legal and what are liabilities for a freelancer/contractor to be responsible for employees and equipment?
Civil Prosecution for theft
how can civilan security personel do their jobs without risk of being guilty of assult or related crimes?
Can use of a pre-emptive pardon also be illegal obstruction of justice?
Is plaintiff responsibility to 'mitigate their damages' a law?
Is loss of time a damage? - Tort Law
Any obligation to return an accidental second payout?
What's the point of a subpoena if you can just invoke the fifth amendment?
Verbal Agreement vs Written Agreement
Why Doesn't The President Just Make Laws?
Can a landlord confiscate and charge me for removal of my bbq?
Panama Papers Scandal: Is a salary "withdrawn?"
Is there a better state for men divorce?
How to establish first use in commerce?
Power of Attorney - Unique scenario where have it over mother but not father who has been deemed incompetent
Authenticate an email
Does failure to mention mean exemption in taxation
Is performance of a copyrighted written music copyright infringement?
America's Cup boat model
Monopoly on Internet acces
Application to a new job requires applicant to solve a programing problem, what about intellectual property?
Diplomatic immunity and criminal acts
According to GDPR Article 30, do I maintain a continuous record or just a one-off?
Would Siri making a doctor's appointment breach phone recording laws?
Copyrighting a website
Do I Owe the Apartment Admin Fee if I don't Sign the Lease
Use original trial witness testimony against witness in new trial?
Quit claim deeds Michigan
How does Australian law consider a marriage in which one person has subsequently transitioned?
Developing/publishing software before and after date of hire
What exactly does it mean that Polygamy is illegal in Canada?
When does ownership get transferred in a store?
Developing software from others research
Municipal judge says arguments without merit are not allowed in New trial ordered after appeal
What does "as of" date include?
Why was my digitized signature rejected?
Can I write a Visual Basic Interpreter?
Juvenile Curfew violating the first amendment?
Can a lawyer purposefully be argumentative and immediately withdraw a line of questioning?
Difference between 364 and 366 days sentence
Hypothetical Complex Litigation appeal and discovery
What legal consequences could an employee face who sabotages a company website?
Job offer withdrawal because of non-compete
In technology contractor employment law what does "lump sum" mean?
Is a local regulation preventing the operation of a UAV legal?
Guaranteeing One Month worth of Rent
Can an employer withhold a relocation repayment from an employee's last paycheck?
Taking over liabilities/debt without consent
Any liability for receiving mail for elder parents
caused accident in company car - do I need a lawyer?
Where can one find authoritative answers and explanations of traffic laws?
Declaring being in non-receipt of post (UK)
Can my business be liable if I'm sued personally?
Child Custody : Cases supporting Father as primary care giver or shared care and control
Is a profit à prendre identical to "mineral rights", or is there some difference?
Recouping initial investment to form a nonprofit
In a Title IX investigation, does the Coordinator have an obligation to email me questions regarding the investigation?
Imaginary potential murder situation
Do portfolio projects count as 'commercial use'
How can "intellectual property rights" prevent the publication of fire safety information?
Is it legal for a US Secretary to fund/defund projects based on political payback?
Rent-a-Room scheme in house with self-contained part
What is the origin of this legal quote?
What are the legal ramifications of associating a pen name or pseudonym with an image?
Can an employer legally require a female employee to wear a bra? (USA)
Canada contract law on warranties
Can I use the name of a character used by a video game for novel
Can I claim asylum after I land in New Zealand with visit visa?
What rights does Tim Berners Lee have to the World Wide Web?
Copyright on methodology from published book
Is this a legitimate Title IX investigation or is this an abuse of power by the Title IX coordinator?
Can one be held liable for provoking a DDOS attack?
Can the President issue an implicit blanket pardon for specific offenses?
Is it legal to record video in my own dorm room?
UK gun licenses prior to Firearms Amendment Act 1988
Is 7 days unpaid training legally right for a 17yr old?
UK: if you are being recorded by a business why don't you have a reciprocal right to record them at the same time?
Medical right to privacy- HIPAA
Trademarks replicate - America's Cup boat model
Do I still have full custody of my child?
Is this a proper Bluebook citation for a Court of Federal Claims case?
Is it legally acceptable to make a videogame adaptation of a gameshow?
Why does there appear to be a difference between depicting vehicles in games vs. in movies?
Charlie Gard versus Christopher Kerner
Timely filing motions
Is it legal to publish others' private health data?
discovery serving parties dismissed
When a PI is conducting surveillance, why is audio enhancement considered wiretapping
I'm being discriminated against by my roommate, can I legally do anything about it?
Preserving appeal process
Sham contest- does this work in practice?
Hosting 3rd party videos on my own website
Can a spouse buy separate property in a community property state?
Are there any situations where SCOTUS is required as first step?
Supplemental Jurisdiction
Contradictory rulings by two circuit courts?
"due process" hearing concerning returning to work after medical leave
Using Google Maps tile layers: Violation to Google ToS?
what prevents defence lawyer from colluding with plaintiff
Requiring customers to keep contact information updated?
Is it legal for an employer to ask for SIN number over email?
Special provisions in the will of a divorced parent
Examples of date interpretation in NDA
Consulting with two attorneys regarding the same matter
I was locked out of my company. Should I register a trademark and sue for infringement?
Mitigating software license incompatibility
Move money from Germany to Spain
Is there a law in the UK that makes possession of specific publications illegal?
Can UK citizens claim common law rights in a UK court, and what would happen if they did?
Can one be in ADA compliance "on demand"?
How do I file a certificate of service when making a money claim online?
discovery serving parties dismissed II
Do (any) US State Governors have legal authority to preemptively pardon persons of a state crime?
Is it legal to use counterfeit money as defense against burglars and robbers?
Can a auto finance company refuse to give me a copy of my contract or balance details?
Can my landlord charge an early release fee if it's not listed on my lease?
Can my landlord enter without notice weeks after a maintenance request?
Paid to write software, contract not signed. Who owns the software?
Can my landlord (who recently bought the property) change the terms of breaking a month to month lease?
Timing of disclaimers for an inheritance vs. an interest in a trust? (USA)
Is there any jurisdiction, in which one can adopt an adult person?
IN ARIZONA is there a time limit for a police officer to file a complaint or ticket they have written you
Will getting court order and being evicted get a criminal record, therefore making future job endeavors problematic?
Can a company be defined as the Data Controller?
Social Media and CC Licensing on copyrighted names or images
Family trust but probate (informal or formal?) needed
Am I breaching any laws/policies for publicly posting customer service interactions?
Exploiting online video games illegal, a tort, or allowable under the law?
Would it be libel if published information was "leaked" by third parties?
What is purpose of a lawyer "lawyering up?"
Startup making me pay legal costs of my vested options, is that legal?
Reverse engineering for security research
Can I use a Disney character name as a nickname for one of my staff members in an interview video?
Is there a defence of persecution by law?
What constitutes "using a website" in Canada?
Is it illegal to make a Twitter bot that replies to every person mentioning a particular brand? (non-threatening)
Assignment of all Intellectual Property on an Employment Contract
Legality regarding Medals of Honor in motion pictures/television series
Signing over intellectual property rights in Ontario
Fence with no signs in Germany
Generalized anxiety disorder and child custody
Company name abbreviation matches UGG
Amended Pleading and Previous Attachments
Is this a Title IX violation and if so, to whom can I complain to?
Is whistleblowing on a violation of union contracts illegal, even if t's done by a union non-member?
Lost Income due to Work Injury
When, if ever, do you need license to read (and only read) copyrighted material in the USA?
Update: Our neighbor's fence is on our property and they want adverse possession
Reporting cyberstalking
Told by police that I'm being detained. No probable cause or statute/law given. Am I free to leave?
Are there laws requiring the release of PII to participate in wall climbing in Utah?
Canadian witness/suspect in an American crime
When does a trademark become enforceable?
What legal protections does one have against being blackmailed for sex?
If I use the Deposit Protection Service-provided Alternative Dispute Resolution, is there any danger of legal fees or legal consequences?
Would "Puff Daddy" sue if I call my social media thing "Puff"?
Can a cop give a ticket if he's going the other direction?
Does adding a non-committal verb bypass defamation/libel?
some aspects of the Steven Avery case
How to enable a business to accept construction contracts?
Deportation at port of entry in the US
How absolute is the advice, 'never talk to the police'?
I was late to file a report in auto accident
Do I have the right to terminate a lease without penalty because I was a victim of domestic assault, and the assaulter is also on the lease?
Extensive Renovations during 60 days notice
Is it legal to use the university's softwares for a personal work made to be published and maybe profited from?
Michelle Carter the person who urged a man to commit suicide sentenced to 2.5 years in prison. Is this constitutional?
How to validate an employee's expense receipt for an Uber ride
Is there a reason not to use liability insurance?
Can a grand jury indict a person without identifying them beforehand?
Can you leave children in a car while you pay for fuel in Australia
Does Reading View violate website terms of service?
What happens if Congress blocks funding for a President's military order?
Is a Hacking EULA legal?
What is your liability in case the terms of software license are mis-stated?
Can we freely delete our questions and answers?
Serving to a P.O. Box in Ontario
Is the drafter of a contract that knowingly incorporated the terms of the offer in an inconsistent manner liable for damages?
Legal Binding on a Game Based Companion
Canada–United States Boundary Commission – Treaty of 1925
Copyright implications of creating transcripts?
Confiscation of cellphones in public schools
Whether to sign a lease agreement that is poorly worded/too broad if landlord will not change it?
Can I use the name of a TV serial / movie for my novel
validity of passports after stamped deported
A license which only grants private use
Can a company legally block access to their public servers for a specific program?
Can a shortened name be used in legal documents in the UK?
Full ownership split between two legal entities
Could one become stateless by first renouncing one's native citizenship, and then having one's naturalization revoked?
Copyright Status of IP After Retroactive Move to Public Domain by Content Hoster
Cell phone with zero usage sent to collections agency
What types of recourse do I have against people who contact my employers about thing I have of Facebook?
Company hasn't paid me in weeks. Retaliation Concerns of contacting labor board?
Are there laws or rules for how to protest in the US?
Renting - property with no gas, heating, hot water - is it justifiable to request period of free rent?
Can I release all my copyrighted works into the public domain upon my death?
How long does money have to be possessed by a company for it to be considered theft?
Is it against German law to oppose the existence of the state of Israel?
Warrantless entry and search with restricted PAL?
Is a teacher allowed to talk the press about a former high school student?
What would be the consequence of unpaid debt to a French company to a British person?
Why are mercenaries illegal but military servicemen serving voluntarily are not?
Charging for time spent before an agreement was signed
Is the use of a community currency instead of the official legal tender a tax evasion?
Drug-testing on background
Can my landlord impose a fee that I did not agree to?
Threat of fines in excess of allowable law, PA State Constitution, and US Constitution
What are the consquences of the Martin Act?
What types of recourse do I have against people who pursue me on social media with the intent of making my professional life difficult?
Is it legal to mug someone for keys if they refuse to let you leave their locked house?
Can the original author of a WTFPL Project be sued for patent infringement?
Is it legal for a restaurant to not accept cash?
Buyers have changed closing dates multiple times, costing us nearly $5000 in additional costs -- what can we do?
Employer tuition assistance clawback upon resignation
How is discrimination by an employer litigated in the United Stats?
Copyright for re-scored tune that was out of copyright
Will a site get into trouble if it's users use it's resources for unethical/unhealthy things on the internet?
FOIA request and Commercial use - Sales Tax info
Inheritance or gift
Buyers missed closing date due to delay in the sale of a contengency property -- What happens to the deposit?
Is it legal to use scientific personality tests like MMPI or IPIP on a website with ads?
Car Sold Without Title Transfer, Tickets Fined to Titled Owner
Seating in a restaurant: discrimination?
can you limit what an employer can disclose about you
WhatsAPI Use for iOS App - legal/illegal ? & Specific boundaries?
Who owns copyright for program created during an unpaid research position
Can creed be used as a protected philosophical, but not religious belief, to prevent firing?
Rental discrimination because of family status?
Trade Marks Act 1999: How to respond to objection as per Section 9(1) (b)
Kinder Surprise eggs: sent seperately?
How to parse this clause?
Landlord breach of contract, deposit refund
Practical difference between physical custody and visitation?
Does a law require the Chief Justice to administer the president's oath?
Under which country's jurisdiction does a website fall?
What exactly would count as copyright infringement in a replication paper?
US Office of Biometric Identity Management: statutory and regulatory authority?
Screenshot of Text messages in court
Last day to give notice for UK Assured Shorthold Tenancy (AST)
Who prosecutes a crime if it's impossible to tell which state the crime took place in?
If I've been prosecuted for a crime by another country can the US prosecute me for the same crime afterwards?
I will have problems if I name my app like an existing company?
Can someone get protection under Double Jeopardy for a crime by arranging to be put on trial with fake evidence that is then disproven?
Can a private business require a doctors note from a customer?
What does "carte" mean in this context?
What is the upper boundary for using a copyrighted character under fair use?
Can a founder use bylaws to prevent being fired by the board
Meaning: 'set up the breach of warranty in diminution or extinction of the price'
Does altering a photo allow someone to use it without infringing upon copyright laws?
Can I take legal action if an airline fails to provide vegetarian meals on flights?
Can you collect lottery winnings if you live in a state that does not participate?
Is my non-compete valid, if leaving my company would make the company non-viable?
What "meritless patent litigation" has Facebook been victim too that the BSD + Patents license would prevent?
Can I lien a public building in the U.S. or how to collect on a judgment against a public entity?
Age and timezones
Can restaurants call cops on customers who leave fake "Jesus money" as tip?
Can a minor request a copy of a contract parents signed on their behalf?
Could a foreign power remove an Australian member of federal parliament by declaring them a citizen?
What does this indemnification clause mean?
can I submit a new insurance claim on roof damage after unpaid claim unrepaired
Village Sticker / Ordinance Clarification
Does Nixon derailing Vietnam peace negotiations in the run up to the 1968 elections constitute treason?
Real estate agent tort
How to handle Traffic Court ignoring basic rights
As a startup, Should we avoid using React (reflecting on the BSD + patents license)
Is there a copyright on that content?
Potential and comparatively minor second defendant in UK - name as party or join later?
What part of the constitution makes the US federal agency "Food and Drug Administration" legal?
Copyright for unauthored articles in The Economist
Do the laws of mathematics apply in Australia?
What protects civilians from police corruption and lying if there isn't any video evidence?
Copyright infringement for using a movie poster at a non-commercial conference?
What kind of lawyer should I seek to understand compliance requirements for processing credit cards?
Managing member can not speak for their LLC in court?
How is parental authority, as opposed to physical custody or visitation, enforced under the Hague Convention (28)?
Can an adult distribute pornography made when they themselves were underage?
What is the difference between Common Law and Civil Law in the U.S.?
Interpretation of "enrollment date"
How can a 3D Artist know that his model is being sold some where else?
Maryland Landlord Lease Being Void
The inner law "overrules" law of a country
Contract Law: Company gets Aquired
Origins and legal terminology for the distinct classes of crimes such as Theft and Rape
Legal issues with a company called Elon selling 'musk' cologne
latin expressions in jurisprudence
Does this Job Posting Violate Any Laws Enforced By The EEOC? (U.S.)
Face prosecution under Spotify’s terms & conditions?
Obtaining public records in Canada
EU consumer protection and failed update
Sharing rent information
What type of 3 lane roadway is being described in 625 ILCS 5/11-709
Can DNA on drugs be used as evidence even if the drugs weren't in anyone's possession at the time it was found? (Canada)
How to dismiss (an improperly filed) motion? Objection or a Motion Prior?
After being pardoned, can one be forced to testify in civil and criminal cases?
Are lawsuit depositions public record?
Is failure to disclose the bullying and offensive Tenancy In Common president basis to annul the real estate sale?
Can a text message be legally binding?
Using Copyrighted Material in Class Lectures or Projects
What is the legal definition of "constituent"?
Why was Joe Arpaio not given a jury trial?
Does an Oregon car rental agent have to explain what insurance I am accepting/waiving
Is it illegal to take home a lost phone?
Covering up a non-essential part of a license plate
Recieved bill for traffic tickets that I paid years ago
Ambiguous numbers in contract: which will be deemed to be valid (if so)?
Music samples for market research surveys
Copyright infringement question, photography of public art
Can companies use user data for App Store marketing screenshots?
How can I integrate open source licenses, such as MIT, into my own open source project when my code is unlicensed?
Exposing to the public video streaming content
Register tech startup as a legal business
Can I refuse to upload my personal ID and picture into a website that my boss wants me to book a reservation in?
References to unknown ordinance (Ord. 271, 6/8/1992)
In the United States, if there were no speed limit on the loop, how fast would you go? At what speed would you get ticketed?
Can 5th amendment protection be successfully employed to block discovery of a document?
Can an executor (personal representative) name a successor executor? (Utah)
Does transferring ownership of an LLC void contracts?
Is it legal to promise to pay out money to uninformed third parties?
Are tenants responsible for cleaning patio upon move-out in Washington State?
Verifying LEO status online
What is the argument for the constitutional illegality of a religious travel ban?
Song files for public performance
Can I be sued for unintentional patent infringement?
Do certain US notaries have to identify a person taking some types of oaths?
Mailing bot illegal? [Social Experiment]
Are screenshots of malware eligible for copyright protection?
Why does the Australian constitution differentiate "Original States" from other states?
Can a tenant be held liable if they have shown intention to rent but pull out before signing a contract? (UK)
Do any laws exist which protect a mother without shorterm disability from losing her job due to leave for pregnancy complications?
What did I agree to in this Non-Compete/Non-Solicitation?
Is it possible to be released on parole only after serving 1/3 of jail time without admitting the crime and the prejudice not being recovered?
Video recording when your neighbours are creating nuisance?
Can a business impose a minimum amout for credit card payment without notice?
Who is responsible for complying with COPPA?
What liability might be incurred for exposing truth in private matters
Can the state of New York arrest and/or prosecute President Trump during a time when Trump is still president?
What classes of positions does the term "Law enforcement officer" include?
Can I use the Olympic logo in a card within my board game?
Help to understand AST notice period (Assured Shorthold Tenancy Agreement)
Asset purchaser's liability for the target's contracts
Is there a whitelist of video game developer companies which are friendly with fan works?
Can the POTUS really pardon via tweet? If so, what would one actually look like?
What makes a 'good' piece of legislation, and what are considered good examples?
Not getting refund of my money from JobsInDubai.com
Does selling certificates from Let's Encrypt violate their ToS?
Can I legally deny the President of the United States entry into my home?
Do police have a more extensive file on a person than can be obtained from the DMV?
Legal Object in a Contract
Can you be arrested for something you say while bound by a confidentiality agreement?
Would deinstitutionalising marriage violate the UDHR?
Is my understanding of the purpose of a License correct?
Cop arrests nurse despite fully knowing that she had done nothing wrong. Will a personal lawsuit against the cop be likely to win?
Commercial usage of governmental or university data (USDA)
Constitutionality of a provision of the Northwest Ordinance of 1787, as amended in 1789
Can I have a patent by discovering new application of a chemical compound
Copyrights on Facebook postings
Is a business license needed for an online business, with incorporation in one state and ownership residence of another?
Car broke down within 30 days of purchase. Recourse?
Who owns a video recording of a sporting event?
Can an internet provider replace content of websites if the end user is aware of it?
In the USA, how is a war officially ended from a legal standpoint?
What options are available after sentencing, when attorney-client privilege is broken at a sentencing hearing?
Why are there three truth parts to an oath?
Legality and liability of writing medical software by someone who is not a health care practitioner
Can "evidence of registration" be a "certificate of registration"?
Can you be held accountable for copyright infringement due to a mistake by a third party?
In the United States, what constitutes illegal "doxing"?
Improper use of work references by landlord
Can identification be confirmed over a mobile application, for alcohol consumption
If someone commits an Internet crime using your Wi-Fi, how can you legally prove it wasn't you?
May one attack an offender during an extended smash and grab attempt
Providing services to only nationals (eu country)
Statutory interpretation by regulation: effect of regulatory repeal?
Naming App After Copyrighted Game Characters
What are the implications of a company being "not in good standing?"
Legal issues working multiple part-time tech jobs at the same time - CA, United States
Should I copyright my original code before registering the current version?
In Germany, can an Individual press charges against a Newspaper for Libel?
Politically charged emails sent to entire University
India/Japan: Validity of Indian Notarised Agreement in Japan
Catherine Middleton topless pictures ruling - why €100k in damages?
Who is responsible for copyright infringement on P2P distributed systems?
Ticket Seller's Liability
Is it legal to grope an unconscious person in Virginia?
What legal action for auto shop cheating me?
Appodeal Terms of Service
Is it rape if someone goes by a pseudonym and gave fake facts about themselves?
Employer drug testing as an immigrant USA
Liability for paying for medical treatment not agreed upon
Notarization in the absence of parties
Can arrival/departure stamps on an expired passport be used in court to prove someone wasn't in the country?
In the United States, is one legally obligated to display vehicle registration in a parking lot?
How many lines of text in all currently active federal laws of US?
Is it legal use parody products for commercial purposes?
When can a civilian refuse to assist a police officer?
GDPR: Citizens with Dual Nationality?
how sensitive data can be shared between companies?
Hosting One time pad of copyrighted material
How can I prove that content existed on the Internet?
What are legal obligations towards the spouse and children while going through the divorce?
Can I use real life brand names in a computer game?
How does Seth MacFarlane get away with defamatory commentary?
Could Laura Ashley Co. prevent me from giving that name to my fictitious heroine in the U.S.?
If an app doesn't have a licence, can anyone use it in anyway?
International sexting: how often is sexting overseas prosecuted? (Please read details)
Legality of mass email situation
Any protections or precautions for discussing a patent idea with my spouse if she has IP clauses in her employment contract?
Should you really not state emotions, in a complaint?
Can a criminal defence lawyer talk about the possible guilt of other suspects when defending their client?
Ohio Dissolution Paperwork Language about Bankruptcy
What is a "rock" under UNCLOS?
Can president of the united states pardon himself if convicted of treason or some other wrong doing
Is it legal to sign up for EBay/PayPal account in fictitious name?
My friend's dog attacked my car on their property. Who will be responsible for damages?
Can a landlord/property change my unit after approval?
took down the server while one is away
Oops, our new apartment has bugs!
Is it possible to get an out of state "failure to appear" for a felony case dismissed,if you are homeless?
Are you eligible for FMLA leave if the event occurred while you were not eligible?
Are UK NHS prescriptions covered by sale of goods act (or equivalent)?
Confidentiality in employer/employee relations - defaults in US law?
Sole trader / business for app/game development
Is a social media bot/user script illegal?
Can different rates be charged for the same individual performing multiple labor categories?
Question regarding offer letter
Verification of a contract
How Can I Become A U.S. Patent Attorney?
What meant Lord Mansfield by 'form', 'turn parties around upon frivolous objections', and 'ruin'?
Booked a shooting (pictures) in Miami - my trip was canceled
Is there an Implied Law in Texas when you make a purchase?
What gives the right to public schools to confiscate your phone?
Website harrassing for payment for a trip I did not book.
In Houston, Texas, do you need a DBA if you only conduct business in the LLC's name?
What damages could one claim in a data breach, if the data was not subsequently used fraudulently?
Is it legal for a school to ask students to scan their signature and send it?
Can hotlinking of internet content be considered generally legal?
Conveyancer sent details of different property
When did religious public schools become illegal?
Have wives ever been legally a man's property in the US?
Are data processors allowed to locally store live customer information for testing GDPR
Fair use: is legality of use determined separately from legality of source?
Movie to a book and copyright
Can I start work whilst still being employed by another company?
Is it illegal to send mail through the US Postal Service with a missing or fake return address?
Is it kosher to leave your primary doctor a small bonus in your will
Is it legal to have someone dispose of garbage for you?
Is an accompanied minor child who illegally enters the USA breaking the law?
DMCA and First Amendment: When can a commentator be compelled to reveal their method of content acquisition?
How to legally upload copyrighted material to a server?
Shared Parenting - How intoxicated does a parent have to be to deny visitation?
Product design liability
Why did Judge Bazile issue a ruling on the Loving case years after the case was closed and appeal deadlines had passed?
Is it possible to sue a UK based company from the US regarding debt collection?
How do I find out how much fundraisers have to given to the cause?
What are the limits on categorising someone's statements as 'hatred' in regard to freedom of speech?
Soliciting a bribe when both the parties are at the same "level"
injunction & Affidavit
Government compensation
Could I sue for a popular vote?
Where can I find a lawyer for victims of cyberstalking?
GDPR - Right to erasure - Conflicting laws
Who is accountable for underage drinking when the alcohol is easily accessed by the public? (United Kingdom)
UK - ex landlord asking to pay for repaint
Replica of the product - what can I do, What can not
UK - Is there a legal limit to the profit margin of an item or service?
Requesting policy verbatim from rental manager requiring 3 forms of ID
When a contractor develops a program based on clients specifications, who owns the rights?
Is it breaking and entering to open an unlocked for-sale car at a closed car dealership?
France: Is it illegal to take videos of the police?
How broad are Texas' stalking laws now?
Given SCOTUS precedent, how do I legal counter specifically religious solicitation? (USA)
Conservatorships assigned to person with no property?
What is the speed limit with only one sign?
Is being a masked vigilante who fights crime legal?
Responsibility for causing damage to someone else's car when there is no collision
Intellectual Property of creating an app version of a board game
Can a law protect itself?
Do I have a right to an inventory as a new tenant in a student let?
Is deadly self defense in Germany legal?
High value domain taken by registrar
Can a person legally search for work, or other resources to facilitate future immigration, while visiting under the Visa Waiver Program?
What does this no waiver clause mean?
Does applying for a Diversity Visa make one ineligible for other visas?
Is it legal to buy a vulnerability without using it against users?
Software Developer in a Startup Company
termination of autorenewal contract for business to business
Registered Agent for Service of Process for California Corporations?
Examples of shareholder derivative lawsuits where shareholders prevailed ( USA/EU/Canada)
Paying royalties without purchasing a publication
Are NBA players ,who sign 10 day short term contracts, classified as employees or independent contractors?
Can I compare my product to another brands similar product on my website?
Address search at work not related to work
What are the implications of the USA not having an official language?
Why doesn't caffeine come with a drowsiness warning?
Any recourse to landlord wanting very early renewal?
Concerned about the copyright assignment agreement I signed
AND Logic: recovery of rental property
Does Death terminate a lease in Florida?
GDPR Legislation and user invites by email
Are there any legal limitations to using IP based authorisation so that only users from client premises can have access to cloud?
Do I have a right to get my son vaccinated against his mother's wishes?
The nature of burglary
Why are occupants (tenants) required to be on leases?
Is selling a product at a different price per country discrimination (and thus illegal)?
What problems would a celebrity releasing software patchers cause from a legal standpoint?
Is the stock ticker symbol protected from copying?
Expired tag sweep in a private apartment parking lot in Florida
What would be the fastest way to sue someone in a traffic accident? Post Accident Legal Strategies
Do British Overseas Territories count as United Kingdom with regards to 90 days rule when applying for British citizenship?
Choosing Domain Name and Avoiding Lawsuit?
What happens if governing law clause specifies a state but not country?
Do I have the right to protect my personal property ?
Classifieds site's responsibility for user content
Are public monuments like the Elizabeth Tower and the Eiffel Tower copyrighted?
Where are the exceptions to the definition of tenancy?
What should a contract contain if a person signing isn't person contract is between, but authorized by them?
Changes to contract after one party signs
Living in flat without contract
Difference between copyright, patent and trademark
Can persons holding dual/multiple citizenship obtain multiple social security incomes?
Can California counties make their own traffic laws?
Tenant at Sufferance
What constitutes "doing business in a jurisdiction?"
Do any UK laws dictate how a person's title shall be determined on their passport?
Does Trump's Sept. 2017 travel ban violate the 1965 immigration act?
Why should I use a lawyer to form a single person LLC in California?
Is it legal to record a conversation in Massachusetts?
Software copyrights - can i use screen name instead of real name?
Are NFL athletes employees of their teams?
Should I use first-person (I) or second-person (you) for ToS consent?
Why don't Nordic countries have codes of private law?
Is an employer legally required to allow an employee to work remotely if a precedent has been set?
Buying a condo with no condition and end up finding problems in the status certificate
Is it legal to link or embed somebody else's content if I give credit?
Is it legal to copy website design?
Ex-housemate cancelling NHS appointments (United Kingdom)
Is it legal for an apartment manager to give my personal info to a renter without my permission
What is the council's legal obligation to provide hot water?
Commercial use of a tutorial with CC-BY-NC-SA license
NOTICE TO DEFENDANTS ABS-CBN Corporation, et al. v. Cinesilip.net, et al
Who owns the copyright on a Watson recording?
Liability. Drug use
Which country's employment law is applied in 100% remote work
Can I use logos from vendors in my open-source project?
German Rental Contract error. Can landlord back charge 18months?
Not enough time to oppose a motion
Apartment requires that I consent to them using images of myself on social media
What is an affidavit for a court case?
Inmates and inheritances
Must a partnership agreement contain 754 provisions in order to make a 754 election?
Rights for live performances
admissible or not
Contract change after both parties sign
Do judges in Massachusetts always have original jurisdiction even in "trials by jury"?
Throwing away ex-spouse's mail
What is the fundamental meaning of a right?
Should I have been told my rental property has previously been broken into? (UK)
Is a "waiver to legal advice" valid?
Child attained legal age, do the parents still hold any rights to medical documents from childhood?
Is it trademark infringement if you put the word 'not' in front?
Can shipping companies be held liable for consequential damages?
Is it illegal to claim an address as your "primary residence" if you don't live there most of the time?
How to determine the marital status of a UK Citizen?
Does musical satire really require permission from the copyright holder?
Liability for mesothelioma
Searching license to allow commercial use but not selling
Does a parent have any heightened duty of care to a grown child?
How do I (politely) get contractual agreement from my neighbor to let me attach my fence to theirs?
What is a Power Of Attorney
Is prohibiting proxies and VPN in terms and conditions of a website legal?
Are gender identity and sexual orientation federally protected?
request for production on whom
USA: export tree nuts to Sri Lanka
Warrants and statements under oath
Is printing a softcopy of an extremely old book/document/research article illegal?
When is imputed income not reasonable?
Client threatening me with patent
What is jurisdiction for a patent?
Can a school be sued for getting rid of spring break? (Is scheduling classes on Passover or other religious holidays discrimination?)
What exactly is the distinction between copyright and patent?
Name after Disney movie
What does it mean for O.J. Simpson to be found "liable for their deaths"?
France: is it the same copyright principle?
Do I need to pay the real estate agency if the contract was signed after I moved in?
Facebook disabled my account; can I legally force them to restore it?
Can statutory rape charges be dismissed if the minor is now of age?
Can I claim copyright on public data that I have compiled into a database?
Does federal regulation actually require unions to represent non-dues paying employees?
Marrying a family member so they can become a British Citizen
Are companies in the United Kingdom entitled to make data subject access requests?
carrying a plastic toy sword in public in Austin, TX
Can I Rent My USDA Mortgaged Home Out?
Liability for spouse's actions in the US
Is it possible to declare a large underground area as a sovereign principality or any form of independent state?
Do I have to pay sales tax in Utah for freelance programming?
Can a vendor sue me if I decide to choose another known vendor?
What is an american crime?
Would it be illegal to sell a drone defense system to a nation under an arms embargo?
Consequences of contradicting one's sworn testimony in separate cases?
(UK) Holiday entitlement during first 3 months aka. "probation period"
Multiple duplication of CDs I own
Can President Trump shoot off the nukes whenever he wants to, even for no reason?
How copyright laws apply for commonly public things?
Legal Action against Landlord?
Is it illegal to post a music mix containing professional artists' songs?
When are computer viruses illegal?
Can residential/custodial parent change our kids health insurance unilaterally?
Employer forcing everyone to sign new contract which significantly affects working hours
What are some possible law suits or civil actions the Las Vegas shooting victims could take?
What conventions or traditions concern translation of legal abbreviations?
What is considered appropriate dress for a magisterial district court?
Does filing for bankruptcy preclude pursuing all other legal proceedings?
Legal consequences for crime in a non-extradition/hostile country?
What are the benefits of trademarking a logo along with a name?
Am I infringing on copyright?
Using OFL SIL font to logo
Rear Ended someone who was ticketed for not having a valid license?
Why is there an apparent legal bias against digital services?
If I do a program in C # with the SharpDevelop........?
Can behaviour of a witness in a witness box affect the outcome of the proceedings?
Is a contract between persons A and B legal if a previous contract between person B and C states that B shall not make such a conract?
Chain of Custody
Is the estate I administer entitled to money after foreclosure of a destroyed house?
Under what circumstances can a low/midlevel employee be personally sued for a corporate act?
Can a person legally convert to any religion including very minor religions in India or disavow all religion?
Is it legal to add functionality to a paid aggregator web application through browser extensions?
Co-Owned Property Rights
What is the difference between a "broad" and "narrow" arbitration agreement?
What level of fiduciary duty does a corporation have to convertible note holders?
What can I do if someone forges letters in my name?
Is it legally binding to have a racist clause in a software license?
question about abusive landlord
Can I write (and sell) a non-fiction technical book based on other(s) book(s)?
What is it called when a practice has been made illegal but people continue to "honor" it anyway?
Can the city of Charlottesville, VA ban a group from assembling in the town because of religious or political views?
Is a journalist who uses sex to get information considered a prostitute?
What happens when a state statute is declared unconstitutional by a federal court?
Can the Whanganui river be prosecuted for corporate manslaughter?
If someone has left their residence for a few days, due to fear of the homeowner, can they get a restraining order against the homeowner and return?
English name for Brazilian 'conduct adjustment agreement'
Do my wife and I need to update our marriage certificate if she changed her name 3 years after we married?
exemptions of federal employment for Schedule A disabled applicants
Is it legal to swear at school?
Does a school syllabus trump state law?
To what extent can mental illness create a defence or mitigation against liability in a civil case?
Are parents responsible for libel committed by their children?
"Designated Survivor" scenario: What if a President is sworn in and someone earlier in succession resurfaces?
What happens if I don't pay a speeding ticket from New Mexico?
Is a renter of a room in France required by law to provide a proof of residence?
Paying back relocation money and resignation
Why is court approval necessary to liquidate?
How should defendant respond to summons with endorsed complaint in NY (CPLR)
Sentiment Analysis on Persons, Companies, Things
Product names on commercial designs?
Should I write my full name on license files?
How much authority does Department of Justice has over sexual harassment cases inside a private company?
Correct Bluebook Citation for unpublished U.S. Supreme Court denial of writ of certiorari
What is the term for the contentious/non-contentious property of a lawyer?
Is the interpretation of Double Jeopardy realistic in the movie Fracture?
Pokemon Artwork download copyright question
Does this section of my NDA state that my company could take legal action against me if I were compelled to testify against them?
If I law in one of those countries which has banned burkas ,or attempting to do so, can I not wear anything that covers my face?
Must the State compensate individuals from whom property is seized as evidence?
What to do if a Company terminates your contract before 1 week of joining date?
How are social networks regarded in the United States (public vs. private space)?
Why would a Canadian Crown Prosecutor continue with a proceeding with no evidence?
Taking and publishing photographs of military vessels in EU
How does a pro se defendant subpoena digital evidence for the defense?
Is it legal to record a video browsing a website and commenting on that?
Accidentally hit someone's car with a branch, made minor dent, unable to pay damages, what can he do to me?
What rights do employees have about receiving personal packages at work?
Estate Trust and Obligations to Inform Beneficiaries
When an EU directive is repealed, what happens to member state law?
To whom does the German 'Impressumspflicht' apply?
Can the broker-agent of a landlord be construed as party to a leasing contract? [NY]
Who I have to pay if I make Game/Music/Movie about monkey king (journey to the west)?
guest with tourette's syndrome and noise complaints [Ontario, Canada]
Historical Patterns as Evidence
When amending a complaint to include an additional party, is the new party's name included in the title page?
Is it illegal to own DNA?
Does repudiation by one party in a contract allow the other to also repudiate?
Reproducing sheet music as artwork
What legal action could be taken against me if I kill the alternate myself from other reality?
Should an employee be made to pay for mandatory training in the uk?
Does the Limitation Act 1980 apply to criminal acts before 1980?
Can a plaintiff sue a party that would be foreseeably be impleaded by defendant
Term for Criminal Investigation + Law
Changing the look of payment options on a Website? Identity-Guidelines
To what extent can a trust be used to safeguard your assets against alimony
Image scraping from public profiles
Am I allowed to break my lease if my landlord is stalking me?
Age of Consent Laws: can a person get prosecuted for a false accusation without evidence? (Read details, hypothetical example)
Why don't YouTube take legal actions on YouTube downloader sites/applications?
Is it breaking the law if I break into on my own postbox without damaging it?
GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) - crypto-shredding or regular delete?
Is sexual assault a type of assault?
What defines whether a movie is considered standalone or ensemble in regards to character copyrights?
Can I be sued for warning of a potential crowdfunding scam?
Animal Right Case
Scope of Creative Commons "Ownership"
What legal action can be taken to stop someone placing rubbish in my mailbox?
Can language in a settlement agreement have affect on taxes for a personal injury lawsuit?
Employer Paying Less Than Agreed
Can I write a computer program based on a theory in a borrowed book?
Am I legally allowed to use logos that I create using online logo making software for clients?
Can a political party name be trademarked in the United Kingdom?
Depositing first page of Version of Record in institution repository
Courtroom rules of order
Fraud causes of action without reliance
Comedian takes down meltdown video
How is the jurisdiction of inter-state age of consent laws determined in the US?
How hard is it to change a condo association name in Washington DC?
Is 36 U.S. Code § 301 relating to the National Anthem a law or a suggestion?
Can my parent consent to allow my school to search me?
What can I do if someone does not pay as decided by court order?
Can logical fallacies used in courtroom arguments be challenged?
Customizing a Creative Customs License
Is citing public domain materials as such a legal requirement in the U.S.?
Writing a license agreement for my stock footage - where do I start?
Company delaying paying death benefits: How long is reasonable to wait?
Is a photo that is in the public domain in US also in the public domain in other countries?
Can an employer force an employee to donate to a charity?
Stolen passport and loan is taken or company opened who is liable for fraud?
Does an insurance agent have a "Duty of Care"?
Are companies required to send me an acknowledgement of phone call?
Who would be responsible for the child's death in this short story?
Notary refused to notarize letter written in foreign language
Do public schools have the authority to fine parents money for being late?
Under British law if first copyright belongs to a company, does it expire and if so, when?
Subcontractor being refused payment
Legality of using trademarked text on a T-Shirt
What should I have in writing to say that I'm giving someone an auto loan?
Universities - Public Area or Private Area in U.S.?
Could a company legally have an anonymous staff and/or board?
Title VII of 1991
13 y/o Sexual Harassment -- What will happen?
Landlord lost 60 day Notice
Can non-US citizens challenge US border entry refusal?
If I'm the director of photography for a project, does the production company need a model release from me if I film myself in the project?
What does "purported exercise of power" mean?
Does this description warrant the tort of deceit?
Defendant compensation after not guilty verdict
What are the needs/benefits to have a lawyer to refinance a mortgage?
Are Canadian provinces and territories administrative divisions, and what is an "adminstrative division"?
Unauthorized access to bank account
Copy the design of Fortune 500 Website to promote your software
What is the status of using mens rea as a defense in this manner in Canada or similar jurisdictions?
Can a contract remain in effect after it is terminated?
Self incrimination during medical examination
Is it legal to give non cash tips to waiters and other servers and what are the consequences in terms of taxes?
Does an organization that recieves public funds have to abide by the constitution like a government does?
What Constitutes a "Genuine Mistaken Belief" in Law?
What makes a document translation "court certified" in Massachusetts?
Are police legally required to stop a crime they see being committed?
copyright of teaching (in video) learned coding techniques
Contractor - incomplete, ineffective and a mess left with a huge bill
What are the intellectual property rules regarding painting a real/fictitious person?
What can I do to someone falsely accusing me
Patent Disclosure?
Copyright issues - Cover song on online platforms
Ohio duty to report (2921.22) : Does it apply to victims?
How and how long does a person have to cure or "true" a misrepresentation?
Can I decline an offer I have already signed?
Am I legally obligated to return a lost iPhone I found?
Intimidating driver on rural road
Does U.S.C Title 18 Section 2512 apply to "wireless auditing tools?"
Making a paid app using Youtube API
Legal considerations when choosing a mobile app name
My name was not included in an US patent but I am the main inventor. What process I should initiate so that my name is included as an Inventor?
Getting property removed from my land
Converting the image format of logos
Private Servers
What rights do second lienholders have in foreclosure actions by primary lienholder?
Defamation, Slander, and Infowars
Can an owner ban a person from a property when a contract is in place?
Can I extend my FMLA while I am currently on FMLA leave?
Can I safely ignore the requirement to delete an electronic review copy on fair use grounds?
What's the point in specifying that "fights are verbally agreed"?
Is it possible for Bangladesh to fully adopt British laws?
Temporary Tenancy Agreement Until Estates are Settled
What's the point of prohibiting leading questions when unfavorable answers can result in witness being declared hostile?
Can I charge fees for teaching songs I do not own?
Greek Mythology symbols and their fair use
Can I use a photo of a person on my website about their fraudulent practices?
I'm 16 years old and I want to move in with my 18 year old SO, am I allowed to decide this for myself? What can my parents do against this?
Is it legal to track users of pirated software?
If making software for a client, is a EULA necessary even after signing a contract with them?
Removal of an Attorney General
Is a partially-visible California Proposition 65 Label "Clear and Reasonable"?
Do I need to hire attorney? What next steps for me on this case?
Are Lawyers allowed to file a court date for a federal case after they have been terminated?
Can a software developer/company be held liable for illegal acts done with their software?
Defendant compensation for job salary
Regarding the introduction of a controversial idea as a business plan
Is an attorney allowed to refuse a detailed bill requested by the client?
Attorney Client Privilege Document
What's the meaning of "damages" of copyright infringement under a copyleft license?
Is there a comprehensive list of licenses on the web?
When a new state is admitted into the U.S.A., when can the president appoint federal officers to serve within that state?
Can't a state in India challenge the Parliament in court?
Certificate of Service
What Are Mooted Motions
Is Citizen-Based Taxation Constitutional?
Are leases with the US National Forest Service public information?
Do S-Corps and C-Corps both end their business names in "Corp"?
Uploading code of php course to github
Formal language for victims in criminal cases
EU data locality
Canceling an "email" contract
Does it violate any federal or state discriminatory laws if prospect employer bases their offer on person's current salary?
How can a country take action against patent/copyright violations?
Legal implications of selling language learning lessons plans based on copyrighted popular songs?
In a marriage, can one spouse just run away and declare this a "separation"?
If you transfer all IP rights to client, can you still reuse parts of source code?
Forced to present ID to Police in the United States
Can you refuse to show ID and give information to Border Patrol agents when not at a international border?
How do we claim the estate of someone who died under a different name in a different country?
I don't like the payment methods offered by my landlord. Do I still have to pay rent?
Can I use my personal Photoshop subscriber license for a commercial purpose? (Germany)
Are there legal grounds for seeking pre-emptory dismissal of retaliatory law suits?
If I own an online gambling site but I make no money, is that legal?
Have the CDC and NIH ever been sued for lack of attention to African American and Native American mortality?
Can the recipient of a digital message legally publish the message?
What is involved (other than financial + evidence aspects) in bringing a private prosecution in the UK?
Under English law, if someone's lawyer sends you a letter "not for publication" is it a tort to publish it?
How can spouse transfer title to car in Oklahoma?
If I include in an animation a scene derivative from someone's photograph, would it be copyright infringement?
In Pennsylvania, if both men are drunk and oral sex is performed, not once but twice, is a verdict of indeviate sexual assault proper?
Contract after Conversion
Sell parcel to beneficiary of deed of trust
Criminal act between borders
Is there a difference: "two-sided" vs "bilateral"?
Can ASCII representations of copyrighted images be considered transformative work and fall under fair use?
California's Leonard Law - to what extent does it apply at religious schools
Can one person be charged for producing the (inherently dangerous and possibly contraband) murder tool used by someone else?
Deadly force allowed during a forcible felony in Florida?
Liability from unsecured wireless hotspot for security testing
What happens when court orders issued by different countries contradict each other?
Has somebody gotten major prison sentences in the US for simply deserting their post?
Is it illegal to download professional stock footage and edit out watermarks for commercial use?
Isn't the distinction between trial judges' oral vs. written decision specious?
Use of Microsoft Trademark in Product Name
Charity registration requirements for on-line fundraising
Can a seller/producer control future sales of a product?
Dissolve a corporation as a minor stakeholder in New York
Is investigative intimidation illegal?
Are variations of the I(heart)NY logo public domain?
Is it possible to become a lawyer if you have a criminal record?
KYC (Know Your Customer) Verification Between Two Businesses
Patent infringement
How can I ensure ownership of a custom font someone makes for me?
What is a difference between Pro Se and Pro Per?
Is it legal for an employer to ask a potential hire about his foreign citizenships?
Is it rape to have sex with a man without disclosing that one is a male-to-female transgender?
trademark with digit - likelihood of confusion
Realtor broke contract without notifying
Notice of termination of lease after a very short time, when the contract does not allow it
Can I take legal action for an unpaid balance without a signed contract?
Are lawyers allowed to keep charging money after termination?
Is there reliable intellectual property protection in overtly international markets?
Algorithm (pseudo)code in academic papers -- what is the copyright/license status?
illegally aquired information in Sweden
Is it illegal to continue using oAuth tokens after a user asks to remove them?
Declaring pending criminal prosecutions in a different country for home insurance purposes in the UK
Distributing a free iOS app to Iranian users
Convicted Felon - Touching a gun?
Is "The World is Yours" copyrighted?
Can an alternative medicine practitioner be held legally responsible for a patient's death?
Inheriting an HOA
Does Deep Packet Inspection violate privacy laws?
Is port scanning illegal?
Is it piracy to obtain software you purchased in an alternate way?
What field of law would I specialize in for cases dealing with technology?
What legal authority does a lifeguard have?
Sue the government for damages caused by retaliation over non compliance?
Are the limitations on freedom of contract in common law countries unbreakable?
How can federal law require seating for disabled people in a city train?
When is renunciation of citizenship effective from?
What happens to a license if the licensor sells the rights?
How can sites like https://www.brandwatch.com/ crawl instagram legally?
Is it legal to crawl a brands Instagram image and products and tag their products onto their images?
Why do "loot-crate" mechanics in video games not fall under gambling laws?
What does it mean to "pirate" a game, app, or other digital resource?
GDPR vs. Credit Card Chargebacks
What is the legal term for the plea where the defendant admits the action but denies wrongdoing?
What are the circuits of law?
In Florida, do you need to physically hand over your licence to Police?
Can my teacher require minors to apply for a quote to complete an assignment?
What comes first: the arrest, or the charge(s)?
Can I make a privacy policy on my own for free?
Who has the burden of proof in a defamation case, plaintiff or defendant?
How should I prepare in terms of dress and language to testify at a bail hearing?
Wrong name used on bank account
Does a prosecutor have any legal resource to avoid aplying a law which is unconstitutional?
Is it legal to create a non-profit organization-style for-profit organization in the US?
What ways are there to put pressure on the assurance delaying payments of death benefits?
My hard drive data was lost during a software upgrade; can I sue?
What limits are there to the powers of individual judges in the United States legal system?
Does an attorney in Germany have to prosecute own relatives
Interpretation of this Purpose clause in an NDA
What is 'Direct' about Direct Examination? Why was it chosen?
What is 'Cross' about Cross-Examination? Why was it chosen?
Why'd a plaintiff sue in 1. the firms's name or 2. all partners' names, instead of always 3. suing in 1 and 2?
How can a sole employee allege 1. 'not acting in the course of employment' and 2. 'acting without real or apparent authority'?
Flashcards of Japanese animation, copyright
What might've spurred the demand of repeating facts in the Plaintiff's Claim, instead of referencing their paragraphs?
Should 'lie' ever be used in a legal context?
If costs are always awarded to the party who offers settlement, then how'd the offering party've failed to specify costs?
Cost of preparing pleadings: Disbursement vs Fees
Is it against the EU freedom of movement for Italy refuse entry to an EU citizen with only an ID card flying from outside the EU/EFTA?
Can I use a notarized copy's photocopy? In British common law?
What prevents tourists visiting the U.S. from buying firearms?
ISC vs MIT vs Simplified FreeBSD: what is the difference between these licenses?
Property prices of new build in the UK
Is this legal use of force in the UK?
Is it legal to carry any kind of weapon in the UK?
Are sellers expected to pay for formerly working Furnace after purchase?
civil liability insurance in the UK (for an individual)
Is this a legal use of force in the U.K.?
Expired concealed weapons license in Florida
What could be the legal consequences of the "street justice" beating of a person by another?
Lawful possession and transport of a firearm without a permit on foot in Florida?
Is it legal to take full pay for partial service?
In Québec, are restaurants legally required to provide free potable water upon request?
How can I legally protect my website from users who upload copyrighted material?
Is Ryanair doing anything illegal by purposely allocating separate seats?
Why do small nominal amounts of money appear for specific things in large contracts?
Traveling abroad with high end cryptography devices and software
Under what circumstances can a subpoena be issued?
Are there international treaties preventing states from taxing property transfers out of it?
Does home rental agreement last after death of owner
Can congressional leaders "expel" elected members of Congress?
How are old allegations handled?
If I obfuscate someone else's source code, can I avoid copyright infringement?
are excluded to the fullest extent permissible by law
Do economic sanctions prevent repaying debts?
Congressional History and Legislative Intent of Statute 18 U.S.C.1832
Firearm restriction while open carrying in Florida
Is it illegal to backup your hard drive if you have copyrighted software on it?
Law in USA the limits Medicare Part B premiums?
Is my wife required to attend a deposition?
A violation of Florida Statute 790.15
Is it illegal to download abandoned apps no longer sold on Google Play Store?
Can someone who owns property on the border prevent/delay government related construction?
Can I be liable for damages for wrong advice I give on a Stack Exchange site?
Evidence found during police search of incorrect address listed on search warrant
Does pointing a gun at someone constitute attempted murder?
Is it illegal to play a cover song?
What is Admiralty law?
How to tell if an agreement is a contract?
What does limited or unlimited mean in a license?
Misdelivered merchandise -- can you legally (if not morally) keep it?
SLA liability in case client break some law
Is it legal to use digital copy if physical copy is broken/lost
Adding markers/colors in an IOS app that is using apple maps violates the license?
Can I build something for personal use if it is patented?
Is it legal to pretend to be under a certain age to catch pedophiles
Using "Educational Use" to circumvent copy-protection?
What are the health and safety laws surrounding a building owned by a charity?
What happens when a president is part of a mafia that violates the law in other countries?
Health Insurance Usage for Employers
Can a person outside the US, who is affected by a product in a US class action, join the class case?
Do licenses for source code have an affect on object code/end product?
Refusing to cooperate with Police
How do you go about conducting business internationally?
Constitutionality of neighborhood lockdowns and road blocks
definition of personal data collection related to privacy policy
Can a landlord be charged with trespass for entering a property without permission?
UK District Councillor Nepotism over Planning Application
Private license and Apache License Version 2.0 in one commercial product?
Can a mail-forwarding service be used as the registered agent for an MN non-profit?
Will I be liable for injuries to someone else resulting from defending myself in a confrontation?
How would you know if the court should apply foreign or local law?
Definition of automatic firearms in the US
Ex wife moving out the country with my daughters
How does "limitation of action" work?
Does a ToS make sense for an artist?
Required to have a fishing license if homeless?
Why is the bond for a $500 fraud identical to that for a more than $20 000 fraud?
Does the 2013 HIPAA Omnibus apply to employees of subcontractors?
What are the ramifications of a copyright holder publicly stating they will not sue an infringer on that right?
Usage of the US President's likeness without his consent
Am I Explaining Implied Consent Correctly?
What are the legal aspects around distribution of a new work based on public domain work but in a new medium?
Does this district bylaw prohibit staff talking with the press about the school buildings themselves?
Order of precedence in cases where more than one nation has an interest?
When parties settle without going to court, what prevents from suing for same thing?
Lying on FATCA form
What, Legally, Justifies Eminent Domain?
What are general rules for appropriated logos (Whether you are selling them as a design, or using them for marketing)?
Can I assign a 2nd copyright to my employer
Possible and likely court actions in case of non-payment of child support.
Please explain Linehan I factors to a lay person
Actual years of life time imprisonment
MIT licence: can my application be uploaded in the iOS App Store?
How can a US agency refuse to accept certain US banknotes?
Is there a proper way to include explanatory text in a constitution?
Has this patent been granted or only filed?
Could self-checkouts sell alcohol without human approval?
Can getting medical marijuana prescribed prevent you from owning or buying a firearm?
What are the responsabilities about cited text after original licensor confesses illegal license?
Any way to remove Ajit Pai as F.C.C. chairman and ensure "Net Neutrality"?
Destroying the TSA's equipment
What should an asylee do when a Green Card comes NOT "1 year backdated"?
Are public facilities required to adhere to the Flag Code as defined in Title 4, Chapter 1 of the United States Code?
Does a rental car contract violation equate car theft?
Are NDA's that include illegal activity legally binding?
Are there laws restricting who can go into "employees only" areas?
Can this be considered as a case of fraud?
How does pressing charges for slander work?
What are some laws about limiting the number of foreigners in a country?
Could Puerto Rico become part of a US state?
Can you avoid military service in the Ukraine when you are studying at an university?
Non real currency gambling website
How to determine if statutory interpretation in a court opinion dictum or holding?
Is it copyright infringement if I make a work of art that has already been made before?
GPL License guide
Will net neutrality require me as an ISP to actively throttle my own users?
EU regulation for medical device communication encryption
Is it ethical or legal for journalist to request info from school district staff against their own rules?
Friend had a right of way accident in a parking lot entrance
In what situations is it a crime to provide an [EDIT: Image of possibly non-existent] fake or altered US gov't ID in digital form to a company
Is there a difference between the legal meaning of the term "ordonnance" and "statutory instrument"?
Parental rights and other legal implication of a marriage of convenience for a lesbian couple in MD
Would the end of "net neutrality" legally allow individual ISPs to block access to/censor sites and services?
Can anyone issue a bill regarding damage identified in your former appartment?
(UK) Ex-employer didn't pay out my holiday in-lieu and then flew to Pakistan and stopped replying
Legal standards for seizing a house to satisfy a civil judgement
Is it criminal to take evasive actions to avoid paying a civil judgment?
What does it mean for an appeal to be "contested"?
Want to learn more about arbitration - recommend books?
Should I be taxed on electricity in Florida as a private resident?
Open source idea closely related to product at work
Was not given notice of court date, checked months later and had a bench warrant
What if someone transfers his/her asset to someone?
Can I count unique users without a cookie warning?
Can you take back a gift?
Would I be liable for any illegal traffic that comes through my VPN?
Is it legal to ask users to pay for exporting their data?
Can one avoid paying US income tax by being paid in Bitcoin?
Does the Consumer Rights Act 2015 cover damaged goods?
Refund when resident dies in assisted living - with particular contract terms
Are partner notification laws in conflict with HIPAA?
Legal aspects of using trademarks for sponsorship in free computer games
Differences between Detinue, Conversion, and Trespass to Chattel in U.S. law
Legal remedies if a lower court ignores stare decisis?
Can non-consentually recorded conversations be used as evidence?
Legal Baltimore Knives
Do I inherit some portion of property if there's no will?
Can someone legally withhold showing their arms to a school counselor?
When Can I report my Social Security Card as Lost or Stolen? (My Situation in Body)
Can I publish a DJ mix that uses Creative Commons-licenced music with the No Derivative parameter?
Is it legal to operate a vehicle without a license in the purpose of traveling
Under what circumstances does trading as a sole trader qualify as full-time employment pursuant to the Social Security Act 1991?
What is the correct way of communicating with the Family Court in the UK?
Annoying neighbor abusing insurance claims
Can app manufacturers collect and store minors' data?
Browse all Trademark images as an image return
Ex-employer has not released my 401K fund
In the USA, do parents have the right to control their children's possessions?
How strong would a cable company's case be against Google for allowing users to find illegal streams through search?
Legal requirements for video game accessibility in the USA
Do Singapore authorities have any leverage on a Canadian who is currently residing in South Africa?
Paying Kindergarten for the kid of my wife
What Intellectual Property rights apply to the output of a machine learning algorithm?
How can one register a trademark for a mobile app name without a lawyer?
Wrong industry code, is it legal?
Can a company forbid an employee to exercise his common law right to self defence?
Can you trademark a phrase consisting of common words?
How is "use" of software typically meant in EULAs?
Constraints on the scope of a civil action?
How can a country imprison people without violating UDHR article 3?
How much of a song's audio can I include in teaching materials without copyright violation?
Does it make sense to suing a foreign company who fired you with no fair cause?
When do I need to guard against falsehoods from someone else's attorney?
What is the motivation behind the "rules for coordination of benefits"?
What are the possible punitive actions that Michael Flynn faces as he pleads guilty to one charge of lying to the FBI?
How do you search for the status of current legal proceedings?
Is there recourse for damages due to merchant reselling item after taking payment but before delivery?
Can Congress dissolve the other branches?
When is copyright infringement committed?
Was it double homicide?
Are the individual terms of a contract copyrighted?
Why can some states choose to reject the Attractive Nuisance Doctrine?
Is Running Tor software legal in Europe?
Is award of attorney fees and legal costs in U.S. deterministic?
Naive approach to aggregating all US Federal Laws?
Flying leap from Walsh to Morse
Ch 13 Bankruptcy: What happens if you owe too much to repay in 5 years
Can I publish a conceptual logo for a real company in a portfolio?
Connecticut, USA: Spousal right to use vehicle purchased before marriage?
Someone has a video of me doing drugs. Is there legal protection against its release?
Are Two People Considered a Single Person When Married
Can I lable a product, "product of" the country where it was bottled
Can a police officer make an arrest while working undercover?
UK: What are my rights if i'm woken by construction work, or roadworks at night?
Under these circumstances, can a company be sued for the actions of an employee?
Dealing with a Hacker
Are silver dollars legal tender?
How hard is it to modify a standing order not to take child out of state?
Copyright question: citing publications in Youtube videos
Delaware : Legal Notice by email
settling an estate when named party is missing
Copyright: Is it legal to create real objects based on fiction?
Can one sell allowed product and "give" unallowed product for free?
What is considered sufficient evidence to prove the usage of unlicenced software?
Claiming intellectual property theft with no contract?
To share a summary of a book, and put my name on it, is illegal?
Is it against HIPAA law for a high school to keep records of a mental health survey administered to all students?
Clothing brand shown in videos for an app
Is re-charging Jose Ines Garcia Zarate compliant with the "Petite" policy?
Is evidence from a vigilante 'sting' operation accepted in UK courts?
Why can you use the font “Helvetica” for free in LaTeX although it would otherwise be required to pay a fee?
What is the law regarding left-turns at four way stops?
Reproducing game art in various forms for personal use and/or selling to friends
Who owns the intellectual property that I complete outside of work?
What crime has someone committed if they "kill" someone who is already dead?
How does the U.S. legal system control for definitional changes?
GDPR + git history
Can a library forbid me to make copies of un-copyrighted material?
Employer Requires Employees to pay Cash Gift to Owners
Litigation Asset protection: Should I hold equity in my home or rental property?
Class Action, burden of discovery enforceable?
Hypothetical: Is a fully disclosed pyramid scheme legal?
Is it legal for a car to have a paper license plate in California?
Does volunteer photographer own copyright?
Is it considered piracy to put in game music into music library
Which country's law applies when scraping / crawling web pages?
Two "shall not exceed" clauses when computing payment
Is it legal to write a program using a DB scheme deliberately compatible to an existing software?
Is truth the ultimate defense to defamation in the USA?
Can an employer request an I9 form be completed PRIOR to job offer?
Can a police officer report to a psychiatrist?
Can I get my money back?
Limits on requests for production of documents under FRCP
Is it legal to deceive someone into following through with an already-signed contract?
How can the constitutionality of a Law be challenged in the USA?
Is it still consider Fraud if it is GIVEN for free?
Is it illegal to publicly share technical information discovered by tinkering, if information is used to modify the device?
Is it legal to download progamming eBooks from GitHub?
Is it legal for NVIDIA to deny the use of the NVIDIA Capture API on non professional devices?
Understanding an undefined period of repayment in employment contract w/r/t education tuition reimbursement
Are women only scholarships legal under Irish / EU law?
Law regarding name suffixes
Is a "Cash Price" sign legal in the UK (and Republic of Ireland)
Is it legal to attempt to redefine legal terms?
Does a "withdrawal of application for admission" constitute a "refused admission" in the US?
Street cleaning in France led to broken leg - Can City be sued?
Can a TOS supersede Contract Law?
Can somebody, in USA, have an official and unofficial date and place of arrest?
In Washington: Is it legal to sell alcohol to someone without an ID who looks 90 years old, after asking to see their ID?
How would having discretion in a matter, immunize a trial judge from appellate review?
Can a gas station employee use Skimmer Scanner in TN without getting in trouble?
Is it allowed selling a kvm virtual machine with Ubuntu? what about copyright?
Multieffect pedals- Do companies pay royalties to original pedal makers?
Should I give source code if client owns the IP
Building management company: Can I be charged for something not my responsibility?
Is it legal to upload a non-monetized movie to YouTube?
Can an employer require attendance at a holiday party over the employee's religious objections?
Arguments in Masterpiece Cakeshop v Colorado Civil Rights Commission
Can a lawyer file for a divorce 14 years after finalizing the divorce in an other country?
Can I destroy a drone that is overflying on my backyard?
Would Santa Claus at the North Pole be under the legal jurisdiction of any country?
What is the likelihood that you would win a case of defamation if you cannot prove who sent it?
How can NaxosofAmerica claim copyright for classical music in Youtube?
Selective Enforcement vs. Equal Protection
UK Retail Return & Refund Regulations
Does screen-sharing qualify as Industrial Espionage?
Is it constitutional to go door to door to pass flyers for commercial purposes? (USA)
Hiding goods within a store
What kind of lawyer would our company need to file criminal charges against a customer?
Will I be let into the US if I request a passport from a country in the Trump travel ban?
Is someone employed by a Channel Islands based company covered by UK employment laws?
What are the benefits of a cohabitation contract in US in no-common law marriage state?
The controlling language in German employment contracts
Do footballers ever get in legal trouble if they commit a violent foul?
How should I ask for permission to adapt a copyrighted work for non-commercial purposes?
Employer refuses to release 401K
Could a wealthy person legally pay an elected official to resign?
lit sign saying "OPEN" turned on my store entrance door
Can a federal judge be disbarred?
If I have a lease, do I have to live there?
Can an American own part of a Canadian-based corporation?
Can a software contractor be indemnified against HIPAA?
Non-Commercial Use of the Great Seal of the United States
How is the limit of the Fifth Amendment enforced?
Employer took bond and blank dated cheque. Is this legal in India?
Is an incentivized consent considered freely given in GDPR?
Two Party Consent over State Lines
Can I take legal action in Colorado against a car dealership that has yet to deliver owed items to me?
How far does Japanese censorship law go?
Can you demand un-attribution under your name?
Using fictitious and forged document in personal injury case
Is a digital last will and testament on my cloud drive legally binding?
Have watermarks in digital downloads ever been used to prosecute uploaders?
California non-compete laws: where do they come from?
Does the repeal of net neutrality remove monopoly protections from ISPs?
Do genitals need to be censored even in non-pornographic works in Japan?
Labour Law - Minimum notice period to prevent breach of contract scenario
Job Contract Copyright Waiver
Answering to eviction case with no "final judgement"
Why "it is unlawful for X to do Y" rather than "it is illegal for X to do Y"?
Can a person go to jail for murdering a person that killed him before?
Can you run a Patreon and collect money on behalf of someone else?
Reasonable interpretation of the term "In connection with" with respect to intellectual property
Is it legal to eat or drink on the bus (Singapore)?
Under what circumstance is trial by jury suspended in the UK?
How basic were Senator Kennedy's questions to Matthew Spencer Petersen?
Featured on Google- Is it legal?
Immunity as a limit on the 5th amendment
How do 'suicide pacts' relate to the US Constitution?
Book published in the UK, public domain in home country, still under US copyright?
Is there any legal mechanism in any country, that prevents a state to apply laws discriminatorily?
Are identifiable cryptocurrency miners helping crime?
Theft of Trade Secret Prosecution
Landlord arguing we were a subletters and don't have rights as tennants
Is it illegal to modify a website locally
Contractor wants to charge when he did not gain access to the property
Job Contract. Clarification Required for a Clause
Why Was The 17th Amendment Necessary?
'Factual matrix' vs. 'Fact pattern'
Is there any legal protection for actions that later become illegal?
Does linking to Discord from a game app breach COPPA restrictions?
Can you take an existing copy right licenses and tweak it?
Do cases of Jury Nullification set precedent?
Can a friend testifying in my defense on a marijuana possession charge also be charged?
Do I have any legal recourse against trolls spamming my forum?
Is it illegal to create a website that allows a user to upload a file and make it accessable and downloadable for others?
Can prosecutors change or add additional charges once you plead guilty?
Albanian Citizenship by Naturalization: Defining Economic or Scientific Interest
Previous Employer using my electronic Signature
Secular Health Care Sharing
How does the GDPR apply to software developed by one company and used by another?
Can the government change a plea offer based on a dismiss motion the defense files?
Police and failure to enter home of suicidal person
Does a judge applying ideas of a religion to judge, violate the right of freedom of religion?
What crime is killing a foetus without the mother's consent?
What if I did something that was a crime, but has now become legal?
Canadian Equivalent to 18 USC 1831/1832/1837?
Why would someone feel compelled to self-represent in court?
Can a witch or wizard be guilty of murder if it's committed with magic?
Can CA public benefit corps be for-profit?
Who is responsible for the property expenses with a life estate which is owned by tenants in common, when not all of the owners live on the property?
Is threatening to share copies of an online discussion with an employer, in order to stifle opposition, illegal in any way?
Protecting an Idea Predicated on a Novel Software Process
Joint tenancy survivorship unmarried breaking up no mortage
Canada's Principle of Fundamental Justice - Vagueness and Fair Notice
Could marriage of two people who share a half sibling but do not share parents constitute incest?
Are Western states' actions in Syria akin to the US' in Nicaragua?
What are the consumer protection laws, if any, around closing online accounts?
Would changing the medium of disclosure of code change how and whether copyright is enforceable?
Why did Jim Garrison investigate the Kennedy assassination?
Do barter transactions need to be declared for tax purposes, and how is taxable value decided?
Are properties like APKMirror or APKPure legal?
what are the fines for negligent administration of social security numbers?
Can I refuse to provide information when a police officer asks about my mental health?
Employment (Colorado) hourly random scheduling
Can I process the e-mails from my own e-mail account to make statistics?
Can student loans be used in retirement, brokerage, savings, checking, and 529 accounts?
I want to publish a book using a brand name in the title
Provisional Patent Scope Strategy
How are people who abandon their infant children punished?
Found mis-delivered parcel after receiving refund - must I tell the store?
Are "conclusions of law" given pro forma denials in response filings?
Is it legal to log an IP address WITH an online name?
Could the Intel CEO be accused of insider trading?
Why 12 Jurors, why not 11, 10, 9, 1?
Selling public domain ebook, how to avoid copyright infringement in the US?
Can a business itself that rent digital content from other content provider stream the content freely
Termination of Employment before Joining date
Related to death penalty
UK Law: Requirement to put guardrails in place in communal garden?
do money and virtual coins have the same laws?
Australia: Can a NDA be broken to show evidence in court?
Space Law Jurisdiction
Does Manafort v. DOJ, Rosen and Mueller have any merit?
My parents purchased a condo under my name, can they legally take the condo back?
Can a landlord demand full rent on the first when a roommate gave 30 day’s notice that they are vacating on the 11th?
Is saying "Sorry" assuming fault?
Must US public agencies accept electronic notarizations performed in other US states?
At what point could excessive lawsuits have a negative impact on future cases?
Does a Constitutional Amendment Overruling a Court Decision Reinstate Any Applicable Laws?
How could Korematsu be overturned?
What kind of document to keep an independent contractor waiting?
is there any law like the 18 U.S. Code § 201 in latinamerican countries?
Could an executive selling shares be considered a breach of fiduciary duty?
What's the age in which people are allowed to engage in cybersex in Germany?
Fair use for a free online school notes [UK]
Are there any laws preventing Space Junk?
What defines a separate visit when getting beverage container recycling refunds on a per-container basis instead of by weight?
Is there a fixed amount of time in which a copyright infringement must be ignored even if the creator realizes it?
Am I Entitled to a Refund for Services Not Rendered?
Can police officers practice law like lawyers (defence attorney, prosecution) and judges?
Prior Art: Search Resources
Can a landlord in Ontario require tenants to clean the property for a viewing?
Literal Support Definition
Is it legal to create a service that help people filling up small claim court forms?
How high is the bar for a full-blown surveillance?
If a misdemeanor crime happens on a plane, where is the jurisdiction?
For how long are ISPs allowed to store user browsing activity?
Car registration and license in new state
Is it legal in the US to arrange a contract for payment of a portion of future income in return for a service?
Tenant refuses communication via phone or email
Article 116(2) Citizenship Restoration - Germany
Can I file a DMCA takedown notice for a derivative book I made without authorization of the author which was published on the internet by my students?
Internet law: who gets punished in this scenario?
Establishing GDPR consent when the person doesn't access a system themself
Would Germany extradite someone for looking at blasphemous content online? Hypothetical question.
How are derivative works legally produced and sold?
(How) Can Person A grant immunity to Person B for ending Person A's life?
Can a U.S. citizen who renounced his citizenship, get a green card through his American wife?
Is it legal to stream DVD?
Artistic representation of 100+ year old lamp
Can my employer expend more of my PTO than is necessary to meet 40 hours?
Andrew Cuomo suing over the 2018 tax plan
Is this a criminal threat?
Contract question
Does the state forbid competition with so-called natural monopolies?
Social network websites limitations based on USA sanctions
Is it possible to sell truly sentient AI software responsibly?
What does “belief” mean in the context of The Equalities Act 2010?
Can an illegal immigrant be buried in the United States of America by relatives?
Grokking the difference between Civil Law and Common Law
What law were these counter-protestors in Vienna charged under?
What is the way to obtain american citizenship back , once it is renounced?
Can one lose their identity if their appearance changes drastically?
Difference between Motions to Strike, Suppress, and in limine?
How is a USA marriage dissolved if neither spouse is resident in the USA?
Can I pay an ex-relative not to use my family name and make it stick
Who would declare a law unconstitutional if the Supreme Court couldn't?
U.S. v. Cruikshank (1876) decision
How is child custody/visitation determined when there is no marriage?
Can I call the police in a non-emergency but sticky situation?
UK (and EU) Ban on Credit Card Charges, does that cover Business to Business (b2b)?
Does America run on Dunkin?
Does the 9th Court Ruling Imply That a Public Endpoint Is Truly Public?
What can person A not authorize person B to do which A can do on their own?
Is it illegal to purposely arouse police suspicion?
How can one prove that a contract was signed by force?
If I use an CC by Attribution 4.0 image in my application, am I required to make my app CC-BY 4.0 too?
How do people deal with contracts that they suspect didn't exist until after some judgment was made?
Question about Freedom of Religion in Kentucky’s State Constitution
Legal to mine bitcoin when on U.K. benefits?
Does bitcoin count as income in the U.K.?
GDPR - Confirm company terms and conditions by button click
What is the extent of legal power of a USA Congressional inquiry?
Can LLCs be completely anonymous
Is offering non-disclosure of a vulnerability in exchange for payment legal?
Is it legal to post end credits of a movie to YouTube?
Is it possible to be a Belgian civilian without a first name?
Is O'Reilly Media engaging in false advertising?
Is growing and consuming plants a “natural right” in the United States?
Self defence with an illegal weapon
UK Consumer Law - Can issuer of gift card expire card without expiry date on card?
How could Edgar Ray Killen be tried a second time for the same crime?
What and when was Japan--Alcoholic Beverages I?
Construction next door damaged our fence, what can I do?
How can an "unofficial" book avoid copyright issues?
Viewing pornography that is taken illegally
Parsonage deduction on top of a parsonage: any limit?
Can someone win a defamation suit based off some voice recordings?
What is the basis for how aggressive a person can be in self-defense?
2013 consumer rights apllicability
Is executing code from external server banned on Google Play?
Can police access data from a fitbit without a warrant
How are the Localbitcoins.com founders safe from money laundering laws?
What if any law is broken if Person B hugs Person A against A's expressed wishes?
How do overpaid repayments work from employee to employer in regards to taxes?
What degree of force is permissible in self-defense against battery?
Taking my child's school to court
Does tolling apply to the statute of limitations in New York State?
confidentiality disclaimer Spain / EU
How do I get a US document notarised from overseas?
Can customer initiate chargeback AFTER judgement won in court?
Can I use photos from my current job to promote my own business?
landlord suing me for $5k damage to property. How to prepare (small claims court, White Plains, NY)
Can a jury's vote be nullified , if majority of the jury is found to have leaning towards a certain political and racial group hence causing a bias?
Right of a song cover for a short film
Validity of a Power of Attorney (PoA)
Can a lawyer advise a pro se litigant for technical purposes, without representing them?
Are employees in the EU more protected than in the US for sexual harassment?
How to create wholly proprietary (private) software license
Can I sue Apple if battery replacement was refused because the program is not available in my country?
Is a firearm magazine a regulated part in Austria?
Does a deed supercede a will when a house is transferred to one sibling?
Can creative element owners claim copyright on Machine Learning models or its output?
Do I have copyright on my code if someone else owns the LLC and the domain?
Falsely admitting to breaking a civil injunction
What's so Grand about Grand Theft Auto?
Is a professor allowed to access my grade from a previous class not taught by them?
Using trademarked names as a reference in a commercial context
Is it legal to use movie frames for creating gifs and using it in mobile apps
Can a gag order prevent someone from testifying in a congressional hearing?
What can I do about a landlord who falsely claims uncleanliness after I move out?
My unit was broken into after uhaul put a non payment lock on it, so isn't it now their responsibility?
Swiss naturalization
Is it legal to distribute any version of a public domain film?
What are the potential legal consequences for a company that has GPL violations?
What semantic notions underlie '(equitable) tolling' and the lay meanings of 'toll'?
Is it illegal for an employer to give a job applicant an unfair advantage in the selection process?
When should a constitution or bylaws have separate articles versus sections within an article?
Can a revoked degree cause problems for permanent residence?
Is it illegal to report a potentially illegal website to a message board (Reddit)?
Shops are stealing my images but I never registered copyright. How can I takedown thieves sellers?
Meaning of the term causal nexus?
Must stores legally have lighting available and switched on?
Australia - Subpoena bank records
Can a defendant get probation without being convicted of a crime?
Do I need some verification for Terms of use and Privacy Policy if I write them by my own?
When does user generated content violate copyright?
GDPR: Applied Security vs Employee Contracts
Can workmen legally restrict access to my property?
Who is liable for copyright infringement in an "unofficial book" with copyrighted images, the publisher or the author?
Is it legal for company make you use 8 hours of vacation and work for free for a small time period, each day?
'Strict construction' vs. 'plain meaning' vs. 'textualism' vs 'originalism' vs 'original intent'
How can Loose Constructionism befit narrower interpretations and judicial self-restraint?
Can a person sell his own house in Idaho without any assistance from a broker or agent?
What means 'higher democracy' in the Constitution?
How do I copyright a song with my lyrics but a public domain melody?
What is the process for having a trial record corrected?
Do I have to pay customs taxes for a returned article?
Is copying the User Interface and features of an Android app considered illegal in US?
Vehicle Repair Manual - What material is copyright protected?
Can I sue my friend for stealing money from my personal bank acct.?
Can I sue the gas company for not notifying me that gas was shut off at a rental due to tenant not paying?
Copyright and newspaper illustrations
How to use CC0 license?
What data can I store in my database from Google Books API?
Does the Geneva Convention on Road Traffic prohibit driverless cars?
The role of fingerprints in criminal investigations
Can someone collect on an oral agreement that included an invalid tenancy
Dispute about whether a day consists of 7.5 or 8 hours
Are recipes public domain?
Discovery Protective Orders
Vagueness of copyrights & licensing of artwork
Can customers be kicked out because a store employee personally dislikes them?
Why aren't foreign VPN companies forced to keep logs?
If there is no EULA with a program, can a person use it?
Are published sports results copyrightable?
Incentive for offering discounted services to NPO/Charity/501(c)(3)?
Platforms and 3rd Party Content
Contract necessary for the most basic processing under GPDR?
Is using method below against the eula of pubg?
Is a contract made through social media binding?
Could United's upgrade policy be legally interpreted as gambling?
UK Leasehold Sublet: New freeholder requesting retrospective sublet fee
Reproduce some website ideas on my own opensource project
To what extent does copyright cover the questions in a quiz game?
Can the executor of a will enter into an option agreement for property on behalf of the estate?
Who owns the copyright to my image on my portfolio that I created?
Is a nonprofit LLC required to have a Board of Directors?
What is the law regarding crossing the street on a red light as a pedestrian?
What does "While in the service of the company" mean?
Spurious Liens by an attorney in BC, Canada
Is it possible to be married without anyone knowing besides the spouses?
Initial Coin Offering restrictions for Non-Resident Aliens (F-1 Student)
Intimidation by other jurors?
Is an 'honest', tongue-in-cheek ponzi scheme ICO still illegal to operate?
How does computer privacy law apply in Canada when program reports who's using it?
When is a place 'generally accessible'
Why is Apple not at fault for accepting Qualcomm "bribes"/kickbacks
USC / MPEP / Guidance Docs / Cases
Who has responsibility for tax records after the death of a tax preparation professional?
Suing Beyond Expenses in California
Condo contract without record of it in the board minutes
Is there any penalty for intentionally over-reporting income on your 1040?
Do judges try to appeal-proof their decisions?
How to dual licencing code on SE
GDPR for small interest associations
What department in France is responsible for searching citizens physical address?
Is it illegal to remove a watermark?
Where is the rule guidance on implementing the Collin's amendment?
Can I play audio clips in my business?
Is it legal to file a formal sexual assault complaint anonymously?
Can I name my character 'Greyhound'?
Blanket statement to avoid all liability
For HIPAA, Does US Patient Data Have To Stay On US Servers?
Can I claim compensation for loss of earnings due to work accident in Australia?
Can I hire someone to haul my waste monthly?
Would a search engine be allowed to prioritize their content?
Is a second location of a restaurant required to honor gift cards purchased at the first location?
Is it a fault if an item cannot be repaired?
When does a landlord-tenant relationship form?
In a UK grant of probate does the value of the estate recorded include any deductions?
Which state can charge you if you commit a crime while standing in more than one of them?
Who holds the copyright on code generated by Microsof't's .NET Framework?
Can someone wait before patenting something?
Am I allowed to distribute Creative Commons movies to video streaming services that use DRM
Expiration date of an F-1 visa: Determine from I-94 or I-20?
loaded questions in pseudo-legal scenario
Why are Metric Compatible fonts not copyright infringement?
If you are serving a life sentence, die, are legally declared dead, and are brought back to life, are you now free?
Does the EU GDPR apply to these types of natural persons?
How to get a proof of business address for mail forwarding service?
How can Wikipedia Creative Commons images be attributed in video?
Why government can catch silkroad but not bitconnect?
Is This A Legal Abuse of Teaching Power?
Is it illegal to download a watermarked image?
Am I allowed to freely use content included in the D&D SRD?
Is it decorous to refer to mainstays (people recurring in a legal document) by abbreviations?
Can a tenant ask the occupant listed in the house agreement to vacate immediately & legally? In Texas,USA
Should my flatmate remove her pets?
What is the significance of dissenting opinions in appellate court decisions?
Stop paying rent if landlord does not provide lease agreement and basic services
How can I sue a USA company while I am in Mexico
Is refusing to give free water in a business establishment illegal?
What semantic notions underlie 'replevir' with the property tort 'replevin'?
Nuisance-causing passwords or technology at US borders
Can an existing employer force use of personal vehicle?
Can companies legally make unreasonable term of service?
Inherited guns in Florida
How to proceed when there is no will/last testament?
Can I Sue my Brother?
The landlord sends advertising with email to tenants, does this count as spam for legal purposes?
Assuming the U.S. President is convicted of a crime in their unofficial person, what happens next?
Searching for the term for an anecdotal "simple person"
Is it a crime to give away property without consent?
Help me interpret this court record
Copyright claim / fair usage
Is an adult child representing one of their parents in a divorce case a conflict of interest?
Non-fault accident, while driving someone else's car and car has been sold
In what legal form can one shape their de facto occupation of local authority land?
Who owns the code when my employer wants something similar to my existing open source project?
What is a dispositive motion?
Virginia non-stock corporate board elections
What are the legal obligations of non-profit organizations as distinct from for-profit?
Is it legal to auction land without telling bidders it's landlocked?
What is the purpose of the Tort Claims Act?
Lack of residential lease and my rights as a tenant
Using Facts From Related Lawsuits
Does the 4th Amendment have a Miranda-like precedent?
How can an objective standard be subjectively applied?
Can schools in Australia fail VCE students for missing class?
Does a ban on plea bargaining still permit defendants to plead guilty?
Do I need a disclaimer on a fake confidential document?
What is Stamp Duty Land Tax used to fund?
licence contract between a freelancer and a client
Is creating and selling "cheats" or "hacks" for games illegal?
Can I modify a paper contract, and then mail it to the bank?
Software developer not getting paid for contract work
Where is the capital gains tax defined in the law?
Avoid potential criminal liabity in IRS "interviews"?
Package recieved after full refund, illegal to keep it?
Is the Defendant Legally Entitled to an Itemization of the Damages they Are Being Sued For?
Do I forfeit my own copyright if I incorporate CC ShareAlike sources within my original artwork?
Can a business' more specific form contract show that a previous contract's terms were ambiguous or that there was no meeting of the minds?
Why doesn't everyone in UK just pay with exempted gifts?
UK: Can I give money to my brother instead of him paying income tax on a share of my rental income?
Can I legally dictate the disposal of my body after death?
How could an "unknown easement" exist on a property?
Does the Commonwealth of Australia Privacy Act 1998 apply to CV reference companies
How long are the documents of courts stored in the contries of the West?
Is obtaining MAC addresses from customers legal?
(How) Can I easily export produce from Serbia to Sweden via Hungary?
How can I get past a ban on energy drinks at my school?
india relating corporate law employment in government company harassment for not getting involved in irregular practices
License for an Internet radio with User feedback
Why do laws or contracts repeat themselves unnecessarily?
In the USA, may parents prevent their children from receiving gifts or acquiring owned property?
Is there a country that legally requires parents to donate blood to their children?
authentication of electronically signed documents
Is it legal to make two competing brands of the same product without making the public aware of the common source?
How to confer residency rights without tenancy?
The process of a direct appeal?
What are the restrictions of a probationary driver's license in New Jersey for a 28-year-old
How can I make sure that a house is clear of workmen's liens?
What gives e-signatures legal standing/force in the United States?
Does GDPR Recital 15 exempt unstructured electronic data?
UK: If brother acts as guarantor on mortgage, is he no longer classed as first time buyer?
What might be illegal about a company using deceptive phone calls to establish a contract and seeking payments under it?
Are universities legally allowed to adjust, or deny private loans?
Does the US constitution allow for a re-write?
How can one sell their shares in a business after getting sued?
making a contract that includes video licence
Can I steal Elon's Tesla?
Encryption export compliance document in iOS app store
Antitrust: when is it bundling, and when is it just a single product?
Would it be illegal for Donald Trump to short twitter, then leave the platform?
Signers ID information in a contract
General bankruptcy inquiry in Germany
License for a software project - free for individual users, pay for companies?
Revoking a durable medical power of attorney once principal recovers?
Am I allowed to ask a company to sign a contract?
Should "LLC" be included on the sign on my business front door (California)?
Am I required to charge sales tax with an ecommerce site hosted in Australia?
UK law - what is the process of convicting a defendant of a lesser offence than the charge?
Is there legal recourse against revenge defecation?
Can a business ask emergency responders to sign an NDA before/after entering their facility?
Is it legal to intercept 2.4Ghz communications (wifi 802.11) in the UK?
Can a traffic violation ticket be beaten if it was due to a non-compliant road sign?
Does SB-201 make all California graduate students employees, and thus covered under state labor code?
Do capital felons have the capacity to enter in a legal contract?
What power does the "Committee to counter active measures by the Russian Federation to exert covert influence over peoples and governments" have?
Is writing a guidebook to a work of fiction a copyright violation?
Is it legal for a company to continue using my name and picture on their site, despite not being an employee anymore?
How to properly deal with a cable company which regularily does not provide the bandwidth that is being payed for?
Is there a way for participants of an industry to discuss how to keep a market healthy without it being considered collusion?
Is the US federal executive allowed to misrepresent federal law?
Is profanity a form of protected speech on college campuses?
What stops Chinese companies from printing “Made in US” on their products?
Child Labor in Entertainment
I want to translate some poems, when does the original copyright expire?
Can a former employer deduct a "fee" when issuing a check for my new roll-over?
New trial motions-once the motion for summary judgment has a response may new trial motion be invoked?
Usage of nation names as teams
Meeting the "traditional" requirement for Protected Designation of Origin (PDO)
At what point can I pay someone else to do maintenance and deduct the cost from rent?
Statement may be misunderstood as admission: is this a problem?
Malware and liability
Driving with a revoked license
Can I demand partial deposit back on a joint lease?
Is an overly generic patent claim for turning metadata into displayed web pages actually valid?
An escrow released funds without authorisation in California, can I complain to authorities there?
Is it required to include "Disagree" buttons for terms of service?
Is disclosure of subprocessors absolutely necessary under the GDPR?
How does one go about writing TOS?
If I pay someone to place a sports bet that wins, have I committed money laundering?
Do I have to move right away if the Unlawful Detainer Judgement is in favor of the defendant?
Has the gay/trans panic defence ever successfully been used in court?
Can a Canadian committing a crime against a Canadian in both the USA & Canada be prosecuted in both countries?
Can an individual form a Party Wall agreement with themselves?
Can a landlord demand that a house rented when new be returned to "new" condition?
Can I start a mobile recycling business in California?
What does 'Right to Erasure' actually cover?
Hot water has been stolen, what to do now?
What law makes watching pirated movies illegal?
Why is the name of the case also called 'style of cause'?
What does "Resident of any country excluding" mean?
What type of obligation do governments have in enforcing the Constitution?
If a judge appears to be biased, can a lawyer request that another judge be present in the courtroom?
Does a company own my company's product if I use their open source code?
Could I object to paying US Federal taxes on moral grounds?
Advice sought regarding GDPR and managing sensitive data
A borrower signed a promissory note in which he put up an annuity plan and his 401k plan as collateral.
Rights and licensing of joint works in Canada
Is it possible to sue a hacker based on his mail?
Is there an offence when you kill to prevent a murder?
Is there a concept of a plea-bargained confession in English law?
What crimes have been committed in English law?
What provisions should I make regarding GDPR consent when users do not sign themselves up?
Are the U.S. military police allowed to operate on U.S. soil?
Would an affidavit be admissible in criminal court to prove address fraud?
Why does the victim have to press charges?
What is the legal penalty for "contempt of Congress"?
In beer can lottery who gets to keep the prize? Buyer or person who opened the can? Does mutual mistake rule applies to gifts?
How does a hold-over clause in a lease work?
Car has warning sticker it will be towed tomorrow for expired tags, but my plates don't expire for 2 years?
Illegal to leave child younger than 14 alone in Illinois?
What are the criteria for being considered a British citizen by descent?
Can we set up our company in a different country in order to protect our IT and assets from litigation?
Is this considered a tax scam in New Zealand?
Can police refuse criminal case about stolen mobile phone? How can such crimes be investigated?
Can I refile a case I withdrew without prejudice many years ago?
Create a lead sheet and play a song in a church service
How can one fight an unfair/corrupt employer/union (working hand in hand)?
Can I grant and enforce specific conditions for the use of my copyrighted work?
Do employees have personal liability when working for a company that violates the GDPR?
special counsel indictments
Are forged signatures on company documents illegal?
Can you be convicted of both first- and second-degree murder?
Is it intimidation or trespassing if someone confronts you about suing their insurance company when at home?
Is Patty Mayo's Youtube content legal?
Can we have an accessory while a principal is acquitted?
Is litigation against one's employer protected?
Who's legally responsible for vet bill in pet injury, owner or pet sitter?
Expungement of Arrest and Court Records after Death
Is this (hypothetical situation) rape and/or rape by deception?
Why is the Federal Reserve allowed to "coin Money" and define exchange rates?
Interpretation of the word "nearby" in a law
Small claims court jurisdication over international employment agreement?
Can a Silicon Valley HQ'ed company request a previous salary for a Japan-based position?
What is the legal interpretation of "does not bear all of the following"?
Marketing/Service in relation to FIFA World Cup matches
Can I use nodejs logo as part of my course cover?
Why do judges use a hammer in court?
What kind of contract should I use to hire people only in the case of future funding?
Can I create a mosaic for a client in the shape of the Disneyland Castle?
Photographing private or special property from public places
Can a U.S. non-profit only be created by members of which a majority are U.S. citizens?
Interpretation of "Code" and "Programs"
What power does the "Translations" section in Trademarks have?
Rear end collision in icy conditions
Lohnsteuerbescheinigung - income tax certiicate
Is this an exercise of the US Supreme Court’s original jurisdiction?
What is the purpose of including the statement "All trademarks are property of their respective owners"?
If Linked-In loses the web scraping lawsuit to hiQ, will that mean that other companies like Google will also be open for public webscraping?
Does the Consumer Rights Act 2015 apply to refunds?
Are the terms "stipulate" and "determine" interchangable in legal texts?
Does expungement of a case refer to online history?
Is spreading fake news legal, even if it might cause some real physical/mental harm [US]?
What's the difference between the use of terms "decree" and "decision"?
Is it legal to change the curriculum of an university degree?
What are the differences between the terms "act", "law", and "regulation"?
Does a landlord have to rent to someone even if it makes the other tenants uncomfortable?
Could vigilante anti paedophile sting operations actually result in a conviction?
Attorney-in-fact clause within contract; what does it do?
Cash deposits and money laundering in the UK
Using hash functions to bypass Cold War-era crypto export restrictions
What does this final section regarding the "termination of the binding provisions" in this contract mean?
Is the work I created a derivative work, and what rights to the work do I have?
Why do the majority of states require you to publish your name change?
Can I legally digitalise a house design?
Why cops, in this case, didn't simply seize the stereo?
Can my LLC limit my liability of a personally-signed non-compete agreement?
Would it be illegal to upload the source code of a computer virus I developed?
Would it be illegal to have a fake gun turret robot on my front porch?
Was the officer assigned to Parkland school legally obligated to intervene?
Can you sue a DAO that offers "software as a coin"?
How should we document % ownership in our company?
Can a creditor double their money after a default by joint debtors?
who owns and is responsible for the truck?
What jurisdiction is responsible for firearms regulation in United States education institutions?
Contract Date Vs Date of Possession
Stopping never-ending emails from abusive ex?
What charges would a driver face after an unrestrained child dies in a car crash?
Do people lose their right to defend their house if they make it look like their house is uninhabited?
Uncollected Rent
Can a US court monetary order against a non-US citizen be pursued outside the US?
Who should pay damages when a person gets injured in two car crashes in two weeks?
Charged with perjury without specific action
Can someone who primarily lives abroad vote in America if they happen to be a citizen?
3 way mortgage, need judges decision to sorting out ownership
Can I photograph strangers voting at a polling station?
Is using or selling vintage footage from abandoned personal film reels legal without having a release?
Recover fees associated with car being impounded
Does quoting a line from a film infringe copyright?
Trademark infringement, cease and desist
Do lawyers actually use big bookshelves filled with texts?
Is a vehicle solely for personal use required to be licensed?
Is a disclaimer for a medical product enough to protect the company against prosecution for fraud?
Is it legal to walk out of school, unexcused in Colorado
Does the GDPR allow me to access data from public sources, store it and anaylize it?
What does "shall not dismiss … merely" mean in Arizona?
India: What happens when flat buyers not interested in claims but in flat's registry? How can IRP help in that?
Is it legal for civilians to pull (point) guns on each other?
Software Licence Agreement for project developed away from work to be used at work
Is there a time limit on manslaughter charges?
Does a property given to a spouse in a first marriage still get shared in a death after a second mariage?
Can you claim unemployment benefits while driving for a ride-sharing company in Florida?
Does a subsequent signed version of an amended contract/offer override previous signed versions?
How to issue LLC membership units for each founder to own 1/3 of the company?
Legal to "drive" without a license
Can I drive in Colorado as an out of state minor?
What can I do about an employer witholding my final paycheck for "damages"?
Meaning: 'the defendant offers to absorb the fees of the class lawyer, calculated at a premium rate'
'first brought about the alteration in their relationship which led to an alleged actionable breach' vs 'actionable breach'
Why would a split legal profession explain why 'the rules of court in many [such] jurisdictions are cast as regulations rather than as statutes'?
Can a U.S. business store mail on a server outside the U.S.?
Do citizens of India have a legal right ask a website to delete their personal information?
Is it a Copyright Infringement to commercially use a CC0 photo of a cosplay of a movie character?
Resolving issues with overdue payments for freelance work
What Travel Expenses are Allowed in a Civil Suit?
Tenant not vacating property(GERMANY)
Can I use the copyright symbol and rights statement if I haven't registered the copyright?
US laws of firing an employee
Do we have to wait for legislators to ban bump stocks?
Can a Chrismas gift be taken back several years later?
Can we copyright a product without revealing our identity?
Is a video demonstrating a small portion of a movie sync fair use?
Employer green card sponsorship after termination
Can companies add their own age restrictions to sales?
Is it unconstitutional for sellers to have higher minimum age for gun purchases than the federal government?
Meaning of "The right to disclaim property or an interest therein is barred by..."?
Can a parent kick an adult child out of a house that the parents do not own or rent?
Why create an intellectual property holding company as a parent, subsidiary, or separate entity?
Under the GDPR, should transaction data be deleted on account deletion or on user request?
May I use common symbol (like #, §) as a logo for a company or product of a company?
Who can give the police consent to search my property?
Can unwritten administrative policies at a public college be enforced?
Is a Lease Addendum Considered Separately from the Original Lease? (Ontario)
What can I legally do with abandoned cars I found on property I recently bought?
How will International Law respond if an uncontrolled epidemic in a failed state threatens to become a pandemic?
Do shareholder agreements have to be identical within the same company?
Can I pay someone outside the US to reverse engineer software against the license?
Can an employer legally confiscate property that they suspect to be illegal?
Does Mojang break the law with restrictions in their EULA for Minecraft?
Can private companies deny buying firearms for persons under 21?
In the US, who decides whether an offense is criminal or civil?
Are social network companies legally permitted to tell police about users at risk of suicide?
Do Any Countries Have A Retribution Defense For Crime Victims?
Will a Muslim with multiple wives who travels to the U.S. be charged with polygamy?
Can a company use pay to control their independent contractors?
Do "watermarks" on a video prove that the material is copyrighted?
Can two companies have names that are similar in EU?
Why did Microsoft not have to publish the protocol for Skype?
Is Mongolia a good place to host a no-moderation social media website?
Per the First Sale Doctrine, can I stream a DVD?
Are lawsuit records publicly available?
Who is to enforce the UDHR and the Charter of the UN?
Are DBA / "trading as" names always different than legal names?
What investigatory procedures and decisions are there for a tourist death in Poland?
Can I carry a knife at school?
Is there a precedent or contingency to re-do an election disrupted by war, natural disaster, epidemic, terrorism or fraud?
In US do you have right to stop thieves from leaving?
Do Companies like Microsoft sue users for unpaid online services bills?
Can I wear clothing with obvious profanity to a public school or council meeting?
Is it legal to launch a phishing attack for educational purposes?
What is the penalty in Hungary for giving a child the wrong surname?
What is the differences between lying and fraud?
How can I legally petition for a home that has been in the family for generations but the deed has another name on it
Commercial "natural language processing" algorithm on TV shows
In USA, is it possible to end up being called to jury duty even if you have not registered to vote?
Do schools have a choice in punishing students who participate in a coordinated protest walkout?
Can a condo HOA be held responsible for inside mold remediation due to a suspected leaking roof?
Business Licence obtained with fraud
After US Supreme Court overturns precedent, are old cases revisited?
Why did Reiser's prosecutor agree to a plea *after* Reiser had been convicted?
What would happen if one raised philosophical objections during a legal case?
Can I use the copyright symbol on my website without registration of copyright in India?
Are US states bound by the US constitution when it comes to gun rights?
Can I use a sports car in my TV commercial
Can the federal government force state/local governments to share resources with neighbouring states/localities?
Can a university require me to use hardware authentication to pay bills?
Are inventions patentable AFTER they are published?
Can the military see my sealed juvenile record during the background check?
Can victims respond to victim-blaming in court?
Can an employer pay less in benefits to employees on a 'Family' healthcare plan than employees on an 'Individual' healthcare plan?
Can you download data from satellites which are no longer in use?
What is the history of rules requiring prosecutors to disclose evidence?
Could a voice response to (Amazon Echo) Alexa Skill be legally construed as a digital signature?
What power does a tenant have when another tenant is smoking and partying in the property?
Jurisdictional Order
Can a hospital, or other entity, legally file collections on a debt incurred by a minor's parents?
How does the government define people who are not married but living together?
Why are credit rating agencies in the US imune when giving false rating?
Trademark use in software package names (USA)
Are different licenses legally binding and can any person/company sue another person/company for violating open source licence?
Traffic court processing time
Do I have to notify the other party of changes I made to the contract before signing it?
Is it legal (in Europe, Belgium) to publish prices from unaffiliated establishments?
Can a Work For Hire agreement be made without compensation?
Can a deaf person flee the police under a claim that the cop failed to detain them in an understandable manner?
What happens if I licensed a contribution to an open source project but it is discovered that I did not have the right to do so?
Can an unfinished product be patented?
Is an undercover cop offering money to a random woman for sex an example of "entrapment"?
Why do legal scholars influence civil codes' interpretation, more than judges?
Did the judge try to order me to pierce the corporate veil?
Easiest way to divorce same-sex marriage for residents of country where it's not recognized?
Why are 'material contribution' vs 'proximate causation' separate tests?
Employer failed to report my income or pay taxes. Do I have any rights to file a lawsuit?
Why was the adjective "special" embraced for "special damages"?
What semantic notions underlie 'articles' with legal apprenticeship?
Right of way: U-turn vs right turn (California)
Is the Stormy Daniels NDA enforceable?
What would happen if a heathcare provider attempted to bill for a ridiculous (billions) amount?
Can copyrighted work be distributed for free if it was done so by the owner previously?
US encryption export compliance for IOS/Android Apps
What is the type of a contract where one party of the contract promises to pay in the future?
Why haven't jurists corrected the ambiguity of 'civil law'?
Did Ready Player One have to get licenses for the usage of all its video game characters?
Extortion Hangup
Class action arbitration agreement
Moving with my children to the US after marriage
What is the U.S. law that lets the president “protect industry on grounds of national security”?
Rape/Sexual assault: Any tort laws apply? (US)
Can media illegally downloaded in banned regions be legally used in regions where it is not banned?
Does the freedom of information act allow for bulk data requests?
Is there precedent for getting sued for deleting someone's data?
Is a document considered falsified if it has no stamp or signature?
Is it legal to use statistics off a copyright website?
Why did the Supreme Court set a 3-year time-frame? Sebelius v Auburn Regional Medical Center
Recorded conversations
Living with roommate not on the lease
Is reverse proxy considered as a form of “public mirror”?
When will desuetude apply to Julian Assange's bail violation in U.K. law?
When can jobs discriminate against a protected class?
Non-profit donations for organizational overhead
What is the legal basis for unilateral share dilution?
What happens if I don't show up to the Court (DRA, Family Court, UK)?
Legality of manual counterattacks vs counterattacks executed autonomously by a self-defense bot
Signed non-compete, no mention of one in offer letter (MN). Is it still enforceable?
Board of Estimate of City of New York v. Morris
Do the police need probable cause or a search warrant to search a rental car being driven by someone who didnt rent the vehicle?
iPad hijacking at night
What happens to the developer studio of a game that makes an exploit possible on a console?
How are businesses based outside, but doing business inside of the US taxed?
judicial deference
I am a shareholder in a Private C-Corp, what are my rights?
How to claim the copyright of the code written by me
US export compliance document for ios
Calling for the suspension of due process by a president
Can a vigilante be useful for a police department?
Voting while serving a sentence for felonious refusal to pay taxes
Can tribal nations initiate gambling between states or are they subject to the same rules as everyone else?
Use of copyrighted character in software, as a joke
Married when joint tenancy right of survivorship signed, now divorced
Is it legel to sell used bikes online as a business?
how to prove perjury?
Can a person sign away alimony after marriage
How to copyright 3D models
How do I split the copyright from my employer?
How to protect my IP
What kinds of crimes do not affect persons or property?
Can a foreigner win small court claim in the US without appearing in court?
Photograph of side entry french door used in commercial, compensation?
48 hours to sign a contract
Is crowd funded income used to pay legal fees taxable?
Is this opinion by the Wage & Hour Division, disallowing fines/salary deductions for lost & damaged property, generally applicable to US employers?
Is probable cause of a crime necessary for a subpoena to be issued?
How do the expiration dates on driver licenses not count as an "arbitrary revocation"
Inhabitance requirement for peeping
Its Wrong, But Is It Class Action Wrong?
Can I buy a $ 500 lot as a foreigner to register a car in Florida?
Would it be legal to use deadly force in a stampede?
Privacy policy for a non profit emailing list?
Are American "no promo homo" laws enforced?
Are these HOA rules legal?
Is it illegal to impersonate a Provincial Securities Commission agent in Canada?
Can a digital marketplace restrict access to download content you purchased?
What will happen if many people commit one crime?
Copyright of messages in group chat
If someone makes a phone call to the police to say that you have drugs in your home, are they allowed to search the home?
Why should a witness have to be arrested if they didn't answer the summons of a subpoena?
Do You Need a Permit to Cook Free Food on the Sidewalk?
Is there any "delik aduan" like laws in the west?
If I’ve no WhatsApp account am I still a node on their social graph? And if so can I request to be deleted?
What's the difference between an accessory and an accomplice?
Pedestrian Hit because Stopped in Crosswalk
Gmail harassment and IP address
Pre-emptive warning of restrictive covenants breach
Can I sue a restaurant for serving me meat in vegetarian dish?
Is creating a new GPS trace a derivative work while using GPS-based ADAS?
Is Ambush by New Parking Sign legal unless prohibited?
Using passport as domestic ID
How should copyright be notified when the owner isn't the one publishing the material and wants to be "left out"?
Papal nuncios, diplomatic immunity, and canon law
Driving on suspended license
unknown US citizen, do I owe taxes
What does 'a kind of private charter' signify, for the 1st Amendment (US Constitution)?
Why'd the 1st Amendment (US Constitution) 'become a weaker shield' if it 'is an all-purpose shield for journalists'?
What did SCOTUS signify by 'metaphysical doubt'?
What did Flybe actually do wrong?
Can jury nullification apply to a civil lawsuit?
To what extent can one claim copyright over a sound?
My Boss wants me to correct checks paid to us
Can a person be prosecuted for unknowingly possessing illegal computer files?
Can a doctor/nurse legally force me to take a drug test?
Can a judge increase the speed on a traffic ticket?
Can I legally buy a car in Texas, but register it in California?
Scope and participants in the Oracle Contributor Agreement
can I get sued without accepting EULA
Offering Non-Business Free WiFi - Legal Considerations?
Making games with multi-level marketing in game
Can I be sued for failing to secure an email I didn't request?
When is linking to copyrighted material illegal?
Can judges be compelled to justify themselves?
Is there a jurisdiction where child pornography is not illegal?
Employment termination and pay back
Is it permitted to work as a freelancer on Upwork while studying in Germany?
Price quoted vs Purchase Order
Copyright on a physical object where no patent exists
Gaining control over domain name being used by scammers
Is there always a legal way to make an open source product integrate against the will of a proprietary vendor?
Can I use images from Microsoft Docs?
Case law relating to gender expression
Can you own copyrights to dance moves or choreography?
Can states legitimately enact immigration law or policy that is contrary to federal immigration law?
Do I have the right to enter into someone house without permission if my child is in there?
Are there ways to hold communal companies?
Is Judicial overreach constitutional in India?
Does the failure to honour an express refusal invalidate prior claims of having implied consent?
can the location of a smart phone at the time of arrest negate a suspects protection against unreasonable search and seizures?
Can a minor negotiate their own contract?
What methods do lawyers use to find hidden property and assets during divorce
Republishing in old book, what are ones rights and obligations?
Does this German company really control the use of the term 'emoji'?
What is the copyright on scans of old books?
Are there books or sources on how laws are evolving in a way that current laws have little to do with original purposes?
Are chat logs against the new european GDPR?
What tactics can a juror use to get excused from jury duty?
What is the process of requesting collected personal information for a major company online?
Are there actual cases where a woman got jailed for being raped by an underage rapist?
If someone gets money from a crime such as selling drugs, and then gives the money away, does the person who receives it own it legally?
Shooting victim taken off life support. What crime would be charged?
Is it possible for an artist to retain the rights to their artwork while also allowing the client to reproduce the artwork?
Could a high school teacher require their students to register to vote in New York?
Is British Columbia violating the 1949 Geneva Convention on Road Traffic by requiring foreign drivers to exchange their license within three months?
If you are fifty years old, and you were sentenced to a hundred years in prison, what's the use of that when you will most likely die before then?
How can I prove that my bike is mine? (Germany)
Can males be held liable for child support for wife's child?
What level of knowledge about Law should every person have? And how to get that knowledge (either free or paid)?
Cause of Action vs Merits of the Case
GDPR with refusing medical information
DMCA requirements for a chatroom
How might a defense attorney use the fact that the accused was coerced? Examples from the movie Se7en
In US, does marriage protect men from paternity fraud or make it more liable?
Why 'negotiable', and not 'negotiated', instrument?
Does any amendment in the bill of rights take priority over any other?
Privacy Policy for email contact form
Opposing trademark registration
Can I make and sell printable worksheets for board games without infringing on copyright?
Is it illegal to refuse to provide proof of income after receiving a loan/credit?
Does prospect of sale price being paid in full determine validity of sale?
Are all crimes committed in Washington DC federal crimes?
Does the new citizenship question for the 2020 census violate 13-USC-9?
How can an allegation of NOT having an affair be a defamation?
Can I legally present data from public API's on a website?
Can I refuse to answer a question asked by US Census taker by invoking the 5th Amendment?
Why can NTSB reports not be admitted as evidence?
What does the phrase "...is well founded in fact and in law" mean?
Traffic Violation Question
How can I challenge university's policy to provide Alternative Formats for only "Core" books?
Is this a violation of copyright? WW2 Infamy Speech
If legislative intent is considered when interpreting laws, why don't lawmakers attach a note to the law explaining their intentions?
UEFA membership criteria
Movie title translations in violation of trademark?
Is "including but not limited to" dangerous?
Cursing in NJ by an Elected Official Councilman
Can beneficiaries be pursued for damages inflicted in life?
Can an embassy in a hostile country send people in diplomatic pouches?
Legal Right to Own Nukes
What might've spurred why default judgment can be signed against a defaulted defendant by plaintiff's claim, but not by defendant's claim?
Arbitration OptOut
Does interpreting a law differently violate equal protection?
GDPR email consent - Pre ticked "No" box
How will GPDR effect the use of peoples names as unique identifiers?
Is less than 3 years a legally sufficient lifespan for a TV in the UK/EU?
FERPA clarifications
Is it illegal for a search engine to not provide an option to opt out of saving search history?
Can you be sued for money if your product is released for free?
Fair Child Support in California
Are there doctrines of contract law that limit potentially open-ended liability?
Use of aliases in contracts between parties
Company wants to hold funds for customers
Treason, Sedition and the US Bill of Rights
Corporation files ch. 7 but wholly-owned subsidiary LLC does not file - how does this happen?
Jurisdictional vs appeal of right
What kind of lawyer should I speak with about getting out of a lease on the basis of breach of contract?
What type of lawyer do i need for suing the state?
Open source crypto project wallet and its liability
Is it a crime to receive money from one individual and give it to another individual to reduce their taxes?
Dispute began under previous contract, new contract signed, which applies?
Who has authority to sign on behalf of company
Is it illegal for a business to ask for proof that an animal is a service animal?
Is it legal to build same website like amazon
Is the California court ruling that coffee can increase cancer risk justified?
Going to court after agreeing to multiple dispute resolutions
Entering the US with an expired green card
Who owns copyright of video gameplay captures?
Does microphone recording of audio content from YouTube violate terms of service?
How to contest compensation as an independent contractor
Has the legal status of Jesus Christ every come up in court?
Is the current Israel/Gaza conflict "war" or "law enforcement"?
Do search engines need permission to start searching?
What does “potential for abuse” mean in the Controlled Substance Act?
Ending joint-tenancy agreement by sending registered mail to the landlord - was it done properly?
Is there a definition of "biological sex" in U.S. law?
Is it illegal for an adult to contact a minor if the minor's parents have instructed the adult not to do so?
Can you patent something that is an implementation of another patent?
Condo Master Policy in case of a Fire
I know of a case that is in mediation in Taiwan what details can I find out about it?
Conditions that denote as true (allowed) or false (not allowed) for a written law
Would it be considered ethical for two brothers to work as executives at competing public companies?
GDPR impact on genealogy website / uncontrolled user data
Renting in the United Kingdom, should I repair the storage box?
Is it legal to make an audio recording in a United Kingdom workplace with one party consent
Stormy Daniels Extortion?
Legal Proceedings concerning one individual due as a defendant in two courts at the same time
Can I build an iPhone app that generates cryptocurrency income without the user's consent or knowledge?
In the US, is it legal to lie to a business such as a hotel to obtain a discount?
Scraping a user's data with their permission and credentials
Is there any theory that would let someone recoup their money from buying overpriced jewelry?
Word for legal counsel/representative
Can a student send a personal email on school campus without scrutiny by administration?
GDPR seeking consent - Subjects not responding to the consent email
Buying a defect mobile
Is it ever illegal to quit a job without warning?
To what extent can a spouse assist in a legal case?
Does vehicle information count as personal data?
Arbitration - what can be made public
Is it legal to live on commercial property?
Why does double jeopardy apply even when the acquittal was due to insufficiency of evidence?
Mens Rea and Changing Law
When is it illegal to lie?
In the US, is it illegal to pay different employees different amounts for the same work?
Why do lease agreements commonly prohibit animals and also specifically prohibit reptiles?
Question about using Wikipedia content. About "CC-BY-SA" license. About its "Copyleft/Share Alike" part
Is there a fully legal way to pay EU customs as a recipient without post handling fee?
How does copyright law apply to reusing images from before the 1900s?
What if a US dual citizen gets a US visa stamp on his foreign passport?
How is internet archiving legal, when it appears to violate many websites terms of use?
Can a US employer hire someone as a salaried worker, require them to work long hours, and then fire?
Hunting rights to land but do not own the land
Is a rental business liable if a rented product causes harm?
Do I need permission to perform an academic research on a video game?
Are there any Social Security loopholes I can use to justify my inability to pay rent to my parents?
In US, what happens if you owe money to doctor and forget about it?
I signed a second work contracts in Germany, without checking my first contract
Is it advsable to "blow the whistle" on illegal tax exemption?
Survivability of agreement clause
Whistling copyrighted music on youtube
What happens if someone bounces a cheque in US?
How long will a person be imprisoned for failing to pay red light ticket in USA?
Can I use freely information from personal emails and some personal answers
Why did s 92(14) (of the Constitution Act, 1867) permit Provincial Superior Courts to adjudicate some matters falling under federal legislative power?
Why was the Equity of Redemption = property worth — still owing mortgage debt? And not only the latter?
Can I file a petition for a family law matter myself?
What action USA's IRS is likely to take for failing to respond to audit?
Immigration Status after Marriage
Are clauses written on top of a signed contract legally enforceable?
Do you need to get a work permit for a federal job in California?
Can I share IP adresses of machine who attempted logins?
Must you stop walking if a police officer wants to talk to you?
Alabama Accomplice Law - Charging a person with murder who hasn't killed anyone
Who owns the rights of my bike ride track in an official race?
What is the basic term sheet of joining of software company?
I want to leave Islam, but they would execute and kill me. What do I do?
GPDR and remote working
SAMSUNG refuses to honor their warranty. How to proceed?
How can immigrants in the US get paid as owners of companies when they can't be paid as workers?
Trademark infringement potential VS no exclusive use of words in a trademark?
Does using English university’s complaints procedure estop Full Merits Review by a judge?
Can you escape a contract if a business mistreated its other customers?
How does public domain work?
Is it legal to ask someone their birthday in an interview?
Company has transferred team to another company, does this count as breaking contact?
Questions about cryptography implementations
What is the legal restriction for driving vehicles that don't require a license?
Landlord's LLC filed for bankruptcy, is that a breach of contract?
Should the decision about an Extradiction be based on the Legistlation or on the Juristiction of the executing member state?
Will 28th-year copyright renewal by an assignee be locate-able based on the original registration?
Was there a consideration in Merritt v Merritt case agreement?
Looking for a name of a construct which is treated "like a standard" in the EU
Can I use my first name's initial on a copyright notice?
What case was it where Clarence Thomas sided with the liberal justices in order to remain consistent with a previous ruling?
Can students on F-1 visa in U.S. operate a software business incorporated offshore?
Is Mark Zuckerberg subject to questioning by every U.S. senator, or only select ones?
Can IRS tax an offshore business operated by a non-resident alien in U.S?
Can landlords discriminate against potential tenants based on their current profession?
Appeal from state's Supreme Court
Can a US citizen be a refugee?
Legal principles in refusing to pay advertised reward for return of lost item if it was returned without knowledge of the ad
How to handle CVs / resumes with GDPR rules?
Is it legal for a retailer to modify a product to remove best before dates and batch numbers?
Copyright and derivative works
How can laypeople investigate an airline's allegation of 'extraordinary circumstances'?
Does the FTC Act of 2006 require utility companies to verify an account holder's identity?
Why would I need a section 85 roll over in Canada during incorporation?
How to deal with threats involving suspension of auto license?
Deficiency judgement period after foreclosure in IL
I made a software version of a semi-popular board game for free. Is that legal?
International purchase for a family member
What would happen if a tenant's eviction notice got lost in the post, or the tenant claims to not have received it?
Are tweets an intellectual property?
Are search warrants public records?
Can I legally forward a work email to my personal email?
Subletting terms
How liable is a seller that was unknowingly paid using stolen funds?
How is the "Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act of 2017" constitutional?
Discovery of evidence seized in a criminal investigation
Are parents allowed to not pay for their children's surgery?
Hate-Speech website hosted in the USA, but targeting an audience overseas
Would Al Capone be convicted today?
GDPR Compliance - does it extend to database backups and archived records?
Can the user be given time to respond (DMCA) before removing content?
Can only the government official who appointed an employee fire that employee?
Opening a daycare near previous employment
"And will" in Miranda Rights
As a web and mobile (iOS and Android) developer, how do I discover if GDPR applies to a user?
What does this clause mean in a job offer?
Whose instructions should be followed in a dispute - majority shareholder vs company director? (UK)
What legal processes need to be followed, if any, to get squatters out of a house in Philadelphia?
Is it legal to upload PDF to my site just to let people read it?
License for public Google Docs?
Can a tenant be obligated to pay rent and be forced not to live in the unit?
Virginia prosecutor changed/added charges to original charge that one pled guilty to
"Geographical limitation" in the 1951 Refugee Convention?
Is ”data breach” a correct way to describe the Facebook scandal?
Schengen visa refusal
Why would corporate house counsel be limited by unsupervised discovery?
What did Learned Hand mean by 'whether the best mood or habit is not that' and 'all specific choices may be momentous'?
Which money transfer method is better?
Were two black men legally removed from a Philadelphia Starbucks?
What does it mean that Scotland is a civil law jurisdiction?
Can one contract a non-lawyer to represent them in court and get the other party pay for fees?
Retaliation by boss for reporting a proof-of-life photo to the police
Should I go to law school? What do I need to know?
Can a Transcription have a Copyright?
Is the output of a generator tool copyrighted? [GPL3 and CC BY-SA 3.0]
removing tags from a car
Can an immigrant create a new business while their green card is pending?
Uploading images of music notation: Do we violate copyright laws?
is it possible to have a dual citizenship even if I'm not a national of these countries?
What are the laws regarding compiling SE answers and selling them for money?
Odd sublease tax clause
Does an alchemist have a duty to disclose if they transmuted their gold?
Can a Presidential pardon nullify a search warrant?
How is conceding a client's guilt different from a guilty plea?
Is a supermajority requirement for raising taxes constitutional?
Is it normal that a patent stipulate that an author must help with future patent development and establishment?
Forged signature in DHL Invoice
What legal reason is there to publicize Michael Cohen's client list?
I am looking for the statutory basis for this section of a Department of Labor document
Why do laws that give penal fines or fees not specify that the amount be adjusted for inflation?
What is the best way to determine if a living person in the UK has a will?
Can Congress issue a legislative pardon?
My employer moved me onto a new payroll. Do I need a new employment contract?
How do I dispute a correction after buying a car that was not as advertised?
How does one exercise their GDPR related rights?
In the U.S.A., how much do you need to make from a project before it becomes a business?
Selling your personal vehicles versus being a used car dealer, what are the limits?
Using trademark as a name in a book?
What's with unexpected cancellation fees?
Can employer claim ownership of intellectual property made while not at work?
How does GDPR affect sports statistics?
Does the IRS have authority to extend the filing deadline?
How do you force someone to sue you?
Is there a UK equivalent to the USA's FERPA?
Disclosing prior inventions to company before starting work
Is there a loophole in the GPL allowing binary-only distribution?
Does ripping up the only signed contract form invalidate it?
Is it normal, or at least precedented, to require an attorney to publicly divulge his/her client list in a crime-fraud prosecution?
Is a governing law clause always enforceable?
How did John Marshall utilise "the trick of first announcing a novel rule in a case in which he concludes that the rule does not apply?
Judge override jury verdict
Can a CEO of a C corporation who make no salary qualify unemployment benefits?
Software Developer told to copy a website for a client
Similarity between drawing and photograph - What constitutes infringing upon the photographer's copyright/ intellectual property?
Manufactured goods, when do they lose copyright?
Transit in United States on C1/D visa
GDPR and deleting users from wiki changelogs
GDPR treatment of a list of phone numbers
Are there any generalised concenpts of "fair treatment" in UK law?
Am I liable for 20 year old water bill for a house I bought?
Can a company suddenly start to enforce a trademark after years of neglect?
GDPR - Right of Access From Processor
Are there different "levels" of perjury?
Is is illegal to hack websites in a country considered to be an enemy of my country?
Are "slavish copies" of public domain work in the public domain?
Am I required/permitted to disclose a security risk at a company I do not work for?
Buying a Gun for a Californian
Is there any advice for deciding which law firm should I go with a case about losing money in stock investments
Patents and 'wild' organisms
Do complaints under the Privacy Act of 1974 need to be made in local court first?
What is it called when a petitioner in a civil case asks for ruling on a point of law?
Can a separation agreement finalized in a California court be overturned by a Canadian (BC) Court?
Could the FBI take action against me for owning a pirated game?
What happens when 2 laws conflict each other?
Would public chat servers be considered public spaces or communications, for recording purposes?
What're the drawbacks of uniformising the names of Canada's Superior Provincial Courts?
Is an employee of a company personally liable if they violate the law on behalf of the company?
Can a non-insurance company create a financial "float" like insurance companies do?
What U.S. Constitutional or statutory authority gives Congress the right to pre-empt state law?
If your friend takes you against your will is it still Kidnapping
Why *must* a defendant be present during a criminal trial?
Is trial courtroom layout prescribed by rule or law?
Enforcement/development of state statutes
What if after a patent is awarded, someone proves they invented it earlier?
What are techniques used in law to robustly incentivize people to tell the truth?
Would I have a reasonable cause of action to consider suing a science centre for violating disability rights law?
Trailer Park Management Regularly Tows Cars From Private Driveways
Legality regarding PCSO's using speed camera
Do we have attempted fraud laws like we have attempted murder?
Is "No, I got your IDs" a valid reason to hold individuals during a voluntary stop?
Can a tax debt owed to an EU country cause me any trouble in another EU country?
Can one still smoke (e-cigarettes) when smoking is prohibited?
Is it legal to track a scammer's IP address?
"Reward" for each biological child in prenup agreement?
Can I legally sell a software add-on package I have developed?
GDPR - reCAPTCHA with user's consent?
If in a country it's allowed to be sold a product with a harmful chemical, is the government or state legally responsible for it?
Can a developer have access to live data within GDPR?
Is it moral and legally-diligent to pay taxes in the US?
Why Offer Arbitration Opt-Out
Can a sibling contest a life insurance policy?
What potential alternatives could replace plea bargaining?
How does shareholders' limited liability work in practice?
Am I responsible for my spouse's careless behavior?
How much ocean does a person with a beachhouse own and what can he do with it?
Compulsory counterclaim rule in states of USA
Under what circumstances may companies require consumers to agree to secret terms?
Was defamation legal in Russian empire in the 19th century?
Can Congress legislate the structure of court rulings?
Is reverse engineering by catching network traffic fully legal in Poland?
Tenant Laws Regarding Parking
How do users / members have to be notified of a change in terms and conditions?
Is it really an abduction if the protest or resistance ends before the "victim" is "released"?
Does one need to be FCA authorised to charge interest on a loan to a friend?
Breach of Contract
Is it justifiable to disarm a policeman who is tasing an unhealthy person?
Is it kidnapping if the resisting stops
Is it illegal to use a proxy chain in the UK?
Can I file a GDPR "request to be forgotten" on behalf of someone else?
UK corporate law: Can I move my brand to another company?
GDPR liability for Web Designer
Damages for repudiation of contract before the work was commenced
Are open-source developers protected to a greater extent from liability in the event of security breach involving their software?
Do cookie banners need to change for GDPR compliance?
Marrying an immigrant and siging a prenup
How public a speech be so that it's in range of Indonesian anti blasphemy laws?
Is there a recorded instance of Canada refusing to enforce a USA court order?
Can the subsidiaries of a holding company each operate under the same dba name?
Does an Internet Service Provider rewriting TCP traffic to prevent SSL/TLS constitute wiretap?
Health Care Legal Parents But Prevent Representation
How do opt-outs impact enforceability of an arbitration clause?
Legal aspects of Firebase Crashlytics SDK
Our company shipped product to an address that the recipient just moved from
GDPR and online forms: how to prove that the data owner opted in?
Does GNU General Public License Persist When Changing Source Code Language
Investigative charges
Can a person be compelled to testify against themself in a civil trial?
How can you get back intellectual property from a bankrupt startup?
In what order do collateral and guarantees pay off a defaulted loan or bond?
Is a single electronic document that contains separate untitled and unnumbered sections “one contract”?
Is it legal to litter in international waters?
How does the CLOUD Act apply for non-US persons' data stored on US-owned servers outside the USA?
Can an apartment contractually prohbit tenants from saying certain words?
Is a security guard at an IRS office legally allowed to demand to see my cell phone?
Am I entitled to information that the DMCA claimant is taking a legal action against me within 10 business days after receiving counter DMCA notice?
Manager asks for car keys. Is this illegal?
What are the laws on using a company's logo in a graphic design course?
Is it possible for non-EU companies to avoid GDPR regulatory issues through filters and firewalls?
Would a business that has no office in EU still have to worry about GDPR, and if so, why?
How does the gdpr apply to software houses/companies and call centres?
Would GDPR affect my own personal website?
Can my user agreement require end users to indemnify me for misuse of their data by third-party services embedded in my app?
What potential litigation could a corporation face if you made your personal phone number public on social media?
What are the 5th Amendment Rights of Minor Students with respect to School Resource Officers?
What is the legal status of challenging polyamory prohibition in USA?
Could jury instructions reasonably be viewed as a kind of expert witness testimony?
How to tell which state governs the "Terms and Conditions" of my website?
Can You Be Prosecuted Under US Law for Counterfeiting Foreign Currency?
Who is the data controller of users' data of a SaaS platform?
Are you liable to your email signature regardless of email address?
Did my girlfriend rape me? Sexual assault? Nothing?
Can I sublease my apartment without my co-tenants approval in Indiana
When is it Illegal to Lie in Inter-Personal Relationships?
Can you be legally compelled to disclose your password in a criminal investigation?
Disputing "average value" for insurance total losses
When a U.S. Attorney files charges, does this mean it is automatically filed on behalf of the DoJ?
Can an employer force a salaried employee to take a sick day if employee has worked 40 hours?
Interpretation of lease automatic renewal terms
Private renting: landlord asking me release the deposit early
What is the punishment for misusing Aadhar card details in India.?
Legal syntax question in the Canadian Copyright Act
can lawyers/senate public commitee meetings ask questions which might be covered by NDA's
UK - Does an employer need to complete a right to work check for a volunteer?
If someone under investigation is told they are not a "Criminal Target", what are the ways that they can later become one?
Do hospitals have to provide wheelchairs to patients and visitors?
Would a spouse of a medical marijuana patient be allowed to own guns?
Can I be sued for violating an NDA if I refund what I was paid?
Can a passport copy be notarized using subscribing witness jurat?
Is it legal to publish information about companies on my website?
Termination condition in an NDA
What information about a person are private and what are public?
Character, Record and Associations = Evidence?
Why do tech companies have an easier time avoiding taxes than non tech companies?
Germany: Does a github.io hosted site require imprint / data privacy statement according to the GDPR?
Which companies use personal data
What is your liability if you hit a super expensive car?
Lease Terminated, Tenant Has Not Moved Out Yet and Cannot Pay Rent
Indemnification clause in effect, but indemnified party refuses to cooperate
Can a landlord enter common rooms, in a house that is leased individually room by room, without notice?
How could a mistrial trigger double jeopardy in the O.J. Simpson murder trial?
How does SE's arbitration clause hold up under the GDPR?
How should I notify Human Resources of revocation of consent to a background check?
How do I attribute an unknown artist of an image
What can happen if the US President has violated campaign finance laws?
Can HTML formatting be copyrighted?
In Texas, can a single roommate sign a lease renewal that is binding for all roommates?
Why do tech companies incorporate in Ireland instead of Seychelles?
Why was Ahok convicted of blasphemy when so many similar cases are around?
Is the law in Indonesia adversarial?
GDPR and logging which user accessed which personal information
Who is legally responsible for my lost package?
Is it legal to live in the woods in the USA?
Is recording of other people in a work context without permission legal in Romania?
Do hospitals have to provide wheelchairs at the entrance to patients and visitors?
If mathematical equations are not patentable, why are algorithms patentable?
Trademark Protection for Domain Names
Does German law have an equivalent of the "plain meaning rule"?
What's the legal state of a data learnt from open-source datasets?
User consent required under GDPR
Will GDPR (EU law) make bad practices in security illegal?
Does modifying/improving a patented device extend the rights of the original patent in any way?
Security deposit
Creating and then selling artwork that was derived from a song.. copyright infingement?
Question about rent and whether this is a contract
Fallout/pollution as act of war?
Are companies allowed to lie about "offer expires in X days!!"
Should offline users of an online video game be forced to accept ToS?
Oracle Java SE 8 release updates after January 2019
Immunity to prosecution vs multiple jurisdiction
Does this usage fall under "fair use"?
Are internet forum posts considered personal data under GDPR?
Party Wall Act - unclear interpretation of party fence wall definition?
Is the usual contract writing style being questioned and a radically new one proposed?
What happens if husband and wife want to give their surnames to a child and won't compromise?
GDPR - Withdrawn user consent
If a tenant is moving out before the end of the lease, do they have final say over who is the new subtenant?
Council "misplaced" copy of contract - is this a data protection breach (UK)?
US Copyright registration questions + Non-US citizen
Picture of a receipt from a Doctor
We think a former employee stole our code and started his own company with it. What can we do?
Can I include problem statements when posting exercise solutions to Code Review?
I live outside of Europe. If I gain e-Residency in Estonia, will I be protected by GDPR regulations?
Redacted emails from public records request
Working in high school while concurrently enrolled
Is i-doser legal in Singapore?
Can UK stores charge VAT for goods sold to customers outside the EU?
Dual Citizenship for Adults in Germany
How does GDPR affect me if I am processing 3rd Party Data for My IOS App?
Is destroying a mailbox a felony?
Is there a rule for hospitals to hold child birth certificate if bill is not paid?
Force third party to delete ssn from database
What happens if you have to turn up at two or more courts at once?
Legality of online publishing of public records containing home addresses of large #'s of people?
In BC can landlords charge to renew a lease?
Fair use of software in school
Is it illegal to perform wifi hacks on your own home network using tools like WiFiPhisher, Aircrack, and Wireshark?
GDPR - What's classed as an opt in for Google Analytics cookie and do I need to do it?
GDPR - Is having a PDF with fields to fill out classed as data?
what's the legal basis for Turbosquid claiming to be exclusive channel for Ford 3D model distribution?
GDPR: are faces always considered identifiable information?
Requirements for using email as evidence
Is it possible to discriminate in hiring if you never advertise?
Is there a (EU) law that a written contract has to be in a certain language?
Is there such a thing as "indirect" defamation?
Is it legal to force a atheist student to read a prayer in a Church of England UK academy?
Is it illegal to intentionally design a social network that can't comply with right-to-be-forgotten (and possibly other laws)?
Would this breach copyright on Dr Who?
Does a community-made project using data from a games API need to adhere to GDPR?
Citation when trying to go to the mechanic to fix the flat tire
What is the charge if you erase digital information that was subpoenaed?
Is spitting in Singapore Sink illegal?
Where do personal blogs stand with lawsuits?
Home insurance was never signed by homeowner
Sleeping in a car whilst intoxicated
Can the mother of a child keep the father's name off of the child's birth certificate?
Is it likely that I will be able to use short (1 second) video clips in my mobile app?
Does a new contract supersede identical old contract?
What were Jury consideration when convicting Bill Cosby?
Can a screenshot from a Youtube (standard license) video be used on Wikipedia?
Using Qt with LPGL license for a revenue generating, non-distributed private project
Does the UK allow someone to opt out the full electoral register?
What can I do about this tree?
Copying documentation and images from apache2 license
Is a fraudster liable for losses in this situation?
Why aren't Lord and Lady abbreviated?
GDPR Retention - Secondary Database
Visiting Texas would I have the right to defend myself with a Texas residents firearm whom I'm staying with?
Do Github Projects by Germans Require an "Imprint" (Link) in their Readme?
Are business owners liable for harm inflicted by homeless spikes?
Supreme Court Case Online Materials Missing Information
How do I copyright songs under "Creative Commons?"
Russian firm charged in election interference case pleads not guilty - "speedy trial"?
Website Privacy Policy: Include link to internet host's policy?
Gross Receipt Service Returns
Can we collect data from minors to operate a competition with a prize?
Can a childless home owner living in rich neighborhood pay property tax to poor school districts?
Details on federal appeal options
Is Apple abusing its position with iOS by requiring MacOS to build apps?
Trying to ecape a hostage situation that is under police control
Can you provide free technical services to Iranians from America?
Legal Meaning of "Embarrassing"
Using Personal data before consent
To what extent does an artwork copyright protect against real life 3D replicas of objects in a video game?
Can I sell computer source code that I reuse in other applications that I still sell?
Indemnification clauses and liability regarding use of information?
Is it illegal for a family member to withhold an adult's U.S. passport?
Why is it illegal to annoy someone via electronic communication in Massachusetts?
Are businesses in Wisconsin required to accept waste oil?
What is a "Reserved" clause in a contract? (letter of engagement)
Mistake in our lease
Must Cops Read Rights to Spouse?
If I poop in a box and mail it to someone, what charges could I face?
Can I use the rating of different restaurants from different websites like Yelp on my own website?
Why is sports gambling not considered interstate commerce?
If I am employed in Ireland and move to Germany for more than 6 months, can I be taxed on previously-taxed income?
Is it legal to approach a threatening situation openly carrying a firearm?
Changing My Full Name in Cyprus
Media use of Facebook/Twitter images
Can I amend boilerplate contracts by mail?
GDPR - A mobile App that allows user to store media do we have to option user consent?
What recourse do I have if I can't meet a tight deadline to complete on a house purchase?
GDPR - If am am allowing user to post on twitter and Facebook from my IOS app?
Small claims EU to US
Would there be anything wrong with writing a program to pull Google Flights data?
HOA forcing family to pay for facilities which we are prohibited to use
Why does "Day 1" of the 20-day response time limit for FOIA requests begin the day AFTER agency receipt of a request?
Do I need a star's permission to write a fiction TV series inspired but not exactly as his life?
Should email addresses be anonymized/pseudonymized under GDPR?
Is it illegal to create a computer virus?
Parent company GDPR compliance
Citation when trying to go to the mechanic to fix the flat tire. Part 2.
Can I refuse to turn over my digital devices at the border?
Can a journalist publish emails sent to him/her by a diplomat at a foreign country's embassy, obtained while undercover, without infringing copyright?
Is it possible for a publicly accessible, personal blog to make use of the personal use exception of the GDPR?
Is modifying a contract after purchase bait and switch?
Is creating a new operation system that is capable of running windows/mac/linux programs legal?
Who can I turn to to have a newspaper article removed from the internet?
Long haul truck driver was not paid for his job
GDPR: Receiving marketing as precondition for receiving a free service, legitimate interest?
GDPR: Detecting duplicate accounts in online services with customer data
What is the maximum number of times someone could be tried for a single crime in the USA?
How to satisfy GDPR's consent requirement for IP logging?
Data Subject Rights under GDPR
Laws regarding amateur chemistry sets for lawful and safe exploration of science
What legally happens if the person being sued cannot pay the amount owed. (Special Case)
Can one claim unclaimed poultry living on their property?
US Limit for donations via cryptocurrencies to individuals and giving new tokens in exchange?
Signing Declaration
Does GDPR apply to internal employees data?
Legality Of Robo Calling Robocallers
Modify firmware on purchased device to improve security
If I consume cannabis and walk across the state line, can I get arrested?
Private license within copyleft
Is it still legal to include an invitation based service in a program after GDPR?
Can you be shot in "self-defense" for attempting to disarm someone?
Can I display an ad on YouTube channel(borderline pretending they are a sponsor)?
Revocation or cancellation of declared divided
Can I name a company e.g. "Nike" in a piece of art such as a game?
In Oregon, when can by landlord deduct carpet cleaning from my deposit?
Opt Out Consent under GDPR
failure to ID in the state of Texas
Can a doctor from one country prescribe medicine to a person in another country?
Are server-logs reckoned as storing of personal data by website (GDPR)?
How is this not attempted murder?
Can one create a computer program that enhances the usability of third party websites?
Can you record a public school official with or without their consent?
What is the legal mechanism by which the GDPR might apply to a business with no presence in the EU?
DMCA disclaimer's impact on hosted material
Copyright problems with private courses with my name footprinted on it
Free and informed consent for medical test
GDPR - Do I have to log user's IP after consent for a cookie?
Can anonymized data be collected under GDPR without consent?
Charges from wireless company after cancelling account
GDPR and local data storage in mobile app
Is it breach of contract if dismissed before starting work?
Can a government's open data license include a provision to not allow use that damages the "honor or reputation" of their agency as a moral right?
Can a worker lose his pension if fired?
GDPR: what can I record about website visitors?
Right to get a copy of information held on one by private company in Australia
Could a Judge or Attorney General or Similar Start a New 9/11 investigation?
Would these contractual terms stand up in a court of law (US)?
GDPR privacy policy - Data controller vs Data processor
Does GDPR apply to announcement/technical emails?
Can a contract be cancelled/rescinded after both parties have signed it but not in effect yet?
GDPR, email lists, a few email subscribers in the EU
Can a presidential pardon be overruled?
GPDR Soft opt-in requirements for pre-GDPR customers
What legal options exist to enforce strict compliance with parenting agreements?
Patent Claims: software vs machine taxonomy classification
Is it rape if it is a woman on a girl?
What is the legal status of civil unions in Poland
Patent Application Due-Diligence
Returning to US on F1 STEM OPT while EB-1B/EB-2 NIW is in process
Is it illegal to create a scenario in which someone could inflict violence on another person, if said person had volunteered as part of the scenario?
How long can my girlfriend stay over at my place despite not being on the lease?
Am I required to render medical aid when off-duty if I am a doctor?
Must I report a car accident to the police?
Legal remedy for car being held hostage in a parking garage?
Is the measurement for system characterization an "abstract idea"?
Is the GDPR applicable to data stored in human memory?
Cookie compliance with GDPR when cookies don't collect the PII?
Does a citizen have to open the door to UK police if they do not give a reason?
Is it legal to impersonate an abstract lawyer?
Letting agent lying (UK)
Do I have to declare my cameras to the CNIL?
Are "Dry humping" and "Molesting" the same thing?
How do you laws apply through internet regarding the different countries?
Autoresponders and GDPR - do they comply with the law?
European nexus into U.S. through Google product?
Is the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 included in the United States Code? Why can't I find §4201?
Is the Justice System Fundamentally Flawed?
Are hobby projects exempt from GDPR?
Android Application: Is purchaseToken defined under GDPR as PII?
Could an international tribunal or the United Nations suphoena members of the former USA goverment because of 9/11?
Gathering data about individuals from a different individual under GDPR - can you give away other peoples personal data?
Can private institutions fire employees without concern for the First Amendment?
What happens to SARs recieved before the 25th May?
Can a data controller change their privacy policy without explicit consent?
Can you libel the dead?
May I perform medical experimentation on myself without licensure?
Is it illegal to yell "fire" in a crowded theatre?
What is the minimum information required to specify a person in a will?
Is requesting waiving the right to deletion of contributions against GDPR?
Could the USA be banned from the United Nations?
Can gateways be added to public information?
Is it legal to use a surveillance system in the private area of a rented home?
Do I have to send one of those emails after updating my privacy policy for GDPR?
Under GDPR, can I request to be forgotten and re-register for a trial?
If I sold my invention to a company, can I create a new version based on it?
Can I request companies to give me all the data they have on me when I'm visiting a country in the EU?
How is it legal for a hospital to put two patients together in the same room in the US?
In the US, at what age can a child refuse to attend a religious service mandated by their parent?
Are diary studies and tree testing exempt from getting Office of Management and Budget approval under the Paperwork Reduction Act
Does GDPR affect individual contributor license agreements for opensource projects?
GDPR: Are Anticheat Logs personal data?
Explanations for GDPR if no personal data is collected?
How can clicking on "I agree with ..." have any legal weight?
What would be the default speed limit for a highway in Texas in this case?
Does the law provide for any defense or help for defense in civil family cases?
Do accelerators or incubators help to getting visa?
Under English law is it permissable to be arrested for one thing but charged with another?
Do aggregated personal data fall under GDPR personal data rules?
Is taking an injured person to a hospital without their consent kidnapping?
GDPR Right to erasure vs mailing list archive?
How to challenge a DMCA takedown without putting yourself at risk?
Can I sue an app for enabling harassment?
Is consuming, reposting and commenting revenge porn illegal?
Is it illegal to post an "owner is armed" sign in Canada?
What counts as material or non-material damage under the GDPR?
What is the precise number of black racial groups of Africa?
AddEstablishing an easement in UK
Can a company receive a payment and never provide the paid service?
Is it still a contract even if it is described by a party as "not a contract" even if adhesion law applies between multiple parties?
Copyright and Encrypted Backups
With GDPR, can you request 'real life data' be deleted/forgotten?
Under GDPR Data Processing Officer's email address bounces - what to do?
Rent cheque was stolen from landlord and cashed in - whose money is lost?
GDPR and forums: "Lawfulness of processing" email addresses used only for providing the service
Does the GDPR enforce an age restriction?
According to GDPR, do I need a contract for processing on behalf with my e-mail provider?
Is it illegal to order food and then not pay for it when it arrives?
Does section 2870 of the California Labor Code apply if my employer has headquarters in California but I do not work there?
Required data entry seemingly against GDPR
Is it legal for a vending machine (company) to offer additional purchase options after currency has been inserted?
Is it consider rape if the girl doesn't understand what is happening?
Can I start a business in California without being a resident and without a physical location?
Is Facebook's new cookie banner GDPR compliant?
Can code logic be copyrighted?
Why annul instead of divorce?
Under what conditions can an Asian company access Database hosted by a British company containing data of European citizens?
Can I request a copy of my password hash with GDPR?
Are date ranges in contracts inclusive or exclusive?
Is "By clicking Continue you accept T&C" an unambiguous consent in context of GDPR
Using copyrighted material falsely advertised as Creative Commons or public domain (in U.S.)
Just how different is the legal situation in Germany under GDPR compared to previously with respect to running a website?
How are terms in poor English enforced?
"Right of access by the data subject" if the IP address is the only personal data
What are the legal requirements in the United States for being recognized under federal law as "white" or a "white" person?
Offering GDPR privacy policy for voice mail?
Is it legal to ride in the open bed of a pickup truck?
Can I sue a Canadian company in the USA?
What bodies of laws protect against the disclosure of private encryption keys?
Is this PDF book legal?
Which law requires a pharmacist to be present in every pharmacy?
Is it legal to sell Pokémon?
Are schools required to disclose accurate results of random drug searches?
Asbestos Containing Material in Toronto apartment
Is throw-away-the-key-encryption allowed under GDPR?
Under what conditions can a married couple not be considered (or be considered) co-defendants?
When stolen property is illegally seized, must it be returned to the party which stole it?
UK, Office of National Statistics, personal or organisational right to deny data requests
Can you charge someone with perjury during a traffic stop
Can a landlord renege on a verbal rent agreement made by former staff?
Does the GDPR cover / apply to (in any way) photography at a workplace event?
Do web applications as hobby projects need to comply with the GDPR?
GDPR vs. Copyright for a recommendation letter
What is meant by a litigant insuring a judge's life?
Do marketing emails require consent?
Is being dead considered a valid alibi?
GDPR and two-party communications
Is it legal to send encrypted messages via a post card?
Legal Status of Selective Service Records Regarding Conscientious Objection
Specificity of GDPR's right of erasure
Can you sue someone for online harassment if you agreed to it?
Daughter dies at party
In GDPR, who exactly are the processors and what do they have to do?
Landlord Asking Me to Pay for Weather Damage
Is it allowed to Psuedonym or Soft delete the User Records in a highly complex User centric Software under GDPR?
Legal Alien Eligible for Medicare Without Working in US
Can you advertise against another product using domain names?
GDPR Compliance: Do all Cookies require Opt-In?
"Commercial use" clarification
Do I own copyright in a recording I just made?
Inverse condemnation case law in Virginia
Distribute Sysinternals free console program with my shareware application?
Is it illegal for the US government to compete with private industry?
What can I do about angry drivers as a bicyclist?
Requesting police report and criminal applications
Are Michael Cohen's False Statements About the Law Grounds for Disbarrment?
Strata corporation installing keyless entry system and logging entrance times/dates
In California is it legal to offer less to a senior developer than a non-senior developer
Do data privacy requirements apply to watch lists and sanctions lists?
What's the difference between "GDPR" "Privacy Shield" and "Safe Harbor"?
Can I ask for damages based on the financial risk I have to take to hire a lawyer?
How to report Airbnb income in tax return?
Teaching offer rescinded by principal - any recourse?
Russian bank calling Russian citizen who is tourist in EU - GDPR issues
Paid apartment complex full month's rent on the 29th. 2 days later on the 1st I was asked to pay an additional full month
Would it be legal to copy a small passage from a book to a website for language teaching purposes?
Sharing music BOUGHT from Amazon Music?
Can I use trademarked names as example phrases in a commercial language learning app?
Does one have the right to an eviction notice period (ordentliche Kündigung) in this situation?
Public vs Private sidewalk in city
Why do Acts of the UK Parliament still start with a lengthy bombastic sentence?
Handling a GDPR subject access request when using google analytics?
Can the terms of service contain a clause that instructs a user to forfeit their rights under the GDPR?
Description of 3rd party cookies in the privacy policy for GDPR compliance?
Can online business in one country deny access via terms of service to entities in another country?
What right do I have to use images of products which are published on the manufacturer's website?
Facebook blocked my account until I consent to their new privacy policy under GDPR. If I consent now, will I be able to withdraw my consent later?
Is overselling breach of contract or mistake?
What defines animal cruelty?
Can I trademark a logo that contains a font licensed under SIL OFL?
(UK)Freelance work on a student visa
Is it legal to crawl news from any website, maintaining a link to their news?
Does the UK have a legal precedent for "inherence" with refunding digital goods (& associated contracts)?
GDPR. Where to store users consent?
Must a natural spring be disclosed when buying a house?
Is sewage in Maryland, USA a utility and what protections come with that?
Overturning a presidential pardon and double jeopardy
Can a person be held responsible for a breach of contract by another person?
What did Colorado say in Masterpiece Cakeshop, Ltd. v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission that Kennedy found to be "neither tolerant or respectful"?
Legal requirements to build exercise equipment?
state statute violate 4th
Can a USA president pardon him/her self?
Can I disobey a police order if I have reason to believe that to obey would put my life in imminent danger?
GDPR: Subscribing for advertisments using an email that a user does not own.
Are there any criteria in india to register a land for specific purpose?
Waiver of liability: can I be required to waive an institution from liability from its negligence?
What prosecution can one expect for violation of information privacy principles in New Zealand?
Is brute forcing the password of an encrypted file legal?
Construction Contracts: Who retains the hardcopy?
Can I have my personal information redacted from evidence in a case that doesn't directly involve me?
Is it legal to provide online therapy outside of your country?
What are the implications of the Good Friday Agreement for customs controls?
Excluding all people from the EU from my blog - is this allowed?
Does data that is anonymized need to be collected in the event of a GDPR Subject Access Request?
Private Website and copyright/GDPR
Why do UK universities publish their financial statements online?
How do I challenge a public transport fine when I was never there at the time? And suspect a scam
Compensation for custody awaiting trial resulting in acquittal?
What does Recital 13 in GDPR make exempt?
Why does the Masterpiece Cakeshop opinion keep citing the age of the incident?
Can a landlord refuse to use my 1099 as a proof of income because of its source?
Ownership of the roads the people paid to have built
Who is at fault in an illegal transaction?
Could GitHub change its ToS to change ownership over the code?
GDPR - first party analytics cookies
Do i have to disclose all processors to my controller? EU-GDPR
Is murder in Washington, DC pardonable by the President?
Can a city legally force a homeowner to remove their garden?
I have multiple Gift Cards for a retailer but they refuse to let me apply more than one per order. Is this legal?
Using a company's logo for a simulated experience in a classroom
What to do after a car reported stolen is found by the owner?
international small claims Canada USA
Is accepting to receive emails as part of user terms legal in GDPR?
Is there any chance to get a loan back from someone in another country? (Loanee is in Ireland, Lender in Netherlands)
Swedish Government and GDPR
Ecommerce website not registred as a company
Can the police require you to sit if you are not under arrest
Are GDPR-Walls legal?
Determining a serial felon's status
Is placing the burden of proof on the accused illegal?
Defamation via people finder websites
To what extent would a civil court defer to a criminal court (jury) decision?
Cyberstalking and RateMyProfessors.com
What does "reasonable" mean?
Is my record still clean?
Is the LIHTC assistance program exempt from the lawful source of income discrimination?
Acquisition of land by the government
GDPR vs ICANN WHOIS
How is sentencing determined for involuntary manslaughter with multiple victims?
What contracts have to be in writing?
Vienna Contract on Road Traffic - can I take my E-Bike (Moped) abroad?
Domain name registered by co-founder's friend
Why do the litigants leave their paperwork as they exit on Judge Judy?
Can I create a second company to get rid of my partners (in this case)?
Restrictions on advertising new products to existing customers
Is it legal to sell holidays back to employer in UK
Arrests in absense of extradition?
Is is possible to be prosecuted for lying about race on the US Census?
Legal to verify identity using only a specific form of ID?
Can I force my wife to have a DNA test on a child?
Is answering a question you are not sure about under oath perjury?
Use deadly force while under the influence?
Requesting money so they won't go through insurance, but they already have
Where to host depositions?
Is it Legal to Incorporate the name of a defunct publication in a new publication?
Deducing and using an email address under GDPR
Is Google's privacy policy compliant with GDPR for the data processing agreement between a controller and a processor?
Apartment roof keeps leaking in the same spot even after it's been "fixed"
For GDPR compliance, what documents or contracts need to contain a list of processors or sub-processors?
What are the various legal roles along the line of POA
What are the laws for ventilation in bathrooms in NJ rental units?
Privacy concerns regarding my data on a website
How can huge company mergers that kill all competition be legal?
GDPR: event registration form and email communications
How to mention a possibility of litigation/prosecution without accidentally making a "demand with menaces", in English criminal law?
Who can claim ownership of pirated goods?
Can the executor of a will be the sole beneficiary?
Clause in contract - is there a law protecting me from a landlord abusing it?
GDPR - Can I store domain names?
Is it ILLEGAL to download voyeuristic pornographic videos from websites?
Is AirBnb synonymous with Subletting
GDPR - Do we need to give individual mixed personal data of 2 individuals? (Right of access)
If I take a photo with my Android phone of a tree to use it as a texture in a video game, who does the copyright belong to?
Two concurrent contracts, both "Entire Agreements"
Is it legal to name open-source software after established entities? (Bands, video game characters, etc.)
Someone copied and published content from my blog post - is this legal?
What, if any, accomodations does a landlord need to make while HVAC is broken?
Can I include sample code in my own program without breaching copyright rules?
House Contract law
Public Trespass
Mom paid for a will, what does the payment cover?
How to prevent potential employer from stealing an idea persented in an interview without giving credit?
GDPR - Is consent really necessary for contact form?
GDPR, is scrolling the page can mean cookie acceptance?
Can someone claim copyright infringement after-the-fact?
Metropolitan District vs HOA in Colorado?
What is the process for obtaining an anonymous internet poster's identity for a civil lawsuit?
Filming my kids
In which states can railroad companies take land in eminent domain?
Dirty Apartment 3 day notice to cure breach or quit San Diego, CA
Music Downloading Laws
GDPR and a cell phone paid through work?
Establishing legal ownership of intangible property under technical control by an individual or 3rd party
Is it legal/ethical to ask my employer to make a deduction from my salary to reimburse me for an expense?
How do sanctions apply to intellectual property and copyright infringement
Collect a tap fee in an HOA
Isn't "upskirting" illegal in the UK? Why?
Can a school district install video surveillance only for specific teachers?
unregulated or illegal
Could one legally duplicate a commercial product's design for their own personal use?
Why might Eric Abramovitz not be able to collect his damages from Jennifer Lee?
Who is responsible for posts on Internet forums, particularly in Russia?
Safeguarding Suggestions?
Is it possible to refuse offering service to GDPR-protected customers?
What actual speed limit applies if a temporary low speed sign is placed on only a high speed express lane?
What monetary award can be received when a bureau is negligent to punishing their officers?
California Legal Ethics: Attorney Bringing On Co-Counsel w/o Client Knowledge?
Copyright of country/region names for fiction
If I don't want to patent something, what can I do to ensure the patent office doesn't unintentionally grant the patent to someone else?
What organs can hospital patients not take home?
Who can investors sell to under Rule 144?
A teacher at my college is being threatening towards my friend, is it illegal to catch him in the act with audio?
Can a settlement agreement include a provision that prevents the claimant from returning to the premises owned by the defendant?
Does my employer have to pay redundancy when my contract takes me over two years service?
Using two last names after marriage to reduce document updates
Is that illegal to settle with money?
Can you "make" an insurer fix a total loss vehicle?
Legalities of using Trademarked Fictional Names for products
Reeses "Game Changer" commercial: Copyright infringement
How to include a large number exhibits
Can a Secret Service detail protect their charge against law enforcement?
Can a signature be valid without a name datum associated with it?
Class notes -- who owns the copyright: student or teacher?
Where can I find a list of companies that aggressively sue over copyright infringement?
Can I copy & paste an entire article from Medium if it's written by me?
Is one liable if illegal material is found on one's own server?
Plea Deals and Pardon
Using a franchise images in my own website
Which companies need to comply with Sarbanes Oxley?
Why do my lawyers want to keep copies of our green cards?
If police don't know which apartment has criminal evidence, can they search all of them?
New York funeral arrangements
Are there countries that prohibit charging interest?
Are UK Tier 4 visa holders permitted to have royalty income?
Can a jury find guilt based mainly on "mens rea?"
Guidelines on insulting U.S. state flags
Can I use Avenir Next (a font built-in to iOS) on an iOS app?
Are employers liable for employee safety if the workplace is declared a "gun free" zone?
GDPR - am I a data controller as an app owner if I do not have access to the data?
Is the formalism "I put you on notice" important, in UK law, or can a less formal wording be equivalent?
Can a paratransit company refuse to reimburse you even if you had a medical situation?
Do fonts integrated in the browser need licensing?
Can apartment management terminate leases over a rule tenants never signed?
Under GDPR, does an EU citizen have a right to their American data?
Software Vendor Renewal Messages Legality
Can a Union CBA circumvent Right to Work?
Does federal law require people criminally prosecuted to be in federal jail?
USPTO: Intent to Use Trademark Registration
Can I legally "kick my kids out the door as soon as they are 18 years old"?
Get access to an account of someone living abroad
Is the WTFPL globally valid?
What is the legal interpretation of "As satisfied by" in this passage?
Effect of SCOTUS sales tax decision on origin-tax states
Party is refusing to cooperate with the court. How do I proceed without a lawyer?
Is modifying a song's audio using youtube's Phase Vococer to slow it down to 0.25% a copyright violation?
Do I have copyright over the code I write in my Computer Science class
How do platform sites ensure their users do not abuse forwarded user data?
Mistake of Law: Requisite of Intent - Distinguishing Nuance
Is it legal (fair use) to use lyrics as part of a personal project?
Could one buy a whole country?
I would like to opt out of owning guns
Is this service legal?
Is it possible to renounce your right to divorce
Is there a fine for no health insurance 2017
Is it legal to collect reviews/ratings about people and show it on website?
Is hash of a username still personal data?
What happens after a border conviction?
Is illegally crossing the U.S. border a "serious" crime?
Can a nation A stop nation B from issuing visas to citizens of nation A?
Evil mother filed missing person report after kicking out adult daughter. Any way to dismiss it?
Liability for neighbor injured on my property
Collect HOA fees at closing
GDPR for dummies: can I track anonymous data? can I track how many people accept / refuse my new cookie policy?
When does a stolen item become a lost/abandoned item?
Do companies have the right to demand proof of being present in the EU before executing a GDPR request?
At what point do immigrants acquire the right to due process
Legal status of an ongoing situation pending an appeal
In Australia can you take Personal leave to look after a sick child or partner?
I am an American about to marry a Russian girl in Russia. Do I need a pre-nup?
At what I age could I sign a contract in Europe?
my landlord won't let me in on the day my tenancy begins, is this legal?
Do section titles in a contract have to end in a period?
Why are the promises President Trump made on the travel ban not relevant to determine whether the executive order itself is constitutional?
Is social security constitutionally protected public debt?
When will a passport be needed to go the UK from the EU?
Does being in DHS custody awaiting criminal prosecution count as “time served”?
Recruiter forwarding freelancer's profile without consent
Can a European bank mandate employees to have a deposit account into which salary is paid
Paying salary back after leaving the company
Can I disclose terms of a settlement when I don't accept it?
Were laws broken, can I use in civil or small claims?
US Criminal law - what if the appeal moves blame from one defendant to another?
Is my father a dual citizen of Venezuela?
When is a trial considered to have happened vis-a-vis double jeopardy?
How does Judge Sabraw’s injunction on family separation impact the Flores consent decree?
What legal remedies exist when a computer game crashes a computer?
When does a cogeneration plant feed power to the net, according to the german KWK-G 2015?
Does money make it easier to become a naturalized US citizen?
Is it legal for a company to erroneously charge you and refund you in credits?
When two promissory notes represent the same debt, which one is legally valid?
What trademark "goods/services" category is a medical device design and manufacturing company?
Harassment report from a non-US citizen outside the USA
Hiring someone for one time event, employee or contractor?
Child Arrangements Order non-biological relative living arrangements
Who pays rates for property sale/purchase settlement day?
Legal to become president if U.S. adds new state/territories?
Transcrbing Website Articles for the Blind and Copyright Laws
Why was video evidence released after the trial ended in the Daniel Shaver murder case?
Does the knowledge from a Creative Commons licensed work require attribution?
In the United States, can someone take the death penalty for someone else?
Carrying a Sgian Dubh - UK
Is there a “standard template” NDA contract that covers a majority of businesses requiring protection of proprietary information?
GDPR and Query String Variables
Public figure status in Canadian defamation law
Under GDPR, is an image of a person's face a "Special Category Data"?
When a person dies is his estate liable for income taxes on a IRA ( USA)?
Are people born in a foreign embassy on US soil american citizens?
Removal of made public personal information. Privacy laws
legal research question
How to challenge validity of housing inspections in regards to eviction
Is it possible, under the GDPR, to request publicly available information to be taken down from an aggregator?
Inheritance Help
Can I be sued for demanding a refund for a service that was not provided?
Can background screening companies be forced to remove stored personal data under GDPR?
When is the effective date for travel ban?
Can a business unilaterally change a contract?
Inventions Assignment Agreement in California
Is a 60 day move-out notice on month-to-month lease legal? (Texas)
Non-ERISA Fiduciary Responsibility for New York State
What is the common law definition or key elements of "selling" something
What would be required to prosecute a person attempting internet fraud in Nigeria?
Are Phone Number lists with no other personal data allowed under GDPR?
How does Judge Boasberg’s court order affect asylum seekers who crossed the border illegally?
Question about NDA Term
Grounds for Breaking a Lease : Health Risks due to Manager
The Directive on Copyright in the Digital Single Market, also known as EU Copyright Directive and file 2016/0280(COD)
Motion or Demand for Discovery (NY) (Family Law)
How to postpone a hearing? First appearance. (NY) (Family Law)
Can direct payments around the court harm a divorce case?
Is a software license still valid, if it claims copyright for previous years?
Naked in home when landlord is showing my apartment
Developing software under GPLv3 and selling the source code
Can a company legally disable a product on the basis it was acquired fraudulently?
Inheritance D.A.Davidson
What are some good sources for the rights of individual in an international context?
How does one handle Item 57 on I-130 if the beneficiary lives in the US but has a foreign name?
Which has precedence, a purchase policy or an invoice's payment terms?
Does a subpoena's powers extend beyond the entity it is served to
Legalities on summarizing the content of publishers and publishing to our app for readers
Is it possible to get a dog legally classified as livestock to apply defense laws?
What statute requires Apple to offer extended service for vintage products in California?
Is it illegal to throw water or soda on people?
U.S (mississippi?) illegal to write offensive erotic fiction
Can a judge give a direct order to a police officer?
Should I pursue a lawsuit for legal misconduct?
US presidential qualification; 1994 "equal treatment of women in conferring citizenship to children born abroad"
What happens if a sheriff department ignores a writ from a judge?
How can a person get copies of search warrants?
Inheritance Query
Are photographs of portraits of Mozart that are in the public domain free for commercial use?
Does a Company Handbook effectively constitute an extension to the Employment Contract
Erroneous information on cancellation policy
Copyright shakedown
What can I do if police did not record video in car dashcam for a traffic ticket in NJ, USA?
Can Amazon pull money from me?
I'm stealing a water from my roomate
Can a local police officer (or local DA) charge someone with breaking a federal law?
Can a psychotherapist offer lower rates to African-American clients as reparations?
Can a child sell things in a public place without a permit?
Is there anything I can do legally when my daughter lets her boyfriend in our home without our permission?
Is it legal to post my experience about my landlord?
Legal status of sodium pentothal (thiopental) in the United Kingdom
Marketing using GMail
What actions should be taken in order to notify authorities about illegal online activity
Suppose an effective truth serum existed. Could defendants in the following situations have their confessions ruled inadmissable?
My landlord wants me to move out within 30 days for renovation (Virginia), is that legal?
What are the taxes I need to pay for revenues from an online tutoring business based in Washington State?
illegal Towing in apartment complexes
How does title transfer work regarding personal, moveable property?
What is legally citable from printed material such as books and references when I want to reproduce a photograph of a page?
How long do you have to collect a unpaid debt?
Is it legal to inject javascript to the netflix website and publish it?
What protections does Common Law copyright give me?
Company changes its legal name but not that on its staff handbook. Can I ignore the staff handbook?
Can a spouse insist on payout of half of the equity in a home?
Course of action in a criminal case when there is no conceivable defense
Can a company print the wrong Net. Weight on a product?
Re-publish 'dead' articles
Is it possible to find all U.S. federal laws digitized and online?
What if the travel insurance plan document has coverage "editorial" error?
Do I have legal standing to force a website to remove my Personally Identifiable Information (PII)?
Am I violating copyright by sharing photos of pages of books I read or quoting them?
Can a service provider force a price increase?
Getting ripped off by a vending machine
Does a state has jurisdiction over a docked or moored boat?
Could I make a duplicate drivers license that has accurate information?
Is stolen property being seen on my property grounds for a search warrant?
Automated analysis of potentially illegal material using a web spider
3D Printing a gun prototype
Are property taxes attached to the property itself or the owners at the time?
Linux Mint wrt Ubuntu's trademark policy
What is the legal base / requirement (if any) for trade mark notes?
Does the oath to "defend the Constitution" impose any extra responsibility on Judges?
Can someone else register my trading name and stop me from using it?
Is there a difference in a lawyer's liability for "passive" versus "active"negligence?
Possibly admissible professional information or opinion on what constitutes the boundaries of child abuse?
Legality of "tenant negligence" to make tenant pay for repairs
Any solid research on error rate of criminal conviction system: jury vs judges?
How do I let others to share my research paper but without modifying its content?
Copyright issues with sharing music and videos on social media
Can records of custody court cases be searched in NYC? If so by whom?
Copyright Law and Terms and Services
Vocabulary for the outline levels of an SEC rule
GDPR - What exactly should I do to prevent revenue loss?
Is criminal prosecution of asylum seekers who entered the US illegally a violation of the Refugee Convention?
Do we need to show ID when we return items to the shop?
Is a software developer responsible for source code they give away for a tutorial
What if I stored Personally identifiable information (PII) on cloud but with IP restricted environment or using VPN. Will it be GDPR compliance?
EU Consumer Goods Guarantee, who is responsible the Retailer or Manufacturer?
A network of anonymous content sharing
How to remove an entry from Boston Herald database
Am I required to report my Multiple Sclerosis to the DMV?
Shopping for US immigration lawyers: What to ask in consultation?
How do I blow the whistle for discrimination that I'm part of and partially responsible for?
Netflix through a VPN and original account location
How long can someone keep my server?
Is it legal to deny employee reimbursements for meat?
How guaranteed is it that the child abuse info used in a civil custody proceeding would result in criminal prosecution of the abuser?
What does this mean exactly?
Can you legally do medically approved testing on mice?
What are the legal bounds of a "well regulated militia"?
Do I violate a copyright law if I reconstruct the sound effect scenario, but use only my own sounds in it?
Can my landlord take all my deposit
Can you buy rights to airspace in the US?
Can I register a trademark after leaving a company in the UK?
Could the UK "sue the EU" in a way which affects the Brexit settlement?
Can you pursue legal action for a potential user who keeps coming back even after being banned from an internet platform?
Can two LLCs use the same name if they're incorporated in different states?
Would I be infringing on a trademark if my company name is later trademarked?
Is the term "race" defined by Public Law enacted by Congress of the United States
Can a Guardian (parent) force a 17 year old to move out of their house in Colorado?
Does keeping an MD5 hash of user data violate GDPR?
Speed fine in Wyoming (30mph over the limit) - What should I do now?
Can any crime be a federal crime in the US?
What specific criteria must a custom built vehicle meet in order to drive on public roads?
How could the USPS be sued by the architect of Las Vegas' Statue of Liberty?
Where is the "fantasist" defense taught?
Is it murder to kill someone who's just about to die?
Switching sides
difference between 'assigned' and 'endorsed' in this context?
Could a third party revive a dead trademark if another company has unlawfully been using it?
Are plain clothes police officers allowed to use force to make an arrest?
When was pretrial detention first declared constitutional?
Life insurance: Primary vs contingent beneficiary percentage amounts
Would having a lodger be considered letting?
Where is the distinction between libel and publicly voiced opinion?
Could the USA abandon common law?
Why are state income taxes not a violation of Section 9 of the Constitution?
Deposit return after lease is up with multi-renters
Peter Strzok's Text Messages
interpretation of an article
How legally enforceable are documents giving up paternity?
I have stamped H-1B but not yet travelled. Current employer wants to file L-1
Is income tax due when the work is done, or when it is paid?
Will an expunged arrest still show up on a background check?
Is a real life story subject to copyright by those who lived it?
What remedies are there if it was subsequently discovered that a witness lied at trial?
Can you selectively consent to searches?
Am I able to work in Germany but live in an overseas area of France?
'payable in like kind'? 'non-electing' shares?
How do concepts like intent, discrimination, and bias apply to an Artificial Intelligence agent?
Does the United States legally not recognize phds from any specific country?
Is it legal for stores to discrimate against customers based on uniform?
Is it illegal for a fitness center to deny my request for a copy of my contract? Also is it illegal to cancel a membership via phone in Tennessee?
Is altering the manufacture date of anything a fraud?
Filing in Small Claims court
Can you report use of product copy/likeness in video games for compensation?
If someone leaves a scooter from a vehicle sharing service in my yard can I dismantle it?
Are damages in civil cases assessed by the judge or the jury?
Is there any country or state where the intellectual author of a homicide has twice or more the penalty than the physical author?
GDPR which practice is compliant?
Can addressee of lost in post item break the privity of contract between sender and post?
Probate Must Or Bust?
Is it legal or illegal to record my communication with my landlord in public parking area in Canada?
State AG mediation of consumer complaints
Do toll fees have to be indicated ahead of time in the United States to be enforceable?
Can you block the sidewalk in front of your house in a gated community?
Divorce - What to Expect?
Allow people to communicate on an international religious non-commercial website without getting into trouble with GDPR
What does "monitor the behavior of individuals in the EU" mean?
Can an NYC landlord decline to return a lease renewal by alleging (to me) that my signature is forged?
How easy can a divorce be dismissed for lack of jurisdiction?
Finding court cases involving some organization
Landlord never asked for key back, now saying he will deduct from damage deposit cost of changing locks
How well can characters be protected?
Accident involving left turn into private drive and a passing vehicle
Can I sue If I was served a real burger after requesting a veggie burger
Contract and back dated pay
The Kampala Amendments, Germany, and the White Helmets
Is it legal to save a copy of software in public cloud?
Power of Attorney Visa Application
What happens to a contract when company is disolved?
Is this pdf a copyright infringment?
I suspect bait-and-switch selling, what can I do as a consumer?
Know if my page violates any rule or copyright, without risking suspension or closure
Film based on CC BY-SA 3.0 content
How do you draft an NDA for sharing a startup idea and do you need a lawyer to legitimize it?
Effect of Cusco's Constitutional status as the "historical capital" of Peru
Can someone holding a job with access to classifed information travel abroad?
What are UK Business-to-Business rights in regard to inadequate quality customised goods?
Witnessing a theft in France
What legal entity(s) would be best for startup funded by kickstarter or other investment?
Non disparagement agreement with one company name I posted under another company name on LInkedIn
Can the federal government tell San Francisco that they cannot allow non-citizen immigrants to vote
Signed a leased for one room, never moved in. What are my rights?
Is there any grace period for worldwide trademark protection like patent?
Can one reasonably respond to a bogus employer demand letter without a lawyer?
Piercing Corporate Veil in Texas, US
Are publicly available password dumps legal under GDPR
Dead judges deciding votes on cases
Sharing confidential information between two companies
Is one person creating multiple companies with similar names to competitors considered fraud?
How realistic is it to resurrect a dormant C corporation
Are there tax implications in Ohio when giving a house to someone else?
Can I terminate an employee for qualifying for a job through a "degree mill?"
google analytics cookie consent with anonymized ip on
Is a touch screen signature considered an electronic signature?
Can I sue my employer for wrongful firing?
What's considered fair-use when using somebody else's code as reference when coding your own product?
Can a statement of one's beliefs constitute defamation if those beliefs can't be proven true?
Can I lend my car to a friend and leave my handgun under the seat in a cabled lockbox?
What to do if you have a possible 'zombie' relative
why is a person allowed to lie in court and get away with it?
Filing for arbitration in the court of common pleas
Status of the Act for the Protection of the Industries of the Indians of New Mexico
GDPR Compliance - Tell EU users not to sign up
Statutory Basis for Screening Order
What documents and testimony establish identity and what happens if they're lost?
Volunteering Breach of Warranty When Returning Goods
Is doing business where you live all it takes to pierce the corporate veil?
Is it legal to mention famous singer and song title in autobiography?
Can a company refuse service to a share holder?
Disabled fiancée is harassed by her father and I'm a witness. Am I an accomplice from not helping?
What can i do when a ex friend steals my Apple Watch from my home
Shouldn't a legal entity such as the council, which is asking you to respond to one of their letters, include a pre-stamped envelope?
Private car sale agreement with 6 months warranty
Redundancy with no consultation
No gun zone and knock and talk
What role does the person who signs post incorporation paperwork have in the company?
Upcoming Child Support Hearing
Is receiving intimate stimulation while driving illegal?
Is it illegal to broadcast/stream music for non-commercial purposes?
Is a press release a privileged and/or copyrighted document with ownership rights?
Who can legally sign an easement in the event of the death of the land owner?
I am trying to renew my NJ Drivers License
How strict should I be with "to the best of my knowledge"?
A landlord must provide free internet access, can he charge a deposit for the router?
Talking about a crime after a non-disclosure agreement
What are customer laws about clothes warranty in Germany?
How do I get my car repaired when there was no formal contract?
In Washington state, what can beneficiaries of a will do if the executor does not notify them?
Is it lawful to discount products below its cost to sell other products on the same sale?
Vienna Convention on Road Traffic(1968) Letters Only Vehicle Registration Plate
Is it plagiarism to make a parody?
what criteria do 1099 contractors have to be considered employees?
Non-molestation - undertakings - Legal Aid - is it possible to appeal?
Does HIPAA apply to independent doctor with no links to Medicare or other medical organization?
Can I appeal the denial of NY Senator McGee's scholarship after being awarded?
Does the language “willing to take” provide a way to not follow through with a term on a contract?
Do I have the right to ask Github to hide my Contribution activity according to General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Sister living with me, but should my parents pay me?
Is a president bound by employment contracts entered into by one of his predecessors?
Financial Debt Transaction question, Compliance/accounting laws
Canceling gym membership while in recovery
Does a person have legal recourse if a drone is trespassing
How can I provide proof of residency
Is chalk a form of graffiti in Ohio?
Is a text offering to cancel a lease binding?
Profit from a celebrity domain name if I have the same name?
If I lent someone some high amount of money, can I own his house if he does not pay?
Can a police officer ban a person from a public park?
Can my work force me to pay for their compulsory in-house training?
What recourse does an ex-employee have when commission/wages are being withheld by employer?
Work problem and don’t know what to do
Legal Requirements to Register Car in Texas?
Should I trademark brand and product names separately?
Can private schools in CA require a uniform?
Lease dispute, over email and text message
Requirement to disclose information during jury selection
What options does a judge have to control an unruly defendant?
Does a judge receiving information from a provider need to give it to both prosecutor AND defense, in criminal law/cases?
Is it legal to create derivative works of character descriptions from a music album?
What does Gonzales v. Raich mean for property rights?
Can I get my money back from a collections agency if I can prove that the initial company was negligent with notifications?
What is the meaning of “High crimes and misdemeanors”
What does proportionate exactly mean here?
Do the GDPR and Cookie-Law regulations apply to localStorage?
Public defenders not getting discovery evidence in sufficient time, is this Court Misconduct?
Employee rights to access performance data
Will my employers contract hold up in court?
Is it illegal to post a picture of someone without their permission?
Is it illegal to sell tobacco online without a license, and can you grow it on your balcony legally?
Impact on visitations after license is revoked due to failure to pay child support
Can a judge put me under oath for closing statements?
Fictional Character Copyright?
Can I prevent co-owners of my house from making modifications without my consent?
"This provision survives the termination of this Agreement."
Is it legal to open a museum of certain a brand?
In Victoria Australia can you stand out the front of somebody's house and record what is happening inside?
Using GDPR against cold-call marketing emails
Is it legal to put a billboard on residential property?
Can a website that passively promotes illegal activities be legally shutdown?
What happens if Apple goes bust?
How can a country reclaim money held in Swiss bank(s)?
What are the rights of the client when buying online and receiving a broken product?
Should I fight City Trash Citation for tenants trash
Why is Sim Lim Scammer in Jail even though technically his victims agree?
Would overturning Raich affect Filburn?
No evidence is required for an indictment by a grand jury?
Afraid of Patent Troll for first app
Which comes first: contracts or subpoena orders?
Don't talk to the police in Germany
Undertakings have expired - am I allowed to do whatever I want?
What are your legal responsibilities after the police have been called?
How can auto sale contract be breached
Do I have to pay movie licensing fees if I rent DVDs along with outdoor pavilions with movie projector/screen setup?
a non-law firm almost all whose work is by its in-house lawyers
"got milk?" Parody
Do any states provide legal authority for administrative agents to perform official state actions when they are "not working"?
Is it legal to download subscription based content from a website for personal use?
My college changed my major without my consent, can I sue them?
GDPR - User invitation functionality within learning and development platform
Is this proper use of a FOIA request?
Likelihood of jury selection procedure in this story
Is writing and publishing a summary narrative of someone else's electronic game story an infringement of copyright?
When is it illegal to play someone else's copyrighted song on an instrument?
Can male guardians prevent Egyptian women from leaving the country?
Can I legally (but without license) sell merchandise with text and images based on a video game?
Are there legal labelling requirements regarding the “moisture-wicking” property claimed for certain fabrics?
How much are partnerships and LLCs really taxed?
private guest-house owner, can he/she demand more payment which was not agreed upon previously
Yacht Rock and the Intellectual Property Rights of Work Trademarked by a Second Party
Theory: Murder in neutral waters by person without citizenship?
My signature was forged on a bill of sale for a vehicle
Can a Rental Contract Supersede State Law?
Lying in Court in the UK
How do rules of conduct apply when acting in a pro hac vice role in another state?
Are there any contemporary examples of jurists "riding circuit?"
After passing security, is it legal to give your boarding pass to someone else?
What will I be charged with in Manhattan, New York?
Can a pro se defendant make statements of fact in his opening and closing arguments?
Can I establish a "one person company" in USA?
Can employers fire someone for "lying" on personality questionnaires?
Photos of Children Without Permission
User privacy policy when visiting page on Amazon S3
Is there a legal definition of race in the US?
Does the digital will need to be separate from the regular will?
Are state marriage records publicly accessible online?
Is a modified version of a trademarked slogan considered infringement?
Was the banning of Alex Jones a violation of 18 U.S. Code § 241?
Open source encryption library pose export compliance
What are legal ways to get a persons address (Person living in Ireland, I'm living in The Netherlands)?
Did the "9 out of 10 doctors" people have to ask exactly 10 people?
Do we have to take down the material for 14 days even if the DMCA notice is erroneous?
Removing personal information from Google when being cyberstalked
What establishes the U.S. as a common law country?
Is it legal for a website to require registration in order to submit a DMCA?
Facebook vs GDPR - Private Messages I sent to others will never be deleted/erased from Facebook servers
What can I do about my neighbor's aggressive dog?
Not joining a company after signing offer letter
Is the recent Bayer weedkiller damages award a reasonable expectation of the result of future appeals
Who is "suitably qualified person" and what certificate is required with statement of truths in Family Law in the UK?
Is there any constitutional precedent or laws against bills of “anti"-attainder?
Broadness of definition of treason in the US constitution
Is it allowed to sell 3D models of existing brands?
Washington v Davis in How To Get Away With Murder
Responding to GDPR Article 15 requests if all data is already accessible via website
Can I get a donation as a person in Poland?
Damage to rental property after abandonment/final checkout with landlord
Stand your ground: process
Why are Florida prosecutors filing for manslaughter rather than murder in the case of Michael Drejka?
Is it legal to list parties not willing to take part in a survey?
Purchase of alcohol with a minor present
Can a voided option contract be transferred to a new company?
What are contraction funds?
Le Petit Prince and the public domain status in France
How to legally contribute to open source projects (and other public stuff) in Germany?
What happens if open hardware infringes existing patent?
Is it Mandatory to have same Name ( Word-to-Word) on all your Identity Documents ( India)?
Can I forbid the government from using my patented invention?
If holding a photograph is permitted can a company use facial recognition?
How to legally distribute the data of all Internet websites?
I believe my ex is using DHS to create problems for me, what can i do?
Unauthorized Business Site License
Making profit of copyrighted material - when exactly does it become illegal
Am I allowed to sell photos online at 15?
Am I Required to Pay to Receive a Certification I Earned on Company Time?
When does a referral fee become bribery? (UK)
Publication of information illegally obtained, wikileaks relevancy
Regularly receiving a stranger's emails
Creating a LLC in Delaware when I am in California?
Would economic and healthcare-related pressure constitute duress in the annulment of a marriage?
Can a refugee use the Refugee Convention to defend against a charge of illegal entry?
Is the non-availability of an accessory a defect of the main product?
Executor Pink Slip
Evil Wifi Terms of Service
Why don't US prosecutors press for imprisonment for crime in the banking industry?
Can i use brand logos on a website template I'm going to be selling?
Mom passes away 2015, Sister living in her house rent free
GDPR on employee data
Could Stack Exchange hold their questions for ransom?
Why does the US FLSA have a separate classification for "Computer Employees"?
Is it fair use to buy a Mac, not use it, and build a hackintosh?
what is controlling law
Got a jury summon last year, forgot about it, just remembered
What is the purpose of increased penalties?
In the United States who has the authority and what is the procedure to determine if conduct by an individual is "illegal"?
Can a part time lecturer in a public university be still a public figure?
For a video game that player can build up his own character, any copyright issue if the character similar to Mario, Gundam etc?
Publishing non-public figure name in a website
How would the law in US handles private investigation like this?
Is criminal prosecution up to the police/state or can an individual push it?
In UK Law what items can you carry to defend your person?
Could it be illegal for an individual in USA to hire a software developer in Syria or Venezuela for short project?
Am I at fault? Can I get my security deposit back from Landlord?
Would this be considered a hit and run?
Service provider states I terminated the agreement by moving to a location they do not service, am I liable?
Is it legal to eat or drink items before paying for them in Georgia, USA?
Is it illegal to carry a foam baseball bat as a prop on Halloween in the UK?
Child expressly wishes to live with other parent. What is legal position of that other parent? (in general terms)
Can a good lawyer mitigate a failure to prevent data breaches?
Landlord wants to include a clause where tenant pays rent if property is vacant after leaving. Is this legal/enforceable?
How can I buy a piece of land in Germany whose owner is unknown?
What are the legal limitations of private security, regarding the use of physical force?
Is it legal to use pictures of trademarks?
What penalties can a court martial impose?
Are file hash codes really unique identifiers?
What EU law regulates the service providers liabilities and responsibilities for user posted content?
discovery objections
Can I sue the company for providing misleading info and terminate the employment even when I didn't do anything wrong?
Is email verification for account creation in violation of GDPR?
What juries usually do – hard statistical data
Can someone invalidate my patent because others manufactured my product too?
Identifying corruption in tendering process
What is the meaning of "Individual-1"?
Derogation for small companies in GDPR
Can someone consent on behalf of someone else for a call-in radio show?
What does it mean "attempt arbitration"?
Can a sitting president of the United States be indicted by one of the states?
Excessive late fees
Under U.S. law, can an estate's executor be penalized for accidentally losing a document before the estate is closed?
Do I have the legal right to kill an animal preventing my exit when I burglarize another house?
Are cricket farms for human nutrition allowed in Germany?
Why are some obvious fraudster not in jail?
Is a meeting including prosecutor, defender (public or private), and defendant allowed?
Is a Receipt From the DMV Legal Proof of Purchase?
Is Bank responsible for protecting me from fraud?
How much evidence do I need in their ban appeal that they are actually 13+ to unban someone who was banned for being under 13 (to comply with COPPA)?
Disbarment or lesser discipline, United States
Is work done on paid time off “work for hire” in California?
Can a sitting U.S. president be imprisoned without impeachment?
What if you lived in a shed?
Too poor to obey the law
Can someone deny cash as the payment method?
Terms for torts committed under theory of promissory estoppel?
Is this a Prima Facie case for State Tax Fraud?
Is it legal for RyanAir to restrict free check-in to only 48h-2h before the flight?
I am from San Diego but live out of the country. My property in San Diego was damaged by contractors. Can I include travel expenses in small claim?
Calif Small claims - HOA approved work that caused water damage to my condo
copyright on patterns in CorelDraw
Why does the US patent law have a section about inventions in outer space?
Will the UK keep EU legislation after Brexit?
Data & privacy: what is the actual extent of this audio/video approval form?
In what circumstances can a missing person be replaced in business deals?
Is it against the Computer Misuse Act to remove client-side input validation?
Rights of access to a landlocked plot - le droit de désenclavement
Has anyone been convicted of campaign finance violations by paying an informant before an election?
In states with phone restrictions while driving, does that apply to all devices?
Would showing code in a book which was written with a student or personal license not be allowed?
Personal vs Corporate Liability: A Simple Example
Is it more important to trademark your brand name or your logo?
14th Amendment and citizenship
Gym Membership Extraordinary Termination when Flaws were already present before signing?
How to handle photos made of an event where the permission to take photos was withdrawn afterwards
Tear gases/chemical weapons for civillian use?
Why wont music streaming services like Spotify, Soundclound, Napster allow their API to be used in games?
Can I make YouTube videos where I read parts of a book aloud
How to have a refund after buying on internet
Default Governing State for NDA
Translation of witness testimony
What am I liable for with a rental property?
Would I violate copyright by making transcriptions of copyrighted music and posting them online if I don't make money off of it?
Is it legal for me to use publicly accessible user data about a person on my website?
Can the President unilaterally change the design of the US flag?
Murder conviction without a body?
How to interpret "LETTER-3-OR-MORE" on patent website (USPTO's TESS)?
consumer demand for arbitration with AAA: what are the first steps when fee paid by business?
Can the US Government assert copyright on a government work internationally?
Are non-guaranteed delivery service contacts legal? [EU]
Do I have to add owner's of images if they also belong to me?
Under GDPR right of access, do I have the right to receive a copy of scoring sheets / evaluation forms after a structured job interview?
Landlord or tenant responsible for the furnishing damaged after a flooding?
Is it legal to use google translate output in my own app?
Is an adaptation or translation of a public domain hymn also in the public domain?
Neighbor using my property
Rationale behind 27 CFR 555.209 (ATF explosive storage)
To what legal extent can parents prevent children from masturbating?
Is it safe to use public domain images of Wikipedia for commercial purposes (like printing on a product)?
How to fulfill the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) when receiving emails
How does GDPR affect a personal web application that uses third parties to authenticate?
Employer did not accept resignation in Germany
Got into a car accident, do I need a police report?
Multiple "not more than"-style offenses in sentencing guidelines
How does the mandate to report income from illegal activities in the US jibe with the Fifth Amendment?
Contractor bailed after getting paid in full
How to fulfill the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) when citing
How to fulfill the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in science
How do people hire only specific demographics but not face discrimination suits?
Is it possible to pull public courtroom records about cases given a specific attorney?
Do I have to report lawsuit winnings to taxes?
Can a US non-profit manage a for-profit fund?
What is it called when a business causes damages or vandalizes to garner more business?
Beneficiaries as creditors
Bank of America fee Dilemma
Do Net Neutrality's "Reasonable network management" and "No paid prioritization" allow for tiered services?
What is the status of a baby born abroad to an American parent, but fails to qualify for U.S. citizenship?
Possible custody problems involving parents of different nationalities
violation of the terms of service
How does the US legal system treat car accidents with pedestrian casualties?
Gym Membership Cancellation - Michigan, USA
Never received renewed lease from landlord, can I still live in my apartment?
Defendant pays witness to say "I don't remember". What can be done to prevent/deal with this?
May I claim fair use for public commentary of a political ad?
Do I need to ask my app users for permission to gather anonymous telemetry data?
Is it enforceable contract to withdraw private prosecution charges for payment?
Cream cheese is cheese?
In the US: Would it be illegal (maybe fraud) for a musician to fake their own death?
Acupuncture in Alabama
Which jurisdiction applies in an international case around a missing package?
To what extent can I use a song for a published production?
Are charities prevented from paying money to other charities?
Why register a logo as trademark if copyright protects it?
Familial exemption for investment advisor representative
If someone found out after the wedding that their partner had been sterilized, what rights would they have?
Will my app i'm building be breaching any copyright laws
Procedure if two separate district courts issue nationwide and contradictory injunctions?
dealership title obligations for primary loan holder
Using translated company type on website
Consulting agreement vs sales representative agreement
Handover admin right on google business
Are government fees considered taxes?
Can a restaurant add requirements to a “special” that weren’t previously listed?
How can one try to leave a home rental lease
Familial exemption for investment advisor
Canceling a contract without a cancelation clause
Correct Creative Commons attribution for emojis on a website
How to interpret this paragraph from an MNDA in context with Ohio law?
Minnesota Speeding Law
Isn't 'confidentiality' misnamed, when it's not confidential compared to solicitor-client privilege?
Why can't lawyers lower their fees to match unmet demand, rather than leaving legal practice?
Why's it ironic for Big Law and law schools to compete in rankings, even if they disagree with the method or think it is detrimental to their mission?
Appending to a creative commons license
To what extent do I have the right to quote other works to parody or reference them?
Follow up on interpreting a paragrapgh from an MNDA in context to Ohio law
Why is there a 'statute of limitation' for sex crimes?
Stealing my own property back?
Can I call myself a "A Spiritual Counselor Practioner?"
Is borrowing without consent illegal?
Can a medical invoice that was disputed collect interest and be due years later?
Does GDPR Prohibit Reading Unsolicited Emails?
GDPR and Homebrew analytics
Legal ramifications for having video game source code available for download?
Can a religious employer prohibit public advocacy?
International issues
What if a lawyer steals my idea and doesn't do the work?
Have Supreme Court cases with multiple subsequent reaffirming decisions been overturned?
What is the precedent for what a Supreme Court nominee can or cannot say during their hearing with the Senate Committee on the Judiciary?
Can a real-life example be used to describe the difference between common and civil law?
What to do about Fake Positive Reviews
Temporary theft, or, removing someones property to deliver it to their home or office
The five-year statute of limitations on lying to Congress
Recourse to resistance in citizen's arrest
Does HIPAA prevent doctors from sharing statistics?
Am I allowed to use other peoples instruments in my music?
Which Supreme Court justices have been the most anti-intellectual property?
Why intellectual property and not just trade secrets?
What is the value of these phantom shares?
Are there any US laws protecting journalistic sources?
How can the Belgium law allowing Belgium-funded research to be made open access be retroactive?
What is the difference between contract, deed and covenant?
When is the law broken by a campaign that violates an electoral commission rule?
Ontario non-compete clause: can new employer hide NCC requirement, until time of job start?
Are "If you breach this disclosure agreement we may sue you" clauses *legally* necessary?
Does Mabo v the State of Queensland (1992) 175 CLR 1 state that "The Aboriginal people we the traditional owners of the land"?
GDPR and hotlinked images: are they allowed?
Is it legal for a restaurant to limit the amount of a certain type of bill?
Legal consequences of not tipping in the US
What is necessary for a newly formed religion to enjoy first amendment protections?
Who is the Controller and who is the Processor if Company X hosts/embeds content of Company Y
Can I legally publish a compilation of copyrighted material without licence? How?
What is exactly a joint controller in GDPR? Examples
What "incentives"/cynical reasons DA/Cops have when prosecuting someone?
GDPR and personal data that gets crawled and ends up on other websites
Landlord quadrupling rent in Ohio
Can a landlord charge for pet rent without pets?
Do you have a right to your own reference check conducted by a third-party?
Is Facebook Invading My Privacy?
What level of support is legally required for off-the-shelf software?
Does legislation around government transparency (e.g. FOIA or Sunshine ordinances) apply to public sector hiring processes?
Legality of unwritten covenants - Architectual Review Process - HOA
Are there only two, or are there three, forms of conventional involuntary servitude in the antebellum U.S.A.?
Is it illegal to post a software without permission?
How to dismiss my attorney and act pro se
Parking rules in associations
What are the differences between particulars, facts, and information?
Website using Phonenumber, frequently getting phone calls from strangers
Import Tax - "made in China" versus "made in Taiwan"
What are the copyright terms on patents?
How to mention other website as the Product or Service in other website's terms?
Can someone on maternity leave in the UK earn money by taking freelance work?
Is downloading YouTube videos legal for personal use?
Use of Images in a book
Trying to negotiate rental contract
Breach of fiduciary duty for poor management of endowment?
Can "No Thru Traffic" signs be enforced in New Hampshire
What would be considered as a true threat?
Bribery? $1 million pledged against Collins if she backs Kavanaugh
How can I ensure EU citizens can share my content?
Florida Law: Can email be used in place of USPS to receive notifications \ messages?
Can we use Marines' sign for personal signature?
How do I "prove" I am not a Massachusetts resident for state tax purposes?
Is it possible to forbid linking to a site?
How does one evict a tenant in Arizona if they have a lease/purchase instead of a straight lease?
Can I get prosecuted in the US for buying and using a stolen gift card?
HOA By-Laws: Conflict between amending process and an amendment's change process?
What's the difference between the Colorado baker case and Alex Jones getting banned?
What is the point of signatures?
Employer lied about charitable contributions
Is publication of an unpaid debt considered to be libelous?
Can a person be charged in absentia in the English and Welsh jurisdiction?
Can all members of a group be civilly liable when some are provably innocent?
Are most Uber drivers unqualified to operate a vehicle for hire?
What are the key elements of an effective demand letter?
Is it a contract: HOA Bylaws?
Church / School / Religion / Disney! / California
Mental Capacity of family member with means
Bias in evaluating Breach of Contract
Synonyms for 'non-court' venues
What is the procedure when being pulled over for a known officer?
Contract still valid after servicer changed name?
How is it possible to be on the wrong end of civil forfeiture while not engaging in criminal activity?
Is there duty to mitigate damages by killing and replacing injured animal instead of curing it?
Under what circumstances can a banker cut your line of credit?
Commercial use of a machine learning trained model whose use is allowed, but use of data is not allowed?
Is modifying an academic transcript illegal?
Is a developer liable for illicit use of an app?
What effect does it have when something contains the phrase "copyright 2018 MrAuthor"
Can terms of service prohibit a user from quoting content on a website?
What happened to the anti-tipping laws?
Under what conditions can a cop arrest someone?
Opinion Interpretation
Is it illegal in Pakistan to hack somebody's website?
London: how to deal with a landlord not protecting a deposit and not rembursing it?
Datamodel transfer between two database technologies
Disturbing peace by playing table soccer
Is it reasonable to ask me to change my email address after it was leaked?
What license model to use for disclosing the source code of a paid software product?
Is it legal in New York to deduct a full-day of PTO during a company-wide early dismissal?
How can one fight probation revocation
Lease Assignment in NYC
Sue a restaurant for serving food against religion
Can I ask my employer for details held about me?
Pressing charges against a ghost for trespassing?
Plaintiff / Defendant terminology in demand letter
The Ancillary Copyright in the European Union
Can a landlord refuse my request for rental because of my fluency in the local language
legal recourse against a company with no contact information
Setting up and running a limited company (UK) remotely (EU)
Landlord seizing deposit and also billing us back
Can you host a party at a public polling place during voting hours?
What happens if I alter the text on a web page before clicking "agree"?
Landlord Slow on Critical Repairs
Is a contract valid if one of the party doesn't even read it?
Could the US government force a VPN provider to start logging?
Is it IP infringement if I fabricate an object from a publicly available research paper?
Does prohibition on titles of nobility make presumption of guilt impossible?
New trump's tariffs on china
What should I add behind the Trade Name for my Sole Proprietorship?
How can I object to a traffic fine subsequently when I didn't know the formalities?
Is it a crime to shoot a kidnapper who is in the process of kidnapping your child?
Are collaborative forum posts protected by copyright?
"Ignorantia juris non excusat" vs "defence for the accused to prove that he did not know?
Manafort plea deal and DOJ’s policies and procedures
Is it legal to require registration to obtain US Government software or data?
Delivering services at a later date
What happens if a piece of Literature falls within the Public Domain in one Territory but is Copyrighted within another Territory?
How are Trump's actions against NFL protesters not a violation of Constitutional rights?
Had a lapel/audio device during work in event a private perosnal issue arose
Dismissed before start date due financial history in background check
possible problems when removing a license
Is an agreement enforcable that makes parents liable for a child’s behavior at school?
Do citizens of the Cook Islands automatically have New Zealand residency?
Why use USPS to Deliver Demand Letter when email is available
is this a trademark or a copyrights violation?
License plate photo blockers
Copyright of recorded sport events
Fraud.signature
leashed dog on community college campus
Are martial artists held to a different standard?
London: actions to take against a landlord who breached the law on many occasions
Google ML Service Specific Terms Inquiry
Employer is damaging my reputation with client
Client asks me to re-brand supplied media
When a law specifies that documents should be available for examination at "convenient times", for which party should it be convenient?
Crawling a web forum and presenting the posts in a search
How to sue big companies?
Neighbors are spying for landlord on Renters is it legal?
Contact Microsoft legal department, or other ways to facilitate reinstatement of a Google Play app
In which countries does the body of the dead become property of someone?
Is it legal to teach a subject you dont have a degree in?
Why isn't legal knowledge more easily available?
how can I get my $1000 deposit back for goods I bought in USA and vendor decided not to complete and sold elsewhere
A police officer finds new evidence before a retrial, who should they give it to?
Is it legal to buy/sell a property through power of attorney?
Employee intimidation
Property manager said my rent was 1/3rd of the usual for an extra 11 days, now says it's full amount
Can a Supreme Court Justice be recalled?
Absolute immunity, judicial corruption and public interest
Can a state agency, asserting "equal footing", ignore an order from a state court
Could the Swedish government require a VPN to start logging user activity?
Passport Card Required to Accept
Summary Judgment Motion
How unique does a name need to be in order to have it trademarked?
How do I get a regulation changed in my state?
Can you be fired over behaviour in a second/previous job?
Is it legal to use scenes from famous TV show FRIENDS to create pop up museum in New York city?
Would it be illegal to include a Disney character's name in my business's Name?
Editing and selling 3D models licensed under CC BY-NC and CC BY-NC-ND
What is the format of an affidavit of declaration for signing in the vernacular language of a deceased person?
Can a company charge a fee for erasure under GDPR?
Removing negligent care clause from service agreement
Copyright violation: Can a producer/film-maker file a lawsuit if one download a pirated version of their movie?
At the end of a lease, who owns the parts used in repairs?
If a tenant is responsible for repairs, are they liable if they do not fix something?
Does filing a complaint with the NY Board of Regents do any good?
Can my will gift digital files to specific people?
Can I take mail that is addressed to me from someone else's mailbox?
Need help on Jargon Terms of Life Insurance Products
What is meant by 'place of first publication'?
Is there any need for "except as required by law" notices?
Working contract not handled (germany)
How do I calculate damages for educational misconduct?
Tenant facing issues with landlord agent (GA, USA)
Subletting in commercial space with verbal but not written permission - NYC
Is there a site that lists all EU members' Statutory Instruments for specific laws (like MLD4, UCITS etc.)
How can I, as a defendant, convince a court that an attorney is lying to deny post conviction relief?
What are the legal protections for employees with mental health issues in the USA?
How does "innocent until proven guilty" apply to non-payment?
During a traffic stop, does silence serve as probable cause for arrest and search?
Can I fight a charge from forgetting to cancel a subscription?
What is a transfer of title document?
US Federal Laws Pertaining to Banned Books
GDPR and Storing Non-EU Citizen Data as an EU-based company
"Reasonable doubt" and conditional probabilities
which quitclaim deed do I need?
What recourse is there if opposing lawyer refuses to respond?
Is it actually illegal to ask about things such as pregnancy/family status/etc in a job interview?
Hetzner is trying to charge me for Bandwidth overuse and will not respond when I use the contact form
Incomplete building rented on commercial lease
Allergies, Sudafed, HIPAA, a prescription, and the logbook/databse
What does the contract really mean?
Can the Prisoner's Dilemma be solved with a civil contract?
If landlord insists/pressures tenant to move out early should mutual agreement to end tenancy be signed?
Can someone sue me as a customer service representative?
Reclaim VAT after buying a car to be exported from Germany to outside EU
Could the Supreme Court prohibit abortion? (And other misconceptions about overturning Roe v Wade)
If Gamble v. United States ends up creating a precedent, how could the federal and state governments agree on who gets to prosecute?
Is it legal in India to disallow food and water to be brought in to a public place?
Copyright status of an author's letters published posthumously?
Seeing a co-woker's salary on his screen
Enforcement of programing tools licenses
Does The US Census Count Mobile Homes In The Population?
misdemeanor complaint, state requested release conditions, discovery evidence
Hospital billed me for services that I explicitly refused. Are there any legal ramifications for hospital?
Is Indonesia tax based on residency?
Hospital refuses to allow me to talk to their billing department - are there any laws/regulations that I can use to help them change their minds?
What is the name of the transverse white line that separates different time-limited parking zones?
Is AdBlocker legal? Can't we get a legal action about AdBlocker as web masters?
How far does a US state's sovereignty extend? Can the State legalize all drugs within its jurisdiction?
Are Christine Blasey Ford's lawyers in legal jeopardy?
GDPR: cookie for login management
Must a professional services firm replace a worker at the client's request?
GDPR: if a user doesn't agree cookies on my banner, what must I do?
Government employer obligations for refusal to hire based on allegiations
S75 Liability of creditor for breaches by supplier in the Consumer Credit Act 1974 (UK)
If an app doesn't have any EULA is it free?
Is GDPR really needed if my android app doesn't collect any personal data?
What is the difference between copyright infringment, and intellectual property violation?
How can plaintiff/prosecutor hold the court to account if it intentionally stalls proceeding?
Do trans women count as women for the purposes of this new California law?
Re-use images uploaded by users on Google Maps for the website
Textualism and originalism
Connecticut Distance Based Non-Compete Clause
I have an Master Service Agreement without Statement of Work, is it valid?
Dual Consent Laws of California Relating To Residents Of Other State's
What is, and is not, considered fact in the scientific and computer science world?
When is Pro Hac Vice an actual thing?
In France, is it illicit to use a recorded content as a proof, when the person was recorded without knowing it?
Easement laws in New Jersey, not sure how to proceed
I have someone that just Doxxed me online, by obtaining information from their own community using paypal donate service.
Could I be held liable for simply sharing the idea for a crime?
How much privacy about my health am I giving up if I participate in my employer's wellness screening program?
Perjury in State of the Union message?
Tenancy - definition of "The Property" and exceptions
Legality of Body Camera in all-party consent state (MD, USA)
Is it recommended/mandatory that i include the ™/© symbols?
Identity Identification
Is it a human right to appeal?
Medicaid Estate Recovery
Mobile home park in California charging extra fees for television service
My email has been shared with other parties
Online purchase of a digital product locked away, are they legally required to provide the items?
Is it legal to shoot a bow and arrow inside the limits of an urban municipality in Alberta?
UK - Hot Water changed from Gas to Electric - What recourse do I have?
What does a judge do if there was a leading question?
At what point is a lawyer's actions considered "bad faith" and is there recourse for punishment?
How legally enforceable is this "opt-out" practice
Is it illegal to purchase stocks with money that came from a Brinks truck?
Defamation vs Works for Hire
Defamation vs Works for Hire II
What constitutes Commercial Appropriation of Likeness?
Get Officers Information From Warrent
What makes a stock exchange “private”?
Are UK civil partnerships still 'monogamous'?
Is a FBI background investigation for a DoD clearance any different than that of a Supreme Court Justice?
What obligations do homeowners have about storm water discharge?
How to legally exploit an old Jazz music without copyright issues?
Is it legal to include another company name in your name? Example: Is OrbitzMoving.com (not related to Orbitz.com) legal?
Attention and Effort Clause (State of Washington, USA)
May I legally work in a restaurant with typhoid if the employer knows?
How are cryptocurrencies not illegal by the US Constitution?
Company director resignation
Can a sitting U.S. Senator run against the other sitting U.S. Senator in a state?
Can a call center employee be forced to monitor a technical problem off the clock?
Is it legal to charge a percentage service fee?
Is it legal to copy property's listing from other's website
Is a conversation "private" (in a two-party state) if it is at your desk at work with a co-worker?
What are the different time requirements under law?
Can someone collect damages without providing receipts?
How did 'consideration' semantically shift to mean 'something given in payment'?
I was fired for refusing to work with Typhoid, do I have any recourse?
Demand Letter Response Window
Are security pentesting services and software legal in Hong Kong?
Government Patent Licensing Rights
Can a US bank disallow a lawful permanent US resident from opening an account?
Difference between three terminologies
Legality of "Artist's Renditions"
Company stole my IP. Are there costless remedies?
Fraud by private hostel management
Does a user have the right to request their forum posts deleted?
Can a user request the deletion of their IP address that is stored for moderation purposes?
Witness sabotaging a document with wrong signature
GDPR - is user social ID personal data
What is the difference between "private" and "confidential"?
What is a condition precedent?
Tenant joint letter to evict an other tenant?
Under what circumstances is a lawyer permitted to draft documents "friendly" to the other side?
Elderly man cannot care for himself but refuses nursing home. Wife/primary caretaker cannot care for him. Options?
CEO hiring himself as a consultant
Legal Reverse Engineering for Security Review in US for Korean Provided Module
Do items that I purchase for a business and for myself count as business expenses?
Is it illegal to download copyright videos for free?
Is this copyright infringement? Is it fair use? What if I don't make any money off it?
Is the extradition of a person a discretional choice of a state?
Can a Whatapp Message be used in a misconduct case?
Are USA private sector employees entitled to federal holidays?
What the difference between false pretense and forgery
One Unit Trust with many classes of unitholders: is it possible?
Can a bank foreclose on a home of a person who has been kidnapped?
Is it legal to leave small children without parents' supervision?
Copyright vs Facebook images inadvertently displayed via links
Will I have to appear in court or another proceeding about a suicide I discovered?
What to do about evasive debt collection agency I hired
It it illegal/prosecutable to know about an illegal activity in another country, but inside the same company?
If an account is hacked and stolen, can the service provider be compelled to return it?
For a politician, is a lunch outing with Warren Buffet considered a $650,000 gift?
Car with lien that isn't real
Can an employee take an employer to court over false promises and breach of contract?
USA Consumer Law - Can issuer of gift card expire card without expiry date on card?
Is it not illegal to take minors across state lines without parental permission?
If I include an unmodified CC-BY-SA work in a book, does the whole book have to be CC-BY-SA?
Questioning the meat served at a local restaurant
If the Residential Tenancy Act does not apply, what does?
Legal definition of “enclosed”
GNU application in work other than software
Do I face liability for publishing a ranked list of companies?
Is This Exclusion Clause In breach of UCTA 1977
Can a Judical Misconduct Complaint be read or searched for?
Passport requirements for travel between a US territory and a US state
Is there any legal standard that USPS first class mail doesn't qualify as legal proof of delivery?
Is it legal to open source a spyware?
What does 'duty to devote full time' mean?
In California, who has right of way when two cars try to get to the same lane at same time?
Are there any legal precedents regarding the enforcement of a country's laws on its citizens abroad?
In Florida, can a 24 year old have relationship with a 17 year old if their relationship started a year earlier?
My bicycle was stolen and I feel like I'm entitled to some compensation
Is there a law which prevents punishment for an infraction?
Is this email agreement a contract and if so, does breach of contract mean we can end it?
As an Iranian, can I sign an Independent contractor agreement, and work remotely for a US company from Iran?
Where can single-asset alternatives be marketed to retail investors?
Can I use Creative Common remixes of original songs in my apps?
How do publicly issued documents differ in countries that signed the Apostille convention?
Does bypassing the 10NES lockout chip violate the DMCA?
GDPR - Recording simple page views
How to prove landlord didn't return damage deposit within required time
If I don't patent my invention, how closely can a competitor copy my product?
Are marriage records public records?
Procedure for changing illegal procedures and processes by bureaucratic organizations
Why do prosecutors sometimes chase "weak" cases?
CC-BY-NC-ND same as CC-BY-ND-NC?
Is it legal to let overseas family member use my address for a bank account (US)?
Do threats against an attorney constitue a conflict of interest?
Can a government sue it's citizens for "libel"?
Can I register a company name in the US if there is another company in the EU with the same name?
When does an attorney have to "voluntarily" disclose information to the other side?
Does a USA bookkeeping or accounting app have to be certified by a regulatory body?
Is making my co-tenants sign a contract to pay their share of the bills helpful in court?
Is it ok to open source translated closed source code?
How to interpret “respectively” after a comma
Can two federal questions involving separate actions be treated in the same case?
Bill Gates Parody
Using the Wizard of Oz' Scarecrow as a symbol
When can someone legally act on the behalf of another person?
How much testimony is necessary to prove beyond reasonable doubt for traffic stops?
How can I make them pay me back?
Is patent law still applicable if the breacher is doing so under a non-profit initiative?
Automatic Renewal Contract / Contract Law - Licensee Cancels before Expiration Date, but not within 30 day period
How to manage intellectual property right for different clients from a consultancy
Does DMCA cover apps?
Why don't companies supply all of the needed information about their DMCA designated agents?
What exactly does "without prejudice" mean and how does it work?
Where Can I Find Weapon Definitions as Refereed To In NY Penal Code?
Can the federal government override a state making something illegal?
Employee Handbook conflicts with State Law, Which Supersedes Which?
Secondary Battery Claim under ADR
software copyright : implementing the same class structure but for different specific clients and purpose
What consequences does a business face if money taken and also misapplied?
No law against false imprisonment in Massachusetts?
Does the GDPR law apply to my hobby-site?
Plain English Meaning Of Trust Language
What makes me a member of my LLC?
trespassing to personal property?
Plain English Follow Up
What states allow victims to a writ of mandmanus when the DA adopts a position of nolle prosequi?
Is the government liable for data destroyed during a forensic examination?
Defenses Based on Electronic Form of Terms
Why do websites which "store" money not show the actual currency, but as tokens/credits etc.?
Copyright on code from public source
GDPR and locked content, legal or not?
Can a health provider (physical or mental) contact my family to ask them questions without my permission?
Sharing a negative experience using websites with the name of the business/individual who caused it
Is there a legal basis for sending anonymous SMS to a number?
Is there any "enforceable" protection for the uploader from fake DMCA takedown requests?
Is attempting to steal a crime in Canada?
Can the police tell you not to have house guests or you will be arrested?
What are the rights a owner can do with an island?
Getting courts to reconsider judgment when new evidence crops up
Can disabling Windows 10 updates be considered a crime?
Derivative softwares copyrigths from a more generic software
My landlord is using the storage space to keep his stuff
Rent till death lease
Revoking my right to defend my Intellectual Property by using Let's Encrypt
can you hire a witness as your lawyer to exclude their testimony?
Faulty/incorrect Parking Charge Notice (PCN)?: showing only evidence of entry and exit (for a 'pay and display' car park)
Terms of Contract changed during drafting of Written Contract
Selling pictures of famous people
Can a nonprofit truly be controlled by its members, not a board?
Legality of Forking Open Source Projects
Is there copyright issue in the following condition?
Why can't a lawyer just blame a random witness for harming a plaintiff?
GDPR - website with no cookies, no analytics, no private data collection
Websites for children under 13 years of age
Why do websites exclude CISG in Terms of Service?
Are there any country with laws allowing insurance buyers to cancel their insurance within 14 days?
How does an 'authorized representative' work?
Can the US Supreme Court hear an appeal from State Supreme Court w/o a federal question?
When is the law broken?
Appeal process in UK from District Judge
Can only people or businesses legally own something?
Does self-incrimination give way to improving credibility to a court
GDPR Article 13.4 - how do you know that the data subject already has the information?
Has the civil service law ever been challenged in court by a president?
Do judges get penalised when their decisions are quashed by a higher court?
Can I take my Appeal to Supreme Court in UK if my permission to appeal is refused
Identity of the controller (GDPR): can any website now ever be anonymous?
Can a judge/justice file a lawsuit and bring a case to their own court? What happens then?
Postage for letters to the pope sent from Italy
Is it possible to seek a declaratory judgment without having a dispute / opposing sides?
Is the right to engage in scientific inquiry a fundamental right?
Trump offered E. Warren $1 million - can she collect?
Licensing an image that contains a licensed image
Can a pro se plaintiff call the defendant as a witness and compel testimony in a civil suit?
Do I have to provide proof of citizenship - GDPR
Is unlawful entry into Mexico a crime?
What constitutes elder abuse in the state of Missouri?
My friend needs me to act as a current landlord
Why is use of force justified in this way?
Can I ask for disclosure of CCTV to be used in Appeal against Possession order in UK
Does GNU FDL 1.3 restrict the copyright holder's distribution rights?
What is the jurisdiction of the Khashoggi murder case?
Can I download pictures from Pinterest and send them to a client as an example of work?
Where does the money from speeding tickets go in Massachusetts?
Is this non-compete contract valid?
Confused on superseding causes and foreseeability
Would it be considered treason to help plan the movement of a migrant caravan to the border?
What would most likely happen to this National Guard Commander?
Is it legal to include part of the NOW corpus in commercial software?
Can contractors in the USA publicly encourage each other to charge more?
What does "corruption of blood" mean?
Damages from a contractor
What remedies are available for failure to pay the orderd amount of child support in NJ
Is it legal to reproduce the image of AlexNet?
If a law changes very recently, is there a grace period due to not knowing the new law change?
Six months probationary period
Do French labor laws allow for the firing of employees for scheduling disagreements?
If a lease says that the tenant is responsible for minor indoor repairs, would replacing a broken faucet be considered minor?
If a person buys an island in a different country then will he/she has to take Visa for entering his/her island via waterways?
Does collateral estoppel apply in a criminal case?
False advertising in order to hire people
Data copyright for public domain content or natural resources
Does FERPA cover verbal disclosures as well as written?
YouTube Counter Notification
Is service provider obliged by law to provide me with copy of DMCA takedown notice?
Partially Paid by US entity under B1/B2 Visa or Visa waiver. Is it legal?
Can I write about a *copy* of a dead celebrity?
how can I get a birth certificate
Is Unsplash a liability trap?
UK Courts Question: What was the judges final decision that may be cited as precedent in these cases?
1000-year trust? (fictional)
Deliberately inaccurate data
Can I authorize someone to vote on my behalf?
Is a tattoo providing medical instructions legally binding?
Can I take a picture of my company server room and post it on Facebook?
Who can initiate a criminal investigation in Canada?
Use of trademark in personal email alias
Do international sanctions have an impact on Open Source Software?
Passwords stolen from web portal
Are all statutory instruments in the UK subordinate to an Act of Parliament?
If Statutory Instruments are used to enact Acts of Parliament, are their powers bounded?
Counting UK Statutory Instruments implemented annually enacting EU legislation?
Is it illegal in the US to release software containing cryptography if there is no master key or backdoor or data retention?
Is Intentional Immaterial Fraud Legal?
Client is refusing to pay invoice without W-9
Are 'no contra proferentem' clauses enforceable?
Is Roger Ver punished for 10 months in Prison Because of his Speech?
On what basis did the UK courts prevent the media from publishing stories on Philip Green's behaviour?
How can GDPR affect user generated content?
How to acquire copyright for Digimon franchise?
Indictment of solicitation of child pornography
Does Unity's "Reference Only" license allow anything that copyrighted publication would not?
HOA - General Rule Violation
Verifying the law around hosting an online crypto casino in the US
Warranty issues on car transmission replacement
Is citing precedent official in the US court system?
is Comcast a utility? do they have a legal right to access utility easements?
How is 14th amendment applicable to tourists and illegal immigrants?
Would a non-complete clause apply to oversea job searches?
Are lawyers generally discouraged to give high level/strategic legal advice?
What is the meaning of “and subject to the jurisdiction thereof” in the 14th amendment?
Can i create a software which can store doctor prescription?
The Highway Code and private land - parking and controlled parking zone (by private company)
Does selling game hacks based on personal user agreement is legal?
How to find your public criminal record?
it's not against the constitution to arrest a pregnant woman in Bolivia
Is 18 USC §911 (false claim to US citizenship) still considered constitutional?
Which clauses of the Magna Carta are still in force in Canada?
Can I amend a contract after end date
I fancy myself an amateur lawyer. Can I represent someone in court, in the state of Maryland?
Does Parliament ratify Statutory Instruments made through the negative resolution procedure?
Are political deals legally enforceable?
Employer Added Wife to Insurance, Now They Retroactively Voided Her Coverage
What is the point of administering prolonged field sobriety tests, and aren't the tasks unreasonable?
Am I legally responsible for users misusing my service for cyberbullying?
If I gave a reporter permission to record a phone call, do I have a right to receive a copy?
Does a licensed driver need to be present while riding in the back seat of a fully autonomous car?
What is the legal standard of proof required for US citizenship?
Can a not-at-fault driver w/out required auto insurance sue for auto accident damages?
Minor in violation of curfew on his property
Does the lecherous millionaire violate any laws?
Are you allowed to transcribe a copyrighted manuscript?
In UK legislation, what does "reasonable grounds to suspect" mean?
Can a change in interpretation of the 14th amendment apply only to future births?
Is "Sabrina" child pornography?
Confirming a new vice-president
Public domain English translation of Mein Kampf
Commercial usage of photos of extreme close-up of popular electronics
Transcribing Ancient Manuscripts from Around the World
Can an individual be charged with selling an illegal substance if they are not in possession?
What are the chances I get a ticket?
Marketing Agreement.
How do I protect my child's assets against medical expenses incurred by their potential guardian?
In Canada, how big does a work need to be to qualify for copyright?
Standard of proof required to prevent dismissal of criminal charge before trial
Failure to obey (Alabama)?
Can typical US employers legally fire green card holders for refusing to apply for naturalization?
What proportion of UK statutory instruments are passed using the negative resolution procedure?
Is there any federal law in the US that protects its citizens from police harassment? Or is it up to the states
Are there laws that govern what you can say or can't say in political attack ads?
Iran Technology Sanction
Can I break a lease if there is construction noise outside that is not under control of my landlord?
Why is Age of Consent set at a specific age?
Can a USA governor pardon a felon who was convicted in another state?
Is it legal to electronically sign a rental lease in South Australia?
Can someone from the United States go to a foreign country with a degree from an unaccredited college and legally use it on their resume?
If someone steals from me do I need a lawyer?
What is the meaning of "election of remedies"?
Can a franchise owner avoid paying overtime by splitting employees between locations?
A student slipped a drug into my coffee — what are the legal ramifications of this situation?
What constitutes 'taking an oath...of allegiance to a foreign state or a political subdivision thereof'?
Deposit Return after date extension not met
Periodic Statements in Pennsylvania
Why are toxicology reports made public?
What is required for a change in payment terms?
Why aren't post-mortem records protected by HIPAA?
Is American citizenship automatic when born on US soil?
Marrying a US citizen without applying for a green card
Is there any way a president could be voted in by popular vote more than two terms?
Percentage guidelines for unreasonable vs reasonable attorney's fees?
Borrowing Firearms for Science?
Trespass and the police
Is Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989 applicable for a person Scheduled Cast or Scheduled Tribe itself?
Can i post an unofficial advertisement?
Selling custom electronic projects online in the uk
Jurisdiction in cross-state-border exposure
To what extent can question of morality be a part of question of law?
Does HiPAA allow for the use of cloud services to store encrypted backups?
How can universities legally discriminate against a sex when filling dorms?
Is it legal for a restaurant to take back your food and cook it again?
Is a shop that prints your photos on cakes allowed to print photos including people wearing (licensed) brand t-shirts?
What happens if you commit two murders in two different countries (not your own) and is apprehended in a third country?
Modifying Open Source System Files to Cheat
Lawyer forgot to file the paperwork and now has no case: what to do?
Can I sue the government because a minor on probation committed homicide?
Can a minor be "self-employed?"
How can the President appoint Whitaker as Acting Attorney General?
GDPR compliance for software that lets users store PII of other people
Creative commons for erotic purpose
What is the value in learning a dead gunman's motives?
Copyright When Using Works in CC0/Public Domain
Is the removal of Jim Acosta's White House press pass a violation of the 1st Amendment?
What to do after an employee leaked our algorithm?
Why did the DA choose to prosecute the mother instead of the bully?
Why Silk Road is criminal but localbitcoins is not?
Is it legal for the President of the US to ignore a subpoena?
Why is 'give effect' used so often, rather than 'effect[uate]'?
Why would a corporation waive its legal costs in a lawsuit against a poorer litigant?
Is the Acting Attorney General in the Presidential Line of Succession?
LLC liability for prior (sole proprietorship) product
Dosso case in Pakistan
What is the point of sending a demand letter?
Why was Ryan Holle convicted based on supposedly knowing a crime?
If Ryan Holle lend shoes or combs instead of car would he be convicted?
Must I pay rent to be considered a Lodger in the UK?
Buying a business living in a community property state
Can one turn down a settlement offer if it's for more than the amount being claimed?
Does fleeing across the county line actually work for the Dukes of Hazzard?
Using Tinder photos for machine learning
What can a lawyer do to make the government formulate better policies for tech startups?
In a disclaimer of liability, does the order of sentences matter?
How can one verify a purportedly freely licensed image on a user-content site?
Is it illegal for someone to view my private Instagram through someone else’s account?
Regarding PDFs of the textbooks
Daily Caller, Bob Menendez-possible prosecution of online news provider?
Did Ms. Mapp have a right to take the search warrant?
What has been the largest class suit action in the USA by payout?
Do short quiz questions on copyrighed material need permission?
Addressing UK magistrate as "My Lord"
Can you legally copy curated data from a software program?
What if somebody copies your signature on a contract that says you can't sue them?
Who owns an un-documented cellar/bunker? (UK Law)
"Reading up" law?
Will cheering death thieves, burglars, or robbers carry murder charges?
Why should tech firms get away with publishing child pornography and facilitating child sex grooming rings?
Is a contract signed by a minor and his/her guardian legally binding (US)?
Non US company raised equity by issuing shares to non accredited investors,does re-domiciliation to Delaware cause retroactive breach of US laws?
Can daring someone to a dangerous act be considered manslaughter?
What law forces cookie dialogs on websites?
What exactly does the law say about bias in court/does it cover unconscious biases?
What are "non-union states"?
Are new editions of public domain works with minor edits copyrighted?
Plumbing Payment Reduction
Is an email answer for an apartment rental legally binding?
Meaning of Trust Language
Is an unsolicited email about job openings from a government office considered commercial under the CAN-SPAM Act?
Difference between Change and Adaptation - Non derivative Creative Commons License
Modify a client file
Partial usage of third-party content in a mobile application
Is it legal for an employer to implant chips in the body of employees?
Why are envelopes allowed for registered letters?
Advice about being secretly taped
Copying programming problems (with proper citation) in order to write explanations on how to solve them in a blog/website.
Do California process servers typically try phone calls before resorting to ambush?
Is it ok to name a character after a real life fighter jet?
What's the difference between "a question of fact" and "a question of law"?
NDA and Applying for Unemployment
Is it possible to arrange remote attendance at Family Law court hearing in the UK?
Property lien expiration and removal in North Carolina
Can a company get a certification?
What is the legal status of predictive policing?
In principle, what actions might be open to Lego in this situation?
Puzzle - different middle names, What is my legal name for employment in the U.S.?
Is it legal to sell products whose design uses titles of copyrighted songs?
Non-Party Request for Documents under Litigation Hold
Car Loan Company not providing pay statements
Oracle Java Patents Expiration
Suspending White House hard pass & preliminary injunction
Why would a company with a market cap over $100 million choose to be a non-limited, general partnership?
Can a private chat conversation about someone be considered defamation?
Chrome Extensions That Inject Content On Retail Sites
Is it legal to use "Java" in a domain name for a website?
Death Tax For Trust
Is it legal for a non-profit to omit the salaries of their deputy director and other lower level directors on Form 990?
If I don't live in a school zone, I shouldn't have to pay for that school's property taxes, correct?
Who owns the logo of a company after the company declares bankruptcy?
What to do when an Ambulance can't pass you?
picture source URL
Redistribution of system similar to the one commissioned (privately) by a client
Writing play based on translated poem
What is the Mississippi Law and Federal Law against incest?
Is this information considered personal?
Can I recreate the Risk board game for personal use?
60 days Notice allowed for Month-to-Month rental in California?
A person accepts money to write a check, but cancels the check and refuses to return the money
Does the FMLA cover mental health visits for franchise employees?
Marriage certificate only shows maiden name
Marketing rights on contractor name
What is the difference between "tamper," "alter," and "mutilate"
Does creating an unpaid event poster for a commercial event constitute commercial use?
Why shouldn't a bank robbery without threats be legal?
Why California codified "A trustee may not require a beneficiary to relieve the trustee of liability..."?
Processing of genetic data: which are the required “technical and organisational measures”?
Using Brand Names as our Customers for advertising
Cash only inheritance process
Can the Resedential Tennancy Act be included in situations where it wouldn't normally apply?
Landlord won't make amenities available and repeatedly lied about when they would be ready
What to do if a police officer as oppressed you? Can you take revenge on him?
Are standards and regulations a kind of law?
Are Native American tribes considered part of the United States?
Is exporting software with cryptographic functions legal in the United Kingdom?
Is my landlord required to bring an ungrounded house electrical service up to code?
Under what circumstances do you have to report the income of your LLC for the state of Michigan and how often?
Will Alimony Payments be Tax Deductible if a Support Agreement is Signed in 2018 but not Actually Ordered by the Court until 2019?
Does a remodel affect grandfathered-in electrical systems?
Supplemental Spousal Liability NY
Is it illegal in the EU / in Germany to download a scientific e-book?
Blumenthal v. Trump Do Senators have standing to bring suit?
Potential indictment of Assange and jurisdiction
Can an ex-employer sue ex-employees for using work experience gained for future endeavours?
Impartiality of the law
Are olympiad problems and standardized exams copyrighted?
Religious exemption to vaccines that relies on preservation of life
Can I claim unemployment benefits if I already have a new job lined up?
If hit with a spamming/phishing scam, how should a company warn its customers?
Can I allow use of a property while limiting exposure to liability?
Can a landlord require a tenant to pay for utilities that are not explicity required in the lease?
Renting in Michigan former tenant and rental agreement
Claim for unpaid wages in NY
Legality of the use of commercial fonts available for free from uxfree.com
Can courts do anything to prevent criminal trials being delayed for many years?
Can a celebrity sue someone who takes obnoxious pictures/videos of him in public and uploads onto internet without his permission?
Can the federal US government use any other powers to ban FGM?
What are my rights in videoing an encounter with a hostile person?
Creating a social network account without consent
Could using a duress button be a crime?
Can i get sued for using another person's/company's code without knowing it belongs to them
Is it unlawful to receive a photocopied book?
Can a S.Korean game have the right to steal money and items and close your acct for no reason?
Can a judge question me about facts of my case?
What to expect when getting (free) legal aid?
If a driver thinks their car has been wrongfully towed, is it up to the company to sue the driver, or up to the driver to sue for their money back?
Having a body exhumed and reburied elsewhere
What happens if the officers of a company refuse to show up at board meetings?
Can people distribute trademarked/copyright products if they aren't monetized?
GDPR Requiring consent to give up privacy
What options exist for doing one's own legal work?
What would the correct technical charge be, for mutilating sexual assault?
Is the proposed Brexit agreement contrary to the Human Rights Act?
At what point does a shady business practice become criminal fraud?
Difference between felony assault of an adult vs felony assault of a minor?
What is 'purposeful conduct'?
What are some remedies for a poor person if a petty rich guy buries him with frivolous lawsuits?
I have a old question. What is the law that says the military will not be formed inless a abuse befalls a United States of America American?
What law designated the U.S. Marshals as non-military?
Lie about US citizenship
YouTube terms of service + use of thumbnail images in stylesheet
Can they license me if I already bought the product?
Mandatory Lunch in UK - Really?
Could a municipality be punished for extortionate enforcement of speed limits?
Is it a crime if someone inserts ads inside an existing software?
How can I determine whether a copyright troll actually owns the copyright they claim?
How do I digitally confirm the ownership of land to an individual?
Mississippi lawsuit against Police that dont want to uphold a particular law on the books
What if someone put a non-lethal "bomb" im a package addressed to them to get back at a mail stealing thief
How do I authenticate that a warrant and its bearers are authentic?
What happens if I buy a stormwater basin from a property tax auction?
Is it legal to require user to agree to something outside the scope of the service that terms and conditions are supposed to cover?
Why is English law so important to finance?
Can you text a business/sole trader promotional material if they put their number online?
Instagram: publishing a publication image if it has been modified by some third-party app?
What questions can be asked in interview? Can questions that can be used to illegally discriminate be asked?
Do the HIPAA regulations in the United States prevent medical providers from disclosing relevant health information on patient A to patient B?
On what grounds can Instagram contest the use of the domain name slutsofinstagram.com?
If I pay for a rental car with points and the credit card only covers tax and deposit, is the card's CDW in effect?
Terms and Conditions of Trade - are they really allowed to be so biased toward the supplier?
Uploading to YouTube from 3rd party website
Can a township be at fault for damaging property?
Legal meaning of "to the greatest extent possible"?
Why the deal between IBM and RedHat needs approval from China?
What exactly does it mean when someone "represents" you?
What does "Preferably", "Optionally" and "Advantageously" mean when used in patents?
Can a U.S. President pardon an accessory to murder if the murder occurred in a foreign country?
Which UK "Parliamentary Powers" were used to confiscate Facebook's documents?
Should I settle with a car insurer (Uber) and reimburse a medical insurer after car accident? (subrogation)
How to get my Hospital bill settled down for a service that I didn't receive?
Can I collect restitution for stolen goods if my insurance has replaced them?
Injunction relief without posting bond
When can an immigrant claim US nationality?
Can a witness be compelled to read a third-party statement?
Is it trademark fair use to use company name/logo on your resume?
Are there anything misleading about this ads?
UK consumer law - is Burger King allowed to charge for 'no ice' in a drink?
US/International Law regarding collection of diagnostic data from iPhone app
Private phone call recorded by company phone in UK
Using excerpts from works for student reading comprehension book. Fair use?
Unauthorized tow
Marijuana Across State Lines, where State Laws Differ
YouTube Copyright
Does software API copyrightability extend across programming languages?
Am I allowed to record people without their permission in Montgomery Maryland?
Statute of limitations for juvenile offenses
If someone resigns from a firm while their patent application is under processing, will their name be used in patent application
Charging without posting price?
Consumer rights when a refund is not processed correctly
Does filing for guardianship require consent?
At what point is it breaking the law during an online scam
Citizenship UK from permanent residenship
Are there legal implications to lying about your sponsors?
Who is the legal owner of code in a bitbucket repo?
In Germany, can someone sell an auto without being the owner?
Do individual programmers expose themselves to liability risks when they make their programs available to the public?
Do legal tender laws prevent "no cash" restaurants?
Procedure for Trial if Defendant Does Not Have a Visa To Attend Trial?
What does the law say about the cloning of RFID tags?
Is it legal to sell gases for human consumption (as supplements or otherwise) such as oxygen, nitrogen, or nitrous oxide
The "compact" in "Agreement or Compact" (U.S. Constitution): legal terminology
Is there any legal recourse in the UK if an employee leaves with sensitive company information to a third world country?
does law defines any hacker rules?
Can women also go shirtless in public legally?
is there any law for using unlicensed or cracked software?
can we legally use the source code of customer software without asking them?
Same game company name, but in a different country
How to deal with patents that others hold?
Is it illegal to sell a car without a front license plate in California?
Contract I signed appears to have contradictory statements
Can copying simple general code cause copyright infringement? And is it even possible to avoid that?
Is it a violation of due process for a public committee to have no regular rules of order?
Private companies asking for Social Security Number?
Closed Source License with No Liability?
law about ethical hacker using pirated software or gadgets?
do we have to register our trademark to be valid.... can we take a legal action if someone is using similar trademark but our is not registered?
Terms and condition for web scraping
Do I have to formally accept a transfer of shares to me, in the UK? Or can they be transferred to me without my consent?
Can I object to a flight attendant praising TV characters for 5 minutes?
Is it legal to include verbatim exercises from a book in videos/on a blog?
I live in Bulgaria. Should I worry about a patent that has been granted in the USA?
Invoice from work done years ago
Illegal to have a driver's license in multiple states?
Using images from Instagram on my e-commerce website
Under what circumstances is the writ of mandamus normally used?
What are the limits of a 'Humble Address/Motion of Return' from Westminster's House of Commons?
Can I make changes to my initial writ after getting it warranted but not served?
Landlord billing me for previous tenant's charges
If a woman finishes before a man during sex and he continues is he raping her?
Is there any specific law outlawing private nuclear weapons?
If I were to lend my phone to someone that then used it for criminal purposes, would I be liable?
Ebay - GDPR - Legality of re-assigning Data Controllers?
What can individual programmers do to limit their liability risks from programs that they make available to the public?
Can Mobile App Terms of Use contain General liability release?
Is there tax in Michigan for packaged food (steaks) sold door to door?
What are consequences for municipal court judges and prosecutors after appeal?
If Barefoot v. Jennings is upheld by CA Supreme Court, what recourse would disinherited child have against undue influence by unscrupulous caretaker?
Someone broke my laptop, how should I handle this situation?
Legal Liability for mentally infirm
My attorney dropped me without reason
What are "US Business Activities" and "Effectively connected income", again?
Is it legal for a spouse to gamble against each other at home in the US?
Legal precedent paradox
No witness during contract
California Recording Law - Do recordings need to be used as stated?
Returning faulty item under long term UK warranty, but can't find accessory. What's my position?
Does using pirated software to gain money to pay for the same software make me liable?
Therapist violates confidentiality. Any laws applicable?
What copyright terminology do I need to include in my thesis (for a new encryption algorithm)?
Does the process of anonymizing web server logs count as 'Processing' under GDPR?
Property law: mobile homes and deeds
copyright question (constructs and presentations)
What options do I have for getting back a refund?
Is there any way in which a plain electronic copy of a public domain document is copyrightable?
if all customers always violate a contract, is enforcement legally impossible?
Name forged on automobile bill of sale
Do I need an Illinois Driver's License?
In Australia are there any legal concerns with parents giving school teachers gifts?
Can an email to a 3rd party be admitted as an evidence in the court? (Family Law UK)
How to ensure that the order drawn by a party is checked by another party?
How do I determine whether or not a book cover and its imagery is in the public domain?
motion practice and timeliness
Open transactions: how to get open transaction treatment in US tax law?
Can I have "Amazon" in my company's domain name?
Can a professor patent and license a technology if the development used software with non-commerical license?
How can a cash sale result in a voidable title?
Can I get in trouble for making a malware?
London - Final step of getting my deposit back
GDPR - How quick to honour unsubscribe?
Is the arrest of Huawei's CFO legal?
Regarding the Constitutionality of Ranked-Choice Voting
Changes to the privacy policy that require the user's consent: GDPR compliance
Can a conspiracy involve unknown persons
To what extent are estimates binding in contracts?
HIPAA and Shared Medical Records
Get power of attorney for someone in another state to handle matter in a third state
Can a pre-court settlement include an admission of guilt?
Is it legal to send someone a notorized legal document from an address that doesnt belong to them?
Is it legal to hire someone to conceive a baby with?
Can a company refuse a refund of a digital product, even if it has been less than 30 days since the costumer purchased the product?
How can the the USA legally ask illegal immigrants to pay taxes while denying them any legal basis of citizenship?
How to document mortgage payment arrangement with my partner?
How long can a 10 year old be sentenced for killing a baby in USA?
Tenancy at Will vs Periodic Tenancy: payment
Licensing - can any intangible thing of value to which an individual holds exclusive rights be licensed?
Should I stay schtum?
Is there a gap in the office of Speaker of the House?
Constructive Eviction: split of authority?
Is there contract law to protect tenants from leasing under false pretenses?
Does a DOJ grant of immunity protect against contempt of congress, or reenforce it?
What protocol is used in the case of Pleading Insanity?
What does a trial for Terrorism look like in France?
Using private software at work
GDPR: How does Airbnb get away with their signup form?
Legality of employment contract clause - Training reimbursement
How to deal with paypal claims?
How much can the GDPR be amended by EU member states in their national laws?
How can it be legal to buy and sell zero-day exploits in the US?
What if a law is literally impossible to follow?
Is peer-to-peer drug dealing illegal for the developer?
Can I take an employer to court for false promise? He promise me a temporal job for 2 months and din't fulfill that promises?
How do I press charges against my former broker for forgery?
Marijuana Extracts Equivalence to Marijuana Weight
What is "disclosure by transmission"?
Moving Easements: Is Massachusetts in the minority?
Organizational rights to access users' emails?
Write Play based on translation
Fee for Subject Access Request to GCHQ, Data Protection Act 2018
Can one appeal a small claims judgement in California
If an inventor were to create a top secret invention, does this person have a legal obligation to keep it secret?
Is it illegal to offer money for a pet in Massachusetts?
Is it theft/fraud if one sends confidential info from their work laptop to their own personal web mail but there is no malicious intent? (UK/US)
Song lyrics as (trademarked) slogan
Does GDPR apply to location data collected by apps?
How non-public could a disclosure/publication be, and still count as such for patent "prior art" and copyright purposes?
Why there was no trial for Michael Cohen
Can someone be fired for working less than 42.5 hours
"No logs" in Switzerland and Internet crime
Is everything legal for me due to psychiatric reasons?
Is there a catch in signing patent request documents
Lawyer wants to withdraw - Chapter 13
What happens if a party to a contract is purchased?
Are civil ICE detainees unconstitutionally punished, if the conditions in ICE centers are more restrictive(punitive) than maximum security prison?
What is the effect of a law which relies on false statements?
Is any photo of a toddler without a shirt on child pornography?
Instructor feels homework demonstrates student is a public hazard, can they show it to a mental health professional for confirmation?
Will I get in legal trouble if I use somebody else’s picture?
Can previous homeowner file a claim for hidden damage on their old property?
Patent law: What is the litmus test for 'inventive step' \'non obvious'?
When is it OK to not sign a traffic ticket
What constitutes "affordable" employee-sponsored coverage for a spouse and dependents?
Which crime is done or law violated when a person pushes other to commit suicide?
Interpretation of "the document speaks for itself" in answer to a complaint?
Responsibility of Microsoft for a bug in MS Excel
Will the new australian telecoms bill allow to compel companies to build spy functionality into their software?
Is it legal to trade receipts
Code compatible with a GPL licensed program published under a different license (GNU gettext)
Inheritance question: Is it worth it to talk to a lawyer?
Can 2 cars go at the same time at a stop sign?
Property rights: the power of testimonial disposition
Can a debt collector legally demand payment and threaten a credit score effect without validation of the debt until requested?
GDPR: Do I have to mention MailChimp in the privacy policy of a website if the registration form is only linked?
Campaign finance laws
Property law: title vs possession
A invites B onto their property. B finds a mislaid item. Can B keep it or does it go to A?
How can I read your cookie policy without using your site
Forced to sign NDA or no notice period
New Car Sold without Incident Reported
Can I use GPLv3 license in my project even if I am below 18 years old
Is it illegal for a parent to watch porn in front of a minor?
Defining good faith
Ruling striking down the Affordable Care Act
Decisions as a guardian of a disabled adult
Can you reuse the text of a contract you've signed with one party with another party?
Eviciting occupant of a house who has some equity in it in the US
Roommate caused water damage to our condo, what are my options?
Where could I find interest accrual rates for wage garnishments?
Settleing a lawsuit filed in Texas bust is governed by NJ law
Is there statutory interest on an unpaid debt, or can I only recover the principal?
Adverse Possession: Chaplin v Sanders
Federal prison and congressional testimony
Would a parking policy which is not posted be contestable in court?
Denying admission to students
Non-refundable Application Fee
If a broker (AKA man-in-the-middle-scammer) cheats a buyer, can the seller be held responsible?
My apartment complex's hot tub has been broken for multiple months now. I wouldn't have lived here if not for the hot tub
Why doesn't London airport's Lost Baggage policy conflict with Theft by Finding or other UK law?
Would it be feasbile to sign a document with your weaker hand and claim it wasn't your signature?
Test law for constitutionality without risking jail?
Public Library Bannning "Problem Patrrons" : Scope and Source of Authority?
Can this scheme be used to avoid forced disclosure?
Can someone legally require me to return a gift they gave me?
Can I sue the person who posted my private email online?
Can seller of property impose conditions on how it is used by the new owner?
Is it legal for an apartment complex to have me sign a lease and never discuss the fact they do quarterly inspections?
Russian Roulette Case
Is an uncocked semi-automatic with ammo in the clip considered “loaded”?
Anticipating "novelty" in patent law
Is a debt canceled if the creditor refuses a settlement offer?
The Lanham Act: how similar is too similar in trademarks
Removing footer credit for this specific theme
What is the legal basis that can prevent a carton being reused in Australia
Oregon v Newcomb: warrantless searches for animal welfare
Foreign national drawing up a will in the US
Why is signature used to sign contracts and not fingerprints?
Relative legislation and legal consequences
Is it really possible to use Google Analytics without consent, and if so, why exactly?
Correct places of service for companies in England and Wales
Is inheritence affected if a sibling has debts?
Does a cash-less place have to accept cash if other payment option failed?
Buying a house in a partnership
I got a speeding ticket. What can I expect in court?
Kellogg v National Biscuit Co
Fee Simple: trick question
Power of termination: how is it different from executory interest?
Multiple Life Tenants
Is it illegal to have a dashcam on a bike in France?
Is it illegal to record a voicemail greeting?
What are the implications of an obvious mistake in a signed employment contract?
Is a document signed using software considered legally binding?
Can an employer steal intellectual property?
Can the Landlord Kick us out 9 months before the contract end date?
Doctrine of Merger in Property Law
Is intercepting WiFi signals legal in the United Kingdom?
Prenuptials and Green Cards
If legal documents need "fill in the blanks", or if you can do it in a more structured way
Companies discriminating based off Political Views? Similarity to Religious Views?
Are Satanists legal in the US?
Which law prevented the extradition of this Nazi war criminal?
In Australia is it illegal to consume drugs, or only to possess them?
Can 3rd party websites share my personal information without my consent or knowledge?
In a divorce case, the attorney knowingly allows his client to commit perjury
CEO wants to step down to a VP position - when should board be notified?
False debt on credit report, original creditor bankrupt/ out of business multiple fraud lawsuits filed against them in state
Intentional Torts: dual vs single intent
How words affect apprehension in assault
Trespass to Chattel: possessor suing for bodily harm
No Pictures - Really?
Negligence: Common Law Duty of Care
Excuse in Negligence Per Se: why bother with excuses?
To what extent is this false advertising/deception?
Telephony Operations on Federally Enrolled U.S. Indian Reservations
Definition of Accident
alternatives to other party signing a contract
Who decides who can enter a jointly owned property?
Confidentiality of an arbitration award
Receiving a product after getting a refund
Any Terms of Service deemed invalid due to excessive length?
What makes a court able to assert jurisdiction over another sovereign state?
I am planning to petition citizenship for my brother in the US but have no birth certificate...?
Can I sue someone for publicly calling me a sex offender if I'm not one?
Is this Intellectual Property clause over-reaching?
Car insurance and liability in Michigan
Legality of ATF in their Final Review of Bump Stock regulation
If Internet Businesses need City Business Licenses
If you need a DBA (doing business as) if your company is legally named "Foo Bar Inc" but you want to be branded as "Foo"
Membership cancellation and poking the bear
Quitting Job on the first day? What would be my last day? (Germany)
if I use a meme in a video game can I legally profit off of it
Is there any way to know (in advance) if a particular arbitrator is fair?
Violating trespass warning - arrest after the fact?
Couple of questions regarding duress and rape in a hypothetical scenario
How much of a copyrighted book can I display in a web app?
Can a Non-EU citizen who worked in a EU country with specific work permit have the right to apply to ECHR for workplace discrimination?
Is EasyJet's website misleading and wrong regarding EU regulation 261?
Who is the legal owner of the Twitter account?
Police Officers Knocking at your door
Jurisdiction vs. Venue in Federal Courts?
is a state-run monopoly a market participant?
Do US laws apply worldwide? Which US laws apply worldwide?
Can GDPR violations lead to piercing of the corporate veil?
Is my no pets clause being unreasonably executed?
Reclaiming property that is evidence in case
Can a federal judge rule a higher sentence than the state attorney/prosecutor proposed in the US?
Key elements of software engineering NDA
How to write a legal contract DIY
The necessary and proper clause
Is mandatory binding arbitration enforceable if the contract violation is also a criminal violation
Meaning of "reasonable inference" and "speculative level"
"Space Data Corp. v. X" on the NDA protection of trade secrets
Example of a real-world (sophisticated) NDA (perhaps in the technology field)
The effect that listing permutations has on the power/legitimacy of a legal document
Are memes fair use
What is prospective relief and executory decree?
Which law in China obliges LinkedIn users to confirm their identity before using LinkedIn services?
If you must include all of the natural language prose in a legal document, or if it can be abstracted out
If legal code numbers ever get revised
If there are any fully valid/legally accepted digital/electronic signature techniques in the US
Are seat-belt warning alarms mandatory (in the UK)?
What recourse do I have when someone has bought an old domain of mine, and mirrored my content (badly)?
Why it's not just 1 contract instead of a few
Can the name of a fictional place be used on merchandise?
The order of operations for getting a trade secret document signed
How to prevent the problem of a document changing its content after you signed it
Appropriate releif for improper sale by court-appointed trustee and special fiduciary?
How notary documents are kept when the notary passes on
If Electronic Notaries are a real thing
Is girl's night legal?
Is it legal to use self-defense against police brutality?
What standards must US ISPs currently uphold in the quality of their speed and ping?
Consent to be recorded in public
Is there any country where wealth inheritance is taxed or restricted?
Does copyright law extend to ideas expressed in movies?
If lease doesn't specify termination, how long does one have to move out?
Refusal to Accept Information in Certain Forms
Does my Personal Web App need to comply to GDPR?
Unauthorized use of checking account
Telecommuter tax burden - California worker for a Pennsylvania company
Can my employer hold my 401k funds and not allow me to continue to contribute?
Can a company selectively allow violations of their Terms of Service?
Copyright question about selling photographs/postcards of owned antiques
Is it legal to patent an idea and then not use it?
Difference in severance package between 2 employees within a one month span
Is this fraud by abuse of position?
Help regarding revenge site/cyberstalking/cybersquatting
Can I use non-commercial software for a project that may earn money in the future?
Differences between Dismissal with Prejudice, Summary Judgment, Directed Verdict, JMOL, and JNOV?
Emails from clients and GDPR
Consent to illegal activity
Is furry cub porn considered pedophilia?
Can people sue the state lottery for jeopardizing physical or financial safety due to lack of anonymity?
Document proving date of receiving U.S. citizenship
Is it proper to use "I" in a privacy policy?
Can a store ban me?
Finland: Criteria to judge a drawn picture child pornography (and legality of virtual child pornography in general)
In Europe, is it legal to have a fully consentual open marriage? (specifically sexual relationships with other couples)
Etsy Production During Work Hours
UK Consumer Rights Act - Can a third party rectify a fault?
Does talking about jury nullification get you blocked from jury duty?
Accident with a truck stopped on the road side to do road work with no sign
Can my employer deduct my holiday bonus from my check if I quit right away after receiving the bonus?
What are the types of authority required for the release of medical records?
Can I invert other companies' logos and use them for advertising them on my site?
Tax law and holding accounts (like Kickstarter)
A company (EU) sells potentially dangerous chemicals to anybody. What can I do as a citizen?
Is the White House Weekly Address copyrighted?
How to fix a forged endorsement on a cashier’s check
Car was registered and insured but proof wasn't in the car
Did citizens of New Hampshire have the ability to buy their way out of military service in WW2?
Real Estate Appraiser
Can I make a contract on behalf of a company before it's incorporated with myself as the liable party?
Is the Judge allowed to ask about your nationality or citizenship during a speeding ticket hearing?
What can I do if someone posts nude pictures of me on the Internet?
Is it allowed to "copy" a video game concept?
Legal protections for an expired email domain
School Security Video and FERPA/IDEA
Can non-witnesses legally refuse to answer questions from judge?
what is the validation of logo design?
How Honest Should One Be With Their Lawyer?
United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)
Is it acceptable to send flowers to a judge after a routine administrative proceeding?
How to ensure that no one can copy my app design and name
Does the government have to accept cash for taxes?
Liability for data when reselling used data storage (US)
Exemplary (punitive) damages vs. recovery of attorney’s fees: Is one a subset of the other?
Is it legal to include trademarked words in a game?
Undeclared participation in wars and other armed conflict under international law
Is it legal to have a "Create custom x" in your D&D program, if that can result in the enduser violating the copyright?
Are there measures taken when the executive branch doesnt follow orders from the judicial branch?
What does "Justicides" mean?
Is it legal for landlord to submit a post-dated check early then apply fees for it bouncing
Using Lithium-poly battery in a commercial product
What is the legislation which prevents dual-nationality in Malaysia?
Legal status of responsible disclosure
Ultra vires and termination of a court's general equitable power to supervise an estate?
Protecting myself against my future self
Is a website OK with GDPR if it is not permitting the users to delete their posts?
In the United States, is Freedom of the Press absolute, or are there limits on it?
Can I use a branded product name and/or product pictures in their retail packaging in my paid cooking video?
Can the warranty on a laptop be transferred to a new owner?
What, besides the younger person's complaint, has caused DAs to prosecute statutory rape?
Are over-zealous indemnity clauses enforceable?
(NC, USA) Employer promised in interview (and verified by email) that time off was paid. Now saying it isn't after I came back
When does an improvement patent require (or not require if that's easier) a license from the holder of the original patent?
Can I register current vehicle on another state for my wife to use it and buy another in the state I am currently In?
Invention ideas without a prototype?
Is intentionally advertizing and billing for more service than provided legal if the contract mentions that the quality of service is variable?
Is it illegal for a driver to ask a young lady to get in?
Which regions trademark has precedence in Google Play and Apple's app store?
Does a EULA protect the developer
Who is the owner of website client or agency?
How to "sign anywhere"
how are companies like metasploit and trustedsec and rapid7 legally protected?
Spent convictions
how does the court define being "in the presence of..."? ie if my girlfriend sleeps over and never sees the kids
Do you have to follow all the orders a police officer gives?
Why is Pacific Beach, San Diego County specified in CA PRC §14571.4
Intellectual property and storage medium
Deferred Operator, Borrowing Vehicle, Bodily Injury Coverage
How would one go about starting an electric car company?
Can I sample my synthesizer's sounds to use in my own commercial game releases?
What are the likely outcomes if I run out of money when renting a property?
Access to broken parts, after a repair, in the EU
Is it okay to commercially use Youtube videos that have creative commons license?
Does a website owner (data controller) have to disclose its data processors in its privacy policy?
Received defective Rx. Pharmacy and manufacturer refuses to refund me
Why OpenBazaar is legal and Silk Road was busted?
Copyright laws regarding using the suffix of an established Brand name
What order does a court case take place?
If two spouses are named in an agreement but only one signs, is it valid?
Leaving company and wiping personal data
Can I go after my employer for false promises? New Jersey
When are contracts (like NDAs) binding?
Pregnancy discrimination against woman who does professional surrogacy on the side
GDPR: Transmitting results from secondary to primary care records
Is it illegal for a company to sell an item it does not currently have in stock?
Particular Copyright Transfer Agreement - dubious or clear?
Does SB-876 apply to me
GDPR: How to respond to clinicians who ask for subject access requests for results to be made in writing
GDPR article 20, portability of future data
JetBrains Student Licenses - OSS allowed?
What does "Government of India" means in Fundamental Rights?
In Florida, can institutions be payable-on-death beneficiaries?
License to grant intellectual property of paper created in a company
Does GDPR impose requirement for an EU based e-mail address?
Does right to Data Access request /GDPR supersede restrictions in Employment contract of previous employer
Is the power company responsible for trimming trees with power lines running through?
Can I pay less taxes because of the government shutdown?
Can usage of Google Analytics (without consent) be considered a legitimate interest?
Trademark holder doesn't grant permission due to 'high request volume'; any risks?
Do I have to link to the glyphicon website?
Why US apostille is not valid for use in US?
Contact sports and assault
Possible legal steps for psychological damage caused by a company
Can I use "Donald Trump" in my brand name?
Envelope stuffing job advertisements in usa
Can your landlord raise rent for running a business?
Do courts award legal costs to successful pro se litigants?
Roommate not on the lease wants to move out without giving 30 day notice
Cancellation of debts in different countries
Getting one company to delete my personal information
Do I need a copyright symbol or similar when referencing program names?
I want to use a cover of a song by Alicia Keys and want to know if anyone here can help me figure it out
Java SE 11 New commercial license
Legally withold payment for services rendered beyond a weekly limit? - Canada
Can Congress authorize suits against states in pursuance to the Fifteenth Amendment?
In fiction, is it legal to state a newspaper wrote an article when in fact it never did?
At what point is a marriage lawful?
Are text message agreements legally binding in CA small claims court?
Can I permanently waive all my past and future copyrights?
What should you do if you mistakenly charge personal expenses to a company debit card?
E-3 visa sponsored by own company
Would it be legal to send an active electronics device through the postal system?
Is there a difference between "say" and "submit" in court parlance?
Photo Moving Violation Tickets in DC
Does attourney client privilege protect communication with an employee?
Does a medical center's acceptance of a partial payment imply establishment of a payment plan?
Does a non-competition clause bond me to a minimum term of employment?
Leash laws for service animals in New Jersey
Was my GDPR request not complied with?
Agreeing to only do "academic research", doing academic research, but then spinning off a startup based on academic research
Can a realtor take marketing photos of the interior of a rental for selling the property?
Can a non-indian spouse claim rights/share in Indian properties on divorce?
What is the label associated with AirBNB?
Termination in Residential Lease Contracts
Is the NYC gender identity law too harsh?
When Is It Illegal To Show Emails That Were Sent To Me
Question about Medicaid & Alimony
Does a Copyright owner lose his copyright if another one registered before him?
Source of Supreme Court's authority to overrule prior Supreme Court decisions
Yahoo Messenger and the GDPR
Provisions on lease contract not fulfilled
Under Oregon Landlord-Tenant Law, are flat cleaning fees charged to all tenants aside from carpet cleaning fees legal?
Questions regarding laws on technology designed to avoid prosecution?
Can a landlord charge an addendum fee to add/drop a name on an existing lease
Are there any legal terms to use for charging the client for downtime hours at reduced full-time rate?
Can a data subject be asked to share a limited part of their data if it would be in their interest to do so?
If a company agrees to pay travel cost for a job interview, is the promise binding and enforceable?
Is it legal to crawl the internet and use content to inform ML models?
Whats the consumer's rights when an online account has been breached?
How courts can supercede constitutional rights
Does the sixth amendment protect the right to compulsory process for other types of evidence?
Book Publishing and Republishing
Is it permissible by law to charge tenants for additional roommates?
Are indemnity agreements common with family lawyers?
Can a party argue they did not know a contract was changed before signing it?
Can the Queen still dissolve parliament?
Do/can integration clauses terminate other contracts?
Are software licenses copyrighted?
Is it illegal to influence an on-line poll by creating false responses?
What is the scope of Interpreter code of ethics coming into play in future congresional investigations?
Cohen paying IT firm to rig news polls at the behest of Trump - who is at fault and what is the crime, if any?
Is it normal to be ordered to leave a crime scene in Lisbon, Portugal? Must I?
Given notice of redundancy before 2 years employment, end date is after 2 years of employment - entitled to statutory redundancy pay?
What counts as redistribution of copyrighted calculation?
What happens to copyright owned by a defunct publisher company?
What does "lived together as man and wife" mean?
Will company with product with ® sue me if my company name is the same as their product?
Can the majority party/coalition in UK Parliament remove the PM and vote in a new one without calling for total new nationwide elections?
Question on intent in Texas forgery case
Are laws requiring fees and classes to practice 2nd Amendment constitutional?
Identity Leakage - Universal Financials
How long can one be detained without a court hearing?
Can my non-EU wife be deported from France for a visa refusal?
Can landlord backbill 4.5 years worth of utilities that were never billed to us bimonthly as directed in the lease? (RSO rental)
Annual Contract of employment with the same employer
Responsible GDPR data protection authority (DPA) responsible for non-EU companies?
Does possesing BUT NOT processing a personal data make the organization their controller?
Expert trying to blame me for an accident
Re-Releasing, Re-Naming and Re-Writing Open Source GNU V3 Licensed software
How to get a court order for deceased relatives birth certificate?
if a politician blocks a constituent on Facebook, is it a breach of the constituent's first amendment rights?
What principal of law allows the US federal government to demand that people work without pay?
Is a non-compete enforceable if it doesn't mention a geographical area?
Can creating a web scraper be illegal?
Why are legal motions so formal in language?
Is it illegal to say online that a particular individual should be assaulted?
Protecting IP of video subject
Defective software update instructions irreparably breaks product. Do any UK consumer or product liability laws apply?
How to pressure college covering-up incompetent professor?
When does a quitclaim deed actually transfer property in Florida?
massachusetts 272 section 99 (c)(1)
Is there a minimum speed limit on US hwy 60 in OK? Are bicycles legal on US hwy 60 in OK?
Does registering a company in order to digitally sign your software with an Extended Validation certificate increase your legal risk?
How do I legally quote one or two lines of lyrics in a novel I plan to publish?
In Victoria, does a LR license held by a P2 allow you to drive a car without probationary plates
Video Copyright: Can I mix my videos to one video and copyright one time?
Why was Judge Jacksons ruling in DoJ vs Microsoft overturned in the anti-trust hearing of 2001?
can exceptional circumstances invalidate one article?
When does software copyright expire on defunct products (i.e. Lotus 1-2-3)
Do I need an active consent according to GDPR?
FERPA clarification: record disclosure vs personal knowledge
Who actually enforces the bill of rights
Can I be assigned hours after promised a week off?
UK Law - Working Contracts
Is this privacy statement from a solicitors in line with GDPR?
What kinds of pictures can I used for my poster without violating copyright laws?
Usage of song snippets in a prototype app
Is lawyer going to be prosecuted if it is proven that he/she certainly knew that his/her client is guilty but continued to deny it in court?
Open source licenses and auxiliary content
Would it be legal to have an infinitely long middle name?
Can multiple interrogatories be served so long as the net number of questions remains below the number permitted?
Disclosing records no longer maintained, FERPA
“color of authority” Matt Whitaker vs inventor with complaint
Buying guns from America if I am European
Wouldn't it be hard to kick someone out who never signed a lease?
Traveling abroad with expired green card
Interpretation of EU legislation
Does a quitclaim deed imply that the grantor has some interest in the property
Is it illegal to start a cult following after a specific person? (Who is unaware of it)
Could the USA force all porn sites onto .xxx domain?
Meaning of "apart from this section"
Is there a term denoting definitions that are contrary to a term's plain meaning?
Status of ipse dixit statements
Using older version of JDK8 after January, 2019
Legality of importation of Insulin from Mexico
Am I owed this profit-sharing benefit after quitting?
Invention assignment in case of live/work arrangement in California
Inline Linking Copyrighted Material
What is the minimum required pre-provision net profit (PPNR)?
Someone used my bank account to do online fraud
Would I be violating terms of service if I asked for permission but got no reply?
Is it against the policy to take automated screenshots of public data (Twitter tweet)?
What should happen if I break a housing contract?
Can a design freelancer be sued for “potential earnings lost” by a client?
Why would rescinding DACA privileges be illegal?
When did the speed limit on this road change?
Consumer rights for internet contracts - additional costs incured - Germany
Can a search based on evidence obtained illegally be a legal search?
Overtime hours & exemption for salaried 'Computer Professional' in California?
Are artificially generated personal data covered by the GDPR?
Can I use a cancelled trademark if the owner is still manufacturing the product?
Company makes confidential CV publicly available and searchable. Legal recourse?
Case law, statutory law, the UK and the European Union
In the EU, with GDPR in force, can a company refuse service if a customer doesn't want marketing emails?
Why would someone get a fine when using a disabled parking space when the disabled person is not in the car?
Would there be any legal risk to informing bank that you have been given an account number your believe is compromised?
If police collected evidence based off of a call they suspected, but couldn't prove, was fruadulant would the evidence be upheld?
Can my employer gather personal data without written consent
Is a step by step route considered as personal data?
Under which country's law is perjury across borders adjudicated?
If a Lawyer holds back evidence
Could US President use the Secret Service to gain entry into the Capitol Building for the SOTU address?
US extradition or domestic prosecution of US based foreign cyber crime?
Can I claim compensation for been wrongly accused?
Carelessly used Visual Studio Preview to develop an app that I'd like to release; what are my options?
If Two Different Companies Have Sold the Same Product Under the Same Name, Is Trademarked Name Enforceable?
Is permanent residence (unbefristete Niederlassungserlaubnis) in Germany counted as visa?
Must an American company comply with Australian surveillance law?
Are State-Authorized Century Farm Programs Titles of Nobility?
Can BAC (blood alcohol content) be interpolated for DUI/DWI criminal prosecution?
Does the minimum salary test apply to small companies?
Driver's liability for friend passenger's losses in an accident
ORC 5312 - Privacy Laws
What counts as an offer being accepted?
Self defense during execution
Legality of reverse engineering when licensing code stops working and the author is deceased?
Ticket Wording - tag
US Constitution - Art. 1 Section 7
How to find commercial litigation in state of California?
Other customer grabbing my shopping
How are open source licenses valid without consideration?
Is it illegal to view voyeur videos
Reuse an image from google local guides
E2 Visa company converted from LLC to C-Corp
If Roger Stone is pardoned for crimes involving lying, can he tell the same lies under oath in the future?
Throwing tomatoes at a poster of a politician
What is the company structure that will effectively limit liability to the parent company, and not any of it's subdivisions?
Is it legal to use old software illegally?
Is it sufficient to provide a privacy policy only in english language?
What if rules for a public transport are only visible on a website and not in Metro / Bus?
Verbal confirmation of contract extension but fell through?
Trading card booster packs, loot boxes, the lottery, and your interpretation
Replication of user data a violation of GDPR
What is the correct length of time in which a landlord must provide rent increase notices in the UK?
I bought an apartment on plan and it doesn't seems to respect the acoustic standards. What can I do?
Where to file Operating Agreement for an LLC?
Is a quit claim deed legally accepted if filed with the county?
In which jurisdictions outside the EU can the GDPR be enforced?
LOAN DEFAULT UK-US Citizens
I bought a house with my mother she is not paying her half of the mortgage
What about if a company use the information that you shared during interview
Repeatability of class action cases
What is a Formal Patent Search of Classification in Canadian patent law?
Requirement that members of the US Electoral College vote for candidates from two different states
Help interpretting Florida Statute and specifically Jurisdiction on the waters of the state
Can the law be used to falsify science?
Privacy Policy for my App - asked by Client's Legal Department
What would count as reasonable grounds for refusal of a pet?
Home warranty dropping the ball, during emergency situation. Any recourse?
Do Directors serving at the pleasure of a specific class of investor owe fiduciary duties to other classes of investors?
Can an abutter park on my property if they have a right of way easement?
Cause of action for data processor where the data controller neglects to notify supervisory authority
Right to travel(transportation code definitions)
Am I required to re-attach neighbours gate to my fence post?
Is there a procedure that takes place if it is determined (retroactively) that a law is impossible to implement to comply with it?
Can a healthcare facility keep driver licenses
What state child support laws govern?
United States: Can an insurance company sell a policy that pays fines and costs incurred by the policyholder knowingly breaking the law?
How can i complain in germany from india against a pio card holder person holding german passport. Born of india
Email commitment possibly broken by big company
Does sending email with personal data require agreement with email provider under GDPR?
Should I be concerned my vpn server provider is based in the U.K.?
Trademark or Copyright for song title and lyrics
Can I use CC BY-NC licenced music in my freemium mobile game?
Do you have to provide information about processing personal data for contact persons?
Do licence terms of Microsoft Visual Studio Community allow me to distribute applications developped with it?
Standing to sue the President for injunction to stop National Emergency Powers
Auto Body Shop Repair
Buyers "breach of contract" by not providing "proof of funds"....is it enforcable and nulls purchase contract?
How do I tell if a settlement offer is good enough?
Question about potentially illegal construction
DMCA: How can ISP ever avoid liability, ISP always gets financial benefit from user content infringement
By selling a flagged solution to a student to catch them cheating, would the seller be liable for the breach of contract?
What are the legal risks in removing other people's baggage from a conveyor in baggage reclaim?
Can the owner of an open social media account be held accountable for attached comments made by others?
Is it possible to cancel a tenancy with someone who is most probably a fraudster, just for being a fraudster?
Can a woman sue a person who informs her child about the abortions she has had?
Does the adultery law in New York affect the person being used to cheat with?
Merchandise left at a retailer
Consulting: Are financial models and presentations considered IP?
Artificially lowering home purchase price on paper (Ontario Canada)
Corporate governance
Can a Federal Actor, through coercion, or by the omission of information, force a U.S. citizen to waive a state-given Constitutional right?
Exclusionary Rule and testimony
Does statute take precedence over case law (in the US)?
Hypothetical code leak frame up - how to defend?
Charging someone with theft of virtual currency
Non Disclosure Agreement
Migration and marriage
Is it legal to terminate employee after them not signing an optional contract?
Using recorded music for a light show
Tied into 2 year contract with incompetent accountant (UK)
For USPTO trademark purposes, can the printing of artwork on non-paper substrates be filed under class 16?
Personal information online (Instagram) no way to control
How to split Rent-a-Room scheme tax exemptions with joint owners
Printing and other rights in respect of a pseudonymously authored text posted online
Can a family member evict another without formal lease or being household owner?
Can I use this code in my own commercial projects?
Is there a need for a license agreement when two programmers want to join forces on a common side project?
Does an admin have the right to read private messages in social media and apply TOS?
Public accommodation arbitrary refusal of service example?
Is there a law about mixing alcohol in eatables in India
I have doubts about the Github licensing issue
Does the establishment clause prevent schools from promoting religious doctrine as truth?
Can a person obtain a notarization under an alias?
Undisclosed Cancelation Fees
Do people have the right to comment or live blog professional sports in the United States?
Can I use this other code in my own commercial projects?
How is the burden of evidence distributed between parties?
Does a statute of limitation apply to Virginia's mask law?
Defendants terminated v. dismissed
What makes laws against wearing masks constitutional?
Legally, what agreement is entered into when posting a letter (in Germany)?
How do i evict a son who wont work, pays nothing and is 26 years old. I'm the homeowner
How hard is it to sue and win an employer wrongful termination or other suit
landlord asking other tenants to spy on each other
Am I allowed to reverse engineer/decompile a computer program?
Does publishing code under open-source license remove property rights?
Dispute unpaid debt of a deceased family member
With NO written contract or non-compete in place, how does the law (NY, NJ, FL, CA) view contacting former clients?
Image source and copyright disagreement
How does real estate / private land ownership come into existence?
Is a lie by ommission to make it seem like a legal offices services are required legal?
What to do if ex changes child school without my consent? (UK)
Does the UAE law set the method of capital punishment for a given crime?
Why can image search engines use all images without asking for permission?
Can we identify the main source of new law in the UK?
Can guns be controlled asymmetrically?
Firearm provision in lease agreement
Does a university have rights to an invention of product which was created during one's active enrollment?
In what languages do I make the legal pages of my website
Selling US patented product in US from Canada
Convert document/e-book to audiobook
Legally enforceable contract?
Neighbor blocks our narrow road with his cars specially when parking, can we file a criminal case against them?
Do you have to surrender "ideas" in intellectual property transfer?
Can a lawyer subject the court to a (temporarily) ruse for a legitimate purpose?
Is it work-for-hire if the hirer doesn't own copyright on collective work?
What is the meaning of "Additionally, and subject to our obligations hereunder and under X"?
Is it legal for manufacturers to lock bootloaders on Android phones?
Is employer liable for theft of personal property
Holding Period Algorithms and the Blockchain
Recovery for loss of employee: Actio per quod servitium amisit?
Does the UK have HOAs? (homeowner associations / Stratas /Syndic)
Does binary code need legal protection?
Additional question regarding state authority and masks
What is the "penalty" for placing fake orders of treasury bonds?
Responsibility when making claims about the license of a work
Are Protected Classes Bi-directional?
Do I have to pay the dental bill that is much higher than estimate?
Extra tenant outside of contract
What is the reason behind the FMLA requirement of working at a location where employer has at least 50 employees?
Should I have a privacy policy on my personal website?
Can't GDPR compliance be trivially bypassed?
Could leaking insider information eliminate insider trader concerns?
Would revealing/storing whether or not an EU customer uses a service violate the GDPR?
Do Bitcoin nodes need consent to store EU citizen's personal data?
How to notify the use of cookies (Cookie Law Notice)
Bank is not depositing my promotion bonus
Facial Recognition Data of Minors
Is there a difference in "termination of employment" qualifying event trigger between group health insurance and 401(k)?
A man killed my son and married one of the witnesses. Can the witness's statements still be used in court against him?
Is there any case law on counsel perpetrating ruses on witnesses?
What can a city do for parking tickets
Do arrestees have the right to private communication with a lawyer?
Is the National Enquirer guilty of the crime of blackmail?
Is it legal to unlock artificially limited hardware yourself?
If a mother dies and leave the Insurance money to her husband, can the children make the step father give them any money?
Can I take a second job at a potential customer of my first job?
Sister and 23 yr old niece won't move out of deceased mom's house
Legal Limits for damage reparation
Criminal Liability for judges under 42 USC 290-dd2(f) and 42 CFR 2.63 [Confidentiality of Substance Abuse Patient Records]
QDRO preparation or money dispersion in 75 days?
Can a Judge Review Case Facts Without Going to Trial?
Can a former employer (U.S.) use/withhold owed commissions as leverage?
Facebook shared w/o permission?
Is the Pelosi-Trump "f-you clap" State of the Union photo in the public domain?
sexual assault, intoxication, consent
Why would a party to civil proceeding suggest amicus curiae (counsel assisting the court)?
Are cops required by law to have "reasonable suspicion" in order to detain a person? If so, do they have to inform the detainee about the suspicion?
Is consent of the man to the act that caused a pregnancy necessary to establish legal parental obligations?
is being threatened to death and toture enough to get refugee status in another country?
Why register many similar marks?
What is the responsibility of a co-signer upon death of a tenant within the first lease cycle?
What can happend if I am sexting with an underage girl from another country?
Is it possible and how to get all the information on a corporation in Canada, BC
How startups are able not to pay minimum salaries to their employees?
Is it common to have both a criminal case and a civil case for the same incident?
If someone tells you to trespass, can you trespass?
Can I legally live stream or publish a Stratego game video without permission?
Can NGROI defense be argued after a guilty verdict?
Corporate law in India
Is it legal for employers to ask for social media handles?
How does one get a Personal Violence Order against someone whose name is not known?
Laws "insulating" police from lawsuits
What can I not call my store?
Can I accept a food delivery addressed to my house?
I received a notice of toll violation, but I believe I paid my tolls. How to dispute?
Are judges limited in their reasoning to arguments raised by the parties?
Jurisdition of copyright infrigment
Can DPO do an internal audit of information security according to ISO 27001?
Is it a felony for a teen to design a knife and put into production?
Can we get bail immediately after conviction under section 294 by JMFC? (in India)
Is the termination of a contract valid without a confirmation paper?
Are witnesses evidence?
Application code shared between GNU and Comercial software
What subcontracting rights does court-ordered daycare have?
What other ways are used to record court proceedings other than "stenographers?"
What are the rights of an estate when a tenant dies in a rental unit?
No-Fault State Auto Insurance
Is geocoding an IP address but not storing it considered processing under GDPR?
Minimal GDPR requirements for a website
If a contract to purchase a home is modified after signing without a party's consent, will it be null and void?
Is it perjury lying to a Med. Examiner. & Funeral Dir. about being next of kin?
Is it legit to use Custom Controller Buttons in Games?
Where is the legal responsibility to maximise shareholder value stated in UK company law?
Closed-source licence that limits liability and warranty
Can reporting illegal income be used as incriminating evidence?
Living Above a Restaurant
Moth in canned peas!
How much do I have to pay a licensed contractor bill if terms were not discussed before work was completed
Websites using GPL-licensed libraries
Can a month be considered four weeks of work in employment case
Priority between signed contract and adoption agreement
Legally, in the U.S. (NY, NJ, FLA), what determines the difference between a THREAT and NEGOTIATING, for either side?
Insurance Company sending possible PHI to the wrong mailing address
Can a litigant in person prepare the bundle?
How can someone prove their income?
Is this a case of improper entry into the US?
Can an immigration law firm in Bulgaria sue me in the US?
Can a trademark owner prevent third parties to create software for the related trademark service?
Why receiving mail at address is important legal factor?
Can a will be written this way?
Does a shareholder of a company also have copyright rights?
What are the regulations regarding position statements?
Landlord renting parking space he doesn't own - UK
"Laws and Regulations"
Data Scraping public athlete name and performance data. Does this need to be treated as personal data?
being forced to use Express Scripts (mail order delivery) on perscriptions
Amending Motions
Explanatory vs Exploratory evidence in legal proceedings
Limitation of Liability cant exclude all types of Liabilities?
anonymisation/redaction of public website content as response to 'right to erasure'
Does a bail-jumper have any recourse from being apprehended with the help of illegally obtained information?
Recording Conversations at Work
Do teens have to pay tax for the funds they get from crowdfunding?
FAA medical certification and the American with Disabilities Act
Using BC License Plates in Alberta
Who, at a company, is allowed to release code under (open source) license?
Licensing an idea to public?
Does this image with a subject containing graffiti in the background infringe on the graffiti artist's copyright?
A Specified Percentage Of Quorum Is Required To Carry A Motion
Should all gdpr related documents be translated to all official EU languages?
Senate nuclear option
Is it illegal to infringe copyright if your boss or your client ordered you to do it?
Involved in a hit and run where I didn't know there was a hit and left the scene. What now?
Private copies of books
When is a Web-Site Owner Obligated to Report a Crime?
Frivolous / Nuisance Suit
What are the implications of US LLC state and foreign entities?
Legal precedent vs. statutory law
I am a judgment creditor. How do I use the court to enforce my rights (without a lawyer)?
Why would a 4 member board be required to be reduced to 3 members?
Single Frame from a 1973 Movie
For products shipped across state lines, who gets the taxes?
combining stock images and footage
Am I a taxable business?
Is it considered as double-edged knife or not?
What responsibility do I have when exporting knives to other country?
How the rights work about selling a program which works with other open source code?
Are the images pulled from the google places API allowed to be used on our website?
Revesal of Tax Preparation fee
Open Source Contributor Agreements and Consideration
Company claims they never received my check but I have the cleared check image from my bank and money was deducted. Who is liable?
Is information only about financial transactions personally identifiable in terms of GDPR?
Can you unilaterally renege on a signed contract if the other party tries to push you into doing something illegal?
Verbal Agreement To Pay Rent On A Certain Date Admissable in Court
Pawnshop in TN transfered my pawned firearm without my prior consent
Where is the bright line for practicing law?
Logic or reasons for DA not bringing felony charges after an arrest warrant is issued
GDPR the other way arround
Why did Ross Ulbricht get a much higher sentence than Blake Benthall?
Is making a home music server legal?
Is recording a neighbors yard legal in Colorado, USA?
Suing a Cellular Company that Charged Me for Years Without My Knowledge
Can police sent official request per email only (UK)?
How can my company become an executor for social media account removal in the event of a death?
Validity of non-compete clause across several countries
Can OSHA fine the owner and sole worker of a LLC
Is it legal to advertise something as "free" that requires membership fee or entrance fee or purchase?
Is it illegal to masturbate inside public toilet behind closed door out of view from the public?
Paying for a housemate's share of utilities when we are unable to
Can I use my own Open Source code in commercial software I'm writing?
Can I share scammers personal details online? What type of details can I share?
How likely am I to receive compensation? (UK)
Can Snapchat sue me if I use name "Snap" in my commercial project?
If photos are PII under GDPR, how are most photos on the web legal?
Must I always ask permission if I use code someone other wrote?
Should I put my business's copyright notice on my client's website?
Is it illegal to have two over-the-counter pills in the same jar?
Way to first publish a work outside of the US in the Internet era
Is this considered Kidnapping under law?
In case of using what communication channels a person does not have a reasonable expectation of privacy?
Are there any examples of selling unsealed videogame as "new" being illegal?
How the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) impacts a non-Californian business?
Can a sysadmin ever read emails or PMs on his server, when secrecy of correspondence is in the constitution?
Right to Drive on Public Roads
Unauthorised Use of Discount Code
Is it legal to store copyrighted content on other mediums for personal use?
Why is Software Piracy Considered Theft?
Is it legal to translate light novel works from Korea and publishing it on a website located in the EU?
The case of creating personal data by combining non-personal data
What practical confidentiality protections can BSA offer to software piracy whistleblowers?
Self Defense- Lethal Force- Taser & Knife Vs. Fire Arm
Can I share online some complaints I have raised against my university?
Can a copyrighted work be asigned via an adhesion contract?
Rubik's cube image rights EU court decision
What happens if an individual exceeds the maximum to be donated to a presidential candidate?
Can I legally make a website about boycotting a certain company?
Boss asks for possibly illegal action
Music Law - what type of liscence is required?
Why is everyone affraid to give "legal advice"? What is the difference between legal advice and personal opinion?
How can a copyright liccense be irrevocable under US law
Freely accessible work on the Internet: publication or public performance/display?
Would this be an Infringement of expression of pacman in my own game?
Why is everyone afraid to give "legal advice"? What is the difference between legal advice and personal opinion?
Is in-browser crypto mining legal?
On using a trademark (e.g. "lego") in the name of an unrelated scientific work
Can product replacement terms be left open to interpretation?
Icy conditions, who is to blame?
Popular websites using images from other websites with a link-back to source in the credit
Signed contract to buy house that has tenant
How to move out of a contract with my scamming landlord
Is it legal to record TSA agents?
Arizona laws regarding ownership of ground glassware for chemistry usage
Designer starting business and what area of laws to investigate
Ex-husband & I bought car for daughter
Can an employer place someone on medical leave even though a doctor says they are ok to work?
Is revoking citizenship for affiliation with a terrorist group a violation of international law?
Authorized Signature on a bank check to a customer
How to find an information about corporate assets?
Is it legal to ignore "Do Not Track" for data subjects who fall under the GDPR?
Work remotely in a EU country for a non EU company
Legality of current salary question: which state's law applies
Is CE marking necessary for product used by myself?
Removing Developer Name From Software
Can a lease specify reasons for withholding a security deposit beyond what the law lists as allowable
Can a LGBT person sue the parents of a child who refuses to sell lemonade to them?
Does a Creative Commons license protect monetization rights of the original work?
Does the "Expired - Lifetime" status of US patents allow all types of future use of the IP?
Is it truly illegal for the US army to hire someone with IQ less than 83?
Can my landlord refuse to renew our lease due to downsizing of purchased lots?
Is a cop allowed to use deadly force under the following circumstances?
Why the german "Agentur für Arbeit" would oficially support companys acting against german law?
Labour law on meal breaks in Ontario
What is the legality of using patented hardware with open-source software?
What is a software developers liability for medical devices
When does a person lose diplomatic status?
MIT License - Footer Link and Paid Removal Option
Florida HOA Director Conflict of interest?
Written document from meeting in spite of a contract
Can the police video-record sexual acts of underage children during an investigation?
Are warning labels required by law in Washington State
Does the 5th Amendment only apply to federal government
Death caused by (possible) oversight by doctor. What recourse is there?
What is the legal procedure for suing to void a contract for non-performance?
Can a layman conduct legal proceedings on behalf of a corporation for which he works in New Hampshire?
Can a license agreement apply to a physical object?
Liability for insurance if electric/water supply installation for a kitchen done by myself in Germany
R. Kelly and Statute of Limitations
Can a defendent travel overseas if served with a claim/summons to UK civil court?
Do lawyers have to prove their claim that they represent an entity?
How to preserve resources while trying to solidify a shaky marriage
Equivalents to California's Ellis Act
Is it required by law to have a prescription to get an MRI scan in the United States?
UK - Bought a domain through a web hosting provider - now they say I can't have it
E-signing: legal ramifications of "identifying" a person
In small claims court, can either party have a lawyer? Can decisions be appealed?
Equivalent of "illegal" for violating civil law
Are there non-marriage legal arraignments with similar protections in Montana?
Are damages in non-disclosure agreements regarding illegal acts enforceable?
What happens if OCI (Overseas Citizenship of India) is not renewed?
Is it legal to have a opt-out of marketing emails checkbox under GDPR?
Case Law Regarding The Theft Lost of Property
I'm a Canadian Citizen and want to marry an American Citizen, but still live in Canada
What if persons involved in the accident with the same Insurance company?
Is it legal to point a domain to someone else's ip (website)?
Opinion Estoppel
Questions about PA Dangerous Dog Laws
If work must be paid in Canada, when/how is volunteer work allowed?
Gawker vs. Hulk Hogan sex tape case and the 1st amendment
Can I privately sell a patented plant?
Buying motor-vehicle from another country
In Massachusetts Can I Record Calls to and From Business?
Can I make a game with the N64 SDK legally?
Can tech companies wishing to prevent secret backdoors discriminate in hiring against Australians?
Does this situation qualify as "reasonable suspicion"?
Is it allowed to collect additional personal data to comply with the information obligation (Article 14 GDPR)?
Can a minor file for a Business Certificate in Massachusetts?
Can defense request findings of fact before resting?
Can EU companies legally circumvent charging VAT by using a foreign subsidiary?
Can I use a copyrighted work made by a company if that company is out of business?
Life insurance and declining medical treatment
False written accusations not made public - is there law to cover this?
Users counting and GDPR
Defendant retains solicitors a long way away and asks for hearing near them
Is it discriminatory to operate a real-estate website catering for a specific non-English language in the US?
Punishments for the manipulation of the justice system
Proving the contents of an item delivered via post
Is it required for a website/file-sharing site to log the IP of downloads?
Does the U.S. Constitution's First Ammendment protect false speech?
What is the EU definition of a small part for children under 3?
Do some U.S. states' constitutions interpret the U.S. Constitution's First Amendment differently?
CC-0 derived work can it be locked by copyright?
Export Classification of a Cloud Web Application
can a business delay to bill you
The "Weeping Angels" (statues) from Doctor Who
When is a "gift" considered conditional?
Claim Total Ownership of our Property
Why did Judge Hugo Black consider Humanism and athiesm to be a religion?
Cyclist contacts overtaking car - who is at fault?
What is the standard way to address written statements presented as evidence in a civil case?
Can I sue an employer for not providing the active employment I was promised?
How much judicial bias is enough for recusal?
What happens when an ISP who was subpoenaed for an IP doesn't have their IP logs anymore?
Accidentally writing self in beneficiary signature
IP ownership in software contract clauses
Are buyer contingencies still needed if no Ernest money
Talking to a Psychiatrist about a Sexual Action AS A Young child
SVU Question: inadmissible evidence
Is it legal to create a carbon copy of an application?
Can an insurance company drop you after receiving a bill and refusing to pay?
Tenant Wants Years of Rent Reimbursed Before Buying House
Doubt on legality of image modification
2002 or 2006 law on infanticide
How does GDPR apply for normal email communication?
Can I cross the road?
There's a (potentially large) mistake in my contract, is there a need to address it?
What do you do when the truth is something that can be proven false beyond a reasonable doubt?
Is name and shame legal on Facebook?
In the United States,what does it mean for a website to keep records for legal compliance? And what is typically kept?
Forms for declining to be representative for an estate in Florida
Lease agreement contradicts application and the real tenant is no longer here. What are my rights?
My landlord decided that my rent is due earlier than we had agreed
Startups: 'directly competitive' what does that mean?
Can court change case judges as it pleases?
Permissive vs Prohibited
Are Fast Lanes Legal?
Sue the Girl Scouts
Is it legal for a car dealership to change the lender on your loan without notifying you and/or resigning?
Can a child has different last name from both their father and mother?
How does a Contract work with Effective Date not filled in but has document signed and dated but not by all parties
Insurance company didnt transfer car out of my name
Can pricing be copyrighted?
False advertising to consumers
Dual sovereignty: Which sentence takes precedence?
Position statement claiming that something is evidence
Disability discrimination - channels and asymmetry
Can a store take my bag when it contains both my and their property?
Is it legal for websites to keep Logs of a persons billing information after it's deleted from an account?
How does copyrighted material distribution and diffusion work on a legal level?
Will I need permission from the work owner of a 2D sketch to make it a 3D model?
Can pricing be trademarked?
Are marketplace lenders subject to fair lending laws?
How can I check a UK company's public documents?
Does Australia have the same rules regarding succession to the throne as the United Kingdom?
In Massachusetts, does my church need a permit in order to sacrifice animals?
Can someone in California record a phone call without consent?
Do objects in the public view need licencing?
My rights as a Patient
Legal Action Against a Property Appraiser
What is actually provided for by the "automatic additional driver" that a spouse gets in a rental car agreement in Oregon?
Is it a breach of UK law to film without permission in a swimming pool?
Jurisdiction in this case?
Do you owe money to a company who is trying to charge a disabled/expired credit card?
Can i share ebook which i bought to multiple person without enabling them to download
Parking fine when pass wasn't issued
Data Portability in GDPR
The circumvention of terms and conditions
Copyright Law for Logo Design that Incorporates a Royalty Free Vector Design
How do i report against apple company?
What happens to a company's negative value property if it is liquidated?
What does it mean for a statute such as § 2 (1) 7 AGG to "apply" but have no legal consequences?
Is it legal to pose as a competitor's customer?
Can I rent a unit out that has already been paid for by a past tenant?
Can trademark attorneys advertise in UK?
Is the withholding of funding notice allowed?
Liability for information uploaded to an automated online service run by myself
Is it legal to invite applicants to interview on the basis of sex?
Opposing grants of permission for search by police
Inventorship 101
Contesting At-Fault Car Accident
Does public denial of statements made under oath have legal consequences?
Google AdWords banned my account. Can I request complete deletion under GDPR?
Can Netherlands enforce the car import tax legally?
Suits: How can Simon Lowe, with Daniel Hardman, sue Harvey Specter in connection with the doctrine of unclean hands?
Capturing photos of a book
Property involved in violation of the statute?
Unlawful Detainer move out agreement
retraction of a rejection of an offer
Fraud by a Police Dispatcher
Does anything in international law that limits a countries ability to recognize secession governments?
What is the purpose of a disclaimer like "this is not legal advice"?
Can you sell a product with a "custom" image, if that image ends up being copyright or trademark?
When to authorize someone and when to sign a contract for processing personal data
Investor liability for investee actions?
How was entrance to the bar monitored in the 19th Century?
Mother wants her baby to carry her surname, while the father of a child is against. What surname will be given to a child?
How does principle that written contract is proof of a contract and not the contract?
Facebook contract Vs Minors
What is the legal structure of online "TOS"?
Can a police officer lie?
Would it be legal for a diabetic person to extract and use insulin from pig pancrea?
Does plaintiff need to file affidavit of his own statement of fact?
Would a booklet of music and film quotes infringe on copyright?
Are there any indication that article 112 of anti narcotic laws in Indonesia are meant for "dealers" rather than "users"?
Are slogans protected under trademark?
Can I make a copy of a well-known movie or video game character in my own artistic style?
Would there be affect on a person if family member used their address to obtain a valid license while staying with them temporarily?
Is there anything illegal (U.S.) about sending clients something factual about former employer?
Must multiple class action lawsuits on same claims be combined?
Legal Repercussions of Custodianship
Is a Florida corporation that shows no profit or losses required to file taxes?
How can I sue an empolyer for immigration status discrimination?
Can multiple states demand income tax from an LLC?
trustee deed or warranty deed for revocable trust transfer of real property to 3rd party?
Is currency trading legal in US?
Sovergin Immunity with respect to criminal activity?
How to handle contracts for volunteers looking to contribute work to our game project
Is this an infringement of their patent?
Most cited contract law review article?
What does ‘common carrier obligations and duties mean’?
Am I bound by "this letter is confidential" boilerplate?
Is it illegal for a website's moderator/administrator to access your computer when you are posting comments?
Is the sentencing opinion of a judge a strong argument for the defense in similar cases?
White label demonstration with famous brands, is it illegal?
Why weren't these affidavits in Miller-Jenkins v Jenkins accepted?
Can I destroy intellectual property (code) if I don't get paid, India?
Could Congress have ended slavery without the 13th Amendment?
When does new US legislation come into force?
How can I tell whether my 4th amendment rights have been violated?
Virginia employer terminated employee and wants signing bonus returned
Can I apply for German Citizenship?
Can someone legally use the word Java in a business name?
Solar shade act in CA
Inhumane changing condiions
Difference between the term "law" and "legal"
Is it legal to climb on public bridges when there are no prohibition signs?
Does Seattle tenant enjoy the right of first order when rental is for sale?
To whom does the Vice President of India submit his resignation?
Both expended and encumbered or can be one
What laws prohibit winning prizes in international contests?
Is it an error for a judge to not consider all pieces of evidence?
A company finds out that it has made a material decision based on incorrect personal data, what should it do?
Does a company or an employee have to pay income tax?
Having a registered home address in the UK without living there
Can I use `© 2019 My Name` in a application created by me without registering for official copyright in India?
Illegal to give lawyer a bonus for getting an acquittal?
Car repossessed from fraudulent loan
Photographing my mail and giving to my ex
In loco parentis
Can an unfinished Integrated Master’s qualify for an H-1B?
As a customer, am i liable for messaging another customer found on a Facebook business page?
Why does the District of Columbia have its own Court of Appeals?
What are the types of personal data?
Legality of selling transcription services on copyrighted material?
Keeping converted music files after the expiration of Apple Music membership
When an alibi is another crime
Can infringement of a trademark be pursued for using a company's name in a sentence?
Challenge of payment for earnest money
Pseudo-double jeopardy in the US?
Does death due to heart disease qualify as being diagnosed with heart disease?
Break Contract after company sells to new owners and changes names
What is the legal and administrative status of honk-on-lock in California?
Is 'reading down' clause optional?
Can I cache content which could be illegal in the eu?
What is it called when a pre-defined penalty is specified in a contract?
Wet Ink Signatures
Will the judgment from Old Bailey (Crown Court in the UK) be made available to the public?
Can my employer deduct from my pay check?
UK - Do I accrue holiday when on paid leave?
For a homeowner, is foliage a fence?
What are the legal Ramifications if any, of ratifying the last remaining Un-ratified amendment of the Constitution?
Meaning of "restraint of trade" contract terms?
Does a contract modification need all the elements of a contract?
Non binding section in a legal agreement?
Is it illegal to access content on website hidden by CSS
When can a person sue for damages?
AG's and indictments
GDPR Requirements for restricted use corporate webapp
Is it a violation of GDPR law to email personnel gathered from hunter.io?
Was anyone held liable/accountable in the 2018 Hawaii False Missile Alert?
McDaniel Millitia Act
Assignment of Inventions in Employment Contract for Software Development
Can I use the sound files, generated by the Google Cloud Text-to-Speech freely?
Were the Christchurch gunman's guns really Category A?
What does "contact" mean in US law?
Can a game designer be successfully sued for using a image of a gun off of google and modeling it and putting it in a game?
Is it legal to record audio using a phone if the phone has been stolen?
How a criminal speeding citation of 104 mph in a 75 mph zone will affect my immigration status (F1 visa)?
College admissions scandal
Can I remove a watermark applied by a software on my own work?
Snitching on Speeders
lying to lawyer illegal
I want to terminate my contract as an independent contractor
Is there a term for a set of laws where breaking one results in breaking others?
Does 'in writing' imply handwritten?
What laws did Lori Loughlin (and friends) break?
What are the earliest and latest times that vacuuming can be carried out at home?
How to act in name of company rather than natural person by e-mail etc?
What is the point of filing a case with an absurd damage/loss amount?
Identity photographs under GDPR
Is it legal to watch or steam region-restricted shows or movies?
Question about MIT license usage
Can I use a model trained off of CC BY-NC 4.0 datasets, amongst others, in a commercial setting
Is posting the wrong photo of a criminal suspect actionable defamation?
Is it legal to flee the scene of an accident to get help?
Could I apply for a job at Hooters with the intent of suing for a settlement when they don't hire me?
Specific meaning of "or that is either" in an Arizona law
Would a judge release a potential Juror who's only complaint was that he didn't want to be a juror?
Gun ownership prior to involuntary commitment
Is a term stating the contract can only be changed in writing, valid?
Why do cops make up funny stories when detaining people?
Intentionally Breaching a Contract
Strong Customer Authentication (SCA) and taking payments without customer present
May I keep my copyright notice?
RE: Image permission
Is age defined in the European Union?
Would Poker (with *Zero* real-world currency involved) in an M-Rated (18+) Online game be constituted Online Gambling?
Why does a word like "homemade" not constitute false advertising?
If a party says something about interpretation of contract, is it binding?
How to draft LLC resolutions?
Is Van Gogh's Starry Night in the public domain?
Who can the EU fine?
"Set aside" vs. "vacate"
Robert Kraft - what is the reason for the prosecution's offered deal?
Re-using a small part of an artwork in a logo design
Understanding 'Adapted Material' for illustrations in a book
Can I refuse to integrate google/Facebook trackers on a website?
Breaking a Lease because of construction
Retaliation to being spat in the face
Is attorney client privilege extended to a person not paying for the service?
Is it legal for CVS to sell CBD in Alabama, Indiana, Kentucky, or Tennessee?
If a medical provider refers a patient to another medical provider/business, do they have to disclose any financial interest they may have?
Is it considered breach of contract or advertising laws if a developer markets their game as releasing on digital store A, but then chooses store B?
Am I obliged to reveal my religion when exchanging the ID card in Poland?
Liability from attaching a note with tape to an improperly parked car?
Plausibility of US Suit over Ownership of Photos of Slaves
Can A person get a CPS case transffered to another county in Mississippi
Is it legal to cut a designer logo off of a piece of clothing, sew it onto another and sell it?
Can a gym ban me without actual proof of me taking a picture?
Could non-smokers successfully sue smokers?
Can the Supreme Court perpetually deny petitions for certiorari?
How do you file a criminal complaint when the police refuse to file the complaint?
Has the scope of Share Alike narrowed between CC 3.0 and 4.0?
Liability of online service provider for illegal user content?
Is it illegal to make a truthful statement about a fictitious ingredient?
Buying a house that is in violation of a local setback ordinance?
Poaching or not (England)?
Can an unacceptable / illegal condition in a contract be ignored without voiding the whole contract?
Can a deleted Gmail message be used as proof?
Title 53, why is it reserved?
Can I sign legal documents with a smiley face?
Is the U.S. Code copyrighted by the Government?
Diet drugs mailed out?
Prohibition of pledges and assignments
Do Legal Documents Require Signing In Standard Pen Colors?
Sulamerica three step approach
Can a city ban a person from filming in their own house?
Is it a crime to falsely claim to have committed a crime to someone not a legal authority?
When is an image considered a recreation of another image?
If an AirBnB host doesn't disclose that it's not allowed, in which countries does a landlord have direct recourse against the *guest*?
Which countries grant extraterritoriality to US citizens?
Can a significant change in incentives void an employment contract?
Can a company instruct employees to not call police?
May a college remove a degree plan without letting students graduate without that degree?
What is the difference between a private exhibition and public performance with regards to showing films?
Would it be legal for a US State to ban exports of a natural resource?
Is a contract valid if it releases a party from liability for probable injury?
Prior to a divorce, can a spouse prevent the use of any saved assets?
Are contracts correct/legal with a wrong Postcode and City?
Youtube, downloading videos and local temporary files
Does a license found in a repository automatically apply to the code in the repository?
How to enforce GPL if the copyright holder doesn't have access to the source code of violating software?
Explain: indemnify and hold harmless (seems contradictory)
Where are the "United States Classification" codes for trademarks defined?
What is the Principals name and title?
Is it legal to discriminate due to the medicine used to treat a medical condition?
What is the maximum length of a school bus and trailer combination in California?
Can a work copyrighted in the USA enter the public domain sooner in another country?
What is considered a reasonable time under the Turner v. Driver case?
Marketplace faciliating the sales of goods not allowed across state lines
Why is threatening to sue not considered extortion?
Can a judge from another state bring legal action over comments online?
Do people born in unincorporated US territories have a constitutional right to non-citizen nationality?
Contract requiring the signing of a statement that may not be true when signed
Can copyright of a book be extended by the authors relatives?
What is law of the case in the us federal court system for district court judges?
Do I need to give a months notice to LL at the end of a six months contract?
What's the next step if a debt collector doesn't respond to my debt dispute?
Is it ever not legal to cause harm to escape non-institutionalised harm?
Are fanarts, fansongs, etc not illegal? Then why aren't they being taken down?
Can criminal fraud exist without damages?
Does 18 U.S. Code § 1543 apply to foreign passports?
Dental Billing Insurance for 3 times the amount for a crown than quoted to the patient, Legal or not?
Double jeopardy
GDPR: Can a website not process personal data?
IP How to avoid writing out Assignment of Inventions
Legal status of spectrum analyzers in the United Kingdom
Can I make An App Which Uses Data From Other Apps?
What happens if Reed O'Connor's ruling on the Affordable Care Act (Texas case 4:18-CV-167) is ultimately upheld?
Can my landlord charge me a fee that does not appear in the lease?
Class Action - which options I have?
Can party noise on the street at night be dealt with in Singapore?
In Texas, Can I sue if I was misled or lied to about the job I would be working
How should one interpret a Delaware judge's instructions?
How long can a rental office take to process my application (while holding my deposit)
GDPR collecting vs storing
Owner Move In San Francisco
Recreating images from video games in a stats app
How Google Play Policy applies to different Developers
What qualifies as marital property?
What are the benefits of creating a corporation in Delaware?
In Indonesia, do I have to remain silent if I am caught?
What constitutes a gambling app
GDPR data portability when no data stored
EU Cookie Law: Consent required in addition to accepted privacy policy
Why is Miller's case titled R (Miller)?
Is it illegal to ask a company for money in exchange for information on a bug in their software?
Can employer require a different uniform/dress code frequently?
When I am inspired by code on Stack Overflow, and make workable code on basis of that code, is that also pastiche?
EU copyright reform: Right to publish books online that are no longer sold
Article 13 - Block countries within EU
Is there a legal principle regarding laws that cannot reasonably be complied with?
Is it okay to store user locations?
Can the door to a kitchen be locked?
US Treason Definition vs Technology
How did the US enforce citizenship-based taxation before FATCA?
Is personal check data PHI if used to pay a covered entity?
Is it legal to publish letters from a lawyer?
speeding ticket while in bunch of other drivers/cars
Can I use brand names in my video game?
Regarding the legal use of a trademarked name in my Android application's package name
Concealing Medical Conditions from Employer
A general question under Personal Data Privacy
Is it legal for a an employer to require employees to undergo medical examinations
Famous old paint/art: can I use on my web site?
Who is infringing copyright when hotlinking is involved?
Can Rule 15(c)(1) be used by original parties to defeat a timely claim?
Limits on contract work without pre-agreed price/contract (UK)
What is strict liability (US)?
What percentage of a Qui Tam is recovered?
What laws apply to using speech to text software to generate a transcript of a conversation without the parties' consent?
A query with regard to Defamation and Data Privacy
What is the status of the following contract?
Can a cop pull you over for flipping them off?
What's the difference between a "representation" and a "representation and warranty?"
At what level of granularity is a client required to pay
In a New York Subway, Are you allowed to use a vape pen?
Can you be charged for obstruction for refusing to answer questions?
Legal workarounds for testamentary trust perceived as unfair
Landlord misrepresented my lease
Defamation due to breach of confidentiality
Lawsuits over fake social media content
Are police reports public records?
Do people / should I have a lawyer on call?
Requesting walk through of apartment
Is it legal to sell clothes with Supreme red box logo, but with custom text inside?
Legality of Sugar Rocket in CA
Do you have to provide the name and email address of your data protection officer?
What happens if you break a law in another country outside of that country?
Legal exposure in publishing stock predictions
Is there a rule of thumb for determining the amount one should accept for a settlement offer in the U.S.?
The condition of leasehold improvements at the end of the lease
Is wash trading illegal?
Can copyright infringement claims be negotiated without a lawyer?
Do Covenants and/or By Laws become null due to non-enforcement?
what is "just compensation" during eminent domain?
Can dual-citizen Americans vacation in Cuba?
Is the 21st century's idea of "freedom of speech" based on precedent?
What is the difference between a "Natural" person and an "Artificial" / "Legal" person?
Copyright or protecting my code written in open source language
Are private social-media companies violating our Free Speech rights?
Can a platform become a publisher through it's actions?
Salesman text me from his personal phone
Access to sensitive information of employees as a fellow employee
Who pays if a pedestrian knocks me off my motorbike?
Moved from Michigan to Florida
New Gym Contract Law in Illinois
What obligation does an HOA attorney have to follow HOA rules?
Can I sell a Craigslist/FB Marketplace item in a local store?
Sales tax nexus in Illinois for a “startup”?
How can saying a song's name be a copyright violation?
Escort receives prepayment for services and client sues
Do I need permission to use an image from a book from 1942?
What is the proper way of completing the stock purchase agreement?
Double Jeopardy: Can someone re-file a dropped suit?
Is a commercial landlord liable for damage due to roof leaks?
Would a second illegal detainment by Police increase a settlement amount?
When does free speech become disordely conduct or disturbing the peace?
Can a Freelancer charge late fees if not explicitly defined in the contract?
Work contract and own IP
Neighbour damaging property boundary - what are our rights?
Hosting images somewhere else - viable?
Removing my personal data ex-employer (RGPD/GPDR ?)
Is it legal to publish information about the server on a shared hosting webspace?
Is the thin blue line on the stars and stripes considered desecration of the flag?
Is it legal to create automations of websites in India?
Is permission needed to put an extract from a book in thesis as a quotation?
Can my orthodontia provider legally take my claim payment?
60 Days Notice for Teacher Contract
Reselling Value Added Products?
Is there such a thing as "private beach"?
Is it legal or acceptable to use a photo of my ID, instead of my actual ID?
Heathrow public wi-fi and Data Retention Regulations
What happens if a creative commons image turns out to be copyright protected?
Would "ex post facto" apply to tax deduction laws?
Are companies allowed to trade securities based on internal user data?
Commissioning work: Who owns the rights in this scenario?
Is there a general business equivalent of "stage names" or "pen names"
Ambiguous legislation and government advice
Is it illegal to record someone located in a different state if you are in a one-party state?
Estate Planning - Spouses with survivorship clause - could a named beneficiary "double up" on simultaneous death scenario?
Parent dead without a will
Someone forged my signature in the bill of sales
Requesting to see holiday rota and GDPR
UK - NHSP refuse to pay for mandatory training
Is it legal for me to use a PO Box as the registered address for a Limited company?
Illegal entrance into my car?
Copyrights of material that would be used for both commercial and non-commercially
'Right to be forgotten' denied due to insufficient identification
House burned down and insurance company is trying not to honor recently updated policy?
Can a State in the U.S. require candidates to release taxes to be on the ballot for national office?
Paying debts in cash in a petty way
Is government housing for an undocumented resident a risk?
Does marriage speed up the green card process?
Is it tax fraud for an individual to declare non-taxable revenue as taxable income? (US tax laws)
Is there any recourse for a medical professional if a patient sexually assaults them in a small way?
How do Florida's labor laws protect employees injured when asked to do something unreasonable?
Causing a sedated person to sign a will: Is it fraud or not
Is it very difficult to collect a debt if the defendant cannot be served?
Practicalities of suing California-based business from abroad over minor but strong case
Do I need to share a (consented) recording of a conversation
Section 21 notice if the tenant doesn't have a valid address for the landlord
How is species of pet legalized?
What are James’ legal contract rights in this case?
Employee fired for reporting a serious injury, but in a roundabout way - How difficult is it to prove the employer's motive?
Legality of Virtual Currency to Purchase Real World Items
Can a country ban oversea biotechnology research out of an endemic plant that is only found in its territory?
How to prove someone sent a letter?
Can I give money to another to give to charity, so she gets a deduction?
Where to find the Vatican copyrigth law?
Does allowing users to see user tracking on my analytics software violate GDPR?
Without judicial review, what is the point of the Dutch constitution?
Can town administrative "code" overule state laws like those forbidding trespassing?
Is an employer allowed to inspect office drawers and cabinets in Australia?
Can I use the recycling bin of a residence or business that's out on the street?
How to find the angle between Mickey Mouse's ears as specified in an official trademark?
Where are North Carolina U-Turn and other traffic laws written when not found in the General Statute?
Landlord wants to switch my lease to a "Land contract" to "get back at the city"
Duty of care dilemma when reporting Web vulnerabilities to both Stakeholders and Web Service owner
If a used car buyer backs out of buying a car do I have to return the deposit even if i didn't explicitly say it is "nonrefundable"?
Taxation in the U.S. for non-residents living abroad
What effect does the EU Biopatent Directive have if there is the independent European Patent Office with its own law and court?
Is a lawyer in the United Kingdom obliged by law to inform the court or the police if his client confesses crime he has commited?
Is Plummer v State still valid under contemporary law?
Classification of laws from a perspective of consequences of action
Refuse maintenance contract under explicit clause
Proportion of copyrighted material that can be distributed without infringement
Wikipedia links to books & Mir publishers
In the U.S are judges, attorneys, physicians, teachers, professors, politicians, administrative officers liable for ordinary negligence?
Landlord returned part of security deposit, now wanting it back
What constitutes "management" for an amateur radio club?
E-filing Form 1120 and Form 5472 as a non US resident
Statute Book vs. Government Gazette
asked to sign an affidavit even though one can't testify
What are the formal steps that a legislator follows when enacting positive law?
Why Elizabeth Warren effective tax rate is 22% and not 30% on $900k income
Can someone be penalized for an "unlawful" act if no penalty is specified?
Advertise that buying one product will support the creation of a different product
Can anti-vaxers be sued for medical malpractice?
Interpreting the 2019 New York Reproductive Health Act?
How does a contract end?
Max amount pay in small claims court when sued for $500?
Enable downloading non-commercial use material from a commercial app
Hacking devices to unlock features: Legal or not?
What happened to bounties in the wild west?
Writing an easy-to-change will
What is the priority of potential extraditions in Assange case?
What is the legal difference between loitering and loafing?
Tax treaty and residence country taxation
What can I do if neighbor is blocking my solar panels intentionally?
Is being terminated at the end of a shift/workday illegal?
Why Tonga domains (.to) are not legally shut down, for websites tolerating piracy?
Legal precedent/history for the supposed charges against Julian Assange
Student Loan from years ago pops up and is taking my salary
Removing My Name -- Difference Between CC BY-SA 3.0 and 4.0
IELTS for Tier 2 General visa
Can my company get into legal trouble for employees using custom Slack emoji icons of copyrighted material?
Are there legal definitions of ethnicities/races?
How are presidential pardons supposed to be used?
What is trademark tarnishment or dilution under US law?
Who decides the priority of extradition requests in the UK
Use of custom designed software at work?
Is a book formatting subject to copyright laws?
Relative vs constant salary in US Employee and contract law
Can a juvenile be charged with theft by receiving if the property wasn't stolen?
Who would be legally responsible for the application of mainstream wrong psychological/psychiatrist therapies?
Judicial Crimes
Can I leave an organization to bring an end to their contract to work directly with a company?
What is the effect of a pardon by the President of the United States?
Are there legal consequences if Trump's tax returns are not handed over?
What would be Julian Assange's expected punishment, on the current English criminal law?
Is there a law that says you have to care for a minor that isn’t your child?
Can your business have the same initials as a major corporation?
Can you sue the prosecutor in a criminal proceeding?
Damages done while in the line of duty?
Is it legal for tax company to fail to protect my tax info from former spouse?
Fair use of hardware/software configuration data
Ownership of a machine learning model conceived using employer's data
Do I need a VAT number for money earned through ads or app sales (Belgium)
If a contract sometimes uses the wrong name, is it still valid?
Do UK law degrees qualify someone to work as a lawyer in the US?
What is meant by these non-exclusivity and non-solicitation clauses?
How will changes to section 21 affect me?
Unknown photographer copyright
When and how is service by publication valid?
Does accepting a pardon have any bearing on trying that person for the same crime in a sovereign jurisdiction?
Is using Twitch-broadcasts solely for research fair use?
When a company sues the "U.S.", who are they really suing?
Is UPS allowed to take my money and business without intention to fulfill its side of the transaction?
Anything I could cite to make my apartment complex more flexible regarding their inspections in Texas?
How can I quickly make a tenant move out of a sold house?
Will I sued for recording someone without their consent?
Who gets the tax credit, if I say yes to "Would you like to donate a dollar to xyz" at the cashier of a shop in the U.S.A.?
Does disordely conduct apply when on private property?
Register an inherited Trophy of War handgun?
Hacking a scammer: is this guy breaking the law by deleting phishing data?
Is a loan contract valid if a different amount than was stated was borrowed?
Can a US cabinet secretary be criminally liable for a misapplication of federal law?
questions about COBRA
Is it legal to import a whip to England for use as decoration?
Why is "without regard to conflict of law" necessary?
Does GDPR require consent for a processor to confirm or deny the existence of data?
Can non-competes be enforced after expiration?
Trademark violation for app?
Can I get a patent for my software, not for any algorithm or feature, but for the marketing strategy and revenue model?
Can people get in trouble for investigating or charging the president?
Florida Home Renting - Can my lease forbid repairing my vehicle?
Could I build a large rocket?
Rental payments
Notice of possible eviction, no reason given and notice doesn't follow state law
What should happen if I ask Proxy / VPN provider about their service illegal use against me?
Why would a lawyer accept a case that involved only $1.50 USD?
Is it legal to quote a copyrighted work in a tweet?
Do I need permission to use Twitter videos with the embed feature?
PERB Citation Elements
Legality of putting ads on an academic studying tool that contains user-generated content?
Why's A's expected profit $.04?
Do sports figures control the right to use their name in a game?
What does "hold to order" mean?
"so long as you remain unmarried": Why a gratuitous promise in one fact pattern, but a contractual offer in another?
Did I lose possession of my goods?
Can i legally claim to own a derivative Open Source project?
Do I have to pay taxes on external savings?
How to change the law to raise the age of a minor from 18 to 21?
Displaying League of Legends Logo in my Mobile App
Appeal from a verdict of acquittal in Canada
I don't have a lease and my landlord is threatening to kick me out immediately
Amount of distance from the Jury?
Why 'representation or warranty', not 'representation or condition'?
How does a 'covenant' differ from a [1] 'promise' [2] 'contract'?
Criminal case or civil case?
How may one add some functionality to publicly available source code for which the license forbids modification?
Cannot afford speeding ticket Netherlands
What are the legal repercussions of dosing somebody?
Is a copyright notice with a non-existent name invalid?
Can William Barr fully comply with the House Judiciary Committee's Subpoena?
What do (1) hammering and (2) striking an anvil symbolize?
Which 'condition' fits "‘basis’ or condition on which the benefit was transferred"?
Strict laws on using raised funds for specific reasons as opposed to any reason?
Why was 'consideration' embraced to mean 'failure of consideration', when this would be better termed as 'failure of basis'?
Neighbour has extended over the boundary of a potential house I was looking to buy
Drafting a will to have a third party sell an inherited home?
What are the US Federal laws on Shared VPN IP
Ask ex-employee / colleague for data removal that relates to company
Do drivers have a right to remain in their vehicle?
Selling a home co-owned by someone with a severe mental disorder
Does GDPR cover the collection of data by websites that crawl the web and resell user data
Does my claimant have a right to copyright audio from a popular reciter?
Caching third party images on my website?
Mobile app broke after an update. Am I entitled to a downgrade / refund?
Are there any AGPL-style licences that require source code modifications to be public?
Is there a Legal term to put before a definition to describe a comma separated list of items (i.e. "collectively")
Why can't I add a governing law to my terms of service to avoid GDPR?
Distributing estate amongst children created from donated gametes
Suing a Police Officer Instead of the Police Department
Can lease holder physically remove my items from home without judges order?
Can my apartment complex return packages to sender if they are not picked up?
Does signing a contract after explaining it was not legally binding count as contract fraud?
What can a loss prevention officer legally do in Australia? (NSW)
From what legal tradition do the long "whereas" motivation clauses of the EU legislation come?
Is there any law in place for identifying yourself if telling "the news"?
Which EU document or treaty article removed the internal customs in 1993?
Are "Social Media Reacts"-videos on youtube legal?
Is opt-in now required for iOS app using Fabric/Crashlytics/Flurry due to GDPR?
What is the legal significance of stating that one does not own or claim rights in an uploaded youtube video?
UK: Returning damaged items without option for free replacement?
How does the 'legitimate interest protected' by exorbitant credit card interest differ from that of exorbitant interest 'on outstanding fees'?
Why'd a claimant be allowed to recover deposit if it acts in bad faith, when a contract obligated good faith and reasonable endeavour?
What's the antecedent of "it"? "A’s promise is only good consideration for B’s because the law regards it as enforceable and therefore of value"
Why couldn't the Ministry of Defence fetter its public law powers by promising not to transfer a SAS soldier?
Will a copyright holder lose the right to enforce copyright if they're not enforcing it on some stuff, or even just have problems enforcing it?
What is meaning of omission of a section from any act of legislature
Is it legal to fake a social media post?
Congress and Trump's Tax Filings
One crime multiple charges?
GPL Licensed code as separate process
Agent breaking the lease
Can the victim of a crime throw a court case?
Can the owner of a private establishment confiscate the personal property of a trespasser?
"It makes sense for the promisor to request, as the price of his promise, that the other party should benefit some third party"?
Software training provider offers very cheap price online for course...(via Stripe)
What to do about neighbor's dangerous retaining wall
Can you be convicted based on the tesimony of the victim alone?
What are the regulations around autonomous/unmanned boats
Why US police is so lenient to criminals & car robbers?
Can I sue a client for the 'delta' in price if I accepted his (insulting) offer?
Can one be prosecuted for sexting a minor overseas?
How does a flow-through LLC own assets?
Indiana trespass law
Does a destroyed file allow for an expungement?
Settlement Agreement for business dispute payment to personal account
What is "a place where Member State law applies by virtue of public international law"?
British Naturalisation - more than 90 days absence in any 12-month period
What probable risks are there to copyright violation?
How to make data brokers delete my information without providing more information? Can I take legal action?
Copyright act 1976
Selling digital tickets who owns the data?
When listing the price of parts on invoice for car repair, must the price be the one that the garage paid to obtain the parts?
Can I be required to take a 2 hour unpaid break?
Server based music player for personal music
Is syncing songs and recorded audio(playing instrument) illegal
DMCA Takedown and counter notice when service provider
Can I record phone conversations with my Landlord without notifying them? (UK Law)
Is Automatic renewal of Custodial Contract signed 10 years ago by board member that only had one year authority enforceable?
Is it legal unter international law to distribute passports among citizens of another country?
Can I obtain British/Swedish citizenship via grandparents?
Why ought a third-party promisee to a contract make his claim in the alternative?
Is it legal to distribute a modded free application on your website?
Can I sue Lloyd's Bank on grounds of religious discrimination?
Is piracy (copyright infringement) not prohibited by law in Tonga?
Can a company use a picture of me taken at an event in promotional materials?
Child care exemptions for jury duty in NYS?
Is lying to get "gardening leave" fraud?
Open Source Contributor License Agreements / Apache2 and patents
What is the opposite of the legal concept called ‘textualism’?
What does "this software is licensed, not sold" really mean?
How can one protect a teaching method?
Conflicting terms and the definition of a «child»
What laws are being broken by publishing a non-redacted version of the Muller Report?
Legal issues of searching for software vulnerabilities
How does bigamy affect a UK Spouse Visa?
Court order on selling property
Is it a copyright infringement to publish a screen capture video of the editing of copyrighted material on Youtube?
Using quotes in a text you publish under creative commons
If you find something indexed on a search engine, is it legal to access and report that to the firm?
Apartment sending advertisements to me without option to opt out
What is a "listed natural gas appliance"?
Right to lien a corporation's bond
How to write a contract for a future purchase
How to judge if a contract is detailed enough?
Is calling a store in which you are banned illegal?
Trademark Infringement notice for usage of a dictionary word Jacuzzi in app - Google Play Store
Is the Court Registrar/Clerk immune to a suit for negligence?
How does trader joes copy everything?
Do you need to get copyright separately from a creative commons license?
Can a database be made from essays written in college?
Why's it "not strictly true" that an act, done before promising to pay or confer some other benefit, can sometimes be consideration for the promise?
Understanding trademark infringements in a world where many dictionary words are trademarks?
Landlord Gave Me 30 Days Notice to Move Out
In the English law, how is a conflict of interest between an extradition request and a criminal conviction solved?
Termination of the appointment of a non-executive Director
Can I sell unofficial "names" for bathroom stalls at a public university?
Copyrights on technical specifications
Registering a model of an existing item as a protected design in UK
Why's it "strange" for a judge to impose voidness on a guarantee?
Is a 2% late fee for paying rent 20 minutes late (5:20pm) enforceable?
Court referring to resources barely available to the general public
What "former requirement" certainly has no place in estoppel?
How does the first limb of the McRae test make the second limb unnecessary?
Losing job during first my first year in France!
Is this request for formal resignation right/fair?
Does the "70 years after death" rule always apply unconditionally?
Can a neighbor point cameras at our backyard and the back of our house?
How's a "mere failure to perform future obligations" equivocal and equally consistent with not exercising the right to repudiate the contract?
Does reporting reckless drivers do anything?
What's the best way to apply the 17 U.S. code 121 to obtain a copy of music in an alternative format?
Are Congressional calls for Barr to resign tantamount to obstruction of justice?
Are Credit-Card fraud refunds legally obligated, or good customer service?
GDPR and date of fields creation / update
Can I use novel as a basis for the plot of video game?
Does one have legal recourse if one's spouse lied about wanting to have children?
I suffer From PTSD but my Boss may fire me
Connecting to a Network Equals Consent?
When can I reapply for US Citizenship after denial?
Assignment of Inventions with Employer
Is it illegal to touch someone without permission in Canada? Can a girl punch a guy without getting in trouble in Canada?
Constitutional limitations on criminalizing behavior in US law?
Do I have to submit DNA again after first sample failed?
Can Class Action Waivers actually be enforced?
Manslaughter or Negligence -does not inform all risks in surgery which results in death of a patient
What does the copyright in a dissertation protect exactly?
What is the legal standard which would make a request to investigate "improper"?
Given Shapiro v. Thompson, why are US states allowed to charge higher tuition fees to new residents?
Can I sign multiple job contracts with different German companies?
Arrest for civil violation in the US?
What does 'the presumption [of undue influence] is not legal' mean, if being legal reverses the burden of proof or make the presumption irrebuttable?
Trafficking in "Stolen" (Hacked) digital information (for example: bank account and passwords or Social Security numbers
Warranty options a replacement via warranty
Can Trump legally sell stocks on Friday, tweet about imposing tariffs on Sunday and then buy more of the stocks back on Monday?
Determining gross income to calculate alimony
GitHub pages and GDPR - controller, processor and DPA
Does Jennifer Granholm's 'Perfect Game' proclamation carry any actual weight?
Recording Conversations with the person on in already recorded line
What are "inactive ingredients when a safety factor" in the context of vaccines?
What counts as an illegal application fee under Mass law?
The Pennsylvania Second Class Township Code, Section 1506
What kind of contract should one have when living in home shared with lease holder?
Why could the ‘but for’ tests swallow up virtually all duty-defining clauses?
Why could Change of Position 'logically allow lenders to retain a charge for the sum lent to debtors in reliance on the guarantee's enforceability'?
To businesses using Condition 8, why are the outcomes in Phillips Products v Hyland and Thompson v Lohan inconsistent?
Inquiry of an 'American' company?
Contract with lack of complete by date?
Is fake blackmail still illegal?
What are my options legally if NYC company is not paying salary?
Can a two-word trademark with no claim to one of them be used as a threat to cybersquatting claim?
How to access US court proceedings if not a US citizen?
California: Is it okay to use the center left turn lane to merge right?
do "temporary" rider's carry over to final divorce agreements when the whole agreement is carried over
Can I get my citizenship without physical green card
How to list unknown company using fake CallerId info in a complaint?
Special Licensing
How can issues be solved with the IRAC method?
Can a one-time-pad provide legal immunity - (make data inadmissible) -?
How to negotiate a payment for copyright infringement?
What Happens to Abandoned Infant Citizenship?
Can the FD&C conflict with the CFR?
Selling License Exceptions using CLA
Can I use the logo of an ISO standard in an open document
Can the court decline to enforce a divorce rider? particularly if it is unreasonable
Can a witness avoid testifying based on lack of memory?
Are problems created from planning to have an inheritance skip a living generation? (me)
If I accidentally leaked my school's IP address and someone attempts a DDoS attack on my school am I at fault?
Is it a bad idea to put a garden over a gas main?
Company wants me to sign a general release ASAP. I said no
How can one gain access to isolated pockets of open access land?
Loan conversion in company shares
Why can't Robert Mueller give the report to congress?
Where is the threshold line between legitimate living trusts and ones purported to defeat creditors?
landlord having neighbor stalk the property
If suing for property damage can I claim for my time spent to replace those items?
If we were to setup a cannabis store online hosted in Colorado (or any other state), can we legally serve California?
"will" and "shall" legal contractual value
OpenJDK. Could the license legally be changed to a commercial one?
Can information from a company policy document be enforceable as a contract clause
Force neighbor to resolve property line encroachment before selling house
Are computer generated error messages subject to copyright?
does infraction for drugs possession by french custom, without criminal records prevents to enter USA for working
Limitations or exceptions at the state level to ex post facto laws?
How did the "Wise Honest" end up at the US (and not Indonesian) custody?
Can one waive their right to execute the affidavit of support
What does 'attach costs' mean?
Handling medical data received from outside the EU
Public record or PII
Compulsory voluntary work to meet performance review objectives
ARD / ZDF reduced bill or no pay at all
What is comprehensive insurance for
My tenant signed the lease renewal, but I have not signed yet, can I terminate the lease?
Want to sue my former employer for wage theft; or settle
After a lease is signed, do the things said in emails become nul and void, or are they relevant in a dispute?
Tax fraud, revealed on the show
Parody or Infringement? (United States of America)
To evade the penalty rule, how can penalties be redrafted into primary terms to make the event that triggers payment not a breach?
How does Per Capita at Each Generation work when there are multiple living generations?
Is this a violation of workplace law?
Country specific customs duties
did you consent because you could have seen a poster?
PA Learners Permit - Nightime Driving with Parents
UK leasehold house - Can I challenge a no pets clause?
Building a site like socialbade illegal?
Recording phone conversations
Tracking twitter ip address
Are Ladies' Nights Legal?
In the United States how can a federal agency constitutionally regulate aviation?
Innocent until proven guilty in Germany?
Does locking someone out of an account t created using your own identity violate any laws?
Capping your claim in an English small claims court?
Using a website in an app under different name
UK Small Claim procedure limit exceeding with VAT
How are MIDI files of copyrighted music licensed?
What if the President defies Congress and the courts?
Who would I report these bylaw infractions my landlord made to?
Can I get my non-refundable fee back?
Can I sue Uber for property damage to my mobility device?
Making of a will
Typo in contract
Default notice period in Germany
Publishing copyrighted material on GitHub for phishing
to be in photo and video, and right to ask for removal these data relying on GDPR
What is the 83b Election postmark filing deadline?
How can one document a conversation?
Is there a limit to how much a landlord can charge for cleaning fees? (England)
How best to extend UK Partner Visa from U.S.?
Census Solidarity?
Who owns the copyright of events if a company has closed?
If someone was charged with 15 counts but was only indicted on 2, can the prosecutor introduce evidence at sentencing of charges that we not indicted?
What options are available to plaintiff if defendant breaks NDA and goes ahead with deal on their own?
When do you need to request a W9?
What is meant by exclusive jurisdiction?
If I were to make a custom band shirt for personal use, could I get sued?
Is the NSO Group guilty of computer crimes?
Which law regulates child labor for a teen that has dual citizenship?
Landlord required to divulge tenant identity
Do mature minors have the right to privately consult with a medical professional?
Can a prosecutor add evidence to increase punishment after a guilty plea is entered?
Can sexting as a minor be prosecuted as an adult?
Example of "fraus omnia corrumpit" in which a person loses rights they had before a fraudulent act?
Do photos violate the 4th amendment?
What rights do these 3 individuals have regarding a semi abandoned car?
Healthy animal euthanasia
Work permit for a US based space and defence company for EU citizen
Recruitment / Employment Law on agency introduction dispute
Copyright related issue on publishing a technical book?
What is proper use of FRCP 59(e) motion to amend?
Can an airline pilot be prosecuted for killing an unruly passenger who could not be physically restrained?
Car Insurance insisting I pay for the remainder of the year after a no fault crash
Awarding the Top Players of a Video Game
What rights does a private citizen have to aid in law enforcement?
UK Consumer Rights - Return accessories
How are the laws considering storing country details of visitors of my website? (calculated of their ip adresses)
If I have body smell and get bullying in workplace, so it made me have depression, can I sue?
Is it illegal to wear military surplus clothing?
Purchasing Electronic Books from Foreign Store
Can a lease contract be voided due to incongruency?
What protections does Europe provide for US patents (that China doesn't)?
About Course Intellectual Property
Restraint classed as assault after suspecting unconsented photo
Car runs worse since repair after shady dealer interaction
Can I be sued if if the law says I am not liable?
Does CNNs cookie consent banner comply with the GDPR?
Does ratifying USMCA imply a (stealth) ratification of UNCLOS?
Am I waiving liability insurance coverage by agreeing to this boat charter contract clause?
Is presenting a play showing Military characters in a bad light a crime in the US? Or does the First Admendment prevent this?
Selling my own second hand product that I bought off Amazon, using original Amazon images (UK)
Does the GDPR mandate that web sites provide access to cookie settings?
How an Advance Medical Directive works in practice?
Corporate law — criminal conduct and loss of life
Moving from NJ to NM, buying a car in UT or ID on way to NM, how to make titling and registration work?
What happens if a LLC Member fills out the LLC license with Malicious intent in the state of Mississippi
Besides Sudan, have any other foreign countries argued before the Supreme Court of the United States?
Consent form - digital signature or just full name?
How does the Supreme Court ruling in *Fourth Estate* not undermine the DMCA's notice-and-takedown process?
Can someone get a spouse off a deed that never lived together and was incarcerated?
Ticketed for a parking infraction when on private property and someone of authority says it is okay to park there
Entitlement to copy of electronic contract
Loan forgiveness letter, estate law
After killing 77 people, why was Anders Behring Breivik not convicted of 77 murders?
SELF HELP EVICTION OF ADVERSE POSSESSOR
I just read this story about a lawsuit. Does it make any sense?
Does Ontario's Residential Tenancy Agreement include a term that makes the Agreement subject to the mortgagee or chargee’s prior consent?
Trade restrictions on open source software
To achieve ECTS credits at my school a student is forced to drop his/her right of privacy
Does Trump's sanction on Huawei include Open Source US products, like Linux kernel & RISC-V? Does this ban effect Huawei's membership there?
What data processing requires opt-in consent for an existing customer under GDPR?
How can an illegal migrant legally exit a state?
Can I sue my appraiser from when I bought my home in Georgia a few years ago due to an egregious error on the square footage?
If we anonymize Google Analytics IPs do we still need to ask for Cookie consent?
Why did OJ Simpson's trial take 9 months?
Is there any common rider for ensuring appliance and water upkeep in an apartment building?
How hard should one try to resolve dispute before hiring a lawyer to go to court?
Illegal detainment by private citizens when there's a unlocked but alarmed emergency exit
Liability from selling car if buyer does not complete title transfer : California
Return of Software
Accidentally took something wasn't mine. Can I get in trouble for returning it?
Do copyright notices need to be placed at the beginning of a file?
can a person paroled from a 15 year to life sentence contest the constitutionality of the state law that sentence?
Company holding own shares in trust
Distribute Licensed library with stripped code
Which building regulations in Europe for industrial buildings should I read if I want build bus factory in Europe?
Is it legal to have an abortion in another state or abroad?
When we are calculating the cost for implementing a new web application, should we have separate cost for providing the source code to the client
How do you interpret: option to break after 12 months with at least 2 months’ notice
If I use CC-BY-SA image in a video, must the whole video be CC-BY-SA?
Copyright law vs software transformation
USPS Back Room - Trespassing?
Does the following constitute defamation?
Is lending a physical PS or Xbox disc protected under the first-sale doctrine?
Can my HOA force us to pay additional costs for unnecessary capital improvements?
Are the irritating web site warnings about cookies an intentional consequence of European legislation?
Want to know Permission Condition of a book
barbed wired off open field with human sized entrance on side - legal?
Indirect Causation
If a homeowner's liability from an insurance claim exceeds total coverage, can a court order that the payout all go to satisfying the liability?
Divulging students' grades to third parties
On the legality of using artwork as 'character references' for a roleplay site
Is Data Protection Officer obliged to conduct training of staff according to Article 39 of GDPR?
How is property in trustees' hands safe from the trustee's own creditors?
Can I use an image from The Wolf of Wallstreet for a social media vacancy?
Is there a law in Europe (in Austria), which indicates the mandatory number of workers at the robotic factory (specifically car factory)?
Do I need a disclaimer for a camera in a private restroom?
Do the Courts of European Union publish the full transcripts of proceedings?
State forbids it's citizens from purchasing firearms in states where firearms are legal
Meaning of "indemnify from property"
Is abortion still legal in all 50 states?
Is the U.S. entity ban against Huawei against the rule of law?
Can a city enforce antitrust laws in the US?
How would copyright law affect a seedable random text generator?
Pressing Battery Charges
In Canada when can the winning party recover legal and attorney fees?
Is it legal for reverse lights to turn on when a car is in park?
Is article republishing illegal?
Saving a parking spot and legal recourse
GDPR: Is giving out customer name and implied existence of customership legal?
Can a remote sales person OWE their company money at the end of their employment due to inadequate sales numbers under the FLSA?
Can a US state pass/enforce a law stating that a group of people owe money to the state government?
What Laws Pertain to Parking *Oversized Vehicles?
"Status date" for trademark (in TSDR) is prior to "Filing date"?
Compensation for working more than contract states
Can versioning of legal documents from many different countries hope to work by just using the name of the document?
Is it legal to read leaked classified documents (Wikileaks, ..)?
Building has been out of hot water for 32 hours
Is encrypted health data still considered personal data and subject to GDPR Art. 9 (1)?
Legal options for someone going through my bank statements
How do I die without the funeral industry benefiting in any way?
Big Data - Analysis from the entire population - Disparate impact
Is it legal to enter school from my garden?
(India) Is it legal for hotels to charge 5x the MRP on items in their ORIGINAL PACKAGING, with the MRP CLEARLY PRINTED on the package?
Cutting grass of vacant house next to me
Is a passport proof or presumption of citizenship?
Validity of lease clause requiring specific move out times
Prove for someone that a specific app is yours?
Suspicious Demand Letter - Can I Request Proof of Representation?
In NYS, can a medical marijuana patient be fired or denied a job for a positive drug test result for THC?
Copyright and licensing of orphan works
What measures can the EU take if there are irregularities in EU parliament elections in a member state?
Do user-generated content and votes count as personal data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)?
Could a state legally phase-out pennies?
What are the boundaries of when felony murder can be invoked?
How does a lawyer help when taking someone to court for money owed?
Can Huawei sue Google for refusing to offer its services like Google Map?
Can I legally deny entry to service dogs because I have cats in my store?
Trade Name: What class applies to websites and epubs?
Can a retail store staff member search your bag on exit?
Opposite Title of a case
How far does copyright go in creature design?
GDPR and collecting politician's social media posts
Downloading music using "online converters"
Discovery questionaire in Fed Civ case
How much trouble would a company be for using pirated software and ripping off online course videos and selling them as their own
How to use the vehicle horn to communicate?
how does copyright work for performer and singing cover tunes and or singing a translation i worote
Is this story about US tax office reasonable?
If a law abolishes a crime, can the law pardon people previously convicted of that crime?
How to protect my trademark application from a well funded startup?
Is it okay for letting agency to deny me viewing for not telling them my employer name and how long I had been in a profession?
How binding are NDA's?
About filing FIR and Autopsy for a dog's killing in my college
Can I quit claim deed my property to anyone I want?
GDPR: Can I do anything that touches a system with live customer data if I have no instructions at all
Florida Condo Law and Kickbacks
Can a U.S. election be overturned for foreign interference?
Mass, commercial identification of people appearing in porn
I read this story about a physical assault. How much of it actually makes sense?
What legal charges could I face after this action?
Is it a crime to run away from spouse and child and declare it as separation?
Do Mafia lawyers exist?
How can I legally use trademarked entities in my free computer game?
California: "For quality assurance, this phone call is being recorded"
Is it required for web store to have database server located in Australia?
How is a US political campaign supposed to verify that donors from abroad are US citizens?
What is the best way to proceed with a legal action against US company from abroad?
Implications of inlcuding copyright notice from other work
Is a public IP address classified as "personal data" for a third party under EU law?
Access to Small claims procedure
Assignment of Contracts in business acquisition - do they require notice?
Can my neighbor post signs on my side of the fence?
Diplomas Must Be Under 10 Years Old?
EB-3 (Green card) case in different county from the company's current address
ADA and reasonable accommodations
First-to-use vs First-to-file trademarks
Schwab 401k 'hacked'; somehow they added/linked an unknown bank account and transfered out ~10% of my balance!! How
Are there any legal restrictions to practicing law over video conference like there is with medicine?
Is it legal to create scoring program in Excel of a copyright protected questionnaire?
Clarify this legislation - electrical plugs
What is the meaning of 'the rights reverted to the author of the book in 1951'?
GDPR: can we ask the building owner to share and/or destroy data about one's RFID activity?
Would towels under floorboards (for sound insulation) be considered an unacceptable fire risk?
I believe this is too much, covering ALL of my windows
Must a mailing address be provided for return of damage deposit?
Does a trademark application for technology like semiconductors or voting machines require an invention or embodiment?
IOS App rejected due to an unknown "_file"
Does the user get affected if they buy an item that says “Not for Individual resale?” in the U.A.E?
Can Hilton claim that they invented the chocolate brownie?
Can co-parents-in-law marry? For example, a husband's father and a wife's mother
Is it legal to make money off a youtube downloader or similar unofficial YouTube service?
Is a travel agent obligated to support/accept tax-exempt certificates and process refunds for all states?
Is it libel of one merely shares libelous material written by others?
Who's at fault for crashes while changing lanes if the driver who isn't changing lanes speeds-up beforehand?
Copyright and transcripts
Is a Blood sample considered Personal Data under GDPR?
Are the pictures inside an old book that became PD because of lack of renewal, also PD?
Driver's license renewal issue in Virginia
Texas excessive fining
Why is there no remedy available me when a manufacturer removes a feature due to a flaw after purchase?
Registering an app with a copyright office
Applied for adoption records & original birth registration - It's not the original registration info
Single sign on via cookies and GDPR compliance?
Can the plaintiff in a civil case change the requested damages after the defendant has already been served the summons?
How do you get an "uncertified copy of birth registration" certified?
Contract terms are binding as long as services are provided on a mutually agreed-upon basis
Contesting a harassment injunction and university action years later
Patent application: can the citation of a figure from another author be considered fair use?
Impersonation - promoting contents to make it look like it's coming from someone else
Would EVA foam under the carpet be considered an unacceptable fire risk?
Is it against any Texas wildlife regulations to keep a possum as a pet?
Parking Garage, held 44 min over ticket dispute
Are there any circumstances under which a federal court order may be lawfully ignored?
formatting affidavit with multiple pages
Legality of replacing manufacturer's labels when repairing equipment?
Can a police officer enter with no warrant or cause, and must I comply with orders if one does?
Can a user sell my software (MIT license) without modification?
How do you obtain evidence for GDPR violations?
Intent to Vacate apartment before 30 days, do I need to be there for 30 days?
Who is eligible to attend US public high schools?
Can I translate a copyrighted book with the intent of publishing it?
Selling branded products
Is Uber acting unconscionably in Australia?
Should I raise another complaint or report to publishers?
Is arbitrary age-based pricing legal in Canada?
What is the legal term for coerced indecent acts (not including rape)?
What legal proof is valid for a user to complain under an online privacy policy
What does "rejection of an arbitration provision mean"?
Are gender roles in the workplace legal by US Federal law?
Is it illegal to reference other brands in an app for profit?
Legal to create a backup of website that is shutting down?
What constitutional laws support a leader overriding his Congress?
Is there a standard end of lease time in Washington?
Is an illegal abortion a Malum in Se offense or a Malum Prohibitum offense?
Small Claims Court UK - Small German Company owed less than E5000 EUR by UK company
Notice period fraud
How come the nude protesters were not arrested?
Husband in jail, car loan in both name?
Do corporations have any legal liability for XSS exploits that can harvest private/payment info?
Is it legal for a bar bouncer to confiscate a fake ID
Is web scraping legal without authentification?
Can a juror be held in contempt if he/she sexually harasses another juror during a trial?
Can U.S. Tax Forms Be Legally HTMLified?
Can either party in a Civil Case ever be forbidden from appealing?
Are you allowed to put a customer's email address in an internal business email?
Using short quotes from published, well-known literary works in a product
Can one go to jail for not abiding by the letter of the law but abiding the spirit of the law?
What can a user do if a service does not enforce their TOS?
Locate me data obtained from european register
License ambiguity - When license version is not specified by author?
Should I sign apartment condition form before inspecting apartment?
Repatenting a medicine
Can I fly a rocket of any size with just an FAA waiver?
Looking for any case that connects an assault and the signing of arbitration agreements, possible duress
Municipal Court Remand New Jersey Help
HOA president using HOA funds for a French drain in his back yard
How long is a Divorce Financial Settlement kept by the registrar of a local UK county court
How often does a website have to ask for cookie consent?
Does one-way written communication bear legal standing?
Is it illegal to secretly record someone without their permission in UK?
What constitutes comercial use of software?
Is it illegal to make a puppy fur jacket?
MMA Fighter knowingly slays their opponent with a legal hit, is it manslaughter
I was banned from a roller rink for something I didn’t say
I committed a crime against the Weapons Act in Germany - Can I travel there?
Management fee increase
How do free-speech protections in the United States apply in public to corporate misrepresentations?
Use of non-commercial image benefiting someone else
Is a surviving spouse responsible for the medical bills of the deceased spouse
When can you no longer submit evidence in a civil case?
Legal status of animals in Germany
How does providing written messages as evidence work?
Can liability for data disclosure be waived by T&Cs under GDPR?
Is making a public comment about a girl's breasts illegal?
Accepting terms and conditions without identification
Are Steam account IDs (and telemetry data associated with Steam IDs) deemed personal data?
Are Text Messages Legally Binding Even If I Signed A Contract
Are bylaws required to be given First Reading as a minimum?
Legality of creating your own backup copies of video games you own
Is abuse during custodial interrogation grounds for suppression?
Is This Parental Leave Policy Compromise Legally Sound?
NJ EZ Pass Toll Violation
Need an opinion
Meaning of a Memorandum of Understanding
Hiring part-time IT contractors who are under an IP assignment clause in their day contract
Did my rights get violated
Copy of ID card: blacken / hide fields that are not relevant (Switzerland)
Value of parts on a totaled car [MO, US]
Could the teacher be liable if a student stole a chemical thinking it was dangerous?
Is there a way to hold someone criminally liable for the factual veracity of statements made outside of court or other official proceeding?
When going to court is it typical to have multiple related claims?
Appeal from District Court (in San Diego, CA) to a Bankruptcy Court ruling
How far does parody go in copyright laws in Canada?
Will the equal rights amendment actually have an effect on any existing statute?
Quoting from a book with "All rights reserved". Fair use?
Can a registered user of a word mark which was registered as whole, break the word into parts and use it in the products sold?
Is it legal to prosecute someone for ulterior motives in the US?
Are jurors ever told about jury nullification in the US? If not, why not?
Can police search people and vehicles on my property based on third-party report of drug use?
Are Jurors informed about jurry Nullification
Is Legal to use characters from movies/games without license in a non related business?
Are you disobeying a lawful order to stop if you're already fleeing?
Can an open source licence be revoked if it violates employer's IP?
Does CC-SA (Share-Alike) force me to provide a free version of the derivative?
Can Landlord Make Changes To Apartment Fee Policy In A Memo?
Can the entity storing my property indefinitely unilaterally decide to remove/discard it?
ISP is not hashing the password I log in with online. Should I take any action?
Employer not paying the raise I agreed to when I accepted new position
Traffic citation
Terminated for significant other's religion
Does utilizing "copyleft" programs like git and gcc imply that the output has to be under the same license?
Can a contract alter a lease?
What can a spouse do in regards to controlling the beneficiaries of a life insurance policy in a community property state
Ordered to hand over all messages with Plaintiffs name, though not being used in defense. Is this really allowed and enforceable in CA?
Are there any Federal laws governing the maximum number of passengers you're allowed to squeeze into a subway car?
Does preventing a murder justify breaking a "No Trespassing" law?
What does Justice Anthony Kennedy mean by 'you're recused'?
When does a bill become law?
Claiming self-defense and refusing to self-incriminate at the same time
Bypassing website's paywall by modifying HTTP request headers
Am I allowed to gift alcohol to an adult as a minor?
Can TV channels registered in one language run shows in another?
Selling a used car with unknown miles, bill of sale and title question
What countries blindly protect their own citizens from extradition?
What are the consequences of forging a will, in common law and in civil law?
My landlord verbally told me that they have a secert setup of cameras, what should I do?
Proof of Consent under GDPR, HOW TO?
What rights am I going to Loose from my EU patent if it is registered by a consortium
Can job interview questions be confidential?
Does downloading a ROM put me in legal trouble?
System of Checks and Balances: Judicial Overreach?
How to legally use patented designs for new CAD invention
Which countries' law should be considered for Privacy Policy and Terms of Use in a localized website
Is it legal to record a clip from a TV show for a voicemail greeting?
Covering a logo with your own and using the equipment in advertising
How can the US president give an order to a civilian?
Is reverse engineering for research legal?
Does the federal government have authority to impose tax laws at the state level?
American citizenship that got lost in the family
Do I need permission to publish a FOI response in a blog post or open letter?
Could asking someone to participate in a lawsuit count as defamation? I suspect he was illegally evicted as well
"no logs" website in eu - is it illegal?
Is a red arrow equivalent to a red light?
California Penal Code, Section 800 Statute of Limitations
Right to court-appointed attorney for driver license suspension?
Apart from trademark protection, what kind of intellectual property protection may logos have according to US law?
Small Claims Repayment
Should I seek the services of a lawyer when marrying my girlfriend who is on a J1 student visa?
Yojimbo lawsuit, copyright a story?
Filing a Federal Criminal (not Civil) Complaint
Is it legal for a landlord to arrange viewings with less than 24 hours notice in the last month of tenancy
Should I refuse to vote in my condo association after the President published lies about me?
Is reselling online currency of a Website illegale?
How to prove Landlord sent a section 21 via email (UK Law)
Does printing several journal articles for a friend run afoul of copyright law?
What is a factual matrix?
When going to court should a plaintiff preemptively refute the other sides defense?
Is a monthly Patreon donation\subscription, a contractual obligation to pay someone?
Car accident and now charged Assault
Is it legal to pay a potential political candidate to do something that would disqualfy them from running for office?
Powers of California District Court in Bankruptcy Court Appeal
Do I still have rights over an app I gave away?
How to find audio of US Supreme Court oral arguments?
Is it legal for restaurants to not pay their courier the tips we pay them?
Is a police car parked perpendicular to the road (with flashing lights) sufficient by itself to legally establish road closure to all traffic?
What is the distinction between "reduce" and "suspend" in the context of government action?
Writing a Script Based on Existing World
Controller processor roles for a SAAS for schools
Will there be any copyright issue if we use an existing product's name?
Definition of privileged information in investor law
Displaying a website in a webview inside a mobile application - copyright infringment
Maximum penalty for breaking residential lease in Michigan?
Are parking lots allowed to ticket for a higher price than listed
Do I need to report a subcontractor injury?
Does signing CLA and contributing to Apache project really grant a patent license for the entire Apache source tree?
Is it illegal to withhold someone's passport and green card in California?
If a person is court ordered to pay child support in the state of Ohio does that person have the right to claim said children on taxes
Foreign company failed to honor a merchandise cancelation
Is it lawful for a police officer to order you to put down your baby and submit to arrest?
Store browser width / screen size and browser type without user consent?
UK - Working without a contract. I resign and guy wants to sue me
GDPR question about processing personal data for research purposes that yield aggregated results
What is the difference between personal contract, business contract and full-time contract?
When can employer change pay (increase or decrease)?
Interpretation of Employment Award
Is a contract between two third parties actionable?
What's the best way to include e-mails as evidence from a technical perspective?
Can a private school refuse admission despite the student having the requisite cut-off?
The Consumer's Right To Challenge A Company's Claims
If someone reviews my software program, when do they share its copyright?
Is there a boilerplate text to avoid legal liability for the content of a book?
Copyright licensing and Passenger Ships
Stands the Patriot act on the same footing as the Enabling act in Nazi Germany?
Leagalities of recreating a website design but not using publically
Is Sword and a Shield a doctrine in the US?
Are the husbands HST arrears for his business considered part of the marital assets etc.?
Digital ownership in a peer-to-peer network
Is it illegal to print a copy of an out of print book for personal use?
Paternity of non-marital children
What information will be made public by CRT and for how long?
Is it legal to translate an article without author's' permission
Inheriting a parents home with a right to use clause in the will
Use of copyrighted music on my dancing video app
How are programming books written if language names are trademarked?
Is it legal to compel users to share data in order to access more features, when the features being accessed do not require the data being requested?
Can I serve my ex spouse an eviction notice before he signs a quitclaim deed?
Taking Leads from a Company I quit
In Texas is it okay for a person to post photos on a commercial website of private property without the owner's permission?
Are there case law examples where a reseller was forbidden to publish the name of the item being resold?
Notary attested true copy of passport
Was nationalisation of energy companies a breach of EU law?
Most economic approach at getting something protected under US patent and european patent
Legal sending personal information to a third party if the user supplied incorrect contact information?
Creating products and inventing during employment and assignment of inventions
Could using Private Journals be a violiation if used against someone in the court of law?
Would working for a marijuana distributor remotely from outside of a legal state be open me to criminal charges?
The Reality of a graduating law student
Right Turn on Red with No Sign Visible
Is it illegal to say the police won't help?
Is the public road limited to the ground?
What do "constitutional" and "unconstitutional" really mean in the US?
How do fast food chains get away with selling fake chicken?
Distinction between a dinner party and a pop up restaurant
Triple Talaq Bill introduced in Indian Parliament
What is apostille attestation?
What is the optimal form of business, if you are living in Austria and want to minimize legal and tax burden?
Can I produce or write my own recipe book based on what my action in cooking using other's recipe book or online?
Can I use the EPL-licensed library (Paho) for a commercial project and NOT disclose the source code of the project?
GDPR: legal to combine (clickstreams) tracking and survey?
Two copyright for the same image
Which supersedes the other, laws or treaties?
Is it obstruction of justice to advise someone not to answer questions from the police?
If a security guard wrongly physically stops you, is that assault?
Recourse for Denial of a Teacher Contract
(CA tenant law question) 3-Day Notice to Cure or Quit, with vague "cure"
Difference between information and opinion?
What happens to past legal liabilities after changing from self-employed to a limited liability company?
Can holiday pay be lower than the current National Minimum Wage?
Do you get to keep unneeded evidence?
How can I get an apostille on a marriage certificate?
Can a police officer film me on their personal device in my own home?
Ignore an invoice issued by an internet registration
Can I be prosecuted for smuggling as long as I honestly declare everything I'm bringing?
Evidence for continuous residence to apply for UK citizenship as a EU student?
Wrong corporate name on employment agreement
GDPR - Company employee
Assessments for Condo
Is there a special process to render personal belongings for company use?
Is it illegal in the United States for a journalist to take photographs of a letter of correspondence with a foreign official?
Was any penal law corresponding to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights ever introduced in any country?
What authority does a US state use to tax former residents?
In Canada can employer force employees not to discuss wage?
Are there any laws in Australia that would stop someone having a doorbell that captured fingerprints
How to use free sound for commercial use?
Do local authorities require planning permission?
Can an estate agent legally incentivize someone to sell below market value?
If a licensee creates a derivative work, do they own the work?
If a law doesn't exist prohibiting something, does that mean it's legal to do?
Is it legal to wear human skin?
Remove characters from an OFL font and use it on a web site
Do internal annotations on user accounts fall under the GDPR?
Do default Apache logs violate the GDPR?
Landlord's obligation to attempt to clean an appliance before replacing
Locked out of my own 401k/IRA
Do companies violate California labour law by not giving uninterrupted 10 minute breaks for each 4 hours of interviews?
Arrest records. Case never filed
Is a firearms id card required to own, possess, or use a rifle or shotgun in a shooting range in NJ?
Can my landlord keep my deposit for longer in case additional flea treatment is needed? (renting with pets)
If a USA citizen marries a foreign citizen who has a kid from a previous marriage
What happens to a minor who gets into a traffic accident during driver's training?
Pulled over (graphic included) - Washington DC
Which countries allow reverse engineering for one of their licences when it permits unlimited software copying, & doesn't forbid reverse engineering?
How to determine which court to apply to when parties are in different areas?
Giving live streamed video as date stamped evidence of an event in court (UK)
Single or divorced, how long ago
what if two words in a law or act are being used but are contradictory?
Do Credit card companies actually sue over large debts? California
Rental agreement
Sweden Freedom of Press Act; Definition of Compilation of Documents
Possibility of credit card trolling strategy
Can contract text itself be subject to copyright?
How can I report Fake News with deceptive misleading statements?
Can US Supreme Court justices / judges be "rotated" out against their will?
What kind of "Trust" should I choose when applying for EIN? Roll over assets from account held in parents' Revocable Trust
Getting Sued for Second Medical Opinion
Do I need a license to drive a moter vehicle
What would someone be charged with if they did this as the patient before surgery?
Do law schools teach the logic in "Logic in the Theory and Practice of Lawmaking"?
What are the priorities/rules for pedestrian crossings without lights?
Two year home residency and citizenship under section 322
Is a license required to be an art dealer in NYC?
How can nicotine be legal for a pregnant lady?
UK: Legality of horse racing on the highway
If I answered questions on a web forum, does it violate US copyright for me to publish the exchange?
Can the prices of goods be copyrighted?
How can new villages and cities be formed or incorporated within various states?
Is a testator not an executor if they execute their will?
When does it become illegal to exchange bitcoin for cash?
GDPR no opt out option
Naming a game studio similar to an existing game
Concurrent polygamy
Can a store clerk let a customer use their ID to buy cigarettes?
Does the EU Blue Card allow to deliberately have 3 months of unemployment between jobs?
What laws prevent a company from owning itself?
Can a CDL driver take on a second job driving a 10k or lower transport job during hometime?
Taking back a property as gift
What is a "significant behavioral, emotional, or mental disorder" for the purpose of firearm disqualification in Hawaii?
Who in NH can legally bear weapons near school?
Can parents withhold their birth certificate/marriage license from their kids
What does "residence of temporary character" mean
What constitutes having a history of violent behavior against the person or another according to Maryland firearms law?
Before the 13th Amendment, could people sell themselves into slavery in the USA?
Does the employee or employer decide how to satisfy the tax withholding requirement for restricted stock granted as income?
Clery Act--Does it include reports of crime that occur off-campus to university members?
Subsidies for low paid / free workers in some EU countries
In NJ, referring to the NJSRA, is "salesperson" different from commission-paid "independent contractor?"
Can I use a corporation name that has been "Merged Out" as my new corporation name in California?
Would gambling money on odds of winnig a video game be legal in the United States?
Reimbursement for business use of personal phone
Can adult citizens carry knives in a school zone in NH
Marshae Jones' case: Manslaughter when shot, would it make a difference when baby was born?
Does a contract override explicit clarification after agreement to it?
What kind of documents on a civil case file can be not accessible by the plaintiff?
How to prove unreasonable interference with use and enjoyment of property?
Ontario Human Rights Code vs. Canadian Human Rights Act and whether either compel speech
Is it possible for something to be Creative Commons and have exclusivity?
Mandatory rent increase in tenancy agreement? (UK)
EULA acceptance
Does parental leave count towards extinguishing a debt to the employer?
Once a judge (NJ) has ruled for a change of venue (to FL) can you appeal? Or other?
What does "in the course of" mean?
Mechanical Rights for Beethoven's Piano Sonata
water pipe leaking from above floor
Can a murder case be filed if that information gets classified?
Pressing charges for domestic assualt
Is it illegal for a civil litigant to report the process to the whole world?
What is the legal background for confiscating cell phones of detained asylum seekers?
Croatian labour and contract law
What can the government do with the Iranian tanker Grace 1 seized in Gibraltar?
How do one country's sanctions on another apply to third parties?
Can a medical provider be paid to display some advertisement for medical services/treatments/products in their office?
Simple estate planning
Using BSD licensed in closed source software
Under GDPR, are service operators allowed to record all clicks of logged in users?
What if the code found in github with MIT license was stolen by someone and uploaded there?
Does using a spell checker online mean I'm automated and required to disclose myself as a bot to California?
Is using a bot to post data to a system that doesn't have an API (via a "Ghost Browser" such as Selenium) illegal?
How is the EEOC "four-fifths rule" discrimination rule applied when rates are small?
Would a parent leaving their child at safe haven to avoid paying child support be guilty of a crime?
Strict Construction vs. Liberal Construction
Class action left handed lawsuit?
what is the minimum age or conditions to pick up a prescription on someones behalf in WA state
What legally would happen if you murdered your conjoined twin vs your twin?
What is the minimum time an employer must give before cancelling work?
How can a person with a similar experience with the defendant, help the plaintiff in a lawsuit?
Not paying property rent due to unlivable condition
What is typically legality regarding a bitcoin 'cleaning' service?
Do I need user consent to respond to their email sent through my website's contact form?
Can an employer force all employees to open bank accounts in the employees' names?
Can a landlord force all residents to use the landlord's in-house debit card accounts?
My religion discourages use of direct deposit, but my state allows employers to mandate direct deposit. How should I navigate this situation?
Legality of the Android APK package format and external support
How much can privacy concerns ignore danger?
About BAFoeG Bundesausbildungsgesetz
Can I sue the bank that allowed a wire scram to go though without my authorization
residency in california
Can a claimant rely on an estimate of cost incurred rather than actual costs?
Under GDPR, why is google not considering the index entries as personal data?
Is it legal to have unpaid volunteer moderators (or other types of volunteers) on a for-profit community website?
Legal definition of a "few weeks"?
Does a 16yo without a work permit have rights to the code he was paid to develop?
Is identification of an employee by another employee restricted by GDPR?
Is deterministic anonymization of test data ok?
Correct way to ask written questions of an expert witness
Is this a copyright?
Outline Planning application on my land
Is it legal to sell a used mattress in Westport, CT?
intellectual property rights infringement
Does the law make any legal distinction between finding guilt and categorically establishing that someone committed an act?
How is the passing of an estate's property handled when the recipient has also died?
GDPR rights when subject dies; does family inherit subject rights?
Can international competitors discuss pricing strategies?
I am being threatened by a former employer
I was a victim of fraud and mean to turn the fraudster in- how?
Is discrimination based on job occupation legal in United States?
Working online from abroad in a USA organization
US Patent Law: Can a consumer of patented technology be held liable?
In California, can landlords take money out of a security deposit for a "cleaning fee"
Is an insurance refund check considered an asset?
Pay Discrimination Legal Grounds
Cyclist killed in hit-and-run; will cyclists be allowed on the jury?
Advertising Brand-name Products
Can a country exit the TRIPS Agreement without exiting the WTO?
What is the equivalent for "Consideration" (English common law) in Spanish speaking countries?
Can I use game name in domain of satiric blog
Waivers for personal injury
Is it legal for a private business to require contact information to complete a checkout?
Is it bad to have communication with opposing party outside of court?
What is the amateur FM broadcasting legal limit?
Work for hire as a contractor without payment, can you withhold IP?
Why is Capcom listed twice here?
Fraud if a director lies about being unable to pay
Couple Forced to Give Up Babies After Embryo Mixup
Company not paying promised referral bonus
GDPR - am I the processor if I don't host the website?
What prevents someone from claiming to be the murderer in order to get the real murderer off?
Multiple Non-Compete agreements
Can an auto insurance firm ( US) raise rates based on old age?
How long is a manufacturer liable for a product
Is There a Federal Statue regarding Invasion of Privacy When it Comes to Landlords?
On the federal level, does the Constitution actually mandate that "no one above the law"?
Constitutionally can the judge issue an arrest warrant for driving without a license?
How can settling a claim be beneficial and done properly?
Are unclear "take-it or leave-it" contracts interpreted in my favor?
Can a non compete clause prevent clients from being serviced by an entire company?
When can a contract require the agreenment of another contract?
When is something inadmissible as evidence because it's considered a negotiation?
Can I sell origin accounts with games on eBay?
Writing/using selfmade API for DeepL
Home maintenance: contractor paying separate company to obtain permit
Is the cop right? Is it OK to harass people, but only as long as it's non-sexual?
Can some clauses of a contract be enforced when there is a breach of contract (caused by non-payment)?
When does failure to pay become a material breach of contract?
Transfer of US Presidential power when both the President and the Vice President are incapacitated
Must shoppers show receipts if they don't want to?
Travel Trailers & Registration
Did New Zealand just ban all semi-automatic rifles?
Question about Landlord Responsibility to Mitigate Damages in Michigan
Credit union holding car note, refuses to provide details of how payments have been applied
What is the legal term for enforcing things when an HOA has been lax previously?
How hard is it to dissolve an HOA?
Is there a way to let users of an audio editor web application upload audio files (music, most likely), without copyright infringement?
Joint executors: can one be silent?
Privacy Protection of the US Census records... impact of Privacy Act of 1974
Is the premise of Robert Mueller about how a sitting President cannot be indicted imply that a sitting President is above the law?
When can you avoid libel by preceding a false statement with "Sources say" or "I heard"?
It's illegal for me to drive in Texas because I don't have insurance?
Filing a lien if a client is unable to pay
Assets, acquisitions, and creditors
Under what circumstances can dust be considered "damage" in Maryland law?
Can you identify someone from their car plaque in the UK?
Is it illegal to block people on Instagram?
What do I do if someone forged my name on bill of sale to transfer title?
Is the Code of Conduct of an institution legally binding in the UK?
Why was the decision to make a non-traditional prosecutorial judgement unclear at the start of the 2017 Special Counsel Investigation?
Does ability to impeach an expert witness on science or scholarship go too far?
Private company making it hard to delete customer's personal data
What is the legal status of intimate photos sent to your (now) ex-partner after a break-up?
Why couldn't this character in 'Better Call Saul' be a paralegal or take a similar role?
Redress for Loss of chance - where to find information
What is the legal role of a Christian baptism certificate?
Do lawyers have intentions to establish precedent?
Can child support be settled out of court, and can that settlement be challenged in court?
Can a Resident Assistant be told to ignore a lawful order?'
US, legal producing pornography, illegal prostitution
Can the deliberate withholding of sex constitute coercive and controlling behaviour under English & Welsh law?
Requirements for low-power radio transmitters
Rights protection on Google Play
What was the basis in international law for the seizure of the Iranian tanker Grace 1?
Violating a country's law outside that country
Is it really a traffic stop? Was I operating the vehicle?
Is it a 5th amendment violation to set a person up to be arrested?
Is it legal to make a counteroffer without mentioning that the contract was altered?
Will a contempt of congress lawsuit actually reach the merits?
Categories of US law
How to get rid of Payment Express Gateway? They are not closing my account?
Buying of a noble title
Should car sharing company explicitly notify about accident liability when advertising?
Is it legal for a supermarket to refuse to sell an adult beer if an adult with them doesn’t have their ID?
What does "resting on" mean in Vehicle Code 27400 VC (drivers aren't allowed to wear headphones in California)?
To what extent has the legality of property taxes been tested in American courts?
Why was El Chapo tried in the US?
Does a property owner with beach frontage need to post the beach for it to be considered trespassing to walk across the property?
What's the difference between inquisitorial and adversarial systems?
Is there a limit to the liability an airline can impose on a passenger because of their behaviour?
Over-serving an intoxicated customer
As a website owner, what's my legal requirement to ask for SIN number
Insurance-Provided Rental Car After No-Fault Accident
Does tracing and distributing the shape of a commercial longboard infringe copyright?
GDPR: Can I collect non-personally identifiable information?
Would I expose myself to liability by verbally abusing a debt collector?
Unable to understand this text in a deed of assignment of intellectual property
In Canada, can you be sued if you specifically name a salesperson in a poor review?
Duty to rescue injured police officer during traffic stop? [USA]
What legal responsibilities does a corporation have in this situation?
Am I legally Required to Pay For Order I had done and Have not Picked Up?
Original unpublished, derivative work published, is original now considered published?
Outsourcing papers and other homework and screen sharing to India?
Is employer responsible for tree damage to car parked in their lot (New Jersey, USA)?
What is the difference between overturned, reversed and remanded?
Is research in a company for feasibility testing a commercial purpose
If you take your package from a shipping company without their permission in the US, what, if any, laws would you be breaking?
roofing contractor contingency agreement
Legal meaning of as per and in accordance with
GDPR: Transfer (chapter V)
In general should court documents not be disclosed?
Music Transposition Copyright
Can children be placed, and required to testify, under oath in American courts?
Can an Indian Deemed to be University suppress the fundamental rights of a student?
If you pay with something other than money, do you have to pay tax?
Can case law never appealed in a higher court be appealed and overturned?
Can a business run a contest that excludes residents of certain states?
Legal to ride electric scooter/moped on Texas sidewalk?
Is it illegal to state in your website that an employee of a company emailed you?
Retrospective revelation regarding age
When is something considered theft vs free?
Meaning of "natural life" against "life"
Why can Disney sue you for a photo of a Disney tshirt on your website?
Can a company legally use their competitor's name in their tag line without permission?
Is there a proper lexicon for legal documents?
Does GDPR's physical address rule apply to my real world hobby art group?
Claiming statutory warranty for a fault that resulted in the loss of the product
Copa Airlines overbooking - delay compensation
Insurance paid bill outside coverage and sent the bill to collections - Is that debt legitimate?
Legal to walk around with a wooden rod in Alabama?
Aggravated vs Punitive damages
Is it frivolous/inapproptiate to dedicate a court document to a close relative?
Is it mandatory to register a business account at online shops?
Confidentiality clause in a contract (Netherlands/EU)
Make money with a service that depends on third-party software
Specific wording for a judgment finding no arrears in child support in Texas
Google Analytics on mobile: possible to use without consent?
Can a company take unique a domain name if it was registered before the company registered a trademark?
Trademarks: Can I start an app if an unrelated trademark already exists?
Are teachers allowed to require students to create a social media account when an option like Remind already exists?
How do I object to the FTC and Equifax settlement?
How many presidents have sued others?
Copyright contract vs license?
Is dumping a bucket of water on a police officer assault?
USA: Can a witness take the 5th to avoid perjury?
Any evidence of cases in the United States where tenant won quiet enjoyment suit?
Is the statement "I/we am/are pressing charges" incorrect?
ability to eat bacon as a job requirement
Immigrating to Canada from the UK - sponsored by a spouse or skilled worker?
Communal vs separate property, California divorce
US domestic flight crosses into Canada - what is the legal situation?
What does "no-fault" auto insurance coverage look like for vehicle damage?
Are Police legally allowed to confiscate a Camera and Phone over "suspicious activity"?
Why are college hacking treated differently then outside hacking?
Is it legal for private citizens to "impound" e-scooters?
When signing a contract, are modifications agreed to in seperate documents striken out or valid?
Using IP(Internet Protocol address) to calculate Tax
GDPR - Service storing other people's clients' emails
Who owns my idea? Me or my company? [UK]
Emoluments case
How do I get my property back?
What is a leading question?
Public disclosure of private conversation
At what point could courts in England no longer legally create new Common Law offenses?
Submitting files to docket when I am representing myself in a law suit
What recourse do I have against a person falsely claiming to reside at my home?
What does Enurement mean in a contract?
Can libel/defamation be identified in private publications?
Can someone put signs in my road verge?
What’s the legality of creating gametes from deceased individuals?
When is it ilegal to carry opened alcohol in public?
ICE Detention of US Citizen
Why does the CBP border zone nearly touch Reno, Nevada?
Is it necessary to convert Pvt. Ltd. to public if there are 204 members?
Can we get charged for felony for opening a parcel accidentally?
Was Francisco Erwin Galicia Arrested or Detained?
Is there a requirement for DHS CBP to provide a phone call for detainees claiming to be Americans?
Spanish Court ruling on working remotely
Copying an existing HTML page and use it, is that against any copyright law?
Do I have to pay gift tax if I'm put on a house deed?
Sweepstakes without winner?
Paying ransom to ransomware extortion - could communities be sued for collaboration with criminals?
Can a US President, after impeachment and removal, be re-elected or re-appointed?
Can I start an online business, where i sell Rock band merchandise without the band's permission?
Is it legal to pay a ransom?
Can tenants change their mind as to move out date? (UK Law)
Annexation and becoming US president
Is it error of law to judge on less relevant case law when there is much more relevant one?
Sovereign Citizen Obstruction Behaviour
Would using a StableCoin bypass the "Money Transmitter" laws in the US?
Self-deportation of American Citizens from US
City laws and ordinance
Can I use race track information in my application?
Enforce GPL v3.0 with software modules
Including geometry dervied from copyrighted fonts in open source software
Allowing access to data before employment
What documents can I carry to prove that I'm a US citizen, other than my passport and birth certificate?
Can a non US citizen work remotely for a US company and be under their payroll?
EULA questions about Microsoft Windows and Samsung
How does the double extension of the doctrine of vertical direct effect discriminatorily limit the no-horizontal-direct-effect rule?
Is the 14th amendment restriction on apportionment applied to women after the 19th amendment?
Where can I find the progression of litigation?
Telecom fee that is mentioned in the lease but no mention of exact amount (U.S.)
Can I use the shapes in Microsoft Office in my software?
College tuition Discrimination based on family income
What is “open-source software licensed under the MIT license”
Meaning ⁠— "Advocates-General increasingly behave as if they were exclusive functionaries of the case law"
Meaning ⁠— judicial "interpretation is the result of its result"
Why can't a cryptocurrency be classified the same way as airline points or store rewards?
Can I make a sports compilation on Youtube using clips from various broadcasts?
Excluding yourself from a class action lawsuit and then suing based on the settlement in small claims?
Under what conditions are U-turns legal? (Wisconsin)
Lease transition to a month to month
Parking lot trying to charge for more than listed price
Claiming costs if a faulty product causes property damage
Is internet tracking "public info" for insider trading purposes?
GDPR Compliance - notification of data breach
Legality of forced, set charitable giving as a condition of employment
Is it legal for our site to store audio logs of calls made by users on our marketplace website?
Can text message be used against me in court
Can I sue the U.S. Post Office for delivering Certified Mail that was open?
When does medical privacy start?
Are names used within a TV show (for example, the name of a fictional business) automatically copyrighted?
How to parse "be an obligation or be prohibited", in para 76 in Case C-355/10 Parliament v. Council (Schengen Borders Code)?
Exclusion based on Ethnicity, a Private event in a Public Space
What does upon conversion mean?
Legality of Retroactive Withdrawals
Forcing a person to remove a picture of me
Restoring a NPO incorporation registration in Delaware
File copying and deletion before employee leaves to competitor
Are lawyers allowed to contact potential clients?
Forgery of video
GST/VAT tax. Why some countries return tax to tourists?
Can I use GDPR to read an Airbnb review about me before I post mine?
Governments interfering with churches since they have tax exemptions and/or tax benefits
Could I get around a copyright by changing one small thing
I was verbally given a home yrs ago in N.H
Is law enforcement responsible for damages made by a search warrant?
Being sued over a promissory note
What if I don't recycle in SF?
Can a family member break into my room and can I take legal actions against it?
Application of the GDPR to emails one has sent
Airline ignoring Montreal Convention
Could I build an island in the Pacific ocean and claim the throne?
The US Constitution endorses a right to "keep and bear" arms. What about buying, selling, and manufacturing guns?
Why couldn't potential grounds of justification be expanded within Art 36 TFEU?
Confirmation of lease agreement
When is a permission required to attack a system?
Landlord provided photos and information for a different apartment
Does consideration have to have value for someone who is a party to the contract?
Specific case scenario, when to apply for citizenship?
Example of True Lease v. Lease intended as Security
Can I enter a rental property without giving notice if I'm afraid a tenant may be hurt?
Did Kamala Harris obstruct justice, if Tulsi Gabbard's claim is to be taken at face value?
Last will and testament: are blatantly discriminatory requirements enforceable?
Hired Contractor (Plumber's) employee stole wedding ring
What is a court application?
What are the requirements for an ALE employer notifying employees about open enrollment under the Affordable Care Act?
Florida Self Storage Default
Placing notices on cars in same-residence parking lot
GDPR Information and consent
Do I have to include a GDPR in my app even tho I don't collect data from users?
Opting out of cookies by emailing a company
Protocol if juror cannot hear or see something clearly
Use of historic characters
Is it legal to work for an US company online on an F1 visa?
May One Turn Left at a Stop Sign When the Car in the Left Street Is Turning Right? (diagram provided)
Am I responsible of the personal data of a second degree user according to GDPR
Am I required to work if I am not being paid in New York?
Can a judges decision to allow a matter to trial be appealed immediately, or only after the trial?
Has the TAA Lease Contract Par. 3 ever been challenged under Texas Property Code Sec. 91.001.e?
Misleading food labelling
Is it legal to scrape commonly known data (not definitions) from a 3rd party dictionary for my own app?
What exactly is "Bodily Harm" and (how) does it differ from bodily harm?
Can a company use another brand's name when describing their product?
Suspicion of crime = theory or hypothesis?
Is port-scanning my own WiFi network illegal in Australia?
Best way to provide video of landlord doing something he lied about not doing?
Find Litigation involving a specific Company in the UK
Is recommending specific medications "practicing with a license"?
Do you have to pay capital gains tax on money earned before you incorporate?
How does a landlord establish that a tenant is liable for damages?
Why are domain names not treated like securities?
Under COPPA, if a person says their age on a site and apparently were younger than 13 when they joined, does the site have to do anything?
business intentionally hijacking search traffic of competitor
Passing on contractor hours
Legal liability for theft of credit card information left in my care with no contract?
In which cases it something legal just because you did not know it is illegal?
What does "possible" mean in this compensation context?
Admissibility of evidence seized from wrong property on lawful warrant (USA)
Are any British or English Acts of Parliament still in force in the United States?
youtube video IP
At what point does a local garden produce exchange run into legal barriers?
Inter-jurisdictional arrest issues (USA, UK)
Is the US Constitution binding for the US President?
Can a party demand you not record their phone call?
What happens if a person has evidence that an accused party is innocent, but to give that evidence would be self-incriminatory?
Have there ever been any cases where someone sued their government for not delivering their passport in a reasonable amount of time?
Company in administration Portugal
Is this airline violating the Montreal Convention?
Is it okay to upload a code 'based' on the book?
What happens if someone knowingly accepts a contract with some invalid terms?
Storing chat messages in a private database with user consent
What Remedy When a judge sets an impossible standard of evidence?
How do I get a wellness check done on my sister?
Would whether an item falls into a specific legal category be a question of law or a question of fact?
Keeping a Weakness Secret
Stickers / Climbing on vehicles
Is this a Hipaa violation?
What are the laws of the sky over land?
First amendment and employment: Can a police department terminate an officer for speech?
Does the Residential Tenancies Act apply when renting a room in a multi-bedroom apartment'
Can I legally make a real mobile app based on a fictional app from a TV show?
Interpret the phrase “within 3 months of the said expiry”
Is a CEO of a company a de facto public figure?
Is texting landlord about lease renewal legally binding?
What are the laws on showing another company's logo in my book on branding?
Does US law have a notion of supply chain management?
Is it legal to call someone a pedophile without a conviction?
What kind of security compliance does one need to store stripe customer data in db for california?
Can I use confidential information provided under an NDA for other work?
Is it legal to create user accounts on behalf of users?
Is it legal for a company to enter an agreement not to hire employees from another company?
Question about copyright, plagiarism and attribution
I lent someone money then they moved out of state and stopped communicating. How do I track down this individual for prosecution?
Illinois and anonymous tips?
United States HIPAA and New Zealand HISO from outside these countries
Does working exclusively online with an Australian student visa count towards restriction?
Drug test, pharmacist father good friends with nurses and doctors
Business legislation regarding selling homemade cosmetics
Does anonymised Google Analytics require positive opt-in under GDPR/PECR?
Fee waiver form with ambiguous 'or' in list of terms
Are employers legally allowed to pay employees in goods and services equal to or greater than the minimum wage?
Can the government force you to change your license plate?
The use of "free" vs "at no additional cost"
Like a menu for unbundled legal services
U.S. Jurisdiction over Virgin Islands
Would police in the US have any alternative for handling a confiscated computer with a hidden partition?
Can a lawyer ethiclly have a person in a 3 way call attempt to gain bank account information?
If I ask a police officer if I am compelled to do something do they have to answer me honestly?
Can someone be involuntarily committed without having prior knowledge?
How is a lawyer suppose to handle his client making statements under oath that conflict with what the client has told a lawyer?
Do I have the right to sell something that has a patent if I started selling before the patent was active?
Who prosecutes the crime of opening someone else's mail?
Effects of getting traffic tickets when drive in New York with an international driver license
Downloading an image from wallofcelebrities.com
Is it illegal for an employer to know that their employees are lying to the companies customers for their own personal financial gain?
Freedom of speech in court (defendant)
An company want me to sign an NDA before I go to a job interview at their facilities
Working on code with uncertain licensing at another company's behest
Is this excerpt from a classical piece copyrighted?
Is it mandatory for Evidential Test results to be published in the Prosecution Case File?
Pleading guilty for a moving violation from several years ago. Points still apply? NYC
USPTO Non Provisional Application => European Patent
Is There a Default Position on Beverage Refills?
What is the status of this patent?
Does Israeli law prosecute citizens who operate sex rings in other countries?
People have said that the FBI couldn’t raid Epstein’s Island before his “death”
Replace User ID with pseudonym, still need consent?
Jurors pre-judging before trial
Can a Condominium Association Incorporate Without All Owners?
Find the status of an IP
What happens if parties do not honour a settlement agreement?
Is it ok to assume a user has opted-in to receive emails in an application where the main purpose is sending notifications
Is a company still required to pay fines if the applicability of a law changes during the investigation?
What is the legal status of refusing to hire or work with gay employees in the workplace?
Can defendant respond to a summons via e-mail?
Letting out a Joint Mortgage House
Are there any Supreme Court cases that have directly issued rulings citing the 25th amendment?
Can lawyers potentially be above public criticism due to their easy access to the legal system?
Close family member got me intro trouble in my home country, unsure how to proceed
Taking Photos in U.S. Prisons
Using someone else's registered trademark
Can an EU citizen spouse look for work before Stamp 4?
What if a restaurant suddenly cannot accept credit cards, and the customer has no cash?
Legal test of the constitutional authority Congress to impose wage and price controls
Is asking a competitor for a quote (either under an alias or not) considered Industrial Espionage
Farmers markets
Naming a product using the first letter of a persons name?
Legal issues in hiring an artist the create artwork for commercial use
What is the functional effect of overturning precedent?
Foundation vs. DAF vs. Trust
Requested backup
Copyright holder and license of the output files produced by a libre software
Motorcycle chariot subject to FL motor vehicle laws
Hiring a UK resident and citizen to work remotely in a Finnish company (pre and post brexit)
If Marbury v Madison was overturned, would this eliminate Judicial Review in the United States?
What happens if a business attempts to refuse cash for a debt, after the service has been completed?
Tell me about Lawyers' thoughts on defending clients that they know are guilty
What can qualify as a terminal illness with respect to assisted suicide?
In the U.S., can corporations be formed under jurisdictions at levels lower than states?
Can the EU legally mandate the sterilization of a member country?
Do I have a case against my employer?
Can I include messenger messages between myself and organizations volunteers/employees in my book, even if it may come across negative, but factual!
Am I legally bound to transfer apartments if I don't like the new lease?
"if the defendant had acted as he ought the victim wouldn't've suffered the harm" vs. "there's evidence that the victim mightn't've suffered the harm"
Are unaudited server logs admissible in a court of law?
Can I protect a logo against registration by publishing it to GitHub with a licence?
Tax law and freelancing as a side-job in Germany
Copyright notices: a team or project declared as copyright holder
Can modifications to a car be done before it's repossessed
Is the Muslim Women (Protection of Rights on Marriage) Act violative of fundamental rights?
can tenant end/prorate month to month lease for extra days needed instead paying full month?
What does μ mean in law?
Can the DA refuse me discovery because I'm pro se
Does GDPR apply to personal information entered in a password-field?
In practice what kind of claims can't be brought to court after signing a settlement agreement?
Freedom to travel
Letting out a property without permission of everyone on the title deed
How do I register a trademark in the USA if I'm not in the USA and I'm not a US citizen?
Is it legal to burn music to a cd for personal use?
Obtaining an address for servicing notices from my ex landlord
Land Registry Clause
International law: Could this kik sexting interaction bring legal trouble?
Posting School Yearbook photos on private Group FB page made up of former students
Attorney Client Privilege: email
Recording lectures for personal use
Does an increase in Tax Exemptions mean I will pay less in Tax for each paycheck? (USA)
Way to Claim an Idea for under $200
Monitoring software and FERPA
How long are schools allowed to confiscate items from students?
What is the license of the code submitted for review but not yet incorporated in the project?
Data Protection Laws
Why does Android care if my carrier doesn't want me to create a WiFi hotspot?
Do the 'not responsible for windshield damage' signs on the back of gravel-hauling trucks actually provide immunity?
Total dollar amount of damages sought outstanding in US courts?
Consequences of blank check on privacy policy?
Question about CIPA
Can police tow my friends vehicle from his property?
Can the court order my retired father, who is a single father, to make more money (Canadian Law) (revised to anonymous)
Can pay be witheld for hours cleaning up after closing time?
Can one get information about US federal misdemeanor citations?
Advice if concept is too general for NDA
Can plaintiff and defendant both want the same thing (court order)
Has US law ever imposed liability for purely unethical behavior, unconnected to professional Codes of Ethics?
Where can I get database of cases from high-court of India?
Can you be convicted for being a murderer twice?
Canada Elections Climate Change and God
Applying for business insurance
What is the legal basis for outsourcing call centers?
If I have access to some else's Whatsapp, can I use it as evidence?
In the state of Connecticut are insurers required to pay for fees related to registering a new vehicle
Why does a mandatory lunch break not count as "waiting time?"
Who has right of way between a legal u-turn vs car driving out of a parking lot as per Texas rules?
Hiring freelancers in Germany
Contract for Securing Intellectual Property
When translating the law, who ensures that the wording does not change the meaning of the law?
Recusal: can someone recuse someone else?
How can I report an animal breeder who sold me mistreated animals?
Buying Organs in different Jurisdiction
Work place photos/images
Speed bumps on private non-hoa road (California)
Are there tests to apply to wills to check their validity?
Can The President Of The US Pardon Everyone?
Is it legal to intentionally manipulate a person towards suicide?
Can mailed documents make time sensitive requirements without indicating a postage date?
If a landlord approvs a tenant but refuses to allow them to move in, can the tenant recover fees associated with temporary housing?
Is newspaper publishing of a defendant's details considered doxing in the United Kingdom?
Contract terms: If it isn't forbidden, is it implicitly allowed?
Claiming Stolen Information in an NDA
How to purchase/sell seized cattle
What are typical pains that law firms and attorneys experience?
early admission for kindergarten
International marriage and divorce law (Australian marrying a non-Australian)
Does the ATO recognise a PayPal business account as a valid business account?
Can a severance package be negotiated?
Can party be responsible for unintentional leak of confidential information
Can a mover indefinitely delay the delivery?
Must party reply to facilitate term in settlement agreement?
questions about the Rubik's cube trademark/copyright/patent
Internet provider breaching a contract
France, how long does a landlord have to give back caution if renovation are not the tenant's fault
Can GDPR be used to reset an account?
Legally act on the behalf of someone else, within a web application?
Refusing service based on sexual orientation
When was the freedom of speech part of the 1st Amendment first applied to the executive and judiciary?
Can you request your personal data from a government agency under GDPR?
Is Medium at risk of legal action?
Does annexation of state apply to territories under dispute e.g. Kashmir?
What does phrases "Deserve an asterisk" and "Putting an asterisk" besides someone's name, means morally and in lawman's terms?
Landlord wants to charge me more than my deposit and failed to give proper notice to vacate
How to prepare for early termination of 12 month lease
Michigan auto insurance laws for a student
What kind of legal trouble would have a law firm that called its defeated opponents assholes?
Lawful vs legal
Mandatory Disclosing of Minor's User Data to Minor's Guardian
Unsolicited ideas clause in terms of service in the context of corporate email contact links?
What are the conditions surrounding character witnesses in trials?
How does equal pay for substantially similar work (as per the California Equal Pay Act) apply to commissions?
Can a beer brewery and liquor distribution company have almost the same names, since they are different classes/categories?
How much authority do teachers get from *In Loco Parentis*?
How long does an energy supplier need to honor a deal from its shady contracted salesman?
Overly Broad Sports Facility Liability Waiver
Gag order in reference to a Criminal Investigation
Is it legal for officers of one sex to strip-search detainees of a different sex?
Are NDAs enforceable if they require violating copyright?
Minor in Disclosing Party of an NDA
Am I entitled to my security deposit?
UK - Landlord refuses to remove personal items
Hearsay in email
Rent contract say that pets are not allowed. Possible repercussions if bringing the pet anyway?
Can the dependent of a G4 visa holder work as an unpaid intern without an EAD?
Signing on Behalf of a Minor
Should parental representative be given access to confidential info in an NDA?
Can I cashout 25 BTC without proof of provenance?
What happens when there's not enough evidence in a trial?
Can the US President exercise a power via Twitter?
Is it legal to hire a Private Investigator in Korea? If not, what's the closest alternative?
What is the legal age for drinking alcohol in Germany?
Is there any country which would allow one of its territories to declare sovereignty on its own?
Does a disingenuous defamation lawsuit constitute malicious prosecution?
Is it legal to avoid Google Play and Appstore 30% fees using a website?
What does it take for witness testimony to be believed?
In which European country is it easier to getting a planning permit for a castle?
Contours of a national emergency in the United States
Florida: salaried exempt, holiday pay?
Does the USPTO distinguish between downloadable software regarding trademarks?
