What's an interactive, hands-on creative way to show the role of prosody?
A multilingual home, a pro or a con?
Why has Paris French mostly lost the distinction between /e/ and /ɛ/?
-anus vs. -inus in (Classical) Latin
What metrics can be used to rate the complexity of an english sentence?
Relationship between "see" and "look"
R before TH sound?
Question re connection between language and knowledge
Core organs of speech
Is there a public list of negation and affirmation cues?
What are lexical and morpho-syntactic alternations?
What phonetic features are commonly used in forensic speaker identification and verification?
Are "arithmetic" and "rhythm" related?
Has any language ever borrowed an interrogative or relative pronoun?
Can a language have both nominative/accusative and ergative/absolutive syntactic systems in its syntactic structure?
What is considered the smallest possible sample size for word frequency lists used in FL instruction?
Term for a similar word that cannot stand for it in every context?
IPA letter: m with vertical straight line underneath
Palatalization in English words like street, storm, etc
A spectral analysis of Hebrew pronunciation, looking for source
Reference for a standard, systematic, conceptual categorization of count and noncount nouns?
Are there languages in which lexical pitch accent and phonemic vowel length vary independently?
Suggestions for brushing the insides of lower back teeth
Does any language using the Latin alphabet have a unique name for "w"?
Is there a PIE feminising noun suffix?
What is the word "spirituality" derived from?
Where does English need a lot more effort to say the same thing than another language?
Meaning of the root "ject"
Does the Rejang language have a Latin orthography in use?
Roles of the vocal cords
Acoustic description of Polish vowels
How to cope with many languages at the same time
Are there other words that behave like "weather" in English?
Is there a paradigmatic formalism for dependency grammars?
"Torpedo compartment" for glove compartment?
Finding the root of an Aramaic or Hebrew word
Possessive determiner depending on grammatical gender of owner
Head to head movement
What language is this character from?
What languages use numbers to name the week days and months?
Is there a data set of elementary typical phrases translated in different languages?
Systematic analysis of the Japanese lexicon (specifically, Kanji)
What is the scope of negation?
When I hear the sound "s" am I hearing [s] or /s/... or?
How can I improve my writing fluency in English?
Case matching asymmetry in German dislocation
Are theta roles universal?
Languages with multiple forms of the verb "to be"
How to annotate a corpus of written discourse for pragmatic analysis (speech acts)?
Where can I find SPAD-T?
Software that analyses a speech recording and displays a graphic readout
Do individuals have an Occam’s razor for word meanings?
Is there an objective definition of compound words?
What are the uses of language in thought?
How is "Writer/reader-responsible language" correlated with synthetic/analytic languages?
Verb conjugation convergence
Is there an estimate for the typical number of morphemes in natural language?
Etymology of Ancient Greek deictic -ī
Symbols for IPA categories
What are some alternative communities/forums that are home to engaged linguists?
The study of Procedure Words
The true place of articulation of Korean affricates
Who and whom confusion for this sentence?
2nd person convergence in other languages than English
Why are Latin descendants SVO?
Why is less consistent SVO more common than VSO or VOS?
"se se" in Portuguese
The contrast between predicative and ordinary
What is the scope of negation (again)?
Grammatical variation between Attic Greek prose authors
Pronunciation software?
Is Huawei a pentaphtong?
Languages with different open and closed word classes
How are "spectral properties" distinct from "linguistic properties"?
Does Japanese have pronouns?
For the 'ch' sound in Chilean Spanish, do these symbols differ?
Complex sentence without a subordinating conjunction?
Are there writing systems with more than upper case and lower case?
How to work with an IPA chart?
Translation of "Beowulf"
In how small chunks can I chop up a text for piece by piece translation?
How can I embed language proficiency assessment within an unrelated experiment design?
Help me find an early Old Norse dictionary (or even a grammar)
dear, ear, fear, gear, hear, near ... why are bear/pear pronounced differently?
Translations into Mongolian and Icelandic
IPA notation for syllabic [n] after another [n]
What is the difference between velar and ejective stops?
On the etymology of Ankara / Phrygian Ἄγκυρα
Does word order really not matter in Latin?
What are the major sources of error for state-of-the-art parsers?
adjective features - similar to beth Levin's verb classes?
How different are Urdu and Hindi?
NLP conversion between parts of speech and pertainyms?
Given a verb get a noun that corresponds to subject or object
NLP system with end-to-end ambiguity support?
Are there any languages besides Japanese which are both inflecting/agglutinating and do not indicate word boundaries in writing?
Binding theory - coindexes that produce grammatical sentences
What do WordNet::Similarity scores mean?
"Telephone game" effect when translating between languages
Is Ursus arctos a tautology?
Redundancy needing definition
Unknown language on back of paintings
Is the Ampersands a Letter in the Latin Alphabet?
Why is "speak" a class 4 strong verb?
Examples of Borrowing Languages
Why do neuter nominative and accusative always agree in IE languages?
Time annotated corpus: plain text english corpus
German/Swedish dictionary to download as a text file
How does passing air through a narrow glottis cause vibrations?
SAMPA of a language - phones or phonemes?
Pseudo-possession or marginal possession
Is there a compilation of the various etymologies of the words for "library" across Europe?
Has anyone attempted to simulate the creation/development of a language?
What does the term cascade refer to in syntax?
How did the ancient Greeks say out loud "1" (which was written in another way)?
Might Mongolian "хэл" and Proto-Fiinic "*keeli" be related?
Is it true that one can be bilingual in any pair of languages or are some languages 'incompatible' with one another when learned in childhood?
Can a vowel and a consonant be allophones of the same phoneme?
Are capital and lowercase letters considered allographs?
Which other languages pronounce <j> as [dʒ]
Why are syntax trees binary trees?
Center of a set of words
Van Wijngaarden grammar - concrete examples?
Why is a matrix clause called "matrix"?
Any NLP performance timeline?
Would an acronym be classified as an icon or an index?
in the definion of government, why can't we allow asymmetrical c-command while we accept symmetrical c-command?
Are Biological and Linguistic Evolution Similar?
Are there any languages with a plufuture for tense sequencing?
"an" -> "a" When Describing a Noun With Adjectives
What is state of the art in the field of NLP?
unicode symbol(s) for a long syllable in a Latin text
Did German or English form of infinitive appear first?
singular part of speech for multi-word units and expressions?
Do native speakers of languages using logographic writing internally vocalize while reading?
Stanford NLP parsers and idioms that have common semantic meaning
Help me unpack this Classical Greek word?
Formal definition of English grammar
Are there languages with consonant clusters that include consonants that never occur alone?
Order of derivational and inflectional affixes
How does the reaction against gender-specific pronouns relate to a languages' use of gender?
VerbNet semantic roles and preposition groups - how to determine matches
Do I have copyright issues when making a corpus from the web?
SALT Software transcription
What is the term for pairs of words with converse meanings such as (gave<>got) and (bought<>sold)?
Examples of discrete place-of-articulation changes
dependency or constituency treebank?
Way to learn foreign languages
Is there a term ending in "-nym," that signifies terms that all have the same hypernym?
What language is this and what does it means?
Is there a trend toward more homophones over time? What can counteract that trend?
What is the role of watching articulation in learning pronunciation?
How can I recognize someone's voice from a spectrogram? A puzzler!
Linguistic typography documented?
Is there an online tool to convert IPA symbols into audio sound?
Is there a special term describing mental translation between L1 and L2?
Does an -es suffix for plurality have Proto-Indo-European roots?
Reed Leaf Unilateral Transcription in Hieroglyphic Egyptian. Why isn't there one? Or is there?
What is it called in linguistics when you change a word from one part of speech to another?
Is there a good introduction to subjectivity in language?
What are examples of Haudricourt's tonogenesis in Chinese?
How to find origin of a borrowed word?
What's the difference between [ɚ], [ɹ̩], and [əɹ]?
why can't quotative "be like" be fronted?
acoustic features for english phonems
German sentence corpus with cloze norms
Is this tree diagram correct?
What languages are these?
How to translate a scientific term to Vietnamese?
What features distinguish the true diphthongs of English?
How many levels to approach language exist in linguistics?
How should grammatical errors be treated in parsing and tokenisation?
What are the different approaches of the levels of language analysis as introduced in structural linguistics?
Does sample text exist that includes most English sounds represented by the International Phonetic Alphabet?
What are the subsets of adverbs?
What kinds of nested sentences exist in languages?
Lexical density
Is there a language without words which correspond to the concepts 'I', 'They', 'We'
Is pronoun a subset of nouns when referring to parts of speech?
Please help me identify this language (w/ image)
What are considered to be driving forces behind grammaticalization?
Do affixes and clitics belong to an own part of speech, part of sentence or another category ?
What linguistic key terms are necessary to be understood in order to understand the idea behind discourse analysis?
What part of speech is "probably", and how can it be substituted?
What is the purpose of pertainyms?
Windows software to create concordances from .pdf and .txt files?
What stages of emergence of linguistic features are proposed among the world of scholars?
What is the difference between case marking particles and adpositions?
What's the difference between separated languages and a separated dialects?
Can words have multiple, different origins
Where can I learn more about the 'linguistic center of gravity' theory?
Language policies in education for Friesland
Language policies in education for Switzerland
How polysemic on average were Chinese words around the time of the creation of Chinese characters?
What is the distinction between agglutinative languages and polysynthetic ones?
How do people of Southern hemisphere refer to seasons?
Toulmin model of argumentation
Do all languages share the same set of parts of sentence?
Origin of Russian class 6 and class 10 verbs
Are there documented languages that evolved from tonal to nontonal?
Which linguistic terms, concepts, theories are particularly associated with narrative writing?
Name of the Armenian people/language
How do you code a beat gesture in ELAN?
What is the name for the set of all texts expressing the same event?
Dictionary of English Dialects
How do I draw just one channel of a waveform in Praat?
Is the determination of the constituents within a sentence without exception nonambiguous?
Do certain features of a languages change faster on average ?
For what reason is the term "part of sentence" not considered a linguistic standard?
Are the rules for comma placements universal?
What is the difference between a word root and a word stem?
What languages use grammaticalized spoonerisms?
How do I hear "shimmer"?
How do both traditional grammar and linguistics categorize addressees within sentences?
Is there a public sound bank of the IPA?
Why are the plural and singular first person forms of the verb "go" so different in the Romance languages?
Can a stop be both voiced and aspirated?
Size of phonemic inventory of individual speakers across different accents and dialects of English
neonatal syntax acquisition
What are phi features?
Identifying phrasal verbs
Are the unreleased stops in cantonese discernable by listening?
Why are infinitive complements analysed as separate clauses?
Mandative construction verb form problem
What sub-field in linguistics should I study to help me learn foreign languages?
Can't understand the meaning of a sentence
How many different relations exist for a semantic net?
Which grammar framework the terms "predicate/ complement/ adjunct" belong to?
Word commonly tagged as noun but use as verb
What phonologically redundant features can capture the characteristic of a voice more specifically?
What are the IPA equivalents for the special characters used to transscribe indian words?
Did any indigenous American languages have/develop a word for "Native American"?
What is the origin of the silent visual applause sign?
Other than Scottish rolled "r" and North American rhotacised vowels, are there any differences across "r" sounds in English dialects?
Origin and meaning of the surname "Babjak"
What is the difference between an alveolar trill and a syllabic alveolar trill?
Can the entropy per word be caculated precisely?And relation among information theory, semantics, and pragmatics
What are the benefits of learning Latin using Spanish?
"The meaning of words depends solely on mental concepts inside the human brain"
Intransitive verbs that take Indirect objects
Before being borrowed by Europeans, was "hurricane" ever pronounced with an initial "f"?
Combine dictionary lemmatization with stemmer
How to search Penn TreeBank for arbitrary patterns?
What exactly is the SBAR label from the Penn TreeBank?
Ei (egg in German) and eye; Auge (eye in German) and egg
Are imperative verbs starting a command subordinating conjunctions?
Spelling of laryngeals in Proto-Indo-European
Earley Parser: Ambiguity
L1 acquisition of morphology in heavily inflected languages
Phonological Differences Between Given Names and Surnames
What Sprachgesetze are suggested by Quantitative Linguistics on semantic level?
How do various frameworks account for situations when multiple cases can be assigned?
What is A-movement ? Can I find a short essay that can explain it?
Looking for word to lemma free database
Why do PIE verbs have suffixes -m-, -s-, -t-, while personal pronouns have m-, t-, s-?
Is the labiodental flap used only in the beginning of words?
What is the linguistic process behind prolonging of vowels?
Are there letters or diacritics in the IPA suitable for narrow/phonetic descriptions of the Malay final -h?
Correctness of Wiktionary IPA Translation
X-bar analysis of Copular verbs?
Raising aspectual verb "stop"
Which mutually intelligible language groups are spoken by more than 1 million people in Cameroon?
What's the use of Grammar?
What is the origin and meaning of the word/name "Idora"? (Shortened)
What is the IPA notation for Chinese zuo4cuo4 做错?
"Regarding" in Korean and Japanese
What is the most recent example of a language which has split from another and become non-mutually comprehensible?
Why do time adverbials like "yesterday" have a different distribution than adverbials like "always?"
πίστις & ἐλπίζω related linguistically?
Preposition vs. Subordinating Conjunction in English
What is an affix called that is interlocked?
Are there any words understood by speakers of any language in the world?
Can every language express any lexical aspect?
What method of teaching foreign languages is more effective?
Chomsky's Universal grammar and Evolution of human languages
Abbot & Costello "Who's on First" with a pragmatic (or other linguistic) perspective?
Descendants of Latin vs. Greek?
Can you give some examples of counter-intuitive phenomena discovered by linguists?
Can Malay or Indonesian ever have an /n/ followed by a /g/?
Why might ergativity be correlated with polypersonal agreement?
How many different syntax patterns exist in standard English ?
Is a sentence, composed of mainclause and subclause, represented by one or two syntax-trees?
Are different "aspects" of a Polish verb the same lexeme or different lexemes?
What's the largest dictionary in the world?
tree diagrams of a question
Why is [f] ambiguous between [f] and [s] after saying the word <three>?
Resource that gives examples of many different sentences described in tree diagrams
Experiment on reiterated translation
Is there a vowel equivalent to the bilabial approximant?
In which languages does "right" mean both a direction and "correct" (or another positive meaning)?
What are some grammatical features found only in modern languages?
What is an example of a language or dialect that contains triphthongs?
Where did Latin come from?
Non-projective S in lexical-functional grammar
Metaphor/metonymy
Drawing tree diagrams of ambiguous sentences generated by a CFG
Is «plausible» a false friend between English and Spanish?
Which languages have words containing the same letter three times in a row?
What are the different ways used to ortographically show the length of vowels?
What quantity-level of mutual intelligible words are needed for claiming dialects to be languages?
Short summary of Cognitive Linguistics
Is there a term for sentence ending phrases like "if that is the right word"
Ellipsis site in information structure
How to determine difficulty of a word if its frequency in a corpus is known?
Do we know how common it is for ethnic Chinese and Tamils in Malaysia to speak each others language?
Would someone be able to identify this language and translate the text to english?
Semantic Relatedness metric across Parts of Speech
Does ambisyllabicity apply to all words?
Do unschooled people use cases correctly, e.g. in Germany and in Russia?
Translation into Latin
How do you do an interlinear gloss for an analytic language?
What is the longest sequence of vowels in one word that you know of?
What are the foundational papers in computational phonology?
Why are Native American names translated?
Using Swadesh lists to find languages with most frequent vowel use?
How close are pronunciations /ɕ/ and /x/?
On the search for an example sentence from a German textbook
relative complexity of languages
What are common non-lexical indicators of sarcasm expressed orally in English
What is the least changed language in use today?
Is there some article/book containing history/comparison of different systems of syntax diagramming used in modern linguistics?
Concerning Semitic Pronunciation of Pharyngeal Letters
Do other languages distinguish the verbs "to drink" when talking about alcohol?
Is there any language where there exist words for smells not connected with smelling objects?
What is the difference between a filler word and a discourse marker?
All things equal, does the number of words affect comprehension time?
Common change of conjugation of the verbs in spoken languages?
Does Basque sound like Spanish, or vice versa?
Why don't any languages have strictly one character for every single phonetic sound?
Is there any corpus for technical English? (E.g., computers, IT, modern technology)
"Episode 78" machine mistranslation etymology
Common change of conjugation of the verbs in spoken languages?
What are the disadvantages of Abugida writing systems?
Why did English change so rapidly between the late 1600s and the early 1700s?
Could the English language be learned purely by observing written texts?
Book suggestions for linguistics for Computer Science people
influence of the structure of a sentence on its semantics
Was there s-mobile in the PIE root for dog?
Linguistic studies of singing: prosody, structure, etc
Are there different Terms for "Synonyms" when distinguishing inflectable Words from particular inflected Forms?
Two questions about Sappho's name
Are there drawbacks for a language where every word starts with a consonant and ends with a vowel?
English grammar: is it possible to automatically verify correctness
Expected Frequency
Why are genitives/possessives incompatible with restrictive post-modifiers, esp. relative clauses?
Is there a term for this use of an indirect object?
Which languages marks grammatically for social relationships?
Is the social relationship between listener and referent grammatically realized in japanese or korean?
Which languages allow right-branching nominal pre-modifiers?
Is there a phonotactics hierarchy?
Textbooks in Formal Semantics / Montague semantics
Is there a reason behind the phenomenon of English becoming more vulgar with time?
Lexicosemantic and lexicosyntactic?
Learning German and Yiddish at the same time
Is this natural: gender concord of direct objects with the past participle in French?
Why "Kampuchea" → "Cambodia"?
The effect of speeding up speech waveforms on formant frequencies
What is the linguistic significance of dep and gov methods in Stanford NLP's Typed Dependency class?
Looking for a good mid-level reference on modern syntax
Voiced aspirated sonorants? (Not breathy voiced)
Learning two closely related languages
Opposite of "intensifier"?
Linguistic relationship between Hebrew and Greek
Why do French/German speakers round [ð] to /z/ while Italian/Hebrew speakers round it to /d/?
Why does gang-nam and viet-nam both contain nam meaning south when one is in Korean the other Vietnamese?
The Armenian word for "King" and it's relation to Greek ἀγαυός and Phrygian -ΟΓΑϝΟΣ
What is the linguistic term for an environment where parents teach a second language to their children in lieu of the parents' native language?
Why do languages with such different alphabets use the same common punctuation marks?
On donkey sentences: why is this formalization incorrect?
What is the difference between complements and adjuncts?
What is this trait of answer ellipsis?
Is music a language?
German long "o" vs. "au". Is there a rule?
Isn´t there a contradiction between 'feature-checking' and 'no tampering'?
Which sign language should I learn first?
Is the agent in an ergative language a subject or an object?
Is there an order of difficulty for MSA?
Understanding possession
What stats are available to estimate the possibly coming "World language"?
Can Chinese speaking different languages understand newspapers from different cities equally as well?
How do breathy-voiced stops work?
What's the difference between structural and generative linguistics?
Determine adjective order algorithmically
Find which alphabet is this
Is there a language with no gender for family relationships?
Adverbs vs intensifiers
Lexical diversification
Everything is too much, nothing is too little?
Database of Swadesh lists
Articles in Indo-European Languages
Present Subjunctive as Optative
Is the use of abbreviation and ellipsis as codified as the basic syntax of a language?
Etymological reason behind Lao's many seeming variants for "stairs"?
Do Persian Adjectives have Masc. Fem. and Neuter forms
Are there Tai languages (or Tai-Kadai) which have a voiced velar stop phoneme?
Language characteristics only found in one language
Does Lao (or Thai) have any "verbalizer" morphemes?
The Difference between "Imperium Persarum" and "Persarum Imperium"
Detecting actions within text
What is the origin of the paucal form?
Is it possible to build thesaurus automatically?
How did the same perfect-tense structure become so widespread in Europe?
List of minimal pairs in Turkish
How can a Language or a Dialect be incorrect or inferior than some other one?
Wh embedded question ambiguous trees
Origin of Language as Commands?
Are Spanish "que" clauses following "parece" complements or postponed subjects?
adjectives and adverbs functioning as prepositional complements
Any world languages having multiple-letter-based or single-ideogram-based syllables where three or more consecutive syllables of any word repeat?
Are some languages more advanced than others?
Why can verbs with imperfective morphology have a perfective meaning?
What is the root of an utterance without a verb?
Semitic: *w > y
Steps to build a dependency parser
Why are non-stop nasals so rare?
The reasons for displacement letters of the words in the transition between languages and dialects
Are there measures of language complexity?
What is the most comprehensive context-free grammar for English?
Which languages contrast /ɕ/ and /ʃ/?
If word usage is based on semantic range, how do new meanings emerge?
Why does google translate produce awkward sentences
What is the history of the International Phonetic Alphabet?
Glottal stops that aren't tenuis
Evaluate idea to autobuild russian-english parallel corpus
Etymology of Demeter
Gold Part-Of-Speech tags
At what point in the syntactic hierarchy inside a clause do phrases acquire ‘propositional’ status?
Why is "Shanghai" pronounced the way it is in English?
Which comes first? Grammar or language?
How does one learn the meaning of a new symbol in Chinese?
Trying to understand why adjectives do not refer
History of languages from a geographical perspective
Which two languages are the most unlike each other?
Are there verbs in Swahili which can be both active and passive?
What feature classes do ʙ r ʀ belong to?
Do languages with long clusters have minimal vowel or consonant inventories?
Alternative subject positions in Spanish questions, economy and markedness
Memorability of words?
Theoretical implications of different models of distinctive features
Sentences using the X bar theory
pronouns with uppercase and lowercase variants
How do I deal with an infinitive verb in a syntax tree?
Diphthongs ending in unusual vowels?
What's a good example of the explanatory power of autosegmental phonology... for first year undergrads?
What is this language?
Armenian pH < PIE *p(H)?
Reasons for code switching absence
Infinitive verbs in syntax tree
Where can I find formal grammars?
What are some must-have equipment in a mobile fieldwork kit?
How do PCFG parsers actually work?
How are numerals written in Arabic?
I am searching for a rule on the use of was and were preceded by if
What is the orthography for each of these Khmer vowels?
How many bases does a compound word have?
Etymology of basic numerals (number words)
Aside from Praat, which are the professional options for speech analysis?
Determining underlying representation
What is the meaning of zero intension?
Do Persian Jews voice Hebrew ק?
what is the feature notation for total assimilation?
How do we get "four" when it doesn't follow Grimm's law?
Counting in base n
What languages other than English distinguish 'poison' and 'venom'
Does anyone know the name of this form of wordplay?
Can anyone recognize this glyph or ligature?
Can present tense be more marked?
Is word order a method of implementing case in English language
Languages with 0 Number?
Why don't some Arabic letters appear in the alphabet list?
What kind of wordplay is this?
Interrogatives and Copulas in Malay
What language is this text?
When did PIE people split into subject-verb-object -- SVO and SOV peoples?
Detection if input sentence represents an incomplete sentence?
How is case assigned in elliptical answers?
Examples of Linguistic Features?
How many of English words have Germanic roots, and how many have Romantic roots? (in percent)
Decisions of Detail
Syntax trees and comparatives? Maybe adjuncts?
If we can only translate declarative sentences into symbolic logic, then how is symbolic logic useful for linguistics?
Does any linguist honestly believe that nouns and verbs are not universals?
What it the best algorithm for dependency parsing?
Is lambda calculus only applicable if syntax trees are binary branching?
Comparing writing systems by ease of encoding/decoding information
Researching extraposition in a syntactic treebank
How to transcribe a labial+glottal stop released as a bilabial nasal
Is there any link between the word 'eight' and the word 'night'?
Is there any characteristic that is unique to North Germanic languages?
New Etymological Knowledge
Why does English not have a cognate of words like heter, in Swedish, or llama, in Spanish, etc?
Is there a term for a made-up synonym or analogy to describe a forgotten word?
Term for when sentences (or parts) are combined with "this means", "meaning", "that shows", etc.?
Is there a name for a word which can take both genders?
General Grammatical forms of verbs
Is there a resource where I can see the logical form of an English sentence?
Distinguishing between types of ellipsis where different parts of a sentence remain
Are there words that induce semantic satiation more or less quickly than other words?
Can Wernicke's aphasia lead to grammar deterioration?
Where did generative semantics go wrong? Why was their conception of language faulty?
How is the concept of formant used in linguistics different from that used in instrumental music?
The French of Shakespeare -- why does it seem so modern?
Origin of "Eridanus": Indo-European or Sumerian?
What is the difference between coreference resolution and anaphora resolution?
Why do European languages use a similar alphabet, but South East Asian languages do not?
Regular expression that captures sentences
Where can I find a good primer of dependency grammar?
Difference between pitch and intensity
What's the real need for an end-symbol in n-gram models?
What is the name for this type of diagram?
Are there any tools on the market that employ prosodic research to help overcome speech impediments?
Has grammatical gender ever been observed to emerge in a language that previously had none?
Are the orthographies of the Slavic languages generally consistent?
How is the dative case for help being used here?
Why can 'notwithstanding' be positioned before or after the object without changing meaning?
French letter closings in English?
On use and mention in "His name is Joseph but you can call him Joe"
What is the type of adjective that denotes capability?
Colloquial use of adjective that is actually acting as an adverb -- examples or formal use?
Nominative Case Assignment and VP-Internal Subjects
Is it possible to force the Google speech synthesis engine to pronounce individual phonemes?
Is 'identity' a grammatical term?
What is the morpheme that marks a question called?
Did people actually used poetic languages like Latin and Persian for basic spoken communication?
Wordplay in ancient texts
How to represent a dative verb in first order logic?
What heads can an adverbial phrase have?
Syntax and linguistics
What languages are writer-responsible?
What is the relationship between lambda calculus and logical form?
Parts of speech in a language
Conversational English corpus for download
Why are "dynamic" and "deontic" modalities so called?
What' s the hardest language to learn?
Relation between Hebrew 'סמפוניה' and English 'Symphony'
What are the different ways prosodic features of a language are represented throughout the history of linguistics?
Is there a term for a word's propensity for ambiguity?
Is it common to analyze grammatically motivated vowel alternation as an occurence of discontinuous morphemes?
Is it accurate to think of OT and auto-segmental phonology as offering explanations on how phones are derived from phonemes?
Spectrograms from bandpass filters
What is a proper term for the contamination of a language?
Why use the term 'mood' instead of 'mode'?
Text Summarization Tool
Why do these names from the Bible have these stress patterns?
Survey: Do you know of an introductory phonology text that presents a clear account of juncture?
Are there comparative studies of lexical variety in different languages?
Latin -que suffix in romance languages
Does the verb “catch” show the causative/inchoative alternation?
Is Thai less tonal than Chinese or Vietnamese or Burmese?
Phonetic theories of speech production
Why do transcriptions from Arabic contain numbers instead of letters?
Sandhi [English]
How was phonetics performed with a phonograph?
Сoncept of an attribute usesd by Russian grammarians
Are there languages, other than Mandarin, in which negation differs depending on the time interval at which a non-event fails to occur?
How do linguists or professional language learners learn new languages?
Cross-linguistically, how do syllabic consonants interact with morae?
How do caseless ergative languages work?
How do surface and deep syntax differ in dependency grammars?
In what way did the invention of the telephone shape the development of phonetic theory?
Globalized mass-media deterring language or dialects differentiation
What characterises Hebrew spoken by native English speakers?
Formalization of information structure
What's the difference between the output of an oscilloscope and the waveform I get when I record on Praat?
Why is the misconception that "Chinese has no grammar" so widespread?
How was the acoustic theory of speech production informed by electrical circuit theory?
Resource: Audible audio prononcer to hear phonetics
How to determine and listen to rarer pronunciations?
Do well-formedness constraints just refer to prosodic structure?
Markers for feminine and masculine names in Old Norse?
What word did the English use before 'because'?
Etymology of Greek Enualios
Why aren't defective words perfected?
Do principal parts necessarily belong to the same lexeme?
connection between Castor (one of the Διόσκουροι) and the animal (beaver)?
Is there a theory of universal meaning?
Is it right that repetition in English is not so pervasive?
Do subject-object-verb language users perceive the world differently than SVO or VSO users?
Why does 'gauche' connote negativity in English and French?
Why should cognitive semantics and formal semantics co-exist?
Semantic roles in the sentence with ´have´
How to understand etymology derived from obscure languages?
How do formal theories analyse the syntax of polysynthetic languages?
"They told me that" which one is the direct and indirect object?
Teaching my son Arabic
Thematic roles adjunct
Why are there presuppositions?
the distinction between inchoatives and unaccusatives
Can the prefix re- be added to nouns?
Categorizing short sentences into a taxonomy
Suggestions for subjects about syntax
How do dependency grammars account for information structure
Defining Linguistics
Word classes reliant on phonological form?
Dependencies in case phrases
Universal Words
Why do peoples(Europe, Asia, Africa, etc) call "God" in very similar ways?
Monoclausality in dependency trees
Why in all languages the word "samovar" is borrowed from Russian?
What is the difference between semantic and grammatical predicates?
Is it arabic name for Austria نمسا borrowed from Proto-Slavic?
What is my first language?
Dependency tree with "seem"
What part of speech is "city of", "university of", "county of"?
Where can I find a list of abbreviations used in tree diagrams of sentences?
Farsi Alphabet Tips
Kuryłowicz on cases and prepositions
Methods to dissect or parse long, difficult sentences
Vocatives and Case Assignment
Evidence for/against Lexical integrity principle
root of the word Virt
Why is "och" (and) not spelled "og" in Swedish?
How do I start analysing a spectrogram?
Are [s] and [z] allophones of the same phoneme in Spanish? What is the rule that predicts the distribution?
Why do we call sound pitches "low" and "high"?
Do any languages have a nominal suffix meaning 'former' or 'ex-'?
Why is 'internal Merge' possible at all in a theory that rests on Economy and Strict Cyclicity?
Is there a word for repeating the last letter of an acronym?
Phonemes: German vs. English
Mathematical foundations of formal semantics in linguistic
Functionalism vs Formalism?
Analogs of Lambek grammar that can encode structural ambiguity?
How does one pronounce the following cyrillic letters in their respective languages?
What is the difference between cepstral and temporal domains?
Which parts of natural language cannot be covered ( so far ) by formal semantics?
shared written lanaguage, different spoken languages
Why do many languages tend to use plural forms to impart formality or deference?
Is the concept of a verb-subject complete sentence a cultural/linguistic invariant?
What is the origin of the Persian word شكر meaning Sugar?
The -e suffix in a noun
online word references for Spanish
What prevents verbs from taking more than a two or three complements/arguments?
Are there languages whose nouns have multiple cases but whose determiners and adjectives do not agree with the nouns in case?
Where did the discussion of the language faculty between Fitch, Hauser, Chomsky and Pinker and Jackendoff terminate?
Has Ray Jackendoff's Parallel Architecture paradigm received a formal review or criticism(s) from Chomsky and/or others?
What is the term for the category of words that request someone else do something
Oldest words for the seasons for which we have a confirmed pronunciation?
Different discounting methods with SRILM toolikt
Why are placenames considered to be a valid way of identifying a substratum?
Linguistic typology of isochrony and intonation
Semi-offset Annotated Data
Do cardinal vowels form a plane in 3D-space?
Are there any languages that mark predicative and attributive adjectives differently?
Learning new words
"h" in French words of Germanic / onomatopoeic origin
What are the stages of child speech and language development and why?
native speaker error rates
Glide between the words "be" and "okay"
The words men, ben and pen in Kazakh
Predicate vs. Predicator
What human speech sounds could the canine vocal tract produce?
Do mixed languages have families?
Opinions on Principles and Parameters Theory
stress of function words in English
Latin's excrescent e- in English and French
Why is 'be' sometimes the auxiliary verb for the present perfect?
Reason for using 4- and 5-grams for co-occurrence analysis
Does English have a common parlance demarcation between inclusive disjunction and exclusive disjunction?
Does learning ancestral languages enrich a daughter language?
How distinct do two language varieties need to be in order to consider their alternating usage to be an act of code-switching?
Could "scratch" be derived from the same PIE source as "card" and "chart"?
How to identify corresponding sentences in source and translation texts?
Why was the name תאומא transliterated as Θωμᾶς (Thomas) rather than Τωμᾶς (Tomas)?
Can a word have zero characters in it?
Inside-outside algorithm (PCFG learning) and binarization
Consonants in the same tongue position
Indistinguishability of [f] and [s] on phone - citation?
PIE root *(s)plei-: "to split, splice"?
Could a language be reconstructed from a dictionary and lots of natural text?
What languages have been documented using Minimalism?
How to transcribe allophones of /ɒ/ in Boston English
Why is English word accent traditionally defined as dynamic?
Spelling Similarities in English and Spanish but not in Italian and Spanish
What are the blanket or general terms representing these linguistic pitfalls?
How to trace Proto-language roots towards English and French?
Etymology of English suffix -logy
Is there any verb net project in Japanese?
Negation word and stress in English
Within various languages, how often are colours used to signify a condition or a feeling?
When and why did 'another' start being used as one word?
How can two phrases refer to the same object, but have different meanings?
'dispose' vs 'dispose of' & « disposer » vs « disposer de »
Name of theory stating "worldview affects language structure"
Where does the word "kitsch" come from?
What's the evidence for and against isochrony?
PIE root *trep-: 'trepidation' vs 'trope'
PIE root streig- : How to reconcile 'To stroke, rub, press'?
Do all cultures have "taboo language"?
Is the English perfect really monosemous?
Old Norse: Noun declension gen. sg. -s or -ar?
External sandhi rule for final visarga followed by r?
Where do I find nikud for a word?
What is the difference between AUG and CCG?
Phonology vs phonetics : /ʁɔz/ vs [ʁoz]
Modifications of consonants
Where do the spelling rules for French imperatives come from?
Etmology of Old French 'escorgier' : How does 'bind' evolve to mean 'whip'?
Word stress in English
How does the prefix 'entre' in French's 'entreprendre' compare with the prefix 'under-' in English's 'undertake'?
Does word TA comes from historically, or a psychically to many languages on earth?
Word reduction and American T before consonant
Is there a difference in the thematic roles of the italicized constituents of these two sentences?
Is there a database that has information on the typological variation of honorific systems?
What terms define words that may or may not be evaluative?
Why does word-initial upsilon always have a rough breathing?
What should I do of inter-annotator agreement is below 100%?
Annotation tool to annotate a cross lingual corpus
Is there a term for words that consist of the same syllable repeated?
Oddity with the English perfect
What approaches exist to categorizing kinds of passive agent markers and what are their advantages?
What is the history of /ɨ/ vs /ï/?
'scorn': How can a human have horns?
How does PIE root dhē- 'to set, to put', evolve to mean 'thesis'?
Looking for complementary word related to "xenophobia'
How did 'sensuality' evolve to connote lechery? Does 'sensualité'?
How did 'forth + fasten' evolve into 'propagation'?
How similar are Spanish and French?
Uncommon lexical aspects
How common is it for languages to use the plural for zero?
Realization of person in conjugation
'reason that' (English) vs 'reason for which' (French)
'stock' : How did 'to push, stick, knock, beat' evolve into 'tree stump'?
Etymology of 'commode' into French and then English
In case of Derivational nouns, what is the difference between affix polysemy and affix homonymy?
In what languages do eleven start with /b/ and fourteen start with /e/?
How do I diagram this sentence in a tree diagram?
How does the sense of direction in grammatical terms, relate to their definitions?
How can I check whether 'question' in English, and 'xahesh' in Persian are cognates?
Word Co-occurrence and collocation difference?
Deceptive affix changes?
How did 'piety = piété' and 'pity = pitié' diverge and evolve?
What evidence is there that Cyrillic is a single script?
Online etymology dictionary for English (more explanatory than Etymonline and OED)
are words more independent from syntax in non-analytical languages? Does this affect language processing?
How does 'unless' mean 'or' or 'if not'?
German object raising?
INFL as Maximal Projection
Are there any recordings of Emil Krebs?
Can't identify this language
Language-dependent glyphs other than CJK?
How can it be decided whether two grammatical cases should be taken to be just homophonous (i.e. as separate) or actually equal?
Is the modern Latin lexicon productive?
Does "adding a sixth" mean adding a fifth?
Linguistic tools: what works best
"come" in "become" (English) vs "venir" in "devenir" (French)
What's the difference between iterative and frequentative aspects?
Why does the 'PREdicate' follow?
Is Anglo-English more diverse in terms of accents than, say, French (in France)?
Why in most (all?) languages don't adjectives have gender independently of the nouns they modify?
Are there uses of linear logic in linguistics?
Where are clitics initially Merged in Italian?
How do participles partake of a noun?
'modal' vs 'mode' vs 'modality' vs 'mood'
Is 'irrealis' not an official word?
Are there any latin-alphabet languages written right-to-left?
Proper vs. common nouns: Are there more differences, esp. in grammar, than capital letter and simpler plural?
Why are the higher harmonics less prominent in a spectrum of modal (as opposed to breathy) phonation?
Why do you wonder who was dismissed? (Complementizer position)
PIE etymology of 'cumber (v.)'
Downloadable list of Romance-language cognates?
Recent book on PIE and older proto-languages?
Is diphthongising [ʌ] as [ʌɪ] novel or an accent feature?
What are the most distinctive differences in the glottal wave between modal vs breathy phonation?
The phonetic interaction between the F and the T in "often"
Biggest freely available English corpus?
Special Characters and Uppercase Frequency?
Is Chechen language close to Chinese?
Evolution of Definite Articles in Indo-European Languages
Ek gaan or Ek sal
What are the differences between phonology, phonetics, and prosody?
Why is the number 7 often used in Twitter usernames of Arabic speakers?
representing a sentence in integers ( hopefully retaining semantic value )
Why are two 'com-' prefixes in 'concomitant'?
Which English phonemes are the easiest to distinguish from each other?
Attached articles, are they clitics or endings?
How do you learn how to pronounce names?
How do concepts folk linguistics and language ideology relate to each other?
Extracting Rare Words From A Corpus
Does majority of linguists accept universal grammar?
Limitations on constructed languages for native speakers to be
What is the go-to reference for a distinction between language attitudes and language use?
Has the way cursive capital "B"s been written changed since the 1950s?
Any solid textbook recommendations to begin studying linguistics?
Is there a comprehensive list of all (or many) phonological rules (specifically allophonic) of the English language available anywhere online?
What electronic resources are available that categorize nouns by countability?
How to identify mentions in a text?
handling ambiguity in parses
Are there instances in which an entire sentence constitutes a focus--new information?
Origins of Turkic language family? Alternatives to Altaic?
Is Austronesian the closest relative to PIE?
Etymology of some personal pronouns in PIE
What is the protocol to determine sample size in phonetic research?
Irregular Fortition(경음화, 된소리 되기) in Modern Korean
Are there any words that have merged in pronunciation and spelling and then separated again?
How did the Latin ''putare' evolve into all these different meanings?
The PIE root *per- "forward, through" : How did it evolve to mean 'private' ?
PIE root ked- : 'To go, yield'
What does the prefix 'ab-' mean in the Latin verb 'abundare' ?
How did the PIE root *per- (forward, through) evolve into 'para-', to mean 'contrary to'?
How did the PIE root 'dek-' evolve into the Greek 'dokein' to appear, seem, think' ?
What did the Greek 'peripherein' carry?
Why does *h* have two different names in Welsh?
Are there languages in which AND + OR (conjunction and disjunction) are expressed the same?
Why there are no grammatical cases in the French language?
Did the English 'confer' evolve from the Middle French « conférer » ?
How did the Vulgar Latin 'parabola' evolve to mean 'word'?
'stipend' : How did 'a tree trunk' evolve to mean 'payment, gift'?
How does the prefix 'ad-' function in 'attribute'?
Predicate: traditional vs. modern view / semantics vs. syntax
Does anyone know what language this is?
how does a dependency grammar finds a root?
Why do some scientific possessives have trailing "s" and others don't?
How did the PIE root ghabh- mean both 'to give or receive'?
How do you search for nouns that contain the sequence of letters sb in the Corpus of Contemporary American English?
Syntactic Tree help
The variety of ellipsis in "It better be"
The differences between signifier/signified and reference/sense
I am looking for a good chart that maps Orthography to Phonemes for General North American English
Making a balanced word list systematically using COCA and CMUdict
Confusion matrix for consonant clusters in English?
How did 'litotes' evolve from 'plain, simple'?
What are the possible impetuses for loss of Middle English shwa?
The sound /Ur/ in English
How many gaps should a sentence have to be solvable but not too easy?
How does the Greek 'legein' relate to PIE *leg 'to collect'?
What is the name of this text analysis method?
Do any languages use suffixes to represent place value in numbers?
How do you learn what an old word might have imitated?
What is the term for when a general term is used to refer to something specific?
Psycholinguistics: any interesting studies in personality switching withing language?
Why do some languages partition 'to know' into 2 or more verbs?
A question about pragmatics
Second Person Inanimates in Swahili
What philologists influenced Wittgenstein's idea of family resemblance?
Classification of adjuncts in preposition phrases
Why do some people speak/whisper the words they are reading?
Predicate logic
Icon, Index and Symbol
Searching bibliography to develop a pure a priori language
Etymological connections between words for "man" and "woman" in languages other than Hebrew?
About ECMs and considering Adjective Phrases as predicates
Does changing the writing system for a language change the language?
Why aren't there conjunctive adverbs in Portuguese?
How to map "egyptian" to "Egypt"?
Early Modern English spelling variations dictionary
Can determinatives be semantically plural?
What's a good technique to understand the differences between the time and frequency domains?
The verb BE as function word or content word
Which methodology is use for comparative study between two languages?
What do harmonic-harmonic and harmonic-noise ratios have to do with voice pathology?
Specifics about the impact of natural gender on pronunciation?
Is "cran" still a cranberry morpheme, given Cran-Apple, crantini, etc.?
Language origin of english words by usage
Why did Latin fragment so much?
Does corpus linguistics research confirm/disconfirm Bolinger principle?
Constraints for the -er affix
What statistical methods are appropriate to comparing e.g. VOT across different groups?
What kind of ambiguity is this called?
In languages with robust case systems, such as Latin, Russian, and Finnish, is there a case in which appositives commonly occur?
Is there any language where time is grammaticalised by inflections on something other than its verbs?
Which linguistic theories account for non native accent?
Palatalised allophones of /k/ and /g/ as a cross-linguistic phenomenon
Distinguishing "Eskimo"/"Inuit" languages by the passive agent morpheme
Extract location from a string with a city, state, country in it?
Why does "date" in Portuguese became "data", while in Dutch "datum" is used?
How do you learn to rewrite clauses with double negation or hypernegation?
What is the difference between Arabic forms and cases?
Parallels between h₂ and t in PIE and Nostratic, what is the explanation?
Languages without a lexical entry for "before"
Sounds for an Indo-European Language, such as Sinhala?
Why were prefixes repeated as postverbal prepositions?
How did '-ikos' evolve into '-ic'?
Why aren't there any Czech dictionaries that report the gender of nouns?
Where can I get a good Maltese grammar book?
What languages, if any, require spaces around punctuation marks?
Question type corpus
Praat's y-axis in spectrum graph
scansion of a iambic trimeter
How would one make a sentence without using "words"
Term for words or phrases signifying change in numeric quantities?
Metaphor and metonymy in proverbs
Do animals have foreign languages?
Vowel-Backing in English?
Pig Latin equivalent for ASL?
Etymology of 'but', from West Germanic to Old English
Participle + indicative of the same verb (gustans gustavi, videns vidi etc.)
Are the following two versions of a meaning postulate of Montague Grammar equivalent?
Natural vs. "Forced" language learning
Are there languages that disallow initial vowels and lack glottal stop?
How can we account for head-final PPs and VPs in Classical Chinese?
How can a PIE root be a 'pronominal stem'?
What are the most authoratative references on the notion of shallow parsing?
What is the Mongolian vowel separator for?
What's a good test to distinguish past participles from predicate adjectives?
Why does väcka/wecken seem to be built as a causative although vakna/wachen is a weak verb?
Syntax presupposed by Heim and Kratzer
Why do we use an upward inflection when asking questions?
Select a portion of a sound in Praat
How can a pronoun refer to a negative indefinite pronoun?
Are there languages that form noun singulars by adding suffixes to plurals, rather than vice versa?
'penance' vs 'penitence'
What are multiple writing systems used for in a single language?
How do 'semantics' and 'meaning' differ?
How to learn more about contradictory or superfluous affixes efficiently?
What linguistic concepts reveal changes, in writing from different time periods?
has there been any research conducted on formality and language learning?
Stability of palatalized consonants
What are the general ways adopted by most people to learn english syntax precisely?
A list of parts of speech
What's the conventional way to gloss ergative inflection?
Long-term effects of foreign languages on memory
Where does my weird way of saying 'no' comes from?
Why does "before" mean both "in front of" and "prior to"?
r in Romance names of London
Do the words "dolphin" and "الدلفين" in English and Arabic have the same origin?
IPA: Question Marks
Why might consonants have been thought of, as sounds only produced together with vowels?
Why isn't "N" considered a partial vowel
Are there phonetic symbols for grunts/growls and would place be glottal?
What do the labels mean in this latin pos tagging?
Do standard corpus analysis tools like AntConc and Wordsmith work for foreign languages?
Passive Imperatives
Most commonly used words across languages?
If two verbs are in a row, is the first always an Auxiliary?
Does WordNet only contains Lemmas?
Glossing and translating personal pronouns absent from Indo-European languages
Nzwamba OTRAG rocket. What's that and in what language?
How did the prefix 'ob-' function in Latin 'opprobare'?
Why were written sentences longer in the past?
Symbols to indicate different dialects in text
Should common short words be left out of a concordance?
How to parse 'in as much' and similar syntagmas?
second-language phonology/L1 influence on L2 acquisition
Confused about vowel diagram (Vowel chart)—Can you clarify and explain how to read it?
Use of subjunctive in various languages
Algorithm for Separating Consonant and Vowel Waveforms from Speech Signal
Any suggestion for Classical Arabic language online dictionary or PDF?
Is "sentence" a useful and/or clearly-defined term in linguistics
Are cent and cena related?
Schwa syncope in "hundred"
What might *bhes- have imitated?
Etymology of "Haggard" has anything to do with Hagar in Islam?
Felicity judgement for English sentence
Comprehensive diacritics normalization
For each IPA phone, are there animations or videos that depict the vocal tract during articulation?
Assuming that passives need verbal morphology, which languages commonly said to have a passive do not actually count?
Why is /f/ easier to pronounce than /p/?
Are Question Marks Universal?
What is autosegmental phonology?
How did "as" (in English) branch into many meanings that look unlinked?
What's the etymology of 'of' after verbs?
Syntax-semantics interface
Where exactly was the polish-german language border in Silesia arround 1900?
Is there a unicode for words?
Is there a phrase for someone being ashamed of, or self-conscious about their accent when moving to another region?
Confused about vowel diagram (Vowel chart)! Can you clarify & explain how to read it?
How to represent acronyms using IPA?
Difference between linguistics and metamathematics
Relation of Persian "Ke" and English "That"
What is the substrate of Romanian language?
Terminology for the words used to represent fractions in a language? Examples where it is different to the words used for cardinal or ordinal numbers?
stem classes and the terms "fusional" / "inflectional"
Are American English and British English growing closer together or drifting further apart?
Has 'com-' been a causative prefix?
How viable is the Star Wars model of intercultural communication?
Can someone tell me the differences between the vowel system in Canadian English and the one in General American?
How common are indefinite pronouns in creole languages?
Recognize this script?
Chart with audible sounds pronounced, for Proto-Indo-European?
What exactly is remarkable about Proto-Germanic *wrakjon?
How did the prefix 'be-' function in 'behind'?
Where to learn Athabascan grammar?
How were Rs recovered in AmE?
How did the Latin stem '-duce' evolve to mean 'from an effect'?
Why is 'antipode' not pronounced like 'antipodes' without the final 's'?
Frequency of phonemes consisting of two phones in world languages
Chinese 3rd tone: cross-linguistic comparison
How does the term "naturalistic speech" differ from "natural language"
The origin of "ba" particle
What are the syntactic functions in this example of Dutch cross-serial dependencies?
Epistemic modality and the present tense in English
How do Chomsky and Pinker's monolingualism explain their flaws about language acquisition?
Phrase suggestion model using a gold standard corpus
Theory of Enunciative Operations and the present progressive
Measuring semantic complexity of a text
How does inflection evolve in languages?
Was sanskrit first complex language
How did the Greek 'tropos' evolve to the Latin 'tropus'?
How Mistakes in Pronunciation Happen for native Germans speaking English
Where are PIE phonemes transliterated as IPA?
Why was 'thwart' assigned to PIE *terkw- "to twist"?
Phonosemantics: Doubts on the dimensions of verbs
From where I can get phonemes in audio format?
What is to verbs as pronouns are to nouns?
What is the difference between grammaticalization and grammaticization?
Is the idea of "simultaneity" in sign language as opposed to "linearity" in spoken language really tenable?
Which Ancient Greek term describes adjectives used passively?
Base language of Mitanni Texts
Does understanding free word order require a distinct cognitive process?
Why does my P2FA skip every word?
Word ageing: what reliable bibliographical references can be recommended?
Can a case system in a language help resolve gramatical ambiguites?
TAM categories: Can they be predicted from their numbers (a language's TAM inventory size)?
What accent (for the English language) is most widely and easily understood?
What are good linguistic arguments for keeping heterographic homophones?
How and why did Prof James D. McCawley become disillusioned with math?
Is the prefix "proto-" reserved only for unattested languages ?
How to convert a string to their IPA equivalent
Possible connection between PIE Ablaut and Semitic vowel alternation
North American English: R Muscles and Linguistic Description
Are 'feminism' and 'feminist' part of the same lexeme, or two different lexemes?
Calculating writing system efficiency with respect to reading ambiguity?
Is there a relationship between rank(token) and max(rank(tokens in document))?
words ending in -man: Compound or suffix?
Origins of gender distinction in verbs in Slavic
What is the approximate time of the loss of the intervocalic /s/ in Greek?
What is the best introduction to Chomskyan linguistics?
How to understand the difference between "Strong" & "Weak" Hypotheses in the case of Bolinger/Lieberman's views of Intonation?
What is the origin of the instrumental case of predicate in predicative nominals in Polish/Russian?
Tackling cross-linguistic vowel markedness system[at]ically: features or what?
Is the general concept behind "Eskimo words for snow" true?
Which famous linguists embrace historical logic to understand language?
Is there a website where you can find cognates of certain word in other IE branches?
Average number of independent clauses in a compound sentence
Performance improvements of using the shift-reduce Stanford Parser
How did French lose the Latin -v-?
Is there any logic to required double negatives, or is that "just the way it is"?
Why does the head connote foolhardiness?
What do [ ] mean in the middle of a reconstructed pronunciation?
Difference between "Leiden school" and "mainstream" Indo-Europeanists?
Distinguishing inhalation and exhalation in Praat
How do silent letters emphasise the syllable in 'physics'?
Forced aligner in Spanish? (Similar to P2FA)
Meta-operational grammar
English & Competing Borrowings: How many "pre-Norman" loanwords are known to have been replaced by "post-Hastings" ones?
How it happened that the same thing called "Russian mountains" in America and "American mountains" in Russia?
Why are vocal cord vibrations quasi periodic and not periodic?
Said tags in Sentence detection
What does an 'organic' letter mean?
Online etymology dictionaries for French, beyond CNTRL?
Did the Latin '-que' mean "any, also, ever'?
How was the /j/ initial in Middle Chinese borrowed into Vietnamese?
Should the voiced /t/ in the word "ninety" in General American English be considered a tap or a plosive?
How can I represent "I sometimes pet bunnies" using lambda functions?
Languages showing affricate-to-plosive fortition (especially diachronically)
Oldest proto-languages
How does a rule explain how « à chef » evolved into « achever »?
Literature on the reconstruction of proto-Greek
Slot filling corpora
How does the view that theta-roles are features work exactly? For example, in Hornstein 1999 Movement and Control
Incomplete sentence parsing and relation extraction
Finding a word tree translater for sentences that does all the work for me
Why is the past participle of the French « lire » « lu », but « rire » « ri »?
IPA Listening Training
What is the current status of (systemic) functional grammar/linguistics
current state of affairs in (systemic) functional grammar/linguistics?
What's the best way to combine systemic functional grammar and historical linguistics?
Does '-ous' imply no interruption, and '-al' the possibility of interruption?
What explains the differences between doublet verbs that differ by a prefix?
Which Romance language has the simplest phonotactics?
What are some canonical or seminal corpus linguistic studies using the Brown Corpus?
Head to head movement and features in Minimalism
accusative being used to express an origin?
What might explain the loss of -l- from Latin to Old French?
Do we have a taxonomy other than part of speech?
syntax trees from sentences
Which official document defines the English alphabet?
Is the ellipsis behind 'such as' grammatically correct?
How are English spellings determined for words from eastern languages
Help us save a dying language with only 1 speaker left!
Evidence of connections between f0 and a physiological parameter?
Shannon's entropy as a measure of vocabulary richness
ù - Are there other words (in which languages?) other than the french word "Où" that uses it?
Was the change in spelling from "cw" to "qu" in English associated with any difference in pronunciation?
Why do English, Italian, German, Spanish, French and Latin share a common alphabet and many words?
Maltparser vs Freeling for Spanish dependency parser
Political Advertising Corpus
Do all cultures allow for 1 to 1 swapping of decimal numerals?
What is the difference between predicate-argument structure and case structure
Is it possible to determine the number of words in a language?
What connects 'through, by means of' and 'between', with ''around'?
Why do similar phonological shifts occur in unrelated languages
What explains the sound development from Latin -vi- to French -dg- ?
The grammatical subject, the logical subject, and something new
Is language is more about "intent" rather than a great tool for communication?
Theories/Models to explain the language evolution?
Correction of introductory IC analysis
Does space count as a letter in language?
"Dexenoethnic exonyms": typological studies, references and/or resources?
How did the name for st Peter become to be rendered as "Peter" in English, and why is not rendered as "stone" or "rock"
What is the purpose of part of speech tagging?
language distinctions based on gender (sex) of "speaker"
Feminization suffix "-in" in German: etymology and relatives
Can anybody tell me what is on this picture? I think is hebrew
ð and ð̞: is there a dental approximant?
Which writing script can represent all human sounds?
What is the name of this class of grammatical modifiers?
Why doesn't the Linguistic Data Consortium release its data sets free of charge?
*sn > n (in Latin)
Is there a language with phonemic distinction of voicing within vowels?
Can one word be classified as two different word classes?
Are there resources that explore interchange between object and the subject caused by a verb?
How can you learn to read older dialects of your first language(s)?
Manifestation of negation in proto-indo-european?
How are DPs generally structured when just encapsulating a noun?
Multiple ways of representing adjuncts
What kind of speech synthesis is "HMM synthesis"?
When is variation in the realisation of a phoneme allophonic variation?
How to write sonorant assimilation rule?
How can case systems emerge diachronically?
I'd like to know your point of view about that
What are the dimensions along which English & Portuguese differ?
What does "situational associativity between nouns" mean?
"Toy" Tools for Dependency Parsing?
c- in Irish clann "offspring"
Why is the Frontal plane called the 'Coronal plane'?
Does the etymology of 'affricate' consist with its meaning?
Where can you download the IPA chart with audio?
Anguish Languish to English Language metric
What is X in a syllable C=consonant, V=vowel
Propositional pro-forms like "so" English?
Is "old" in "old English" a complement or an adjunct?
Which IPA sounds are similar?
dictionary with the smallest number of circularly defined words
Is there any language that uses different pronouns for "we" depending on whether the spoken to person is included in the group?
Can you see movements of your own velum as you articulate?
Why is merge useful?
context free grammar ressource
How did it happen that K was introduced to Latin alphabet in place of C and C started to mark /t͡s/ or /s/ in many languages?
Recordings with Echoes?
Why is the letter "Q" visually simillar to "O"?
The Syntax of 'Only'
Phonetics to English Text?
Are there any languages without /a/ or /i/?
Are there languages without subordination/only with parataxis?
How are affirmation, causality, similarity, time, etc... connected?
What's the reason behind the "silent n"?
Have there been attempts to verify accuracy of the comparative method?
Influence of the climate and geography on the phonemes
Are English crush and Russian крушить related?
Classification of verbs by meaning?
Distal features of wh-words cross-linguistically
Is there a list of multilingual rhymes?
What part of speech is 'two o'clock' in this sentence?
"oo" in "poor", "door" and "doom"
Treebanks that contain both constituency and dependency parse trees
What types of errors arise when converting consistency parse trees to dependency parse trees?
How to extract Subject, Object, Verb through a parser
Reearch paper subject
Why is "human volunteers" felicitous in English but not in Russian?
Could you tell which pictures, which depict how the vowel chart is positioned inside our mouth, are accurate?
How to use the AssertionMiniPipelineAnalysisEngine in cTAKES?
Are adjective complement clauses considered to be adverbial?
Is there any neurological/biological evidence of Merge?
Why are the elements at the ends of these sentences stressed?
If two phonemes are merged in pronunciation across a morpheme boundary, are the corresponding letters a digraph?
Extracting the list of diseases as well as their negation from a physician note using cTAKES
How is the 'to' in English infinitive forms called formally?
What is the difference between a subordinate clause and an embedded clause?
Statistic data on average morpheme-to-word ratios
Are these Kazakh words considered borrowings (from Russian?) or onomatopoieias?
Etymology of the tribe-names Latins, Lydians, Latvians, Lithuanians?
Terminology for a group of words derived from a common stem?
Irregular penultimate stress in English words from classical sources
How do Indian short form of names work in the USA?
Negation detection software
Meaning of surface expressions
The Sound of Latin
Benchmark data sets for negation detection systems
We have constructed languages, but are there constructed accents?
Is there a term for errors by native speakers?
What is the lexical relationship between 'kingdom' and 'phylum'?
Does adding the suffix -ly to a noun or an adjective provide morphological evidence for word class?
Help identify unknown language
Do dialects without the meet-meat merger neutralize the distinction in some contexts?
If someone grows up bilingually, with what accent will they speak a third language they learn as an adult?
What makes a difference to the meaning of the text with "borrow" and "access"?
Running cTAKES using all cores available
Why does inflection in any language sound so natural?
Is there any language which doesn't have "hello", "thank you" or "please"?
Suffix -sk[a/i] for adjectives derrived from nations in Nordic and some Slavic languages
Meaning of "Elin"
How to find a given text's complexity?
Why don't minimal pairs like "быть" and "бить" prove that /ɨ/ and /i/ are separate phonemes in Russian?
X-bar theory and Trees questions! Complement vs adjunct
What's the origin of "You're welcome"?
Why doesn't GeneTag use BIO for its annotations?
How far is Natural semantic metalanguage really natural?
Can you explain glottal stop?
What is the study of language usage types [a question, an answer, a criticism, a complaint an elaboration, etc]
Sapir-Whorf vs. Chomsky
Labiodental sounds in languages
Is there any OED-as-directed-graph research?
Did PIE *h3 cause voicing in any other words than the "drink" word?
How come I cannot get my "oral" English to a native speaker level after 25 years of trying?
What are the upsides of using dependency parsing over constituency parsing?
Identify and possibly translate a sentence from a language similar to thai
Structured database of the ACL Anthology data set?
Is English of neutral or accusative alignment in verbal person marking?
Retroflex /r/ in Albanian?
Why are the Turkeys name in reference to other cultures?
Realization of word-initial ⟨th⟩ in the English language
Has the ‘chereme’ fallen out of vogue as an emic unit?
Heads, classifiers
Looking for quantitative studies on languages' degree of synthesis
Does a copied syntactic object have to c-command what it was copied from?
Arabic calligraphy - understanding markings
Have the Spanish tenses stopped evolving?
Why are most given names so common?
Do Azeri people actually use Ə instead of A in names?
The origin of the two usages of "certain"
What do we call this phenomenon of the gap between media and everyday language?
Do there exist any languages that use inflection to create questions?
Particles and Words Affixing Heads and Phrases
Does standardisation restrain naturally occurring grammar change?
Praat script to delete line breaks in TextGrid intervals?
Identifying core arguments, constituents?
Can a control verb simultaneously be a raising verb?
Gaelic Spelling and Pronunciation
Etymology of "iron" - semantic change
Differences between phonemic and phonetic transcriptions
Kai as a Frisian diminutive of Gerhard, Nicolaas, Cornelius, or Gaius
Mapping graphemes to phonemes in CMUDict
How to measure phonetic voicing during a stop closure?
Does the French word [fij] (fille) consist of a single open syllable?
Why does Wordnet lack stopwords ("the", "of", "her", etc)?
How to automatically determine good Charades words?
A syntactician "must-read" list
Is there a term to describe comparing two documents to determine if they have the same topic?
Why use (k+1) instead of k in numerator of BM25 scoring formula
Slip of the meaning of expressions
How to assess the language register of speech?
Does "d" weaken when it comes after "g" in word final position?
Stress in negative words and flap "d" in "don't"
Does Merriam Webster dictionary list word senses based on their historical occurrence?
Are there practical reasons why languages developed left to right or right to left writing sytems
Term For IPA Phonemes With Voiced/Unvoiced Pairs
What is being translated as "hello dear", and why?
How was the Anglo-Norman spelling of 'demesne' 'merely graphic'?
Are there resources that exploit phones of English, to teach how to phonate all IPA phones?
Co-occurrence count data sets
V-to-I lowering and split IP hypothesis
Please recommend books or resources written in Spanish, for learning Latin for the first time?
Can Italians understand dialects such as Ligurian and Venetian?
Have there ever been (serious) attempts to replace alphabets with phonetic alphabets?
Where to find old article on frequency of letters, pairs of letters, triplets and quadruplets in 4 or 5 languages?
When do syllabic consonants occur?
Difference between unreleased t and unreleased d
Do general truths entail existence?
How do you articulate the uvular trill, when you can already articulate the uvular fricative?
carry & marry [pronunciation]
How to determine an immediate constituent of a sentence
Possible to describe phonetics before phonology of an unknown language?
"I" before, during, and after the Great Vowel Shift
Is there a language in which feminine is the unmarked gender?
A literal response to satire
Is there a phylogenetic tree for all known languages?
Logic disambiguation in composed sentences with negative predicates and "or" conjunction
What features cause Head Movement?
Is the development of an English phrase such as "on the internet" a process of natural selection?
Treatment of or collective term for constructions with no*, some*, any*, every*
Why does Greek have 'aorgesia' and 'aorist' rather than 'anorgesia' and 'anorist'?
Should I use the Log-Likelihood (G2) test to compare word frequency across corpora?
Why the grammatical difference between "eu gosto" in Portuguese and "me gusta" in Spanish. What's the historical evolution of this expression?
noun phrase types
American English Corpus with spoken language exchange
To which extent are people’s perceptions of their own pronunciation influenced by the language’s orthography?
Is syllable boundary properly annotated at the phonetic or phonological level?
Detailed "quality" of /ð/
Characteristics of Theoretical Linguistics
Is this a nonce word or is there another name for a regularly constructed neologism?
How frequent are different morphosyntactic types?
Phonemic shift: voiced pharyngeal fricative to velar nasal
Can someone please explain the basic principles of optimality theory?
Tools to work with definiteness
Definiteness as the default interpretation of NPs
Responding to a question about differences of an entity
Treatment of final E's in loanwords to English
A term for "accommodating for others' language mistakes"
How is an archiphoneme represented on the phonetic level?
Was a study published about some linguists who taught their children only a constructed language?
What are these circle-like things on my spectrogram?
How can I find which words don't exist in a language?
finding the language stem of vowelless Hebrew
Are there laws of semantic change?
What is the most accepted way to refer to the Filipino (or Tagalog, Pilipino) language?
Looking for korean text corpus
Linguistics relativity and linguistic determinism
What gives rise to racial accents? (timbre)
Can a personal adjective be categorized as a noun phrase?
Does phonetics's definition of 'voiceless' differ from the absence of voice?
Better fluency in second language than native.
Entailments Relations
How does the use of slang words / language among young people affect their relationship with older generation?
Word initial lenition
Beginner to Dutch language: should I translate Dutch to English or to German?
Data sets for sequential short text classification
Arbitrariness and coinages
What is the meaning of "Mar"?
Culture and language
Am I using the right terms in referring to "soft" and "hard" vowels and consonants?
For a toddler who has just begun to speak, is Hindi easier to speak as compared to English?
Are there any sources that provide accurate IPA transcriptions for Danish?
What is the difference between a phonetic syllable and a phonological syllable?
What is the web-searchable database of linguistic features?
Which branch of linguistics educates on affirmation, causality, similarity, time, etc…?
Accents and dialects
Why givin’ instead of giving?
When transliterating English words to Korean, why does the first F become a ㅎ?
What kind of a word class are numbers?
How to generalize over these morphological rules?
What is the relationship between minimum pitch effect and intensity?
How often can the words in a sentence be rearranged to form different but similarly likely setentence
Allophones of an archiphoneme
Why are German and Dutch preschool TV shows so unintelligible to English speakers?
Can Dari be understood by everyone in Afghanistan?
Does the single word 'equimolar' have single-word equivalents for less than or greater than?
Is the wh-expression "How" an adjunct of VP?
For adjectives which change meaning by position: why are they subjective before nouns but objective after?
Why should etymology stop where it does?
Examples of stems that are NOT words
Relation between VOT and three way distinctions between plosives and affricates
Formants in Praat Exercises
Corpora Tools for Cataloguing and Phonetic Markup?
Grammatical Aspect and Lexical Aspect
Are there any rankings of languages' rates of change?
How many of all possible English words are actually in use (have meaning)?
Why are some sea mammals called "sea pigs"?
Is it standard to have intermediary forms when deriving surface structures from underlying ones?
Has any research been done on the effect of introversion on language learning?
De Morgan's Law in Semantics what decides the rhs and lhs
Eliminating intermediary forms to account for production and perception
What do we know about primary language loss?
Inanimate pronouns in Hindi
Finding words in a Praat text grid
Finding formants
Pre-trained English language models
How do people know the meaning of new rhyming slang?
Which language is best to study phonetics?
What's the origin of the word "Wizard" in software terms?
How do we measure the degree of similarity between words?
I recently received a book, does anyone know what language/ what this book is?
an ambiguous wh-question with embedded clause
What is the oldest known English word that means "penis"?
Are underspecified segments and archiphonemes represented identically in Feature Geometry?
What language is this and what does it mean in English?
Method for Self Teaching
Corpus which includes smileys or even emojies
I'm having trouble with my syntax tree and wanted some help for a project!
Why are the names of some letters hard to understand on the telephone?
Invisible boundaries on PRAAT?
Is there a term for words that modify the intensity of something
Are abstract nouns formed from adjectives the same as being the adjective?
Voicing as lenition
How is "complexity" calculated on thesaurus.com?
Place feature metathesis
metrical analysis software for ancient greek
The origin of the term 'verb'
Corpus with sentences translated to English
Is the sound "w" a velar or a bilabial consonant?
On the Analysis of Tough-Movement
What does "psychological reality of sound" mean ?
The tetralemma based languages
Why do loanwords tend to be more polite, formal, technical, etc. than native words?
Linguistic term for repeating a noun and replacing the first consonant with M
Can you put tone on any syllable?
Gapping in Lambda Expressions?
Historical Linguistics: Merging consonants
What phonological process changes е to ё in Russian?
Seeking a rigorous description of the phonotactics of English
Non-tonal (and tonal) languages and inflection
Losing a non-native accent of English
Gliding from Unrounded to Rounded Vowels (or Vice Versa)
Phoneticians versus phonologists
If two glyphs representing one phoneme is a "digraph," what is one glyph representing two phonemes called?
Influences on the accent of Georgia (the American state)?
Generative phonology and segmental phonology
Randomly Generated Languages
Did Chomsky originate the term "rewrite rule"?
What is the underlying meaning of the English 'of'?
Investigating the relevance maxim
How can merge produce grammatical strings if mathematical sets do not have an order?
What separates events such as festivals and tournaments from other events such as running and partying?
Do each intensive prefix intensify a verb uniquely and differently from other intensive prefixes?
Complete definition of logical connectives and quantifiers?
Open corpora of personal names
Question about Range of BLEU
Is there a name for the concept describing the particular way in which adjectives and nouns interact together to create meaning
Where did the "ch" (tsh) shound come from in Old French
Pseudosluicing and Isolated NPs
How to represent labialised velars and labials in Element Theory
What is the reason for the double negation found in some languages?
Are there languages with triple or quadruple negation?
Constituency grammar or Phrase Structure Grammar?
Representing prepositions in lambda calculus/logic notation
Help with an ambiguous English syntax tree (studying for a final)
Could anyone explain this grammar question for me?
The phonological rules of metathesis and epenthesis
metathesis linguistic notation
N-gram translations from Spanish to English
Is there any Sanskrit-Greek-Latin-English dictionary available?
how to train parser using maltparser?
Is there any english version [online, PDF] of the following?
most frequent syllables
What were the westernmost and easternmost Indo-European languages in c. 1350 CE?
Are Lana's "Yup!"s triphthongs?
The expressive power of languages : Information content in a sentence : How do we measure it
What are the fillers in the ICSI Meeting Recorder Dialog Act (MRDA) Corpus?
Uvular Fricative Trill vs Uvular Fricative vs Preüvular Fricative
How do native speakers determine a word's literal/basic meaning?
Effectiveness of a script
Acoustic difference in breathing in and breathing out
Inclusive/Exclusive Pronouns and Agreement Mismatch
I have a question about Arabic and Persian language?
What book of the Bible has the smallest lexical density?
The use of the word terribilissimo in Latin?
Where can I find free dictionaries for various languages?
What does kon- in "konfix" mean?
How does Japanese word order obviate the need for relative pronouns?
What is the difference between Equi and Raising predicates?
What is the interlabeler agreement in the ICSI Meeting Recorder Dialog Act (MRDA) Corpus, when using the 6-class tagset?
Difference between grammar and syntax?
What is my first language: the one I'm more familiar with, or the one I learned first?
how to choose a threshold for Jiang-Conrath Similarity?
How is the English noun 'system' a 'base'?
In the context of 'case', what does 'grammatical' mean in 'grammatical relation of a noun in a sentence'?
What sound change(s) underlie [iʒ-] in São Vicente?
The barrier of intuitively using a second language’s word order
What do Determiners determine?
Is there any language where the "copula" is also identical with and function as an "auxiliary verb"?
Is a simple chain of independent sentences with conjunctions considered as a form of recursion?
Voiced "th" in "thank you"?
Is there a solution for the ToBI's weakness in showing speech variance?
Is there a language with a null case particle that signal a single, distinct case relation?
Verner's Law and 'ge-'
Plural form declension with numbers in Turkish
Why is C-selection called 'subcategorisation' and not only 'categorisation'?
Asking for analysis of sentences
GermaNLTK: not finding files [python]
How should I organize my grammar?
Can we form a statement in english with verb without noun
Is it possible to create a new language for faster communication?
The difference/realtionship between allophones and diaphonemes
Do both phonetics and phonology deal with diacritics?
Is there a word for variety of letters used in a language?
Did all regular/irregular verbs arise from the same two sources?
What is the phonetic transcription of the name Jenna?
What motivated the definition of Theme in Semantics?
Scope of Negation and Quantifier
Is it feasible to create an IPA adaptation for cats?
Does this count as predicate transfer?
Given a vowel system, how do I find the tendencies and universals that are manifested with it?
Formal test determining whether a verb is stative
Why don't we use frequency change in ToBI?
How many meaningful English phrases can be created using 4 or fewer words?
IPA convert to English text
Where to find lists of examples of linguistic phenomena
Phonemic inventory of Supraregional Irish English vs. RP - vowel in FACE
What resources explain the oppositions in Grammatical Gender between French and Spanish noun cognates?
IPA: What is the significance of the "aah" after pause in pronunciations
Are British and American English two different dialects?
which kind of phonetic symbol is it?
Similar sounds - phonemes, words and word-sequences
The oldest known examples of written Latvian
Wikipedia and official IPA symbol chart appear quite different
What is the most efficient way to compress "words"?
Does "I don't drink." mean "I don't drink alcohol." in all languages?
Should I use square brackets or slashes when transcribing an oral text in IPA?
How did 'of' absorb so many meanings?
Why is syntax called "grammar outside the word "
How lexical ambiguity addressed in phrase-based SMT
Will my child learn incorrect grammar from me?
Do symbols include only morphemes?
Scopal relation of negation and quantifier
colloquial English corpus with time expressions
Is there a writing system whose word boundary is a non-space character?
What are some languages that are least/most tense-sensitive?
Is a letter a linguistic unit?
Is there a word for artificial language except programming languages?
Are linguistic units organized in conceptual categories?
References and sources to help me explain the semantics of the word 'over'
Is 'unless' semantically equivalent to the (English conjunction) exclusive 'or'?
Can syntax be part of semantics?
Is there a grammar of syntax that takes into account inherent syntactic ambiguity in natural languages?
Are sound changes regular?
How does the French preposition 'de' connect to alienable possession?
Why is the French accent so different from other Romance accents?
What special relationship does 'de' reveal between a main verb and the infinitive?
« essayé de s’évader » : How does « essayer de » not presuppose « s'evader »?
How does 'envisager de' presuppose nothing situational, but 'hésiter à' does?
How to practically apply Grimm and Verner's law to english and Spanish
Are there resources that classify the common words according to their underlying concepts?
Any suggestions for real-time phonetic analysis packages?
Split-INFL Hypothesis and X-Bar Theory
Old Norse name for Balts (Baltic people)?
What are the state-of-the-art English syntax theories there are that can explain all the English syntax phenomena?
Sociolinguistics VS Rhetoric
How do you draw a Dependency tree diagram of a verbless clause such as "Me too"?
Any script or character set that has upper vs. lower distinction on characters other than letters?
Degree of difference between language ans its ancestor
Two and Three; Four and Five; Six and Seven are paired by their first letters T, F, S
French Pronunciation Dictionary
Understanding Symbols in Chomsky's *Logical Structure of Linguistic Theory*
Bare-NP Adverbs in German
Adjunct vs disjunct
Is honorific "uncle" common across the languages of the world?
Wraparound writing system?
What is the most expressive language you can make using 20 words?
How did the letter "v" come to represent the voiced labio dental fricative?
Is this letter ق pronounced almost same in Arabic and Persian?
What are these letters in medieval arabic script?
What are some languages that have largest set of characters?
Is there a common method of transcribing prosody?
The drop/weakening of "h" sound in General American English
How is IPrA going to change the way we transcribe prosody?
I am looking for Danish/Dutch/English/Finnish/French/German/Italian/Norwegian/Spanish/Swedish/Turkish sms corpora
Syntax - difference between modifiers and complements in NPs?
Can someone explain this sentence from Dartmouth's German page?
sign languages and mute people
Finding segments in Praat textgrids
So, if we fix our mouth & tongue in a particular position then we can make ONE & ONLY ONE distinct vowel sound right?
declining numerals in Old English
how to produce pharyngeal sounds?
What's the term for the use of "this" in "there's this guy called John, who..."?
What does this mean in arabic? (picture)
What is the difference between Silesian Polish and neutral/standard Polish?
Is there an easy way to type IPA?
What, precisely, is a phoneme?
Do languages affect the focus of a society/civilization?
"Cloth" lexical set: Is there a complete description of the possible conditioning environments?
Does lack of a common (morpho-)phonological alternation make a word a lexical exception?
What's the function of the PIE suffix *-lo-?
Where is American English not chosen as the dialect of English taught as a second language?
Amplitude as the y-axis on a waveform
What are "Slices" of a spectrogram?
Did Latin have lower-case letters and a full stop at the end of sentences in the 1st century AD?
Chirpy, 10-year-old-girl vocalization on the media
What are the advantages of using ToBI for prosodic analysis?
Are Tajik and Persian mutually intelligible?
Why is "No" more universal than "Yes"?
What is the difference between Greek zōē and bios?
+constricted glottis includes ejectives and implosives, but Hayes only lists [ʔ] as [+cg] on his feature matrix. Why is that?
Cover-term for "declarative", "negative", "emphatic"?
In a Latin ablative absolute, how is the ablative case being used?
Isn't a language where a rule is applied everywhere always overly redundant?
What's a good source of information about how the structure of english sentences has evolved over time?
Has any Indic language spirantized its voiceless aspirates? If not, why not?
What term describes the production of new words by 'aggregating them'?
Can 'semantics' replace 'meaning' in these 7 sentences? Why or why not?
Can 'a system of rules that assigns [...] meaning in a definite way' be replaced with 'semantics'?
Simple/progressive as use/mention
Significance Testing in corpus linguistics for corpus comparison
do the vocal folds vibrate when producing oral stops of zero VOT?
How to save the process of your work in PRAAT?
Order of cases in Indo-European languages by morphologic similarity
Did Chomsky adress Multiword Expressions?
Language with the highest ratio of diacritics to letters in typical text
How is 'that-trace effect' a Logic puzzle for speakers of languages without it?
Is there something deeper behind the “verb classes swapping” of the subjunctive endings in Romance languages?
Languages without plural markings
Does 'meaning change' differ from 'semantic change'?
Order of components within measurement units in RTL languages
Stop praat from removing zeros
What is Fall-plus-Rise (phonetics)?
Saying words aloud to confirm/disprove accuracy of written language
Grammatical term for inflectable conjunctions as used in the Arabic language(s)
Is there any way to draw a pitch track, sound wave, and annotation in Praat?
Is there re-syllabification in Chinese?
Does Syntactic Category determines Position in the sentence and the Position in the sentence determines Category?
Unable to understand meaning of tag NONE *-1 in Penn Treebank example
Most regular and irregular languages
Components of सर्वस्याऽपि
how may I identify informal synonyms and abbreviations in a corpus?
Can we have "rhoticized consonant"?
Grammatical mistake in the Gita
How do we define foot in Mandarin Chinese?
On the programmatic creation of non-English 'syngraphs' for the purpose of lexicon study
How similar are phonemes across different languages?
Is it acceptable to make an acronym with a 'false' letter?
How do allophones become distinct phonemes?
History of Preverbs in Indo-European
How to Handle Conjunctions in Generative Syntax Tree without Abandoning Nontangling Condition
How to derive training data for maltparser classifier from conll file
Does pragmatics cut down or add to the stock of interpretations generated by the semantics?
Word for a word that was the ancestor for another word?
What's a good illustration of the difference between syntagmatic, paradigmatic, and attribute semantic relations?
Old Norse kné: a- stem or wa- stem?
Speech acts theory: (il)Locutionary acts
Related to Corpa Query software
verbal or adjectival suffix -ed in the word "excited"
What is the philosophy of prosodic transcription?
When did the colloquial term "up north" and "down south" begin?
Corpus of tagged text (English newspapers or any tagged text)
Other languages that borrow as promiscuously as English?
Assimilation: What is the process in which both phonemes change?
How good is a round-trip translation as a machine translation quality evaluation technique?
Middle and Old English Corpora Distributable Under Open Source License
Distances and weights in semantic space
Current prospective efforts in the decipherment of ancient scripts
I am working on a sentiment analysis project. I am looking for user text messages on which I would be doing my analysis
Open source probabilistic dialogue state tracker
Are all complex words polymorphemic?
Does this sentence analyzed correctly through Tree Diagram?
Tips for pronouncing sounds that does not exist in the student's mother thongue
Origin of Buchowski's paradox
Are there terms for this class of word pair, or terms for the contrasting members of the pairs?
Sound correspondences in Germanic languages
How stable are grammatical genders?
Prounciation of Ypres... in all six languages?
What are the differences between theoretical perspectives of the uses of the term "register"?
Why are Adjuncts called 'Adverbial Clauses'?
Why is a nominalisation called "grammatical metaphor" in SFL
What do you understand by the term 'register'?
Is there a term for "lexeme-describing grammatical feature"?
How are Tone and Intonation languages different acoustically?
Corpus for anaphora resolution
Is there an English to Coptic translator online?
Are these spellings the same?
Difference of N-grams and probabilities
Why do languages have gendered nouns?
How to Transcribe R-colored Vowels (ɝ, ɚ, ɑ˞,ɔ˞) in X-SAMPA?
Do any language lack a present tense different from that used in Indoeuropean languages?
"Have in view" - origin
Is it realistic for the Grounders' language as depicted in "The 100" to have developed within 97 years?
How did 'arithmetic' come to current pronunciation (or spelling)?
How do distinctive features work?
What does it mean for a verb to be stative, really?
How was De Saussure's Langue and Parole different from Chomsky's Competence and Performance?
what is the difference between ind. and indecl. in Sanskrit?
What's a good source to say if a word is masculine or feminine in Sanskrit?
creaky voice unicode character tilde below with vowels
an open source lexicographical framework
If we disregard future tense for English, under which circumstances we could not?
Are Articles('a','an','the') bound morphemes?
Can training a Part-of-Speech tagger and parser at the same time improve parsing results?
Is v-spec Specific for agent? If so, How to Solve This Problem?
Russian "crude" translation into English for Theatre Purpose
Does Japanese have as many English-derived words as English has French-derived words?
Reading a word wrong, but reading it correctly after trying again
Is it rare for a language to contain both heterographs and heteronyms?
Different types of verbs
Paper request: study that correlates distinctive features with neuronal activation
what are natural classes and how are they classified?
What program can I use to make a tree of a language family?
Generating Essay (Set of correlated sentenses) from a set of keywords
Conjugation of the word प्रकटयमास
The etymology of Sanskrit jāla 'web'
What is the subject of the sentence?
Comprehensive list of NER labeling schemes with pros/cons
How are the ideas from the paper "Modelling Linguistic Expressions Using Fuzzy Relations" currently used in Computational Linguistics/NLP?
Are all morphemes meaningful?
How do they know how to translate Old English?
Incomplete sentences
Examples of small, minimalistic natural languages?
Does the Slavic word rā́dъ have cognates in Indo-iranian?
'treatment of the issues' and 'sensitivity to the problems': Why cannot these be Noun Phrases?
How is Manually Coded English (MCE) different from American Sign Language (ASL)
Is there a structured list of language families using ISO language codes?
How difficult is grammar induction/sentence generation?
Dictionary used by WordNet for word senses
Weekday Abbreviations in multiple languages
About allomorphs of morphemes
Could there be such a thing as a universal logical language?
What is the difference between Semantics and Pragmatics?
Is the {-ing} of the gerund a verbal inflectional suffix?
Why Germanic languages are not generally as soft as other Indo-European languages?
Reference on corpus annotation schemes
Drawing a phrasal constituent tree for a specific sentence
Complex Sentence
How verb tenses evolve
Anticausative/unaccusative verbs - a way to express causer of the event
The function of prepositional phrases
Is there any language in which the gender of the subject/object is marked in every verb conjugation?
Where can I find a translation for romanized (english texted) sanskrit into english?
Is there a term for words which falsely appear to be related etymologically?
Just a stupid question about possible connection between Finno-Ugric and European languages
Criminal Text Corpora
Languages with capitalization inside or at the end of certain words
Were there any Celtic Languages being spoken in the early years of Rome?
How effective is linguistics at tracking trade routes?
Can Old Church Slavonic be considered an artificial language?
What is the cause of difference between British and American pronunciation?
What motivated the terms 'ergative' and 'absolutive'?
Why does ISO 639-3 have many language codes for Arabic but only one for English?
What tokenization scheme was used for the conll-X arabic corpus?
The Correct Research Methodology To Substantiate If an Expression is an Idiom?
Entailment relationship?
Finding specific syntactic combinations in a tagged text (Python, TreeTagger)
Which modern languages have more than two grammatical categories for numbers?
How do languages other than English form lists of words?
What is syntagmatic axis?
How do they separate phones' length?
context-free grammar
Why not structurally distinguish a predicative complement from an object in a tree diagram?
What's the explanatory value of Metrical Trees?
Differences in collective nouns and agreement between Ame and BrE
How can PSG describe the vertical dimension of sentence structure?
How can we support that two words with different meanings are cognate?
alternatives to flex and bison
Scope ambiguity resolution
Help with palatalisation and syllabification
Where did the homonyms which retain meaning among languages come from?
Sources on average retention rate of language based on time
CGEL's argument on the constituent structure of certain sentences that involve 'as well as'
What motivated the term 'oblique'?
Computational production of diphthongs
Are modal verbs lexical or grammatical categories?
Is there a Python lib to calculate HTER?
Does this name's pronunciation match the spelling?
Words that translate to valid words in the source language
Is there a LaTeX package for Proto-Indo-European laryngeals?
What is the phonetic reason for the occurence Sun and Moon letters in Arabic?
Convert a non projective dependency tree to a projective one
What are different types of signs?
Abstract analysis
Where does the spelling <ea> and <ee> in English come from?
Do any other languages have an equivalent to the hiragana and katakana alphabets?
Does Swedish always had common and neuter genders?
Conditional IF vs. non-conditional IF
"The bat broke the window" - double meaning in The Stuff of Thought
The Minimalist Program and Features
English stress, abstract analysis
Generalisation of Grimm's Law?
Why is the following sentence ungrammatical?
Phonemic Transcription Ambiguity?
Why are raccoons called "washbears" in many languages?
Conversational Implicature vs. Ambiguity
Is the sentence "His only sibing is John's brother " violating Principle C of Binding Theory?
Isolated language as null hypotheses?
Truth-neutral, truth-indifferent, & truth-committed verbs?
Are Tamil and Malayalam mutually intelligible?
How to get data for ACADEMIC + SPOKEN (Academic speech) simultaneously using BNC?
Worldwide map or data for linguistic distance?
Do people still study Frame Semantics?
Ambiguity, PCFG grammar
How strong was the r/l distinction in Proto-Afro-Asiatic?
What is the difference between "Linguistic distance" and "Lexical distance"?
What is the difference between implicature and entailment?
What is the origin of declension/conjugation classes?
Finnish data, Consonant Gradatition
How to build a neural network dependency parser with a dynamic oracle?
Could anyone tell me if these syntax trees are correct?
What is the inflexive Indo-European language that has least fusions?
How do illiterate French people learn which pronunciation to use in different sentences?
Brythonic w-y? Place name etymology
On the Predicate Internal Subject Hypothesis and DP Predicates
Voiced obstruents (and sonority in general)
Is the Indian female name "Sati" the same as the self-immolating Hindu goddess?
What is a "nucleus" in syntax?
How can a remark not refer to the speaker's attitude?
Where can I find old dictionaries?
Why "Monotonicity" Hypothesis? (Koontz-Garboden)
Parts-of-speech tagging and finding relevant phrases in documents
What underlying semantic notions connect 'less' to 'not'?
Is there any alternative sentence/questions generator tools available for input pharse/keyword
Do Germanic words have Romance qualities and vice-versa?
Do the words "angst" and "anxiety" share a common root?
Syntax trees: Why CP and VP sometimes have only 1 node and sometimes 2 under them?
What can be said about the evolution of syllable stress in related languages?
"I should have bought a present. Susie did": is this an example of anaphora?
How and when do French children learn to select between masculine and feminine forms of words when referring to themselves?
Noun adjuncts (attributive nouns) in the x-bar scheme
How are dead languages reconstructed?
Is there any rule in recursion?
I need help identifying this language
What is the process to form nouns from Phoenician verbs?
Which book is rigorous in explaining the evolution of language?
What is some standard analysis for "Look me in the eye"
Did 'the' in 'the which' mean anything?
Movement and Spell-Out of Heads
What part of speech is "quiet" in "And quiet flows the Don"?
I am building a chatbot and I need corpora
Can “to” ever be a Prep or a Particle before “be”
Tenses/Voices that show whether something is finite or not
Diagnostic for Finiteness
Looking for a list of English words that are morphologically similar, semantically different?
Why did French survive in Canada while being far from France, while other languages didn't (Arabic in Malta, Dutch in South Africa)
Clause analysis for causative verbs
OpenNLP - Is training still required for abbreviation even with abbreviation dictionary?
Why does French use “be” as the auxiliary for a few verbs?
What are good (state of the art?) methods for automatic grammar correction?
"I don't know if they escaped" / "If they escaped, they're long gone" - Conditional protases and interrogative clauses
Developing complex grammar out of simple
Ambiguity tree: The doctor visited the patient drunk
Position of negation in an english sentence
Human Vocal Tract: possibilities and impossibilities
DS for a question starting with "Didn't"?
What is the origin of the Icelandic Ð, ð, eth?
What is this sound that can be heard in Swedish?
How many vowels and how many consonants did the Proto-Indo-European Language have?
Finding the corresponding noun given an adjective
Phonology - elements and features
The semantical change of сарай - "saráj" (rus., ukr.) vs. sister and donor languages: pl. 'seraj', srb-cro. 'saraj'
Arabic sin and shin sounds in Classical times
Why was the prefix 'anti-' chosen for the terms 'antipassive' and 'anticausative'?
How does 'Theme/Patient' differ from 'Experiencer'?
What do the 'Perfect' and 'Perfective' Aspects share or have in common?
Overt prestige and covert prestige vs convergence and divergence
Do Word Formation Rules have to do only with polymorphemic words?
Languages where numbers are read out in a mixed-up fashion
Where can I find a vowel analyzer app or program?
Are there any languages besides Korean where vowel harmony is used semantically?
Are there names for the individual diphthongs?
Why are there many different ways to pronounce a phoneme?
How are brothers and sisters not KINDS of siblings?
Named Entity Recognition on Upper Case Text
Dataset of special noun phrases
Standard Deviation Of Fundamental Frequency Of Males and Females
Who was the first to call noun classes "genders"?
Is there a programmatically accessible/structured (JSON, XML, etc) dictionary that includes IPA
Syntax: VP subject internal null V head from Carnie's book
Is it harder for a student to express himself/herself originally in a logographic language?
Are There Ancient Greek Words Descended From Sumerian?
Why do some German words have 'th' instead of 't' in their older spelling?
Lexical Distance, is there a table?
Are all grammar formalisms either dependency or constituency grammars?
Why doesn't English have contracted forms for past tense verbs?
Is "focus on verbs" a well-known aphorism in linguistics?
In what language was this following scripture written? What does it mean?
How to learn computer syllabification of IPA?
Pitch-Accent languages like Ancient Greek sometimes acquire a dynamic component. Any papers on this change?
What does the text on this building say?
How does flexible and context-dependent Categorisation not imply fuzzy Category Boundaries?
Is there a difference between the terms `plosive` and `stop`?
Do "shew" and "eschew" come from the same root?
Are there any publicly available spell checking corpora?
Is the Schwa in English rounded or unrounded?
Are there minimal pairs between normal length and long vowels in English?
Why does not 'the x dislikes the y and the y is a fox' = 'the x dislikes the fox'?
For arbitrary x: 'Predicate Constant'(x) vs ∃x ( 'Predicate Constant'(x) )
Why did the 'ie' survive through the many German orthography reforms?
Restrictions on Wh-movement
Subdivision of Implicatures and Distinction between Semantics and Pragmatics
What decides the language family of a language the most structure/grammar or the vocabulary?
Is there a list of which of the diphthongs in the English language are wide and which are narrow available?
Balto-Slavic Infinitive and PIE 3rd p., sg, present endings
Declension of the word "water" (maim) in Hebrew?
Participle of empty verbs in ancient Hebrew
Thai alphabet romanizations?
Is the writing system lineage of Indus script known?
Is there any difference between IPA ‘ and ʰ?
Thai pronunciation symbols and rules on IPA
Japanese ji versus dji and zu versus dzu (pronunciation and keyboard input issue)
List of English words with usage samples
Is the Philippine corpus known as Palito still available for download online?
Why does IAST exist when IPA is there?
How to Create A Termbase without Creating Project in MemoQ?
Syntactic status of 'than'
Why are the Dutch called "belanda" in Malay and Indonesian?
Grammatical case for provenience
Recording of nonsyllabic voiceless schwa?
Can a vowel be a consonant?
What are the restrictions on the use of "unless"?
Filipino versus Tagalog
Different meanings of going
Is there a language in which the verb "to ask" can be followed by a dative case?
Are there languages with more cases than Latin?
How did West Germanic languages evolve?
Must subjectless infinitives exhibit subject control when used as complements(traditionally direct objects) of other verbs?
French corpus with frequency list of POS tagged words (not lemmas)
Is there a featural equivalent of the International Phonetic Alphabet?
Is there a language that begins range expressions with the higher/later datum?
Copulas and theta roles
Languages with only a gender-neutral word for aunt/uncle
Nouns without an article as in e.g. "Empire is not always a good thing"
How do people learn a totally foreign language that has not been studied at all?
Is there a relationship between Arabic ka'b and Greek kybos?
Can we use several independent clauses to express an idea of conditional without too much limitation?
Languages that have morphological distinction between independent clauses with implicit subjects and independent clauses with explicit subjects?
Do Scandinavian languages have liaisons?
Lots of quick phonetic questions for General American English
Can Ernie's laughter be classified phonetically?
Elision in "Good point" --> / gʊ pɔɪnt/ or not?
"used to" for past habitual: analysis
Are "oivai " and "always" related?
Topicalization of a VP in German
Name of rule for whether compounds should be written with a space or not
List of Spaced Named Entities for English
Origin of née in English speaking countries and the rise in usage of it
Are there any languages in which 'knowledge' is not a mass noun?
"Two tier" theoretical epistemic modality
Difference between dislocation, shifting, inversion, discontinuity, topicalization, scrambling
How Do Native South Americans Pronounce Quinoa?
Which language has the most types of irrealis moods?
What is the difference between Travis' head movement constraint and Rizzi's relativized minimality?
Question about usage of Swedish words "som" and "vem"
Are there languages which require aspiration for some stops?
Why is "then" deictic?
Spoken Language Dataset of L2 Acquisition
Is https://www.babelfish.com/success/ a rule-based engine?
Any languages without the following list of consonants?
Analytic grammar and characters in Chinese
Derivation of "glitzy" -- does it have Yiddish roots?
Experiment of creating an artificial language by cycles of memorizing errors
Where can I find auditory records of Chinese Mandarin within 1930-1970?
What is the name for the phenomenon or process by which the brain knows what "it" in a sentence refers to?
Is there a language in which the present tense expresses only present time reference?
What are the practical implications of Ludwig Wittgenstein's theories in the field of linguistics?
British Sign Language symbol identification
Sibling in other European languages
Looking for time adverbs & frequency adverbs lists in english
Assimilation Help
Is the word the name of a person or an adjective?
Expressions derived from Italian mafia
Who is corpus annotator
Donkey and Monkey: why has the pronunciation of donkey changed? (Distinctive features?)
Why are "economics" and "economist" stressed on different syllables while both of them have the same number of syllables?
Sound files for Lithuanian pitch accent distinctions?
Giving grammar without useless symbols / ε-productions
Turkish: the -DIK participles and an information loss
what language Chinese or Japanese?
the difference between upward and downward entailment
Having trouble with assigning stress degrees to a long compound
What would you call a case specifying something is far away from a noun?
Similar words in different languages with different meanings
The sound "ka" or "cha" or "kha" means what ? e.g Khaalesi,Khan,Chan,Kaan
Term for modifying a word to create its opposite connotation
always | never | "all the time" - what kind of words are these?
What motivated the term 'Recursion'?
Estimating the size of training data for grammer extraction
Are there languages with no first person?
How fast do people lose their accents and regain them?
Vowel Shift and Affixes
"Ought" omission of "to"
Could we rank languages, saying one is superior to the other?
What do you call a failed attempt to use the "standard" speech?
What do you call a verb that requires another verb?
comparative study of spoken language complexity or irregularity
What part of speech is "as their native"?
Freely available corpus of recorded dialogues
What type of modality is "You must not fear"?
Why must an AdvP have at least one AdvP as a Daughter Node?
Why are some Word Classes not Immediately Dominated by a Phrasal Category?
How is there 'no node that c-commands B that A also c-commands'?
Origin of the term "iminutive"
How and when did some European languages acquire retroflex d and t?
Does the Perfect in addition to its perfect meaning also denotes perfective / imperfective / either meaning (in English and Spanish)?
NER model training question
Why do most languages have multiple genders? Also, how do languages determine what gender to give things?
Analyzing negation with a syntactic tree
Why does German require extra commas that may be considered useless by speakers of other languages?
Italian: is there an authoritative word frequency list?
do migrating letters happen often in languages?
To be or not to be - you got to be somewhere to be something or you are where you are?
Does capitalizing nouns improve readability?
What parts of speech can ‹only› be in English?
Can we predict written language's evolution due to technological advances?
Calculating a matrix of term co-occurrences, including with themselves, within a window
Do different languages use different sign language?
Publication venues focusing on reproducing results
Semantic roles of "tell"
Potential gaps in the pIE phonological system?
Are there languages with the three-fold articulation place contrast dental–alveolar–retroflex?
Why did "exempli gratia" (e.g.) and "id est" (i.e.) become widespread in English, but not in other languages?
Parsing a frequently used phrase as a word: Is there a name for that?
How close is Ancient Greek to English or French or Spanish?
Are there any good individualistic measures of linguistic conservatism?
Has a Dravido-Australic superfamily been proposed?
History of "have", "avoir", "haben", etc. as auxiliary
train a language model with google ngrams
Why does English use different prepositions for different units of time?
How unusual is the English J sound?
Do difficult native languages slow down early education?
zh sound with a flat tongue?
Determining the Age of a Word
What spirantization of t is most common?
When were empty constituents introduced into linguistics?
How to identify a foreign language from handwriting?
Analyses of English word formation processes?
"Sei" in German mathematical texts
What factors influence the way we adapt loanwords into English?
How is it true that only 1 complement is possible?
Why cannot the Intermediate Structure be again XP, instead of X'?
In Swedish, how did the third person plural pronoun de come to be pronounced /dɔm/?
Why is the Romanian syntax for "Good night!" opposite to all the other Romance languages?
Open corpora for modern English
How to add a spectrogram to a paper
Given two languages, one older than the other, what are the criteria to decide if the older one is an ancestor or an older variety of the other?
English verbs with more than one past tense
Greek-Gothic Weekday Names in Bavarian
Name of the act of borrowing linguistic concepts from different languages
Has English caused any Languages to undergo Sound Change or Grammar Change?
Besides logics, what mathematical tools are used in the study of linguistics?
How is category theory applied in linguistics?
Do English and French share the same international phonetic symbol?
What is this 'OBL'?
How a portmanteau of God's name would be formed
Do languages still invent absolutely new single words, or is coining done around pre existing words?
How are the meanings of words determined?
Is case of PRO always the same as its controller?
What is the proper term for a set of words and expressions?
The usage frequency of individual English words
Matching Textgrid transcript to sound in Praat
An analogy to understand phonetics and phonology
/s/ or /z/ in ending of [long vowel] + "se" or "s"
word relatedness, defining character of a word
Why is the word "God" plural in some languages?
Best phonetic/ phonology resource for learning accents?
how the word "car" is related with the word "driver"
Are there languages with simple morphology and free word order?
What is the etymology of "adventus?"
What are "hard" and "soft" consonants?
Is there a name for verbs that describe regular activities?
collection of derivative nouns
The soft Spanish "t" (other languages are available)
quantifiers adjoining a verb phrase?
When did the concept of constituent movement arise?
Which nodes are meant by 'the specifier of a null active V' and 'this VP'?
History of Danish "nd" and "ld"
What are languages spoken in only one country called?
Is there any comprehensive list of all the possible syntactic combinations of English sentences?
How do I distinguish between traits and states using NLP?
As of July 2016, is there any new improved research on predicting French grammatical gender?
Name of phenomenon of wrong segmentation
Why is the word "Puyallup" difficult for most English speakers to pronounce?
How to distinguish a polysynthetic language from other languages? When is something a word?
Semantic predicate-argument relations reflected in syntax
Is there a name for this idea relating to word abstractness/complexity based on dictionary definition self-reference?
What are some good books/MOOCs in field of computational semantic analysis?
Are native speakers familiar with such things from young age?
What is the problem 'if our requirement says that the only thing that isn’t a phrase in an NP is the N itself' ?
Why were words for the four cardinal directions in Romance languages borrowed from Old English?
How to identify context independent (self-consistent) sentences?
Where to find/purchase an offline (downloadable) Arabic corpus
Can we conclude that morpheme is ALWAYS greater than syllable?
How many phonetic symbols are in total languages?
How to figure out how a language may force one to think
Why cannot the verb 'consider' theta-mark 'Frederick' as the Theme?
Where does the reported number of native speakers in Ethnologue come from?
Romance languages - "to mean" as "to want to say"
Latin to French - evolution of certain forms of "FACERE > faire"
Past participle agreement in French
N vs L in South Asian Languages
How do language differences develop?
Historical development of English pronunciation(s) of "hygiene"
Are there any languages with minimal distinctions between the noun and verb categories?
Etymological development of forms of Spanish "seguir" from Latin "SEQVI" (*sequire)
Financial Slang and NLP for Sentiment Analysis
Is it possible to write complex sentence without subordinate (or dependent) clause?
How to determine who is the author of a message in the nps_chat corpora?
When transliterating into the Latin alphabet, what does an apostrophe mean?
Why is the adjective usually before the noun?
Sign languages of non-mute people
Which modern day dialect of Aramaic is the closest one to the dialect that Jesus of Nazareth spoke in Palestine some 2000 years ago?
What are languages whose name contains the word for "language"?
Corpus for Asian American Accents?
Phonological development of Middle Chinese 學 /hæwk/ to Mandarin xue /ɕye/
Diacriticless Pinyin (for Chinese or other languages)
Does an abugida without inherent vowels qualify as an alphabet or an alphasyllabary?
Are there any languages where numbers have cases?
How "fluent" do professional classicists get in reading Latin and Greek? How do they do it?
Research on SLA for "Reading Only"
What is different about Pacific Northwest English, other than vowels?
Plotting Points on an IPA Chart
Thaqovelith: Is this language extinct?
Proposed binary divisions of Proto-Indo-European
transliterate from IPA to Roman alphabet
Perceptual salience of two consecutive syllables
Why do we need erudite langage?
Looking for an alternative non-tonal "wholistic" original Pinyin font
Gemination in Sanskrit and Pali
Comparative Methodology
What is the etymology of ypologistís (Greek, computer)?
Become fluent in a language without study it
Do all pro-forms need to have antecedents?
Using (e.g.) Stanford NLP for retrieving specific “indirect” objects
Can a new alphabet be created and added to the English language?
To what extent can Japanese Kana be adapted to the Spanish language and be intelligible?
How does the grammar and phonology of a language affect poetry in this language?
Why do native English speakers analyze "a lot" as one word?
What is the phonetic difference between "White House" and "white house"?
Question about Michael Silverstein and Linguistics Ideology
Resources to switch between alphabets
How can listeners perceive male f0 on the telephone
Pitch movements in English
Tongue position issues in the American bunched r sound
ə after vowels and dipthongs and pronunciation of æ
About Subjunctive/Konjunctive
Collocations frequency dictionary of English
From an evolutionary (language) standpoint, of what use are homonyms?
How is stress marked in IPA?
Sound between "i" and "y" in IPA Vowel chart
How and why did so many French letters become silent?
Is there a meaning difference between "each" and "every" as NP modifier?
How common is onomatopoeia in English?
What is the name for the phenomenon of verb phrase being an argument of a predicate
Approaching the topic of transformational grammar
Split a sentence using nltk and python
What's the relationship between lexical change and word-formation?
Fronting of /u/ from Latin to French
Rare diphthongs
Ending a word in a stressed "h"
What kind of factors will determine the random tribe's language in the sense of morphological typology?
What is the linguistic term for the type of sentence whose predicate is a complete sentence with a subject and a verb?
Are the cognates of PIE roots in this paper reliable?
Syntactic Analysis of Spoken data,
Why were some letters missing in Latin?
Have Latin and Romance languages evolved from vowel to consonant variety?
How does an English-speaking child learn that "learned" implies success while "studied" doesn't?
What is the reason for some languages have non-linear word order for numbers?
What is a "vertical scale" in a discussion of intonation contours?
Is there a definition of "sentence" that applies to all languages?
Musical notation in languages with right-to-left writing
How similar are Polish and Slovenian?
Is there a strict set of rules retrieving syllables from Greek text?
Why is the utterance and intonational phrase "post-lexical"?
How many established writing systems existed through history?
Where can I find a list of English words that contain a rare combination of phonemes
Automated wh movement for turning an answer into the form of a question
How are voiced and voiceless consonants distinguished while whispering?
Attempts at distributed deciphering of Linear A
Analysing the notion of the native speaker
Do languages ever get new cases?
Merging phonetics and phonology
What is the nature of the voiceless velar fricative, [x], in Polish?
What do you call a specific combination of grammatical categories?
What exactly is the "German Language"
Does it belong to the same or a separate sentence when adding some more words after the sentence was actually finished?
Does English have [ inchoative aspect ]?
Can the voiceless velar fricative, [x], be represented in Japanese?
Why does French "cheveu(x)" have "eu" and not "eau"?
What do we call the process of creating all of the possible morphological extractions of a given word?
how similar are Serbian and Polish?
Is vowel harmony prosodic, suprasegmental, or both?
Praat: CPP from modified .Manipulation file
Prosodic vs Metrical vs Autosegmental accounts of suprasegmental phenomena
What does "generative" mean? Can a linguistic theory be non-generative?
The Inflectional Phrase and Welsh
When does the voiceless velar fricative, [x], undergo voicing?
What are the main differences between machine learning and classic approaches to natural language processing problems?
In what tonal language is tone uncontroversially suprasegmental and not segmental?
Program or website for transcribing Old and Middle Persian
What type of trilled R shows up in Thai?
Are there right-branching agglutinative languages?
Support vector machines for stress prediction
A language that was a creole/pidgin long ago
OCR program for IPA?
Is there a term for the class of words that are not onomatopoeia / sound symbolic
Is it accurate to claim that autosegmental phonology is a theory of suprasegmental prosodic phenomena?
X Bar Phrase Structure Question
Have words for numbers changed since the introduction of public schools?
Proform Function
Languages with a grammatical distinction between abstract and concrete nouns
Transcriptions of Mandarin Chinese into writing systems other than Latin, Arabic and Cyrillic?
How should "at some time" be tagged in Universal Dependencies framework?
Month names variants
What were the broad meanings of the various (nominal) declination classes in proto-IE?
What will form a minimum yet complete set of verbs that can define any action?
How do you determine phonetic similarity between sets of words?
Looking for a graphic illustration of the phonetic and phonology interface
Process or action?
What is the "headedness" of Germanic noun phrases?
wals info values 125 126 127 128
Adverbs as NP pre-modifiers
Why did McCarthy reintroduce the segment as a unit of analysis in CV phonology?
Are there languages in which "coffee" is not a cognate of a root containing k/q and f/h/w?
Creating Unicode Characters for new language
What are the standard/best arguments against Construction Grammar?
Why are the first three digits in Austronesian languages so close to P.I.E.?
Transcribing German written text to computer readable phonetic alphabet
Difference between [i] and [j] or [u] and [w]
Saving edited text grids with Praat script
What is the difference between sibilant sounds in Polish? (ć,ś,dź,ź vs cz,sz,dż,ż,rz)
L2 acquisition as a factor in loss of "complex" grammatical features
How did Goldsmith account for phenomena otherwise explicable with the OCP?
Good 10 second explanation of computational linguistics
The benefits of studying a second language with word-by-word translations in one's mother tongue
Is there a term for "language community"?
Is it possible to detect onomatopoeic basis in indigenous languages?
Term for nouns strung together by conjunctions
Examples of isomorphism in linguistics?
Phonetic/ phonological description of 2nd gen Chinese accent
In what respect are feature matrices distinct from segments?
Consonant gemination and stress patterns
Orthography in different languages
Can one tell interdental n, l, from alveolar n, l, by hearing?
Do auxiliary verbs always express different aspect/mood/tense?
Are there objectively measurable features which make humans perceive a language, by itself, as awe-inspiring and worth of renown?
Value-attribute pairs in feature matrices: Why are they a logical necessity (Within this approach)?
Is there a resource for English relational nouns
Etymology of the Turkish word for copper (bakır)
"Please to be <VERB>ing" in Indian english
Sounds that humans make with their mouths
Diacritics and Ashanti/Twi alphabet?
Are there any freely available tools for English Native Language Identification?
How are Automatic Alternations the synchronic, not diachronic, consequence of phonetically-motivated diachronic sound changes?
How can a human have such brilliant memory for vocabulary?
Course in advanced syntax (generative grammar)
Why does Polish use "w" instead of "v"?
Egyptian Arabic to IPA conversion?
Extracting adjective phrase from a sentence
Part of Speech in English
Why do languages use different symbols (. or ,) as the thousands separator?
Reverse-etymology resources
How would a trained linguist describe this hypothesis of Symbolic Leverage
Phonetics - English Pronunciation of Vowels Corpus
Where can I find a list of German nouns with their articles?
Are feature matrices ordered within a word?
Idioms in Sign Languages
In English, noun phrases within a relative clause cannot be further relativized, but this is allowed in some cases in Japanese
What's the difference (if any) between Leben's feature matrix and the feature matrices comprised of "diacritic features"?
What is the essence of the dispute between Wolfe and Chomsky?
How would someone begin translating an unknown language?
Simple bigram letter model
American English : are [ə] and [ʌ] different phonemes? (schwa vs. chevron)
Tone Languages and distinguishing meaning
Which noun phrases within relative clauses can be [further relativized]?
What is meant by "gestural score" in Autosegmental Phonology?
My friend suddenly speaks an unknown language after sleep. Need help with recognition
How to find amplitude values on each time unit in a sound file
Mapping Minipar dependencies to Stanford Parser dependencies
Distribution of the set of meanings of a given word, in a corpus
Add-1 laplace smoothing for bigram implementation8
How many Arabic(-derived) alphabets exist?
Why is the Arabic alif maksura sometimes read as a ya
Languages with alphabets sharing the same basic shapes as Arabic
Text to Speech Systems for Arabic
Can linguistics be proven?
How do you distinguish complements/adjuncts?
Why is r not a glide?
What is the difference between a conjunction and a preposition?
Is Brugmann's Law controversial?
Swahili stress with two vowels in a row, how does it work?
Alemaña/Almanya/ألمانيا etymology
Understanding implicit arguments
American English speakers needing subtitles more often
How to identify the English \t\ consonant in sound recordings?
Is there a negative correlation between the number of speakers of a language and its morphological richness?
What is the term for when a word can not be translated directly?
Production and dialectology of Dutch /s/
Do Chinese minorities speak Chinese as a native language?
Do two deaf persons from different countries understand each other?
Corpus Linguistics: Is it possible to add a tag for "sentence ending"?
simultaneous bilingualism
s / h change in Indo-European languages
Reference and modality - T. Givon (2001), Syntax
Are there literate speech communities for Sign Languages?
Moving past a simplistic conceptualization of linguistic units
Does "slept" as in "had sex" have a PP argument?
Syntactic vs Morphological features for generation of English VGs
How to read Spectrograms using Praat Script
Is there any standard way to sort phonemes?
Help with constituency?
Is [ǀ], or ⟨tsk!⟩ a word in English?
What does every verb have in common?
Why do some alphabets have special final forms for some letters?
Technical term for "stacked Arabic script"?
How are the three phonetically distinct Arabic h's transcribed in English?
How to transliterate the following Arabic letters in English
What explanatory value does a prosodic word have?
Is the English "because (noun)" an instance of grammaticalization?
Why in English can't two NPs in a relative clause be relativized?
What is "always" constituent of?
How are prosodic phenomena represented in the phonological hierarchy?
Term for consonant elision
Can anyone recommend me some book on semitic linguistics?
They made him cry? Complement
How to detect verb in a sentence where the verb is invisible in the sentence?
Lexical similarity among languages used in Southeast Asia
Pro-drop and V2
When analyzing a set of corpora, are there any standard practices with regard to the classification of gerunds?
Types of adjuncts - What can be adjoined to what and why?
English centering diphthongs - a myth?
Can framing lang acquisition as nature vs nurture be harmful?
How is the second touch of “DEAF” written in Stokoe notation?
Which of 可爱/可愛い was exported to the other between Chinese and Japanese?
Which language among South East Asia has the most and least loanwords from English?
What is it called when one "conjugates" adjectives?
Searching the word occurance in coca (corpus of contemporary American English) including meaning
Do Urdu Numerals belong to the Persian Script?
Why are some scripts' names derived from their first few characters?
What are the features of English diphthongs?
What is the difference between "می‌گفت" and "میگفت"?
Are there any existing guidelines for romanizing Aynu Itak?
Universal/commonsense knowledge bases (OpenCog, OpenCyc) for representation of meaning in natural language processing (computational linguistics)
Lack of umlaut in Standard Dutch Plurals
How to convert masculine Old Norse dwarf names to feminine markers?
What numeral system is on this Hyderabad banknote?
Phrases such as "Jackie stole John's heart"
How to apply Remove Noise filter in Praat Script?
Praat shows Chinese characters as blocks?
Can't hear difference between /j/ and /ʎ/
Where does the * sign of ungrammaticality come from?
In old Greek did γγ ever replace κκ in the way Attic uses ττ for Ionic σσ?
Is there any CNF grammar available for English which can be downloaded directly?
What do (...) brackets mean in phonetic spelling?
Where do Latin and Greek words come from?
Network of Phonological Relationships
What is the definition of "rare language"?
cut middle portion of the vowel using praat script
Are the Irish laws written in the Irish language?
Usage of pluperfect in English to talk about metaphysical possibility in the present
Formal Semantics - Set theory/Proofing (Not sure how to go around it)
Do the IPA consonants /v/ and /w/ sound similar?
Would I be considered a native English speaker?
Do sign languages have "accents" like verbal languages?
scansion of iambic trimeter in fragment of Euripides
When did the /θ/ sound die out in the continental Germanic languages?
Are Rhyming, Alliterative Verse etc. forms of linguistic Error Detection/Correction Schemes?
Which linguists from the 1940s–1970s believed that language comprised two distinct parts, “lexis” and “grammar”?
Replacement of the letters in Japanese while compounding words
What are the differences between palatal consonant and palatalized consonant?
How to determine when an additional X-bar or XP can be used
Where to start with deciphering this language?
Not affected by Grimm's Law?
German (-stell-) and Slavic (-stav-) languages: who was first?
Drawing labels on a Praat Sound plot
Is the Logical meaning of 'only if' produced by the Adverb 'only' (that widens the Complementiser 'if')?
Why do 'n' and 'm' look so similar?
Umlaut in Gothic
Praat Script: How to Reverse Selected Sound File?
What's the difference between metonymy, meronymy, meronomy and mereology?
Relative Language Distances
Can word stress always been seen in the signal as increased f0?
Interesting exemplary cases where natural/political boundaries have led to language divergence
When did the Celtic languages die out in Spain?
Why are there such things as 'time adverbs'?
Difference between Type 0 and Type 1 in the Chomsky hierarchy
Do any languages use {woman} as the root for human?
How to (automatically ) detect the steady-part of vowels?
Corpus Linguistics: How do I compare date from two corpora correctly?
Do speakers with heavy accents find it easier to understand their own accent than a more standard accent?
Is there a study of contemporary changes in V+preposition constructions
Difference between particle and adverb in English
Term for universally-used quote with additional, non-compositional meaning
When do English speakers add /əs/ in the end of a word ending in /əs/?
Do there exist languages with wh-prepositions?
What is a good way to handle contractions and possessive apostrophes when doing topic modeling?
West Germanic Th-Stopping
How did 'less than' shift semantically to mean 'not'?
How to deal with "it's" when using Miller Newman Friedman list in a corpus?
Is there a general term for certain words or phrases that are socially acceptable for some groups to say, but not others?
Principles and Parameters: projectionist?
What is a "level" of grammar?
Difference between semantic selection and WSD?
Was 1 considered a number under older meanings of number?
Is the study of proper names really a branch of linguistics?
Where did the Greek word diaballein got it's meaning from accusing and divide from?
Use of "Ibn" in Arabic names
Symbol or abbreviation for a particle?
find if a terms appears in specific pdf sections
Term for borrowing an inflected form as an uninflected form
X-bar theory without movement
(PIE) déḱm̥ vs déḱm̥t (ten)
Are numeric notations independent of the languages spoken by their creators?
Why did English evolve to have so little inflection?
What is the etymology of Tibetan ཁང་ [khang]?
How can I calculate if the difference between two word frequencies in one corpus is significant?
Where to attach 'of too much cholesterol' while drawing the syntax tree (x-bar theory)
In the context of proper nouns, are there any examples in French where they are used as appellatives?
Representing tone in feature matrices
Speech rate measured in bit/sec
Can "lexical development" and "vocabulary development" be used interchangeably?
Computational model of dependency parsing
What is the opposite of a silent letter?
What's a simple example of natural classes of tone contours?
Difference between languages related a long time ago and unrelated ones
Declensions in Polish
Alignment in \oneof from the phonrule package
On what evidence are structured feature representations posited?
Which one is head noun?
What is the explanatory value of moras: why do we need syllable weight?
Do nonfinite (adverbial) adjunct clauses have to be controlled?
'Before'/'after' as a spatial metaphor: is the opposite possible?
Find head noun, "he himself"
Reciprocal Pronouns (one another, each other) and Head Noun
How to correctly recognize a calque?
Can an indefinite article trigger a presupposition?
Spanish Stem Change
Governors of adjectives in dependency grammars
Obtaining the stem of a word
What is motivatedness?
How should I form grammatical cases in my conlang?
French Auxiliary Selection. Theoretical explanations?
Language that uses IPA
Why is Korean considered a language isolate?
What would be included when asked to point out which nodes are immediatly contained in a syntactic tree?
Is there an alphabet containing exactly 25 letters?
What should the root of a syntax tree be labelled with?
Semantics Intermediate Language for processing concepts and/or semantics
Languages lacking detailed words for taste
What is the difference between 'actor' and 'subject' in systemic functional grammar?
a question about grammar and syntax
Replacing Chinese characters with pinyin forever as Vietnamese did
Noun Phrase "they both"
Why does Vietnamese language seem to be so similar to Mandarin Chinese
What part of speech is 'echoes' when not a noun plural?
Possessive pronoun position in north germanic languages
Labialisation and palatisation in IPA: one consonant or two phones?
Get "part of speech" for a Spanish word
Word for splitting of 1 language into 2?
Pronunciation of ѧ and я in Old Novgorodian
Idiomatic modifiers that have completely different impact on the same word
Any free, good and extensive word lists for languages other than English?
Is the Polish preposition w a clitic?
Is there a term for being able to say out loud a language but not understand it?
Base case of the outside term of Inside-outside algorihm
Understanding the reflexes of PIE *ǵneh3- in Sanskrit, Latin and Greek
What is the meaning difference between have+V versus bare V?
Dictionaries with binary semantic features
Words that are used in the same contexts across different languages
Why doesn't Hindi evolve to suit modern times?
Earliest recognition that Romance languages are related
Could the proto-human language still play a role in the interlingual communication?
How are to-infinitive clauses treated in x-bar syntax trees?
Which types of phonemes mark syllable boundaries?
How to read a value from the Spectrum Slice of Praat
Earliest recognition that Germanic and Romance languages are related
Morphology - Detailed description
Are there common traits of foreign accents across languages?
Is there a term generalizing a pragmatics utterance and a body or facial gesture?
Which dictionaries can be considered as the most complete for Modern Greek?
Is there any declension in Hebrew?
Anatolian 'good': Indo-European or not?
How can I automatically build a domain specific corpus from scratch?
When did Icelandic stop being mutuality intelligible with Continental north Germanic languages?
Library of regular expressions for lexical relations in a corpus
Is there a term that refers to eliminating a word from a text being translated in order to achieve dynamic equivalence?
Are these similarities coincidental?
What do we call small bits of speech
Semitic (Afroasiatic?) Root Constraints
Is there a name for the process of triviliazation of a word's meaning?
Is the word "here" a preposition?
Term for words that introduce a new sentence
Automatically retrieving all the sub-concepts associated to a given concept
Morphophonemic rule formulation
Has Russian to Spanish transliteration changed much over the centuries?
What is the purpose of Subject-Verb agreement?
Is there a name for self-reference in verbs?
Is there a document with all the inflection forms of all the world languages?
is "relationship" = "grammatical relationship" in linguistics articles?
Old Chinese romanization using a letter that looks like a "3"
English sentence patterns or verbs in the order of the degree of introduction
Is there a term that refers to a mapping between a person and the adjective that describes them?
What is the modern conception of the syntactic structure of a possessive?
how do SOV langues mark Subject?
Distinguishing between a symbol-based language and a frequency-based language?
What do you call a visual language based on color frequency?
Are PIE *bʰewg- "flee" and PIE *bʰegʷ- "flee" cognate?
difference between Isolating (analytics) vs inflected (fusional) vs agglutinative languages
Massive Open Online Courses on linguistics
Lithuanian possessive perfect
Density of possible encodings (given available phones and phonotactic rules)
Origin of gen./abl. "pitur" genitive of "pitā́" ("father") in Sanskrit
Why "agoraphobia" not "agorophobia"?
Why do Croatian and Italian contain the same grammatical endings for nouns and verbs?
Numeral-noun number agreement - how popular it is
Accusative or ergative language?
How can I write subject and predicate phrases so they can be interchanged for a multiple-choice test and still have subject-verb agreement?
Should secondary articulation in front of the uvular nasal have a sonic effect?
Definition of word in a broad sense, taking into account all (or at least as many as possible) languages
Is the loss of English V to T movement connected to "do"
Etymology of Ancient Greek interrogative particle ἆρα
How does Saussure understand prosodic aspects of language?
What is the subject of a passive sentence?
Phrasal verb? Adjunct vs complement?
What were the pre-Arabic Turkic words used for greeting?
How does English 'lodge' come from Frankish *laubija by sound change?
Why is the need+concealed passive gerund construction unavailable with polyadic gerunds?
Term for the set of rules about where sounds can occur
Why does the name for Germany vary so much between languages?
Is there any relation between the Hebrew word שד for 'demon' and the English word 'shade' for ghost?
Is there a linguistic difference between slang and colloquial speech?
linguistic term for those not immediatly present
Would Saussure consider sign language as "parole"?
Are non-spoken elements, such as capitalization and punctuation mark usage, part of the English language?
Are Semitic and Indo-European languages at all related?
Is there evidence that "proto-" languages actually existed?
Are the Spanish numbers “seis” and “siete” phonetically similar?
Does a good pronunciation improve one's ability to learn a language?
Sanskrit pangram joke?
an example to coda consonant in german language wals chapter 16
"Did" as a habitual / emphatic marker in Southern varieties of British English
Is there such a thing as a "neutral dialect"?
required standards for US domestic foreign language education
Is there a name for the replaceable wildcard "morpheme"?
How did "li" come to mean "here" in Cape Verdean Creole?
Which non-Asian languages use a single morpheme for clausal and subject/agent nominalisation?
Introduction in generative grammar
Etymologically, why is there a v in "Giovanni"
Do puns necessarily involve referring to two (or more) extant words?
Open Dataset Latin Verb Forms
Gold standard corpus size?
"Is there ...?" vs "Does ... have ...?" Yes/No questions
What is the difference between AND and WITH in general?
Need a tool for searching POS tags AND strings
How different were Proto-Italic and Proto-Germanic?
Is the Polish pronunciation of Łódź [wut͡ɕ] or [wudʑ]?
Mood and tense in (Gibbon's) "Rome was saved, if the wisdom of Belisarius had not been defeated"
Written languages that acquired negative concord?
Modern IE languages which do not permit consonant cluster at the begining of syllables
Considering basic intonation patterns, what is meant by "generation paths" in this excerpt?
Subject-verb number agreement with complex subject
What are some good books/publications that discuss the Sapir-Whorf hypothesis?
Is math a language?
what about ophis Python==ahi Budhnya?
increasing frequency of "echo answers"?
Word classification and labeling
Is there a question that can't be answered by "I don't know"?
Can anyone recommend a good, free, and online Greek-to-English dictionary?
I don't know what my L1 is and want to find out
Is there a corpus of Arabic text that doesn't include quotations of the Quran?
Meaning of word/title "Doodenbeer"
building a corpus from COCA KWIC
Turkish kalem: from Anc. Greek or Tocharian?
What is the difference between formant frequencies and pitch frequency?
Are there any good theories explaining the language aspect of the Zipf Mystery?
Synonym/hyponyms/hypernym detection data set
Specific origin of savvy
Chomsky's Syntactic Structures: Why is {a^n b^n : n ∈ ℕ} not a finite state language?
Etymology/meaning of (Mount) Kyllene
Treatment of copular verb in dependency parse of Google Natural Language API vs Stanford CoreNLP parser
Type of adjective, "more" vs. "less"
Is IPA machine-readable?
What kind of experimental procedures can be used to determine tone values (1-5)?
Subtypes of Standard Average European
Devanagari digit variants
Finite set of meaning blocks language
liquids and nasals as syllable nuclei!
The current status of Irish Gaelic in Ireland
logic symbol for 'unlike, differing from'
Syntax Trees examples
Do valid sentences of phrases that have different meanings in different languages exist? How are they called?
What grammar generate this sequence
conjunctions or enumerations inside a sentence make multiple predicates
What is the minimal set of words that make a language "complete"?
Is there a name or formalism for transforming imperative commands to personalized phrases?
What is the maltese pronounciation of 'għ' and 'ħ'?
Language Change over Distance
Vowel Symbols and Sounds
Split sentence into phrases and words
How can meaning be represented?
In Arabic loanwords, why does Persian change the short vowels with different vowels instead of matching them with long counterparts?
How common, crosslinguistically speaking, are 'bare NP' temporal adverbials?
Is the TAM -> copula/'say'-word pathway attested elsewhere?
Why is "intrusive r" not stigmatized like other "mispronunciations"?
How did the Greek aspirates become fricatives?
Where can I find the mentioned More than one Method article?
What is the origin of the Arabic word دزينة (dazina)?
"Only" in Old English?
In Turkish, regarding the locative, how do we know which suffix (-de or -da) should be used?
What is the difference between agglutination and omitting space?
Representing knowledge extracted from output of dependency parsing
Adjectives in Turkish always comes before the noun?
Phoneme or allophone in two variations of same word?
Is there a distinctive feature that separates alveolo-palatals from palatals?
how many samples do i need to collect for my research work in order to study mother tongue influence on English pronunciation?
Origin of “hold from” as an idiom meaning “love, like, respect” in European languages
Help identifying words in unknown language from the Caribbean
What is a small language w.r.t. the number of speakers?
Morphology: Machine-Learning
near-close front unrounded vowel
Help understanding letter sets
What is the origin of counting "Mississippis"?
Is Old English ġe- a digraph representing [j]?
Metric For Morphological Richness Across Languages
Why does the Malayalam script have seemingly redundant ways to kill implicit vowels?
Are different varieties of German closer to each other than different Slav languages?
Where to get lists of words in all languages in text format?
Can Egyptian hieroglyphs (or other hieroglyphs) be construed as having anything like Chinese radicals?
Is there a term of art for a metaphor that means its own opposite?
Where can I find a language code list that includes "OVD" and "OLV"? Are they not included in ISO 639?
How did the Nenets people (who are Asian) end up speaking a Finno-Ugric langauge?
Compare 2 english text corpora
Are there any known natural languages in which tense is never (or very rarely) expressed through the modification of verbs?
How are Baltic and Slavic languages related?
Where does the Swedish word "bra" come from?
C&C/Boxer Source Code
Are most dialect in Flanders influenced by French?
Does the French R-sound come from Germanic influence?
Is [x] any different from [kʰ]?
The accentual (Tone) system of Ancient Greek
Is historical linguistics still producing new results?
Truth conditional semantics and wffs
Animal Species discrimination in languages
What languages have rounding assimilation/harmony with glides?
File structures for named entity recognition datasets
Resources to learn just grammar
Why does "banana" have so many translations in Spanish?
Which language code set (WALS, Linguasphere, ISO 639‑3 or Glottolog) should be the basis for a comparative linguistic project?
How to diagram a sentence containing a sentence adverb?
up-to-date french version of WordNet ready to use in ElasticSearch
Can we build semantic mappings for CFG same as we do in CCG?
Macaroons, macarons, macaroni and...barley?
NLP text classification approach for smart devices
What are some common diachronic origins of interrogative pro-forms?
Right node raising
Are there any equivalent of oxforddictionaries.com/definition/ in Arabic?
Derivatives of Latin *mulier* in French
Are examples of double-embedded content clause subjects attested?
Representing constructive and non-constructive claims in formal semantics
Specific English word classification
Is the adverbial phrase and adverb phrase identical?
Is there a chart showing all assignments of phrases to functions within a sentence?
What is the idea behind calling the adverb the garbage can of words?
Does each word category have a corresponding phrase category?
Can adjectives be concrete in an ontological sense?
Which word is the head of the phrase "somewhere there"?
Are there any two languages which have been interpreted to different forms from speech?
Tomorrow, he should pretend he *was* on a bus
Did the Dutch "zee" (sea) and "meer" (lake) diverge or did the German "das Meer" (sea) and "der See" (lake) diverge from a shared linguistic heritage?
Where can I find a comprehensive list of priming connections?
How is it possible for a single sentence to have both a raising to subject verb and an object control verb?
Is there any language other than Japanese in which a phone call is answered by a greeting using repeated phonetics?
Terms similar to Sibilant
Am i breaking this sentence down correctly?
Syntactic ambiguity of adjective/adverb
Arabic calligraphy: moving characters or signs; other symbols
Dictionary building / corpus exploring software
The use of negations in fuzzy-data-to-text system
English "fruit" vs Italian "frutta" plural number
Are phonemes worse recognizable in English than in Czech?
How do contronyms (aka auto-antonyms) arise?
dealing with those responses before target offset in a priming experiment
Can R sound follow a schwa in a syllable?
most common Turkish words
Consonant symbol representation for /o̯/?
Origins of a mystery name/word "Bossyi"
Are there tribes speaking Indonesian?
Do languages tend to lose the distinction between formal and informal language?
Can a child learn a second language only by hearing it over the telephone?
When did Aspirated Consonants appear in English?
Louis Couturat on inclusive disjunction in Ido
When did Dutch lose its Aspirated Consonants
How many words can be considered "core words"?
Are there non-rhotic English speakers who distinguish between [ən] and syllabic [n]?
The Meaning of Understand
Are Polish-> Russan translations generally better than Polish->English?
Representing consonants and vocal graphically
Corpus for text classification with annotated support phrases
When does language "evolve" and when is it just wrong grammar?
Are syllable initial consonant clusters pronounced in Ancient Greek?
Different assimilation directions
coding t realisations English: how to do it objectively? any tips?
Which epenthetic sounds are most common to separate vowels?
Are there any languages with different plural forms for different numbers?
Minimal Pairs Highlighting the Difference between American and British English
Is the X bar theory applicable to any natural language other than English?
Is there a language that uses some kind of second layer traits (signs of a two-dimensional character)?
Do any English verbs end in -s or -es that are singular?
Is there a computer-readable Hiberno-English pronunciation dictionary?
Is "down at the bar" an adjective phrase or adverb phrase?
Why can the Internal Argument of "Matter" NOT Raise?
What kind of phrase is "until recently"?
palatalization and consonant inventories
Term for "regional linguistics"?
Why is "bicycle" shortened to "bike" and not "bice"?
What exactly states the Müller's ding-dong theory?
Do other languages than English have verbals ,too?
Is a gerund a part of speech?
Overt Subjects of Non-Finite Clauses and Accusative Case
Do all languages have the same set of grammatical relations?
Why do so many grammars divide a clause into Subject and Verb instead of Subject and Predicative?
All all genetically Eastern Algonquian languages in the east?
Could you point out some theories on how the names for numbers developed?
Are clauses such as "¡Que le vaya bien!" in Spanish subordinate?
How does the description of the grammar of a language differ between a traditional and scientific approach?
What parts of linguistics deal with the differences between text types?
Get formant settings (e.g. f1, f2, f3.. frequencies, bandwidths etc) from human voice
Is there a dominant sequence in which a language throughout its evolution changes its type?
Languages Spoken in 7500 BCE?
Semantic/linguistic relation in "All jacuzzis are hot tubs"
Plural-marking and numerals
How is the the adjective in a definite noun phrase different from a nondefinite one in Germanic and Balto-Slavic languages?
What are arguments for and against a common origin of Korean and Japanese?
Have modern languages slowed down or even stopped from language change?
Could you provide examples of free word order languages that use word order to express grammatical categories?
How large is the number of all phonetic entities across all spoken languages?
Is the the Turkish word kin 'hate, venom etc' restricted to Anatolian-Turkish only?
Are there languages with discontinued subordinate clauses?
Introductory linguistic theory books
Is there any good, theory-neutral definition of long-distance reflexives in the literature?
Advice on voiced and unvoiced in sanskrit sounds
In 'Kim is tall', is 'is tall' a VP?
Why are some words to express country names different between Chinese and Japanese?
Did proto-indo-european possess sounds that are not any longer present or rare in modern IE languages?
What is tenseness with respect to consonants?
By what can an anaphor be realized?
graphical representation that exemplifies the different between stressed-timed and syllable-timed languages
Given all the languages that have ever existed, is there a limit for different parts of speech?
When did speakers of Semitic languages reach northern Levant and Syria?
Did Latin "cum" get replaced in French by "avec" because "con" sounded obscene?
What does linguistic under-determinacy mean?
Do Linguists pronounce PIE roots
Where can I find a semantic or syntactic analysis of a Swedish verb?
Relationship between Japanese and Austronesian languages
How do linguists differentiate a dialect from a language?
Invented Language with Noncontradictory Grammar
Is there a rounded /æ/? Is there a Near-open front rounded vowel?
List of languages with numbers of L1 speakers in Africa
Has it been argued that linguistics could only have arisen after exposure to foreign languages?
Great Vowel Shift and pronunciation of name
Do multilinguals have one language they predominantly think in?
Do-So Tests for VPs and PPs
Do children's mispronunciations influence the development of a language?
Can anyone identify this language?
identifying unknown script from artefact
Relative Clauses or Appositives?
Origin of the word/root 'del'
Hidden Markov Models: Linking states to labels after EM training
What linguistic category does Swahili's `-ni` correspond to?
Constructions like the double accusative outside of the Ancient Greek word "διδασκειν"
Origin of Present Perfect in Romance Languages
Intuitive English example of why linguists think natural language grammar is stronger than CFL?
How To incorporate TurboParser Instead of MaltParser for improved results like from online demo?
Bracket notation for discontinuous trees
Where can I find training data for dialects of Hindi?
What is the significance of the super prefixes in Akkadian transcription?
Does anyone knows a work on Mongolian loanwords in Turkic languages?
Is there such a thing as "idiomatic density"?
In which non-Sinitic languages do negative clauses retain older constituent order in SVC-derived complex predicates?
Is Thai language related or a descendant of Sanskrit?
Why does "Vacuum" have two "u's," and how is it pronounced?
How do phonologists use the terms "phonological phrase" and "intonational phrase"?
What is posting act tagging in transformational learning?
Basic background reading request
Stanford NER tagger
Morphology vs Etymology
Can anyone identify the language from this book?
How do proponents of Indo-Uralic explain the major differences between the consonant systems of pIE and pUralic?
What was the dían type of old Irish verses?
Proto-Indo-European phonetic and pronunciation
Is "lolcat speak" a constructed language?
n-gram language model smoothing
Classifying the verbs in a small corpus
Are there any computer readable corpora for ASL?
What's up with the letter W?
changes in sounds in Indo-European languages
What do half brackets mean in Akkadian transcriptions?
Why does Greek "ναι" mean "yes" while it comes from a PIE root meaning "no"?
are what we translate as "adjectives", "nouns", etc, the same kind of words in no indo-european languages?
Can two close languages be merged?
Is there any language where verb inflection takes place word-initially?
Evaluation of named entity recognition
Are there words which sounds very similar in different languages, and which are proven not to be the result of cultural exchange?
Is there a difference between 'doot' (दूत) and 'dut' (दुत) in Sanskrit?
Which languages need the least paralinguistic features like facial / sound?
Is there any "fully" agglutinative language (con- or real)?
Anglicisation of the voiceless velar fricative [x]
Did Chomsky made the first generalization of coordination?
What are some of the most prefixing languages?
What are the terms for assignable anaphora?
What does it mean for a grammar to be linear?
Praat: Sound analysis
IPA to plain simple English translator
Substitution of w for g between certain words in French and English
Origin of the word addiction
why is erdogan pronounced erdowan?
Transliteration of Cyrillic
Error of word frequency
Why is the past subjunctive used within conditional clauses in English and Spanish?
What is the function of the soft sign (Ь) in Russian?
Is there a known reason for the position of the stress in "concupisc-" words in English?
The naturalness principle for [a] and [e]?
semantics of bizarre usages in view of a second-language-speaker
How to analyze an NP with two determiners?
Term for -ed as an adjectival suffix?
Can anybody recommend some textbooks/articles that deal with the adaption of loan words into Spanish?
Is the human mind only a limited store for sentences according to structuralists?
Is pluperfect an aspect or a relative tense?
Does the position of the body relative to gravity limit or change the sounds we can make?
Why are definite articles generally used for learning gendered languages?
Can languages merge together?
How does autosegmental phonology deal with dissimilation?
Etymological origins of the Hindi word Afeem
Contrast of degree of aspiration in Korean
Could it be a person without a native language?
What is the difference between a discourse and a register?
Why cannot 'meaning' substitute 'semantic'?
When do C-Domain and Binding Domain mean different things?
What is the meaning of the word "antiquarian" in this context?
Is "hand" etymologically related to "five" in many world languages?
meaning of yek in Persian or Farsi
Why do Japanese people have difficulties in pronouncing English?
Is "sagon" or "sago" the reconstructed proto-germanic term for "story"?
Languages having same word to denote "count" and "think"
Edit Doron: Reflexivity in Syntax or the Lexicon
How would Slavs call a bear if they didn't use euphemism?
How to extract rows with only meaningful text in a column
A good example of a Finnic or Finno-Ugric language that can be confused with Finnish?
Impact of native language on toddlers reproducing non-speech sounds
Is there any language with number system that uses subtraction? (Other than Ainu)
What is it called when a word is used based on an extant definition which no longer actually applies? e.g. "dial" with phones
Name for tendency of negative morphemes to climb to "outermost" position
Looking for the name of research area *my brother helps me (to) translate*
What is the thematic role of "to the party" in this sentence?
Vowel harmony as epiphenomenon?
Languages preserving loanword inflections
Transitive nouns (and adjectives) evidences from early Indo-Aryan languages
Is a language possible without verbs or without nouns?
Correcting the names in NLP
Principle A in binding theory - reflective pronoun in cleft sentences higher than the R-expression
How is "rising tone" the same in all tonal languages?
Is the V-T movement possible in English?
Are there necessary and sufficient features for categorizing tone using only f0?
Were the Old Komi Tamgas a writing system?
'Literally' non-literally
autosegmental representations of floating features like voice/nasal
How should coreference resolution be handled for possessive pronouns?
corpus search in Sketch Engine for particular correlative coordinators
Stringed music as a constructed language
In what sense if f0 not an objective measurement?
When did the sounds of 'w' and 'v' change in High German?
Metrics for word stability?
Langue vs parole in Phonetics and Phonology
Are there delimiters (parentheses, fonts, etc.) that convey that their content is a proposition?
Need examples from German and French, for chapters 31 and 32 on WALS
Ellipsis with a "transferred" word
Is a Phonemic representation ONLY at the underlying level?
Optimality theory, Autosegmental phonology and linear phonology
Where can I find a lexicon of adjectives?
Reference text database for medical translation?
"Phonemic" distinctions induced by morphology
Is this what English/Mandarin Chinese or other 21st century dominant langauges would eventually do too? (details below)(yup that's opinion based)
Why isn't there a dental trill?
What kind of word is 'same' in 'same-day delivery'?
Serial vs. Parallel
What only native speakers and native writers (?) know
Did Brahmī use consonant conjuncts?
What language is this? And, what does it mean?
Is there a distinction between "classes" and "natural classes" in phonology?
Are Latin "virīlis", Punjabi "vīr", Old Irish "fer" , Wels "gwr" and Hindi "var" related?
Trying to find language written on item
Should compounded words through agglutination be treated as unigrams or n-grams?
How to assess sentence complexity
wals chapter 136 m-t pronouns paradigmatic
What is the origins for the ban on crossing association lines in feature geometry?
Is there any free, single-word wordlist with CLAWS7 part-of-speech tags?
Need more examples/ sources, for Ceq Wong language animal prefixes
Linguistics concept about meaning of words according to a context
In construction grammar, is extraction a property of the construction or a separate construction?
Definitions of extra-linguistic, internal and external change?
The vowels in book and good
Educating people in their mother tongue
Why are the sentences below ungrammatical? Explain giving any four syntactic reasons
Is there some relationship between the modern u and μ?
Austronesian Alignment
Vowels tend to be open in closed syllables and closed in open syllables
Etymology of Sanskrit नारक / नरक [nāraka / naraka]
Why do dictionaries use non-standard IPA symbols
What is the influence of Germanic languages on Esperanto grammar?
Direction of alignment function in statistical machine translation
what is the etymology of Hebrew word lasse‘irim לַשְּׂעִירִם
When are we not able to make regressive nasal assimilation in phonetics?
Has a optimized universal writing system been proposed based on scientific knowledge?
What is the linguistic term for 'it'
Speech signal analysis: What can be seen in the signal?
What is the particular function of "lol" or "lmao" in the middle of sentences?
Components that comprise a syllable
Comparison between Ido, Esperanto and French
Why does "begin" have /g/ instead of /j/ if it's from PG *ginnan?
How do noun-noun compounds fit into a noun phrase in syntax?
Who said "The difference between a language and a dialect is in who has the army"
What part of a non-restrictive relative clause corefers?
Is there a phoneme distribution graph for multiple European languages?
What does it mean to perceive VOT continuum categorically?
Wals chapter 3 consonant vowel ratio
What's the best approach to creating word-embeddings?
Greek words with initial "ia" instead of "a"
What is a half-transitivizer?
Significance of 'ฯ' in English orthography
Seeking IPA study aids (symbol memorization, audio recognition, transcription practice)
Examples to Whole Language Typology in Turkish
Why is there no Ancient Greek noun whose stem ends in an "i"-ending diphthong (like "-ai")?
Where to download wav/mp3 files for each of the ipa phoneme?
wals chapter 50 regarding german language
Distinguishing between active vs passive perception
Why is it that the wh-word as a subject in the spec position cannot raise over an auxiliary verb like 'did'?
X-bar: Put 'Where' in a Determiner Phrase or in an Adverb Phrase?
Vocabulary Wordlist for the elementary school English
The difference between isolating and analytic languages?
Term to describe change from /yeho/ to /yo/ in biblical Hebrew names
Are German Rahmen and English frame cognates, and if so, where does the f come from/how did it get lost?
What is the x-bar tree of 'I am proud of my students'? (having trouble with proud)
Pointing words in a sentence to their specific dictionary defininition
Silence, Listening, Body Language, Miscommunication
How do you assign Case to sentences with an infinitval clause?
Similarity of I am / you are in Sumerian
Listing the historical change between two languages (phonology)
Some questions on how I pronounce "l"
Portmanteau in Middle Egyptian
Is there really a perfect tense?
Is there a tool for conversion of IPA into X-Sampa?
Common linguistic term for conjugations, declensions
What is my native language?
'today announced' vs. '*yesterday announced'
What is the function of the *dot* diacritic, when it converts /ba/ to /ra/ (if it can be called so) in Bengali?
How do you coreference a possesive pronouns with an x-bar tree?
Languages where smells are heard
Is there any case which we need to care about stative verbs in French grammar?
What is the hypernym of names, unique titles, and definite descriptions?
How did *h₁l̥h₁onbʰos shift from "deer" to "lamb"?
What are multi-word concepts (technical terms) called and how are they found?
What languages have a Perfect Imperative and what is the meaning of such a tense-mood combination?
What's the declination for snabel-a?
Is use of sorting expected and used in East Asian languages (Chinese, Japanese, Korean)?
Does your brain make a distinction between vocal and non-vocal language?
Which Chinese Romanisation system is most intelligible to English speakers?
Are there natural languages with the following properties (seen in Esperanto)?
Can a term be both deictic and cataphoric?
generic definite article with uncountable/mass nouns after preposition 'of' indicating material
How to define tangible? E.g. is war/party/meeting tangible or not?
What are determinants of language specific city names
New Scientist Article on Spoken Language?
Impact of native language on glossolalia
How to know whether a word is context appropriate?
Why is 's a verb?
Can anyone explain the difference between nominal and pronominal cases?
Vietnamese Spelling Irregularities
Are numerical digits logograms, ideograms or both?
Genitive forms (German)
Speech Recognition: prosody. What is the difference between combined and intergrated models?
What's the acoustic difference between laterals and nasals
What are the historical origins for the naming of the word 'function' in its mathematical context?
What are some authoritative Vietnamese Dictionaries? …and how do they disambiguate the two pronunciations of <gia>?
Are there languages without words for "father" or "mother" but only "parent"?
What is it called when words like "what" and "how", aren't acting interrogatively, and aren't relative-pronouns?
Combinatory Categorial Grammar for inflected languages?
Why do 'wonder' and 'think' act differently in wh-movement?
Why can interrogatives so often be used-as/made-into intensifier adverbs?
named entities recognition using stanfordNERTagger
Use of the definite article in "the Ukraine"
data sources and/or softwares to get morphological derivation of words
Why can "autarchy" be spelled with an "k" while other words not?
Where can I find a free text corpus for the Hindi language?
Case assignment with prepositions
Difference in translating Sanskrit words कोप​ [kopa] and क्रोध [krodha]
Speech Pathologists and the International Phonetic Alphabet
It's now 12 years since Everett made his startling claims about Pirahã. How have his claims held up?
What are the current hurdles to automatic audio to IPA transcription?
Why does the CLAWS5 tagset separate "of" from all other prepositions?
How did the Latin past participle suffix -atus develop into modern French -é?
Is there a voiced-unvoiced pair for R or L in any language?
To which degree are Western and Eastern Armenian mutually intelligible?
Does Sanskrit really have a large proportion of borrowings from non IE stock?
How are the palatal approximant and palatalization different in Slavic languages?
What kind of phrase is Acc-ing gerund?
Why do some English speakers insert a /t/ in ⟨else⟩ and say /ɛlts/?
Is this a form of reduction?
Is a lateral plosive a thing?
What's this punctuating feature of some peoples' English?
What phonetic elements is the word yes and no put together by?
Combinatory Categorial Grammar (комбинаторная категориальная грамматика) developments and lexicon for Russian language?
To what extent has Middle Chinese been reconstructed?
Why are Chinese punctuation marks 。and 、so similar to its western style equivalents?
Any other example of "socially stigmatized phoneme" like the "th" sound in some Venetian dialect?
Why do Korean and Japanese sound similar to each other to native speakers of English?
Combinatory Categorial Grammar developments and lexicon for German language?
Parallel English-Spanish corpora?
Why would sociolinguists want to study perceptual dialectology?
Voiced fricatives are just breathy approximants?
Complete List of English Compound Words?
On +/-Pied-Piping of A's in AP's containing wh-degree words
Why is ⟨Г⟩ in Belarusian commonly Anglicised as ⟨h⟩, not ⟨g⟩?
How do we explain the fact that agreement comes from the object with 'there'?
Why does 'seem' behave differently?
Is there a purely singulative-collective language?
Do letters of the alphabet count as glyphs?
'there' vs 'it' expletive insertion
House vs. home in other languages
Are there dictionaries translating roots from one Indo-European language to another?
Do people "babble" while learning an L2?
can anyone translate this language please? what Language is it?
Different Meaning Arabic ْلَمْ تَكْتُب (lam taktub) and ْمَا كَتَبَت (maa katabat)?
Does L-Vocalisation exist in South African English?
Disambiguating place vs Manner of articulation
Does Neary Vowel Normalization account for Vocal Tract Length?
Did English ever use "hen" to mean "now?"
French dialects from west to east: no distinct breaks, blend into German?
Do the Native American names Pocahontas and Pocatello share a common linguistic root?
A Question About Complement and Adjunct
Two languages have the same homonym for two meanings but different phonetics
examples for indoeuropean languages which are related to each other in different ways
Is there relationship (and translation) between Link Grammars and Combinatory Categorial Grammars?
Letter switching? "r" and vowels switching
What came first: «starboard» or «estribor»?
Discussions around symbols included/excluded in the IPA
Is /ɡ/ Germanic and /dʒ/ French in English ge-/gi- words?
What are the most useful programming languages for computational linguists?
Any good, up-to-date advanced textbooks/handbooks in statistical parsing?
Why is Indonesian Google Translator voice so much better than English?
Tenses, voices, moods, and what else?
What does the tongue do to discriminate sibilant vs. non-sibilant?
if vs. whether (complementizer)
Czech: "Býval + minulý čas" VS. minulý čas
"split into" -- putting the stress on the right syllable
Vocabulary list
Unaccusative verbs, EPP and Case Filter
Major translation theories
Can a syllabic consonant exist between two vowels?
Is there any resource about "exceptional" examples of false cognates available?
Induction of semantics for grammars of natural languages (as opposed to syntax)
How common is nasal assimilation before stops?
Is there a language that's purely fluid-s?
How can the perfective aspect apply to the present tense?
Theta-Marking, Case-Marking and Argumenthood in Copular Sentences
Homemade ASR decoding
How to train an NLP model(which is to be deployed) without over-fitting?
Text classification of semantic relations within text
How many "principal parts" do Sanskrit verbs have?
How do linguists describe the element order of a possessive? (aka. "A's B" vs "B of A")
Collections of classified sample sentences (about certain grammatical feature)
Parsing and a possible compound verb
Which Indo European language best preserves the features of Proto Indo-European?
Software for exploring large set of textual data
Borrowing words along with the articles or other grammatical parts (like Spanish from Arabic)
What introducing phonology book cover its applications on poetics or musicology?
References for Italian-American slang (cross-post from English Language & Usage)
Acoustic signal to phones?
How to return only the person names who belong to a group?
Speech and Language Processing without Representation of Language?
comprehensive reference grammar on any sign language
Is "Qadaqan" Mongolian or Turkish?
How to interpret the dependency parse tree of an English Slot Grammar?
Minimalist Language: List Of Distinct Universal Properties?
Automatic sentence segmentation of recorded speech with text
Truth-conditions of predicate-logic formulas for donkey sentences
What is the relationship between perfectivity and the Classical Japanese conjunctive particle "-て" ("-te")?
What is the contribution of Tocharian to the reconstruction of Proto-Indogermanic?
Where do I start if I want to a create a syllable like /ba/ or /pa/?
Command line tools for querying corpuses
average root length cross-linguistically
Is there evidence of a place name originating from an abbreviation or acronym?
Text-to-speech for arbitrary vowels (i.e not just ipa)
Is there are name for this type of ambiguity?
How to get the similarity between languages?
What is DH- stopping?
Is there any "one-sided lateral consonant"?
What do languages without a schwa vowel have in common?
Can Serbian, Croatian, and Bosnian be considered linguistically distinct?
Reviewing the evidence of the spirantization of β (betacism) in Greek
How do languages distinguish proper nouns from common nouns?
Dissecting an unknown language sample with nothing but an interpretation thereof?
Useful software and/or "manual" method for data analysis in a stylistic study of transitivity (SFL)
What is the unit of the amplitude on the y-axis in a sound waveform?
Sami loanwords in Swedish language
The place of "isolated" nominal and prepositional elements/groups within a transitivity analysis
Detecting Sentence Boundry
German Dependency Parsing - question about dependencies between "sich ____ lassen"
Auxiliaries in generative grammar
Feminisation of men's language?
Do word final plosives always have 'no audible release' in all languages?
Can one "sentence" belong to multiple languages?
To what extent are Zero Period loans from Latin into Germanic evidence that the Germanic peoples acquired technologies from the Romans?
Language model created with SRILM does not sum to 1
Do all cultures have the 5 senses?
Is there a technical term for the phenomenon of two usual nouns A and B such that the concatenation A B denotes neither an A nor a B?
Relationship between "subject-targeting syntactic phenomena" and "subjecthood tests"?
Voiced labiodental fricative in Puerto Rican Spanish?
Are fusional languages easier to learn than isolating languages?
What is the best/state-of-the-art logic for representing English language?
Is Occitan a single language or have its different dialects become separate languages?
The Word for 'Ball' Pre-Colonisation
Who first said that no two words mean the exact same?
Apico-alveolar consonants in Romagnol Italian and certain accents of Chinese: is that a thing?
Calabrian/Sicilian and unstressed e/o
How did ìritu evolve from digitus?
How did the sequence /str/ become /ʂ/ in Sicilian?
What's the name of the elements used to extend otherwise basic clauses?
AdvP Merged in Spec XP or Adjoined to XP
Etymology/Origin of surname Szakal
Are there languages with both the singulative and the main verb 'have'?
What are the distinctive features of the alveolar tap?
On the phonetics of Russian ы
Aorist Present--what does this mean? I thought aorist was primarily reserved for past action
What are technical terms and treatments in the literature for the exactly the following special kind of pleonasm?
Why the writing and reading in English are different?
Transform Chinese, Korean, Hebrew and Arabic to IPA
How do linguists search the web for text containing special characters?
Is it possible for a sound other than a plosive to be implosive?
Is there a cross-Linguistic OT overview on epenthesis and deletion?
Self-contained explanation for the CCG Principles
Why Is It That Ancient Greek Reconstructed Pronunciation Is Always Used For Koine?
What is the phonetic and phonemic destinction between a semivowel and a vowel?
What is a language and what is a dialect?
How do I pronounce each syllable slowly from a word in audio?
Why is [ð] so rare?
Improve intent classification and slot filling with question-answering
Are there any purely monosyllabic languages in use today?
Does "You" or "Unicorn" begin with a vowel sound
What is the difference between type and token?
How dissimilar must case endings be to each other?
Why hebrew אמא pronounciation vary from the logic of אבא pronouciation?
Is there a standard system for transcribing modern Irish in Ogham?
How is declension class represented in Distributed Morphology?
Machine Translation: Why is Japanese-English the only pair where rules are still used?
Can someone assist translating a handwritten note I found? Possible Devanagari script
Why is spoken Chinese so fast paced?
Transliteration-transcription method for ancient Greek & Arabic
Greek - Arabic language relation
Are there any languages with words for negative powers of 10 like Japanese?
Why is the verb "to need" and "to observe" always imperfective in Slavic languages?
Is there a way to teach the IPA to someone in a written way?
Degemination and prenasalization together: how common?
Are there languages with tense that lack a pluperfect?
Is there free and open Chinese corpus?
What statistical tests can be used to check for lexicalisation effects in a judgement task?
Database of formalized english sentences?
Is Mandarin understandable by Taiwanese in written context if simplified characters are mapped to traditional ones?
Phonemic similarities between "mother" and "father" in different language families
NLP techniques on semantic similarity with different sentence construction
Corpora for extractive summaries
Why use “être” with pronominal verbs in complex tenses in french?
Does plural count as a grammatical gender?
Etymology of Romance words for Marriage
What is the etymology of Sicilian "vanedda"?
Turkish "Yaz" vs. Azerbaijani "Yaz"
English onsets with /s/ and sonority hierarchy
Do "wise" and "wissen" share the same root?
Second and third language "search"
Does regular vowel dissimilation/disharmony exist?
How do I report the distribution of a variant among genders?
What is the difference in articulation between /CjV/ and /CʲV/?
Does "a little" (en) correspond to the same grammatical class as "ein wenig" (de)?
Good recent historical grammar of Sanskrit, preferably in English?
How is it possible to use a single Latin alphabet for Persian which will represent ALL three standards?
How would you describe X of Y phrases where X and Y are nouns?
What do distributed frequency and raw frequency mean?
When was Proto-Germanic spoken?
How are proto-languages dated?
Languages missing the sound P?
How is it possible to reconstruct old accents of a language?
Do perfectives have to be successfully completed?
Why is recognition based on phonemes and not syllables or morphemes?
Can we use appositives befor the subject?
How Acceptability is this Epithet?
Why do some languages have many names?
Are there any universals about how m-case can pattern for predicate NPs?
Origin and likelihood of pharyngealization
"The depressed, the stressed, the lonely, the fearful" are these appositives?
Understanding the problem realm of text interactions
How would the ocean affect language?
Do english-speaking people feel grammatical gender of words like "California" or "America" being feminine and "New York" being masculine?
Ablaut reduplication: why high vowel to low vowel?
Only a pair of brackets in IPA transcription sentence, does it matter?
Was Latin A Nasalized Language?
Need for English not to have many grammatical cases
Examples of Umlaut in a living language
Does any other language have as many reflexive pronouns as English?
Online facsimile of the original Cours de linguistique générale
About Bamileke language Kwa
Origin & explanation of sabado & sobota being similar in latin and slavic languages?
Tags in opencorpora Russian corpus.
Accent of babies crying. Is there research other than for German and French?
Where does one find data on sonority hierarchies for specific languages?
How fast is the number of languages spoken today decreasing/increasing?
How do I decline a noun phrase?
Evidence proving lingustic perception of speech in brain?
The Indogermanic r-mediopassive and the Latin ending -mini from a broader perspective
Is generative grammar a theory or an approach?
Sentence/Utterance/Proposition
Why does Kirshenbaum use ‹r› for [ɹ] and ‹r<trl>› for regular [r]?
How should I pronounce double consonant in a Sanskrit word?
Evolution in number of words from Greek to Latin to modern languages
Corpora for sentence compression
Verb pairs similar to "buy" and "sell"?
Tests for determining NP status
How do contractions work in syntactic movement?
Does a subordinating conjunction necessarily introduce a subordinate clause?
Albanian minimal pairs for r vs. rr, xh vs. gj, and q vs. ç
Is a complement of a verb treated any differently than an adjunct of a verb in a tree diagram?
What languages have extraction markers?
Are first-person and second-person pronouns always co-referential for a given speaker at a given context?
complement vs adjunct
Making Sense of Nonsense: [Corner/Quine] Quotes!
"yotta" in Greek and Armenian
What part of speech is the word "that" in "That you be happy!"
Writing Phonological Rules
How do you analyze a standalone hashtag like "#goals"?
Anunasika(Chandrabindu) in Vowels (Sanskrit)
Terminology for a phrase that changes meaning over time within a closed community
What is the difference between successive-cyclic wh-movement and long-distance wh-movement?
Was language invented only once or several times?
Why is it problematic to assume a null morpheme signifying the singular number of nouns in German?
Are Hindi "Bigul" (बिगुल) and English "Bugle" cognates?
Will machine translation eclipse the need for human translation some day and if so, by what date do you predict?
what Egyptian hieroglyph(s) meant/depicted "time"?
At what age do children lose the ability to hear phomene differences that their native language doesn't make?
Determining formative list of -ian and -ism
English Stress and Rule Based Accounts SPE Chomsky/Halle
Is there a name for sounds formed by interruption of airflow? Is "intermittent stop" a synonym for "trill"?
What qualifies as a ditransitive verb, really?
How are algebraic operations written in a right-to-left language?
Do we know anything more about the semantic shift of "with" in Middle English?
Were/are there any languages that decline(d) articles but not nouns?
weak definite article in Engish linguistics
How do we get from Greek τρόπος to French trouver?
Corpus Assisted Discourse Studies
Evolution of perfective aspect from Sanskrit derivational suffix -ka in Modern Indo-Aryan languages
Does Reduplication oppose any Gricean Maxim?
In spoken English, is there a clear preference for using contractions?
Constituent borders
Data/Resource for adjectives related to nouns
Terminology for masculine vs. feminine speech/language styles
You fought so bravely for it. [adjunct vs. complement]
Can learning a new language help with speech impairment?
What is the IPA classification for these sounds?
The argument/complement marker prepositions
What are the arguments against Wells’s syllabification of English?
What is the language on this bracelet?
Geolinguistics: how many languages to talk to 50|90%
What is the difference between vPs and v*Ps?
Why no 'i' in Albanian for digits from 0 to 9?
How could we say it is a “object” by the definition?
Are there any languages that either effectively don't have verbs or that somehow get around using a "standard" verb system?
How can I remove the red dashed lines of the cursor in Praat?
Is Japanese "subaru" related to Russian "soberu" and Latin "conferre"?
Offensive words over time in other languages
Is English the only Indo-European language without gendered nouns?
Are the to infinitives, gerunds and bare infinitives objects?
Are languages losing features like honorifics due to code mixing with English?
Languages Without "To" And "From"
Is a creaky voice a glottal trill?
Test for function or content word? (LFG)
Why is it believed the West Germanic /i/ became /aɪ/ in some cases?
Verb classes confusion: unaccusative, unergative
What's the infinitive stem?
Passive: illusion or fact?
How to get morphological information from Stanford POS tagger?
Why Do Singers Prefer Back Vowel Non-Lexical Vocables?
Friend(ly) versus funn(y). -Ly versus -y for adjectives
Are null and zero articles present in every language, conceptually, or only in English?
Languages where articles occur to the right of nouns
Does an adjunct really "modify" something?
Is case-marking really useful for such languages?
Are there any empirical arguments for eliminating 'Deep Structure' in Minimalist Syntax?
Lexical difference between classical and modern standard arabic
Could the pronounciation of some words have derived from reformed pronunciation rules?
What is the part of speech of 'modifiers to adjectives'?
What is the name of the noun to verb transformation?
How does Kaldi compare with Mozilla DeepSpeech in terms of speech recognition accuracy?
Is the obligatory omission of tense/aspect/mood marking in polar interrogatives common?
Name of the theory of lexical semantics that distinguishes consonants by the values "up" and "down"?
Is there any "standard" definition of "linguistic input"?
Do speakers of languages that use gendered nouns automatically use the same gendered pronouns when referring to an animal as Mr. or Mrs.?
which one is the unnacusative and which one is the unergative version of the following verbs
Why did English "man" and Latin "homo" take both the senses "gender-neutral human" and "male adult"?
(indo-european) *b, *d, *ǵ... vs ˀp, *ˀt, *ˀḱ
About the universality of the notion of subject and the description of ergativity
Is there any theory for mathematically judging the quality of a parallel corpus before running it through a machine translation pipeline?
Copulas and the Split VP Hypothesis
Is there a word for the last letter of a word is pronounced with a different phoneme than it would otherwise?
Does IPA notation ever get capitalized to match their written counterparts?
To what extent does this image accurately express the modularity of linguistic units?
Is there a language with distinct, non-compound words for cardinal diagonal directions?
Abbreviations for pinyin and hepburn transliterations?
How does Microsoft speech recognition API compare with Google Cloud Speech API in terms of speech recognition accuracy?
How to know where to put those arrows ↗ ↘ to represent the intonation?
Does the Dutch sentence "Waarschijnlijk deze zomer ga ik naar Spanje" follow the V2 structure?
Why does Italian use definite articles before possessive adjectives, except when these are followed by a singular family noun?
How to differentiate an East Anglian accent from a West Country accent?
Sentence to Image
"Dash" dialog punctuation in different languages
Why didn’t generative grammarians value linguistic data from native languages?
How do languages which prefix proper nouns (by case marking, clitic article, etc) do capitalization in Latin Alphabet?
Common language root for dom, domain
Passive voice that is not the main voice in a language
What explains the semantic sameness in 'Verb + preposition + Direct Object' and 'Verb + Direct Object'?
What is a study trying to synthesise different meanings of a root (synchronically) called?
In what ways might dependency grammar be a better fit for free word order languages?
Semantics and pragmatics
Programming tools for exploring semantic relationships between words
Term for similar structures and phrases in languages
Why do phonemes such as /r/ and /ɾ/ evolve into uvular sounds like /ʀ/?
Are ~simba (Bantu) and ~simha (Indic) related?
Ex of Acronym, not Initialism, no vowels in form
Did Romance languages evolve in North Africa?
What is the linguistic cause of the formation of "competete" a wrong variant of "compete"?
Is there a linguistics equivalent to Turing completeness?
Did Google Translate supply North Korea with the word "dotard" because of J.R.R. Tolkien's "Lord of the Rings"?
What do you call what a noun phrase refers to?
Is there a term for the diminishment of intensity of meaning over time?
Is it possible for an adult to learn a language without carrying a foreign accent?
A subset of concrete nouns
Why do speakers of certain East Asian languages chop off the end of English words?
What's the difference between particle, marker and adposition?
Distinction between phonology and morphophonology
Etymology of the place name Chattaroy
Formalization and representation of semantic and pragmatic knowledge?
What are current perspectives on analyzing word-final /i/ in English words like "potency" as synchronically derived from /j/?
Has there been cross-linguistic work on differential adjective-noun order?
How much of a difference does vowel mergers make to perception of fluency?
Any name for this proposition? : Sounds reflects P.O.S. of the word
Feminine and neuter plural
Soft consonants in Devanagari
What is the difference between Speech Act and Dialog Act?
Cross-linguistic cases of German 'trennbare' Verbs
Description of various placements of PPs in a syntax tree
Motivation behind the definition for existential quantifiers such as *some* in compositional semantics
Early language acquisition from non-native input
How do I draw these syntax structure trees?
Can regional variations of a language cause the formant space to be reduced?
Where can I lookup what language corresponds to a IANA language tag?
Is it possible to not only lose/gain an accent, but also lose some fluency in native language?
Can /∅/ be used transliterate silent characters? (I.P.A.)
How did "will" lose the meaning "want" in English?
Most Distinguishable Monophthongs/Vowels?
Find noun phrases using syntactic analysis from Google Cloud Language API
IPA, Why Is It Ordered That Way?
Old English forms of address
Causatives and Reflexives
How are representative phonemes determined?
Are two word utterances by young children grammatically analysed?
Is there an generally positive / appraisal / emotion boundary?
Difference between forms of the georgian verbs with and/or without objective version vowel
Is the difference between analytic and agglutinative languages superficial?
Are there any languages that place subjects and direct objects before the verbs, but everything else after?
Why do only some languages have different words for calling a married and unmarried women?
Why Did Koiné Greek Still Write Double Letters?
Is there a name for the tense some Romance languages used to use for stories?
Is there a measure for grammatical similarity?
Is it possible for a word-initial vowel to not have a glottal stop before it?
Do a classification of words with two or more stressed syllables exist?
Is there a term for an adjective or noun becoming a verb, like "to adult"?
What is the exact meaning of 'common' in 'common noun'?
Why isn't a countable noun required to have a determiner when used in the plural?
Greek: differences between words marked as αρχαιοπρεπής, λόγιος or παλαιότερα
Rules to constructing a proper compound noun in Ancient Greek
Why isn't a cat called a meow?
Romance-like pronominal verbs elsewhere
How to determine formants from a waveform if given time on the horizontal axis and amplitude on the vertical axis?
Do all languages use Proper Nouns?
Why is a Compound Ideograph disastrous if the meaning of the characters are relevant, but not their pronunciations?
Why was polyphony a failure for the Sumerians, when English functions with heteronymy?
Have we observed classes changing from open to closed, or vice versa?
Are negative comparative operators like "less" typologically rarer than their positive counterparts?
Is it possible to move from non-concatenative to concatenative morphology?
Are there any configurational languages that AREN'T verb-medial?
Conversational IPA
Where can I download dictionary bilingual word list in many languages?
Tone associated to segments other than vowels
Why did Greek never develop into other languages like Latin?
Adjunct domain and Argument domain
Where can I find the HISTORICAL data on the total no of speakers of a language?
Phonemes and phonemic sounds
What are the stopwords in Tamil language?
Online data giving numbers and frequencies of nouns in some well-known novels?
Does the Telugu script have near perfect phonemic orthography?
What determines how a language creates new words? For example, is it likely for English to continue to create new words from Latin in future?
How does a field linguist record rare, unknown features of an undocumented language? Is it likely for him/her to miss the details?
Isn't postulating Spell-Out resurrecting the old notion of Surface Structure?
Subjective pronouns in English copulas: gradual loss of objective case, or emphatic construction taking over?
Is standard written English really more open to the repetition of words?
Are the inflectional endings in English known to have evolved from separate words or do they go too far back into PIE to know?
Are there any fricatives pronounced behind the tonsils?
Where is the boundary between an adjective and a noun adjunct?
Kaluza's law and Beowulf.64b
What to reference for grammatical features being more reliable than lexical features for diachronic research?
sonority hierarchy within vowel backness
possible etymologies and cognates for Dutch 'mooi'?
Why can I coordinate direct object + verbal adjuncts?
Enumerating the possible Pinyin -> Hanzi transcriptions
The origin of a common word for tongue/language?
What is the difference between lexical verb and copular verb?
Is "be" always a copular verb or there are instances of it being the predicate?
is there "i" suffix that makes verb from noun, in latin or its ancestors? etymology of tio(n) suffix
Why is there no Subject-Auxilliary inversion in Subject questions?
Why can't we explain exceptional case-marking as sentences with a three-place predicate?
Are there any languages that use rapidly repeated or stammered/stuttered sounds for differentiation?
help with minimal pairs in English
Are languages converging in the modern era?
What are the theories for Spanish and French/ Romance languages not coming from Latin?
What's the oldest living language out there?
Are there any natural languages that actually have gender neutral 3rd person pronouns?
How to draw tree structures in Microsoft Word?
can two phonemes of two different allophone appear in one word?
When was the concept of verbs' principal parts codified, and by whom?
What is the technical name for declensible languages?
When people converse in sign language, why do they make whispering sounds?
Can the "n" sound be made without the tongue touching the roof of the mouth?
What is a phonic unit?
Are modern chuch Latin and classical Latin different languages?
Do non-verbal predicates discharge thematic roles?
Estimate of the number of homographs in english
Is there a linguistic term for words that can have the same meaning in different languages?
Where might the given name Xelefon originate?
Why do I feel like "g" should mutate to "dz"?
What methods do languages use to re-introduce the subject of a passive construction?
Subregularities and irregularities
Why are the Sinitic languages so different from the rest of Sino-Tibetan?
Does "a" in "I made a mistake" denote indefiniteness?
Verbs and onomatopeias for knocking
In German, doesn't using 'von' for agents of passive sentences result in ambiguity?
Does the frequency of vocal fold vibration change with pitch?
Punctuation/Pause character in IPA
Hungarian homographs
What is the current understanding of the substrate(s) to the Indo-Aryan languages
Language of Dolphins
Is the Indo-Austronesian Hypothesis an example of a pseudoscientific language comparison?
Why is 't' sometimes pronounced like 'ch'?
Markers for size, shape etc. on number words in Japanese
Does a main verb undergo inversion in "Has he any shame?"
Finiteness of embedded clause in "Susan seems to have gone"
What are some phonetic writing systems where symbols correspond to syllables?
Semantic parsing vs Propositional Representation
What is ''syntactic behavior"?
In English, what rules govern the optimal order of nouns in a list?
Can "da" phrase endings used in Russian and Kannada be traced back to the same origin (as in usage, not like cognates)?
Which method measures the degree of disagreement in online comments?
Svelte as a product name, are there any similar sounding negative words in other languages?
Formal semantics of subordinate clauses (compound sentences) - in categorial and type logical grammars?
How seriously do modern linguists take the idea of phonesthemes?
Persian text on carpet
What does "argument sharing" mean in terms of co-ordination?
How does the pronunciation of r change from "art" to "arth"
What's a good resource where I can publish some narratives in a minority language?
How did Proto-Indo-European *septm evolve into English "seven"?
Looking for semantic hierarchy, tagset or connected active research
What is the source of knowledge/discovery for the semantics? Automation of semantic science?
How did Adolf Hitler pronounce his own name?
Are there languages in which adverbs inflect?
Terminology: types of inflection and features
How are head nodes of a tree determined?
Which sub-field of linguistics does research into speech synthesis/recognition belong?
What are the different schools of PIE reconstruction?
Conflation of language dialects and phonology
Which language expresses aspect most similarly to English?
Any proposals for Modern Greek spelling reform?
Tools and algorithms for finding non-verbatim quotations
Is there a word-list for child English?
Can the "dialect continuum" phenomenon be recognized from Rome to Lisbon?
Power in Center of Gravity
The pronunciation of the voiced "th" in English
Are copulas object/complement heads? P&P & LFG
Is Indo-European Linguistics relevant or dead field?
Consonant-Only & Vowel-Only N-Grams List?
Doubly Filled COMP in Contemporary English
Japanese kun'yomi with final N?
Syntax tree help?
Why don't you get back the original text when you use translation software to translate something into another language and then back into English?
Marking subject/object that is not a pronoun?
Is there any International standard for representing phonemes?
where can I find free corpus of spoken disabled people (in english, italian)
Why does the English Alphabet sometimes function like a syllabary?
Looking for a database of minimal pairs
Why is transliteration of japanese always done English-style while transliteration from other non-latin script languges doesn't?
What does '# of Cs' mean?
Why are languages with average vowel inventory size scattered?
Acoustic parameters for phonation
Principle of Compositionality: Free Word Order Languages?
How does ghetto talk work in tonal languages?
Is there a natural language that doesn’t use an action verb to describe death?
Is there any research on the graph of word associations in a language?
Is accent prejudice well-established in film/television hubs other than Hollywood?
What could be the opposite of a 'Topicalized language'?
What subfield of linguistics studies curious or unique features of natural languages?
How can a syllable be marked?
Vocabulary List From word2vec and GloVe
Did Trump say "I" or "I'd" "probably have a very good relationship with Kim Jong-un."?
Did Persian ever have a hard or soft "th" sound?
Measuring oral comprehensibility between different language
What's the difference between ɐ and a?
Interpreting different types of ambiguity in a sentence
Is English "lake" Derived from Latin, or is it Indo-European?
Is there such a thing as a "floating preposition"?
Difference between ideogram and logogram?
Reference work needed for Phrase Markers in English
Connections between combinatory categorial grammars and abstract categorial grammars?
To which extent language exists disconnected from the physical world?
looking for corpus of dialogue recording in appointment between doctors and patients
Which types of errors are there in a human language?
How to detect if one tweet agrees with another
Factorial Typology--determining implicational universals?
Does the scope of negation change when there is a stressed word within a sentence?
Robustness of a language to noise
What is the correct way to transcribe an apico-labial nasal in the IPA?
Does the Klingon spoken in Star Trek: Discovery present a harsh/ventricular/pressed voice phonation?
Elusive etymology, false cognate?
Why did some Hebrew words beginning with Yod become transliterated into Latin as "hi?"
What does " *! " mean?
What historical change(s) shortened vowels in Old and Middle English?
Word drop: have a beer or two
Are there any minimal pairs between [ɨ] and [i] in Russian phonology?
Besides Proto-Indo-European, does any language have separate words for "one alone" and "one united"?
When and where did the guttural 'r' originate?
Why is the "long i" sound in English written /aɪ/?
What does "directionality of footing" mean?
Proto-Slavic a-stem locative plural in -asъ?
Is there a technical term for the kind of adjective A which appears in sentences of the form 'The object O is A.'?
Are there any historical runic transcriptions that utilize two runes to represent a sound change? (particularly in the Anglo Saxon rune sets)
A sort/type/kind of N. Which is the head?
Impact of European languages on AmE modality and grammatical moods
Can anyone send me a link or recommend me a book about IPA diacritics?
Is the dark L truly velar?
Is there an etymological relationship between Cartesian and words like carte?
Are there "mixed languages" that are neither wholly oral or signed ?
'Non-standard' indexicals
In what way is Japanese related to Sanskrit?
Why are vowels distinguishable merely by formant frequencies and not formant intensities?
Similar diminutive name construction in Turkish and Armenian
Is it possible that the word virgin originally had two meanings?
Any online recording of [ʀ̆]?
Inventing a word?
How does Tok Pisin get by with just a few prepositions?
Why is it that direct object may be marked with either ACC or GEN case, depending on the verb in Slavic languages?
Research on development of language of modality in children 8-12?
What is the correct order of Dark L articulation?
Dark L vs L Vocalisation
Is there a phrasal verb corpus somewhere online?
Looking for large word list file/db (>1k) with IPA transcriptions
Was the Latin "b" pronounced like "v" in ancient times?
Explain ㅎ being silent in Korean language
Are there the languages that have writing systems consisting only numbers?
How has pair/couple ended up meaning both 2 and more in different languages?
Wellsean Syllabification and Recapitulation Symbols in the LPD
What does "associational meaning" mean?
X-bar tree of the sentence "Why would she not have actually been giving him back the present yesterday?"
Initials in Greek
Are there any scripts which have more than 127 characters?
Is there an instructive image where I can see a spectrum and a spectrogram, side-by-side?
What are some languages with inflected future tense?
Is there a language that's as trialistic as English is dualistic?
What are some plausible patterns that could develop in alien languages?
Is Musa a Montenegrin Muslim female name?
Is there a formal term for when a word begins to be used in a broader sense than the original sense?
Downward entailing verbs: is the verb "remember" downward entailing?
What grammatical features do SOV languages often share?
Is plumminess pharyngealization? Plus: Deaffrication
What is a descendant?
Why is there no D-structure or S-structure within Minimalism
What is the relation of PIE *wers (“to confuse, mix up; to beat, thresh, grind”), *wert ("to turn, to rotate"), and *werb (“to bend, to turn”)?
Are there any European languages that read out dates in the order of year, month, day?
Any software that label a WAV file into phonemes
Are 'yesterday' and 'now' forms of the same lexeme?
Julius Caesar original name spelling?
Phonetically annotated speech corpus
Are these phrases downward entailing?
Context-free grammars
Status of ISLRN (International Standard Language Resource Number)?
Are there any languages where the first person cannot be an object?
How to write 'x said they would do y but...' in predicate logic?
Comprehensive phonological sketches post-SPE
Is phonology context free?
Assigning violations for optimality theory?
Is Turkish older than Bulgarian?
Why do we censor vowels, rather than consonants?
Are there languages where the tense depends on time elapsed between events?
Do more closely related languages, have more similar Zipfian distributions?
Looking for a thorough comparison of French and Spanish
Are there any languages that only allow CV syllables?
What are the best explanations for d-structure and s-structure in sentences?
Why is the second formant plotted as F2-F1 in vowel space plots?
Head to head movement (V to T) in Haitian Creole
Is there a language that has temporal noun modifiers?
Can you help identify a strange Devanagari symbol in a book that doesn't look like any Devanagari letters
What is the term for the formation of word groups with single meaning/function (e.g. "in relation to which") in lingustics
Does the French word for Friday, "vendredi", come from the Latin "Veneris" or the old Norse "Vanadis"?
How to determine the direction of conversion?
Antiphrasis vs. Auto-antonymy
glossary/dictionary corpus for NLP task
Is there a frequency-ranked corpus of Punjabi NAV lemmata?
high tone retention
What prevents certain grammatical forms to be analysed as one word?
Natural Language Processing Meta-Super-Dictionary
Has the letter ⟨u⟩ in english ever historically represented the phonemes /y/ or /ʏ/?
How to determine word frequency based on demographic? (Does a public library of word frequencies exist by demographic)
Why can increasing the speed of closing the vocal folds increases the loudness?
Get Praat version in script
Common gender in Swedish and gender equality
Realisations of T - affrication
Relationship between commonality/rarity and synonymy
Where did the use of the two auxiliaries in the Romance languages come from?
Are the English words "essence" and "essential" related to the Spanish word "ser"?
Fleece vowel - a long vowel or a diphthong?
How harmonic is speech?
Formal semantics explanation
Am I understanding semantic entailment correctly?
Translation of 'verbes symétriques' from French to English
Why are unrounded front vowels and rounded back vowels much more common than rounded front and unrounded back vowels?
Compounds: Comparing Hyphenated With Other Forms?
Does machine learning still need a better linguistic theory?
Periphrastic verb forms in Gothic
Why are there some sounds you can continue making and some you can’t?
Can a single vowel (or consonant) be pronounced in multiple ways (different place/manner of articulation)
How do languages with case deal with 'sentential arguments'?
Negation and Pronouns in Finnish
Generativist, Generative, Interpretive Semantics
'm' in the words meaning first person
Why does Hebrew transcribe Akkadian š inconsistently?
P2G Alignment Algorithm in Python (OS X)
Design Features of Human Language and their role in Chomskyan Linguistics
What are LPC coefficients?
Word Sense Disambiguation of Words Describing a Set of Documents
Which languages have absorbed the most vocabulary from Russian, and which languages have influenced its vocabulary?
What is the origins of this language from the Circassian family?
Similar demonstrative pronouns in several different East Asian language families
Do different alignments restrict what kind of word order a language can have?
How to extract meaning of colloquial phrases and expressions in English
What do the semicolon and period mean in semantics?
What is the concept of verb agreement with passive-active level in Hebrew?
formula for Brunét's index
where can i download ipa chart with audio offline?
I was called this recently by a friend but I can't remember what it was
Why are ㅔ and ㅐ referred to as diphthongs?
Reading IPA sentence
How to find words to other languages that have no clear translation in English
As French is a so-called Roman language, where are the cases?
Are there any languages where possessive nouns have to agree with the head noun?
What is the grammatical or syntax term for such a sentence structure?
Implementation of Jaccard Distance metric in nltk.metrics.distance not consistent with the mathematical definition?
Description of Czech consonants
What do these morphemes' abbreviated glosses mean?
The tree diagram of he refuted the allegation that he is gay
Can SBAR be the first tag of a sentence?
Is English the most descriptive language?
Semantic vs Pragmatic
What's the difference between לזכור and להיזכר in Modern Hebrew?
Etymology of the words ''Wave''
Where would I go to find a hierarchical list of occupations in English?
Etymology of the unit “Marc” (German►English)
Can the first auxiliary verb be the specifier of a VP in the X-Bar theory?
What is the difference between syntax and grammar?
Cultural bias in early modern Western linguistics
Patterns and trends for startup names
What's the term for a word which contains an affix?
Glides offset: ɪ/ʊ or j/w?
What constitutes a Long Distance Dependency, and how can it be quantified?
Catalan assimilation of 's' /s/ → [ʃ] after palatal consonants 'ny' /ɲ/ and 'll' /ʎ/
When Using "$", what specifically does it mean?
If I learn Persian/Farsi, could I be able to understand Uighur language?
The ate-eight split?
German corpus for grapheme-phoneme (G2P or P2G) mapping
When were numbers first used as code/shorthand for unrelated meanings?
Is capitalization a recurring feature across writing systems?
Mandarin Chinese and Antconc
Turkish voice to text speech recognition references
Is 'good bye" from an Asian origin?
What is the difference between double, secondary and primary articulation?
Ability to understand another language without studying it
eSpeak - Use transformation to IPA in Windows
Is there a language in which personal suffix precedes the temporal suffix in conjugation?
Greek prefix for zero - any examples?
How are nominal predicates expressed in active-stative languages?
Can two phonemic symbols represent the same sound?
Is the "r" in "universe" syllabic?
Linking surface and deep structure
Suffix -ed indicating current state
Is there a language where in declension number is affixed peripherally to case?
Is there a name for the phenomenon of some words being more deeply embedded in a language than others?
In what language and when did people first start saying "Good morning" / "Good Day" as a greeting?
Are there any languages that distinguish the thematic roles of theme and patient?
How is chapter related to head?
difference between the root, lemma and stem for a derived word
How to show a multichannel spectrogram in Praat?
Is there a standard ISO language code for ”other”?
Is "Brexit" an acronym?
Is there a term for the phenomenon of linking the end of a word to the beginning of the next word?
Measuring phonetic correlates of stress (intensity in particular)
What category is because?
Origins of "Mark" as "symbol"
The language of Macphersons Ossian
Meaning of "Prejacent"?
Is TRAY a container?
Word Lists of Various Languages
4 or 5: is thumb a finger? Distribution across languages
Discourse Structure: Taxonomy, Labels
How different are Chinese dialects?
How do ideophones and onomatopoeia work in English?
Why was the English 'so' imputed to the PIE *se-?
Are there examples of phonetic mood markers at syllable/word boundaries?
Why do most Austronesian and Polynesian languages have low consonant vowel ratio?
intonation in a list of items
Do language models ignore word order in the context?
When plotting vowel space, why does using F2-F1 better resemble the idealized vowel chart than using F1?
How do people deal with loanwords with highly alien phonemes?
Ago and on vs. in
Is it possible that a language's number system is inherently wrong?
Can these new etymological pairs of PIE roots be true?
Do case endings really make sentences shorter?
linguistics competitions?
'u' as a substition for 'v'
what’s the difference between ‘concept’ and ‘prototype’ as semantic terminologies?
davidsonian semantics
there is no relation between phonetic sounds and letters. explain?
How do we identify "words" in Chinese?
Syntax Explanation?
What software is used to make these X-bar trees?
Does the primary distinction of retroflex consonants lie in their effect on surrounding phonemes?
What is the first formant (F1) dependent on in reference to the vocal tract?
Do we have an Intonation "etymology"?
Why is it that Babylonian king names do not match their Akkadian equivalent?
Are there languages that don't allow sub-clauses?
Is either of these meanings of the word "sentence" more conventional?
Transitive phrasal verbs classification
What hebrew letter is this?
Do languages generally tend to avoid palindromic syllables?
What is the meaning of the number 2 in Proto-Indo European reconstructions? e.g. As in *tewtéh₂, meaning "people" or "tribe"
Are there words for "second cousin twice removed" in other languages?
Are there languages that distinguish "us-not-you" from "us-including-you"?
Explanation of Element Theory?
What are the main features of an agglutinative language?
(How) Can one create a language in a classroom setting?
How to proceed with this Maasai translation?
What functional motivations are there for the choice of light verb constructions over full verbs?
Translation request cursive
What's the deal with universal grammar?
Why do Americans and Canadians pronounce "t" with flap [ɾ] in unstressed syllables in English?
Why do so many languages have both an alveolar "light L" [l] and a velarized "dark L" [ɫ] allophone?
To what extent do different languages allow different understanding of reality?
"in relation to which" - what type of subordinated clause and is this conjunction somehow distinct?
What is the intuition behind the rules of Hobbs Algorithm?
What is this phonetic alphabet called?
Similarity, Relatedness and Association
Can a VP be defined to include a subject in subject-verb inversion?
Are there languages featuring "reversed affricates" as phonological segments?
Balinese independent numerals partial reduplication
"As long as", "So long as", in logic (ambiguity?)
Is ending a sentence with a possessive considered informal?
Is the lowercase first letter of a proper noun common in the Swazi language?
Are there some languages that do not have infinitives/participles/gerunds?
When did Nguni languages like Zulu adopt capitalisation of proper noun roots?
Is there any language where the past tense is the base form of a verb?
Are Andean and Tibetan languages connected?
Deducing a rule out of set of examples
Is gasoline, wine, coca-cola an artifact?
Luna and לבנה, two similar ancient words for "moon"
Is there a source displaying when and where a word was first attested?
Unicode points for Arabic dotless letters
Why passive light v is defective?
Why is it often the "large" one between the two words for a polar dimension that is marked?
What is the nature of the distinction when a semivowel is surrounded by its corresponding vowel?
Why is it usually not ambiguous to nominalize a verb, but it is to verbalize a noun?
Why does common vernacular end up being the de facto way of speaking over-time?
How can be these two types of adjective distinguished terminologically?
direct object and indirect object
Distribution of Tonal and Click Languages
How did Norwegian "huske" derive from ON "hugsa"?
suffixes, infixes and interfixes: help with terminology
What is it called when a new word is replaced by a more familiar one?
Why is Hangul (Korean script) not considered an Abugida
List of Hungarian toponyms by interior/surface case
What were the Proto-Bantu -ATR vowels?
Help with distributional analysis of verb phrases
(A)Telicity & Events
What language pairs are underserved, and would most benefit from machine-learned bilingual tools?
Please explain the following contrast in grammaticality in syntax
What are cognates of "fuck" in other Indo-European languages?
Is it possible that whole relative clause refers/describes one word/phrase in the main clause (without anaphora)?
Praat will not recognize regular expressions
Formal semantics (Montague, type-theoretical) of adverbial clauses
Formal semantics (Montague, type-theoretical) of noun clauses
Search tool question
Zellig Harris and the alphabet
Merging languages depending on arbitrary ratios (lerping between languages)
What are the various approaches to detect whether a sentence is complete or not?
How Standard Average European is Modern Hebrew?
Are there any languages that have words for open and closing quotation marks in speech?
What does CGEL mean by 'instability in the system' in their explanation of case?
Why are the reconstructed forms of PIE root in Etymonline and Wiktionary different?
Choice of phonemic symbol for /b/, /d/, /g/, /ʝ/ in Spanish
The origins of PIE *-nt- and *-to-
"Den" or "det" in Swedish
Is there any evidence of language contact between the Inuit and Ainu languages?
Do any spoken languages readily express boolean logic without ambiguity?
Why did the pronunciation of the rhotic phoneme /r/ change after the 2ndWW in public speech?
Absence of vowel combination /ou/ in Spanish
X-bar Theory WH and DP movements
English verbs requiring PP
Words being marked for agreement, and prepared speech
What features are good for dependency parsing?
Dependency parsing that preserves structural ambiguities?
What was the original pronunciation of 'ä' in German?
Linguistic theory of "signs"
Why say "PC vs Macs"
Language where baby's first word is a swear word
Imperative + pronoun
Is There A Text Reducing Tool Via Synonyms?
Early Middle English diphthongs
Unicode point for Alef with a cap above?
Is there vowel harmony in the way to pronounce re-?
What are the best books to study Phonology at an introductory level?
Incoordination (sentence-initial equivalents of "and")
"uitsluitend", logic of its double meaning
Can I report a multivariate effect in a two-way repeated measures ANOVA?
What are the open-source tools available for Czech text normalization (for spoken transcription)?
What is the state of the art for diacritic restoration?
A concept called extreme-opposites
Linear order preserving syntactic trees
What is "case"?
Phenomenon or phrase describing the understanding of words out of context
Do natively bilingual people have accents in one or both of their languages?
difference between c-command and dominance
Which other languages have discontinuous dependencies and how are cross or long ones managed in them?
How to differentiate [æ] and [a] in feature theory?
Are English modal verbs tensed or non-tensed?
Languages with nominalized verbs that specify the thematic relation of its possessor
Grammatical Case for Noun Phrase in English
What does one call a similar inflections of a root with different morphological classes as?
When does the "dark l" sound in English date back to?
Academically reliable calculator of Gunning Fog Index
Is there such thing as a 'hyperphrase'?
Learning control over formants and sounds energy distributions
What causes suppletion?
When did countries other than Russia adopt new Latin-letterform-style Cyrillic?
Doesn't Sanskrit use adpositions of any kind?
Is longish an inflected form of long or a lexeme?
How can I do data augmentation for text classification?
Can a written language get away without punctuation marks?
Prepositional phrases ‘fronting’ a sentence
What type of error are missing diacritics?
Is the voiceless alveolar affricate, [t͡s], phonetically present in General American?
Are the diphthongs "ae" and "ea" essentially identical?
Are there any languages with a case system like Esperanto's?
How do I translate a DARPA phonetic alphabet transcription into an IPA transcription
What is does mean in the stated link when the author uses "ordinary signs"
Whats the average duration of English phonemes?
Are there any minimal pairs for German lax/tense vowels?
Are non-restrictive relative clauses adjuncts or modifiers?
What are the best books to study generative syntax?
How is a meaningful sentence or paragraph constructed?
Why are phonemes called “mental” objects
How broad should the corpora be to describe the grammar of a proficient speaker?
What do introductory non-finite clauses modify?
Drawing D structure trees
If speech language was before written language, isn't non verbal before speech?
how to draw a tree digram in syntax
Bing Translate isn't same as the previous translation
"He kept a black book in his desk." Is "in his desk" an adjunct or a complement?
what does the average lemmatization length tell us about a body of text?
When was Proto-Italic spoken?
Do all colonized countries use formal second pronouns person in daily life?
Why is [la] widely used as a substitution for singing? Is it a worldwide phenomenon?
What are the structural similarities that exist common to all languages?
Over what percentage of acceptance of a phrase is looked on as natural use?
Which friend did he find to study with?
Where do personal pronouns come from?
Why does saying the word "fuck" help vent frustration?
Relationship between topics and speech acts/dialogue acts in a sentence
Syntax- X-bar theory- verbal Domain
Is there any theoretical explanation of putting infinitive clause at the beginning?
Prepositional Phrases
How do we know the definition and meaning of words like "though"
How many different vowels are there?
Is there a threshold of usage of a word, below which it will become an archaism?
What book introduces sound for laypeople trying to learn phonetics, but who loathe physics?
Find theme or topic by a set of words
What statistical test is appropriate in a corpus analysis of pronoun resolution preferences?
One usage of infinitive clause
Deriving context from alien signal
Which is closer to Biblical Hebrew - Modern Hebrew, or Modern Arabic?
Calculating conceptual similarity of distinct languages
Are there languages which have ways to distinguish between an adjunct noun and an adjective?
Is the choice of /eɪ/ over /æ/ in 'flaky' arbitrary?
The letter "ff" in the name “Richard ffrench”?
Is there a universal basis for consonants vs vowels?
Does Sanskrit निस् • (nis) "out, forth, away" come from PIE *ni- "in; down?" with meaning shift from "in" to "out"?
What is the term describing a word using in the definition of another word?
Dotless noon (ں) gets a dot in non-final positions
Did modern Farsi lose its casual word for yes?
what is the (pan) linguistic term for "scare-quotes" intonation
Language Acquisition in Children from single parent
Sentence stress detection
Are the characters in some writing systems more or less visually distinctive than in others?
Online tool for IPA pronunciation synthesis
How to tag_pos in nltk for a language that is not English?
Where do I find datasets for linguistic phylogenetics?
Are there languages with agreement classes similar to gender but for other parts of speech?
Python list to Parse tree
Infinitive clauses referring to an adjective before a noun
What is the difference between "As if!" and other similar discourse markers?
What is the best preserved Polynesian language?
When corpus data suggests a word is common in a language?
How to write phonological rules this words?
Which free resource to find word frequency?
What is the pronunciation of English word "feeling" in General American accent? The normal sound [ˈfilɪŋ] or add the "l" sound, [ˈfiɫ lɪŋ]?
"Who lives there" vs "Who live there?"
Does metonymy impart new definitions to words?
How did French take over Walloon in Belgium?
Are there examples of decreolization by which the creole language develops toward the substrate language?
Why does Laam sometimes get pronounced as the next letter in Arabic words?
Corpus for simple or basic english
Precise timing measurement in Praat / .wav files
How to convert a vocal tract constriction variables (TVs) values to articulation features
Are names of dishes more prone to name change due to power / language shift?
what theories of idioms cover depth of idiomaticity?
What's the difference between articulatory features and articulatory gestures?
Sociolinguistics and slang
Is there any superstrate influence of Old East Norse left in East Slavic languages?
Any languages that don't have consecutive letters?
Andrea Bocelli Aspiration
Is it possible for two Semitic (e.g. Arabic, Hebrew) words with the same triliteral root to have different origins?
tones in autosegmental phonology
What was the function of the Lycian spelling m̃m and ñn
What's the agent and patient in a causative clause
Why is there not passive imperative?
Can modern Icelanders really read the Prose Edda?
Is there a better series of sentences for observing features of a language?
This/that: a determiner or pronoun?
What is the oldest language that we know enough about to construct a plausible sentence in it?
What are some of the most divergent cognate word forms?
Differences among Chinese, Tibetan, and Burmese
What is Songhay's Family?
Possible extrapolation of old German word "hansa" to protogermanic and possibly common root with Sanskrit "sangha"
Sounds that are treated as phonetically equivalent
Instrumental - nominative inversion in Polish
The most relative for ə sound in Arabic
regression analysis
What books give a comprehensive analysis of intermorphemic consonant clusters in English?
Is a full stop a morpheme?
JSON for corpora
Does an approved glossary of translation industry terms exist?
Arabic /R/ - correct pronunciation in Modern Standard Arabic
Languages w/out morphology
Why aren't linguists formally trained in etymology?
Isn't it obvious that linguists must specialize in language contact to study the history of English?
What did Sapir intend to say when he wrote that 'whither' repeats all of 'where'?
What is the past tense of 'yeet'?
Gold in French, light in Hebrew
Does the recursive capability of Merge demonstrate the productivity of human language?
All usage of the term fossilization in Linguistics and applied linguistics
Inclusive pronouns—can there be more than one?
Resource for getting agentive noun from verb automatically
Three questions regarding the distinctions between certain broad and slender sounds in Irish
Extension of "synesis"
Is it plausible there will be an established form of European English in the future?
Where did the irregulars come from in the Spanish preterite?
Is Italian the only modern language that uses the feminine 3rd person singular pronoun for formal speech?
Difference between tense & Grammatical aspect?
Mapping the pulmonic consonants in English to its corresponding place of articulation
Can determiner/noun pairs not be noun phrases?
Is there a linguistic notion of a "static" vs "dynamic" noun?
Why are the scripts of Crete known as "Linear"?
Are any of the 'interslavic' constructed languages actually intelligible with any natural slavic languages?
Is there a language where semantic aspect determines which tense is unmarked in a verb?
Stolen, part of speech
Does "to" correspond to verb inflection in X-bar theory?
Are there languages that have different forms of "we"?
How did « admettre » semantically generalize to signify 'confess'?
Are there any languages that mark plural before the noun, while everything else comes after?
Selective fluency - is it a thing?
Phraseology definition
Difference between English and French in the use of subjunctive mood in counter factual protasis
French - when is 'r' pronounced as /x/ and when is it pronounced /ʁ/?
How many different vowels can be reliable annotated?
Why do some languages distinguish between "identical" and "indistinguishable", and others don't?
Is there any epenthesis in German by which "eins" sounds like "eints" and how frequent is the phenomenon?
Is there a language where another verb form is simpler/more basic than the imperative?
"In his desk(,) he kept a black book." Is "in his desk" a preposed complement here?
Genocide vs. genticide
Does syntactic stress exist?
Language aesthetics
Correct to say that accent defines the mapping between phones and phonemes?
How common is it for languages to be head-first as often as they are head-final?
Case of Nominal Associate in Clauses with Exceptional case-marking
Voiced aspirated alveolar trill
Is there any detailed documentation of VerbNet's semantic representation?
Are there languages that ban t+S (esh) sequences but have a č phoneme?
What are the features that distinguish a velar /k/ from an uvular /q/ in a spectrogram?
What’s a good example a language phenomena in which f0 is NOT correlated to pitch?
How to differentiate between adjuncts and complements? Specifically when the sentence has two prepositional phrases
What are the most relevant ways to store expressions in NLP?
'sibling-in-law' constructions: Why the polysemy/vagueness?
How to quantify and compare different ways of segmenting and transliterating (reading) a text in terms of uncertainty/leeway?
Difference between sounds and segments
Is calling a spelling "defective" acceptable in the linguistics of languages other than Hebrew/Aramaic?
Do the WALS chapters cover the core grammatical structure of Spanish?
How often are dictionary etymologies wrong?
Trying to make sense of "...but voiced obstruents are not always voiced"
Why do the most common words children say contain bilabial consonants?
For X to be considered a language, it must possess a partial function from sequences of _____ to meanings. What word goes in the blank?
Why are three tags necessary for the IOB format? What problem would be caused if we used I and O tags exclusively?
How to write tag patterns to match noun phrases containing plural head nouns?
Is it possible to read the narrow IPA transcription of one's native/fluent language as effortlessly and quickly as its conventional orthography?
Is there any specific term for "English-originated?
How to analyse stops place of articulation?
Looking for minimal pairs showing lenis/fortis distinction (preferably for German pronunciation)
How did 'narrow' semantically shift to mean 'strong'?
What does John McWhorter intend to say by 'internal surmise'?
How did 'man's time on earth' semantically shift to mean the 'earth' itself?
Why was the Passive Present Progressive judged vulgar compared to the Active Present Continuous?
What does it mean for written language to be "less something that we be than something that we do after having been"?
Is there truly no semantic notion that underlies the prefix 'for-'?
Why is [n] easy to be velarized efter a back rounded vowel?
'What one didn't see was anything' is weird. So why has it persisted?
Does "Je n’ai jamais vu personne" truly have triple negatives? Isn't 'ne' the only negative?
Why do "determining" and "determined" have different lemmas?
Reversal of kinship terms when speaking to a child
The background reason of the way of conjugation of Romanian verbs (indicative present tense) for -a ending verbs
dictionary middle norwegian
How does optimality theory handle opacity?
Minimal English: Lack Of Clarity And Redundancy
/l/ environments in English and Introductory Phonology by Bruce Hayes
Terminology around non-word, but word-like, structures
Are there any languages with only one of "yes" or "no"?
Pattern to Prefixes and Suffixes in English
How can you know that a word in a sentence is a verb?
How to transcribe 'courage' in IPA
Corpora with graph data base like neo4j
Apical postalveolar approximant [ɹ̺] and retroflex approximant [ɻ]: What is the difference?
What is the 'short step' between 'acquiring certain habits of thought' and 'a NEW LANGUAGE by which to adjust itself to a wider universe'?
In romance languages, are there examples of male names that derive from female names?
How does 'like a book' befit the Translative, and not Essive, Case?
Is There A Limit To Valency/Transitivity?
Vowel Deletion and Allophone variation in Japanese High Vowel Clusters?
What do full stops represent in IPA?
What does "referentiality" mean?
Is there a term when two words have swapped definitions in one language or dialect compared to another?
is voicing continuous in a voiced fricative?
Do Nasal Consonants Require Nostrils?
Why do I speak more accurately in English rather than my native language?
Why is the English phoneme /θ/ pronounced like /t/ in Indian accents but /s/ in Chinese accents?
Pedagogical term "adverbial" is covered with which terms in generative grammar?
Problems of adding ToBI Manual command on Praat
What impact does it bring if the tone values of a tone language are generally lowered?
At what point does a language become its descendant?
Possible diachronic developments of th sounds
Why would "But" function as its own clause in Hunt's (1965) T-unit and clause system?
Does the English "Garden" come from the French "Jardin" or the German "Garten"?
Fission in Distributed Morphology - how does it work?
Can we use the reverse of mental priming to get out of the 'Mary's Room' problem?
Dental and labiodental fricatives with different relative positions of the articulators
Syntactic and semantic ambiguity
Can we use etymology to determine the nature of synchronic semantic and morphosyntactic differences between (near-)synonyms?
What is the syntax of "second" in phrases like "the second most common problem"?
Meaning of suffix -tai in Greek
What is the linguistic explanation of the phenomenon in "affirmative action"?
Phonological rule for realizations of Italian /s/
How did Gk. ταινία "band, ribbon" come from PIE *tn̥-yā- < *ten- "to stretch"?
Nicknames in Various Historical Cultures
Does Gestalt theory tell us anything about syntax?
What is the term used for the opposite of a construct form?
Term for when acronyms are the same in more than one language?
Neural Language Model for Transfer Learning
Specification of Dependency Grammar
Is Russian "там [холодно]" a case of degrammaticalization?
What is the etiology of the word for ‘pyramid’
Connections between categories of type logical grammar and categories of combinatory categorial grammar?
Does German have periphrastic causative constructions?
Discourse/Rhetorical structure in poetic writings
PIE *kom 'with, side by side' or PIE *ḱóm?
Are the set of Dutch tussenvoegsels finite?
What part of speech is "group" when used in a construct like "people group," or "product group"
Are contour tone system and complex consonant clusters compatible in phonotactics?
Why and how do some words come to mean multiple completely unrelated things?
What is the definition of a causally coherent text?
Does it make any sense when saying someone's grammar was wrong?
Why does matching any root of a question to any root of potential answers gives better text understanding results?
What are the inventories for minimalist approach?
directed graph representation of LF
The letter V in German, its sounds and visual symbolism
Are there written languages that commonly start direct speech without marking?
Why did German <d> and <t> flip over?
How to extract example sentences from linguistics papers
Hungarian and Slovak language border pidgin
Does a generative grammar of the English language exist?
Do we have to revise what we know about Thracian?
What is this sentence structure called?
german phonology
Algorithm for figuring out the pronunciation of a word
On the LSA Summer Linguistic Institute
Complete list of sounds in all languages (IPA)
The literal/figurative distinction and its test
Do linguists ever learn another language just to increase their own knowledge of linguistics?
If there is a rolling `g`, or a few other sounds, found in any language
How far ahead we look when parsing and understanding text
Axioms in English: If we try to find the root meaning of every English word in the dictionary,which word will we land on the most
Do animal sounds have linguistic symbols or classifications?
"Character sets" for top 100 languages (as opposed to Unicode)
The language with the most sounds or variation
Is punctuation necessary in written language?
Do any languages not have the concept of "words"?
What are the "expressive" parts of a language actually called?
How can I identify Grammatical Categories in a sentence?
What exactly a morpheme is
What is the term for a word made from a sentence?
Example of a tenseless sentence
What is the Theta Role of "It" in "It seemed that ..."
What is the correct term for reading hieroglyphs ideographically in a different language (if there is a term for it)?
If the Romanization of Logographic (and other) Languages is Fully Accurate
Dataset of subject-verb-object/adverb-verb/adjective-noun pairs
Types of Sound Variations (Like Accents and Tones) in Languages
Is there a grammatical case indicating displacement?
The reason some languages write down the accents while others don't
How to remove an accent from a language (and what an accent actually is)
The anatomy of the L sound
Most complex examples of tones in tonal languages
German vowel charts with phonetic accuracy
If these letter pairs are used to distinguish two words in any language
How would a simple efficient language look like?
Most complex examples of timing in written or spoken languages
If any of these stranger human voice sounds have IPA annotations
Complex example of a language with a word that is a complete English sentence
Why languages have the concept of "the"
Latest research on the meaning of prepositions
Definition of "concept" and "conceptual field in cognitive linguistics
Is there a term for 'relative' tenses?
Where this notation comes from and what it means
If we can say the following sounds when whispering
Can we simulate the pronunciation of sounds that we can't make?
How agglutinative languages affect comprehension
Are there languages where the imperative of "to be" (as in "be happy") is non-existent or achievable through vastly different means?
Why are phonemic transcriptions necessary, when phonetic transcriptions are more detailed (and more helpful for language learners)?
Does a written language exist with 1 symbol for every word?
What is the story behind the pronunciation of Logic?
Finding fundamental particles of sound In ASR systems?
Words with the hightest frequency that are not Collocates of each other (inside a text corpora)
What exactly is the Japanese 'u' sound?
How many languages can a person reasonably know?
Are words in form of verbs and adjectives abstract concepts
Is there distinct jargon for syllabaries depending on their inventory?
List of vowel and consonant sequences across languages
If there is a pattern to Chinese characters
How intelligible are German and Dutch to each other?
Do North and South Korean accents in Mandarin differ significantly?
Can 'syntactic structure' be 'polysemous'?
Understanding 5-tone register systems
To phonate [ɹ], is there a picture for pressing tongue tip against the lower gum and raising tongue's blade to the mouth's roof?
Why d͡z is not considered two consonants
Diagram of all IPA sound places
Why was 'grammar' chosen to signify the model of linguistic competence, when 'grammar' was already strikingly polysemous?
Why are pronouns considered grammatical (functional) morphemes?
Why long vowels are considered vowels and not 2 vowels
Why is sign language different from spoken language?
Germanic Philology: "translate" a word from indoeuropean language to the germanic language
How many ways are there to produce alveolo-palatal fricatives?
Are ideophones product of ideasthesia?
Transposition of words in questions
Why vowels sound different from each other
Audio library for all IPA vowels and consonants
The breakdown of the word "strength" or "cheap" or "sheep"
Why r, h, and w aren't vowels
Suppletion of Spanish "matar" (to kill) by "morir" (to die) in the passive
Is a vowel only writing system possible?
How these close sounds are distinguished in native language
Where can I find lists of homophonic heterographs that overlapped accidentally?
Is there a term for when a word is repeated with a different starting consonant?
Extracting LPC coefficients in Praat
Why are vowels said to be segments produced with no obstruction whatsoever?
Is each definition of a word a separate lexeme?
Ontology of logogram, pictogram and ideogram
How can you test whether a word is being used as a conjunction?
Language in England during 1066
Is there a word that describes when supposed word translations have different meaning?
With how much certainty can we say that all languages have at least one word with a secondary stress?
Is a word form defined solely by its grapheme sequence? Can two lexemes have a shared word form?
Have linguistics found any evidence that Semitic languages influenced Germanic languages or vice versa (in ancient times)?
In phonation vids the vocal cords don't close completely or very fast, but according to authors they're suposed to. Why this difference in data?
Etymology of a word "Egg" in different languages
When should I use /ə/ or /ɪ/ and why does it seem like they're not used correctly?
Complete NL formalisms w/out syntax
Does anyone know if there are plans for a 'successor' to Huddleston and Pullum (CamGEL or CGEL)?
Missing IPA symbols
What parentheses and tildes mean in IPA / phonology chart
Phonetic english alphabet using diacritical marks?
Why is there a "delay" when changing registers, and how to minimize it?
Why English is missing some phoneme sequences (/aʊv/ or /aʊp/)
How complex contour tones get in languages
How VSO or SOV languages deal with nouns with lots of adjectives
Transcripts for Languages with Few Resources (Such as Native American Languages)
Understanding the purpose of determiners/articles/demonstratives in language
Why not just use demonstratives instead of determiners
The difference between [h] and [ħ]
How "the case system collapses" in e.g. Latin
Are alternative pronunciations (with or without alternative spellings) different word forms from each other?
Difference between sociolinguistics and pragmatics
General American English words for IPA vowel sounds
How to write IPA for a slovenian word Midva?
Why are anaphonic antonyms regarded as chance by many linguistic historians
Looking for vowels (in phoneme tier, 2) within specific words(in word tier, 1) in Praat textgrid
How Nesting Verbs Works (and if it is Even Possible)
How VSO (Verb-Subject-Object) works
Are There Any Monophthong [o] Words in English?
What is the technical term for alternative spellings?
Parsing a sentence with the noun as the Predicator
How can we use the same word in multiple different ways and distinguish the senses so easily?
Looking for Spanish email or chat corpora
The most different meanings a verb has been found to have
Lemmas that fit semantic restrictions of arguments in verbnet
References to languages lacking morphology in scientific literature
Relationship of senses across parts of speech
Can "It's not it" be expressed in any language in less than 3 words
Why have we come up with symbols for secondary articulation?
Why some verbs have -tion while others don't, when being nounified
Terminology for chained, nested adjective anatomy
What is the articulatory nature of [lʲ] and how is it normally lenited world wide, especially compared to [l]?
How can all languages be considered equally "good" at expressing ideas when language had to evolve from something more primitive?
Is a language without inflection a language without subject?
Example of a language with tones, stress, and umlauts all in one (or something more complex)
Phonetic mapping between English accents
habitual aspect in english
Example of stress or tone on a consonant
Jobs in Historical Linguistics
What do you call the revival of an obsolete word for a new meaning
Extract time from frames in LPC objects
Verifying these resources are accurate written representations for each language using Latin script
Techniques for translating a text
Is Daniel Jones' cardinal vowel system auditorily or articulatorily based?
How to annotate "popping" vs. non-popping sounds of sequential consonants
If diacritics cause duplication in IPA
The difference between a regular consonant and a syllabic consonant
How to annotate the difference between blended vowels and non-blended vowels
Types of "stress" in language
How can we get the precise articulation resulted from adding diacritics?
Is concrete noun member of abstract noun
The languages with the most complicated grammars
Complete guide to cross-language grammar
If a syllabic consonant can be a plosive
If there is really an /ə/ between /dəɹ/ in "quandary"
What are the best NLP sentence alignment tools?
If romanization can be reversed (back to original script) in some languages
What is this "Freeze" language?
Are European Union parallel multilingual texts ideal for machine learning of machine translation?
Fricative Alveolar Trill?
Explaining Grammatical "Mood" for the Laymen
What do you call the process of resolving the subject of a conjunct?
Does (or should) the terms "spoken language" and "speech" include signed language?
Accurately representing stress
What ways do you know to encourage people to come up with different ways of saying the same thing?
Sandhi vs Assimilation?
Are alveolar stops really alveolar stops?
If there is a version of linguistics that doesn't break sentences into tree structures
The Theory Against Syllables
Languages without orthographic stress marks that still have words that differ based on stress
Are Hindi: muskān and Russian: usméška cognates? (Noun smile)
Metalanguage to describe expressing an idea in many different ways
How similar are Norwegian and Swedish compared to Dutch and Flemish / German?
What makes certain sounds linguistically "rarer" than others?
Different ways to interpret stressed words in a sentence
Libs or APIs for removing background noise from voice input?
How do you draw a syntax tree for a sentence with a dummy subject?
How does Stanford SemgrexPattern tree matcher work?
Software for finding syllogisms in treebank data?
Syntax relative clause
Is it a causative morpheme or a modal morpheme?
What languages do without "to"
What linguistic impact, if any, has the the Roman three name naming system left on modern Romance and European languages?
proper terms for tipper and dipper S articulation
Why can 'that' be included in that-clauses, but must be omitted whenever constituents are questioned?
How did students learn semantics, if it were belittled from 1910-1965?
How can communication can be direct and nonliteral?
Why did Grice claim that the implicature is not “a part of what is said”?
What does it mean to claim something about the phonemic or allophonic status of a speech sound?
Is the phoneme /a/ in Castilian Spanish pronounced differently in "pan" than in "papa"?
Looking for a character like the greek theta, θ, but with two middle lines
Determining the head of the sentence
Neural Net advances in textual entailment and mathematical semantics/logic view on it
Automatic secondary articulator
How linguists select phonemes to construct an alphabet for a language
Authentic, native word for a "hypergiant" in Hebrew?
Where the nasal-ness comes in
Some questions on pieces missing from the IPA sheet
non-aspirated voiceless stops versus their voiced counterparts before a vowel
Is it possible to talk about two different phonemes if they always have the same manifestations?
What factors can be involved and make a compensation when different heights don't make difference among vowels?
Why do swear words mean the same thing in both English and Spanish (possibly more languages)
How to find the 'average' of a word
Pronunciation of Fermat in Gascon/Occitan
If these superscripts can be considered consonant clusters
How linguists determine the sounds a speaker is performing
If any phonologies / languages make a distinction between voiced/voiceless nasals, approximants, vowels, trills, or flaps
Why does John Batchelor record these vowels for Ainu?
Portuguese: Inconsistencies in use of second person pronouns and conjugation
Please describe the environment in which the following sounds occur and write a rule to describe the sound patterns
How similar are Talmy and Wierzbicka's theories of semantic primes?
I have some questions about deciphering an ancient language
In what ways does Arabic use letters as orthographic signs without phonetic significance?
Vowel Change in Europe Book
Do English passive verbs assign case? (Government and Binding Theory)
Do animal names correspond with verbs that have to do with their use to humans or their observed behaviour?
"there" and "everything" in linguistics is a "pronoun" or "noun"?
What's the difference between 'concept' and 'meaning'?
Dataset/Database similar to WALS in Vowel/Phonology
How do we set comparative adverbs, from expressions like "more than x" on the syntax tree?
Would anything bad happen if we made our alphabet represent the phonemes more accurately?
List Of Common English Syntax Ambiguities?
Given both a word and the corresponding IPA, how to match/map the letters together?
Syntax tree for this sentence
Why is "Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani" transliterated with a Chi in Matthew and Mark?
Understanding the property of complementhood
In "internet Linguistics" theory, does David Crystal include sociolinguistic patterns as affecting language changes?
Good audio resources for the ejective consonants
System for intermixing IPA with Orthography
Other languages like English whose orthography is "not quite" phonetic
How to do the Xhosa clicks
What IPA does in these complex cases
What the palatalized [ʲ] means
How tone shifting actually works - How a speaker navigates the register space
Looking for tool to split german text into sentences
Why Creole languages aren't the default
If there are cases of tense or plural as separate words like particles
Why Do We Say "The Same"?
Does short throat or stronger constriction cause a higher F3 in a vowel spectrum and why?
Are the vowel charts of male and female the same regardless of scale?
A good agglutinative language for learning about agglutinating features
In the sound change [t] to [ð], what steps would normally take place in which order?
Configurational assignment of accusative case?
No Semantic Prime For Forming A Question?
How to construct a grammar given a text and a dictionary
Example of language with lots of agglutination/fusion/inflection without a lot of regularity
"Peter sang a song to Julie", Is "to Julie" is an adjunct or complement?
What is a loan creation?
Misunderstanding quantifier floats
Do sign languages have words?
What is the view of prototype theory regarding features?
Why is the preposition treated as the head of a prepositional phrase?
Should Japanese postpositions be treated as belonging to the same category as English prepositions?
The determiner "a" in lambda form
Algorithm for identifying "secondary roots"
Are there established linguistic theories which incorporate the concept of "lazy speech"?
Which sub-dialect /accent of Spanish is the most removed from Northern Spain Spanish?
What is the full distinction between creoles and other natural languages?
Which dialect/accent of English has the most/least sounds?
Are there any computational linguists who still use prolog?
Where can I find an analysis of the semantic overlap of English "to have" and "with"?
Sources on statistics of phonological properties of languages
The rule of location of stress in English verbs
Are there languages that don't have "mom"?
Are the English word "charm" and Russian word "чары" etymologically related?
Are people's names considered morphemes of a language?
Triggering emotions with language
How does one deal with sentences starting with a connective?
How does the Natural Semantic Metalanguage deal with proper names?
Question about metathesis
Noun inflection in which IE language is close to PIE noun inflection?
What's the difference between V2 word order and OVS word order?
Are there any languages which inflect the noun for morphosyntactic categories normally reserved for verbs (e.g. tense, aspect, etc.)?
Words per minute - language list?
How do people discern different plosives without formant transition?
How to differentiate the abbreviations for preposition and prepositional case in interlinear glossing?
Online collection of the world languages' melodic patterns?
What is the proper terminology for "I touch" in this sentence?
What is the maximum number of IPA diacritics that can be added on a vowel?
Does each Japanese copula, だ, な, に, introduce a new clause?
Second language learning and immersion among native speakers
What are all of the possible punctuation that are used within words in the majority of languages?
Language where negation is the default
NSM explication for 'left'?
Sentences with names missing when translated to English
Drawing trees for DP's and Sentences
Over generalization of high context and low context culture theory
What might account for different numbers of formants in plots of male and female speakers pronouncing the same vowel?
Is there an Old English word meaning RAPIDS or RIFFLE (a rocky shoal causing a rapid)?
Does English have syllabic fricatives (allophonically)?
Can the Hebrew word translated "made" in Genesis 1 be translated as prepared or used?
Word with separate translations in another language
'Interstitial' tones in Thai
How do you call a languages tendency to adopt foreign words rather than translate them to their language?
How does phonemic variation in vowel quantity (but not quality) work in e.g. songs?
Stark differences in French and German
Cross-linguistic study of distribution of number of verbal arguments
Origin of h as a modifier letter
What is the history of ‘history’?
Is this noun phrase a constituent of the given sentence?
How did the complexities of Arabic cardinals arise?
Is there such a thing as an articulatory home base for a given language, and how could it be characterized?
Drawing case specified trees for english gerunds
Is it appropriate to say that [ɕ] is an intermediate form of [ʃ ç]?
IPA Pronunciation of Unvoiced Consonants Seems Like Voiced
What could be the antonym to the word "hyperonym"?
How different were proto Italic and proto Celtic?
“We was” and other dialectical variants
Textbook suggestions for French phonology
What calls the phenomenon that the sounds of two synonyms mix together and form an expression with the same meaning?
Why do retroflex and postalveolar fricatives sound so similar despite the quite different positions of the tongue?
Which Romance Language retains the most words from Celtic?
Why does the ASL fingerspelling sign shaped like an 'x' represent R, not X?
Textbook suggestion for undergrad intro to (phonetics/phonology,) morphology and syntax course
How do generativists account for apparent diachronic processes that cause errors in linguistic performance to become cemented as competence?
Finite Nominalised Clauses
What language(s) should I learn to read the Epic of Gilgamesh?
Does "tetrahedrization" make sense?
Formants - beyond F2
Interpreting formant intensity
Generative vs Constructionist POV on Imperative's null subject
criteria to distinguish resultative from stative participles?
How common is it for languages using non-Latin alphabets to borrow English words while keeping both (transliterated) spelling and pronunciation?
Is there a variety of Yiddish where /ɛ/ can be raised to [e]?
Is there a General European English Accent?
multiple raising verb in a sentence
Term For A Prepositional Phrase With A Verb?
Why is there an x in French deux?
Halegannada/Proto-South Dravidian Phonological Changes
Is "indirect object" syntactically definable or useful, in English or generally?
Statistical Methods in Etymology
Is there any dialect of English with clusivity?
Rhotic gutturalization in French
Which is the most accepted case theory from a generative syntax perspective?
Why are "two instances of /r/ in one word" awkward?
How did /hw/ become spelled <wh>?
How are words in native English part of the vocabulary typically so short to forestall morphemic spelling?
Jiang & Conrath when two words are the same
Why we use altepetl in Nahuatl, not atepetl?
What is configurational case assignment?
In what ways did the Insular Indic languages morphologically diverge from Maharashthri Prakrit?
Free variation in French
Question about nasal vowels in IPA
Can Native Americans of different linguistic background still communicate using sign language?
How should the `y` in `Hornby` be pronounced
How to determine entity relationships for a proper noun
Do any languages allow merging of two sentences without punctuation?
Do we assume Tense head for tenseless languages?
From a systemic functional approach, what would a transitivity analysis of 'be that as it may' show?
What is the difference between "domain" and "register"?
Classification of -s added to English words
Which alphabetic writing system first had spaces between words?
Why is *"Where did you move from Paris to?" ungrammatical?
Is there a variation in the point of articulation for the alveolar tap depending on word?
Verbose tree diagram drawer for MP
Conversational Storytelling Techniques
Morphophonology of changing adjectives to nouns
What fraction of compound phonemes actually exist in natural language?
Name for the view that ambiguities in natural language are imperfections of it?
Why not use a Lookup taggers?
Minimalism - a question about a property of merge operation
Statistical approaches to determining topic
What is the etymology of the word, "own."
Differences in Naive Bayes Classifier NLTK, same code, different answers?
How to apply TF-IDF on my bows after generating frequencies
For each word in a corpus, find how many senses it has according to WordNet
What books to read about lexical semantics?
Can sociolinguistic research contribute in solving L2 learning problem?
'm' of predication vs. nominal sentence in Middle Egyptian
How to call Turkish to Ascii character conversion?
Does a coherent sentence which is a cross language homophone exist?
Linguistic theoretical frameworks
What type of stress does French have
What is the etimology of the ancient greek word "εὑρίσκω"
Are the English "Woe" and the German "Wo" related?
Markers that affect intensity of the imperative mood
What ex­act­ly is “lev­el shift” in trans­la­tion the­o­ry by Cat­ford?
How are bindrunes read?
How common is the "elliptical dual" (or plural) cross-linguistically?
non-variable semantics of reflexives, need help
parsing British National Corpus into words
Is "bien décidés" an adjectival phrase?
Homophones in Proto-Germanic
What is about-sentiment called?
Whispering in languages heavily dependent on pitch or phonation distinctions
Is "help" a causal verb?
Why "were" for subjunctive?
Are Hungarian and Turkish related?
Computational applications of construction grammars
Parent-child kinship terms for same- or different-sex relationships
Is the existence of a mixed branch of Indo-European plausible?
Why is “ß” not used in Swiss German?
How to convert CHAT to TextGrid in a batch?
Alphabet size affects complexity of written ideas?
Why is the Romanian tense system so "simple", compared to other Romance languages?
I need a list of common minimal pairs in Thai
Is there a "maximal coda principle"?
Is pragmatics a waste basket？
How did Latin get its stress pattern?
Direct–inverse marking on the noun, or the possiblity of inverse alignment
Word length as a function of word frequency?
What's the longest extant dialect continuum?
Noisy channel model explanation
Hurrian and Indogermanic
List Entity Identification
Phrase structure trees for different languages
Phrase structure trees for serial verb constructions
Maximally dissecting lexicon according to meaning (heuristically)
Why does Sankr. नक्ति (nákti) not show Satemization
Why are English and German West Germanic languages while Scandinavian Germanic languages are an own branch
Correlation between pronunciation of given names and gender
How are LH words assigned stress in Latin if we assume maximally bimoraic feet?
Is there a word in which the concept and its complement is expressed?
Morphology to generate hyponyms or hypernyms
How is the rate of evolution of a language measured?
Why are there words meaning both "breath" and "life/spirit" in so many languages?
why does chinese have multi-symbol words and often seem to lack single-symbol word synonyms?
How much weight do tones carry in differentiating languages/dialects?
Noun Phrase/absolute clause distinction
What is the difference between ŋ͡͡j and ɲ?
Why is phonemic labialization often found only on dorsal consonants?
Is “coordination ambiguity” a subset of “attachment ambiguity”?
Are the hebrew prefix letters (משה וכלב) considered a form of agglutination?
Limitations of the parrot speech?
Use of the definite article in European vs. Brazilian Portuguese
Pre-Hilalian Hilalian dialects comparaison
European loans in Bantu
Which languages influenced the Hindustani language spoken in India as of today other than the West Asian languages?
Click consonant development
Is it possible to trace the origin of words 'স্বাধীনতা' in Bengali and 'स्वाधीनता' in Hindi?
Is there any language where each character is pronounced differently depending on the word it's in?
Why is the English name for Bruges the same as the French despite that it's a Flemish city?
Conjunctions between complex clauses - which items do they coordinate?
Cases when past or present tense are the same in writing but convey the tenses while speaking
Development of diphthongs
Latin "niger" from *negʷ-?
How can the Arabic word "Hijr" be translated as "perception" or "understanding" or "intellect"
How does McWhorter explain Pronominal Reflexive Verbs by distinguishing 'remembering something' vs. 'remembering is something that happens to you'?
Change from labialized velar to labial
Question about the proto-Germanic root hampijaną
Is a quote a kind of parenthetical? How do we deal with direct quotes in syntax?
*through* vs. *tough*: ME*-ough* /uːx/ > –? How are the sound shifts from ME -ough explained?
Experimental support for construction grammar?
How does Metathesis work?
Could someone illuminate for me how PGmc *suma and *sama(n) were derived?
About [s] being replaced by the voiceless postalveolar fricative in the US
Plural form as respect form - based on what?
How can I know if a log-likelihood score is high enough?
All that glitters is confusing!
(How) did Hittite borrow words from Sumerian?
How are clauses containing adverbial clauses and free modifiers represented in syntax trees?
Phonology: Exemplars vs. Abstract Phoneme Theory
Examples of words that are monomorphemic in English, but polymorphemic in other languages
Is there an online Esperanto word stem "diagrammer?"
What is this method of drawing syntax trees?
Identify the status of the word-final -s
Which is the most accepted Dative Shift theory?
Synthetic fusional morphology
Past Participial Relatives are the sourse of Participial Adjectives, why?
How to define colors in the Natural Semantic Metalanguage?
Rule-based or Statistics-based approach for generating plain language grammar rules from a text
How to formalize rules on what's a proper name?
Can we parse the hell out of this construction?
Why is participial clause tenseless?
Detect egoistical emotion
ɔθɛntɪket translating from IPA to English
Why do French words tend to become so much more intense in English?
What is the linguistic term for re-writing a dialect text to standard language?
What’s the standard way to gloss a morpheme that provides subject, object and tense?
DP acting as AdvP?
Is gradable vs absolute a universal distinction?
Is wikipedia wrong when it speaks of the hebrew shwa not being pronounced ə?
Why do some (usually, first ones) ordinal numbers seem completely different from corresponding cardinals?
Syntax tree for object control construction
Pragmatics Wastebasket
What do you call the same phoneme that behaves a little bit differently in particular environments?
What would be the obstacles to creating a language composed of all the words of all the human languages existing today?
"To whom" in pied-piped infinitive relative clauses
What problems does co-articulation cause in speech recognition?
Languages with evidentiality as a language of science
Which accents distinguish "golf" and "gulf"?
Do any modern orthographies use capital esh?
How is "duhduhb" written properly in Amharic?
Understanding Feature Grammar syntax
PIE Etymology of Ger *heute* "today" vs Lt *hodie*, Sanskr *adja* etc
Relative Clause Tree Diagram
Hand gesture - Patting
Modern authoritive textbook for morpheme analyses
Computational/Formal Approaches to Paragraph-Level Semantics
Accuracy of automatic (machine) translation of two languages in same language family
Advanced book for English Phonology?
English ditransitive verb phares in CKY algorithm
Type of pronouns, bound/free
All the punctuation features across languages
Are there any statistic how similar are any two languages?
Why is "index" as a noun pluralized as "indices" while the present tense verb is "indexes"?
Apart from French, does any language have voicing-dependent change of place of articulation?
Simple example of circular tone sandhi?
Which original language would cause "your" to be translated to "their" in English?
When was the first bicameral script developed?
Partitioning concept space: deep-shallow dichotomy
Speech conversation dataset (Recorded over microphone)
Do most languages have the same basic verb tenses?
trees with nice straight spines and not too vertical
Do grammatically close languages tend to begin to use literal translations of some words in other senses in that other language?
Concept / function duplication
Are /tl/ and /dl/ rare onsets worldwide?
Theta Criterion Violation
Number in the upper lefthand corner of Praat soundwave
How do ASR systems cope with noise?
What factors determine the numeral coming to numbers such as -1, 0, 0.5, 100% in a language which has and only has contrast in singular and plural?
Which word came first: 'cabbage' or 'cherub' in hebrew?
Question on move operation
Can the need for ambiguity lead to merge of grammatical person, or other semantic merge?
Universal Grammar or Other Area of Study
what is out of context thinking called
How often is MP taught by teaching GB first?
Using Penn Treebank to create tense and aspect tags
"Ring species" as dialect continuum?
Likelihood for a test data (sequence of characters) given unigram models
Any resources for examples of interlinear gloss for Classical Arabic/MSA?
How to record differences in irregular morphemes
Problem with [NOMINATIVE] Case in GB & Phase Theory (MP)
The difference between [w] and [u] (especially between the states of the lips)
Praat: Automatic Formant Extraction by time step
Why are the word-initial consonant clusters /tl/ and /dl/ absent in English?
Complementary distribution and defective distribution
Why are two versions of a word written in the same IPA pronounced differently?
A term for the process of building a form which has never been used before
Arabic word for door from root d-l-t or d-l-th
How relevant is WordNet nowadays?
How important is speaker-balance for speech recognition models?
Problem Set Solutions to 'Semantics in Generative Grammar' (Heim & Kratzer)?
Is an empty morph a lexeme?
Percent of languages with the same word for hello and goodbye
Why has the neuter gender disappeared from almost all the modern Roman languages?
Cause: [z] --> [s] at the end
Etymology of Latin infinitive verb endings
Loss of final s in Italian
Is there any bridge between cognitive linguistics and cognitive psychology, beside knowledge representation?
Density of information/semantic of Chinese and Korean language versus european languages
Parallel coordination failures
How long in a language several words for the same notion can coexist?
Why was apostrophe so vaguely used in Early Modern English?
Which came first in Greek: λήθη, or Λήθη the proper noun?
What would be the hypothetical phonological range of canines based on their physiology?
Do dead languages borrow words?
What does a long mid-high unrounded back vowel sound like?
Why does schwa have a special place among vowels?
What is the difference between trace and PRO?
Demographic Prototype Differences?
Is there a term for ASL signs for related concepts that share the same motion and are distinguished by initialization?
"program" Equivalent in Arabic
Which Romance Language is the least similar to Latin?
Did advent of writing increase the tendency for diglossia?
Feature values [+/- interpretable], how these values are set?
What are the relations between the different conditionals?
Is Haitian Creole morphology fusional?
Are bound forms in compounds more resistant to sound changes?
What does 3MPL refer to?
How do I gloss a Semitic verb?
Why are French, Italian, Spanish etc. listed as SVO languages?
Are Word Frequencies Cross-Lingual?
Is there a theory of word polysemy? Case of snake versus serpent
Is it possible to have a word-based language completely without word inflection?
From which language was the Finnish word for "language" derived?
What is the difference between taurus and bovine?
Do German and English share the same word roots?
Does a surgery on your short tongue give you benefits on gaining the correct pronunciation in L2?
Which part of linguistics concerns/is responsible for "capitalization"?
The letter "Ng" in Filipino/Tagalog and its Unicode value
Swiss suffix -ikon in place names
Is there a modern survey on the Altaic theory?
Why do we transcribe the vowel sound in 'how' as /aʊ/?
Does assimilation of voice produce different phonemes, or just allophones?
Is *grandmother* a compound?
Rejecting writing down a language for various reasons
Learning Bokmål Norwegian through a book on Nynorsk
What is the etymology of "Tarim" as in "Tarim Basin" and does it relate to Tocharian?
Is "small numbers inflect, large numbers don't" a universal?
Maltese Swadesh list with IPA
Are the Old Slavonic interrogative particle "еда" and verb "быти" to be related in any way?
What is the difference between directive function and informational function of a language?
Gemination in languages not supposed to have gemination? (especially Greek)
Data on how people really talk in, for example, West Texas?
Is Old Slavonic “тесто” related to Latin “tiesta”?
Is there a name other than “absolute” for this kind of construction?
Is there a database which tags the "high/low" sense of comparative adjectives?
Parabens vs. parabéns
How to generate similar sentence by given sentence?
Could speakings "Старый Свет", "Новый Свет" and "Конец Света" have common historical origin?
16th Century English
Are Old Slavonic “шкурка” and “корица” related to Italian “scorza”?
Statistic for root-efficiency in languages
What term predated "even" when referring to numbers?
In need of a simple book on English phonology - recommendations?
Rudeness by being polite
Pronunciation of final consonants in the history of English
Why are allophones called variants of a phoneme?
What about the hypothesis that the Hebrew and Arabic definite articles both evolved from a proto-Semitic word for "god"?
Experiment design: forced choise test for auditory recognition
Why aren't "animate", "inanimate" in Leipzig glossing rues?
Is it really impossible for two different languages to have the exact same set of phonemes?
When is a conjunction not a conjunction?
Why is it thought that definite articles develop from deictic markers, and not the other way around?
Theories that can predict the spelling and pronunciation of complex words
Praat fixed$ function
Behaviour of attributive nouns in foreign languages
Turkic etymology dictionary
Is there any commentary on the etymology of the Tocharian word empreṃ?
Name for adjectives modifying the verb within a noun rather than the noun itself (as in "illegal immigrant")
How do dictionaries source attestation?
Who is credited for the syntax tree in synthetic linguistics
How "üçün" is Turkic but "çün" is Iranic?
Are there other aspirated phones in English?
Introductory texts in Computational Linguistics
Should Estonian word endings be tokenized or lemmatized for natural language understanding?
What's the reason behind the aternation of vowel in the Proto-Germanic suffix "-ungō"/"-ingō"?
Do all languages use emphasis to communicate importance?
Critical Period for reading, writing, and listening?
Are there examples of symbols similar to modern emoji or emoticons that were used before 20th century?
Is there any other language containing the sound of the "evanescent l" in Venetian?
Helping to compare 'descriptive power' of languages
Why proto-languages?
Do these vowel sounds "slip" in languages such as Spanish and Hebrew?
What informative and yet easy-to-read introductory books in English are there for Spanish Phonology?
Is there a language which uses 'passive voice' more often than 'active' one?
The "th" sound in appalachian dialects
Are homonyms inherently unstable?
What is the term for the pronunciation change that occurs with overuse of a phrase or noun phrase?
How did Ancient Greek 'πυρ' become English 'fire?'
Is Swahili a Mora-counting language like Japanese?
Pronunciation of umlaut vowels in the history of German
Get Prolog (other functional programming language) rules/facts from LKB or similar system
Praat script to extract .wav and corresponding TextGrid for all tokens of a specific word
Is linguistic change pushed by humor?
Reference request: formal semantics of "(((there) is) a) cat"
How does the Sankt Goar isogloss work?
Phonological changes and how they spread
Is morphology always attributable to phonological processes?
Did Romance languages evolve in Pannonia?
PoS tagger - technical corpus
If you can use nouns as verbs for different languages
Words which originate in superstition/myth
Characterising adverbial constructions
Can prepositions take raised objects in English?
Frequent use of the pronoun "We" in "I" stead
Is there a language with dual indefinite articles?
Shift from /sk/ → /ʃ/
Why is Greek alphabet left-to-right?
Where online compares phonemes across multiple languages, and exhibits the common and distinct ones?
Differential information load of frequency ranges
What is the term for a specific type of collocation analysis
Where can I find a set of Spanish-English comparable texts? ***(Not translations)***
Nazis considered Slavs as non-Aryans, but did Nazi linguists classified the Slavic languages as "non-Indo-European"?
Transformational generative grammar
Are the Russian noun “мрак” /mrak'/ (En. darkness) and the English noun “mirk” to be related in any way?
Are the Russian noun “пламя” /plamya'/ (En. flame) and the German noun “Flamme” to be related?
How to understand the difference in interpreting the definite article under the iota and the THE operators?
Are the Old Slavonic noun “дщерь” /dshcher' ''/ (En. daughter) and the English noun “daughter” to be related in any way?
Words that can belong to more than one category
Does the voicing of morpheme-initial /z d/ in German transmit to the preceding voiceless consonant in the same consonant cluster?
Can anyone confirm if this is a true released glottal stop?
What are the characteristics of a glide in English?
When an outsider describes family relationships, which point of view are they using?
Phrase structure tree of a Wh question
What sort of sentence is a request?
Does each verb have a corresponding noun with the same meaning
Departments/research centers in formal semantics
How active formal semantics as a research field today?
Is there any language where stress can be comprised of diminished expiratory force?
Does a difference of tense count as a difference of meaning in a minimal pair?
What is 'OE Gloss.'?
Identifying phonemic boundaries in Praat
Fourth person (in Slavey language)
Collocation: interpreting contingency table for log-likelihood measure
When were linguistics departments first established
Are synonyms belonging to different dialects "absolute synonyms"?
Name for a verb form meaning "feign or pretend to do sth"
How to derive that a sentence is a question from parts of speech
What's the difference between /ɪ/ and /i(ː)/?
Are there other languages, besides English, where the indefinite (or definite) article varies based on sound?
What are uses of Dependency Parsing in NLP / Computational Linguistics?
Dissatisfaction
Charles Hockett - 'F' article?
The German consonant "c" changes to the English "g"
The German vowel “a” changes to the English “i”
The Proto-Germanic vowel “e” changes to the English “i”
Are there other languages, besides Old Slavonic, with adjectives ending with pronoun?
Calculate TF-IDF of Loughran and Bill McDonald dictionary
Linguistic journal that allows blind referee
register variation: unbalanced corpus sample
Is there conflict between the process of analogy in a particular sequence and the appearance of double markers?
How to split IPA spelling into syllables
Analysis of adverbial phrases composed of NOUN and NOUN
What is the most precise/accurate/reliable way of determining whether a speech sound has been reproduced correctly by a person?
Where does supplementation fit in?
Are there other languages, besides Latin, where a gender of a noun is determined by its genitive case ending?
Is audio understanding in bad conditions (e.g. at a noisy market) different between languages?
Is 'raising' an outdated concept in modern linguistics?
Etymology of impersonal pronoun "one"
Can causative and anticausative co-occur in Turkish verbal morphology?
Dictionary pruning and real-word errors detecting
How to determine temporal prepositions
Mechanism of glottal stop - effect on tension in vocal cords
Will the pitch of a vowel influence its formant values?
How can I obtain a list / cross-comparison table of function / closed-class words in the world's languages? (preferably in softcopy, online etc.)
She made Jerry out to be famous. ['raising to object' construction?]
Extensive English word corpora
Word Boundaries and Compounding
save all file in window objects praat
Confusion over Adverbial Adjuncts (X' Bar Theory)
Given a name in sanskrit, how to find what to call the son or daughter of that person. What is the grammatical rule for forming such words?
Phonetic similarity between *s* and *j*
Are there languages with no euphemisms?
The meaning of /ě/ (ѣ)
Principle C of Binding Theory and Cataphoric Reference, why these notions are against each other?
Are there corpora which tag phrases by discourse- or conversational-function?
Pre language concepts
With SSML phoneme tags using IPA phonetic symbols, how can I insert pauses to slow down pronounciation?
Can a TG generate sentences which a CFG cannot generate?
what makes the link between the right/left hands,north/south directions and the duality good-bad
Historical morphology of Italian nouns from Latin 3rd declension
What is the French equivalent of the English linguistic term "reflex" (the descendant sound of a sound in a proto-language)?
Experience with PENTATrainer?
How do languages with negative concord express the actual negation of negative polarity items?
Categorising parameters of speech&language output&comprehension in aphasia
Criteria for judging allomorphs and different morphemes?
English Syntax Tree: is the "to do X" a CP?
Are kinship+Name Multi-word expressions?
How is "In we go" syntactically valid?
Does Jespersen's Cycle apply to languages without negative concord?
Relationship between two words part of the same sentence
What cases are typical for nouns accompanying the subject?
Combining pro-drop with null morphemes
What exactly is the definition of a syllable?
Praat pitch and intensity and what they mean
Are there any corpora of informal and unstructured text labelled for Named Entity Recognition?
What are "Auxilliary nouns" in Kyrgyz?
What is the PIE reconstruction for word-initial alpha with rough breathing?
Does Swahili have relational nouns?
Is there a dictionary of word commonalities across languages?
About A-Position and A-bar Position
Other Extensible Scripts Besides Latin
Do other languages have an "irreversible aspect"?
Etymology of Romanian "amor" (cf. "iubire")
The TRAP vowel: a or ä?
Is there a difference between foreign and native accents?
Do reborrowings and neologisms statistically help the communicative function of the languages or do the cause more confusion?
Possible absolute synonymy in PIE for 'night'?
qTA model and lexical tone
The semantic type of and?
Where did Irish "-acht" come from?
Consistuency-based parse trees and the word 'both' in noun phrases
Accidentally speak Japanese on reflex
Is there a way to search for language data by context?
Why does Thai have no words for "yes" or "no"?
Solving type mismatch
How to interpret this form of Heaps' Law?
Are any of the Old Chinese reconstructions for「能」plausible descendants of Proto-Sino-Tibetan /*dɣwjəm/?
Status of the determiner "any"
what are the 2 similar notions exactly in cs224n Lecture 2 | Word Vector Representations: word2vec?
Converting types into lambda notation and set notation
phonotactics borrowed from polish to fit in english
ODD NUMBER in Cognitive Linguistics of WILLIAM CROFT and D. ALAN CRUSE
Phonetic similarity between alveolar and uvular trill
Is there any relationship between the Hungarian long s sound and the long s in some European languages?
what does broken formal languages mean?
Is there any difference between laminal postalveolar ʃ and laminal flat postalveolar ʃ˖
phonetics name of vibration in the wind pipe
Research in psychiatry
Sememe and semanteme
What causes relative frequency of consonants?
Is there a link between the words red and bread?
Did the removal of Chinese characters have an impact on Korean and Vietnamese?
Homographs non-homophones
Why do we write read for both present and past tense, but we pronounce them differently?
which formal languages rule does human language break?
Describing continuity and change (like mou and mada in Japanese)
Forced Aligner doesn’t work on denoised sound file
Different languages following the same pattern to name the same object
Different types of color adjectives
Are there languages without idioms?
Is it possible to become truly Native Level in a secondary language?
Chinese linguistics: Could anyone give me pointers to the Traditional-Simplified Chinese translated corpora?
Why isn't intervocalic /ŋ/ analyzed as an onset in English?
Italian Pronunciation Lost in Translation or regional language difference?
Infinitive Marker
Which languages to learn for historical linguistics?
Speech-to-IPA-allophones?
Is 'I want it back' a raising construction?
Why isn't "why you are angry" a Pronoun or Adverb Clause?
Why are "joking aside" and "six hours ago" Postpositional Clauses?
What can we say about Classical Nahuatl <z>?
Has there been any development or long lasting influence of Leonard Talmy's work?
What do you call an IPA symbol that lacks a name (e.g. ɲ)?
Running C&C and Boxer
NLTK interface to Boxer
Every farmer who owns a donkey beats it - one more time on extending scope
Is there a connection between the Sumerian En and the Semite El?
syntax tree about cleft sentences
What is the definition of the Van Wijngaarden grammar?
What natural symbolic representations could be used for Mathematical constants?
Which language has the most vowel phonemes?
How to understand semelfactive aspect of a verb? How is it varied/similar to iterative aspect?
What is the name of this syntactic construct: "May [Subject] [Verb]"?
Does a null-subject language always have to satisfy EPP?
Does this sentence have two meanings?
Are mutually counterbleeding and mutually feeding phonological rules possible? Why not?
Is left-to-right scripting better than right-to-left?
Why do some linguists say vowel length isn't contrastive in Italian?
Aspiration of Voiceless Affricate in English
What language was spoken in East Asia before Proto-Turkic?
vocal register factors
resonance factors
Is English opposite all other languages?
Is Allah ever a common noun, or is it always a proper noun? And if so, do they look different?
Is English "<adjective> to <verb>" an idiomatic schema, or what do you call "easy to do"?
British English offglides
Parsing with CCGs - lambda part
At what point did the feminine ending fall silent in Semitic languages?
When did the contraction "Allah" originate?
Can “of”, “on”, etc. be regarded as complementizers just as “for” is?
Are Old Slavonic verb рещи (reshchi) "to say, to command" cognates with PIE: [h₃reǵ]?
Are the Latin word “octo” is derived from the serial number of the letter “h” in the alpabet?
Word meaning as function of the composition of its phonemes
Are the German words wer/was "who/what" derived from the q. word wo "where" + pns. er/es "he/it" by analogy with the Old Slavonic koi/chto "who/what"?
Resources on Middle Eastern Common Greek in the First Century?
What reasons could be given for Artificial Languages not to be considered part of linguistics study field?
Is there such thing as a 'half-plural'?
Are the English word knee and the word generation cognate?
Relations between 'knee' and 'generation'
Is there a way to refer to the semantic similarity-based counterpart to *eggcorn*?
Indexing outside of NP
Mapping duration mentions to their actual verb event
What's weird about Proto-Indo-European Stops?
Etymological connection between "uncus" and "unguis"
from ekwos to ippo : transition from kw to p in greek
Learning a script as an adult
By what means would the root "let" evolve to "ly" in a naturalistic conlang?
Do Old Indian words with voiceless aspirated stops have cognates in other branches of Indogermanic?
Relation between keltoi and galatai?
Phoneme, allophone and semiotics
Is the schwa sound consistent?
The lexical root of the perfect tense forms differs from the lexical root of the infinitive form
Grammar induction from grammaticality rules
Terms to Indicate Rules
If *h1 were a glottal stop, and virtually all German word initial vowels have an implicit glottal stop
Australia - absence of sibilants
What is the name of this Middle English letter?
Binding Principles
Data on causatives in Russian and Turkish needed!
Is there a word “ribike” in Hungarian?
How common are the “politeness particles” in Thai?
Subordination. Chinese vs English
Why is vowel phonology represented in a trapezoid instead of a square?
Non-African Click Languages
Is there an english news corpus available to download for between 1900 and 201X (free or low cost)
Formant frequencies of consonants
Narrow Phonetic Transcription: Stretching?
Is author profiling based on gender possible for English?
Need an online freely available Anaphorically Annotated Corpus of English Language for Identification of Discourse Units
Does anyone have a link to the American Local News Corpus V1.0?
At what point can a confirmation be established between words of similar meaning in context?
Bisyllabic German Verb Roots with the Stress Being on the First Syllable
Which (australian aboriginal?) language classifies nouns in "upright" things and "lying" things?
The use of upper case
German Noun Roots of Germanic Origin with Multiple Non-Schwa Syllables
Is there a specific linguistic term for the following practice of constructing new words/characters?
What are the most accepted theories about negation under GB?
Proto-Indo-European (PIE) words with IPA
What's the difference between a modifier and a complement?
Are there languages that can speak of continous things without discretizing them?
Syntax of Ik ben het beu
What is the intuition behind the term Transitive for verbs?
How to localize country names in phrases?
How to find which verbs are semantically-related to a given verb or noun?
The Grelling-Nelson Paradox
What are the cognitive mechanisms of language production?
"but" usage (redundancy of "but")
How to break down sentences into known grammatical categories
What are typical child and adult vocabulary growth rates?
Is the Indo-European language family made up?
What made some languages change normal writing orientation?
Does an alphabet with the uniform letter frequency distribution exist?
Why do words like thence fall out of use?
morphology and ill-formed sentences
"I gave Tom an apple" and "I gave an apple to Tom"
Statistics on distribution of voice aspects?
Can my accent be pinpointed to a geographic location?
Which Frisian language/dialect is the most similar to Modern English?
Negativity score for sentences
Literature on contemporaneous analyses of languages that pre-date or are not influenced by Aristotle's "Categories" and the grammatici
Can one avoid using the notion of meaning when defining syntax and pragmatics?
( New formulation) Are parts of speech syntactic categories? ( A question on generative grammer)
Syntax Tree for Ayen has food eaten with knife
What happened to the number of english speakers in february 2018?
What is the best linguistic term for describing the kw > p / gw > b change, and its usual companion s > h
Understanding Linguistic Categories
Diphthongisation in varieties of English
In case the fregean distinction between "sense" and " denotation" is used in linguistics, what purpose does it serve in this discipline?
What is it called to derive all the implied meanings from a sentence?
Languages w/out dependent clauses
On an apparent " masstermization" phenomenon in contemporary informal French: " il y a de la jolie nana par ici"
Does StanfordNLP have a problem with adverbs?
Is interpreting a topic as subject pragmatics?
Tree using binary branching
Pronoun introduced before its antecedent
Obvious argument in favor of "they" as singular third-person indeterminate
Does the German noun Keil "wedge" somehow relate to the Russian noun klin "wedge"?
Does the English noun “wing” somehow relate to the German noun "winkel" corner, angle?
Does the English noun “skull” somehow relate to the Russian noun “skula” cheekbone?
Does the German noun “Wink” somehow relate to the Russian noun "vě́ko" eyelid?
Does the Greek verb πετώ "petó" to fly somehow relate to the Old Slavonic noun "ptica" bird?
Does the Greek noun κλών "klṓn" twig somehow relate to the Old Slavonic noun "člěnŭ" (article)?
Does the English noun “baby” somehow relate to the Old Slavonic verb " bábitʹ " to work as a midwife?
Tool(s) for Identification and annotation of discourse units in an anaphorically annotated corpus
The etymology of the Latin verb concidō
