Identify a book about scientist who used mescaline to see monsters
What is the significance of the name "Strange" in Strange and Norrell?
In To Kill a Mockingbird, what does "let the dead bury the dead" mean?
Who came to Rumata's house at the end, and why?
Symbolism of the Mind Game in Ender's Game
Are man and woman like ash and elm? How?
What does it mean that different parts of humans are created by different gods?
Confusing list in Crime and Punishment
Is Doctor Adams a self-insertion in Watership Down?
Help identifying short article about footsteps in the snow
What makes Alex Rider and Matthew Freeman so different?
Is the heart in "The Hunt" associated with Desire?
What were the original two results for 'died in a blogging accident'?
Who are all the Priestesses and Gods?
In which story does a child survive Hiroshima by diving in a pond?
Very large World War 3 novel: US vs China, main characters include new US president and younger US soldier
Did "Number Five" really act differently from his father?
Are the illustrations part of Shel Silverstein's poems?
Why does Zhan Xixi call Jian Yi an idiot?
Is it Zhan Zheng Xi, Zhan Zhengxi, or Zhan Xixi?
Why does the poem "Naming of Parts" contrast war with nature?
Can you identify this story involving apple of wisdom
Why are my answers wrong for this Bacon passage about reading and writing?
What does the author imply by using the phrase “open to attack” for the element of worship in patriotism?
How is the connection between the picture on page 59 and the last line of "Allison Beals and Her 25 Eels" shown in other publications of the poem?
Were the contributors to "The SEA is Ours" all already established authors?
Do the stories in "The SEA is Ours" accurately portray the essential aspects of South-East Asian culture?
Why did Morris and Clay preemptively dissolve the Red-Headed League?
Why is The Dreaming a simple place compared to Hell?
Seeking female (later beatnik?) author, used all lowercase
Who was Long John Silver based on?
Why does Lucifer mention Raguel and Sandalphon as possible rebels among the angelic host?
Who narrates "Ars Arcanum" in The Alloy of Law?
Why would one call a Japanese Jew "Sosumi"?
Is there any indication that Poe feared live burial?
What is Number Five's real name?
What is happening in issue #1 of "Black Magick"?
The Old Man And The Sea - why didn't Santiago cut up at least part of the Marlin, and stored them on board of the skiff?
What is the purpose of Owl Eyes in Great Gatsby?
Which items from Elliot S! Maggin's novel "Last Son of Krypton" mirror the Superman mythos of the comics in the same era?
Should I read The Silmarillion before or after reading The Lord of the Rings?
What is it with British occultism and Brussels sprouts?
Trying to find a quote: Salt on top of the mountain, instead of snow
On the use of the word "thief" in Imagine Dragons' "Thief"
Who is the speaker in "The Unreturning"?
Why was the early draft of "Atrocities" so significant?
Why was the text of "HaTikvah" changed?
What is Asimov's joke in "Death of a Foy"?
What do the night and day in "The Unreturning" symbolise?
"wind" or "wind"? re: Little Gidding, II.50
Why should a teacher's cat care less about human robbery?
Is it significant that the eyes being reflective are proof that a Soul is inside in "The Host"?
What is the essence of Undershaft's moral argument in Major Barbara?
Understanding the technique of "lightening" in Calvino's writing
Was Holmes written as a drug user in A Study In Scarlet?
Was "It was a dark and stormy night" deliberately purple prose?
Did George Orwell ever feel that Spain would be better off under Franco?
Book set in Britain about a boy with Asperger's whose dad's name was Chris
Is the hook of Marethyu meant to evoke a scythe?
What is the quote "We do not describe the world we see, we see the world we can describe" trying to convey?
Why does "The Five Orange Pips" devote an entire paragraph at the beginning to the case with the watch?
Were the Just William stories written for adults or children?
What secret did David whisper to Meg at the end of "The Sculptor"?
Why was the ending of "And Then There Were None" changed for the stage version?
What happens at the end of Book 1 of Evelyn Waugh's Scoop?
A story in which a young girl saves a poor boy from a factory owner and meets that boy decades later
Did Conan Doyle's belief in the supernatural influence his fiction writings in any way?
In "The Importance of Being Earnest", what does 'Or they come in the evening, at any rate' mean?
Is "Listen Nations" referring to any incident in particular?
What is the difference between a philosophical novel and a novel of ideas?
What was the original "The Sound of Silence" about?
Who is the author of the quote: "We build too many walls and not enough bridges"?
Does this passage in "I Am a Cat" reference a real Western novel?
Is the song "Mabel Grey" by Brown Bird an allusion to a real ship?
Are the inconsistencies in Harry Potter symbolic or allegorical?
Was the pun on the word 'reading' intentional in "The Boscombe Valley Mystery"?
Why is Nausicaa named 'burner of ships'?
What is the explanation for the two versions of Lucifer's fall from Heaven in "The Sandman" and "Lucifer"?
Goosebumps-esque story about a group of kids visiting an alternate black and white world
WWIII novel by fighter plane veteran, set in East Asia (first chapter in Japan)
What's the point of the sandy beach in "A Dream Within a Dream"?
What is the significance of the words of the prophets being written on the subway wall?
Are there significant differences across the Nordic countries in the traditional portrayal of trolls?
Mathematics or gibberish? Understanding a description of an alien message in His Master's Voice
Identify mystery novel: Past crime uncovered in English village, gossip leading to death(s)
How many of the Swallows & Amazons stories are metafictional?
Story about a man (teacher) having an affair
Are the location inspirations clear from the text of Swallows & Amazons?
What is a "Cristopher"?
How much French does Madame Eglentyne know?
Is there a word for a literary technique that allows a short passage to be read aloud in more than one way?
What exactly happened at the end of The Dumb Waiter?
Does Binti's edan translate to a real-world object?
What evidence is there for Tolkien's One Ring being based on the Ring of Silvianus?
Who or what is the narrator of “Our Talons Can Crush Galaxies”?
Understanding the ending of "The Name, the Nose"
What in the Congo causes Marlow's need to lie to the Intended and others back at home?
Did Dirk Gently do anything to help Odin the end of Tea Time?
Novel about teenagers committing suicide
Why is the narrator speechless at the end of this short story "Something new"?
On what occasion did Shelley say "Keats was a Greek"?
Why is the month of Aprill masculine?
Why does Ishtar insist on being called "Ishtar"?
What does this sentence mean (from 'Dracula')?
Why was Cowen easily seen to have been Cohen?
Is this quote by Mr Eastwood a pointed remark by Agatha Christie?
How is the Brother Officer being portrayed in "The Hero"?
Why does Melville call Washington "General" rather than "President"
What does "the orchestra broke out" mean?
The meaning of "The rest is silence" in "Hamlet"
Why does O'Brien claim that the party didn't believe in solipsism?
Why wasn't O'Brien considered a thought criminal?
What motivated the choice of those folk songs for the soundtrack of "The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt"?
Is there really a nuclear war in the world of "The Lord of the Flies"?
Literature and the work of David Lynch
Do a lot of Shakespeare characters break the fourth wall?
Why does the cat call the children 'dear little things' if they treat the cat badly?
What is the Myth of Fingerprints?
Shakespeare making fun of Shakespeare: listing all of the self-deprecating meta-references in Shakespeare's plays
Novel about the future of communication, everything becoming shorter and shorter
What do these lines in Edward Thomas's 'This is No Case of Petty Right or Wrong' mean?
What does the line "The magi brought valuable gifts, but that was not among them." mean in The Gifts Of The Magi?
How to scan Robert Frost's "For Once, Then, Something"
What is so satanic about Manchester?
What does the teacher's clothing choice say about him?
Catalectic trochaic tetrameter or acephaleous iambic tetrameter? Scanning "Kubla Khan"
What was the purpose of Sam Black Crow in American Gods?
What is happening in the scene with Coldmoon and the geisha?
What does this 'Each that we lose takes part of us' quote from Emily Dickinson mean?
Was the motive behind this ever explained by the author of The Virgin Suicides?
Are there any gender-neutral alternatives to the phrase "feminine ending"
How did the cat become well known?
Do English language poems actually have feet?
How does the justice system work in Harry Potter?
What is the meaning of this line in Candida by Shaw?
Did Sandburg have anything against Omaha?
Should there be a trochee in the second to last line of Thomas Hardy's "The Oxen"?
What does post-modernism mean in terms of literature?
What is the meaning of O-san having a blank face?
Has there ever been an attempt to separate the facts and fiction in The Things They Carried?
How can I check that used or old books are in good condition before I purchase them?
Who wrote a specific poem in the movie 'Dead Poets Society'?
Why are comic books listed under PN ("general literature"), and not under authors' respective categories in Library of Congress system?
Are The Inheritance Trilogy's names derived from real-world sources?
What Confederate counterfactual story features Florida as an independent tourist republic?
Understanding passage from Scarlet Letter about "keeping with the scene"?
What social group are the Sculpted supposed to represent?
A book about a night shift clerk in a hotel
What is the explanation for the ending of "Mallory's Oracle"?
Does the poem 'In Just' (e. e. cummings) allude to innocents being led astray by the devil?
What is the name of the writing style in "Bleak House" by Charles Dickens? Why is that style used?
What is the significance of the Grand Inquisitor in The Brothers Karamazov?
What is the author trying to convey in this passage from "Gates of Fire" by Steven Pressfield?
Is Barrett Emerson, portrayed in the TV series "Will", a real Christopher Marlowe patron?
What is the distinction between literature and genre? Is such a distinction useful?
Who is the author of this quote about saying the right words on a mountaintop and changing the world?
Why is the Reeve's hair cut like a priest's?
Significance of the Pardoner's hair style
Is this a joke about the length of the General Prologue?
Does Puzzle the Donkey have an allegorical relationship with any entity in the Book of Revelation or the Bible at large?
A book about a man finding three people more stupid than his fiancée
What are genres? Are they a useful concept?
What is the origin of Endless' lettering styles in "The Sandman"?
Does the "Little Free Library" program actually provide access to books to low income communities?
What does the phrase "the silent imputation of parsimony" mean in The Gift of the Magi by O.Henry?
What happens at the end of The Scar by China Mieville?
Listing the books in the archives of the Temple of Ganesh
Complicated name features in Wuthering Heights
Shakespeare and Iambic pentameter
Why do translations of the line "Now have I told you soothly in a clause" ignore the word soothly?
Why is it important that 'Nowadays it's the girl who takes the initiative'?
Terms for structural analysis of a non-linear narrative
What is the deeper meaning of "The Tyger"?
Analysing a quote from Much Ado About Nothing
What is the difference between a 'metaphor' and an 'allegory'?
Why does everyone turn against Mlle Michonneau in Balzac's Père Goriot?
In what sense will "nothing come of" Geralt and Yennefer's relationship?
How to travel with paperback books without damaging them?
Is the Whisperer or the Emergency symbolic?
Why are the magicians who captured Morpheus "rubbish"?
Identify novel where someone repairs or restores an old house and gets involved in an environmental legal battle
Why does Susan say her "eyes are hard" when suffering an emotional breakdown in the Waves (Virginia Woolf)?
Where did the Fables get all those weapons in the first place?
Did Rudyard Kipling Write "The Wrath of the Awakened Saxon"?
When did Sophie and Alberto become real?
How much of the original verse is lost in Fitzgerald's translation of The Aeneid?
What does the six-legged dog in Charles Simic's poem "Country Fair" represent?
Why does only one of R. S. Thomas' poems conform to traditional poetic devices?
What kind of name is Vardaman?
What is Sophie saying about the Tower of Babel here?
Benvolio and Mercutio in Romeo and Juliet
Major differences between Norse epic poetry and English epic poetry
Why does Lung the Quick's tombstone read "No Unicorns in Heaven"?
An imaginary young British poet who was invented as a literary hoax in the 1920s?
Why does the Iliad start "in the middle"?
What does Holofernes deer epitaph from Love's Labour's Lost mean?
Creepy children's illustrated book, like Jumanji, about boy waiting for parents to come home with new baby, sees faces in walls
How does it improve the book to show the major's power?
What exactly is the "No Ordinary Sun"?
What is the meaning of "melt wives into sealing wax" in Dick's "The Man in the High Castle"?
Why did Bill Watterson choose the character names he did?
How do I straighten out a paperback book's cover that is bent?
How was "Contos para os nossos filhos" used in schools?
The ending of Fire and Hemlock
How many of the Songs of Innocence and of Experience come in pairs?
What can we learn from this character's death in "Mockingjay", out of universe?
The name of a story about a community contained within an apartment building
What are the Shadow Children?
Novel in which a killer says "There. There." as she or he stabs people
Finding comic referenced in semi-classic physics problem
Was Selma Lagerlöf a Nazi supporter?
A book about a professor that returns to university in a little town and people, possibly animals, die from poisoning
Is "by the iron rods of soil and season" in Graham Hancock's "The Sign and The Seal" an idiom?
Should I keep the jacket on a hardcover book?
Identify a book, love triangle, death of a woman, no Personal Computers
Why is the Nobel Literature Prize committee primarily staffed by Swedish nationals?
Questions on the meaning of a passage about friendship in Frankenstein, Letter 4
Do the characters in Line (by Israel Horovitz) ever fully grasp the absurdity of their behavior and situation?
How and why did the Swedish Academy decide to award Bob Dylan a Nobel Prize?
Is Gibbon's use of "association" a misprint or unfamiliar sense of the word?
Do rap lyrics require metrical feet in English with long and short syllables?
Does Uncle Andrew consider himself an Übermensch in The Magician's Nephew?
Who can nominate candidates for a Nobel Prize in Literature?
Did Joseph Heller invent this particular use of the verb "to disappear" in Catch-22 or merely popularize it?
Why Catch-22 if there was only one catch?
Why did Yossarian sign letters with "Washington Irving"?
How does scansion work in Arabic poetry?
Why did Yossarian and Major Major consider "Irving Washington" less monotonous to sign?
Why did Dunbar consider a life of intentional boredom worth living?
To what extent was Catch-22 inspired by "The Trial"?
Why is Josef K.'s last name never revealed?
Why didn't Josef K. simply ignore the summons?
Is "The American Claimant" a veiled take on "The Indian Question"?
Where is Kafka's "The Trial" set?
"Hat full of napalm" or "Heart full of napalm"?
What are the "hands of love" in Exit?
What is this phenomenon called?
What book has monsters that disguise themselves as black tire chunks on the sides of roads?
How old is Romeo?
What is up with the oracle's prophecy in the story of Cupid and Psyche?
Identify a historical romance/drama where a young woman has an affair while on a beach holiday
What did Scout mean when she said "It takes a woman to do that kind of work"?
How does Effie Trinket's name relate to how she is portrayed throughout the series?
What's the significance of Liza-Lu?
Why are the bears bulgy?
How does Mazrim Taim's timeline work out?
Why do some books warn that books with missing covers may be unauthorised?
Why is the Actor Kipps, and Kipps the Actor?
In Pride and Prejudice, what is meant by the phrase 'at York'?
Is Don Henley equating himself with upper-middle-class suburbia in "The Boys of Summer"?
What parallels can be drawn between Hunger Games characters and their classical namesakes?
Why are "Heaven" and "Las Vegas" contrasted in "Heaven or Las Vegas"?
Does "Kokopelli's Flute" correctly depict Kokopelli?
What is the evidence supporting the idea that Aegon (young Griff) is a Blackfyre?
Why Night and Time?
Why did the animals in Animal Farm confess to their crimes?
Why does the Reeve ride at the end of the procession?
Are modern editions of the Koran still written in the original form of Arabic?
Why didn't Hamlet's modifications to the theater troupe's play "tip off" anyone else?
Where is the setting of "A Hawk in Silver" based on?
Does Hotel California imply that people aren't capable of changing?
Identify Chesterton's story in which a character wants people to be cheerful but ends up committing suicide
Why is the moon "angry" in e e cummings' "the Cambridge ladies who live in furnished souls"?
Why is the phrase "go a long way to explain" used in "The Sign and the Seal"?
What is the name of that book which talks of a friend of Krishna called Chhandak?
Did Evelyn Waugh see himself as a conservative author, and/or did others categorize him as such?
Story about father who looks through microscope for the first time
What does Pudd'nhead Wilson's joke about half a dog mean?
To what extent was literary criticism being applied to scientific works at the time Darwin's Plots was written?
Is Bob Dylan's "A Hard Rain’s A-Gonna Fall" supposed to be uplifting or mournful?
In Peter and the Wolf, why is Peter represented by a String quartet?
Why did Mama put the poison in his tea?
Why do some books have colors on the edges of the pages?
Meaning of Rumi's quote "Lo, for I to myself am unknown, now in God's name what must I do?"
Can absence of information be considered a stylistic choice?
What are the ways academics have defined literature over the years?
How can I find Wally?
Can music be considered literature?
Are there two separate narrators in "On Most Surfaces" by The Gathering?
Why is "On Most Surfaces" titled the way that it is given that only one surface appears in the song itself?
Why is Spider silent?
What does "atomies" mean here?
What does this quote from The Great Gatsby mean?
Type of book written by L.M Alcott
The Mirror of Erised, gnica psno itp ircs ni
Why did Virginia Woolf judge 'Success prompts to exertion; habit facilitates success' a 'man's sentence'?
Does Neil Gaiman's "Mouse" criticise abortion?
Why rename Kipling's poem "The Beginnings" to “The Wrath of the Awakened Saxon”?
Why was an American diplomat's family considered the best place for the Antichrist?
Plot points and structural analysis of Fifty Shades of Grey
Why is a special license needed to get married?
Did the SDS invent a new literary form?
Rhett Butler's character archetype?
Why does "Nighttime Birds" associate night with warmth?
In the poem "North" by Seamus Heaney, what is meant by the Aurora Borealis line and the word "nubbed"?
Why don't modern critics like archetypes?
The name of a poem about a poet being happy that someone has forgotten the title of their poem
How long did accounts of the Sängerkrieg last as purely oral literature?
Did Heller base his sarcastic swipe at academia on any actual example?
What is the real "Consortium" as mentioned in Dan Brown's Inferno?
Why does Macbeth move to and fortify Dunsinane?
Accuracy of a translation: how to forge an opinion?
What's all the blinking about?
What does "Rebirth of Slick" mean when it quotes "On the Subway"?
Why don't people in the Chronicles of Narnia have trouble "transitioning" back to their old life after extended times in other worlds?
Identify a military-science type book where two men meet and discuss plans, realize that boats underwater are the plan in motion
Why did they meet the "ghost of Caesar" or go on the "road to Mandalay" in "Long Road out of Eden"?
What Battle inspired Wilfred Owen's "Spring Offensive" poem?
What is a Noble Hyrst?
Why does the Emperor-Over-the-Sea play such a small role in the Chronicles of Narnia?
How and why did the story of King Cnut change?
Why is the Emperor Beyond the Sea named that?
What is the rhetorical purpose of the description of Miss Emily?
Book about a boy who develops several accidentally destructive science projects
When did the perspective-switching trend begin?
Who is the radio informer in King Rat by Clavell?
Why is It afraid of birds?
What is the distinction between "literary fiction" vs. "popular fiction"?
Why do Simpson and Bostley speak for each other in "Lost Voices"?
Why does Merion react so strongly to being asked what their gender is?
Why is the Omani trinket salesman story "female", and what does female mean here?
What happened to Frank and Helen in England?
Which parts of the portrayal of women in "Flatland" are satire?
Is the name Crowley in Good Omens a reference to the famous occultist?
Looking for a story about a boy deformed by factory work I think it's an O. Henry
Why does With Those We Love Alive ask the reader to draw sigils on their skin?
Why does "Ode to Joy"/Beethoven's Symphony #9 start with a reference to Greek mythology and only mention God towards the end?
What's the significance of the T. S. Eliot reference in Catch-22?
Is there a contrast between Trofimov and Lopakhin in Anton Chekhov's 'The Cherry Orchard"?
Does "Animal Farm" explicitly state anywhere in the text that it is in fact a political allegory?
What do these metaphors about hardship in "The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay" mean?
Is there a good English translation of "Foundations of Geopolitics" by Aleksandr Dugin?
A figure of speech combining two phrases
Why did people appear to remember what was going on at the time they left England when they returned from Narnia?
How long did the Pevensies rule in Narnia?
Trying to remember a book about a relationship between a teenage girl and an older man
In The Tale of Mr Tod what is Dog Darnel?
In which countries has Persepolis been banned?
Identify a Children's Book about a character who eats all his groceries on the way home
Why didn't The Last Battle mention Susan's reaction to her family's death?
How does Emeth's presence in Aslan's Country in The Last Battle fit in with the rest of C. S. Lewis's theology?
Did C. S. Lewis ever intend to write about any of the other universes in The Magician's Nephew?
What does the chorus of "Generations" by Shalsheles have to do with the first verse?
Was C. S. Lewis condemning nuclear weapons in The Magician's Nephew?
Why does Emmanuel Goldstein's book in 1984 have a title page?
How can poetry be defined?
Why does the Race use EMP weapons on a society that recently just perfected the vacuum tube?
What's the joke with "Best of Queen" in Good Omens?
What explains Maxim Kammerer's superhuman physical condition in "Prisoners of Power" (aka "The Inhabited Island")?
Does literary theory have a technical term for a writer publishing the first version of one of their works in a foreign language?
What is the point hidden behind this short story about ants from Khalil Jebran's book
When was Charlotte Mew's "The Trees Are Down" published?
Is there a relationship between Edward VI and The Legend of Sleepy Hollow?
Why are Jill and Tim getting... intimate in "Out of the Shelter"?
How do publishers determine how much to charge for audiobooks relative to their printed version?
Understanding this sex scene in A Song of Ice and Fire
Why does Dune have such fundamental changes to major religions?
Do authors who translate their own works tend to do accurate translations?
How did the Thought Police prevent themselves from becoming Thought Criminals?
What does "And others, whose breasts love the feel of scapulars," mean in Baudelaire's "Damned Women"?
What is the Grishneshwar Temple Drop as mentioned in Brown's "Origin"?
What was the alternate ending of Agatha Christie's 'Death comes as the end'?
Is there a direct parallel to actual social prejudices for each color in "The War Between the Classes"?
How to envisage 'battlements of the escarpment'
How did Nita and Dairine's sibling relation change after Dairine became a wizard?
Vonnegut's writing style as time passed
Is "The Man in the High Castle" finished?
Does Gale have a sadistic streak, or is he merely willing to be ruthless?
What is the relationship between Heart of Darkness and The Hollow Men?
Can 'peripeteia' be a positive change too?
What qualities have lead to the enduring popularity of The Legend of Sleepy Hollow
What's it called when a short quote appears at the beginning of a chapter?
What should we make of the newspaper vendor in Atlas Shrugged?
The Icelandic Edda's origins
Why does Sara frequently describe herself using derogatory words in Pack Challenge?
What is the origin of epigraphs?
What is the nature of the friendship in Don Henley's "My Thanksgiving"?
What exactly happened with the glasses?
Book with little people living in a tree
Which poem contains a phrase like "it was all done in Berlin in the thirties”
How do I concentrate while reading a book?
Why did Lillian Reardon appear to admire the Steel Mills?
Is "The Good Work" by Theodore L Thomas a commentary on any kind of real-world society?
Before reading "A Grain of Wheat," what historical facts and cultural context are useful to know?
What "unspeakable conclusion" was Amira's father about to reach?
How much of the sequel to the Princess Bride was written?
To what extent did Defoe attempt to apply formal realism in Robinson Crusoe?
Were the footnotes included in the original text of the 1002nd Tale of Scheherezade?
What were the three clues mentioned at end of Agatha Christie's And There Were None?
Did Pilate have a vision of Woland/Satan?
In what way was Dr. Robert Stadler based on Robert Oppenheimer?
Did Ayn Rand interview Robert Oppenheimer, and if so, how did she use the material?
Why did Robert Stadler claim that John Galt was "probably a second assistant bookkeeper somewhere"?
Short Horror Story in which protagonist is a monstrous freak in hiding?
What does Stephen Dedalus mean: "History is the nightmare from which I’m trying to awake”?
What's the significance of the stanza about V for victory in Tony Harrison's V?
What is the purpose of aliens and time travel in Slaughterhouse-Five?
Is there a term/example for the danger in translating an idiomatic term by a loanword which exists in the language from which one is translating?
Meanings of the Kenyan dialect words used in "A Grain of Wheat"?
Tom and Nick's meeting in the Great Gatsby
Did Thomas Hardy's books get more miserable with time, and was this because of his own life?
Is Ozma a lesbian character?
Book about young S.W.A.T. agent that falls in love with a woman that has a child (Wattpad)
YA book involving disappearing subatomic particles?
How did Mama and Papa bear know someone was sitting in their chairs?
In which countries was "The Story of Ferdinand" banned?
What/who are the exact sources of inspiration, deriving from Antiquity, for Fables, written by La Fontaine?
How significant is Schopenhauer's philosophy in Buddenbrooks?
Why did all of the Taggart Transcontinental engineers volunteer to drive the first train on the John Galt Line?
Why and how is Mr. Thompson based on Harry S. Truman?
Seeing the world through green-tinted glasses
How it is possible for the guardians to reach meov island? in N.K. Jemisin - The fifth season
Analyzing the end of Gatsby
When was young Cosette's bedtime?
How did Sato get the file?
Where is this Greek extract from?
What is the message of "Seasons of Glass and Iron" in terms of men?
How did Snape figure out the stuff he had written in his Advanced Potion-Making book?
Why does the narrator ask to "give me some time" in "Brand New Day" by Ryan Star?
What does "I'm with the Switzerland wolves we bout to spit some jewels" mean?
Why the breathing in Snowgoons Get Off the Ground
What do people mean when they refer to a work as "Dostoevskian"?
Why does Ruth breastfeed Milkman, and why is this considered scandelous?
What image was in the Autostereogram?
Did Ruth sleep with her father?
Do characters in Lawrence Block's books ever meet each other?
Book about "lesser" and "greater" magic, with main protagonist who learns both?
novel where someone tells a story about a troll that lives under the bathtub and eats soap
Why is there so much emphasis on snack foods in the plays of Martin McDonagh?
Why did Robert Plant call "Stairway to Heaven" a "song of hope"?
Looking for a quote: "I'm a capitalist and a socialist and a communist and an anarchist and a monarchist"
Why did Smerdyakov kill himself in the Brothers Karamazov?
Is there a name for version of trochaic tetrameter with lines of 8|7|8|7 syllables
Why did Jim Taggart refer to Orren Boyle as a "fat slob" behind his back?
What does Jack do again in the Steely Dan song?
Does this phrase deliberately sound like "blackjack"?
Meaning of "The sin of thousands always goes unpunished"?
Are gender roles gone in the future in "The Story of the Amulet" by E. Nesbit?
Is this quote from Flatland a reference to Plato's Cave analogy?
What does "Maybe it's a Big Horse I'm Morporkian" mean?
Could the War of the Worlds be considered a proto Cosmic Horror story?
Why does pressure "put people on streets"?
How is the narrator "learning to fly" without wings?
Why is the narrator "free falling"?
Why the rubbish in Samuel Beckett's play Breath?
Retelling of Odysseus story with humour and anachronisms (audiobook)
Why doesn't Hamlet like improvisation?
Why is Richard a hunchback in Kevin Spacey's portrayal of Richard III?
Why would Image Comics publish "Sunstone", after it was released as a webcomic?
'worth so many beeves' proverb
What evidence do scholars offer on both sides as to the authorship of The Dark Tower?
Why is Richard portrayed without a hunchback in the 1955 Laurence Olivier adaptation of Richard III?
What are the parallels between The Odyssey and The Time Traveler's Wife?
Why different editions of Rabelais' "Gargantua and Pantagruel" novels contain different texts?
What does "between us there was, as I have already said somewhere, the bond of the sea" mean in Heart of Darkness?
What does it mean when spaces blow in Crow's ear cluelessly?
Is the fight between Mercutio and Tybalt a joke, or is it serious?
In Cupid and Psyche, why does Cupid hide himself from Psyche?
What are chapter summary phrases called?
Why does "The Witcher" series, being mostly about shades of grey instead of black and white, have such an obviously evil antagonist?
Poem that ends with "...whispers, snow!"
Why does the portrayal of fate in the Odyssey differ from that of the Iliad?
What is the meaning of 'cast a bank'?
Origin of “walking to the end of the rainbow”
A crime/detective story where the protagonist tells his murder story in great detail and still roams free
Where is this quote about Man, Hero, Legend and Myth from?
In Brave New World, why are some people not sterile?
Wizard's appearances in The Wonderful Wizard of Oz
In Richard Scarry's Busytown books, does Lowly Worm have a family?
What is the meaning of "Won't Tell" by Babes in Toyland?
Young London pushcart-merchant rises to wealth: identify the novel?
Distance unit of Leagues and Miles
Is it common to reveal suspense in epilogue?
What was the structure of Hermogenes’ ‘Art of Rhetoric’ prior to the 6th C CE?
What does Hunca Munca from "The Tale of Two Bad Mice" represent?
How do Hamlet's thoughts and doubts about the afterlife affect him?
How can the mouse in "If You Give A Mouse A Cookie" repeat his actions?
Why is Sergeant Shadwell obsessed with nipples?
Usage of the word "spheres" in "A Noiseless Patient Spider"
Was the book "A Dog of Flanders" less popular in Western countries than in Japan?
What is the Mandibles family tree in "The Mandibles: A Family, 2029-2047"?
Was C.P. Snow's "The Two Cultures" about Britain specifically or western culture in general?
Vision of the future in Max Beerbohm's "Enoch Soames"
Was the Marvel "Punisher" title a response to Frank Miller's "The Dark Knight Returns"?
What is the creative device naming used for text generation in Pelevin's S.N.U.F.F.?
Why is Kroc spelt with a K in Mark Knopfler's "Boom Like That"?
Why does Anastasia describe her reaction to Christian as "irrational"?
Why do some paperbacks have shortened front covers?
JKR says that Hermione shouldn't have married Ron. Is this correct?
What exactly is canon?
What's the meaning of "well over the fast" in the following passage?
How does the Nobel committee define literature?
In Huxley's Island, what is a "bass thurible?"
How did Sheymov manage to convince KGB that he and the family were dead?
What's the name of the literary device used by Sheymov to refer to himself in 3rd person?
Does it fit in with Hermione's character for her to be tipsy?
Tolkien character names inspired by Early Modern English
Why does the narrator of "Master and Margarita" say that Caribbean are fiction?
Symbolism in The House on the Borderland?
What did G. K. Chesterton mean by these two paragraphs from the first chapter of 'The Man Who Knew Too Much'?
Where can I find illustrations or miniatures of architectures described in Balzac's stories?
Why do the witches in Macbeth rarely speak in iambic pentameter?
In the poem "Alone" by Tomas Transtromer, what is the significance of the two parts and how do they relate to each other?
Book about the secret of Delphi oracles and hexagonal patterns
What did G. K. Chesterton mean by this sentence from the first chapter of 'The Man Who Knew Too Much'?
Why did Owen Kellogg have a practical need for physics but Dagney didn't?
Why did Francisco D'Anconia show Dagney Taggart the Smelter plans?
Is alliteration adjacent words and/or close together words starting with the same letter? If words between are permitted then how many?
Trying to remember a junior fiction story about boys who go back to medieval times
What is meant to be gleaned from Patrick Bateman's love of specific musicians in American Psycho?
Why did Thomas Hardy fictionalise the place names in his Wessex?
'Endymion' - Keats
Is my controlling idea for my poem analysis accurate?
Why is there so little character to the character of Shadow in American Gods?
Why did Eddie refer to himself as a "feudal serf"?
What kind of engineer was Owen Kellogg?
Tudor or Jacobean plays that are sequels to a Shakespeare play?
Why didn't Eddie Willers ever connect some of the disappearances to his conversations with the Mystery Worker?
In Great Expectations, who is the man at the pub in Chapter Ten?
How to read S.?
Is Harry Hotspur portrayed as a villain in Shakespeare's Henry IV, Part I?
Do Guildenstern and Rosencrantz deserve to die?
Meaning of "trente-six à soixante-huit chandelles" in Jean Ferrat's Ma France
Are positive, parable-like vibes a noted pattern in Russian literature (at least for short stories and anecdotes)?
Why are Sidorio chapters narrated in the present tense in Tide of Terror?
Gorilla family gets attacked by hunter for circus
A story starring agreeable, fuzzy blob/animal creatures
What does “Until a man is nothing, God can make nothing out of him” mean?
What does "The beginning came long after the end" mean in George R.R. Martin's Dying of the Light?
Did the Strikers assume that the Strike would change other countries as well?
What's the meaning of "you should worry" in the following lines from Pinter's Birthday Party?
Why does Piggy's accent not matter?
How would the Strikers re-emerge if there were so few competent people left in the world?
Was Jim Taggart's physical abuse of his wife supposed to parallel and contrast with Hank Reardon's gift of the Ruby Pendant to Dagny Taggart?
First book of Edward de Vere's poems?
"It might be for years, and it might be for ever," - What is the original novel this quote appeared in?
How many manuscripts of English Renaissance plays have survived?
Is Macbeth or Lady Macbeth the real villain in Shakespeare's play?
What is the effect of a text written in present tense and first-person?
Pulchritudinous callipygosity
Under Ayn Rand's philosophy, would the Strikers have the right to use and/or re-open abandoned factories and equipment?
Did John Galt remove part of the manual for his engine from the 20th Century Motor Company?
Why didn't William Hastings's wife know about the Strike?
Help finding 70s-80s sci-fi smut-ish book
I'd like to find a particular book about Pearl Harbor
Why wasn't Ellis Wyatt researching new applications of oil (or at least diversifying his product line)?
Is there a chronology of exactly when the various Strikers quit?
How does Jane Eyre remember the German words Diana Rivers says?
What is the narrative device that involves using inconsequential elements in the story?
What does the line "The echoes of your rocks my carols wild" mean?
Is there ever a clear explanation of why Rivka wears a mask over her face?
Near the end of The Scarlet Letter, is it plausible that Hester Prynne and Arthur Dimmesdale will marry?
What is "vulgar white of personal aims"? Why is it "white"?
Is Snufkin based on Atos Wirtanen?
Was Mr. Thompson actually worried that John Galt might be dead?
How did Billy Pilgrim know the manner and time of his death?
What happens when a rider dies of old age?
Is Aivas ever mentioned before it is discovered?
What is the device Shimrod found with multiple balls moving together, and what does it signify?
Why did A Square react the way he did to the Sphere?
How did the Sphere know about A Square's dream?
Why was/is James Joyce's writing revolutionary for its time?
Short story about Gentlemen being told a tale by a young woman
Finding Thriller/Murder - Mystery Novel involving a girl who forgets the killer due to shock
Why did the Looters make so many decisions at parties?
Story ID - Recent Thriller, US Government, Middle East
Which German book was Poe referring to?
Elon Musk biography: who is the intended audience and how would you describe the tone?
Did Stevenson really claim to have been inspired by brownies?
In Brave New World, If Lenina is a beta, why does she wear green?
Was Edwin Abbott trying to make fun of Christianity in this part of Flatland?
Why did Dr. Pritchett criticize Francisco d'Anconia's (supposed) lifestyle given his own philosophy?
First English Renaissance play where women disguise as men?
Help identify short story? 1950s - 1960s about two pals trapped on top of an oil tank
Why has Bill Watterson ('Calvin and Hobbes') been retired for so long?
Why did Jim Taggart interrupt himself?
What knowledge was Jim Taggart trying to evade when he hit his wife?
Why does Anne call Richard a Hedgehog in Act I, Scene II of Richard III?
What form of poem is "A Child of Mine" by Edgar Guest?
Why isn't Coleridge's line about trochees missing an unstressed syllable?
Was the Charles Calthrop plot-element in The Day of the Jackal an example of pure coincidence or good detection?
What does the phrase "If you surrendered to the air, you could ride it" mean?
For the purposes of being eligible for a Nebula award, what counts as "science fiction, fantasy, or a related fiction genre"?
Is it whitewashing to depict Blaise Zabini as white?
Why did Hank Rearden call the formula for his metal his "personal secret," given that several other people in the book knew about it?
Meaning of "you wear your blue so chiefly in your eyes ... it comforts me entirely for your fame" in Aurora Leigh
Meaning of "I own myself incredulous of confidence like this availing him or you"
Did Mr. Weatherby ever try to "cash in" on his access to Dagny?
What is the historical basis for Roark's claim about the Parthenon?
Meaning of "gambled" in "whose wasted right hand gambled against his left" (Aurora Leigh)
Meaning of "to risk, in turn, a woman's paradox"
Did "The Fox" hold to Stoic philosophy?
What makes a poem a Grook?
Meaning of "and beauty keeps itself still uppermost" (Aurora Leigh by Liz Browning)
What philosophy question did John Galt ask?
Why all the fuss about Doctor Dubble L. Dee?
Meaning of "He says it still of truth, which is his own" (in "Aurora Leigh")
Meaning of "that all the towns make offal of their daughters for its use on summer-nights"
Is Equality 7-2521 a model for John Galt?
Meaning of "who bespoke our place so far in the east"
Meaning of "not conclude at yours"
Meaning of "I shut my tongue against my fly"
Where are Greenfield and Silver City in The Boxcar Children?
In "Sinbad the Seaman and Sinbad the Landsman", from Arabian Nights, what does gars me pine mean?
Isn't Ayn Rand a bit irrational in her criticism of altrusim in The Fountainhead?
Who said "Poetry is the art of giving different names to the same thing"?
Meaning of "d-n" in "'T is strange—the Hebrew noun which means 'I am,' the English always used to govern d—n"
Foreshadowing in The Great Gatsby
Meaning of "Produced her Don more heirs at love than law"
Meaning of "Where juries cast up what a wife is worth"?
In the 1983 adaptation of The Merchant of Venice, why doesn't Portia know Jessica's name?
Why did Victor Hugo take several pages to say that his knowledge of Paris was woefully out of date?
Meaning of "but beg security will bolt the door"
How do publishers select who has biographies written about them?
Is poetry the art of giving different names to the same thing?
What is the chronological order of the Tales of Goldstone Wood books?
Did Anne Elisabeth Stengl ever write a book under a pen name like she announced that she would? If so, what was it?
Which Biography of Einstein
What is the poetic technique used in "I know why the caged bird sings"?
Is there a Russian edition of Khrushchev Remembers?
Book about man hired to paint green square
What's the meaning of the text in the scroll that the Prince of Arragon finds in the silver casket in Act 2, Scene 9 of The Merchant of Venice?
Novel about boy facing the apocalyptic beliefs of his family
What are stag beetles like in the world of Redwall?
How did the monster learn so many words so quickly in Frankenstein by Mary Shelley?
Meaning of "Israelites" in Byron's Don Juan: "That all the Israelites are fit to mob its next owner for their double-damn'd post-obits"
Was Sybill Trelawney named after "the" Sybil?
If Joseph's coat is so important, why does it get ignored for most of the musical?
What are "smoking-room stories"?
Meaning of "faithful to the tomb, so there were quarrels" in Byron's "Don Juan"
Meaning of "a lady with apologies abounds" in Byron's Don Juan
Meaning of "As roll the waves before the settled wind" in Byron's "Don Juan"
Meaning of "So shakes the needle, and so stands the pole, as vibrates my fond heart to my fixed soul"
In which year was Frühling by Hermann Hesse published?
In which year was Frühlingsbotschaft by Heinrich Heine published?
What is the meaning of Izquierdo's ending statement?
In "Close Every Door", why does 'for I know I shall find' change to the plural the second time?
Looking for an English-language poet whose name rhymes with Stowe and who lived in the time of Stevenson or earlier
Why are the U2 CDs named after "Songs of Innocence" and "Songs of Experience" by William Blake?
What do these lines mean in the opening paragraph of Peel My Love Like an Onion?
What did Holmes mean when he referred to Watson's habit "of telling a story backward"?
In "The Old Man and the Sea", what happened to the ridiculous fish?
What does "kettle at the heel" mean in this Yeats poem, "The Tower"?
What are the 'holy' and 'broken' Hallelujahs?
Was Holden Caulfield molested as a child?
Does Rush's "Tom Sawyer" promote an anti-religious view?
Does Suzanne Collins intend to write additional fiction?
Proper interpretation of the names Christian and Christiana in Pilgrim's Progress
Is the speaker with an on-off switch a reference to Orwell?
Meaning of "Of which the first ne'er knows the second cause" in Byron's Don Juan
Meaning of "Whose husband only knows her not a whore"
Meaning of "The ear becomes more Irish, and less nice" in Byron's Don Juan
Meaning of "such as had not staid long with her destiny" in Byron's "Don Juan"
Is the Harry Keller character in Andrew Macdonald's racist novel "Hunter" a follower of Rudolf Steiner?
Meaning of "from crowns to kicks" in Byron's Don Juan
Meaning of "but no one dreams of ever being short" in Byron's Don Juan
Why is a cuckolded husband "fit for heaven" in Byron's Don Juan?
Meaning of "'T was the boy's "mite," and, like the "widow's," may Perhaps be weigh'd hereafter, if not now"
Why is the last title in Proust's "Search For Lost Time" not consistently translated as "Time Found Again"?
Can you explain the financial situation of Edward and Elinor Ferrars in Sense and Sensibility?
What is a "fetish man" in African tribal culture?
Meaning of a stanza in Byron's Don Juan
Was Jonas Willard inspired by anyone in particular?
Why is this poem by Paul Auster entitled "Spokes"?
Why did the alexandrine become the "natural" metre for French verse drama, whereas English renaissance drama adopted the iambic pentameter?
Scanning the line "And every spirit upon earth" in Thomas Hardy's "The Darkling Thrush"
Have Kenneth Muir's poems ever been published as a collection?
What does "Printed for..." mean?
Why did attitudes change towards tragedy?
What's the origin of the rhyme "My friend Billy had a ten foot willy"?
Meaning of "pig who sees the wind" in Byron's Don Juan
Meaning of "Hounds, when the huntsman tumbles, are at fault" in Byron's Don Juan
Meaning of "which some months the same still is" in Byron's 'Don Juan'
Where is the object in this clause in Byron's Don Juan?
The proper way to count "edition" numbering
Why are Maggie and Sharon so bitter and angry?
Romanticism in 20-21st century
Unabridged edition of Le Morte d'Arthur published before 1923
(Why) Is there a shift in style in Toll the Hounds?
Is there an annotated edition of 'It Can't Happen Here' for non-American readers?
Is there any significance to the races of mates and harpooners in Moby Dick?
What is the meaning of this sentence from A Retrieved Reformation?
Why is Dervish so rich?
Who was the poet who said something like "Now only God knows (what I meant to say in that poem)"
Did Philip manipulate Jack?
Meaning of "With Ismail's storm to soften it the more" in Byron's "Don Juan"
Comparison of the portrayal of the female role in society between Jane Eyre and Tess?
Meaning of "all game and bottom" in Byron's "Don Juan"
Short story (or maybe a small book) about two students kidnapping a teacher
How much of Ariande Oliver's character is self-insertion by Agatha Christie?
Meaning of "all the boards did shrink" in The Rime of the Ancient Mariner
What makes the writing style of The Dynasts so distinctive?
Meaning of "and those things which for an instant clip enjoyment's wings" in Byron's Don Juan
Short story: lone gunman disrupts an economy
Story of a divided kingdom?
Who's this 'certain obliterator of historic records' in "Jude the Obscure"?
Is Jim Taggart's claim that Dagny "never felt anything" parallel to Philip Rearden's claim that Hank never suffered?
Meaning of "was given to her favorite, and now bore his" in Byron's Don Juan
Which Agatha Christie book was this adaption with an Irish woman committing suicide based on?
What does the fate of the old church tell us in "Jude the Obscure"?
Interpretation of Martin Luther King's essay
Why did the waiter send Varajou where he did?
Why does my copy of "Jude the Obscure" use 'part first' instead of 'first part' or something like that?
What does "Choice is a subtle form of disease" mean?
In Mansfield Park, why did Maria Bertram and Henry Crawford get together?
What were the original titles/structure in The Rime of the Ancient Mariner?
Which original Persian poem of Rumi does this refer to?
What is the nature of the relationship between the Comtessa and the clay manservant?
Why does Cat Stevens's Moonshadow talk about losing legs and eyes?
Book about what book characters do when no one is reading
What does "pre-Miracle" mean in this extract from the book "The fault in our stars"?
What does 'you med ask' mean, from "Jude the Obscure"?
Does "Natural Lord" in Frankenstein mean "Father" or something to that effect?
Is Hercule Poirot religious?
The mother in C. Hein's play 'Lasalle fragt Herrn Herbert nach Sonja'
How and why were pronoun genders changed in "Winter's King"?
Looking for an essay comparing Beethoven to Hamlet
I'm looking for a (possibly Dutch) children's story about a king who was afraid of the dark
What does "Wireless-men" mean?
Where did the Robert Frost Quote "If we couldn't laugh, we would all go insane" come from?
Did Vladimir Nabokov know Thomas Mann's Works?
What is original Persian poem of Rumi for the following English version?
Complete, single book of Peanuts comics?
Why did Calaf offer Turandot the deal?
What is the meaning of "hearth" in Charles Reade's work The Cloister and the Hearth?
Who was Francisco d'Anconia thinking about when he asked John Galt to send word about Dagny?
What is the symbolism of Ransom's heel wound?
Why is there German in the English version of All Quiet on the Western Front?
Short story about an atomic energy agency van, with a funny surprise ending
Where did Rilke say or write "The purpose of life is to be defeated by greater and greater things"?
Was Thomas Hardy expressing his own religious intolerance or commenting on the general anti-Semitic sentiment of the time?
Use of "limited third-person point of view", vs "omniscient third person point of view" over the past century or so
What was the real-world inspiration for the Kingsguard?
Morality of the ending of The Midwich Cuckoos
Why weren't Blake's poems published in their original painted form?
Children's story about a mouse with a noise in the house
What does "chartered" mean in Blake's poem "London"?
Are Songs of Experience and Songs of Innocence actually songs? Or is the word song a metaphor?
Bright or brightly?
Why did Bob Dylan choose Highway 61 for "Highway 61 Revisited"?
What is Bob Dylan's definition of literature in his Nobel Prize lecture?
Why did the main character in "Hand of Fate" by the Rolling Stones believe that he was going to prison?
What does "I'll be D.D. before I have done!" mean?
Was Hardy's "A Few Crusted Characters" based directly on the Canterbury Tales?
Who are the authors in this facade?
Why is "The Chimney Sweeper" in Songs of Innocence rather than Songs of Experience?
When did the bacteriologist take the cab in "The Stolen Bacillus"?
Why did Lilith help the factory if she wanted Manson destroyed?
What are the "mind-forged manacles"?
Which of Leo Tolstoy's stories are appropriate for children?
How old exactly was Rachel during the witch hunt in Manson?
Childrens book about an island that sinks beneath the ocean
What sort of bookshops sell The Works of Aristotle?
1984 - What does O'Brien mean by this sentence?
In 1984, did Julia ever reach room 101? If so, what was her worst fear?
How autobiographical are Laura Ingalls Wilder's Little House books?
What is the name of the book in which an exhausted man wrestles with a wounded wolf?
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time: How much does Mrs Alexander know?
What (and how) does Esterad Tissen know about Yennefer and Tannedd?
What does it mean to ask 'what is the subject of this poem'?
The personification process in "The City Born Great"
Why did people feel like Howard Roark didn't see them?
What does "contention-tost" mean?
A break in the 5-7-5-7-7 meter?
Why were Howard Roark and John Galt both from Ohio?
The Pit (perhaps)
Is Danny the Champion of the World one of the Romani people?
Was Frankenstein was influenced by revolution, the pace of technological change and debates over racial equality?
Is there a specific order to read Tom Clancy works?
How unreliable is the narrator in The Repairer of Reputations?
What was Captain Hook's name before losing his hand?
Watchman characters in Much Ado About Nothing
Difference between editions of A Game of Thrones from 2016
Was Captain Hook an Etonian in the original text?
Identifying a story described within an Agatha Christie book
What is the meaning of Blake's poem "The Sick Rose"?
Richardson's Pamela: Letters addressed only to her mother
Why did "the human race became a small committee surrounded by affectionate animals" for Sartre in the Words?
Why was Francisco d'Anconia amused by Ellis Wyatt's imminent demise?
Story about a free falling submarine
Do the Round Table crew in "That Hideous Strength" actually contribute anything to events?
What does 'gonna send a flood' mean in "This Is Me"?
At the start of 6th Spice and Wolf light novel, what's up with the discrepancy between "like" and "love"?
Leonid Andreyev novel about man pretending to be crazy in order to get away with murder
What does "in the arms of Murphy" mean?
Consular Operations in Robert Ludlum’s books
Why did Rand use opaque references to government bodies and offices in Atlas Shrugged?
A lifetime of happiness: why could no man bear it? Why hell on earth?
What is the pun in Kipling's poem "The Three-Decker"?
Is there any significance to Blake's choice of the name Lyca?
Which Chesterton story is alluded in Childhood's End?
Did George R. R. Martin Conceive Bronn as a Younger, Cynical Version of Illyrio Mopatis?
What are the 'N' and 'S' signs in the 'A Roadside Stand' by Robert Frost?
Use of 'this crossly' in the 'A Roadside Stand' by Robert Frost?
Why does Kipling's poem ‘The Three-Decker’ differ between editions?
Terminology and examples for what George Orwell calls "good bad poetry"?
How is G. B. Shaw's Caesar and Cleopatra (1898) different from the eponymous characters' true relationship?
Why is the robin "sobbing"?
What metaphor(s) are represented by the mysterious figure in Charles Causley's "Innocent's Song"?
Is "Fitter Happier" by Radiohead referring to the perceived futility and "entrapment" of the middle-class suburbia lifestyle?
Did Dante plagiarize the Divine Comedy from Kitab al-Miraj?
Stories From the Year Without a Summer
Is the comparison in "The Clod and the Pebble" between different types of love?
How did contemporary readers respond to coincidence in 19th century novels
Has there been any criticism of Bryan Smith's depiction in The Dark Tower series?
Is it common practice for cover art to be designed without direct input from the author?
Is the Crimson King's first attack on Stephen King based on a real experience from the author's childhood?
Why is the folk song Cutty Wren included in Arnold Wesker's play Chips With Everything?
In Don Quixote, why wasn't Sancho Panza allowed to speak in the black mountains?
What does 'trusting sorrow' mean here?
What does the word 'Avernus' mean in Carmilla by Sheridan Le Fanu?
Was "All Summer in a Day" based on any real childhood event?
How did "they make them sleep all day" in A Roadside Stand?
What is Robert frost 'owning' in these lines?
Is there an official definition for alliteration?
Could "mark" in "London" by William Blake be meant as a name?
Where is Momo set?
Is Ellsworth Toohey just giving the same speech over and over again?
Was Ellsworth Toohey's public speaking style modeled after Harold Laski?
What does Gulzar actually mean by saying that Earth can hide a river inside?
Novel about a woman who becomes a prostitute to pay for her husband's sins
Where was Homer born?
Story about a man who wins three bets with the devil
What methods have been used to distinguish the text between the two strands of The Neverending Story?
Putting 'gently' out of pain
Children book with two main characters exploring Fibonacci sequence, Golden ratio
Predecessors/Inspirations of Scheinriesen (Illusionary Giants)
Understanding the usage of "Philosophy" in Uncle Vanya
How familiar would the "Blind men and an elephant" tale be in the West?
What was the connection between Hardy and Keats?
Maximou - female warrior in Greek literature?
Where was the Odyssean Ithaca?
In the "Neverending Story", what judgement do Falkor and Atreyu make of the Childlike Empress?
What is the correct term for "fine words"?
Hegel on Antigone
Why did Maximou behave in this way towards Digenis Akrites?
In The Wall Jumper, what is the meaning of the very last line about walls still standing?
Need an interpretation for a rather slang quotation from 'Elia Kazan's The Arrangement'
What happened to the epic poem?
What was Fred Kinnan gaining from his racket?
What is the meaning of Flavie's final statement?
Where did the names Siegfried and Tristan Farnon come from?
What is the deeper meaning of Blake's "The Lily"?
Why were Ellsworth Toohey and Peter Keating so afraid of the identity of Ellsworth Toohey's assailant?
What is the significance of Goldstein's book in 1984?
What is the symbolism of Eustace's arm ring?
Were the three slogans in Orwell's 1984 partly inspired by Kipling's poem "The White Man's Burden"?
Looking for a historical fiction book set in England, possibly about the War of the Roses
What was the Red Building, the chess game, and who was the chess genius?
What are all the stories left unfinished in The Neverending Story?
What does "in the Ring" mean in Because I could not stop for Death?
Meter and number of syllables per line in "The Raven"
What is "machullah" in Stanley G. Weinbaum's short story Graph?
YA book with a girl on horseback almost getting hit by a train
How much of the Looters' philosophy did Fred Kinnan actually accept?
Are there elements of racial superiority in 1894's Jungle Book?
What does the Malvolio subplot add to Twelfth Night?
Jungian archetypes in The Many Coloured Land
Book involving the apprentice of a ranger who fixes a dented canteen with swollen grain, learns to use that to break gates
Why are two earls the rankiest of all?
Told from the point of view of an old man who lives alone and rarely goes out, written by a Scandinavian author
Why is "Oranges and Lemons" supposed to describe child sacrifice?
Does the title of "The Neverending Story" have a double meaning?
Why do the names of the first two characters introduced in "The Neverending Story" start with B and C?
Did medieval romances develop into modern romances?
Frankenstein's Repulsion towards his Monster
What does "chafed" mean here?
Evidence that the fate of some A Song of Ice and Fire characters was inspired by the Divine Comedy's contrapasso?
Did Stefan Zweig tell this anecdote in The World of Yesterday"?
What does "made notes for a little thesis" mean here?
What is pp in books?
What does "which comes at the two changes of the year" mean here?
What does "an affront to the common store of life" mean here?
What does "the master's body" mean here?
What was "standard shift" in the 1920's?
Is it possible that Bastian's journey to Fantastica was purely metaphysical?
What narrative techniques and literary devices in The Three-Body Problem required or justified adjustment in the English translation?
Why was Sunan permitted to take the exam to be a Presented Scholar?
Why, in "Dagon" by Lovecraft does the narrator say that the readers will "never fully realize"?
How did the oil tank look like in Wilson's garage?
Why "Moon Child"?
Is John Milton's Lucifer a tragic hero?
How does Jude's work with masonry relate to his ambition of becoming a scholar?
What does "if we had room for him" mean here?
Is there a standard way to measure how influential a particular book is?
Children's book with a picnic list including tongue
Was Eleanor H. Porter related to Gene Stratton-Porter?
Why didn't Jim Taggart realize his real motive for saying this?
Was the Wood in Tales of Goldstone Wood inspired by the Chronicles of Narnia?
What prompted Du Bois to change "Jew" to "Immigrant" in "Of the Black Belt"?
Why did homophobia become a feature of detective fiction in the mid-20th century?
Was Pechorin really "not a hero"?
Looking for a Fiction Book where One Vote Decides the Result of the Election
What point is the end of The Owl Service trying to make?
How does "How Nnedi Got Her Curved Spine" meet the definition of creative nonfiction?
Did Shakespeare err in using Ephesus as a port setting?
What does "snapped out, made accidental, isolated, like ghosts" mean here?
What exactly are masques and bergamasques?
What does "the facts about themselves" mean here?
Who or what is Cassiopeia?
What does this passage about the atmosphere blowing in Cyprus and the Galilee mean in "Jude the Obscure" mean?
Looking for a Hispanic book where everyone has the same name?
What is the symbolism of the statues and the meeting at the Pantheon in "The Doomed City"?
In Baudelaire's "Chant d'automne", why isn't the hidden rhythm better known?
What's the significance of Faust's meeting being on Easter Day?
How did Theseus woo Hippolyta by doing her injuries?
Why wouldn't Guy Francon testify against Howard Roark?
Examples of mother-son writing partnerships
What is the "Eastern wolf" in this poem?
Is "Hyperdimension Warp Record" parodying/referring to a particular anime?
Why could Cú Chulainn not recognise his own son?
What is the purpose of all the lists in chapter 12 of Joyce's Ulysses?
Are there female Alphas?
Why does Shelby Foote use the phrase "airline miles" in The Civil War: a Narrative?
Does D'Hubert rape the maid at the beginning of Joseph Conrad's 'The Duel'?
Why did Volume 3 of "The Civil War: A Narrative" take so long to write?
Why are letters hostile to the Childlike Empress?
Why didn't Artax just wait for Atreyu outside the Swamp of Sadness?
Why did Morla's eyes have a paralyzing effect on Atreyu?
Is the impenetrability of Chapter 14 of Ulysses deliberate, or a consequence of its stylistic pastiches?
Do the Berenstain Bears have real names?
Trying to track down two war story books (world war two)
Short Story about Lady (Teacher?) caught skinny dipping by kids
Is The Owl Service sexist in its negative portrayals of women?
What does "that most limited of all specialists" mean here?
Indeed, why doesn't the City have any great artists?
Why did Dickens write A Christmas Carol
What does "the service of a vast, vulgar, and meretricious beauty" mean here?
What does "The none too savory ramifications by which" mean here?
80s? Infected Man trapped in an Office tower with people trying to kill him
What does "the protecting canvas unrolled from Gatsby’s grave" mean?
What does violence have to do with a 'bodice ripper' romance novel?
How does anacrusis simulate a ship's pushing back from dock?
What ticked off Soviet bosses about "Inhabited Island"?
What does "our identity with this country" mean here?
Automata in the Arabian Nights, specifically "The Story of the Magic Horse"
Did Eric Clapton name his dog after Dr. Dolittle's Pooch?
In what way is The Lord of the Rings metafiction?
Was the Tralfamadorian view of time based on a real metaphysical position?
How can the inscription on AURYN be interpreted?
Need help finding book about a runaway kid who lives in a hollow tree
What is the 'full' version of The Epic of Gilgamesh?
“Optimists and pessimists differ only on the date of the end of the world.”
Antecedents for Hawthorne's Dr. Rappaccini
Claire North - The Gameshouse - Does this piece represent luck?
Help identify Native American Children's Book
Is there anything positive about Stanley in A Streetcar Named Desire?
I'm looking for a crime fiction book. Husband, a lawyer, is killed. His wife is a software engineer. The setting may predate Google
Why didn't it occur to Othello that Iago might be upset about being passed over for the promotion?
What happens to Crow after communion?
What is steampunk?
Did Heine write “wo die Blumen sprießen” or “wo die Veilchen sprießen” in Frühlingsbotschaft?
Why did Douglas Adams call Paul Neil Milne Johnstone the worst poet?
From what did Roger Lancelyn Green get this?
Is it a common theme in (western) storytelling that the antagonists are located to the east?
In what sense did Yossarian love the chaplain?
What is Nick Bostrom's 'Fable of the Dragon-Tyrant' an analogy of?
What does "pull down the blinds" mean in Yeats's poem "The Mountain Tomb"?
What are the nets in Ender's Game? Are they based on anything in real life?
Why were "Daisy-Head Mayzie" and "My Many Colored Days" not published until after Dr. Seuss's death?
Had fasting anything to do with golden trout in Middle Ages?
In Finnegans Wake, surely the dreamer is this character?
Where in the Republic does an Athenian businessman castigate 'Socrates for his pursuit of abstract knowledge'?
A sly parody of Eliot's later style
Children's story about a boy who travels in a spaceship that can turn invisible
Comparing frequency of word use across Shakespeare's plays
What are the other (aside from the Iliad) classical sources for the saga of Troy?
Rilke's quotation by Jim Harrison
Are all or some of the characters named Sganarelle the same person?
How thoroughly was "Look Who's Back" researched?
Do we know Merlin enchanted the sword/stone thing?
Meaning of some phrases and lines in "Quality" by John Galsworthy
What is the significance of the name "Kopy-Keck" in The Light Princess?
What is the correspondence between each story in Rivka Galchen's "American Innovations" and previously written stories?
A real meaning of a Bramarbas or a Holofernes?
On a quote of Hegel in L'été (Summer) of Camus
Why didn’t Theodore Roethke serve in WW2?
Why are there penguins in the subconscious?
Why doesn't Winston ask Mr Charrington about life before the Revolution?
What does this sentence about a cliché bouncing back like a boomerang mean?
Who said this quote? Napoleon Bonaparte or Theodore Roosevelt?
Any differences in structure between editions of Pynchon's V?
What did Pope intend to say by "Whatever is, is right"?
What did Jefferson intend to say by Plato's "whimsies into the body of artificial Christianity"?
What did Solzhenitstyn('s translator) intend to say by 'those carriers of evil contemporary with them'?
Is Dorothea's nickname metaphorical?
Equestrian statues and wooden logs, what's the connection?
Looking for an old limerick mentioning a character named "Lady Jane"
Explanation of a line from the poem "I do not love you " by Pablo Neruda
Post modernist fantasy with nested stories structure
Allusion by Albert Camus to another author
Why did Aristotle write that downfalls are not 'terrible or pitiful', and triumph unsympathetic?
Why did 18th-century readers judge Gothic literature countercultural or 'Gothic'?
Name of this book about a man who entered a relationship with a shady woman and then had to kill people
Name of kid's book about rabbit who nibbles hole in shirt
Is there such a thing as an unbiased text?
What is the symbolism of the Western Wind (or Zephyr)?
Why did Madame Roland confess to Jean that he is the legitimate son of Maréchal instead of Pierre?
Why could Dragons lie in Old Speech?
In "The Old Man and the Sea" why doesn't the Old Man recognize that the fish is a marlin
Narrator in The Idiot
Is there any direct evidence tying the D&D Underdark to Narnia?
How did Ursula Le Guin translate the Tao Te Ching / Dao De Jing?
Was John Galt foolish in wanting to return to the world so quickly?
Are wizard and mage used interchangeably in Le Guin's Earthsea series?
In Finnegans Wake, surely these two characters are different, and one is dead?
What's the source for the allusion of 'mere vessels of happiness'?
What's the meaning of the line "9 Parts of Desire" in this song?
How much of Fantastica remains the same between iterations?
Why did Isaac Bashevis Singer win the Nobel Prize for Literature?
Did Isaac Bashevis Singer write only in Yiddish, or also in English?
How can I find information about the editions of a book?
In Anne Frank's Diary, what does this quote mean? "Who besides me will ever read these letters? From whom but myself shall I get comfort?..."
How is black being portrayed in "Black, Their Regalia" by Darcie Little Badger?
Title of poem written by Causley after Macneice's funeral?
Book about a boy surviving in a forest with animal friends
Who is Soleil Moore, The Bone Clocks character?
What are the 1001 stories in One Thousand and One Nights?
Was Mr Edward Rochester mistaken in thinking Celine Varens was cheating on him?
When did Ursula (K) Le Guin use the K on her books and when not?
Why were Ogion's teaching methods so different than the teaching methods in Roke?
Why was Ogion troubled by the name of the ship that Ged took to Roke?
How did one become a Wizard in A Wizard of Earthsea?
Does The Chronicles of Narnia promote deism?
Does "call me Ishmael" imply that that might not be his real name?
Why is Ishmael sometimes seen as an unreliable narrator? Does he ever actually lie in the text?
Pissing in a sink in The Unbearable Lightness of Being
Original Translation of Camera Obscura by Vladimir Nabokoff-Sirin
Where do the events take place in "Afternoon of an Author" by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Necessity or benefits of reading Livy before Machiavelli's Discourses on Livy?
What did Lewis Carroll mean by 'a grin without a cat'?
Is there a specific order to read Ursula Le Guin's novels and stories?
Just finished the Martian Chronicles. "The Off Season" left me baffled
Comparison between beatrice of Much Ado About Nothing and Offred of The Handmaids tale
Does Gail Wynand imply that he's going to kill himself at the end of The Fountainhead?
What is the significance of the title "You Should Have Seen the Mess" by Muriel Spark?
What is this mid-20th century British adventure novel?
Why is poetry so important in 1001 Nights?
What connects the strangeness of the people and the magic of the bathroom?
Joyce, Nora Barnacle and Papishee
Was the Eatonville of "Their Eyes Were Watching God" modeled exactly on the real town of the same name or simply inspired by it?
What did Tennyson intend to say, by 'fierce light that beats upon a throne and blackens every blot'?
What does 'reflection of love for the soul' intend to say?
How does Derrida's Signifying obfuscate his writing?
How does Lacan and Derrida performing an example of a point, obfuscate their writing?
Is the beginning of "Their Eyes Were Watching God" drawing a comparison of men and women?
What does the last sentence in chapter 2 of Crime and Punishment really mean?
The Story of a horseman who rushed to arrive in the court and Big Ben clock rang 13 times
Dante Alleghieri's Divine Comedy "has been translated into the most languages in the world & top printed work after the Bible"?
Do computer-generated poetry, stories, etc. fit in any common definition of literature?
Do advocates of authorial intent theories consider conscious intent on the author's part mandatory for something to constitute literature?
Who are "the sons of Brutus" in Machiavelli's Discourses on Livy?
What is the oldest non-biographical work of literature in which the author is also a protagonist?
What's the difference between a Higher One and a Great One?
Difference between translations of Sun Tzu's "The Art of War"?
Looking for a book (possibly a pair of them) with whimsical illustrations of misheard phrases
What are we supposed to learn about the reality in "Atlas Shrugged" from "The Vulture is Molting"?
When was Machiavelli's Art of War first translated into Chinese?
Meaning and significance of "vaultlike door" and "contract around the object in a single yawn of appetite" in Egan's A Visit From The Goon Squad?
Was authorial intent ever taken seriously in academic literary theory?
What texts are the sources for the difference between "sometime were" and "some time are" in Shakespeare's Julius Caesar?
In the Kalevala, what is Väinämöinen?
Anthology of literary theory that illustrates each theory by applying it to the same works
Has Antonin Scalia's version of textualism influenced literary theory or hermeneutics?
Short story about a scientist who (half jokingly) presented the theory that humans evolved from pigs, instead of apes
Why did Machiavelli specifically mention Livy's first ten books in the title of the Discorsi?
Meaning of "dim blue match" in "The Female Vagrant" by Wordsworth
Has the Brexit referendum had a negative impact on sales of foreign-language literature in the UK?
Meaning of "I'm almost three-score" in "The Idiot Boy" by Wordsworth
Explain "If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you"
Why did Emerson choose 'hobgoblin' in his quote 'A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds'?
'meter' vs. 'rhythm': How do their meanings in poetry differ from those in music?
Short story about a condemned organ
Was Stevenson's Captain Smollett named after Tobias Smollett?
How was Crime and Punishment originally published?
Why did New Historicims and Cultural Materialism develop such an intense interest in Shakespeare and his contemporaries?
Sentence structure of a stanza in "Ozymandias"—how the grammar works?
Whitman's idea of democracy
William Blake's Lost Works?
Identify a novel about British soldiers assisting African ruler
Do authors ever think about the literary devices going into their work, including any political allegories?
What was the point of the job-switching lottery?
What poetic techniques are used in The Farmer Remembers the Somme?
How can readers ascertain that they have identified the author's intent?
Meaning of "We make the wise distinction still, soever made in vain" in a poem by Dickinson
What is the function of comedy for Frye?
Savantism by Whitman
What is the source of Herb Caen's "I have a memory like an elephant."?
Stendhal reference in Michael Herr's "Dispatches"
In Margeret Atwood's "Hag-Seed," where is Caliban?
Identify A Red Book Glimpsed On Subway, "City Of..."
Earliest work of fiction in which characters using telepathy can't lie
What are the origins of the claim that Lewis Carroll was on drugs (or writing about drugs) when he wrote Alice in Wonderland?
Why did Ellsworth Toohey ignore Peter Keating's confession?
The name of a fantasy story whose end loops back to the beginning?
Origin of symbolic interpretation of Prospero's breaking of his staff?
Doesn't Burns' use of parallelism reinforce "My Heart's in the Highlands" visual images?
What is Faulkner's point of view in the "Address to the Graduating Class?"
Who are the people referenced in “You Don't Belong” by Bad Religion?
Method for comparing two works of literature
Short story where people are handicapped in the name of fairness and equality
Why did Tinky Holloway seem to contradict the principle behind Directive 10-289?
Was Atlas Shrugged set in the future or the present?
In "The South" by Jorge Luis Borges, what is the significance of the cat?
Is Vilgefortz more than human?
What does Agatha Christie mean with "in a telegraphic style"?
In "On The Face of It" by Susan Hill, why did the author decide to kill Mr. Lamb at the end of the story?
Snoopy can balance on an edge atop his doghouse. Is any reason given for this?
Does Charlie in “The Perks Of Being A Wallflower” have a mild form of autism?
Identify a possible quote by Shakespeare
Did Harry Mulisch plagiarise other works in his novel The Assault / De aanslag?
Which short story describes a man climbing a tower and then discovering he’s underground?
How expensive was electricity during The Fountainhead?
Why did Henry Cameron say that Howard would have to fight Gail Wynand?
Why did Henry Cameron tell Roark that it was all worth it?
Why does Auden relate logical deduction to Adam and Eve's Fall?
What is the meaning of these lines in Albee's Three Tall Women?
Does Auden contradict himself in "children might well appear to be more rational than adults, for a child is not, by nature, more anything"?
Who wrote the poem that begins "What have we not done for this country"?
Tracking down a literary quote about grammar
Forgetting by Robert Lynd
The literary study of scientific argument
What is the literal meaning of this line in "Birches"
A story about how a family messed their weekend
Academic who abandoned literary criticism and started writing novels?
Trying to find a poem called "The Boaster"
Could Ozymandias be interpreted as referring to the power of the Church/pope?
Oldest library in America?
What were John Galt's criteria for being invited to Galt's Gulch?
Where was the first English playhouse outside London built?
Do the new characters ever wonder about olders muses of Robert Langdon?
Is Hemingway too much (too difficult) to read for persons with no experience in reading novels?
How did the daemon appointed by Xanth get his position?
In The Martian Chronicles, why did everyone leave Mars when the war started?
What happened to Marley in A Christmas Carol?
What is the literary origin of the ability to sense somebody else's powers or "force"?
Book about War Poetry
Where did the Deserters go?
Story about school kids who go on a field trip to a fort
Meaning of this line from "Birches"
What does the top of the bird-catcher's head look like?
Where can I find the text of the poem "Climbing Tintagel" by (I think) Vicki Feaver?
Is Winston Smith in Orwell's 1984 an unreliable narrator?
In Early Modern English, how did 'see' semantically shift to mean 'note/record'?
Did Virginia Woolf read The Yellow Wallpaper before publishing Mrs. Dalloway?
What changes were made to Ruddigore?
Are the words 'putter' and 'chop' some kind of mimetic words or what in this context?
Why does Tom Sawyer forget what "ransom" means?
Looking for a poem by Simon Armitage
How did Guy Francon feel about the decline of his (former) firm after his retirement?
Is this a pararhyme?
Relevance of Pliny the Younger quote in The Assault (De aanslag) by Harry Mulisch?
Please explain the reference to Nabokov's 'the terrible turtles who direct learned journals'?
What does the dedication "To The Other Three" mean?
What is the source of Paul Theroux's quote: "Tourists don't know where they've been, travelers don't know where they're going."
What is the source of Paul Theroux's quote: "Travel is glamorous only in retrospect."
Meaning of "And do not drop in for an after-loss" in Shakespeare's sonnet 90
Why did John Galt explain how to fix the torture device?
Why did Sally Roe use her real name on the envelope for her letters to Tom Harris?
Meaning of "may I be twice damned for a bank-clerk or store hand" in "I hight Don Quixote", a poem by Jack Parsons
Did Maugham originally write in French or English?
What does "layering of roles" mean in this sentence?
How much did The Lord of the Rings cost when it was first published in 1954/1955?
What is Ayn Rand's view of marriage and children?
Analysis of a self-written stanza in terms of meter?
Modern British English novels suitable for learning English
A classic fiction about a mysterious thunder that comes from the Carolina mountains
Was Hendrik Conscience's novel The Lion of Flanders (De Leeuw van Vlaanderen) the first work inspired by the Battle of the Golden Spurs?
What is the joke in the name "Robert Jordon"?
When did people begin to regard Gulliver's Travels as a children's book?
How many of the original Sherlock Holmes stories are fixed in time?
Style of poetry that plays with typographic rivers
Why did Michael Corleone remove Tom Hagen from the family business?
How many Elizabethan or Jacobean manuscripts of Shakespeare sonnets have come down to us?
Why was "Notre Dame de Paris" changed from "Notre Dame of Paris" to "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" when it was re-published in English?
First Dutch children's bible
What does this passage of 1984 mean?
What is the implication about humans in general at the end of "The Island of Doctor Moreau"?
Nero Wolfe novel in which Wolfe describes a perfect, unprepared crime
What was the first book that taught readers how to analyse and interpret literature?
Meaning of "How can one admire a girl...so young she doesn't know how to bite her fingers"
What does "the surface tension held" mean?
In Fight Club, why does Tyler get fired from projectionist union?
What does "getting soaked" mean in this text?
Why are pronouns used in this way in Nalo Hopkinson's "Shift"?
How many Red Dwarf books are there?
What was the earliest diary by a European poet, dramatist or novelist?
What does "mannered whimsy" mean?
Why is the colour of Caliban's girls important?
What does "advertisements in mother-of-pearl letters upon the glass-covered back" mean here?
In what way is Dussel an unflattering nickname?
Interpretation of some lines in The Dolphins by Carol Ann Duffy
Does Shakespeare steer the reader's sympathy towards Venus or towards Adonis?
What does "snow in the crevices of a boggy bank" mean here?
What do the locations mentioned in First Love mean?
In which act/scene of Antigone (Sophocles) is this passage?
Significance of 'There was a time they called porridge “gruel.”'
What does "nuh" mean here in "Shift" by Nalo Hopkinson?
What does this line mean, about Anna Karenina amounting to false papers?
What is the relevance of the title of Nalo Hopkinson's "A Raggy Dog, a Shaggy Dog"?
Does 'literary fiction' neccessarily have to be reality-based, or can it have fantastical themes/elements?
What famous writer said, "to accurately (or precisely) say how things are is to be truly revolutionary?"
What does "Am I sick?" mean in this context?
When is "fe" used in Nalo Hopkinson's "Shift"?
Story about someone who inconveniences themself in order to maintain awareness of every moment of their life
Quote about renouncing power over another and hoping they will do the same back
What does the last line of Nalo Hopkinson's "Shift" mean?
What does "rather vaguely conceived sweetness and light" mean in this context?
What does "whose shadows were all about her" modify in this text?
Meaning of the /ʌ/ sounds in Nalo Hopkinson's story Can’t Beat ‘Em
What's the significance of the name Loyola?
Short story read c. 1960: boy unhappy with his family, dreams of being picked up by his "real parents"
What's the meaning of a pink carnation, as mentioned in these songs?
What's with the reference to "Alice in Wonderland" in Nalo Hopkinson's "The Reverse Cheshire Cat"?
Why does the narrator quote a letter by a young footman near the end of Le Côté de Guermantes?
What’s up with Slothrop the paedophile?
What is the meaning of "Not even Jonah’s wife would swallow that story" in Marquez's "Love in the Time of Cholera"?
What might Syme have been thinking when he was captured?
How exactly do the various Uplift species go around uplifting their client races?
Why is Allen Ginsberg's "Howl" dedicated to Carl Solomon specifically?
Meaning of the name JumpJim in Hari Kunzru's novel White Tears
How can we explain the porter's order of events in The Arabian Nights?
What's the implied meaning of this poem by Russell Edson?
The structure of 'Winesburg, Ohio' by Sherwood Anderson
In Ulysses, why does Stephen finally decide not to stay with Bloom?
What was the earliest novel that invented a language without words for "I" or "me"?
In Stephen King's The Shining, what is the meaning of Jack's conversation with Grady?
Why the title Far From the Madding Crowd for the Thomas Hardy novel?
Relevance of Findlay's poem 'Stolen' to Hopkinson's novel Midnight Robber
2nd grade 1970s child's story with illustrations including an injured fox and another animal being scolded
Source of quote: "Speaking the truth that somebody wants you not to publish is journalism. Everything else is marketing."
Has Nalo Hopkinson had pets which influenced her writing?
Origin of Dry Bone in Nalo Hopkinson's Midnight Robber
Why was Far from the Madding Crowd first published anonymously?
Does the Abrahamic God exist in the Cthulhu Mythos?
Relevance of the cloud chariot story to the rest of Midnight Robber?
In the chapter 'Xenophilius Lovegood', why did the Death Eaters use broomsticks and not Apparition?
What does this Boris Spassky quote mean?
What did John Betjeman mean by "You kiddies have crumpled the serviettes/And I must have things daintily served"?
Book about an artist/musician couple who move to a new cottage
Children's story set in Pompeii
Tan/Brown graphic novel about family in a beach and kid with frog/toad head
How do people "kiss their teeth" in Nalo Hopkinson's novels?
English standard of the (Prose) Edda?
Is there any significance to the choice of similes for poetry in "Some Like Poetry"?
Looking for an O.Henry story where a young man from the country working in the city marries a socialite and then goes for a visit to his home
What was Dickens's attitude towards revolution?
What is the origin of the name "Frankenstein"?
Is there any difference between The Motorcycle Diaries Ocean press publication and film tie-in edition?
Looking for the title of a folklore which was about moon princess being jealous of her sister sun princess
Is Ari an unreliable narrator, or is he oblivious?
Why was Ophelia psychologically ill in the Shakespearean play Hamlet?
What is the meaning of "funny sort" in Jerome K. Jerome's "Passing Of The Third Floor Back"?
References in the first stanza of Amiri Baraka's poem "Somebody Blew Up America"?
How can the moon be in the first quarter and in the new moon phase on the same night in H. G. Well's "The Invisible Man?
Was Jerome K Jerome politically active?
What are Len Deighton's political beliefs, if any?
Is the man about to die in "Meditation on the A30"?
Why is John Betjeman's poem set on the A30 in particular?
Does "The Soul selects her own Society" by Emily Dickinson have a simile?
What work is titled "Distresses of the Industrious Population"?
Does R L Stevenson's Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde have a hidden anti-science agenda?
Interpretation of "The Catcher in the Rye" by J. D. Salinger
Does the description of Eustace's parents fit some known stereotype?
Where was 'A Fallible Lecture' by Brian Patten originally published?
What does Aldous Huxley mean by 'death control is achieved very easily'?
Is "for eating" a joke?
Does anybody know who wrote this poem, or where it is from?
70s or 80s Novel, Low IQ man finds/rescues young woman adrift at sea
How much is 95000 rubles from 1897 worth in today's money?
What is the difference between emotions and feelings in Wordsworth's Preface to Lyrical Ballads?
Why are the chapters in The Bastard of Istanbul named after ingredients of ashure?
What is the story of the woman who collected valueless things?
Why was The Bastard of Istanbul translated into Turkish as "Father and Bastard"?
Kids book from the 90's: Illustrated “solve the mystery” book I can't remember the name of
Is Mike an anarchist in *The Moon is a Harsh Mistress*?
What is the meaning of these lines about love from "Desiderata"?
What is the term for a novel that has no chapters or paragraphs?
What genre did Arthur Hailey's works belong to?
What was Sydney Carton doing in France?
What is the highest number a comic book issue ever achieved naturally?
How do the letters S, U, F, I symbolise the stages of Aziz's life?
"I've seen your flag on the marble arch"
Why did Shams refuse to sleep with Kimya?
Is the original manuscript of Don Quixote extant?
Why did O’Shaughnessy write Ode?
How does Dee Raain use the Mirrors to highlight negative human traits in the poem "Mirror of Truth"?
Was The Forty Rules of Love originally written in Turkish or in English?
Anyone know a book about a coat with rainbow square patterns?
L'espérance in The Count of Monte Cristo
How does irony contribute to the Flannery O'Connor stories "A Good Man is Hard to Find" and "Good Country People"?
What does the poet Sukanta Bhattacharya mean when he said e has to make room for the newborn?
Did King Richard III prove a villain because nature chose him to be a disabled person?
What does "rushy bed" mean in this context?
Who made the cartoon where the ping pong champion got beat by a kid, and can you share an image?
In Tony Hillerman's People of Darkness, why do the Navajos accept Vines as a religious leader?
Pushkin’s Eugene Onegin, the “lost” chapter 10
Why does Tan-Tan name her child Tubman?
Identification of an American short story about a horse that can't carry two train robbers
Name of Shakespeare play in which a woman both saves and punishes a man
Where did Charles Dickens come up with the name "Magwitch"?
In the Sonnet 29 by Shakespeare, does the speaker pity himself over lack of skill as an artist or contentment?
Story about a military agent sent in to kill or retrieve a female spy from behind enemy lines
How does the editor know that seven lines are missing from Wordsworth's Home at Grasmere?
What is this children's short story about an expat English girl who wants to pick primroses on her birthday?
What does Mr Darcy refer to when objecting to Mr Bennet's "want of propriety"?
Why include the frame story in The Forty Rules of Love?
In "I have a dream", how does Martin Luther King convince the audience?
The Forty Rules of Love - what kind of "love"?
Does the magic potion provide invincibility or only superhuman strength?
Why did George Orwell make "Oceania" totalitarian in his novel "1984"?
What does flying represent in "O Daedalus, Fly Away Home"?
Who is Queen Brijeena, the subject of a famous chavittu nadakam?
Why is God a "harshener"? What does this mean?
How bad is Winston Smith 's memory in the novel `1984`?
What role or symbolic purpose do polar bears serve in The North Water?
pre-Meji Japanese book/essay about Strategy
Is there a translation of the 雑兵物語 (zohyo monogatari)?
How can a reader know the quality of a translation?
Dramatis Personae of Beauty and Sadness
When authors write a single work in multiple languages or translate their own work, how can we determine which version is definitive?
What Kanji startles Otoko so much?
When did the first Dramatis Personae appear outside of theatre?
What do these lines say about Victorian investments and taxes?
What was the name of the film Patrick Bateman obsessively rents in American Psycho?
What is meant by Winston only had once a proof of falsification by the Party?
Why is the book called Lorna Doone?
What is the tone of "Spring" by Gerard Manley Hopkins?
Time traveling teen gets lost in the stone age
Where can I find details on the original manuscripts for the Miyamoto Musashi texts?
Why did Ellsworth Toohey advise people against doing what they really wanted when he was a career advisor?
Short horror story I read two years ago about a Jack-in-the-box
What are the hand signals based on Kipling's books?
Why did Sally Beth Roe have that particular last name?
Bright Lights, Big City: Why is the story Coma Baby included in the novel?
Relevance to literature of 1623 ban on swearing in England
What does this phrase mean, "your touch left sweet accord in my frown"?
Historical/Romance/Fantasy: Orphan Girl with Magic becomes ward of a mage
"What a piece of work is man" - echo in The Lord of the Rings?
What's the meaning of "preceding" as in Coleridge's Biographia Literaria
"The dog gives but the cat is." What does it mean?
Religious symbolism of the Telmarines?
Does Blake appeal to his readers' faith in the last stanza of "Holy Thursday"?
What is "the sin which ruined our first parents" in The Count of Monte Cristo?
Solzhenitsyn's Red Wheel
What qualifies something as "Lovecraftian"?
Book by eastern European author about small house toys including a dog called Floki
Who is the author of this contradictory poem starting "The night was dark and stormy"?
What does “the cause” refer to in Coleridge's “Biographia Literaria”?
Is there a connection between Shirley Jackson's novel "The Haunting of Hill House" and the movie "The House on Haunted Hill"?
What is "ache-and-pain-a-me back-o-hardness" in "We the Women"?
Is Cecily being sarcastic about the fact that Dr Chasuble is not learned?
In the given line, what is the relation between ‘short-sighted’ and ‘education’? What does it mean by strict views on education?
What is “the well known story of the picture” in Coleridge's “Biographia Literaria”?
What's the meaning of "my censures" as in Coleridge's “Biographia Literaria”
Writing/Poetry technique - Requiring reader to have prior knowledge
Does a translation editor need to know the language of the source document?
What is the humour behind these lines in 'The Importance Of Being Earnest'?
What does the line “Excellent, i' faith, of the chameleon's dish. I eat the air, promise-crammed. You cannot feed capons so.” mean, from Hamlet?
What is the literary effect of dropping articles from titles?
Why did Scott choose to include so many epigraphs in Ivanhoe that give away the plot?
Symbolism in "The Jewel of the Secret Treasury"?
Native American coming of age young adult novel published prior to 1981
Why did Carl Jung write "Man and his symbols" in English?
Finding author and source of quote about holocaust
Looking for book about a person who was given plastic surgery to look like a super weapon creator
What do these lines mean in Tennyson's poem "Northern Farmer - Old Style"?
What is Baldwin referring to by the "magnificent twenties"?
In what book does Paul Dirac say, "Some new ideas are here needed"?
Children's book: Fanch, art thieves, Gilgamesh statuette, sailing in the Morbihan, Locmariaquer
Why does Great Literary Classics change details in its abridged versions?
What would a biography on an animal be called?
What does the raven say to Ged when he first enters the school at Roke?
Is Caliban of Shakespeare's "The Tempest" based on a real life character?
Fight Club book editions and different text passages
What is the effect of using “silver” to describe the “horn” in "Madman's Song" by Elinor Wylie?
Obscure phrases in "Studies in Classic American Literature" by D. H. Lawrence
Meaning of "moralize over every morning visit" in Pride and Prejudice
Meaning and implication of these lines in The Importance of Being Ernest
Meaning of Lady Bracknell's phrasing in The Importance of Being Ernest
80s-90s Female Cat Burglar accepts only Sapphires as payment
Was the affair between John Proctor and Abigail in The Crucible historically accurate?
In Jo Nesbø's The Snowman, how did Gert Rafto get captured?
In The Mezzotint by M. R. James, what is a "Door Bible"?
What is a "proem", and why was this word used in the translation of the Kalevala?
Does the Kalevala rely on the concepts of good and evil?
Where does Tolkein talk about hybridization of humans and other beings, in "On Fairy Stories"?
"Literary theory": Genre or field?
What do these lines mean in 'The Importance of Being Earnest'?
British Victorian Trials identification
Identify book where mother is in shampoo commercials
Meaning of lines explaining Hrothgar's ruling in Heorot
Trying to re-find a horror/suspense short story involving a painting
Is there a name for this narrative technique or style?
What's the distinction between a narrative and an essay?
How are we supposed to know that Wainamoinen is the son?
Book involving the president-elect dying in a horse accident and electoral college shenanigans
What was the cause of the plague, and was its mention necessary in the start of the book?
Help finding poem about a red tide coming in which mentions "memory"
What did Lorca mean by ‘crocodiles’ in his poem ‘The King of Harlem’?
What does Lorca mean by ‘the oppressed reds’ and ‘garnet violence’ in his poem ‘The King of Harlem’?
Poem about bedtime story for witch's child
What is the name for the books with side-by-side bilingual text?
The House Was Quiet And The World Was Calm by Wallace Stevens quote interpretation
What is "the fabled obelisk" alluding to in The Boy at Mugby?
In the Hollow Crown speech, what does the line "Cover your heads" imply?
Why did Avicenna write his medical textbook in verse?
Why did Johnson scoff those "who toil at the lower employments of life" in the preface to his dictionary?
How to tell whether a book is worth reading?
Are these quotes from Orwell's 1984 similes, metaphors, or something else?
Is there a full copy of the original manuscript of "Mantiq al-Tayr" (Conference of the Birds) by Attar of Nishapur?
"The impostor magician Smerdis" from Borges
Quote: "No more effective device has yet been invented to prevent one man from helping another as writing a book"
Source of quote "Our government should have no quarrel..."
Are there any surviving works of Ancient Greek playwrights/poets excluding the more well known ones?
How is Wainamoinen "old" at the start of the second Rune?
Where does this quotation by C. S. Lewis come from?
What is "Protean Ubiquity" in Proust's "Swann's Way"?
What's going on in Charlotte Riddell's Old House in Vauxhall Walk?
Meaning of sentence from "A Tale of Two Cities"
Meaning of “I'm sorry for blaming you for everything I couldn't do”
Source of the quote "The only bad question is an unasked one"?
Significance of rising/falling meter
Why do the Watches bother with anything if the whole system is designed to be balanced?
What are the arguments against atheism in Crime and Punishment?
What's polybdenum?
Title of young adult basketball book from before 1974
What caused English intellectuals to be "ashamed of their own nationality", according to George Orwell?
Who or what is the subject of Andrea Bocelli's "Gloria the Gift of Life"?
Trying to remember a book about a kid with powers
About Jake's fate in The Gunslinger
Book about a kid that encounters a foreign girl during holidays and invents a new language
Is Irene actually delusional in "The Famine King"?
Why do peasants in 19th century Russian literature often have Greek names?
What's the name of that short story written by C.S. Lewis about female vanity?
Is there any other definition or sub-meaning of the term 'marines'?
Which book is the maxim 大道無門 from?
"The South" by Jorge Luis Borges: book/movie differences?
Opening lines of Gwendolyn Brooks' poem "Riot"
Shorter version of The Merchant of Venice for school play
What is the language which appears in "The Whalebone Parrot"?
Where and to whom did Toni Morrison give this speech?
What do the first two lines of this rap by Public Enemy mean?
What do Public Enemy mean by the rap lyrics of Mind Terrorist?
How is the possession by "The Whalebone Parrot" related to Loretta's Native American identity?
Sarcasm, satire & irony
Where did the idea that Frankenstein is the name of the monster come from?
Use of Fraktur in 19th Century English Print
Does "The Whalebone Parrot" draw inspiration from any specific Apache sources?
Does this quote belong to Goethe?
How to distinguish between imagery and symbolism?
In the renowned book The Great Gatsby, how, where and why did Tom meet Daisy?
Chekhov story involving a "peeping tom" priest and a newly married couple?
Why does Uri get a special answer when his balloon pops?
Son of Adam but not Eve? Daughter of Eve but not Adam?
Why is "...Then fall, Caesar" always left out when talking about Caesar's last words?
English short story where a wife makes an investigation officer eat the murder weapon
A Science Fiction story in which everyone on earth has a moment of empathy
What is meant by "strength" in Anathema's "One Last Goodbye"?
Where can I find this short-story extended from the traditional recursive "Antonio, tell us a story!"?
Did Peddana create Pravarakhya and Varudhini?
Canadian NRI aunty shares her living experience with her niece and nephews
Was the naming of CHERUB an afterthought by Robert Muchamore?
Is there any significance to the format of Aziz's name?
What were the "Leicestershire clowns"?
Young Adult sci-fi fantasy featuring shape-shifting jelly monsters that clone humans
Identify a children's picture book about unpleasant possum-like friend
Are there earlier incidences than Merchant of Venice of an angel on one shoulder and a devil on the other?
When was Marlowe's Doctor Faustus written?
What caused the feud between the Capulets and the Montagues?
Why are Dwarfs almost always technologically advanced compared to other races?
Could I read Trials of Apollo directly after PJ and Olympians?
What is the meaning of Georgian
What is the name of this book about copyright?
A quote from the introduction of Mary Wollstonecraft's A Vindication of the Rights of Women
How was Marienbad My Love written?
Forgotten a Sci-Fi series name but remember story details
Zhuangzi translation in The Lathe of Heaven
Story about a precious bottle of wine; owner waiting for the perfect occasion
Is there really a single "Old Babylonian version" of the Epic of Gilgamesh?
identify this play / teleplay: all of creation was a higher being's homework assignment
Is Roland Barthes' s/z structuralist or post-structuralist?
Identify a story about a group of white men stuck at sea without water and a black guide that they ignore
How's this sentence by Hemingway grammatical: 'Once I remember Gertrude Stein talking of bullfights spoke of her admiration for Joselito'?
Relevance of tiger limerick to Gilla's story
Where does the name Childermass come from?
What does Camus mean by "the disastrous fact that love and desire must be expressed in the same way"?
Why did iambic pentameter become so 'standard' in classical English poetry?
What are Trubies?
How is Daisy Buchanan from "The Great Gatsby" a controversial character?
Meaning in Margaret Atwood's "My mother dwindles"
Treatment of the German "von" in a novel
What order should I read the Trials of Apollo and the Magnus Chase series in?
How did Jonathan know about Nangiyala?
What is meant by "pensée indétérminée" in Geneva School?
Does Ender directly pilot ships or does he just issue commands?
Calvert curricular poem
What does Camus mean by this sentence?
Does this passage in King Lear develop the theme of compassion or truth? Also is the structure prose, blank verse, or rhyming iambic pentameter?
When did Yeats enter into "Virgil's territory"?
Is there any connection between Paris of Troy and Paris of Verona?
Young adult fiction book: written from a teen boy's perspective about school, sex and Shakespeare
What date does 'Ender's Game' take place?
In which pastiche of Sherlock Holmes does Watson end up being Moriarty?
What does Beatty mean by “Life becomes one big pratfall, Montag; everything bang; boff, and wow!” in Fahrenheit 451
Educational manga about a mad scientist
Was Harry Potter the first magic series to use wands?
In which editions of Moby Dick is this a six inch chapter?
Source of comment that Ah Qs are now running China (Lu Xun, 1930s)
Are political dystopias becoming less popular?
How did Lu Xun choose his pen name?
Book about a man and two sons travelling in a train which meets a fatal accident
Was the Cambridge mathematician "Andrew Martin" named after any actual mathematicians?
What does "toby" mean, in London slang of Orwell's time?
Could Shelob have kept the ring for herself?
Would Julia have wanted to meet with O'Brien if not for Winston?
Where is the wordplay in the names Zhao Guiweng and Gu Jiu?
Story involving Islamic terrorists planning an attack on a stadium
Female detective, former police. Dark and troubled past involving violently killing a house of criminals who were holding her hostage and abusing her
Is there any significance in Shakespeare's use of the name "Laertes" (name of the father of Odysseus) in Hamlet?
How do we know that Bloom was never circumcised?
What is the meaning of this sentence: ...for there was nearly half as much of the entertaining as of the contemptible about the man
What is the metrical style of Hungarian poetry?
In what literature does Rumi say "You are the Soul of the Soul of the Universe. And your name is Love?"
What would be the name for foreshadowing if it is referencing the past?
Is Hejinian saying that there is no one privileged way of reading any text?
Why is the painful deflowering of a virgin motif in romance novels so common?
What does Dante mean here?
Why don't Mr. Bennet's daughters get to inherit the Longbourn estate?
Short Story Identification - From English Textbook, about Person Living in Wrong Time Period
How do I tie the different parts of this question together?
Oldish (at least 15 years) children's book about a little creepy girl going to normal school for the first time?
Trying to find a book from the 2000s geared towards young adult/teens
What is the literary device used in 'In-universe' books?
Quote about using accurate words (e.g. not to exaggerate beauty) to not wear down their meaning
Looking for a short story about painters who fake a death
What is the genre after post-apocalypse?
What does the riddle at the end of Plato's Republic book 5 mean?
What does "entailment" mean in "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
Is it reasonable to use the movie version of a book to interpret the book when the same author wrote both?
What inspired E. M. Forster's short story 'The Machine Stops'?
What prompted Knut Hamsun to write his eulogy for Hitler?
Paradise Lost pagan gods
Flannery O'Connor's complaint about a certain letter
Explain "field size" and "bushel of potatoes" in ‘To Kill A Mockingbird’
“Returning Traveller” Trope
Pride and Prejudice: Why did Elizabeth think "my uncle and aunt would have been lost to me"?
Significance of the name Annabel Lee?
Who is "Sylvia" in Steinbeck's "The Pastures of Heaven"?
Who inspired Elizabeth Barrett Browning's poem "Mother and Poet"?
Who is the falcon, and who the falconer?
Animal Farm — silent protest?
Is "The Most Dangerous Game" Literature?
Who wrote this?
What does the metaphor used here mean?
Why does Macbeth say ‘throw physic to the dogs’?
What is meant by ‘innocent of the adjustments’ here?
Is Kurt Vonnegut’s Slaughterhouse Five an allegory of what would now be called PTSD?
Story about a human sized giant
Who wrote the well-known Outline of Chapter Contents in the Penguin edition of Finnegans Wake?
In "Passing by" by Robert Herrick, how does Cupid "range her country" and change the narrator's heart?
Looking for an Aeschylus quote mistranslated from Polish
Allusion to Plato in Fahrenheit 451?
Detective story where a loophole in the US extradition law is used to avoid trial
Did George R. R. Martin read Romance of The Three Kingdoms?
How does Beatty know who has books and who does not in Fahrenheit 451?
What does "speed of hurt” mean in Courtney Summers's "Sadie"?
What are the different names of Fenrir / Fenris Wolf?
Does Joyce use interior monologue in "A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man"?
What is the title of the story by Isaac Asimov in which technology advances, with increasing advantage, backwards?
Need of Acts in a Drama
What is the meaning of the poem "Praxis" by Wendy Xu?
Why do so many mystery series have prequels at the end of the series?
Why didn't Faulkner split a 118-word sentence into three, In "Barn Burning" when he writes about the boy protagonist?
What did Conrad mean by teaching to see is everything?
What did Francis Christensen mean by 'the end is to enhance life'?
Why don’t writers layer and number lengthy sentences?
How can some similes 'make comparisons' without thinking 'of one situation or thing as being something else'?
What does Machiavelli mean on page 29 of The Prince?
Why don't writers add commas to lengthy sentences, to make them more readable?
How do Brooks Landon's commas stress cumulative rhythms in Conrad’s “The Secret Sharer”?
How can prose be musical?
What's Samuel Johnson truly saying about Dryden and Pope?
How's Thomas Babington Macaulay's sentence chiding Samuel Johnson 'a masterpiece of balance'?
What's the meaning of 'English studies of empirical studies' to be antihumanist?
Why does Browning need to be ‘manned by Manning’?
Should I read 'A Scandal in Bohemia' before I read 'A Study in Scarlet'?
Radical Canadians and Radio Broadcasts
Do other (active) central repositories of book translations exist?
Restaurant serves everything with money back guarantee, patron defeats them by ordering a Twinkie
Evidence for the identity of Browning’s “lyric Love”?
Children's book about an evil wizard and a giant
Are angels ever depicted as having golden halos floating above their heads in the Bible?
Poem Identification from a stanza(?) containing “the midnight train” repeatedly
Trying to find a book from my childhood in UK, a collection of stories, one story a page, characters were all Rabbits
Why did the Looters meet with Hank Reardon in the same suite that Francisco D'Anconia used to lease?
Comparing the winners of the Nobel Prize in Literature, the National Book Award, and the Booker Prize
Why is 'Hamlet' considered one of the very best plays ever?
How are old horror short stories classified?
Meaning of a passage in "Persuasion" by Jane Austen
What is a ‘tongue-leaved eye-figured Eden tree’?
Who wrote the poem that begins, "The Yeti, experts will attest . . ."
Looking for the source of a quote about moving to the edge and declaring it the new center
A short story on two brothers meeting one a criminal one policeman
Why was Pygmalion retitled to My Fair Lady?
Confused about the meter and rhythm of Ulysses by Tennyson
What is the history of the universe/canon/word-of-god approach to literature?
Which thriller featured "a machine-gun attack in Park Lane"?
What is the significance of "half past two" in Wolfgang Borchert's The Clock and The Bread?
Doubts concerning Chapter 15 of "Persuasion" by Jane Austen
E E Cummings: [may i feel said he] What may parentheses signify?
What is meant by "came to practice" in John Manningham's description of Twelfth Night?
Why are television shows in Fahrenheit 451 interactive?
Have other authors from different times and places described this feeling of being a part of god as Emerson did?
Why did Rachel Carson begin “Silent Spring” with an allegory?
Can the success of "The Day of Doom" be attributed to above average literacy in colonial America?
Did any of the Pevensie kings and queens find romance while in Narnia?
In "Orphans of the Sky", what does the society's treatment of women indicate about the society?
In Persuasion, why does Anne feel "ashamed" before being able to "safely suggest" Louisa?
Is the castle where Mr. Toad is imprisoned a real place, or based on a real place?
What does Browning's cloistered soliloquist mean by ‘Hy, Zy, Hine’?
What was the public's initial reaction to Virginia Woolf's Orlando?
Why does Laxness mention "second sight" in "Independent People"?
Why did Dr Buford stay poor (and Jack rich) in "To Kill A Mockingbird"?
What does "laconic atmosphere" mean here?
Is there any significance in King Lune's name?
Was Rowling inspired by the railway station scene in Prince Caspian?
What does it mean to "meet the introduction halfway" in "The Call of the Wild"?
Why is Hemingway's generation a ‘lost generation’?
What does "as hot as the hinges of hell" mean in "The Green Mile"?
What does it mean to peer from a dewball?
Where did the Grimm brothers' story "The Shepherd Boy" originate?
What does "This title has Common Core connections" mean?
How is it 1100 miles from Hannibal to southern Arkansas in Huck Finn?
Concept of pleasure in pedagogy in Humanism? (Gargantua)
Do Orwell's and E. B. White's essays belong to a school?
What is "Miss Maudie's goat" in "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
What is the 'tiger' in 'The Long Song'?
How did the story of Robin Hood pass from oral literature to written?
What does John Locke mean by “it” at the very end of this passage?
How do the Armadans distinguish the Lovers in spoken language?
Meaning of this line in Candida by Shaw
Why did Mr. Elliot have to decide whose boots were thickest in "Persuasion"?
What does Adam Smith mean here in The Wealth of Nations?
American book translated to French: poor boy starts out selling newspapers in the street
Which of the following statements best describes the relationship between Ulrich and Georg?
What movie is Holden describing?
What does this line about Foucault's job being to "historicize discourse and textualize history" mean?
Is there any evidence Mat Cauthon was inspired by Matthias Corvinus?
Is there a name for poems where each verse is a time period?
In Going Places by A.R. Barton, does Sophie really meet Danny Casey?
Why does Caponsacchi count his fingers in "The Ring and the Book"?
Why did T.S. Eliot make a statement that 'Coriolanus' was Shakespeare's masterpiece and that 'Hamlet' was an artistic failure?
How is Wuthering Heights focused on male experience?
"The British are the nation of amateurs" -- is it really G. B. Shaw's quote?
How can I understand the second book of "Jerusalem Delivered"?
What does Benjamin Franklin mean here in his essay, "On True Happiness"?
Purple Hibiscus: The death of Eugene
Are the homoerotic hints in "La Reine Margot" intentional?
In George Orwell's Burmese Days, what word is the censored "b--s" supposed to be?
What does "it" mean in this passage of David Hume's “A Treatise of Human Nature”?
Did Edith Wharton make a mistake in her introduction to "Ethan Frome"?
What did Gray mean by "where ignorance is bliss,'tis folly to be wise"?
Can the Count of Monte Cristo's calculation of poison dosage be explained?
‘Comedies leave readers and audiences with a final sense of joy.’
How can I find out who translated a book on Project Gutenberg?
Can the apparent age discrepancies in The Count of Monte Cristo be reconciled?
Why is Paul so torn when he stabs the French soldier?
What does Hippolyta mean by "More witnesseth than fancy’s images"?
What is the first work of literature to reference existentialism?
Why is there no spelling consistency in Robert Ludlum's books?
Perception of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet
In Robinson Crusoe, why does Defoe include the Journal which recaps the events that are already narrated?
Persuasion by Jane Austen: Why were Anne and Lady Russell talking about curtains when they saw Captain Wentworth passing by?
What does sentence mean from "Literary Composition" by Lovecraft?
Interpreting T.S. Eliot's "The Waste Land"
When did Aristotle's Poetics first become available in England?
What exactly do these words from "The Life and Letters of Charles Darwin" mean in this context?
When was each article of Avowals and Denials written?
Question about a personal interpretation of Mckee's basic elements of Story: events and beats
Novel about a contract killer being pursued by other killers - Started with an icepick guy and ended with a Latino woman disguised as a cleaning lady
Books that are narrated using various points of view of the main characters
What is the difference between emotions and feelings in Eliot's essay Tradition and the Individual Talent?
Mann's introduction to the magic mountain?
Bakhtin quote about flat plots and characters
help identifying book in 18th or 19th century France and England
Was Shakespeare a member of the lower classes?
How does one go about translating into English a foreign language book that has been poorly translated before?
What did Steven Pressfield mean by "give" in this context?
What did Alexander Pope mean by "Expletives their feeble Aid do join"?
Name of Play about a Nazi-occupied (Nordic?) Village Population of Which Underestimated by Occupiers
Understanding Shyam Saran's "How India sees the world"
Looking for a shoujo/romance one-shot manga
Thomas McElwain as Ali Haydar?
Can three unstressed syllables constitute a substitute foot in Shakespeare?
Did T. S. Eliot write crime novels under a pseudonym?
What kind of "portable telephone" does H. P. Lovecraft write about in his letter to August Derleth?
Three Musketeers - the diamond studs
What led Tolstoy to depict that a person would have a change of heart after throwing themselves under a train?
Do genre(s) of literature exist which take advantage of the Zeigarnik Effect?
What exactly does Dickens mean to say here?
Explore the significance of imprisonment in The Tempest and Hag-seed. How do the textual conversations add to our understanding of both texts?
Anthology: one story about an astronaut falling on flowers, another about a wife trying to kill her husband
Is Steinbeck's "The Moon is Down" set in Norway?
Poem with A's and T's representing Ford model A's and T's in traffic
Book about a 10/11 year old boy with autism or something similar
Short sci-fi story called "Blood and Lust"
Book about boys camping in the wilderness; a Danish one can't speak English, but understands it
How has Okonkwo succeed in resisting the colonizer through word-play in "Things Fall Apart"?
Was the assassination plot in The Thirty-Nine Steps based on any real plot?
Fantasy book from my childhood: female protagonist, Blood Ore or Blood Metal for taking attributes
Dystopian novel that may or may not have been ahead of its time
What was the exact wording from Ivanhoe of this advice on how to free yourself from slavery?
Where did Edmond Malone place the Tempest in the chronology of Shakespeare's plays?
What is The Princess Bride's "reunion scene" that you had to write to the publisher for?
What is the significance of the traveler carrying writing materials in Ivanhoe?
Were T. S. Eliot's notes to The Waste Land partly inspired by plagiarism laws?
Did Sandburg acknowledge Twain's influence?
A woman falling at a heave from the moon and the sun
How could Frankenstein get the parts for his second creature?
When was Shakespeare's The Tempest first analysed from a "post-colonial" perspective?
Meaning of a phrase "showed up on a white charger with a new moon"
(How) have the interpretations of Macbeth's ending evolved over time?
"Rudyard Kiplings" elegi/ i chose life
Do word replacements in "A Clockwork Orange" affect the interpretation of the book as a whole?
What is the meaning of this sentence from "Polaris" by Lovecraft?
What makes Elizabeth Bennet "life-like" in "Pride and Prejudice"?
What is Mr Elliot's "early prepossession" in Jane Austen's "Persuasion"?
Why did Miep Gies write Anne Frank Remembered in English instead of Dutch?
What does Thomas More try to do with Greek puns in Utopia?
What do you call a break in rhyming in the middle of a book / poem for dramatic effect
Why does Sammy feel sorry in Updike's "A&P"?
What is the oldest mention of a unicorn in English literature?
Could Becky Sharp in "Vanity Fair" be considered a Byronic heroine?
Book: smart science kid goes to Amazon, shoots bad guys with curare darts
Help me find a Childhood fictional book about a prisoner
How successful was Barack Obama's book "Dreams from my father" before he became well-known?
In Persuasion,By Jane Austen: About a Conversation between Anne and Mrs. Smith
Was T. S. Eliot's "The Waste Land" plagiarised?
What was Fausts purpose?
Oldest children’s library in America?
What is "the dark simple curtain" in Ted Hughes' "Criminal Ballad"?
How could Francisco d’Anconia work for Reardon without breaking his oath?
Is Paul Fry correct in saying that modern hermeneutic approaches largely developed due to the Protestant Reformation?
Was Francisco d'Anconia's deliberate destruction of his competitors counterproductive to the purpose of the Strike?
What is the significance of naming the djinni Bartimaeus?
Where and how did James Joyce condemn Hamlet as a failure?
Ann Quin’s ambiguous prose
Opposite of accismus in Julius Caesar
History of Pale Fire's Criticism
What is the metre of this poem by Emily Bronte?
Looking for poem in which sleep is as great an equalizer as death
Dracula Cultural Anxieties
Gone Girl: How did Nick figure out the fourth clue?
Did Jean Rhys recognize her fictional portrait in Ford Madox Ford's *When the Wicked Man*?
Has Albert Pike's plagiarism from Robert William Mackay been described?
Adventure / Mystery book with a cool old lady and her house with automated amusements
How did the "hero mice" gain their powers in the "Geronimo Stilton" series?
What's the source of Michelangelo's quote: "Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle."?
Short story, maybe SF: non-neurotypical girl gets pregnant and older mentor (not the father) marries her
What did Twain mean by the "Creedmoor aim"?
Novel: young woman blows herself up at her rich dad's party for Latin American dictators
The origin of Tolkien's use of the term "hobbit"
Why does Liesel ignore Max at first in "The Book Thief"?
What was the "cyclops' smoky band" to which Ewan MacColl's father belonged?
Children raised out of human society - ancient stories
What does Mark Twain mean by "keep hotel"?
Can the social commentary in "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" be applied to the present?
Can someone explain what "corrupt without being charming" means?
Is there a hidden meaning in the name of Captain Foulenough?
How does the author convey the tone of the panic that can be aroused by contemplating the "prenatal abyss"?
What is the meaning of a complex sentence from "The Hedgehog and the Fox"?
What is the meaning of 'myopia' in literature studies?
Where does Goethe refer to "from the deepest mountain valley to the highest mountain top"?
Purpose of realistic literature
Who is "Luna" in Byron's "To Mary, On Receiving Her Picture"?
Do the *books* show that Hogwarts is in Scotland?
What does "wisdom that is so often loudly preached" mean in the Parable of the King and the Maiden?
Does "egourge" in Finnegans Wake derive from the Greek "egoourgos" meaning "worker for the self"?
Sartre on amorality and his influence on Vargas Llosa?
Dutch Novel: old retired actor who receives an anonymous letter offering him one last role
Was Victor Frankenstein an aristocrat?
What is the significance of Sauron never having a physical presence in the Lord of the Rings?
Protagonist's comments on his student's essay in 'The Professor' by Charlotte Brontë
Play: With A Memorable Conversation between a villain and his henchman
Is this quote by Goethe, and what is the source?
What does ahn in Maggie: A Girl of the Streets mean?
How can "Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde" be read as a commentary on Scotland?
Why does Mersault say "Hello image!" to his girlfriend?
Why was Andrew MacPhee at St. Anne's?
What's the evidence for "Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde" being secretly set in Edinburgh?
Romance Novel about Paint Company CEO
How many members of Captain Flint's crew are known?
How is Kimberly Clark a ghost in Janssen's "A Recurring Dream"?
Does Joyce, in Finnegans Wake or Ulysses, link the sound form "hoe" to "whore"?
In Penelope Fitzgerald’s short story The Prescription, significance of "Knowledge is good, but what is the use of knowledge without honesty?"
How is the theme of innocence featured in the Turn of the Screw?
Book identification: "A Bear Called Huff"
Who is Pound's Hugh Selwyn Mauberley?
Why did the Witches give the prophecy in the first place?
Why did the Macrobes demand another head at the end of That Hideous Strength?
Meaning of the slash ("/") in dialog in Ernst Toller's "Die Wandlung"
Book Identification: YA book about airplane crash in child's backyard
Story about a cave full of hibernating rattlesnakes
Middle-grade or YA book with a very smart teenager
Are the terms "metatextuality / metareference / metareferentiality" synonyms? Is the following definition correct?
Forms of foregrounding: are recurrence / equivalence the same?
Is this sentence in The Count of Monte Cristo supposed to refer to Fernand or to Albert?
Why are German language editions of Game of Thrones much more expensive than their original version counterparts?
What did the author of Moby Dick mean by the "Pythagorean Maxim"?
Romeo and Juliet “Which then most sought where most might not be found”
What does Hamlet mean when he calls Claudius a "villain"?
Looking for a short story about a person whose conversations run from A to Z
What is "the light by which she had read the book" in "Anna Karenina"?
Inconsistencies in the character of Horatio in Hamlet
How does the theme of fate manifest in 'Njal's Saga', and how does it differ from the theme of fate in the Aeneid by Virgil?
Why "all should cry, Beware! Beware!" in Coleridge's "Kubla Khan"?
Identify Arabic book, Flowers of the Spring
What does Obama mean by "running strain of innocence" in "Dreams from My Father"?
How to interpret "body that leaned stiffly" in H. P. Lovecraft's "Azathoth"?
Why isn't "white" related to colour and ''God save the King" with a god?
What does Forster mean by "Suspicion in the Oriental"?
What did Charlotte Brontë mean by "you would not be without friends”?
Early 20th century children's story: children trying to frighten an alcoholic off the bottle using dyed dogs and icicles
Source of "Immortalised in Prose, A God Among the Pages"
The significance of Lucky's speech in 'Waiting for Godot'
Name for stories which do not contain names of the characters
1970s feminist book with premise something like: All men are guilty of raping all women?
How are "sin and love and fear" "just sounds" in Faulkner's "As I Lay Dying"?
What is the earliest work with the time-loop trope?
The oldest tradition stopped before it got back to him
Children's book (maybe German) I read in about 1995, fox and badger need to dig a tunnel to escape from farmer guarding their burrow's exit
Why do Major Barbara and Undershaft shake hands?
Meaning of "rubber" as a verb in O. Henry
Why the title "Agunot" for S. Y. Agnon's short story?
Why does the boy-next-door raise objections about the racist remarks that the others are making?
Are all editions of "Joseph und seine Brüder" (by Thomas Mann) the same?
Short story by Flannery O'Connor: conversation used in psychology periodical
Meaning of "abandoned his grin to them" in Ted Hughes' "The Contender"?
Is there a useful "entry-level" annotated edition of Le Morte d'Arthur
How is Hamlet different from a conventional Elizabethan revenge play?
Fairy tale about disguised Prince searching for Princess
In "Candide", are Prussian officers recruiting for the Bulgarian army?
Skloot's The Immortal Life of Henrietta Abstraction Analysis
Does Holly Short get to say goodbye to her mom?
"The Apple Tree" ending and the meaning behind it
What is the effect of the stage directions in scene 6 of The Glass Menagerie?
Girl from poor background adopted by lord, falls for her half-sibling?
Is there some cultural significance in the "chhanna" or metal bowl?
In A Tale of a Tub, in what sense does Martin stand between Peter and Jack?
Why did the N.I.C.E. bother with Dr. Filostrato?
Is the central relationship in "Life in the Fast Lane" coercive?
UK comedy book about a man falsely accused of murder while his wife is off with the new neighbours
Virginia Woolf's stance on literary canon
What was the first novel written in the present tense?
What sort of "relief of the poor" is Thomas Deloney alluding to?
For Saintsbury, which English novelists constituted the "great quartet of the mid-eighteenth century"?
Which of these sources is right about "The Tempest"?
What is a Cawdle?
Why is Seamus Heaney's "The Cure at Troy" so often quoted in political contexts?
Why is the title of "Le Morte d'Arthur" in French if the book is in English?
What is the figurative meaning of "were you not borne at home"?
Which literature work took the longest time in its author's life (finished or not)
What does Hodgekins' "Northerne speech" mean?
Book that ends with the lines "Fall in love, it makes you brave. Ah, yes, very brave."
What sort of nemiphar's oil provided protection against torpedoes?
Albert Thibaudet and the Geneva School?
What is the earliest book where bad spelling is primarily for humor value?
What does ketha mean?
Difference between the two editions of "Great Books of the Western World"
Is this quote by Francisco d'Anconia a veiled reference to the Strike?
Since so many books are translated into so many languages
Which part or quote in Cicero is Greene referring to?
Which part of Propertius' Elegies is Castania referring to?
What work or story about Lampana and Cleophila is Robert Greene referring to?
What is the language spoken in Babylon?
What does Mother Cornelius tub refer to?
Story ends with son washing dishes, flinging dishwater outside in the cold
source of a certain Asimov quotation
What does "card" in the title "Gwydonius; The Card of Fancie" mean?
What could "mouths deformed against stone" mean?
Where did Thomas Nashe get the Latin quote he attributes to Epicharmus?
What is the text Ivan refers to in the preface to the Grand Inquisitor
Weird Timeline in ‘Salem’s Lot’
Book that I read in 1987 at school - trying to find
Who were the snake-eating Candians that Nashe is referring to?
Is there any technical term for a type of reading that focuses on minor characters in a literary work?
Is there a list of points unique to Layamon's telling of the King Arthur story?
Whose fingerprint is on the cover of "Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind"?
What is a Pippin at Michaelmas?
How long had Bertha Mason been in the attic at the point of the events in Jane Eyre
What does it mean to be as good as George a Green?
Why is Jesus upset with God?
What was the unspeakable act that V.S. Naipaul committed while at Oxford University?
Why the capitalization of "Heavens" in Rudyard Kipling's "The Secret of the Machines"?
Did William Shakespeare hide things in his writings?
Was the N.I.C.E. director modelled on H. G. Wells?
Was Edmund in the Narnia series loosely inspired by Edmund in King Lear?
Why does Linus say "I think you finished it" to Sally in this Sunday strip?
Meaning of "every dewdrop paints a bow" from In Memoriam, Section CXXII by Alfred lord Tennyson
Middle Grade book read in 2001
Is it a widespread tradition to inscribe family tree in the back of holy book?
In War and Peace, why do all the generals and Kutuzov consider it "impossible" to defend Moscow?
What does "have you no cacke a bed" mean?
What does collachrimation mean?
Spanish translation of Adversity Quotient?
Pre Colonial Native American coming of age story about a girl who travels across the country for food
Was Hemingway schizophrenic?
Description of a character in 'War and peace'
A song of ice and fire - Is there a synopsis available?
Why did Andromache call the men of Sparta ‘devious plotters and the master of lies’?
US Civil War story: man hanged from a bridge
What is the difference between spatial and temporal paratext?
From which obituary of a male "New Republic" editor do these details sound familiar?
What is Baltasar Gracián's original quote to "Some never arrive at being complete, somewhat is always awanting"?
How is “Of Mice and Men” by John Steinbeck still relevant to readers of today?
Who were the tongueless men of Coromandae?
An expression 'temporary absolution' from Maupassant's 'Confession'
A novel with a female teenage protagonist with Middle Eastern recipes interspersed with the prose
Why was Dagny Taggart so reluctant to call Dr. Robert Stadler about John Galt's motor?
What does "the gathers" mean?
Krazy language in Krazy Kat, 25 July 1936
A book about a recently graduated psychologist / psychiatrist who meets a redhead girl who is his first patient
Lack of Proper Ending in Stories by Old Indian Authors
Why did Hemingway include the following in his book, the Moveable Feast?
Searching for an Illustrated Children's Book with Animal Characters
Book about a boy named Milo who loses his eyebrows and runs away
Why did the N.I.C.E. want Mark Studdock at Belbury?
About the role of Lizaveta in Crime and Punishment
How did Pilate order Judas' death in Master and Margarita?
Story in which two brothers had to follow extremely detailed instructions to get their inheritance
What is a neckenger?
How do Pupp's remarks connect with Krazy's in Krazy Kat, 25 July 1936?
What does "garn" mean?
Children's book with a grandmother, a musician, and a park lake?
Earliest example of a story where an animal or object gains the ability to talk
What is the UDC number for uchronia?
Use of "Poke" as Victorian slang in Fingersmith
Children's book(s) with animal stories
Short story about a girl pursued by a fat man in the hills
00s (or latterly) novel which talk about a boy trying to survive in the jungle after a plane crash into a lake
Why did Arthur Waley change the title in his translation of Journey to the West?
What is the meaning of Samuel Butler's eulogy beginning "I fall asleep"?
What is "a Man in the Top" in Crawford's 'The Screaming Skull'?
A story about a car chase in a traffic jam
What does this paragraph of "An Equal Music" by Vikram Seth mean?
Help understanding this quote/hymn by Isaac Watts
Do Stevenson's pirates speak in Cornish dialect?
Reference for Dante Quote
How can Stella Salzman be Christian while her father Pinny Salzman is Jewish?
Why does Pennywise Kill Patrick Hockstetter?
Why might Mr. Bingley "leave the next generation to purchase" in "Pride and Prejudice"?
Who's this African soldier? What does Conrad mean?
English translation of The Promised Land by Władysław Reymont
If Hamlet, being a prince, outranked Horatio, why did he address him as "sir"?
What real word is "havekar" alluding to?
Meaning of "a ship saluting like a stuntman" in Ted Hughes' "In Laughter"
Is A Supplement to the Journey to the West from the 17th century the oldest Chinese work of literature involving time travel?
Poem about moving beds
Analysis of "Liberty Tree" by Thomas Paine
In the short story "Should Wizard hit Mommy" by John Updike,what is the author conveying through his narrated story and contradicting actions
Why does Mr Darcy immediately suspect Mrs Gardiner of telling Elizabeth of his hand in marrying Lydia?
"Just William" story where he gets a mouth organ on Christmas Day
"Just William" story in which school choir is mistaken for wolves
"Remembrance Day" in "Jude the Obscure"
Did 'A Doll's House' spark controversy over its dismissal of social classes?
Larry Csonka and the Chocolate Factory confirmation of existence
Why is Lorca so angry against 'the urban faggots?'
In 'Roman Fever' by Edith Wharton, why would Grace be raided?
Is "Africa" by Toto focused on the woman referred to in the beginning of the song, or on Africa itself?
Meaning of ché in several French or Martiniquan Creole phrases in Wide Sargasso Sea
What is the logic in this quote about raids in 'Roman Fever' by Edith Wharton?
What do "current words" mean in 'Roman Fever' by Edith Wharton?
Doubt about modern "Character creation" and the Poetics (by Aristotle)
How much did Lombard know about the murders in "And Then There Where None"?
How can "Death be not proud" be related to the areas of exploration?
Any textual evidence from Shakespeare's Macbeth regarding Macbeth's oath to kill the king?
Lady sprains her ankle
How was poetry born?
In "Memories of Childhood", why are two seemingly unrelated excerpts being presented together?
Cold war spy novel: wife of a US rocket scientist (or journalist) is a Russian spy in disguise, but claims to actually love him
What does Fingersmith say about the relationship between feminism and pornography
Why are the names Rumi and Mevlana respectively used for the famous poet?
Why were Mr Darcy's discoveries "mortifying" in "Pride and Prejudice"?
In 'Pride and Prejudice',why was Mary's performance bad compared to Elizabeth's?
Aesop's ambiguous fables
Calvin & Hobbes names choice
What are "abortive sorrows" and "short-winded elations" in "The Great Gatsby"?
Does someone know the "Moment of Ljewin" in Anna Karenina?
Does 'In a Grove' assume that dead people don't lie?
Can anyone identify this parody of 'Consider the ant'?
Origin of "give a watermelon a pure fit" in "Blood Meridian"
When was the Party founded?
Are coins usually turned around before handed to beggars?
Which book(s): Fictional account of pre-columbian indians
Russian children's book about a boy's first train journey
Looking for a short story about shifting priorities in life for a wedding newspaper
What effect did the knocking at the gate in "Macbeth" have on Thomas De Quincey?
Is there a formal term for "mispronunciation as a comedic device"?
Western novel series set around the civil war
What is the book that has an abandoned DeSoto in it along with two raccoons?
Who is Thomas o' Becket" in Tristram Shandy?
Why did the gods decide that Enkidu must die?
The meaning of "Lovers' Food"
Fantasy children’s novel about a boy who can’t lie
What does "ought to make a good thing out of this" mean in "New Grub Street"?
Context of "swifter than arrow from the Tartar's bow"?
What is the origin of the trope of an evil character whose name is not permitted to be spoken?
John Betjeman’s "Suicide on Junction Road Station after Abstention from Evening Communion in North London"
What was Septimus Warren Smith's rank?
Is there any special significance in Dr. Rutenspitz's last words to Mr. Golyadkin?
What are T. S. Eliot’s “Jellicle Cats” and “Pollicle Dogs”?
