Could applying an anaconda choke to a turtled opponent be mistaken for a neck crank in gi BJJ?
Why is osoto guruma named osoto guruma?
Why is osoto guruma in dai gokyo?
What are Kung Fu's Tao Lu and Chang quan?
Why do we train martial arts?
Can you be immune to chokeholds?
What drills are good to escape/break Spider Guard?
Rising Block or High Block stylistic question
Should I start competition or wait for green belt
Training Footwork for people with knee issues
What information should I consider when choosing a martial art to study?
a relaxed and calm feeling after an intense practice?
Defence against Wing Chun
How do I increase endurance levels to cope with Muay Thai demands?
How can I use mindfulness to regain focus during Muay Thai?
What can I do to stretch my legs out further?
What is the main technical focus of Bushin Ryu?
Best martial art for someone with bad elbow?
How to avoid recoiling when someone pushes you?
Building shoulder flexibility for Queda de Quatro
Western Boxing Styles and their Features
What is the best way to learn Wing Chun?
Where can I find statistics on attack modalities?
How does one effectively use focus mitts in training?
How should one physically prepare for BJJ?
What adult BJJ belt would a junior blue belt receive upon turning 16?
Is there any IWUF-compliant material of Wushu techniques and forms for reference?
Risk of using headlocks in a real-life situation
Why is seoi-nage a hand technique?
When doing a hip throw, is there a such thing as too low?
Why did Kano focus on grappling?
What do I need to watch out for when dealing with shorter opponents?
What are the chances of breaking my nose if I take up a Judo class?
Tips for increasing power of bankai
What are the long term health consequences of practising judo?
Karate - Hangetsu (Seisan) - can one damage one's muscles through slow movements?
What is the name of this bo?
How to prepare your mind before practicing martial arts
Falling leaf ukemi
Oshitaoshi ukemi name
How does one train for a spinning reverse kick?
Etymology and meaning of ukemi
Why do we do ukemi aka break falls?
Is there some experts based resources on self defense techniques?
could someone name some weird looking martial arts
Are punches that impact an eye dangerous? (Muay Thai)
Apache Knife Fighting System
How to avoid gassing out during a BJJ or Grappling tournament?
How should a BJJ practitioner run?
Proper form for tae kwon do spinning side kicks
Underwater Rear Naked Choke
Is it good or bad to compete in a higher weight class?
How many days per week shoud I train BJJ?
Muay Thai or Krav Maga?
The (hidden?) meaning of "Karate is life"
What techniques would be effective in Zero Gravity?
Stahara word usage
BJJ- Gym training that is beneficial (specific to BJJ)?
In Muay Thai during clinching, can you hold an opponents glove to your chest by pressing on it?
BJJ: Best guard/strategy for stocky guys?
where i can attack on enemy's body
Correct position to leave an attacker after choking them unconscious?
Half guard bottom/top tips?
is Jun Chong TKD a legitimate TKD dojo for self defense?
Does training in gi help to prepare for a no gi competition?
Is the highest judo belt really red?
Panantukan numbered template?
What techniques exist for blocking knees in a clinch?
Arm Toughening Without Losing Sensitivity
what is the real history and purpose of silat in a fight?
When are the new WTF competition rules going to happen?
Preferring BJJ concepts over Technique?
How useful is it to have regular Thai massages parallel to Muay Thai training and is yoga a substitute?
What is the strategic difference between Krav Maga and Systema?
To punch with keys or without?
Utility of pre planned moves
Practical knife defense stance
Good sources on using sticks for grappling/locks?
In which situations in Muay Thai is the 'super man' punch used and why is it more effective than the normal 'cross punch'?
Maintaining Guard- Breaking Posture and switching from closed to butterly/open guard effectively?
What are the belt colors of Tae Kwon Do in order?
How harmful are kicks to the private parts in krav maga?
Endurance vs. Technique in Boxing
Solo martial art learning
Which techniques are available in Muay Thai for blocking/avoiding a high roundhouse kick to the head?
Best to learn for self defense: Wrestling, Boxing, or Jiu Jitsu
Aikido forward roll with backpack
How much should the torso and shoulders rotate when throwing a powerful cross in Muay Thai?
How to train for improved balance?
What are the starting points for learning Tae Kwon Do?
How to restore my bogu equipment
Are Peyton Quinn's books appropriate for a 19 year old or are they beyond my level?
Can Karate/Hand Chops be lethal?
How do electronic sensing socks / chest protection sensors work in sport competition?
How fit should I become to pursue boxing?
Reality Based Self Defense Scenarios
BJJ: HOW to use technique over strength when rolling?
It makes sense to develop explosive forward movement?
Is measuring tape an effective weapon?
If Karate is supposed to be way of the empty-handed, then why does Gosoku-ryū use weapon katas?
Is a triple-sworded style viable against one or dual wielding sword oppenents?
What value is there in using a 'bag glove' during pad work in Muay Thai training?
Slashing vs thrusting (bladed weapon vs pointed weapon)
Difference between Judo, Karate and Martial Arts?
Good shoulder roll from a dive
Combat drill with multiple oponents
Teaching ukemi to children
How does the Karate Styles Shotokan and Gōjū-ryū compare to each other?
Which book to start learning Jeet Kune Do
From how low should the fist in an uppercut start from in Muay Thai?
How do boxers survive punches to the head?
Down a hand, looking for new martial art
Are Aikido joint locks harmful to children?
Benefits of training to fight multiple attackers
What is the biggest force ever produced by an impact from the human body?
What is the oldest martial art?
Should I sign up for my school if I notice inexperience black belts?
What are the functional differences between the five main T'ai Chi styles?
Martial Arts Weapons for Home Defense?
What are the benefits of learning weapons?
How can I learn martial at home when I'm alone in home?
How to avoid aggravating a sprain while training in MMA?
Learning grappling without an instructor
How can I become a good training partner
Best karate book
Footwork in JKD for advancing elbow strikes
Would it be possible to mimic the knockout punch that Rex Layne received in 1951?
Is it okay to use a pulley to stretch?
Is grabbing or manipulating the nose potentially an effective attack?
What is the difference between Muay Thai and Kickboxing?
A straight Punch on the nose can knock a person unconscious.How do fighters (MMA, Boxers etc) survive such repeated direct blows to their nose?
What drill or form can I practice with a push broom while sweeping the sidewalk?
Practicing Mixed Martial Arts Versus Practicing One Specific Form of Martial Arts
I want to learn bo jutsu, there is no bo jutsu dojo within 300KM where I can get in
Holding Thai pads safely
Which martial art would minimize hand injury?
how realistic is the martial arts portrayed in the movie Old Boy?
Boxing vs karate for self-defense?
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu mat size and material for casual 1v1?
Should I go to boxing practice while still sore? Is it normal soreness?
Is it allowed in Muay Thai to throw a cartwheel kick with your standing leg when the other is held?
How to defend yourself when you are outclassed?
Developing arm strength and stamina for boxing. Dumbbells or wrist weights?
How to learn these movements?
Is it respectful for someone of a coloured rank to date a black belt?
How do I make sure students refer to me by my title during class
Best martial art for a late bloomer
How to improve speed, strength and condition for Kyokushin karate?
Which will result in more brain damage, being a heavy weight or lightweight boxer?
What do the colors of Gi in Jiu-Jitsu mean and which to get?
Only one ankle weight when kicking
Purpose of exchange block in toigye form
What's the outcome when there's a double knockout?
Style vs instructor
The "secret" back escape of Keenan Cornelius
What did Dai Longbang mean by Qi?
Has anyone collected an openlist of "best practices/lessons learned" for seminars
Should I stay in a Muay Thai gym where the fighters hit without much restraint or consideration?
Frequent ribcage injuries, is this normal?
Finding the forearm pressure point in Aikido's yonkyo grip?
Preventing and/or healing sore wrists and elbows in boxing
Videos and/or explicit instruction on hand wrapping for boxing
Training martial arts in china
Reducing Soreness?
Are there any styles that are geared to people over 61?
Risk of brain damage in casual/moderate Muay Thai sparring
Get A wrestling dummy filled or unfilled
How can I avoid hip injury while practicing Tae Kwon Do?
Is it advisable to try to catch a low kick to the thigh in Muay Thai?
Taekwondo Block Bunkai Vs. Shotokan Block Bunkai
Overcoming fear/anxiousness and dealing with pain
Aikido - working with difficult uke
Doing MMA or a doing multiple individual martial arts, which is more effective?
In MMA, should you try to block punches with your glove in the same way you could in Muay Thai?
How to deal with unfair judges
Please tell me the correct way to sit seiza
What is the name of this Taekwondo black belt bo form?
Chinese Dadao info?
What is the name of this style? (Karate maybe?)
Is it possible to learn Martial Arts (Kung Fu in my case) effectively without sparring?
Kyokushin in India?
Martial art without exam and secrets
BJJ Instructor and Fighter Ranks
What do I need to promote someone to Taekwondo dan rank under the Kukkiwon?
Replace Broken Kwan Dao Handle?
Addressing martial artists of another style
Does judo work against someone not wearing a judogi?
What are the advantage of wearing a rashguard under the Gi in BJJ?
Which ITF Taekwon-do organisation has most members
What is the most effective method for the roundhouse kick?
Defending against an aggressive and heavier opponent
How to build a Gi checker?
Can my body learn to split at 25?
Can i do judo or jiu-jitsu even if I have braces?
JKD spin kick vs. Taekwondo spin kick
Boxing - how to make a blunt "charging" of a heavier opponent, unaffordable for him?
Self-defense with hemiphlegia
Close quarter's defense: when you stand face to face with an attacker
Is Spin Hook Kick A Defensive or Offensive Kick?
What are the main uses of aikido in self-defense?
Best moment to land a low kick?
Martial Art focused on upper body strikes
Is a Master always required to learn kung fu?
Why do lighter fighters have better cardio than heavier ones?
Punishment in the Martial arts
What style to do?
How to defeat a much stronger and bigger opponent?
What is the best point-scoring technique?
What are the corrects words to greet our shifu?
Aikido in a street fight?
MMA - Long Hair
Is mutual death (ai uchi) the outcome of any duel between champions in saber?
Wearing a fitness tracker during a martial arts session
Do some kung fu schools teach certain kung fu styles for example tiger style and panther style or all of them in one school?
Where can you learn Jiu Jitsu (not BJJ) anywhere in Japan?
What is the liability issuewith personal defense classes?
Are there any effective Kung Fu fighters in MMA?
Calf Slicer vs Vaporizer
Do pins in judo have to be standard pins?
Blisters from sticks
Baguazhang in India?
What would be a good gym workout for a Muay Thai fighter?
Is this shaolin tutorial any good for self-study?
Treating wooden weapons
Surefire tactical flashlight effective on sunglasses?
I want to learn Jiu Jitsu here in Japan, so do you guys know a school in Japan where they teach Jiu Jitsu, not BJJ?
Pain and if it can be eased in a fight
Identifying a physical training device (pictures of a vertical padded tube with horizontal pipes coming out)
Muay Thai defensive techniques against grappling attacks
Pursuing Tae Kwon Do and Karate at same time
Is 16 too late of an age to start hapkido or judo?
How to avoid injuries in spinal ligaments?
How to fix velcro wrist strap on boxing gloves?
Bottom leg Volta Por Cima
What to do in full guard when you are able to grab your opponents knee as he stands up?
Avoiding Knuckle Scrapes with Bag Work
Best martial art for a big guy?
I would like to start ju jitsu
Electric Chair Submission
Do martial arts encourage bad posture habits?
How to avoid knee injury?
Chi as a weapon?
Is there any special term for eskrima sticks?
Recovery/healing from a strained thumb from a bad wrist hold
The 180 degree leg split
Should I buy a Judo gi or BJJ gi for BJJ practice?
To retract or not to retract when doing kicks?
Joining a new dojo, would this be inappropriate?
Is Wing Chun or Krav Maga suitable for a sailing lifestyle
Mouthguards and judo
Can anyone ever fight as people do in movies?
As a beginner, how many classe(s) a week to take?
Mouthguard for sparring with extra special gag reflex
Should I join the dojo?
How to deal with an "anti-violence" instinct during sparring?
Looking for Yoshinkan Aikido Dojos in Osaka
Why is this samurai able to chop pellet gun bullets
Is it possible to learn kick boxing without punching bag?
Preventing jammed toes when throwing push kick
Tips for alleviating soreness?
What sort of questions drive karate forward?
How to avoid calf pain with heel stomp
Using a punching bag without stand
Should I start going to tournaments?
Is it possible to learn martial arts only by myself?
How to "man up" to begin a martial art?
To what extent does height give an advantage in any type of fight?
Should I speed up my breathing or slow down my tai chi?
What is the best way to avoid armlocks?
What is Qi Energy?
What kind of stretching should I do before starting my boxing practice?
Eye protection Muay Thai
Proper Foot Orientation on Spinning Back Kick
Flat footed resistencia
How to win a street fight without putting anyone's life in danger?
would this combo of MAs be well rounded or no?
Allow child to progress up the belts?
Does practising judo increase the likelihood of sustaining a brain injury?
Karate Kata for those recently given birth
How do Boxers and other Martial Arts practitioners deal with pain?
Is there a reason that the red part of the belt is on the left side?
What should I be looking for in my first, trial class? [For Chinese arts specifically]
what kind of gym work out is necessary for a Tae kwon do learner?
How do you prevent/mitigate finger injuries in judo/bjj?
Aikido kotegaeshi
Why did a Samurai always wear their katana on the left side?
Left handed Japanese sword techniques
Until one has mastered a martial art, is one actually more vulnerable to attack than before training began?
What kind of punching bag should I get?
Should my body type influence my choice of martial art to learn?
Are McDojo fees worth it for a good school/instructor?
How many takedown techniques exist in Judo
More dirty tricks in Ju Jitsu compared to other martial arts?
Can jiu jitsu wear down your teeth?
Lower center of gravity an advantage?
What is a fast way for a beginner to experience qi unambiguously in their own body?
How painful is it for professional fighters to get hit
Will training Muay Thai affect my BJJ skills?
Will training in boxing affect my karate skills?
How to improve my skills when I'm highest ranked
How to properly initiate or use karate( any style that uses the beginning blocks since they're actually grappling techniques)grappling techniques
Do you take supplements like protein when you train in Martial Arts?
What is the best way to improve my conditioning for martial arts
"Modern" Boxing Gloves & Punching Technique
tae-kwon-do and shito ryo karate practice together
Filipino martial arts question and teacher respect
How to deal with an excessively aggressive student that is turning people off sparring classes?
Am I Being Used By My Dojo?
Wrestling strategies
Avoiding big toe skin split
Do Martial artists live longer
Is it okay to dye hair?
Need help with sanchin kata
What to do with a grabbed leg?
East/South Asian student vs Western student quality & commitment
Question about wide swinging punches
Source for Bruce Lee "Adapt What Is Useful" Quote
Aikido - overcoming tension
Does anyone actually fight with two katana simultaneously?
Training two martial arts at the same time, on the same days of the week?
What martial arts are similar to Systema?
Men hitting women too hard in martial arts
Not being able to spar correctly
Kick to the jaw injury rehabilitation
traumatic experiences causing martial arts skittishness
Wing chun - practising
Moving from Karate Style
Martial Arts Technique Against Knife Attack
What forms of martial arts are recommended for existing injuries?
Taekwondo training to help Karate-do kicks
Extra training to avoid new injuries
Check my form - 8 point block
In terms of MMA, what is a back kick?
What is the optimum interval duration for interval training?
Is there a reason why wing chun is uncommon in MMA
Martial arts club politics
Injured my wrist in Krav Maga 8 months ago and now it hurts again
Do I have a bad Wing Chun teacher and is Wing Chun worth it?
What is a grandmaster?
What is the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu gi/no-gi controversy?
Is There Any Martial Art Where They Use Legs For Grappling?
How to fit a gumshield it some teeth are missing
Is it better for wrestlers to train against other wrestlers, or against jiu jitsu players?
Is it okay to spar without gloves?
When training spinning kicks, is it more important to prioritize control or height?
Is the way US military academies teach boxing atypical with respect to concussions?
Any ITF Taekwon-Do Sine wave studies?
What martial arts resources discuss biomechanics of maximizing efficient force generation?
How did jiujitsu spread to Britain?
Age of martial arts
Best Martial Arts For Home Training
How do I train the basics of martial conditioning and strength?
Is Krav Maga a hybrid martial art?
Martial Arts wannabe accosting and threating neighbor who simply complains over parking issue
Is there a modern technology for constructing a katana?
WTF Sport Taekwondo - Beating front-leg fighters
What is the most effective way to teach Jiu Jitsu
Starting my own HEMA club, any advice?
Is this character using Aikido?
What is this name of this kind of joint lock?
Child with attention difficulties in my karate class
Training on hard ground
HEMA Wrestling Guide
Vegetarian diet for a combat sport athlete?
Dobok absorbs sweat
Soft/Energy drinks effects for tae kwon do players
What is the best type of diet for serious competition training?
Buying My First Metal Sword (HEMA)
Arm bar crushes the groin
Seeing improvements when training alone?
Is Kicking with Shin is a weakness / advantage in Muay Thai?
Applying WTF Tae-Kwon-Do to self-defense
What does it mean to "chamber a kick"?
Tips to kick in the thigh without being blocked by the knee
Problem with more senior club member
how to survive not doing hardcore Judo after losing your ACL forever
Learning Kung Fu - Resources
Some crazy kick identification
Gum Shield for someone with false teeth
Is hitting hard objects really effective in making bones harder?
Do Aikido wrist locks work against stronger opponents?
Have you seen a fight between *top* Judo and Aikido practitioners?
MMA/UFC statistical analysis
What are effective self-defense martial arts for smaller woman
Choice of a sword for HEMA
Improving my back stance
Gloves for longsword sparring
Does anyone else experience slow motion when fighting?
"World Master" Title in Korean TKD
How to deal with a substantially shorter opponent?
How to recover from (or defend against) pressure point strikes?
Cardio/ Jujitsu excercise without using legs
What Defines Something As A Martial Art?
How did Jose Aldo lose so fast?
Video evidence of Aikido applied against a resisting non-aikidoka?
Impact of arching the back when kicking
Can I learn martial arts at a Shaolin temple by helping out at the temple?
Best martial arts for a 6 and 8 year old?
Does weight and muscle power really impact punch power and kick?
Where to focus to develop a better sense of balance?
Stretching for kicks
Value of private lessons for beginners (submission wrestling)
Why is using wristlock throws so frowned upon in BJJ even though they are not illegal?
Kendo techniques
Should I quit competitive sparring class in tae kwon do?
How can you properly learn techniques which are too dangerous to ever apply?
Are there viable ways to simulate the body reactions to a punch landed to the face?
I have full dentures top and bottom... should I fit my mouthguard to my dentures or directly to my gums?
Mouth guards for boxing with braces
How a woman can teach martial art for men?
How do blood chokes actually work?
5-year old struggles with his new Tae Kwon Do classes
how to use o2 mask to training martial arts
Norwegian/Germanic martial arts forms
Two-Handed Basket-Hilted Sword Usage?
Okinawan karate (or other style?) more suited for Karate-ka with injuries?
What disciplines/grades to list for social network martial arts site?
Self training (don't have time nor money)
How effective is Tai Chi as a martial art in street fights?
Does Krav Maga or any Martial Arts helps preparing to get stabbed?
Gymming and Martial arts at the same time
Aikido and Bulking Up?
How do I make my ginga more stable?
How do I make my ginga flow better?
Is bowing a universal sign of respect across all martial arts?
What to do if 2 guys, each one a gun, assault you?
Luta Livre vs Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
Resources explaining the differences between martial arts / combat styles for artistic purposes?
Identification of a kick sounding like "Sashay"(?) used in "Savah"(?)
Is kickboxing dangerous even if hits to the head aren't allowed?
Exercises to prepare for "long airtime" kicks
Boxing Micro Rings
How is karate different to boxing or other martial arts technique wise
To prevent injuries, how do you discourage people from using excessive force?
Balance in boxing when slipping
What are the best techniques to fight with a heavier and stronger rival
Act first as fast as you can and surprise in real fight
Weight distribution and balance in boxing
Fall Differences between Jiu-Jitsu, Aikido, Judo
How to release yourself from back arm lock control?
Being too passive when grappling
How to cope with rival that carries stone or folding chair (Klappstuhl) or chair
What are the advantages to adding a jump to a kick?
What happens to a person being choked?
Iwama ryu bokutō
Stacking mats so they slide less
Hangetsu dachi, Seisan dachi, goat-clamping stance - the same?
How to escape from a rear wrist lock & twist lock
Effectiveness of Shorinji Kempo and acupuncture pressure point attacks
Southern Praying Mantis Kung Fu - Multiple attacker methodology
Taekwondo tornado kick defense
Is taking away a belt appropriate discipline?
Shotokan Karate front stance - weight is over the front knee? Or centre?
Starting off in HEMA without joining a club
Is the following position realistic in any fight?
Street fights that ends on ground is BJJ is the ultimate solution?
Is iaido a martial art by itself? Or is it just a complement to kendo?
Should I follow the class or instructor's breathing rate during Tai Chi breathing exercises?
Close street fight vs far distance
How to escape from a sankyo grip?
Low kick and block with shank-bone
Is it expected that all training stances/positions will have direct fighting applications?
Why can't you rip your arm out of a BJJ arm lock?
Balance in martial arts stance
Fitness in martial arts
How to fight and control equipped motorcycle driver
How long should the Tai Chi basic 24 form take?
Fighters checking newer fighters?
Maximizing Liver Shot Damage
Why do teachers skip belts?
Swallowing hurts after BJJ neck restraint
Is chi kung just deep breathing?
Non-sexist equivalent of "Man up" within the dojo
Finding out why people leave?
Does your gender effect your competitive potential?
Do any martial arts have mixed gender competitions?
What is the difference between a Teacher & an Instructor?
Is it common and expected that shifus give theory classes about stuff like TCM, meridians and joints?
Low kicks vs high kicks in street fight
Benefits of women only sessions
Practicing a form with closed eyes
Drills for improving front kicks
What is the minumum training time to remain proficient?
Baratoplata vs Kimura
Problems hip throwing a larger opponent
What's the difference between Krav Maga and Urban Krav Maga?
What is the most effective cold weapon alternative to knife?
Training to avoid freezing up in self-defense
Judo - Why does the ref sometimes pause the match when it goes to the ground?
Wing Chun for practical, close in defense
Systema: "Beyond the physical" force generation
Why all the wrist grabs?
What does it mean to be rooted, and how is being rooted different from being balanced?
What should I do if I'm fencing stick-on-stick and we get stuck?
What is exactly a cross face position in BJJ?
Wing Chun sash color rankings in order
Why do boxers huff each time they throw a punch?
Has there ever been a boxer who fought like Prince Naseem Hamed?
How widespread is oomoto-kyo within the Aikido community?
How to address this issue with my sifu
Is the Brendan Ingle style of boxing really healthier in the long run?
Henka training - how to progress
Why is it so essential to do a full leg split to learn martial art?
How do I choose a suitable martial art for me?
Is there a statistical correlation between deaths in the ring and having one's father in the corner as one's trainer?
Why do ninjas stop with their follow through when attacking
creativity and strength of a strike
Self development and training
If clinching is technically illegal, why does it almost always go unpunished?
How necessary is youth and flexibility in Jiu Jitsu? As compared to Boxing?
Is this normal for a two section staff?
How to get a punch through opponents guard?
Sports and martial arts
Why don't male professional boxers wear shirts?
Unable to continue fighting but the fight is over?
Daily Tae Kwon Do routine to improve kicks
Single Leg X or Ashi Garami
Martial art with lots of high kicks
How to condition the head/skull in order to break bricks with it?
Defence in martial arts in general
"plucking" as defense for a choke from behind
Release from back choking rope
Does size matter?
What are the six ways to keep a left jab from landing?
Leg side raises with lordosis
Which devices might help against an attack?
How do you escape from a front head lock?
What Resources Are There For Knife And Sword Rights Activism In The USA?
What is the 'best' way to train / practice back flips?
Effectiveness of Throws on the Ground and Standing Up (Judo, BJJ etc)
Practicing boxing using rope or sheet hanging from the ceiling
Karate practise by thera band
What area of the leg should I perform a turning kick with?
My Kumite fight after 4 hours
Why do we say "kiyay" in karate?
Strategy for defence in street fight for good kicker who throw punches in short distance
How to deal with pressure in a grading
Looking for a martial art to do, self defense without causing pain?
Martial Arts with arthritis
When is it appropriate to respond with osu?
Mixing different martial arts?
How to train out of dojo during summer?
Head movement technique
Picking a selfie stick with an eye to defense - carbon fibre vs aluminium characteristics?
Martial art to start with very little background of boxing
Terror and mass shooting attacks
What kind of martial art if I'd like to defend myself but don't want to hurt others?
How to stop taekwondo warrior using Krav Maga with no need of timing?
Does good Karate gi make difference
How to visualize a Krav Maga straight punch?
Technical differences between Muay Thai and Muay Boran
Technique identification in a wrestling match
How do you harden the outer side of your thighs?
Why do fencers point their back foot to the side in the en garde position?
Krav Maga & TKD strikes similar
Any conditioning exercise that can prevent concussion caused by a punch or kick to the head or neck?
The source of Muay Thai techniques terminology
Where to find a training partner for home based practicing?
How to notice if your instructor knows what he's talking about
Which Martial Art for sport for a young person with stiff body?
The Grandmaster's Rank
Burnout or boredom in martial arts class
What are the signs that a dojo could be classed as a McDojo?
Release from pulling back with stretched hands and locked elbows
Release from back choke when your face and body turn to the floor
What kind of kick is this?
Improving punching power with a medicine ball
Is accuracy less important in street and Krav Maga?
Knocked Out but not Knocked Unconscious?
Why do Muay Thai players wear armbands?
Are we doing randori properly?
Is it possible to cross train Kyokushin and Freestyle Wrestling?
Practicing Muay Thai kicks with no partner
Karate and Judo?
Judo for real world self defense?
Running Drag Resistance Parachute and Agility Ladder
Advice on wearable technology during MMA class to alert me of critical phone calls (on-call 24/7)
One inch kick technique
Help choosing a martial art
Sparring w/ Elbow Strikes
Starter kit for Muay Thai
Nunchaku demonstration under-the-arm protective pads
Practice focus at home
How to defend from Karambit attack
How do you reliably measure your punching power?
Is it possible to learn Wing Chun remotely?
What is the purpose of the upward palm block in Taekwondo
How to improve flexibility for a 40yo guy
My instructor disrespected me or am I overreacting?
Why did Ueshiba name his art Aikido (合気道)?
Hip problems and roundhouse kick?
How to teach intent?
Kendô, iaidô, jôdô, battodô, chanbara... Which one should I pick?
How did the modernization of Karate weaken its self-defense applications?
What is the best martial art to learn for the military?
Few discipline/will-power builiding technique/drill that any martial art beginner practices
What would be the reason that Muay Thai is not very popular in the US?
Am I allowed to start Krav Maga training at 14?
Brazillian Jiu-Jitsu Kid to Adult ranking transition
Story from "Hagakure: Book of the samurai"
How can I improve my Capoeira low game other than "just doing it"?
Measurement of the practicality of a martial art
Dojo not quite right or am I overreacting
Grip on a Kung-Fu staff (Bo) during training
Difference between a jab, wing-chun punch, and corkscrew punch
Trying to find a martial art that fits
Martial art against verbal hate crime
How can I improve my defense speed?
What do you call this type of spin?
What rules should be used to allow fair stand up fights between any martial art
Are painted berimbaus appropriate for music?
Will using a gyroscopic training device eliminate (or greatly reduce) wrist and elbow pain?
What to look for in a wooden weapons set
What are some supplimental training techniques which improve the practice of martial arts?
How to do Shomen Ate?
How to counter martelo de negtiva
Is Elastic a good partner to keep training when far from dojo
Why is more time dedicated to exercises and very less for sparring? Is it for the fee?
Name and meaning of stance where you stand with fists on hips?
What is the negative impact when beginners learn both Yoshinkan aikido and Shodokan aikido at the same time?
Is this a good kick for self defence?
Best way to get started in martial arts without classes or instructors?
Reliable Statistics About Martial Arts
Iron Body - Name of Beating Tool
Martial arts to intimidate school bullies
why was one strike by a 10 year old girl effective?
Are there any differences between karategi, judogi, and aikidogi?
Lineage: Who is my Sifu?
How to counter ankle pick takedown?
Can I still practice judo with a bad hip?
What is the name of the side-turn defense in Capoeira?
What striking oriented arts will complement wrestling/grappling MMA practice
Front and back flip at home
What is the most effective way to pass dela riva spider?
Repetition or new exercises while leading a Martial Arts club in a University?
How do I store an unstrung berimbau?
Can I learn Krav Maga with a prior back injury?
Switching schools/styles - Is it disrespectful to ask about differences in technique?
Starting two or more different martial arts at the same time
Martial arts based on throws
For what martial arts is the chance of being injured while training less than the chance of being injured by assault?
Best Martial Arts System for 4 year old?
Are injuries from Assault more Severe than those Sustained During Martial arts Practice?
Solar Plexus: how to reinforce it?
How can I become good in Bjj?
Origin of this Zen koan-like story
Under what conditions would you prefer o-guruma to ashi-guruma?
Attacks against intoxicated individual with high pain tolerance
Increase left hook power
Knowing Happen in Every Martial's Battle
Aikido demonstration with master(s) as uke
How is Zenpou Hiyaku Ukemi taught in Shodokan Aikido?
First fictional film to show Aikido
Are the majority of martial arts injuries from people returning to training after a break?
Apply Falling Technique in Real Situation
Improve left uppercut technique
How dangerous are long thumb nails
How to increase hand speed in boxing
Is it appropriate to display the dojo kun at home?
Kicking after ACL Reconstruction
What's this footwork technique called?
Solo drills to improve footwork
Improve perception and reaction time
Trouble keeping heel down during katas
What is the name of dynamic, non-resistant form of sparring in Japanese?
How to build calf endurance?
Leaning out of axis
Just started martial arts
Why are there 52 moves in the ITF form Choong-Jang?
How to train in taekwondo at 77 years old
Considering boxing for improvement in Muay Thai punches
How I can read "Record" results of MMA Fight?
How many people practice Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu globally?
If I'm 12 and a white belt, what belt will I be when I turn 18?
Supposedly potentially deadly techniques
Double and Twin definitions
Korean term for Side-piercing Kick
Question about types of motion in ITF Taekwon-do
Is there any Systema in John Wick 2?
How to build shoulder endurance
Do passive training years count as experience?
What fighting style is used in "Into The Badlands"?
Itf taekwon-do competition rules for patterns
How do General Choi and his peers consider mental illness
Looking for videos about Shodokan Aikido Basic Techniques
How does martial arts philosophy consider suicide?
What height should women tie their belts?
Does the Energy "Chi" or "Qi" has more strength and cannot be refuted?
Is there any textual description available for the Cordao de Ouro Miudinho Sequences?
Negative effect of splits
Getting more comfortable sitting in 正座 (seiza)
Unexpected vs expected hits to sensitive areas
Relation between martial arts and psychodelics?
Fact check-- highest belt level for a 21 year old
Tutor demands respect
Does particular traditional attire affect the ability to learn and perform martial arts?
Old school leather bag gloves
What are the origins of the Isshin ryu's vertical fist with thumb on top?
Safe Sparring Spear
Aikido seiza: Why is the left toe placed over the right toe?
Did martial arts really originate from India and is it based on yoga?
What styles of martial arts flow well together for mixed techniques and styling?
What are techniques to minimize harm from having long hair in combat?
Which martial arts exercise helps to reduce weight?
The risk of breaking teeth when executing shomen ate or ai game ate in competition
Looking for martials arts with similar wing chun mindset
Which leg muscles create the most punching power and how to strengthen them
What are the physical requirements for Sumo wrestlers? No exposing six-packs?
Ways for Chin Strengthening
How do I beat someone taller with longer legs?
Training punching vertically pad on the floor
Getting out from underneath a heavier opponent when pinned face down
How to do Pai kui and the Cheet jeung techniques?
Preventing Muscle Soreness on a Budget?
Why do chinese martial arts sometimes move the sword around the neck?
How can I teach students to relax and not rely on muscle strength
What is this stance shifting maneuver from Chun Kuk Do (maybe Tang Soo Do)?
Punching a speed ball against a wall
Advantages of a Short, Strong Build?
How to release from Jiu Jitsu throw?
Has anyone studied the demographics of martial arts?
An Ontology of Combat II
Punching, vertical vs horizontal
Historical "speed" archery
Can Karate Stand a Chance Against Aikido
Does Kung-Fu come from Kalaripayattu?
How much time is required for heel stretch?
Self Defense with One Arm Full
Keysi Fighting Method
Why was the Original Koryo form replaced?
How to avoid being encircled by a body triangle?
what is the best martial arts to study if you have ptsd
Origins of the ura-waza
Why are gedanbarai, gyakuzuki and uraken so significant in basic
Can video games make you a better martial artist?
Will leaving a school hurt my credentials as an instructor in another art?
How to spar against a weaker opponent
Judo throw/techniques for taller people
Can any arbitrary technique be used to counter a certain technique in Shodokan aikido?
Spread-finger tegatana versus Squeezed-together-finger tegatana
How useful is a Karambit for Everyday Carry - noncombat
What is "Direct Penetration" from The Book of Five Rings book of Water?
Single slap versus double slaps in 2 hand ukemi
How do I increase my flexibility to obtain a full lotus position?
What are basic kung fu stances?
Is there a way to carry a knife in your teeth without hurting them, or is it just hollywood?
How to avoid knee pain/injury during Shikko waza?
Do women have any advantages in sword fighting
How risky is it to practice grappling martial arts (eg Jiu Jitsu) with a weakened arm bone?
Which will be the best style for kung fu for self defense for a weak person?
What are the best free online resources to learn Drunken Kung Fu style?
Help picking a martial art (avoiding head strikes)
Explanation of the goshin-ho kata…
celebrities known for Martial arts
Judo and bodybuilding
Wearing a chest heart rate sensor
Beginning Jiu Jitsu, learning gi and no gi at the same time
Where to concentrate exactly during meditation?
Why is wrestling often not seen as a martial art?
Glima and Greco-Roman wrestling cross pollination
Are mouth guard the same for all sports?
Is it true that Wing Chun Fails before wrestlers or Boxers?
Historical esgrimas de navaja technical manuals
Combined Grappling Dummy and Bob punching bag for practice
Can I be able to learn Wing Chun Online?
Magnesium supplements for martial art performance
Can Iaido help one's Aikido?
Concussion in light sparring
Why are outside parries not used in rapier fencing?
What other styles aside from hak fu mon and fu jow pai use claw styles as a core (or frequent) technique?
What are some ways to prepare for learning a clawing art
Is the Push Side Kick a Taekwondo technique?
How do I find Taekwondo Tournaments near me?
Why was `Rumble in the Jungle` held in Zaire?
Benefits of training in a hakama…
Benefits of training with suwari waza
Could martial arts knowledge be turned towards self with deadly effect, like a spy suicide pill?
Could a non-Buddhist person become a monk/master at Shao-lin temple?
What's the name of this sweep and where did it originate?
Should pole standing (zhan zhuang) be on front or back of the foot?
Etiquette when changing from karate to jiu-jitsu
Adapting from karate to jiu-jitsu
Chest punches - deceptively useful, or movie fantasy?
Muay Thai/Kickboxing: Online training for absolute beginner?
Emphasis in jujitsu and brazilian jujitsu
How do I become ready for Tae Kwan Do after not training for a month?
How do you knock someone out using pressure points?
Stay in shape while interrupting Taekwondo practice for a few months
Is it possible to perform a disabling attack that does not cause permanent damage?
Who said there are 3 paths of judo and where can I find the quote
Are there any martial arts that use the boomerang?
What is the name of this takedown / throw?
Mouth guard fitting for very small mouth
Purpose of the supported palm block in the Taegeuk Chill Jang
Does glove size make any difference?
Defending legs with a sword
What is a good BJJ book for someone familiar with groundwork but not BJJ?
Any tricks to help with two hand wielding (dual weilding)?
Hand held striking targets for sticks?
Trick/Morph weapons aka weapons with different modes…
Old student looking for a new style
Clumsy and struggling with performing techniques
Are broken toenails evidence of poor technique?
Techniques under the influence of pepper spray / temporarily blinded
How to respond to insults/stereotypes against one's own martial art
What is the difference between "Real Aikido" and traditional aikido?
Technique for landing a Teep
What kind of protector to use when sparring?
Considering domestic violence, what does Tae Kwon Do teach its practitioners in order for them to protect their loved ones?
Why do the 2020 Summer Olympics have Kata but not Poomsae?
What is the relative frequency of Muay Thai in the UFC vs. other fighting styles and why?
ITF patterns- symbolism
If the instructor recommends advancement, should I trust them?
Why is there no sport called martial arts at the Olympics?
How can I build striking power?
Is there a rigorous exploration of the relationship between core strength and kick power?
Is it possible to hit without bruise?
How do you call a practitioner of Tai Chi Chuan (or Kung Fu in general)?
How to keep a thai-style groin guard from loosening mid-practice?
Is the differentiation between southpaw and orthodox stance useful?
WHAT ARE THE SIGNS THAT A DOJO COULD NOT BE CLASSED AS A McDOJO?
Can I do Brazilian jiu jitsu and Tae Kwon Do at the same time
Shodokan or Tomiki Aikido, which is the proper name for the style and organization?
What is the etymology and meaning of Oss?
What do the Shorinji Kempo Organisations do?
What would prove better for a youth as self-defense
Why should "Oss" be used in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
Are there any martial forms that utilize game boards as weapons?
When to bind in european sword & buckler?
Accuracy and historical veracity of goshi-no-kata knife attack: Yakuza link?
I'm curious about learning a new discipline for self defense
How to retrieve phone from thief?
Does Arm Length Affect Elbow Strike Power?
Relatively safe standing throw/grapple/manipulation techniques?
Can Martial Arts be learned alone?
What is the name of the postition with the leg retracted (in japanese)?
How can I get my training partners to be more aggressive?
taekwondo injury
Are Judoka generally taught yanking and pounding the uke into the ground, as opposed to technique and flow?
Are there any shortsword treatises/sources?
Purpose of non-sword hand movements
How to defend against fish-hooking?
Which types of throws can lift the heaviest weight (hip throws, shoulder throws, etc.)?
Why is it easier to punch with palm facing out then down
Can a 60kg fighter fight in the heavyweight bout in boxing or wrestling?
Resisting choke holds using throat tendons?
A.C.T vs Filipino martial arts
Is Taekwondo a free moving fighting style?
Lowering shoulders when punching
Things to do in Tokyo when you are NOT dead (yet)
Can Zenpou hiyaku ukemi be used to replace Zenpou kaiten ukemi?
standing and crouching posture name in Aikido
Why does WKF not allow Mae geri (Front Snap Kick) and Yoko geri (Side Kick)?
Did Samurai armour have flexible joints?
How to condition knuckles?
Groin attack danger in full guard (especially stages 3, 4)?
Why kyokushin Karateka did not prefere soft style technique?
Using shoes while training at home
What do I do if an attacker grabs my breasts?
Aikido locks/throws while wearing ken in the obi
What is the purpose of slow movements in poomsae / kata / taolu for?
How do martial arts relate to squatting?
Does cycling improve stamina or any other physical characteristics?
Ageing and Competition - Step back or Power through?
Is the head-outside single leg takedown relevant in MMA?
Pain when performing mae geri and mawashi geri
Is there an official hand mudras record?
Harassment by another student
Difference between "bandal-chagi" and "dollyeo-chagi"
Do I need a new attitude, or a new dojo?
Did Ueshiba successfully explain his aikido knowledge to his students?
What causes stiff body while kicking? (Lack of flexibility or balance)
Taekwondo's front kick problem
20 years old, 0 experience with Martial Arts but I want to start learning how to spar for Boxing
Would Hapkido be a good choice for transitioning from Tai Chi (Yang) to a form with with more locks, strikes, falling for an older adult?
Which chinese martial art is known in the West as kung fu?
Can long wet cloth really be used effectively as a weapon?
ITF Taekwondo Patterns Information- Yul Gok & Toi Gye
Just for self defense
Snake Creeps Down
How to effectively defend against a boxer with kicks
What Position to adopt if a car is speeding towards you?
Why is Systema used for American secret agents training?
Taekwondo technique similar to "Kamehameha"?
Which factors to consider when choosing a Krav school?
Umbilical hernia surgery and return to sparring
BJJ sparring partner avoiding me
Is Capoeira mostly a performative art?
What form of martial arts should I choose?
Styles of Karate
First aid for small injuries
Searching for martial arts called "ki-chun" or anything that can help in concentration and control
Is "Jogo do Pau" (stickfighting) derived from longsword fighting?
Is modern martial arts effectiveness intentionally reduced?
How to counter a grab to a kicking leg?
Sumi Gaeshi or Obi Tori Gaeshi?
Source for Bruce Lee quote "If you spend too much time thinking..."
Light or heavy gloves for friendly boxing match?
Exercises to train better falling when thrown
Who were the two stuntmen in the final part of the stairway fight in Atomic Blonde?
Rice filled bag or mung bean filled bag which one is effective for training?
Why is an Ippon rarely awarded when attacking fallen opponents?
Would aikido high feather falls work in judo?
50-years-old. How should I choose which MA to start?
Learn first the back roll or the front roll?
Why are some people just not getting knocked out?
Extreme training for civilians
Using a tree trunk for kicking practice
Is "Jogo do Pau" the only historic European martial art kept alive until today?
Why was Wrestling scheduled to be removed from the Summer Olympic Games?
Taegeuk Il Jang does not naturally end on the place you started
Fix body protector strap holders
Why kata competitors wear red and blue belts?
What does a left hook achieve in boxing?
Is a right hand jab possible for right handed boxer?
Taekwondo belt skills and level
Sandan meaning in Taekwon do
How much should a (light) punching bag swing?
Punch bags in a rental apartment
Punching speed vs proper technique/force
Why doesn't karate use hook punches like boxing does?
Limit for fouls in Taekwondo Olympic Sparring
Should a martial artist wear baggy or form-fitting pants?
Is there any move (push?) in combat sports that hits an opponent and increases the distance to the opponent, while not throwing them to the ground?
Why don't karateka practice ground-fighting and takedown defense?
Martial arts with cerebral palsy and forearm crutches
Why do we teach unrealistic bunkai?
Shoes for 1st metatarsal phalangeal joint arthritis
Why do federschwerten have a schilt, when longswords don't?
Is there an "ideology" in martial arts that would question/not abide to hierarchical and authoritarian martial arts organizations/cultures?
What body factors limit the number of punches in a combo?
How can I practice any martial art if I have difficulty with motor and coordination skills?
How can I keep my feet clean during training?
Can spinal injury occur from rear naked choke
Why do people wear frayed black belts?
improving endurance for martial arts kicking routines
Avoid anterior pelvic tilt on the long stance
Developing voice of command
Why do round kicks use the ball of the foot?
Are blocks unrealistic?
How does BJJ differ from classic jujutsu?
Hidden hits in fight and control
Defending non-telegraphed strikes
Sometimes while fighting, people stand still and let their enemy attack. Why?
Help for Cauliflower Ear
Is there any specific name for a move when a fighter dodges their opponent's punch and counter-punches at the same time?
What can I do about taekwondo knee pain?
Using jump kicks in Olympic style sparring
How to create a Bunkai of Karate?
Hip issue with Mawashi Geri (Roundhouse Kick)
Why don't we strangle with the hands in BJJ
Where can I find a good source for invisible strike
How can we do push ups with Tonfa?
Is there a better way defend from stick and Tonfa
Suppose you know a martial art. How likely are you to get a chance to use it for self defense?
Which foot forward when breaking boards with hand/elbow?
Are there martial arts known to synergize with Judo?
Name this technique against Chudan tsuki ('knife' to the abdomen)
Philosphy and history of Okinawan Karate
Is it possible to start Taekwondo or Karate at 15
When/why was the list of Kodokan Judo throws and ground techniques recently expanded?
TKD routines at home for a 60 year old male
Why don't we wear shoes in karate?
What are some fundamental yet highly effective ways to break your opponent's posture?
Nasal dilators in martial arts
What does "submission (terror)" mean as method of winning or losing a fight in MMA?
How can one effectively use their hips to generate strength for any given technique that requires it?
Does leaving the fan switched on in the dojo reverse the effect of warm up exercises?
Kyokushin Sparring Gear
How to wash leather shin guard?
BJJ bloodborne diseases
ITF and WTF Black belts
Black Belt - 2 Schools
Confusion with the word "bande" meaning reverse in Taekwondo
Where can I learn about HEMA shields?
Learning to throw a proper Muay Thai low and body kick
Why is wrestling considered an Olympic sport whereas karate and kung fu are just considered martial arts?
Target pad design
How to correctly throw the leg kick so that it does not get jammed up after punches?
Can a foreigner train shaolin kung fu inside the shaolin temple?
Can one be a formidable MT fighter, if they are unable to jump-rope, swim, cycle, or run long distances?
Shaolin temple foreigners
Stretching for the split
What is the name of this temple on Taekwondo educational videos
How to deal with a judoka who is not gentle?
Does a stance like this have any application in real life?
Long Focus Mitts for Punching and Kicking
Is Peek-a-boo Boxing bad for the lower back?
What is traditionally written on a judo belt?
How to counter a powerful Left Roundhouse Kick from a Southpaw in MT?
Looking at martial arts
Is there any maximum time for staying in a belt in BJJ?
Huge bruises on shin from heavy bag leg kicks?
Dementia Pugilistica and Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy: How to know when to call it quits?
Tai Chi reference for beginner studying Chen style
What self defense would everyone recommend to a fighter forced to fight with two broken fist?
How to reduce damage/protect the chest
Should a boxing beginner always keep his/her hands up high?
To all MMA practitioners :" jab "
Source: Hélio Gracie being offered a Kodokan Belt and refusing?
How to Deal with Talkative Training Partner
What is meant by "Absorb what is useful. Discard what is not. Add what is uniquely your own."
Closest discipline to "just beating each other"?
Problem with kicks and legs
My knee keeps buckling when I am in horse stance or preparing for kicks
How do I close the distance with taller opponents during sparring in karate?
How accurate is the Pencak Silat in The Raid: Redemption?
Where to get lightweight belts for bjj competitions from?
How to do a good yoko geri (side kick)
Modern day Muay Thai useful for self defence
Does a person with a rugged look and bold voice not fail in a fight?
Karate Tonfa Kata
Which style to cross train with Southern Mantis Kung Fu?
kumitachi, hasso-no-kamae, and hand positions
Is there such a thing as a toxic sensei? How to deal with one like that?
"Lighter" but effective martial art
What were Bruce Lee diet plans and training schedule?
Why grip with only three fingers?
Doing martial arts on LSD
Is being angry a prerequisite for sparring?
Scientific evidence that punches to the head is harmful in boxing? (Even with protective gear)
How to benefit from sparring that is a very poor match for my training?
Keep old rank or start afresh?
Best way to control a gun holder from his back
How do I avoid getting a cauliflower ear while practicing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
What are some good low impact martial arts?
Surface of chest protector is coming off
Study on Songahm TKD sparring matches - Wide count ranges?
Simple workout for kicking/leg muscles
Why am I overwhelmed by negative energy after training?
I am 41 yrs old with no martial arts training suffering with osteoarthritis of the knees. Which martial art is best suited for me?
Third Party Defence from Knife
Difference between wrestling and grappling
I'm overweight and rather young, and I want to lose a bit. What should I do?
Why do Sambo fighters practice BJJ as well?
Is there a martial art that has Tekken 2's Lee's "back flip kick"?
Improving kick strength and precision
Reducing brain damage in sparring
Double jointed martial arts?
Danzan Ryu Jiu-Jitsu for self defense?
Age and Restrictions, Learning Karate
Does being OVERLY tall affect taekwondo?
Possible explanations for contradictory facts on headgear and brain damage?
When doing qi'gong form of four-square breathing, does one visualize the microcosmic orbit or something else?
Kiai, the Hara and Dantian (etymology and philosophy)
After receiving the mortal thrust, a swordsman deliberately impales himself on hostile blade, to return a blow (historical duels, small sword)
Is full/contact an official Jiu Jitsu system under JJIF?
Is there a mathematical model of how much force is applied to joints during various tae kwon do activities?
Can meditation improve someone's reaction time?
Should I wear a groin protector?
Can a trained 60 year-old outfight an untrained 20 year-old?
Is learning some form of dancing beneficial to martial artists?
Which pressure points are easy reachable for attack?
Right handed southpaw
Is there an actual standards document for poomsae?
Is there any sparring that doesn't involve punches to the head?
Why do MMA fighters seem to duck down before they throw a right hand?
Is there a martial art that emphasizes small unit tactics?
How do you interact with treatment providers who are unfamiliar with martial arts following an injury?
How is it helpful during training, to hold ones breath after intense warm-up?
Will three months of Muai Thai help?
How can you take steps to decrease risk of brain damage during Thai sparring?
Are there moves that would never be taught or talked about in an MMA gym?
Is there a way to reliably attack only a bent elbow joint with ude garami (Kimura, Americana)?
Is there a canonical resource for the classification of Judo mat techniques?
Collection of O.Ratti Aikido illustrations?
What is the difference between judo and wrestling?
Sparring against two opponents test
How does weapons training transfer to empty hand?
What kind of glove is being shown in the following pictures, and why is it nearly always a knife user who wear this style of gloves?
Taekwondo belts and their rankings
Belt too long, tie with two knots?
Cardio work for Muay Thai fighters
Why do some nunchakus have one or two rings?
What Does it take to Compete at Competition Level in Wushu?
Would a Pankration Fighter be allowed in UFC?
What is the name of the maker of this bokken?
Are there any Judo techniques which are illegal in BJJ?
Reasons for a Karate Kata disqualification?
Counter kick defence
How are armlocks categorised in Judo?
De-ashi-harai or De-ashi-barai?
What is the etiquette for practicing with more experienced partners in BJJ?
What does "smash" mean in BJJ?
How do martial artists make stronger fingers via hot sand?
How to make knuckles bigger like Bruce Lee's knuckles?
Resting leg muscles in cold water and temperature
Stretching advices for kicking
Etymology of tomoe-nage?
What is the difference between kosoto-gari and kosoto-gake?
Why was blue chosen to distinguish competitors' judo-gis?
Does BJJ have a standardised syllabus?
Cheng Man-Ch'ing advises that breath should be: Fine, Long, Calm, and Slow. What does this mean?
How will full contact fighting against ocean waves harden all forms of combat training?
How can just one punch subdue an opponent with a machete?
What Etiquette Should be Followed When Sparring at Another School?
How to protect (or pad up) injured side?
Is there a martial art where exams can be taken at will?
MMA with a knee issue?
Why is the first dan called shodan, as opposed to ichidan?
am I thinking about this correctly? (deciding whether to move left or right after a strike)
What's a strong attack to use when running away?
Origin of kawazu-gake?
Fighting stance
Under which Chinese teacher did Tang Soo Do's founder (Hwang Kee) study?
Is there a pin in Judo that cannot be classified as a standard pin?
Are there personal defense moves that a woman can learn to defend against sexual assault?
What knocks a person out: Is it energy or force?
What are the major tactical concepts of striking martial arts asides from the strike techniques themselves?
Stepping on a spear as a counter, aka "mikiri" counter
What is the purpose of UFC fighters extending and retracting their lead hand? Why don't boxers do so, at least as much?
Is 'pressure point' striking a useful skill to know in a street fight?
how come some people are able to move around the ring like they're skating or floating?
What kind of mentality do you have going into a fight vs sparring?
Why were leg-locks removed from Judo?
How can I gently test the Peroneal Strike on myself?
Why are punches to the head prohibited in some Eastern striking martial arts?
Karate - Does being tall make you slow in Kata?
Risk of head injuries or cognitive impairment from training BJJ?
Can hitting a heavy bag lead to wrist or finger arthritis?
Is semen retention an important thing in martial arts?
What type of throw is the Laats' Dive-In?
Why were leg grabs removed from competitive judo?
I still look like a complete "noob" during drills with long combos I've never practiced before hand
Origin of kata-guruma?
Black belt protocol
Iron palm monster hand training
King of Iron Palm Training
Is an arm-triangle (choke from kata-gatame) a legal submission?
Chess Boxing - Wondering how I would do / how I'd get into it
What would be the best form of martial arts for a bigger guy?
Tell me what combo he throws in this video
Is the crucifix a valid osaekomi-waza?
Best martial arts for self defence focusing on joint-locks?
Why is ude-garami permitted in judo if it often targets the shoulder joint?
Were wristlocks ever part of Judo randori?
Is shaking hands after a judo competition bad etiquette in Japan?
Why are there no competitive martial art champions aged 62 or above?
How is "Tai Chi Chuan" pronounced on Cantonese language?
Boxer breaking boards, karateka punching punching bag
Osoto-gari grabbing uke's neck or hair
